
It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's know's home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL same day, valid on eligible in-Stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


The Volume. Yeah, I know y'all see that new commercial with me on cry pic. Mama. I'm on tv. Do y'all heard me? I'm on tv. I went from watching TV to being on tv. Ain't I Owe it all to God? I not owe it all to God. I'm on one tonight. I'm feeling good tonight. I done drunk some of that McDonald Sprite.


I'm juice star man. Thank y'all for coming over here man. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show Monday Night Football. We had a ball game tonight for the most part where they looked that way at first. But before I even get into the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the Baltimore Ravens in the Arizona Cardinals in the in the LA trouble before I even get to them games. Make sure you gonna hit the like button by now. Yeah. I'm gonna give y'all time to go on and tap in with your boy. Go on and hit the like button man. And if you're new here, go ahead and hit the subscribe button, show you how we do things over here on the bubble.


Do so starting out with game game one tonight. Baltimore Ravens knocked the, knocked the Hennessy out Tampa Bay Bucca News Night. That's what they did. 41 31. That was the score. Ravens go on, become five and two and the Bucca News is four and three right now. Starting the game out first quarter. I can't lie. First quarter Baker Mayfield was hot then Grease came down the first quarter. Mike Evans come 20. Shit Baltimore for the first quarter after that.


After that Tampa Bay didn't do a motherfucking thing. And I mean nothing before you even get into the turnover. Baker Transfield hat. Let me get started out with Lamar Jackson. Let me introduce you to five touchdown. 17 foot 22 281 yard passes. Y'all said he couldn't throw, you said he couldn't see but to me he looking like the MVP. That's Lamar Jackson right now. I didn't say Zebra K Pat Mahomes. I can say big Billy Josh Allen. I didn't say that. I said Lamar Jackson 281 yard passing a night. Nine carriers for 52 yards.


Five tds, no interceptions look like a mother MVP quarterback to me. Now let me get started with King Henry. Gary Henry is what they call him. 15 carries one sixty nine rushing yards to have one for 81 yards. This man already am got over a thousand yard rushing. Do you hear me? Damn Not got over a thousand yard rushing right now. A running back that they thought everybody thought was over the hill. He's done his best days are behind him. You lied And I'm Jerry you ain't.


I'm sorry y'all. I ain't talking about them. Sorry as cowboys. I'm sorry I don't know where that came from. I just wanna choke on them motherfucker. I'm not bad. I'm sorry I ain't, I ain't mean to do all that. Let me, let me stick to the game that was played tonight. I want give a shout out to the offensive line that's creating them damn holes for Derrick Henry. We give all the praises to Lamar and Gary Henry. Well what about that nasty, filthy musta ass offensive line that pushing and shoving and pinching and them holes for Gary Henry and Lamar Jackson. I ain't seen a one two punch this good in a long mother time. I haven't. I know we had to Russell Wilson's and, and the Beast modes.


Russell got a ring. I we gonna get them leg. What I'm seeing right now from Lamar and King Henry is something special because especially when they get the running they on shotgun. You gonna know if Henry gonna keep it or or I mean Lamar gonna give it to Henry or keep you gonna know. And they got design runs for both of 'em. I'm talking about design run for both of you. See when I told y'all earlier in the year when that run game get to working, you can't stop the pass do you? You can't stop the run. You ain't gonna stop the defense couldn't stop shit. And I mean nothing.


Ty Bowes, you a defensive coach. That's what you hang your hat on. Well somebody need to be getting they as out that in that in their locker room right now. Somebody need to be called in your office coach do what would you do? Get my office defensive coordinator. Oh quarterback coach. Linebacker coach. Defensive line coach. Come look at this. Look at do you, did you do you deserve your paycheck tonight? Somebody gotta answer some questions down there for tie bows. You got to start holding these counters accountable.


No they ain't the one out there playing. But you supposed to have a eye on the right players that's supposed to be in the game that's playing. I seen them boy didn't even want to tackle Henry no more. Ain't running and hiding in front. No, no look, get it on. We all men and I know Big Henry they that King Henry's a big mother, big balls. He up there 6 3, 2 of 'em 45 pounds running by 4, 4 4 5 get it but you got go knock his motherfucking helmet off his head so I can say his shit. They can't say your nigga fed and all that, fuck all that you got Gary.


Right. His motherfucking genius Stop he throw laying down they scared to tackle. I bow, I have be some motherfucking brass knuckles up in my, in my socks. I jump down in the hug and get a fucking next place run right up to Henry Bow right in this chin. They'll never see it coming. It be like when Rick Bone call Vana Holyfield. I'm telling you man these boys ain't even feel gonna be wanting to tackle man. They all homeboys man. They be having, you know some some shots some would call cheap shots on a player.


They they at ease up just like Patrick Mahome the zebra rang over the corner back the other day for the 49. Ain't no motherfucking way. I'm turning, I'm turning Patrick motherfucking head off his headlining doing everything I can but they don't wanna do that though. They said to get fine puss what they are? They vaginas scream my, I got legs on the screaming like they vaginas. That's what they're Mike Evans got hurt after the touchdown. Didn't really know he was out resting the game. We praying for God one right now too. He got injured towards the end of the game man.


Hopefully it ain't season ending but man the way it's looking man it might be NFL it gets rigged with injuries right now. I know a lot of people get on here complaining man. Especially for fan. My whole team hurt man. It's a lot of players hurting on every team bro. Ain't no excuses bro. But we, because you know Brandon, Brandon, he's probably, he's out ACL Deebo had an illness during the game yesterday he was out Brandon Genius' hip, he was out. I mean your whole team is banged up. I get it but you still gotta go out there and perform At the end of the day you are hurt and not performing.


Meanwhile my cowboys not hurt and they ain't doing a damn thing. We got y'all coming after that by week. I hope we take a thing until y'all hurt motherfucker because I don't never wish harm on nobody but y'all hurt. I hope we run through y'all hurt ass team. Yeah I said and I make it Tampa Bay fall four and three. They in the same division with the RAs, Carolina Panthers. They gonna be all right because I don't know what they doing right now up there in Carolina. Carolina can't even beat no damn high school varsity team right now. And they dog 75 years motherfucking years old.


Quarter backing. Then they had to put his ass on the bench. Then you want to bring in Bryce Young, he cold Bryce Young, cold then a motherfucker right now he shoulda have been back with the first team reps all along. I bet Don see Andy Dogg no mother remote. I don't wanna see him fall in she even Jayden. Daniel heard Mark Mariota came back in. Chip Kelly rode over this mother grave right now. I don't wanna see in dog no damn mo. I want the people that's ESPN Fox 12.


Are you high Steve? They where you at Steven? They Mark Spears. Where at Cam? No that where at? We gonna wanna see and Dolton no damn mo and I mean I don't wanna see him no more in Carolina. Y'all talk about everything else. God dammit. Talk about that.


Don't get some straightening on this show y'all. Hey well guest not coming in. Welcome. I'm, I'm on one right now. I'm I'm I'm just saying it's a whole lot. I don't wanna see that no motherfucker Mo be honest. Wish it wasn't no such thing as Saturday Cap. I'm Jerry Jones, I'm walking that SOB out to his parking lot and tell him don't come back no damn mo got me up here in this office. Straightened stressing about making you the highest paid mother fucking player. Now you come out here and play football like you went to Juco. Ain't ain't nothing wrong going Juco but you shoot, I'm just just trying to make a point's different from Juco player and and a D one player Now I know a lot of people done went to Dallas, ain't even Dallas no more.


I used to go to Dallas, niggas had fr dogs nigga niggas got nine to fives again fucking with Dak. I'm talking about real D boy. Real big Mees so on the block every day D up there knock them niggas working nine to five. Nigga working at Smoothie Kings went to the smoothie king as they seen my homeboy. Nigga I was getting 3.5 from what you doing there man? Shit timed hard shit. Shit You Kidding. You shit me. You ain't nah man that's what I'm doing now ass nigga.


But in essence he doing the right thing in life. Not doing the bad thing, doing positive but we look at things different putting y'all on game. That's how we look at each other. That's how we treat one another nigga working nine to five. We call 'em lame nigga who sell dope. We we we we praise him. We backwards. What Jay-Z say Y'all praise the person that got shot. I praise the sure y'all praising dope dealers. Y'all should be praising me 'cause I put 'em away. I put dope dealers away and my run around this motherfucker new jury all the money nothing for come here.


I got a for you. I got a place for you. Better get your G when you in there too boy. Better get when you come home you pick up now another, you going back. I dunno about y'all. I know Kansas City six. No I get it. Mahome ain't playing. What a damn I get it. I know Ravens have a tough time beating the chiefs. I know but if they can keep running the motherfucking ball over 244 rush yards of t. If they can keep running the ball like this when it get real cold Ain't the same chiefs team.


I don't give a damn what you saying. If they Ravens can keep running the ball like this when it's really cold in January when it matters most they'll beat the chief, they'll beat anybody else in the motherfucking league. And I like the Detroit Lions. I don't but I don't think they too, I don't think they physical enough for the Ravens. Y'all see that number zero they got for the Ravens. That Smith that big motherfucker had about 25. That ball was raised up on Red Top Milk. That blue Purple Milk never.


That's a red top milk. That boy that grew up eating 20 fish sandwich. I'm not bullshiting. You look up grew up fish sandwich. That's what he grew up. Yeah they but they not the same chief's team so all I'm saying they're not the same. He gonna have a weapons he had. Hey y'all. Yeah y'all, y'all not listening to me. You don't know if you're talking about dope shit. I'm telling you right now the Baltimore Ravens is a Super Bowl team contender right now.


That Super Bowl contender team right now. If DeMar you mean Tim DeMar gonna keep throwing the ball like that. If DeMar gonna keep throwing that motherfucker like he damn Margo Shit. Shit that'd be right down there. New Orleans Right Down on Bourbon Street two stepping like a mother Shit. I'm telling you now. Hey yo. Hey you know about to more people talk. Hey yo. That's how they talk. Moving on to the next game we had tonight. LA Charger Versa.


Arizona Cardinals, Arizona Cardinals won 17 to 15 me kind of motherfucking score that 17 to 15 nevertheless Arizona pulled it out. Kyle Murray didn't have the best game and when he really never do but James Conner had over a hundred yard rushing. That run game is the reason why they won this game tonight. Wasn't Kyle Le Murray definitely not doing it through the earth even though Marvin Harrisson Jr's back from his concussion. He had, they had three catches 27 yard but Justin Herbert threw the hell out the ball but couldn't get it in the end zone. Yeah you could throw the ball up and down the field all day. But when you get in the red zone you can't make it kind zero plus down zero inception for Brandon Sherbert tonight.


And I know a lot of y'all won't say Brandon. I mean Justin Herbert is elite. He not top five, he's not even top 10. He's top 15 ish to me. Justin Herbert, I haven't seen nothing yet from him. Y'all keep saying he this and that. Uhuh Uhuh because he supposed to be beating Arizona right now. He supposed to be beating Arizona right now and he didn't do it. Sugar kept that running back Echos they went up there to watch the that sugar. Sugar kept. They ain't got no run game up there in in LA. Right. No run game at beg off going hiring. Why G and Snoop letting them get in the backfield for the charger. They ain't got they self entertained running out there getting John Harbaugh bringing them in first year back from, from what he was doing in college with all them scandals he had going on over there.


Give John Hartman, give Jim Harbaugh by to next year he shit. Chargers will be moving and grooving there ain't nobody in LA right now. Everybody moving. Not LA man them houses high as hell got nothing. Taxes ridiculous. Them niggas breaking in your house every other day. Ain't nobody in LA right now. They ain't got no home team. Hell I'm telling you. Ain't nobody in the, everybody moving to Texas, Atlanta, Charlotte, everywhere else. Shit. Everybody even know goddamn hell they gang gang members leaving LA right now. Them niggas ain't even, niggas ain't even banging there no more. Them niggas old in wheelchairs and them niggas that still banging, that's in wheelchair. Them regular niggas running around. Shit no niggas don't fit now.


Y'all know ain't bullshitting. LA ain't the same no more LA different man. People like you need to move LA shit ain't everybody breaking in your house up there. Rich people break even breaking in your house. I'm not going no damn la not moving up there for nothing. So ain't not going to do it. Ain't going do it. No damn LA ain't gonna be able to do it. Prayers going out to Deshaun Watson. You, you nasty, filthy, ungrateful, evil hearted motherfucking fans down there in Cleveland booing that man out the field when he got hurt. Y'all ain't right. That's why y'all will never win a motherfucking championship down there in Cleveland.


That's just despicable mature man. Don't an injury like that Man Wa massage. Paula Watson got a lot going on in this live brother. If you ever see this show hold your head, hold your head dog. Yeah, hold your head man. You got plenty of time to get massages now do go at it. Do your motherfucking thing. I'm turning my, I I can't see nothing. I can't see, I can't see nothing motherfucker. Yeah she thick too watching. Yeah. Yeah but prayers to you, prayers to Brandon, you prayers to Chris Godwin praying to all the people that got hurt man that's, you know what I'm saying, that them players go through a lot.


I know it make a lot of money but them boy be wanting to play and when you get hurt you work so hard to get hurt like that man it takes a lot of your achi injury watching dealing with maybe it could be Kare ending. We don't know. Gonna pray for the brother pray, just pray he get better man. But you know what you but you know what I came here to talk about though. The NBA season is back tomorrow night. Nick s like you mother be tuning in after that game. Lemme start with the Knicks. They don went out and got Big Cat call Anthony Towns is what they call him.


They went and got Mackay from the Knicks. They already got your ball over there. Jaylen Bronson over there. Y'all already got a newbie over there. Lemme tell you something about this series right here Nick Cel. Even though the cel the Champion, they out deal with them. Damn this year they out deal with bro ain't no mothers. You can go down there, go down low, throw it down low the big cat then he could come out to the three point line and tighten your ass up. Come on.


This ain't the same. Nicks this the one er, Nicks this the Nick born Nicks this the Frank Lucas. Nick. I love that car. Do you rather your Ohio blew up next time? Hey man Nick's gonna be alright now gotta go back to the subject. Jason tag coming off the Olympic bull crap. That didn't play him but he was a champion. I I don't get it. You know Olympics were stacked. Jalen Brown, MVP of the NBA finals. You know regardless of what Take say he got a chip on his show as he should, as he should Boss gonna be right back in the mix again next year.


That's all I'm saying. So what I'm naming now I'm not no order but I'm letting y'all know how the east going to rock. You got, you got the Celtics, you got the Knicks, you got the Bucks, you got the Celtics and you always got Miami down there with Jimmy Butler. I mean you just, you can, you could never count Miami out. I know y'all probably thinking Cleveland. Cool Orlando on to come up. They ain't quite there yet but them teams Celtics. Knicks Bucks, Sixers Miami next. Next we going over to the west. Gotta break it down man. You know the best team over is the Mavericks in the West.


You got, they added Clay Thompson, they already got Kyrie, they already got Clay. I mean they already got Luca probably the best player in the game right now. Luca Damn marriage gonna be right back there again man they gonna, and and if Clay can gets somehow turn back the hands of time when they shooting for them guys, I'm telling you Ma could be on their way back to the NBA finals whether they win it or not, I don't know but that's what I'm looking at. Two the nuggets. I mean, I mean the Wolves with Ant Man bring in Julius Round. I think it's going I I mean I I know y'all might, some of y'all might say Cat be than Ant but I mean round.


But I think this might fit Julius round a little bit better. His attitude, it fits with Ant Man and I don't really see Ant Man man you know coming off the Olympics, he a man now. Our eyes is on him now. I mean more than ever than it have been before. Let's see, can can he get Minnesota to the final because that, because he been talking a lot of shit about the old old heads and he ain't won now yet. Aunt Man a fam go ahead and go down there Twin go out there and get you a ring man. Get your legacy going. Yeah I know LeBrons and Jordans and the Curs, all them cool my, I wanna start my own this stuff you right now Aunt man to take the NBA by storm. Can you do it Then you got the nuggets.


They gonna went out and got fam, they gonna went and got ru y already got Yoko Yoic y already got Mary over there. Let's, let's, let's just see because I hate them damn nuggets boy y'all don't even know it but I hate them mama nuggets but I gotta be real with myself man. I gotta be real. They one of the best teams in the West. Then you got the sons, you got Bradley, bill, Kevin Durant, you got Devin Booker. You know they gonna be somewhere in the mix. They gonna be somewhere in and you know I gotta bring up, y'all gotta talk about him. If you got bru on your team motherfucker you got a chance.


Even at four, seven years old you still gotta chance. Anthony Davis look at me fam. This is your motherfucking year to take this team over bro. I love you when you get over there with Brun and shut your motherfucking mouth. I'm running, running if I, that's my attitude bro. I love you fam playing with your son and the female voice. That's so cute. But shit y'all over there let do this Snoop called him. Come here DeAngelo Russell mother lemme tell y'all something about DeAngelo ru.


If DeAngelo Russell come to play ball and not talking, I come to play motherfucking ball. Laker's got a chance yo. Regardless of how y'all feel about Delo, how I feel about him when he is locked in. Lakers is tough to beat. Even when AE was out, remember a was out and like one game and LeBron was out and he went down there and beat the cel. Dlo did that. Dlo talking dlo. Yeah talking ass Dlo was a bowling last year before Darlingham killed his confidence. Lemme tell you something about the game of basketball man because I had a bad habit of doing this but when them players constantly hear their name and trade talks it hurt 'em man sometimes they do something to they confidence.


I know what y'all saying don't matter man. You got a ball, you getting all this kind of money. I get it. But them players, players don't like moving from here to here moving they families and here and there bro. It's a lot of pride when your name keep coming up in Trade Talk man it's like, it's just if man don't want me, you know what I'm saying, they don't want like, you know what I'm saying, like they gonna move me for somebody else. Like probably not a good feeling bro. So with that being said man, I just wish it was ways where players wouldn't know they was in trade talks, you know what I'm saying? Because when Dlo confidence was there, we was tough to, we like we was tough to be, we was tough to beat but the nigga throw trade talks start going on it's like he just like man I'm just real until I get that call and you know I don't think it's right.


I think that shit just keep that shit to theyself until they work it out man. All these sources, all we find out they in trade, that's bullshit. They gotta know hating the players man. I think that's some bullshit letting somebody know that's coming that job every day. Man you could be gone tomorrow. Like I don't think that shit cool but I always think the Lakers got a chance though. I do. But my biggest thing I want see, I really wanna see how JJ Rigg put this line up together this year. I wanna see in critical moment what plays he calling. I want, I wanna see if I'm a Laker fan. I'm, I'm optimistic right now and I'm let, I'm optimistic right now this year I, I am but I do expect them to.


Something don't happen this year. I don't know what it is. I don't know. I'm hoping Brony James get attacked by Aliens and Ball out. I do. I hope something jump in the Systeming make him ball out. We gam we going need it but more now I'm more excited to see Ja Wick back. That's what I'm ready to see Ja Wick and I'm ready to see Memphis. See y'all keep forgetting Ja Ja shit he started it now you don't wanna be hearing about being traded when you getting paid millions.


Man you can stop that lie. Especially when you on a team that you bonding with somebody. Bro. Y'all, I ain't never really played Team Ball had y'all being a part of a team. When you be a part of a team man it ain't even back the money no more with them players bro. You got getting a lot of money but they ain't about the money they, it's comradery bro. You don't wanna be getting up and moving your family. I'm telling you what it is. You don't wanna constantly keep hearing you feela be traded bro. That gonna mess with your mental trust me on. You don't wanna hear it. You wanna ball out man, just ball. If I'm gonna get traded I want to be a surprise. Be like hello? Hey you gone. That's it. You ain't messed up the floor of the game. You ain't arguing with the coach or players You, I'm telling you man it affects players.


I get it. You're getting paid millions. I get it. But it will affect you mentally bro. I'm hearing too many. I talk to too many players bro about this. It bothers them not gonna come out and say it but it bothers them a lot. NBA got to clean that up. NFL need to clean that, clean that up. I know it's our job to talk about who gonna be trading or it should be by who we think. You know what I'm saying because players my man, they don't wanna be dealing with that shit Man. Yeah Moose. Moose. I know it bro. That shit ain't cool hearing you finna be tra bro. That shit could do something to your mental man. Trust me.


I just like working another job man you, you hearing shit. They finna make some layoffs. I know somebody gonna bring at that job from here and they man they finna lay off shit man. Hope it ain't me shit. That's when niggas who ain't never been working, start working all of a sudden. Y'all know ain't lying. Nigga found out they finna get fine. Niggas start doing extra shit opening the doors and shit. Sweeping and shit. Acting like they busy the oh nigga keep, keep bullshit like you been doing but when you think you figure get laid out for five now you won't work. Hell no. That's why I always tell people you gotta work just like the boss when he there and when he ain't there you still got to put the work in.


I love when I used to work at my job, my nine five, somebody knowing that they gonna get fired all of a sudden they working hard the whole day. That's what my job do. My job will let you work hard that whole motherfucking day. Damn. You think you good when you clock out? Ooh, I'm good. You get that Pat on the back. Hey Mr. Simpson. Huh? You fired. We gonna get a good day out your ass. Do I honestly think LeBron gonna ball out? No, not to sure. I don't think he gonna get that much playing time, but if he do, I just told you I hope he, I hope Avi is jump in his body, he ball out.


Man I would love more than LeBron to get that get get number five. I I I would love no more than LeBron to get five rings. I would love it. I would love it but I as a Laker fan, I gotta be real with myself. I don't see it. Y'all. I I, I, I I'm I'm really not seeing it right now and the West is so damn good man. Like I just don't think y'all like the clips. They outta there and I love it but the but the West is so damn good. You got still got Golden State. I didn't even mention them. I don't, I didn't even mention Golden State Clay not gone.


They replace him with my boy Still got Dre Mon over, still got Curry, still got Wiggins, got Ku Monga over girl. Golden State still gonna be good. I don't think they got enough to win at all. But Golden State still gonna be good. They still gonna give us fucking problems. That's the thing with us man. They gonna still give us Lakers fucking problem. We ain't got nobody for fucking Curry. San Antonio gonna be all right. They ain't gonna be there yet but they gonna be all right with Chris Powell going over there hip and not Wimble.


But I don't, I think San Antonio may be another year away and another star player from going over there with with Weby. Ja whi got his boy. Well Eddie, I was thinking Ja will leave Memphis and maybe go get San Antonio got never wi be but he got Eddie down there. They gonna be special. I don't think Memphis gonna ever let Ja whi go. I mean it's hard to find a shooter. I'm saying boy it's hard to find a motherfucking shooter that's loyal and that ain't going hold it down and and and stick to who he really is. And he shit Wick ain't never leaving goddamn Memphis.


That's a real shooter. We know Memphis loves sugars. Ace time, I think they get extended Jalen Green three year 106 mil Ace time coming bro. A young got you doco that gonna stroke you, stroke you the the coach ace time. I'm gonna be good man. Like, like I'm gonna see them this Friday too. Yeah, I'm gonna go check out the Rockets this Friday man. I can't wait to check them out. Check out that game as well. I'm in society basketball back, you know, so I'm finna be going live even more so you already know tomorrow now after the Lakers game I'm going, nah, first game of the year.


I'm crunk I'm excited I'm gonna be wearing my Lakers girl. Yo dog don't have on that motherfucking Lakers girl. Why not? I yeah man.


If you watching this show man, then you already should know as if you, if you watch the first of the show then you already know this show being presented by prize picks man. Yeah. Going download the number one sports fantasy app that's in the game right now and use my promo code trash that's right below. Use my promo code trash. If you're a first time user you put $5 in, they gonna give you $50 instantly. Real talk more or less over there on your favorite player. Go down your cell player, they gonna have your stats. You either put more or less on there going over there and run it up and and enjoy yourself. Real talk.


And if you can't watch this show sometime, hey all you gotta do is go get Apple podcast or go get Spotify. Type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom. There I am. And we rocking and rolling. We rocking and rolling. He knows Somebody could ask me Bubba, this somebody got me Bubba do. If you is the head coach and Bubba do you a head coach, would I, Would I bitch my starting franchise quarterback even though he was playing bad without bench him? Hell no.


If I'm Jerry Jones and I'm paying Dak that kind of money, I could never bench him. I could never bench him. No. I gotta get my motherfucking money out him. I'm gonna leave him in until he get hurt. I ain't bullshit. I'm leaving me until he get hurt. Motherfucker. You wanna play good for me? That's why I couldn't be no owner. Oh. Oh Dak, you fucking with me. You know what? Hey look here, I'm gonna give you a a nice contract. I know you, I'm gonna give you a, you. I know you want 50. I'm gonna give you 60. Look, move out the way. Don't block like you supposed to block. Let that motherfucker come through. I have Dagg motherfucking arm in a sling for 75 months.


Fucking with me if I'm the owner. Bitch, you wanna go out here and throw a game away in the fourth quarter? Bitch you getting hurt next week. I'm not bullshitting. I'm just saying if I was a I would be crooked. I'm just being real with y'all nigga. You wanna talk with me nigga? Okay Ben, look here, you and your agent come on in here. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna tighten you up. Look next week I want you to move out the way. Move God damnit move out the way. Bow that go out. Well he, a quarterback that I had will go out. Everybody running on the field with the court. I'm, I'm the owner. I'm not going no damn well y'all hurry up and get that shit fixed down there.


Start this game back up that, that's what league gonna balance. I put a bounty on my own damn quarterback. He gonna get his ass, he gonna get his mind right one way or another. More than one way to skin a cat. More than one way to skin a cat. Look around day on tv, I'm relaxing. Looking at the news. P digger come up again man. Leave that nigga alone now talking about the man. Don't rape a 13-year-old girl. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of the lies man. I feel like if that man touched a 13-year-old, we would've heard about that shit back when it first happened. Give a damn how much money and power a man got.


If he messing with little girls, that a, we would've been up found about it. Y'all need to leave p dig it along with that. Now he might have done jumped on one of you ho choke you beat you up. He might have done done that because we saw it. But 13, I don't believe that one. I can't believe that one. Y'all don't forgive me. Sorry if I'm, if he really did it but I I don't see that one. He gonna strike me as that one. Now if it was a little boy, I I, you might have me on that one. Oh the little girl did it. It's just certain things man.


I, I refuse to believe and some things I just don't even like hearing no more. Like damn, the man already down. Okay, he going to be in jail. Cool. Why every week we got to keep hearing something about brother love. Why we got to keep doing that? Why we got keep doing that? Damn. How y'all feeling y'all about Pete dig? I'm, I'm hearing about digging. I'm tired hearing about them cowboy. Man I, I'm sick. Bullshit too. Gonna get back this whatcha gonna do.


Tired hearing. Damn y'all coming from the hip with a receiver. She, she ain't not going nowhere. Want to find somebody to put that right cheese in your goddamn macaroni. Cheese. Some people use America, some people use, some people use cheese sauce. Goddamn. Kirk hitting all kind of moves and any other woman even want shit.


Run. Go shit. Shit ain't finna leave no mother. You crazy. Oh you female crying. She leaving. You ain't left yours. Oh you ain't got one. Oh I don't even want one. You a motherfuck lie. You stay on the phone with one another talking about everybody else man. And they problems but when somebody tell you you gonna need to be telling them something because you ain't got no man. Oh because I don't want one. No because nobody your funky ass, nobody want no funky ass attitude. That's what it, we don't want deal with that shit. Y'all already can't cook gang trash.


Pushing trash. Kids trash you want be with all up under your head. Oh you better go put on a straight jacket. Don't ever think a real boss gonna do what you want him to do. He ain't do it. Telling you what God love and quit going down nigga to them damn churches and talking to your pastor about how you need a man. You ain't doing nothing but inviting that man to your bedroom. Then you wanna go and tell everybody well the pastor hit on me where you, you shouldn't have gave him the opportunity.


Now tell me I'm lying wearing that little old skippy shit around these pastor then get mad when he pastor shoot they shot they supposed to shoot they shot. Oh pastor I can't believe you came at me shit I don't see why not everybody come at you. I can't come at you. Come. Lemme lay hands on you sister. Come here. Come on in. Shit. Yeah you won't be secretary of the church. You gotta let me put in work. God. Right. Come here. Come on in here William. My old school players in here right now.


That's 45. No you know what I'm talking about. These women be then when you try to go ahead shoot your don't you ain't you Shit I die. Me and you right now baby one on one that's have some motherfuck. I ain't got no baby sugar. I got $75 for one. You pay 75 for a baby. You damn right. I only call your sister the one ain't ever got no job but it's always in your business telling you I ain't no good. I got $75 for God damnit. She gonna start smelling her face up with me. She gonna start waving.


Hey how you doing? I look damn that 75 make you smile won't it That damn right we going out to eat. We we gonna eat good. Don't get food boo. You treating me out. You must want something and do and motherfucking do. I so take out, I put my hands on, I'm put my hand on your thigh. Squeeze that motherfucker. Y'all real players. No but you ease your hand down there trying to touch on that motherfucker too. Shit. Boy stop I, I better not hear that word.


Stop no motherfucking mo in a good stop though. Consensually stop. Not what y'all thinking. Like when she say stop me, stop no that be bullshitting and playing and shit like don't be touching me in the car and shit. Bitch you horning wet and everything. You want it. I want it. I'll pull this motherfucker over on the side of the road and give it to you. Five. I don't really gonna smoke be 0.5. I'm smoking good homeboy calling me for his little old $50 nigga. I ain't got it. I didn't trick that off. I'm riding how she giggling and shit. She how contact you know what I'm saying? She gonna really know she gonna kill her. I'm riding through the hood like I'm trying to show off.


I'm riding through the hood trying to see who got warrants so I can call the police and tell I see 'em. You know I'm on some real detective type shit when I'm riding with my girl. We just ride man she loving me. I'm loving her. Got my hand there too. I'm rubbing on this bitch too 'cause she's still full. You know what I'm saying. Boy stop. I, I I got your sister 75 i I ain't wanna spend a hundred on I on dinner shit. If we fixing do good do first thing you wanna say bring my sister my kid back. We ain't gotta go there baby. We can go to my spot. You fucking with a boss my own spot.


You fucking with a boss. My mama at work. Come on over here. My mama at work. Nobody young. Come here bring over her mama house and work her ass out on the couch. Yeah I'm gonna do it on mama couch. She always don't want nobody to sit on the motherfucker. You didn't say nobody couldn't hump on him. Yeah my mama don't sit on my couch. Bitch you didn't say nobody couldn't hump on him. I'm me swearing this bitch out. Her lay front done swear mama juice everywhere from the now.


Wait. Talking about they good girlfriend bitch. Bitch I humped you on my mama good couch. Do you hear me? I gave you this sweet meat on mama's couch ass room. Smell like ass and Creed. Come on. Roll her ass out. But come for your mama ketchup. Mama is working a double shift. We can stay here till the goddamn cows come on tonight. I gotta get home. I got my, my sister shit I gave her 75 bitch for 12.


Shit that's for all night. You with me? I'm gonna lay up and hold you on mama couch for a little while. Shit if y'all watching this show then you already know I'm the one and you are too. Shit man I just had to vent. I'm sorry y'all got off track off the sports. I just had to vent. Get that outta my mind man. You women man y'all I start play y'all. Y'all messing up with some real men man. We, we really? We we love y'all man. Yeah we like that's what we do. We love y'all man.


Shit tri but you know tomorrow night NBA tap in with your boy? Yeah tap in with your boy after the Minnesota and Wolf. Timber Wolf played the Los Angeles Lakers. Y'all tap in right here. I'm going live man. I can't wait. You can't wait. New NBA season. I got the new commercial on TV with prize picks. God is good. No God is great. Nah G is a Mac. Same thing he doing for me. He'll do for you. All you got to do is apply yourself Smokey supply yourself baby gonna be some people that talk about you.


That's cool. Talk never hurt, never be some people proud of you. Gonna be some people. That's not number four. You block out the bullshit. Number five. You get to the money. Yeah you get to the money. That's your best revenge. Getting to the money, taking care of your love. All that other shit don't matter man. All that other shit don't matter. Don't get that. This world stretch you out to where you wanna commit suicide or, or take somebody. Don't let this world do that to you man. You're here for a reason. Love, enjoy your time on Earth man.


Don't make life more difficult than what it already is. Don't make live more difficult than it already is man. Life is a game. You gotta play it baby. Yeah sometimes you ain't dealt a good hand but god dammit you gotta play what you got. It might not be up today but tomorrow you could be up there. Yeah. Yeah you could be up there man. Yeah. Never let nobody tell you what you can and what you can't do. I heard it my whole life boy. You ain't gonna do nothing boy. You ain't gonna do boy you ain't gonna go nowhere.


I think differently like there was a time when people all they thought was in dogs, it was pit bulls. Them niggas didn't see them. Frenches coming. Them niggas didn't see them. Frenches coming. You see these shirts right now. My boy got some of the best killers in the world. Best dogs in the world. Best apparel in the world right here now. The Frenches done took over the game. Y'all know who I'm talking about. Young real Frenches. Y'all Bull Bulldog griggs them niggas, they dangerous them. Nigga got they dogs living with them.


Niggas got they dogs living better than how we living. Nigga dog got AC box fans Urban mattress and everything for them dogs. Them dogs look better than them niggas kids. We talking about 40, 50,000 dog. Freaky dog is a big, big business. I feel sorry for a woman dating a dog breeder. No niggas don't give a damn about nothing about it but them dog. You can talk about that nigga Mama. You can talk about this girl. You can sleep with this girl. But if you tell one of them rag lads nigga they dogs ain't full blooded nigga to fight it home.


If you take them lying, do it right here at night. Go them dog breed breed pages and get on there and tell me dogs ain't full of blood shit. Nigga gonna show you something he gonna show you so trash other day gonna Baker man may feel drain for coming out that first quarter. Scorch Didn't do nothing to rest the game. Yeah, you had 370 yard. Yeah you had three tees at toward the end of the game but the game was out in hand. Man, we already know gang was hopeful, you know what I'm saying? Them empty calories that you showing us you was doing nigga make you smoke progressive commercials though.


But you gonna be all right though. Y'all four and three, y'all gonna be all right. Tampa Bay Evans, I'm praying for you. Hopefully everything be all right with you. But Baker Mayfield with them two picks they hurt. So to Marlon fr two picks tonight on Baker Mayfield. He got his number. I don't know what he did, but Marlon Humphrey got Baker number. But yeah, tomorrow night we'll see y'all again. Yeah, I'm excited man. I might, I I I'm ready to go to bed man, like I'm going to school man. I can't wait to wake up knowing I got the NBA back Bron James the Goat. Hey the eyebrow goat Bron is gonna be the bench goat.


Damnit we going out way, way We going all the way. If I'm brother James and I'm not playing and I, and I and I'm not going to the G League is a blessing, but guess what? I'm gonna be the best goddamn bench player in the world. I'm gonna make sure everybody's seat warm. They got they water. I'm, I'm, I'm inspiration speeches. I'm up clapping, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm in every huddle. I'm doing everything I can. If I'm running, God damnit I'm gonna contribute one way or another. I might con not contributing points, but I'm gonna contribute and, and and energy and, and and, and and motivation.


I feel like Rhonda gonna cook too. Curry gonna cook. Dub ain't never on no Diddy oil. Never, never. Somebody say brung it 3.65. I take three point from BRUNG in six five. But they better be hard at house too. Whoever going up to their layup get dropped on they damn neck. Bernie can really be an force. I really see what LeBron gonna do, man. I really do. I really, I say the LeBron gonna average 25 points this year. 25, 6 and six.


What LeBron going average this year? Feel like 80 going average 28 and 1280 gonna average 28 and 12 ar gonna average 19 points a game. Dlo going, gimme 18 in a half points a game. This Sure. I feel like the Lakers somehow some way gonna be a playin team again. I ain't gonna lie to y'all, I ain't gonna go on this show and lie to y'all, man. I can't. I gotta keep it 100 on this damn show. We going to be a playin team again. Might not make the damn playoffs, man. We ain't do a motherfucking thing this summer. Sit around and look, sit around and went to every dispensary we could in LA The beaches ain't the same no more in la.


Them shorts ain't even coming up to shore. No damn more. I see y'all tomorrow, man. Peace. I'm out. Love y'all. The Volume,


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity fighting facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order and that makes us facet for life. Now, I guess visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.