
Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live The chumba Life Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community Development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington dc


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to OG Cool Rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit kelley blue bluebooks kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


The Volume. What's good everybody Welcome to the Bubble Tub Show, baby. Hey, hey man. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button and when you do those things for me, make sure you keep your notifications turned on. It's gonna be a crazy night. I got a ho Future Hall of Famer in the building. I'm gonna bring it my minute. Just hold. Hold your horses. I need all y'all to bring y'all big bang asses onto the bubble. Do show right now there. I know y'all just got through watching the Indiana Pacers beat up on the the broken down Milwaukee book.


Youngest room fight. Shoulda been fighting on the court. Big boy. You can't be putting no hands around nobody's neck and wanna talk to him. Out up nigga. Shit. Them boy from Indiana ain't playing that shit. Shout out to the Pacers. They band stole one. Yep, they got the Cleveland Cavalier next I think. Well, let me just say this right now. It's really a good season, but it's old. Don't get me wrong. I like, I like Halliburton. I like what they doing up there in Indiana. I like it. But Cleveland, they so different right now. See Span got Coco Jones come here. Them Spiderman got the woman of the year. If you ask me Coco waking up to Coco shit no car.


Do you hear me? If you watching this show Spiderman, because I know you rock with me. If you see there no car, I'm giving Coco Jones. What Shit won every family function and I'm done Mitchell, I'm pulling no business. Rock roll Roy Lamb again. I'm showing now if I'm Spiderman and she just dropped the o and B album Coco Jones, I'm going to buy a hundred thousand copies. Like Ma, come here, get you. Come here. I'm gonna spoil my boo. I'm gonna make sure my boot got the best. If I'm Donovan Mitchell, come here. Ain't bullshit. What y'all man? I'm feeling good these days.


Yep. Friday coming up. I'm down here in age time. Get the Toyota Center commute. I come a long way from the boy and grills. Goddammit. Come. Y'all come over here man. See what? What you talking my head? Be on the Beijing nickel head. Be on the Beijing spray. I'm telling you told my barber gonna put that much shit in my head. Shit. I, because I always go sleep when I get a haircut cut when I woke up, man, I had gallons of black pain in my damn head. Come on man. Come on man. Look how they doing? Your boy out here. I got a little money now. Y'all can't be ba me like this.


Put some Asian duck sauce or something on my damn forehead or something. But not this damn ba ain't shit. I'm sick of it and I'm sick of y'all talking about my damn. I'm tired of it. I'm the damn bey king. Look how brag I am right here and look at this dark ass shit. My heard they god damn black. Now come on now. I got some Mexican in me according to ancestry.com. I'm 33. I'm 30% Mexican. That's probably why I like to drink to keep, come here. Shout out there. Everybody on my live right now, man. Fucking kick this show out man. I fucking, we got a future hall of famer. We get ready to come on the show, man. I've been trying to get fam on here for a minute in case y'all don't know.


We both from east Texas, man. So, man, let me, what? Got further ado, man. Let me bring my, let me bring my fam in the building right quick, man. Hey, show him some love. Show him some other some love, man. Real talk P What it doing? Family? Hey, what's up man? How you doing man? Man, chilling man. They chilling. Yep. Hey man, You know it's big a nigga. We've been trying to link up for a nigga, man already. I know. Here we are. Here we are now. So let's, let's get straight to it. You know, we both, each Texas babies at the end of of the day, you come outta Palestine, Texas, bro. And I remember in high school just, You know, all we kept hearing was some guy and Palestine showing out. That's all we kept hearing A Peterson, Aon Kinson, bro.


And let's talk about it, man. Like when did You know p be real? Go bro. Like when did You know that you was special? Man? Honestly, at a young age, man. Like playing, playing little league football, growing up in east Texas, man, You know, you, you played backyard football all the time. That's what we did back in the day. Right. But once I got into that organized football and was able to do that, do the same things I was doing out there in the backyard, in on, in a different setting. Yeah. You know, a setting that was more organized is playing football, actual football. That's when I kind of knew, You know, after about a year, probably a year, I, I knew I was okay if I can keep this up, You know, I can, I I can make something happen.


And You know, you, you played track. You ran track too. I mean, You know. Yeah, I know you was great in football. Yeah. But You know. Yeah. See a lot of people don't know that though, You know, so people always ask me about the, the breakaway speed and all that. And I tell 'em shit, I ran, I ran track too growing up. You know, I was, I made it to state my junior year, ten two, six in the hundred, whoa. 10, You know? Yeah. Got second Aubry Williams, that boy was moving, You know, but he beat me in a hundred and a 200 my junior year. I ran 21, 2, 3, 20, 20 0.8 was my, my PR in the, in the two hundreds. So track was like my, like one beat, You know what I'm saying? That was my second love.


My sophomore year in high school. I actually almost, well, I had decided to stop playing ball. I was just gonna focus on, focus on track, You know? But my dad wasn't having that, You know, he was, Hey man, gotta make some happy. You gotta get back out there. That's what's up, man. Me, man. I was slow as fuck shit, shit to me. Never. I was running on 11 eight C season 11, 8, 8. I see track. Hell nah. I was, I I should just stuck. I should just stuck with baseball, man. I was pretty good in baseball, man. Yeah, yeah. That's the one thing I, he, I didn't get the chance to play, man. Like, You know, growing up in like, especially in Palestine, baseball wasn't something that a lot of kids were really into or You know, a lot of black kids.


Correct. Correct. You know what I'm saying? It was track football and that was, that was, that was pretty much it. You know what I'm saying? You might get out there and play a little soccer, but baseball was like, was like something foreign to us in the country, You know? But, but looking back, I wish I would've played too. Aw man. That's where the money at, goddamn baseball. Exactly. I told 'em the stepson the other day, damn football new. We playing baseball new. Exactly. I got my boys out there hitting and catching fly balls, as you should. But let's talk about it. East Texas, boy, you, you go to Oklahoma, You know, your freshman year. Freshman year in Oklahoma. Man, let's talk about it, man. What was that like for coming from Palestine all the way to Oklahoma and you're on campus now, man, you're in a different environment.


Like you're away from home. What was that like? Man, You know, I'll never forget getting dropped off. I actually got dropped. So I graduated on the Saturday from high school and then that Sunday my mom was dropping me off in Norman, Oklahoma, man, ironically, where my dad house was located, one of my neighbors, he, I mean him and his wife, they had like seven kids, You know, the mcgruder. And at this time when I was, when I was getting ready to go, go up to Oklahoma, he was a, a junior, a junior in, in college at Oklahoma.


He had transferred from Tennessee. But, so I got dropped off that Sunday. I got dropped off at his house, You know, it was like family, You know what I'm saying? And, You know, so getting there, You know, getting dropped off, getting dropped off there. And then he had this cat running, his name was Clint Gram from Longview, Texas, You know what I'm saying? Another cat from East Texas who shot. So it was, it was really, You know, hey, hey, to say by him of mom then, You know, and all that. But I was excited about the new journey or whatnot. But again, dropped off. It was just like, bam, I'm, I'm here now. I can finally embrace this new journey. And so getting again, set up and, You know, going on campus with the guys and obviously they were showing me around kind of, You know, giving me the feel of everything.


But the one thing that I had in my mind was going in and, and making a statement. You know what I'm saying? So, You know, coming out of high school, a number one recruit in the country, You know, my junior and senior year, I knew it was a lot that they were expecting from me, You know? And, and not only that, it's just my, it's always been my mentality to go out and, and, and, and grind. You know, I've always had the talent and I've known that. But the one thing that I have as well that a lot of people don't have is that work ethic. You know? So even with having the talent, I always say, I'm not gonna let nobody out work me. So from day one, when we got out there, man, for training and, and, and practice, I was on it, You know what I'm saying?


Gases, I'm winning all the gases. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to lift with the line and You know what I'm saying? I was always pushing myself to just to make sure these boys know, knew that I wasn't coming in to play. And you wasn't even expected to start though your freshman year in, okay. I mean, who was the coach? Bob Stoops with Bob Stoop Deco. Yeah, Bob, Bob Stoops was there. Yeah, he was there. So you, you come in really still a kid, really, honestly, you still a kid. You got a man's body, but you still a kid and, and you, you come in and you just, I mean, you started getting compared to Eric Dickerson. To Marcus Dupre, yeah. As a freshman, bro.


Like, I mean, I mean, you're doing great, you're doing your thing, but now your popularity starting to rise like in college. Like what was that like when you, I knew you was the man on college now. I mean, everybody looking at you different now, You know, it's, it's a, it's a lot of expectations on you now. How did, how did you deal with that or who you had in your circle to keep you, You know, humble as, as you are and well grounded? Who, who was that man to keep, You know, well grounded, You know? Yeah, so I had an uncle who went to the University of Texas and he were, I think it was like 98 through those years, like those years with Ricky, apple, white, RO Williams, all those guys, You know what I'm saying? So I had a lot of opportunity to, You know, he stayed in my ear about just being focused and staying on top of, You know, the grades and, You know, making sure I'm putting in the work and all that.


And then having my parents, You know, in my corner as well. My mom was always there. My dad, even though he was incarcerated, You know, he, You know, he, he, he made sure I stayed on straight and narrow, You know, and then I grew up with a big family, You know, so I got a lot of brothers and cousins and stuff like that. And for me it was like, I'm doing it for them as well, You know, so it always kept me. And then coming from the country, You know, like I came, we, I came from nothing, You know what I'm saying? We came from nothing. So, You know, being able to, You know, get to this platform that I had dreamed about a young age, You know, I was gonna do everything I could do to make sure I stayed, You know, handling my business and I was doing what I needed to do to accomplish that ultimate goal for sure.


So you go through college, you, you, you handle your business. It's draft day, draft coming up, you hurt your shoulder, I Think you had an injury with your shoulder, you fall to like number seven, right? Yep. Did, did that do anything to you mentally following number seven? I know it's just seven, but Yeah. Or did you wanna go higher? Did you wanna go number one? Yeah, in my mind I felt like I was the best player in the draft, You know? So of course, You know, that's where I wanted to go. I wanted to go number one, but I kind of understood the situation, You know, my, my junior year, so my freshman year had an incredible season. Went to national championship game, got broke down by UFC, unfortunately broke us down.


But the sophomore year I ended up having an injury. I sprained my ankle and I was out for like six, seven weeks, man, You know, it really hurt me. And then I came back my junior year and like week seven of the season, dove in the end zone, broke my collarbone, and I didn't come back and play again until we played Boise State and the Fiesta Bowl, You know. So during that time I was kind of contemplating, You know, what, what I was gonna do, You know, like bam had to, had to hop the grade three high ankle spring my sophomore year, miss eight games, and then my collar bone, if I come back, You know, it could be something that can be really, You know, way more detrimental, You know what I'm saying? So I'm just like, You know what, I'm gonna go ahead and shoot my shot and You know, go and declare for the, You know, for the league.


So, You know, going in, You know, everything, when I came back it, it was supposed to be healed, right? So I remember getting down to Arizona, API, it's a academy down there. A lot of guys was go train, You know, me, Marsha, and JaMarcus, Russell, Brady Quinn, like we were all down there, right? And Patrick Willis. And we was working out for about two weeks, man. And I just, my shoulder, it was just, it just kept bothering me. But I was big pressing, doing everything that I needed to do and everything. And I was just like, You know what, I'm just gonna get a checkout. Lemme go, lemme go get a checkup, right? So I went in to get X-rays done and the guy come back out and say, man, it's completely broke again.


Yeah, compound break. I'm just like, what? He was like, yeah. He was like, did you, do you remember particular play in the game where you felt it? And it was just like, You know, it was a lot of pain. And I was like, yeah, I did. I remember that happening in the game. And then honestly after the game, my neck kind of slow up, but then it subsided the next day. So I didn't really think too much of it, but within that play, I mean, when that play happened, I ended up breaking it again. You know what I'm saying? So that right there is kind of how the red flag, You know, kind of got put on me. And I think that kind of caused me to, to slip to number seven. But, You know, at the end of the day, once Detroit passed on me, which, You know, obviously Calvin Johnson was a, a animal, so they, they, they didn't really miss on that one at all.


And then I think at five Arizona had to pick, and I think they picked Levi, Levi, Levi Jones, Levi, something, whatever, you can't even remember his name. But then, You know, like, so I had a little short stint with, with Arizona and the big wells. Those, those guys always say like, man, if we can do that over again, You know, that was one mistake that we made that we regret. You know what I'm saying? Yo yo. Yeah. So at that point, You know, I kind of knew that, You know, once they picked them, I knew, I kind of figured that Eric, I mean that the bike kid was about pick me and then honestly I was just like, shoot, if I could slide up to number 10, You know, I wouldn't mind being in Hce town, You know what I'm saying?


Oh, for sure. Houston was number 10 and I doing that draft, You know, but You know, it all worked out, man. Yeah, I'm glad you didn't go to Hce town, man, shit. Hell nah. You went where you were supposed to go, but before we even get you, you going to Minnesota. Yeah. And You know, today they got their NIL money. What you think your NIL money would've been looking like? Honestly though, like, man, listen man, I, I would've made so much money, like so much money just to get to Oklahoma. And then you think about the freshman year that I had, I was sick, I, they robbed me for the Heisman trophy because back then they weren't given the he trophy to Yeah, the freshman, You know what I'm saying?


So helped my team get to the national championship. I was what, 25 yards away from 2000? You know what I'm saying? Like I coulda easily got about my four or five, I would say about four or five Easy. Yeah. Yeah, because he boys eating now he bo me ass for, he even step on the field ap. Like they, they, they multimillionaire before they even go to the NFL now, man, I think Shado was eating cam or was eating Archie Mangan, grand Boy Eden. I'm talking about big dog eating, man. Yeah. So the game has changed now and You know for sure, shit. I mean they make it, they make billions off y'all going to college and all this and that.


Y'all wasn't getting shit, but free meals and this, that, and the third So well per diem from time to something. Yeah, per diem. Yeah. Yeah. So you drafted, right? So let, let's, let's take the audience through like how the NFL works. You get drafted, when is, when, how soon do you get to Minnesota? Once, once you draft it? The next day. The next day. Okay. Yeah. They flying you down. They flying you down. How soon is y'all signing contracts that, that next day? So basically y'all millionaires really overnight per se. Yep. Yep. Depends on your, your draft pick and all this and that. That's for some people, bro. That's, You know what I'm saying, that even though getting drafted to the NFS live changing, but You know, really going from Z back then there wasn't no NIL.


So can't count your pocket. Don't know what you had, this, that, and the third. But I know if me, if I was in your position, I would've been getting on the hand money. That's just me. But I done been done, got caught, like CII was taking money nigga. I told you country boy I ain't used to money like that. So if somebody offered me something, I'm taking it. Yeah, I hear you. Except me. Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home.


Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase, community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington, DC. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admit it, they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti-man for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles.


Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places Get Into zone. AutoZone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, worried about your battery and the heat. We get it. You don't want to get stranded somewhere with a car that feels like an oven. We've got you covered at AutoZone. America's number one battery destination. Our free battery testing and charging service can help. And if you need a battery, we'll help you find a new one. No problem. Power through with free battery testing and charging at AutoZone. Get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions apply.


Now you got me, you in Minnesota. Ain't that many people in Minnesota. I don't even know. Is Ke, is Kevin Gordon there still in Olga when you get there? No, no. He, okay. So You know, it's just basically you, it just basically you in Minnesota you are rookie, you go into camp. What, what, what is the NFL life like, how was it different from college when you first get there? Like from the playbooks to XMI area stuff? Like what, what was the difference? Like Yeah, so it was, it was like a job man. Like, You know, college wasn't like a job, You know, it was like you got the class, You know, you, You know, you gotta go to your classes, then you gotta go workouts and you gotta practice, You know, more lax You know, per se.


More lax, You know, in the NFL it's like, okay, you dead by yourself. You know what I'm saying? Like, you gotta get up. You got that. It's some really like a nine to five. You know, you, if if if you the meeting starts at eight o'clock and you come in at 8 0 5, you probably gonna get hit by 10, 15. You know what I'm saying? No. Yeah. You know, like, yeah, they don't play, You know, it's like, hey, this is what we're paying you to do, let's make it happen. You know what I'm saying? So from that standpoint, it was more so of a business, a job as well. But You know, you loving the game, it's, it's, it's easy to to to go through that process. So, You know, that was a big change. And then, You know, just learning the playbook, You know, the playbook was very, You know, intensive.


It's, it's a, yeah, whatever the playbook was fucking me, You know, really broad with the terminology and You know, everything that came with it. Right. So just kinda really, you really had to dedicate that time and be focused on what you had to do. You know what I'm saying? Offensively fuck all that. Give me the ball. Yeah, it's run north and south, huh? Yeah, for real. But no, but really like, it was very, the, the playbook was very detailed, man, You know, very complex, You know. So just learning all the defensive schemes, You know, that you get in NFL, You know, the blocking assignments, You know, the routes and all that.


It really take time for you to sit there and study and be locked in. You know what I'm saying? So it was, it was a little easier process for me. 'cause I had Chester Taylor who was the writer back there at the time and You know, he really put me on his arms and, and You know, helped me out and kind of showed me, You know, hey, this is what it gonna take. This is the things that I do or whatever, whatever. You know what I'm saying? So, You know, for me, making that trend, that transition, it was a lot easier and a lot smoother because I had a lot of guys that that was looking out for me as well, You know. And then when I went in, it was tour days, tour a days, man, like train account, You know, nine o'clock, 10 o'clock, practice full pads, go to lunch, probably like an hour break.


You're right back into meetings. You're back out for practice food pass again. You know what I'm saying? So in the cva they end up changing that. So it's only one practice. It's been like that for, for a minute now, where it's only one practice and either in the morning or the afternoon you can have shoulder pads, you make full pads and then the other practice has to be like shells, You know? So that right there was like, when I tell you with a beast, it was different, man. I'm talking about going out there full pads. It, it's a big difference. Like guys that play ball, they know it's a big difference between having full pads on and even and just having shoulder pads on. It's like a different type of tempo. You know what I'm saying? So a lot of these youngster never really got the chance to experience that.


And I'm kind of glad, but they didn't get, get a chance to experience how I really was in the NFL back when I came out. Oh man, shit, I'm, I remember when I was playing football in high school, I remember them tour days, You know East Texas is 98, 99 degree weather out there. Yeah. They got us, like you say, running them gases and I damn coach. I know I ain't gonna even get in the game dog. Why am I even doing all this shit, man? Man, I was four foot tall, 70 pounds. I wasn't getting in no damn game. Why? I need to be in shape. Yeah. You going for the leagues? Yeah. Every time. Look real talk, man. We was, You know, back in East Texas, You know, if you was, let's say you was on, let's say if you was on varsity.


Yeah. But if you failed you would have to play jv. So we was playing a guy that was normally on varsity. He ended up failing. So he had to play JV that Thursday night when I was on jv. And this dude was bigger than you. He was real talk running back. Big sw motherfucker. I'm torn back, right? I'm 70 pounds. Oh God. In my witness, God in my witness, they gave him a sweep. That big motherfucker came my way. I got, I wait, say yeah, I make a decision. I hit that motherfucker. No. Oh, business decision. Huh? He add 375 Russian yards on the sheet. Y'all up, man.


Shity. He was older than us though, Pete. He was, he was already 19. Yeah. Bones was developed, our bones wasn't developed. The varsity started running back on JB J getting, but You know, he couldn't pass his grade so he had to, You know, come down that Thursday night. Yeah, man, I was mad at the motherfucker, man, ain't no way this guy put been playing against them and they beat us 75 to zero. That's Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. 75 to zero, man. Real talk. That's crazy. But also, You know, as that rookie, it's your rookie season. That nigga sober fam you ran for 296 yards fam. Yeah. Let's talk about it. What, what's, what's going through your mind as you doing this shit, bro? Like, like man, I'm running over these mother, like you doing the hit stick on Madden on these boys man, as a rookie, let's talk about it man.


You know, it started that that week, You know, 'cause I had that game circle because I was gonna be going against lt, You know what I'm saying? Ooh. I'm like, that's my, that's my guy right there. You know what I'm saying? Like, I done stole so many moves from him and just watching him and how, You know, him being from Waco and all that, I was just like, okay, I'm going against lt man. This the best spec in the league. I gotta, I gotta make sure I show up, You know? So I, You know, just grind and You know, we get to the game and that first half, man, there was like three to four plays where I was like, not patient enough or, You know, I just end up missing, missing a read.


Right. And I'm talking about these could have been big chunks, 40, 50, You know what I'm saying? And I remember going to the sideline and after those plays and You know, just talking to the officer line and like, Hey fellas, just keep doing what you're doing, man. Like, that was on me, You know, I'm, I'm a, You know, I'm gonna adjust woo woo woo, but just keep pressing. 'cause they was, it was plenty of work. And, and a lot of people don't know this, that, that game I had, we only had, I only had 40 yards rushing in the first half. Mm. Came out the second half and it was just like, everything just got rolling. Boom, boom. Just picking him up, picking him apart.


200 what? 200 like 50 something yards later, You know, end up, end up setting the record. But it, it was like, I was in a zone, it was like almost like a auto, You know, out of body experience, You know what I'm saying? Like, you get into that zone where I'm being patient. I'm so locked in that I'm, it's everything kind of felt like slow motion, You know? And then having big hudge, You know, big Brian McKinney, like I had some, Matt Bur I had some dogs in front of me. And then on the outside too, the receivers, You know what I'm saying? These guys was putting in work as well, You know. So who were your receivers? I had, I had Sidney Rice and Bernard Bar.


Yeah, they, they had to block because catching trash. I know you can't say it, but I'm gonna say it though. In college they were cold, You know, that's why I always say sometimes the, the college shit don't translate to the pro. So them niggas were receiver but they were blocking receivers and they give a hell of a job. No real thought. Gotta give them, they prop. They did what they were supposed to do block because they, they show wasn't catching shit. Yeah, yeah. They, they, they had to make a sacrifice, You know? For sure. For sure. Them boys nigga complain. But that was Sidney Rice. Oh that boy. Right. That was something serious though. Nah, he was, he was, yeah. But it was like just being in the zone, man. And just when I go back and watch that game again, you just see these guys just blocking, just blocking ass off, man, You know, down the field, You know what I'm saying?


They diving they guys' legs. So it was just the combination of, You know, the offensive line, staying true to it, You know what I'm saying? Me continue to press and really getting in sync with those guys and the guys out wide tight ends as well. You know, just really locking in understanding that, You know what, we gonna run a rock and that's what we're doing. It's working. We getting, we getting 5, 6, 8 a chunk. You know, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. You know, so it was, it was that type of game. When did it really hit you that this my goddamn team, You know, like, because You know, come on now, You know, you, You know, you said thing in your mind and your agent or whoever it was like this my God team, now this shit going through me. We need to get some big beef cow on this goddamn line.


God, it because we going to run the ball. When did You know that? What year was that? That was that, that was in year one, man. Yeah. Ooh. Yeah. Year one. Year one. Year one. You know, I realized that early. And You know, one thing I'm, I'm never, You know, had a problem with was having that confidence, You know what I'm saying? Because, You know, I could, it worked, You know, like I was able to realize at a young age that guy had blessed me with tremendous talent and then, You know, on top of that, you wasn't gonna outwork me. You know what I'm saying? So not only am am I the most talented guy on, on the field, but you not gonna outwork me. You know what I'm saying? Even if you felt I'm gonna be right there in your ass, You know, trying to get you every time.


So that's the mentality that I had. So when I went in, I came in with that same mentality, like, You know what, I'm gonna come in and, You know, I'm gonna be the best player on the team. I'm help this team show win a championship period. You know what I'm saying? So that was about four or five weeks, You know, I'm gonna say they finally got me in there, threw me in there, You know, as a starter. You know, I kind of felt in, You know, this is gonna be my team and You know, we're going, we gonna see, see what we can do. Now, now, now you say wasn't nobody gonna outwork you, but it also seems like wasn't nobody gonna hump you either. You got eight kids, ba damn boy, you pull out. Only, only time you pulling out was the driveway, wasn't you?


Bam. Saying I on the field, off the field, be fruitful, multiply man. Hey, ain't nothing. Hey, ain't ain't nothing wrong with it man. Ain't nothing wrong with man. Yeah. Yo having kids man. I got some dogs too though. I know you do. I if if if you instilling what's in you into them, oh my god, we, we we in for it man. And the kids man, we in for it bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then you just have a son run the hundred. I think I just see somebody running track. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I got two boys that's running right now. One of 'em runs for the Afterburners out here in, in, You know, the Missouri City area, Sugarland Pearl area, and then one runs for DBE.


You know, they kind of wanted to stay with their, You know, their friends or whatever. But my youngest one, he ran a, this last week he ran a 12, I mean a 13, 13, 3, 3, 2. And he's nine. This past week, this past weekend, they won a four by one first place, four by four, they got first place and then he got second in the 400. He ran a 1 0 3, 1 0 3 9. And that's, You know, something about track that's like, that's moving, You know what I'm saying? Like that's moving right there. The kid that beat him, like they go back and forth all the time throughout the season, You know what I'm saying? So I know actually he'll get, he'll get around to to, to beating him. And then my older son, he, they didn't, they didn't run a hundred this week.


He just ran the, the melody relay and then he did the, the four by the four by one relay. They did that. Yeah. Yeah. So they, they pulling in work, man, they grounded, You know, they, they, they understand, You know, Adrian, he's starting, he's starting to understand too. He's starting to develop, he's understanding their mindset and what it really takes to, You know, You know, when you have the expectations and you got these goals that you wanna reach. And he's understanding that your body can do some incredible things if you allow your mind to, You know, allow to, to get there, to push yourself there. Axel, he's like, oh, he comes after running a 1 0 3.


He's like, Hey dad, can I get my iPad now, bro, you, why you doing, why you wearing about your iPad man? You know what I'm saying? Like, You know, so he's developing that mindset, You know, as, as well. 'cause I see him working harder and You know, putting in that effort and not just listening to what I'm saying, You know, not just taking, allowing what I'm saying, to go in one ear out the other. I I see some things at a young age. So, You know, once he get around his brother age, he going to, he gonna be so special. Well, You know, I always say, I always hear other fathers say that, do they know who you really, they know your dad, but do they know who you really is and what you done like in, in the league? Like, because you, You know, you a future hall of famer, we know that.


But do they really know who pops really is like son, I'm that Niels and just not bullshit. Ain't so many people that's plague in the National Football league has done what you done. Like you do know this right? You the last nun quarterback to win MVP Yeah, yeah, yeah. East Texas. Yeah, east Texas from come on man. That's, that's just legendary shit right there, man. Dude I know from where I'm from around the way Adrian Peterson, man MVP football running back for Minnesota shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So the, the older ones know, You know, they, because Adrian, they they was right there in the mix.


Yeah. You know, so they get it. You know, my younger, You know, axle, my baby girl, she'll, she'll learn when she get older. He, he kinda understands, You know, I play football and You know, he see the videos and he always see people coming up to me wanting to, You know, get all, they have some pictures or whatnot, whatnot. But he don't really understand the full magnitude of, You know, like I was that and I was out there putting in that work. You know what I'm saying? Like he don't understand to that, to that standpoint. What, what squad you was on that you think y'all, that y'all think y'all could have, y'all could have done some with? Was it with, was Brett the quarterback then? You think that that was our year, man, 2009. That was it, bro.


You know, 2009 was our year. And the crazy thing about that game, we had seven, was it, we had six or seven turnovers, bro. Yep. I put the ball on the ground three times. I lost one of them. The one one, my, my first fumble, I think my boy fa who tahi ended up dropping on it. The second one flew out in front of me by 10, 15 meters. And that was probably, I mean, 15 yards. That was probably one of the best plays I've ever had in my career. 'cause I was down on my knees. I don't know how I got to that ball. And then you get a chance, you should just look that up. I don't know how I got it, but I did. It was like angels in the outfield. Like literally it was like that.


And I zoomed to the sucker. And then the third one, You know, I always, I I've always taken it and claimed it. But, and, and I'm still mad at the Vikings for even calling the play. Like we, we practice this go line play. I'm just like, man, let's stop trying to be pretty, You know what I'm saying? Get right there in the single back or put the fullback eye formation and let's come right downhill. We got in the wishbone, I'm down in three point stands, You know, we're down in three point stands and it was like a a off tackle play and far came out and put the ball on my shoulder, I mean on, on my, my ribs. And I started, it fell out. And I remember that.


I remember that, You know, we East Texas. Think about it. You somebody, you you watching and I had, I think I had to go to the restroom and come out and I got an uncle. He, he just negative. He just negative Pete. I said, I come back, I said, what's happened? He said, man, that motherfucker gonna rumble again. Just say, I say God damn, but that, that happens. That's the NFL man. You ain't the only one fu before bro. That that happens. Yeah, but it like, it's like you say, I mean to cut you off. It's, it's, it's, it's the mind frame you had from the very beginning bro. And I'm just wishing that these young players, young men or young leaguers that's in sports now, they, it is what you said earlier in the show, man, You know, you had the talent but you gotta put the work in.


Like you gotta work on your craft or you not gonna get better. Yeah. So with all that, that happened, all that, you overcame that, but you also overcame that toing ACL bro. Let's, let's, let's talk about the comeback from that. Like what in your mind that you have, I know you can have no doubt 'cause it's the way you are, but you hearing people say, is he done? Would he ever be the same? Did that drive you in training and this, that and the third? Yeah, that was definitely some of the driving force, You know, that added fuel to the fire. You know, I was already determined that, You know, I was gonna come back and be better than I was before.


And I tell people this all the time when that happened in Washington and You know, I, they took me off, they carried me off and then went to the, the locker room. My dad was actually there at the game and You know, he came into the locker room and they're doing the assessment, You know, checking out the leg and they, You know, the ACL is torn, You know, they moving around bam. The, the LCL is torn. They're just like, You know, God, You know, I already knew what that process was gonna be. You know, it's, they, it's, it is nine, 12 months they say. Right. And I remember in that moment just like, just asking God to gimme the strength.


You know, just gimme the strength to be able to overcome this, You know. And then my, in my mind and I told my dad and the trainers, I said, You know what? It is what it is. I said, there ain't nothing I can do about it. So I'm just gonna accept it for what it is. For what it is. And I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna be better than I was before. You know what I'm saying? And that's kind of how, You know, I just kind of programmed it in my mind. 'cause at that point it, it, it is what it is. What are you going to do now to come back and be better than you were before?


Four Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase, community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington, DC


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any per sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My Car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like, and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues with the free fix finder service. We can read a check engine, a, b, s or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder. Everything. You need nothing. You don't get into zone auto zone restrictions apply.


And then, You know, just going through that process, you hear people say, oh well, You know, we won't ever see the same agent Peter saying, You know, we done seen the last of them and You know, no guys come back from, You know, the ACL injury, especially when they care multiple ligaments and this, that another, and know, I'm just like, I don't know who you guys serve, but I serve a different guy and I could do all things through Christ tr me. That's, that's, that's one thing I know I seen, I know doctors in front of me, You know what I'm saying? Like, and I, he done gave me the strength to be here, You know what I'm saying? Gave my mom the strength to be able to overcome and, and, and, and, You know, and all that. Oh, this, this is gonna be nothing. You know? So for me, I just had that same mindset like, You know what, I'm gonna grind.


I'm gonna do whatever, You know, whatever I need to do. The doctor say, well it's gonna take you, You know, three to four weeks before you're able to lift your leg up. You know this. After I came outta surgery and I woke up talking to the doctor to kind of get an, an update of whatever he did. And, and I, my first question I asked him was, Hey, so when would I be able to, You know, start, You know, doing some simple exercises like moving my leg, just kind of getting my mobility back in the leg. He was like, well it's gonna be about three or four weeks before you to do that, You know, because the muscles gonna shut down and all that because of the surgery. And I left my leg up then I said like this, he like, oh, well, You know, You know, we don't want you doing too much. Just that other, You know, well I'm just like, You know, let's go, You know, it's time to go ahead and get this process started.


You know, so that's the mindset that I approached through with, through every phase of that, of that recovery. You know, anybody that had any type of ACL injury or a knee injury, You know about the, the one of the hardest parts is like getting your flexion back, You know, 90 degrees, You know, being able, being that leg. 'cause that leg is stuck like that, You know what I'm saying? You gotta be able to bend it and really get that 90 degree back, but then your full extension as well. Whew. I wouldn't wish that pain on my worst, my worst enemy, You know what I'm saying? But You know, it is one of those moments where I just had to, just throughout that process of getting that range back, I just dig down deep, man. I, I'm telling you, I'm just like, keep going, keep going, keep going.


I just kept pressing myself, pressing myself. 'cause I knew, You know, that was one of the most important keys, making sure I got my 90 back and that full extension so I wouldn't be walking a lump, You know, and I can have, You know, I can just be back to normal. And then, You know, once I got that back, now I'm at the point where, You know, I'm able to get on a bike and I ride a bike. I just ride a bike for an hour, two hours. Just 'cause this is what I can do to strengthen my core, I mean to strengthen my, my quads, my glutes, You know what I'm saying? My core as well then shoot, You know, y'all want me to be on for 45 minutes to an hour, You know, I'm gonna go an hour and a half too. You know. So it was a lot of things that people didn't see, You know, and they, You know, they, when they come back and say, I don't know how you did that, man.


Like that was incredible for you to come back and do, You know, do the things that you did on that field after tenure, ECL and LCL in. But they don't see the grind, You know, they don't see the blood, sweat and tears and, You know, the, the countless always, I was just up in bed just lifting my leg, You know what I'm saying? Flex, You know, getting my flexibility back, making sure I stayed on top of it, You know, with my stem machine on, You know, making sure I'm doing extra reps and all that. And, You know, it was a, it was a process, You know. And I had, and during that time I lost a lot of weight, man. I got down to like 1 95 and when I left college, when I left for college, I was what, 2 0 5, 2 0 8. And then once I got to the NFL, I was probably like, by two 17, I fluctuated between two 17 and two 20.


So I had dropped dang that 30 pounds, You know what I'm saying? And so getting on that regimen as far as having the right team around you, the right supporting, You know, cast. 'cause I didn't do all my recovery in, in Minnesota. I came back to the h came back to the, the eight, hooked up with Russ Payne, my boy James Cooper over at our gym or athletic. And I had, and what, what was her name, man, it wasn't Tiffany Tisdale, it wasn't her. But I had a chef who was, who was doing meal preps for me, You know what I'm saying? Made sure I got my, You know, the right thing as I needed to help with recovery and get, get, get my weight back where I needed to be. And I'm telling you, man, by the time I got down to training camp, the boy was like, Hey man, You know, we wasn't expecting this, but what we going to do is we just gonna put you on the side.


I'm like, man, I'm ready to, I'm ready to go practice now. They weren't trying to hear none of that. They was say, okay, we, we see what you can do, but we just going play, we going just play it, You know, play it safe, how feel if you want to keep training and working out on the side for the next two weeks, then you just go ahead and do that. So I was like, all right, cool. That just gave me more time to grind and, You know, a different type of mode than training count. So I did that for about two weeks. And then once I got in there, man, it was, it was that goal that I told myself I gave, i i, that goal that I had set to be walking out that tunnel, You know, week one, You know, it, it, it came, I seen myself, You know, can announce and I'm the last one.


I see all the smoke, they announcing all the other guys. And then, You know, it's my turn to walk into the tunnel and I just see the smoke and I'm just like, You know what I'm saying? And people went, while I do that, I'm giving praise, You know what I'm saying? To the most high. Because, You know, eight months ago I was in a, I was in, I was in a position where people were saying, oh, he's not gonna come back and be the same. He's gonna, You know, this might be the end of his career, blabla bla. But You know, and and throughout that process, I, I kept talking about, You know, I got, I got a higher power just watching them with me. You know what I'm saying? I believe in the higher power. So I'm, I'm gonna show you guys what it's about. So to be able to come out and run through that tunnel, man, it was, it, it goes to show, You know, when you believe you have faith and you put that work in, you gotta accomplish anything you put your mind to.


You present through the storm like King Arthur through the great Yep. And then this too. And I, so he, this, I ended up eight yards short of the all time record, You know, Russian single, single season Russian record in my mind. Whether I I have that status or not, I broke it in my mind. Like I, I I, I actually crushed it in my mind, You know what I'm saying? Being a yard short coming off the ACL, they still worked me in that season as well, You know what I'm saying? Took me out third quarter when you was beating boys in, You know what I'm saying? So in my mind it was just like, like I, I, I, I crushed the record, You know what I'm saying?


So I've always had that mentality since, You know, since that year. You know what I'm saying? But I feel like, You know, God just put me in a position to show what he was really about. Man, God is, I talk about it all the time myself, man, God is great, bro. Like, and I don't judge people who don't believe in him, but I do. And I know what the good Lord can do, man. I know what prayer can do. And man, you had some praying people around you. 'cause typically back then when you, when that happened to you, most running backs or receivers, whoever that happened to that people career was, is pretty much over. Yeah. Yeah. And what you did, you came back a remarkable season. Eight yards shy of Eric Dickerson who holds the in F NFL record.


Now shout out the ad, but that boy be hating that boy, that boy don't want nobody to get that ruck. I was mad at the Eagles for not letting Saco get it, man. Like, You know what I'm saying? Let's go here. That's what Ruckles are meant to be broken. Let's break 'em, man. Yeah. But You know, it is what it is. He still the legal of it. Shout out to him. You know, he went to, You know, I think he's from Texas too, by the way. Yeah, yeah. Even for Sealy, Texas. Okay. With, with a SU ed. Okay. He, You know what he cool people though, bro. Like, he cool. Both of y'all tall. Y'all both lanky, man, I like when I first met you, I ain't know you was that tall. You like at least 6 2, 6 3. Yeah. Nigga, like, like, like for the people that's watching, I don't know if y'all ever make met Sson bro, but dude got muscles in his eyebrows, dog.


This real man. I'm serious man. So, quick question. Do you dip Grizzly or Copenhagen? Which one? Grizzly. No, Rick. I used to dip Grizzly too, so. Yeah. Yep. Hey, Grizz, Riz and Winter Green? Yes sir. So, so you was dipping during the games too as well? Yep, yep, yep. I took 'em out majority of time when I got on the field, but sometimes I had added in there. What like, okay, because You know, these, these some myth, but we gonna get down to it. What was your 40, 40 yard time? 40 yard dash time? 4 3, 2 4. Three two. What was you benching? I was benching, You know, 4 25, 4 35 squat.


Well, I squad was right by four 80. Oh. I mean, I mean five 80, I'm tripping. Five 80. Ah, god damn. Four, five was that, that was like, You know, I'm gonna get 12 to 15 reps in that. Yeah. Yeah. How often was you working out though? Let's be, I Think you, I Think you was a lab rat to be honest. Yeah. So, and when I got in the NFL, I was working out, what, three by three times a week, You know, but I did the bulk of my work, You know, Monday and Tuesday. 'cause Wednesday the install kind of favor, like the receivers and all that. So, You know, and Tuesday is, is the off day in the league, You know what I'm saying? So Monday I should come in, even after the game and do my squats, flush my body, You know, four or five, You know what I'm saying?


4 45 on, on the squats. And, and I don't believe in, I never believed in reps of four to six. You know, I was always 10 to 12, You know, 10 to 15, those type of reps. And so that first part of the week I would push my body, do all my rehab, the cold tub and all that, and shoot, get my conditioning in and then I'll be ready to roll by. By the time Sunday came around, the hardest hit you ever took, who delivered it? The hardest hit I ever took. Brian Dawkins. Ooh Eagles, Brian Dawkins, man. It was the in, it was inside zone play. Boom, I bounced, got back up up the field and got tripped going through the hole.


And as I, I'm looking down, I'm looking up the field, that nigga was coming and, and I feel like fits with my head down. He hit me so hard and my back, bro, like when I tell you my, my back neck area, he hit me so hard and he was just like, whoa. You know, he's so, he knew he had got a good one on me too. Dang. That's probably the only time I, I literally like felt a hit and was just like, damn, like that ain't even hit me hard in the mug. You know what I'm saying? I got up, I was mad at Brian Dunkers for a minute after that. Like I thought, I was like, You know, that was a dirty hit 'cause I was already falling. You have to do all that, You know what I'm saying?


I was going down, bro. You know what I'm saying? But it was a playoff game and, and just watching him and, and understanding how he played, I would've did the same thing. He had the same mentality. He was just a defensive player and I would've did the same thing. I would've came down just like he did and made you pay for it. You know what I'm saying? So it was Brian Dawkin and then Sean Rogers got me one time when we was down in Detroit. Mm. And I broke and I bounced outside and I think it was a cornerback that was coming in that was coming down pursuing me. And I cut back to the left trying to jump cut boom. And Big Sean Rogers, he dang up 400 pounds, You know, while he was playing.


He was about three 50 and he was, he was. And he, he was a fast guy though, so he was pursuing the ball and I just cut back and he just, I was talking about hit the dog, the crap outta me man to dropped me down on my, just dropped me. And I remember getting up like I was ready to fight, You know? And I turned around, I seen big show and I was like, okay, let go and take, take my butt back to this house, back to the hole real quickly. This big boy low. But those probably like the only two that I really felt like that. What team? You knew that they wasn't gonna let you get, do your thing. You hate playing, you just knew they wasn't gonna let you do you like Yeah, no matter what, surprisingly, man, it was the coachs man.


Like, and still to this day, the coachs always, they, it's like they, they got a style of defense that they play and the style of players that they like, You know what I'm saying? Like they always got an agile defensive line, You know what I'm saying? And some, some smaller linebackers normally and, but they fly to the ball man. They fly to the ball. And that was the one team that always was on me, man. Like, I never understood it 'cause it was like, You know, they weren't make it in tune Super Bowls or anything like that, but that defense was always fired, man. Like they always had athletic guys up front. And I think that's what made it, that made it made it hard, hard when, when we played against those guys.


But I would say to them, You know, it was always, and still even still to this day, you look at, you look at 'em, they got guys, they probably had two 80, You know what I'm saying? 2, 7, 5, You know, and they're agile, athletic, defensive linemen and linebackers. Who the biggest trash talker man. What was this cat name? Man? I think it was, was it Daniels? I think that was his name. Played for Green Bay man. Defensive. Defensive tackle. Can't think of his first name right now. But he talked so much trash man. He, he was the only one that that made me open my mouth to talk. Like, because normally I'm just, I'm like a assassin out there and I don't say nothing. I'm just going out there, you hit me, I'm gonna come back and I'm coming back. The same intensity, right?


Yeah. Yeah. But he was the one that always kind of brought it out me where I was kind of, You know, jaw back and You know, talk shit to him or whatnot. But I can't think of his first name. But he was a D tackle and he was Daniel, his name, his last name was Daniels, played for, played for Green Bay. He was all right. Did you, did you ever get to face Mike Vick in his prime? Nah man. Nah, nah. Not in his prime, man. I wish I would've been awesome to sit there. I would've been cake on, on the sideline taking the needle dude man, why up? Oh man. Yeah, Vic was must see TV man. We were just having an argument, man. I ain't gonna say an argument, but a conversation.


And it was, who was more electric? Was it primetime or was it Mike Vick? Like, like who would you pay your last $2 to see perform? Was it Dion or was it Mike Vick. But we do know Mike Vick always had the ball in his hands. Yeah, I say a whole lot more than what Prime did. But I just remember the aura Mike Vick had bro. And You know, Dion had his own Atlanta wave, but it was something about that Mike Vick wave bro with just, just, oh yeah, different man. It was different. It was different. It was different. I think that fact along with him having the ball in his hand, You know, a hundred percent of the time offensively, You know, it's kind of hard to pick Dionne and Dionne, my, my all time favorite player, You know.


But it's kinda hard to, to pick Dion over over Vic from that standpoint. You remember that? Because you remember that Nike commercial bow where they had like the simulation where the, the ride and all that, that Vic was some serious man and had a cannon, You know what I'm saying? Threw that thing. You got that thing 60 feet, seven feet, You know, off of one foot and just so elusive. And he was just, he was something different man. Best quarterback you faced. Best quarterback. I faced Tom Brady. What was that like? Remarkable. You know, just seeing the precision on this ball, You know what I'm saying? Just watching him. 'cause I used to sit back and just watch him, You know what I'm saying?


Like the, like I didn't really, I look at the, how the phones came out a lot of the times, but You know, just watching him and seeing how, where his eyes were, how the things that he was looking at, You know, really kind of dialed in to him and his decision making and it was like, bar none man. You know? And it was only a couple other guys that I seen do it on that level. You know, drew Green, You know, Peyton Manning, You know, those, those type of guys. But watching him operating, man, it was, it was special man. Like, just seeing the zip on his ball and just the confidence that he had in his arm to get the ball there, You know what I'm saying? So it was, it was pretty spectacular to experience.


So you played with another hall of Fame of Brett fbe was f was, was fbe Bobby, Karen up there back then with y'all? If he did, he didn't back me over there. It wasn't surprised me, You know, but, but that, but they talk about he had a canyon though. Did you ever see him breaking any receiver fingers or something? Or they tell him to calm it down, man, it was at 40, right? So we had, we was at practice, man. And I had like a little a five by five, You know, was it, it was a five by five, three by three little route outside sit route or whatever. And a receiver was running a route behind me and he threw the ball and I obviously, I, I knew the ball wasn't to me 'cause it would've been right on me, right?


So, but I could have like reached over and grabbed it, right? But he threw the ball past me and that was the first time I ever heard from the ball bro. Like, it blew my mind. And I was just like, this dude, 40 years old man. And this the first time I've heard the ball, You know, win, go over my ear when the ball is strong. But, but the crazy thing is even at, at 40, like, and even at practice, and this is why I got a lot of respect for him because I was the same way, You know what I'm saying? He wasn't, he wasn't out there just, You know, just loing the ball. Just like with this practice spook, he was acting like it was the game.


You know what I'm saying? That was the same way I practiced. You asked anybody that played with me, any team that I played with, even a walk through, I'm in there think boop, boop, boop. Like I was always a hundred miles per hour and Bob was the same way. You know what I'm saying? Every throw he was throwing like it was the game man. So, You know, I had a lot, I had a lot of respect for him. Even more so after that.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase, community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington, DC


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing their original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like, and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues with the free fix finder service. We can read a check engine, a, b, s or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix binder. Everything. You need nothing. You don't get the zone Auto Zone restrictions apply.


How do you feel about now the game now where the running back position is, is well since Saquon did what he did last year, but it it is, it's been watered down. How, how do you feel about that now? About the verdict? Yeah, You know, I feel like those guys like Saquon, You know, you got Henry, you got Jacob, You know, you got, You know, Joe Mixon down here did his thing, You know, this year as well. And You know, so there's some up and coming guys too who are going to, You know, revamp it. You know what I'm saying? The boys in Detroit, they nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Exactly, exactly. So I think the, this, this core right here, this group is going to make 'em put some respect back on our name, You know what I'm saying?


Because you see what these guys were able to do, we almost had two running backs hit 2000, You know, Derrick Henry was, was, was right there, You know what I'm saying? About 34 yards off, You know? So, and then the one thing that always stayed true is when it comes to the playoff time, You know, they start hitting that rock off, rock off. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They start hitting that rock, that rock off a lot. But You know, I Think you kind of, You know, it's a, it's a national football league, right? So you go, you gonna go through different periods where, You know, they might try to devalue the running back, but I feel like the guys before who has who, who motivated these guys, who inspired these guys to play the game, the way that they play is gonna continue to inspire kids to do it that way.


So they'll never be able to, to water us down or diminish what, You know, a truth right back is able to do. You know what I'm saying? And, and it doesn't have to be run back by committee when it, when it, when it's all over said and done, You know, what you've done is what you've done in your NFL career. Do you have any regrets in the game? Any regrets? Do you feel like you could have done something different in the, when you was playing the game? One, only one regret I really have. Honestly, it was 2015.


Was it 2015? Two? Oh yeah, I think it was 2015 that last year. We played outside this before we playing at TGF Stadium, university of Minnesota. And we played Seattle Seahawks in the playoffs, wild court game. And we were down, I wanna say maybe by a point, I think it was down by one and we had, we were down on the goal line. It was maybe not the goal line, it was like on the eight yard line or whatnot. And of course they know they were running the ball, right? So bam, I get tackle boom and the third down come up and it was an inside zone play.


And in my mind I'm like, we in field goal range. Let me protect the ball, let me try to get as much as I can and then we gonna kick this field goal and You know, the game gonna be over. You know what I'm saying? I regret that because when I got the handoff, I hit, I hit the hole and for a split second, that's all it took a split second. I could have boom bounced and just ran outside to the power line and was using my speed and, and and, and got the touchdown, You know what I'm saying? But that, that second had happened so fast and I was so locked in on boom, let me just, not sure I do too much. Let me just sit there for the field goal. Boom. So I I ended up just kind of bam, cramming it in and then they brought the field goal unit out and this neighborhood missed the field goal.


What was that like? What was going be honest fam like did anybody on the team say something to him though? Oh yeah, we had some jab, boy. Oh yeah, without a doubt. It was like, and not only that, what what even hurt even more than that nigga. It was, it was so cold out there. It was one of the coldest games in NFL history, like top five. So the fight through that game and for it to come down to a game winning field goal, a extra point kick and you missed the field goal. Boy's ready, bull boy ready to fight that dude. Man, boy ready told him because I, I wouldn't have been in the game no way.


So I would've gotten off. I tied my hand soon we gotten out, I'm throwing these bitches on him. Real thought shit, y'all gonna keep me on the team because I can handle business. God damnit shit like that, shit like that bro. Because I, but I, because I respect the game, I talk a lot of shit, but I respect the game. I know how hard it is to get to the playoffs. I know how hard it is to get to a Super Bowl. I hearing different stories, this and that, but shit like that can't happen bro. You got a job to do. Just put, kick the ball. That's all you got to do. I can you, like you say you done crammed it up and nothing, you got him in position. All you gotta do come through, kick it. We going home, we celebrate you drinking, bro, you dipping, stole, you making more babies, you're doing all that.


You know what I'm saying? This motherfucker ran him, decide to miss the key. I'm jumping on him man. I'm sorry, I'm jumping on him. Yeah, that it was, it was devastating man. It was, it was devastating And, and even more so for me because I, I knew within that split second me hesitating and not taking it. I'm just like, I look back at that, I'm like damn, You know, I coulda, if I just wouldn't hesitated, bam, I coulda just bam take it out there, You know? 'cause the NFL bam, just like that. It is o open and closed and had I just went with it, You know, it's a different storyline, You know what I'm saying? So that's my only regret. What do you, what do you rank yourself among the greats? Be honest. I know how you, I know you, you always give everybody else they praise, but today we giving you your praise.


We giving you your flowers while you can smell 'em. 'cause you can't do shit with 'em when you gone. Yeah. But what, what do you rank yourself at when you hear the Emmy Smiths? So Walter Payton, LaDainian, Thomason's, those type of players. Eric Dickerson, OJ Simpson. Yeah. Yeah. What do, what do you rank yourself? You know, personally with within my, my mind, You know, I, I rank myself as, as the best. And this is why I say that. I say that because, You know, I feel like you can be the best in so many different categories, right? Take for instance Barry Sanders, right?


I don't think, and You know, anything is possible of course, but I don't think we'll see another running back that would be as elusive as Barry Sanders was. You know, look, I, I still haven't seen, the only thing, the closest thing right now is saquon when you talking about picking up yards and, and gaining yards, You know, and making people miss, You know, woo. Who, You know, he's so dynamic, right? I feel like when it comes to having speed, power, vision, awareness, instinct, You know, I feel like me and Walter Payton were those type of guys, You know what I'm saying?


Bo Jackson was that type of guy, You know, obviously he, his career was shortened 'cause of the injury. But I feel like we were those type of guys that you just never knew, You know, where we were going to end up with the ball, but we gonna do it before. We're gonna run over you, we're gonna run through you, we're gonna run by you, You know, we're gonna jump over you. Like we would, we just have a totally different style, You know what I'm saying? Totally different style of of play and, and then a totally different mentality as well. So when it comes to that type of running back, I feel like I was the best to do it because I watched the guys before me, the, You know, the Eric Campbells, You know, the, the Walter Payton, You know, these guys who and inspired me, You know, LT to play the game the way that I played.


And I've always had the mindset to be the best to ever do it. You know, that's why when people come up to me and be like, Hey man, I don't care what nobody say, You know, you the best, You know what I'm saying? Had had, had you not got hurt or had you not missed that one year or, or You know, things just kind of played out a different way. Shoot, you, you right up there with ETT when it comes to i when you right up there with with yeah. With ett when it comes to the yards, You know what I'm saying? So I understand the dyna dynamic of how my career went and I understand how it could have went, You know what I'm saying? And I'm okay with that. It is what it is. Everything happened for a reason. But when it comes to, You know, just the running back position and what I brought to the game, You know, I I personally feel like I was the best.


That's the mentality I've always, I've always had and played with. I love that mentality 'cause I feel like I apply that to what I do in this comedy game, bro. Like, you gotta think that way. You can't think no other way. Like, and for you to say that coming from East Texas and for your name to be mentioned with the Emmett Smith, the Walter Page bros like salute that. Like, that's, that's, that's legendary shit bro. Rush over 2000 yards. My g like that's, that's, that's unheard of. Ain't too many players ever dealt as what, five, 10 players ever rush for 10 thou 2000 yards. Yeah. Like 10 to 10. It's not, it haven't been that many.


I think Chris Johnson, he was on the list too as well, dude from the Titan I got. But for you to be able to do what you done bro. To, to what you are now bro is anything you, you would like to say to a young man that's in the game right now, man. Anything, anything you would like to say to him, let him know. Yeah man, I would say this, man, You know, I don't care who's in your corner. I don't care who, who, who's working against you or who or who's believing in you. You got your game plan in order and you put that work in because you gotta understand, you get out what you put in, you put in mediocre work, you gonna get mediocre results.


You put in that grind and you set your standard, your bar high, and you believe that you can accomplish what it is that you set forth for yourself. You know, write those things down. Make it known, You know what I'm saying? I, I I, I got goals right now. This on, on this, on this, this mirror right here by seven of them, those sticky tabs, things that I wanna accomplish still to this day. And I'm, I'm out of football but every day I get up, whether I'm thinking about it or not, my eyes goes open, my eye go, my eyes goes over to that mirror and I see it. So it's like bam, because let's go. You know what I'm saying? I program myself to that. So you gotta understand, You know, that's the approach to the mindset you gotta have. And then you attach to that the number one ingredient is understanding that you can do all things through Christ who strengthens you.


No one else can. No one else have to believe in you. Not your mama, not your dad, your grandma, your cousin, sister's, girlfriend, wife. No one else has to believe in you. As long as you believe in yourself and you put that work in, you gonna see the truth of your labor. You, you're going to see it. It's a way where we're designed that way. We're we're designed that way no matter who else. Believe me, you believe in yourself, you write down what you're trying to accomplish and you put that work in, you will accomplish it. Alright. I like that. That's, that's, that's the motto I always try to tell my people, my fans is watch this show especially coming from me and you come from bro, it ain't too many of us that make it out and You know, you, you what you done can't even fathom no shit like that bro.


But where I'm from, You know, it's either, either you, you sell dope or you own dope. And I always tell people where I'm from, if you got a chance to move around or get out, move around man. And don't be, don't worry about what people say about you man. They, they gonna talk man. Like I'm dealing with that shit now bro. It's like I'm successful because I'm in the aluminum the fuck out here man. Come on man. Like hard work gets you here. God gets you here man. Like nobody's going to give you shit. You got to go out and take it. You every chance you get. Any chance I ever got a, I'm putting it in they motherfucking face like nigga I'm him like I do all this laughing, joking on these big yo that's cool but I really do this shit when I get on this stage, I'm gonna show my ass.


I'm gonna show you why people follow me and rock with me because it, that just what it is. I won't, I won't be mentioned with the, with with the big dogs because why? Because I want, because where I'm from bro, we don't have a lot of money and your name is all you got. So I want to leave that with the people man. I'm trying to be the best I can always be. You know everybody ain't gonna like it. We get it. Everybody ain't like that's that what make the world what it is down. Everybody ain't gonna like you ain't that you ain't done something to somebody against the way the world is. But I tell people man fuck what people say 'cause what they eat don't make me shit. So I don't know what they say. Long as my real fans that's on here right now rocking with me.


That's, I only care about who rocking with me. I don't give a damn about what nobody else saying 'cause that shit ain't stopping nothing. I got going over here. Exactly that got going. So yeah I get it bro. I hear the people talking about you. I don't give a fuck about negativity. It's all about the positive. This man came out in East Texas Hall of Fame motherfucking running back mentioned with the Barry Sandal mentioned with the Walter Paytons, Eric Dickson. That's the top of the top. If you was in the safari you'll be a top line. You one with the big main, you have all hundreds springs. That's shoe you just like in real life you got about eight right now.


But I'm just saying I believe in giving people they credit while they are here Bro I don't appreciate that tier one. Huh? On Hey man, on the positivity side, this is what we do. Me and my fans, we love you bro. We appreciate you for coming on this show man. Taking time out your business schedule. We appreciate it and it's all good man. Hey let, hey, lemme say one thing man, 'cause I was gonna say this too. And you, you hit, you hit it right on the head so I, I'm just gonna say this, You know people are always have something to say, right? Like always and You know, throughout my career and just life in general now I still hear, I still hear you gotta be able to block that out and just continue to press forward. And this is what I always tell, tell my boys and my kids, I said think about it from this perspective.


Yah, Yahweh, Jesus, whatever you wanna call it, he walked this earth perfect no sin and they beat him. When people hear they hear beat, they don't understand the the magnitude that he got beat. His skin was hanging off his body crucified him, no sins talked about him. Who are we not to be persecuted? Like who, who are we not to have to deal with it? You know what I'm saying? Like who are we? So for me, You know, I'm human, don't get me wrong, but at the end of the day we built for this, we built, we built he enough to give you more than you can bear. You know what I'm saying? So You know, I just wanna kind of throw that in there 'cause I forgot to mention that for sure.


You know what I'm saying to the youngsters. 'cause you gotta be, be able to understand it. You built for anything that comes your way. Hey man, that's a word for the day. We appreciate you bro. Thank you for coming onto the bubble. Do so we gotta get you on again fam real talk. Yeah, we're gonna make it happen. I appreciate it man. Blessings. Thank you. Oh already? Yes sir. Hey man, I told y'all I was gonna give a legend on the show. Shout out to Adrian Petersons from coming on my show in case y'all gonna know for people just tuning in man. He from East Texas, from Palestine, Texas. I'm from Alto, Texas. We about 35 minutes apart and man to, to, to see what this man has has done and what he's become is truly amazing man.


You know, we as a people, You know we always wanna focus on the negative of what people got going on in their life, but that's they life. That's they personal life. I always like to commend the people what they done on the field or on the corgi on the diamond or whatever it is. And what Adrian Peterson has done on that NFL GR grid earn. He's a motherfucking hall of famer. First, first, first ballet. Ain't no doubt about it. So me personally, I just wanna thank him from coming onto to the show for the people that just tuning in.


In case you don't know this show being presented by prospects downloaded, use my promo code trash with the two H's. It's more or less on your favorite player over there. And if you need help, hit me up. If you need help with pics, hit me up. I send you my, some of my pics. I ain't been winning lately but I send you some of my pictures and if you can't watch me, listen to me on Apple Podcast, Spotify type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom. Damn. Any questions? Any questions? Y'all talk to me. I'm in the chat. Let's chop it up.


I never bad mouth anybody that come on my show bro. They just not what I'm about. They just not what I do. I believe in giving people they flowers bro. We all human, we all make mistakes. We all go through things. I know some of the things y'all probably want me to say and bring up but we know that like why, why continue to bring that up? We, You know, we not gonna focus on the negative, we gonna focus on the positivity over here on this bubble dub show. I I, I got a phone call earlier. Barbara Lynn want me to come over to her house and goddamn watch DVDs. I'm not watching no goddamn DVDs. Who watched DVDs in 2025. Never goddamn house smell like this vapor rub and pop roast.


I'm not coming over night Lynn. I got one in hell she come on and Shea make me feel like I'm in heaven. I go barbering. I'm over there for a whole, I don't all that. I like going to these section they houses for by 30, 45 years dropping off this ger me and yell when you go. So how you gotta spend the night? Lene don't play tipping in tipping that shit once you go over there, you in for the night, not with these holes. Go over there, knock down this hole, go over there and knock down that hole. That's what I'm going do. Don't I'm knocked coming over there.


They wrong with you. She gonna raise her ball. Me. You been coming over. I ain't this time. Hope I ain't this goddamn time I'm handling business.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington. DC


Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rug sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota let's go places.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like do do and sometimes it's like Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service we can read a check engine a, b, s or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder. Everything. You need nothing. You don't get into zone auto zone restrictions apply.


And another thing, don't nobody in the world have a worse memory than a motherfucker that owe you money. Do you me a motherfucker who owe you money, they be forgetting about the shit. Tell me I'm lying the whole time they need money. They call you on three way. They FaceTime me, they dm me and everything. Soon as you give 'em the money, shit. See my cousin other day at the store. This nigga ducking behind behind cars like we playing hide and seek. Gimme my goddamn money. No you gonna call me and tell me I'm the best cousin in the world. You love me. God got me. I give you $75 now you act like you don't know me nigga I call your baby mama right now and let her know you Jesus.


I'll you'll do that ma and will you. I let your baby mama know every god ho you. Oh boy. I'm home. My $75 oh my money when you talk to all you keep over there. Little old ass money nigga. It's mine though. I want it. I gotta buy organic dog food with that money. I got money now I won't buy. I get my dog left over no more. My dog eat organic food Turkey nigga. My dog helped you sugar the coat on my god damn cane court. So you shiny and glisten some of you nigga do y'all shit though. You ain't feeding him right. He ain't ain't got your shots.


He ain't got none. Let nobody ain't got his shots 'cause you ain't even go to the motherfucking doctor. You don't even go to the doctor. So You know you ain't taking your dog to the vet. Y'all dog you niggas in these dog gang falling now y'all frenches used to be $25,000 now them damn frenches 1700. What happened here you ho During Covid when out here getting that goddamn money from them white folk and didn't Think you were going to pay 'em back. Shit don't people want some fake asses back? They want them fake pigs back fake eye lasses. They want everything back now you got $800,000.


Yeah but God damnit you owe. You owe. It's time to pay. If you're old it's time to pay. That's all I'm saying. Why you be out here be wooing damn stock people that behind cold doors, they all getting together huling up like the KKK plotting against one another. But you can't fight against God's children. You can't. You might think it's don't work but it's don't never work. Some people don't know how to get off their ass and go and get it. They wanna see back well I did this and that so I should be able to get this no nigga work about giving you shit.


Wonder why bad things happen in your life. 'cause you think bad nigga you think bad nigga think Right Sometime plenty of shit out there I won't get. I can't get it yet. Guess what? I'm gonna work for it and when I get it I'm gonna show off. Fuck YI get it, I'm gonna show off. I'm gonna ride down with my shirt off with my belly hanging now goddamnit and I'm gonna show off every now then that just mean I don't mean no home. I just wanna feel good. Goddamn I might wanna ride down the road with with a woman. Goddammit I'm sitting off. I was like well bitch I'm sitting your dog.


I want me a woman riding around in the church dressed with goddammit with soccer shoes. Y'all come here Right Damn tortillas in the morning Beans and rice. Yes she she find in the mother right now. All them Mexican women be fine. 20 to 30 they bad them motherfucker when they get 35 and up them whole built like umbrellas. Hell, that's why that thing down real good in. That's why I know I'm telling you what God.


Lord I want me a woman. I don't want no more tissue. I don't want no goddamn meats. I don't I want, I want me a woman fat booty motherfucker. What I want just like them tortillas. I want me a Mexican woman as Flas like them tortillas. I'm gonna give us some of this beans and rice you got man. And then if I ever need job, I know her brother and them got a landscaping business. Come here up in the morning seven o'clock I'm on side of the road. Wait on y'all come pick me up in them trucks. It's work now. I ain't gonna work as much as y'all work now but goddamnit, I'm gonna do my shot.


I can't work like y'all but when they come they throwing these motherfucking hands. Y'all know I'm normal. I'm how y'all feeling tonight? I'm feeling real goddamn good. I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm feeling real good baby girl Got the stamps come baby girl got 850 stamp when I get off this goddamn lie we going wow Lord Big baskets. Three of 'em all filled up to the goddamn cops milk. Yeah big cereal. I'm told you I love a woman that eat frosted flakes milk. These young old don't eat cereal. That's why they back all bag and shit And they titties all, all fucked up.


Real women eat frost their plates and they cut bananas up and pull 'em inside. Gimme I'm an old country boy to the day I die baby. See this your old girl when you, if you at the house right now, your old lady done cook or your girlfriend don't cook kids sleep. If you ain't got no kids however you doing, she on the motherfucking couch nigga. Yeah you on the couch. She on the couch laying down. Don't you go run shit besides start rubbing on her feet nigga start sucking on her toes. Yeah it's time for you to do some shit you ain't never done before. It's time for you to show out. Yeah don't rub it. Don't rub it on a toe then you start sucking on them toes.


Ooh what the don't tell me to stop down. Don't start no fire if you can't hold me down. Yell. They're sucking on the toe now you talking to her. You letting her know she the baddest woman in the motherfucking world and you only have eyes for her. That's what you got to tell her. You got to get it in her mind. You can't find nobody better than her. You got to make her feel that way. Even though you fucking one or two or three her cousins. It ain't none her business. I'm trying to tell you what's gonna miss. No listen to miss them. Then you go on down there, you spread them lead. You spread them motherfucker like a bald eagle in Wisconsin. Do you hear me?


And you go down through. Stay high now. Why don't you come off of our eagle nigga. Act like a fish. Act like you got gi. You stay high now she gonna get the don't you stop. You keep giving her that tongue. Ya. By that time that roast bar done kicked in. Now you won't hard yell harder than two kneecaps come in. That's when you slide up there on no condom. She gonna have you make sure you pull out. Mm. Agent Peterson ain't no pull out game. Yes I'm in there. Ain. Camille gotta rock the boat in. Leave your voice. IP rock the boat. Change positions gotta change position.


Some of y'all stroking y'all woman the same way since 19 90 18 on something different. No ga you want some different knuckle, you change it up. You can't same shit. Sometimes you gotta come in that motherfucker aggressive like unc bitch I choke you allegedly. Bitch I choke you. Damn. Tell you what guy loves ain't goddamn jokes. Give a three point stands and bump brush your ass like me. Go back. I'm the defense tackle baby.


You say hook, I'm coming to get you. I'm getting dial in dirty. Gotta spice it up man. Spice it up for your ladies man. Real tall. You got the do it man. Shout out to y'all. Say I beat what it do. Shout out to Kim. Shout out to Miguel. Fat for Ray. What it do family? Man, shout out everybody jumping on this live tonight man. We having fun. We rocking. This is, this is what we doing man. For real talk. So I'm gonna leave y'all with something tonight. I'm gonna leave y'all with like, like peace said you can do all things do. Jesus Christ. You strengthen me. That's real talk man. Put your faith in God. That's the best thing you can do every day.


Not gonna be a good day. God's not gonna always come when you want him to come, but he going to come when he supposed to come. Believe that he's always on time and you don't make no mistakes. So keep rocking, keep being, keep doing you man. Every day you wake up you gotta another day to to do to to, to do something no matter what it is. Set your goals. Like you say, write it down, get with some people and figure it out. But they need to be figured out. We can't figure it out with through crime. We can't figure it out with with with, with the gun, a lot of times we get in trouble lot time we get into fights and we get beat up and your pride hurting and you just gotta come back and you gotta do something to 'em. So you gotta go and grab that pistol 'cause your hands ain't what they supposed to be.


That's okay. That's okay. You ain't gotta kill them 300 like I dig on my security and goddamn let security go and throw them goddamn hands. Can't fight for my security guard aint a nickel but it ain't, you ain't got be me. I paid him to do it. Do your motherfucking job boy. I want, I want I, I want, I want black eyes on you. I did that. Hell y'all talking about tonight. Shit. Toasty Nick. I go talk Miss Man shit my Rick Ross security trash go motherfucker.


Security guard Ross got drove. Ross got drove to all that damn money. You out there taking licks. I beat damn I'm got Rick Ross kind of money. I'm not taking no kind goddamn punishment from no give a damn. We all fighting. I'm going getting in the goddamn in the what you call the sprung a van while y'all fight. I sit outside the sprung a van and watch. I'm not getting it. No you could die for me. No I give you a medal. I give you a medal if you die. Nigga that nigga gives his job. He die high. Another nigga. Who else wanna come over? He die for me.


I need to commit shit. The hell y'all talking about. Corey wouldn't do fa. I told each Charles Cooper over here, we give our ass whoopings. My stepson. Yeah. Come watch me run track. No bitch you slower than me. The hell I'm coming to watch for coming in last place. All other kids up there laughing and shit. You didn't embarrass me. I ain't left my motherfucking $20 hour job to come down here and watch you run track and you ain't got no kind of goddamn speed. Nigga stop. You get your air back here at the house and get back on Call of Duty.


That's your sport nigga voice track. No, and I'm gonna tell your mama too. He ain't got it. He ain't got it. I'm buying goddamn damn games. I'm not buying shoes, I'm not buying jerseys. I'm not buying none of that for that little motherfucker no more. Yeah you master ball player. Yeah you did. But he ain't got it in him though. He that he got but it skipped him. What you whole get? I always wanna have a baby by ball playing as nigga thinking the baby going to have some kind of god damn skill but you ain't have nothing. You ain't got, you ain't have no athletic. Your daddy didn't have none. His daddy didn't have nothing. His mama, his her mama, all of 'em didn't have no athletic ability.


Y'all some good cooks Black. Yeah some of these old right now didn't want none of y'all men right now. They're doing great lives. They wanted the ball players. They wanted the popular niggas. Them popular niggas ain't popular no motherfucking moist. Nah, you popping now nigga. Yeah you man now. Yeah, two or three trucks got a house. Your kids grown you the shit now. Now she wanna come back and give you that old well ass cat. No, turn it down. I don't want it. That whole wouldn't give you no vagina in 1999. Now she want to give you something now I be damn I beat.


Damn. Don't y'all think it. Don't you think it. I wanna thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show man. I I really do appreciate it. We growing over here. Make sure you hit that like button. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you keep your notification turn on. I will be going live again tomorrow night. We'll be at the Rockets and the Warrior game here in Ace Town tomorrow night. Shout out to Draymond Green. Yep. We supposed to be getting that jerseys after the game too. Yep, Draymond. Then I'm gonna come right back here and I'm gonna go live when the Lakers beat up on them Dies. Think the Lakers ain't going down without fight.


You a motherfucking liar. I called up there earlier, shit. I know some of y'all don't like this. We gotta say this but I'm being real. Nobody fear us no more. Ever since big you went to jail, nobody fearing us. Regardless of what you think of him. That's your own personal thing. I ain't got nothing to do with that. I'm just saying Bill, I want Minnesota when they walking around LA I want them motherfuckers to be, I want them scared. Bitch you in jail. Them niggas ain't scared no more. Them rappers going to LA right now. Skating around, staying up all night. Smoking, wearing jewelry. They must be doing that shit.


You was on the scene N Nigga Big. You had Hefner in line. Goddamn play both. Y'all got to come see Big J. Y'all though. I'm just having fun tonight man. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show. I see y'all again tomorrow night. Man. Peace, love, blessing them out.


The Volume Some stands for so others mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old send back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush cent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like, and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service, we can read a check engine, A, B, S, or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder. Everything. You need nothing. You don't get into zone Auto zone restrictions apply.