
You're listening to an iHeart podcast, Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like fin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of forklift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often.


They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other service now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to OG. Cool rush for yourself. Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now get five Scott's Naturescapes one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more.


Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 Mulch. Shopper excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details. Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting, made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too.


Distilled and bottled by fifth generation in Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver Responsibly The volume. Morgan Joy, everybody welcome to the bubble Do show. I'm coming to you from Las Vegas s me. I got two Charlie. So coming through right after this goddamn show and You know I'm going down through nothing but before we even do that man Memorial Day weekend man everybody hope everybody having a good time. I was at the pool party today with my People Prize and them man, today been great.


Been a great weekend. You know I'm fresh out Thes Tour, my first tour that ever been on on that kind of stage. I'm truly grateful for all my fans that pulled up, bought tickets come to support me. I just wanna say personally for me thank you. Thank you being in Blake n for allowing me to go out here into the world and showcase my talent on y'all platform. I really appreciate it man. I feel like I drove a lot. I have is good man. Coming from where I come from, from from last year into where I'm at now, it's a blessing to be able to be on this tour. When this other comedians being in the game 15, 20 years ain't, they ain't be on this kind of platform before.


I'm truly thankful and humble and I got more to go but hit the like button or hit the subscribe button. Make sure you keep that stuff turned on because you never know when I'm gonna go live man and shout out to all my new subscribers. I appreciate it. But let's get down to business tonight. The New York, the New York rat niche floors in the Indiana places tonight. Ain you have the cases tonight and right there. Did you They sure up 20 damn look like they on Wednesday but half time the next 30 died at 13. Jay Bronson was in fire truck and got whole damn night. He still dating 23 the four. He was bitch wake people. I get bitch Bigfoot, goddamn Jack or Anthony.


This what boy run before big motherfucker just hit three. He was getting in the and they drug stopped it. Mackay Bridge in 15, a new brigade 16 point Jo Age eight blunt didn't even start came off the bench. Jim substitution some of us need to do in line sometimes we need a substitution. You got one chick she not to Right. So that's why we go through another. You got sub tu to get more sometimes shut out to the New York Knicks. Man I thought it was over. I ain't gonna lie. I thought this series was over.


I was like man they dial 20 in Indiana and this mike, they ain't gonna win but they did. That's what it takes from a team effort. You got to pay even, even when, even when everything is against you, you gotta fight. They got every loose ball. They were scraping off everything. They was communicating with one another. They was arguing on the bench like they been doing the previous day. Your boy be on the goddamn damn bitch to get your shit together now. And guess what the New York needs did. Pepsi are still up two one right now. Boy we got stuff a motherfucking ball thing now two here. Shit you ain't no the place gonna win in this game.


Not the way Spike Lee. He got gang Don Ball feel like they gonna win in this game because they still feel like they ain play their best ball because why Bro was on the bitch they came in the fourth. They Nick Smith didn't have have a game that they had the game before but the Knicks man they rebound. The Knicks hit 11 threes. The Pacers hit five, they was close in turnovers from 15 to 14 but that's six more threes that they hit. Then when Indiana hit, so I, I looked for the next game. I look even though or holla Burnett 20. I look for the next game. Him to come out a little bit, be a little bit more aggressive than he was Let the game he was, You know catching the ball, waiting outside the three point line trying to get a screen kicking it back out the miles turn.


I don't care who you are, I don't want miles turning shooting 30 foot threes. I know he can hit him sometimes but I don't want him shooting 30 foot three. I want that big. Long as you're Jamaica heart motherfucker around the elbow area shooting that shot right there. But from the three point line no you catch your bitch ass. I let him go work you got to make go ahead just moving big ass. They so big he he aint going trip but this is what the NBA play I survived right here Ain't no lead safe. Ain't no lead safe no go. I do my best get from behind. That's what I tell ho I do my best from behind.


I sit hurt that one I didn't come get on top. You hit you ain't hitting him. Right. Come up some two like this. Right Shit go down threw there two one right now mix up. They play again Tuesday night. I can't wait to watch. I can't wait to tune in and and and see what kind of adjustments the pacers going to make because they are crashing the board every shot that the pacers miss them boys running to the bomb board getting rebound.


They boxing out. You know what I'm the bring them younger sucker game is boxing out when the ball go find your man put your hands out. That's what the New York niche doing tonight. A noble playing great defense great. I'm talking about it was some defense man it gotta be it for 10 up 24 months you come back and you playing some kind mother fucking defense and it has to be a father. I said I got to give to to his credit for having this ball club ready the second half to go out there and not give up. Keep your foot on they niche. Keep Pounding, Keep Pounding and Keep Pounding away. That's what the New York needs did tonight and I only y'all to translate that to to go real life.


You pound some of a sound right now you ain't got it but you got to Keep Pounding. You got to keep running. You can't give up. It ain't what your was it's what you some of my people watching my show right now was getting prison a couple years ago but you home now. People still might look at you or Think you still that way but you a changed person now. Damn when you lying now got you a real woman by the side now she a little bitch. Chubby boy gives a damn. Don is ready off and mask pay string beans and cornbread come.


You see what I'm saying? It ain't about what you was it what you is today, tomorrow drunks some of you still holding drugs. Just people that you love. Stop all this shit all your hand your life but you still waking up bigger though. Keep playing with that big one up there when we be getting ready for your real soon. I'm just telling you what, I'm just telling you the truth. I ain't let, I ain't preaching to you. I'm just telling you what's going on in life. Too much shit going on. Too many distractions going on. You got to pay attention to what's really going on around you nigga big them people from a farm.


It be the people that's closest to you doing your most on you think they love you. They only love what they can get from you and the minute they can't get it. Your ass is, your ass is ba. I took a Minnesota tell them beat the thumb die I a case KC them I called this whole fucking points now Bt what you supposed to have 14? I'm telling D about those 14. You supposed to have 14 first I the b I'm going out there showing the world goddamn do Michael George.


That man said no I run this shit. I'm the best those that man was shooting three from the Great clips and I thought ass got them boy ready on them. You got them ready you think? Do you think M so do you think Minnesota killed you was just going they got know how did I dunno. I just assist man I I'll look at these I I I can see that this, this, that I know you a bad motherfucker but I him too or a king God man after like a mother damn we going call that.


We going go in it. I look for ok she to bounce back and have a better game. What they had the other night? I they they got too coming in ready face HAAR 30 Marco Julie Round ain't gonna be ready to B he going be ready Jay Nathaniel I really they at home. They sleeping in their own but they going to be ready. They has been the best NBA playhouse in a wild for me just to be honest. Watching the paces, Nicks wolfs all young guns going there.


You know what I'm talking about. Some names nobody even really know. They met their names for they self. So I'm excited man. From what I'm seeing the referees they kinda call some bullshit ass fos at the end of the game that they normally should be letting go But overall it's great ball. It's great bond, great ball is being displayed right now. They just talk about the ratings all that. I don't give a damn about that. I'm locked in watching this shit's entertainment me, you nigga gets you and I hold me. That's just my mind frame that I know ain't no ball for. I can't shoot, I can't who what for. Damn.


But my god mind sharp but then it shit, if mine is terrible thing to lose man you can't get sharp. You can do anything. That's about me say to man the game is 90% mental, 10% just a thinking game with shit I'm gonna go to the left next time or I'm gonna go to the right, I'm gonna pump fake this time or I'm, I'm gonna do all that in one like some people just come down and do the same moves. You gotta keep your point guessing just like you real mind you can't let You know where you stay. They can try they best let me come up, go up bitch I'll get you at the home.


What nigga does in love with you might want pop up at your truck. No I don't do that. That chicks grill. Get your own. Come I'm good Muslim. I sat out the door. Ain't nobody do it like up but you about be doing shit. Shit. Some shit you gets outta Chin Joe. And I'm vert that back to the NBA man. I didn't think OKC gonna lose again by 42 but can they lose the next game? You damn like do I feel like that man gonna come outta aggressive? I don't do I feel like Jay gon be great.


I don't I but I also feel like SGA going bounce back from that 14 point Jay Wayne going bounce back shit. Hold going to bounce back. Don't bounce back. What James Brown said Man World, when that song came on, why did you, why did you start stand up? Shit y'all your As So we all made mistakes right but on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing.


It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen they admitted they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse spray for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com. Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow.


So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Residents at BrightView senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care.


Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. I'm in the club James Brown showing come on, it's a man's world still standing up and you about to sit down and I a sit. Sit Now I'm starting to be a viol lady now you already in the tank top back to the back like Nigeria on signing like mouth for Jay's on like me now song for us real men who be out here in the battlefield each and every day ducking and dodging these ho because they don't want that be.


They don't want that. Be like a random judge or curb off they thought And you wanna take that from us. I can let you do it sis. I'm gonna let you take your ass back home. Where your mom at? Put the apron on. Get in the kitchen and bring some God cookies. You are look the talk God like me. I beat. Damn. I'm gonna get bad my house too. And listen Scott some act lot people these days. Y'all shout to the people just not tuning into their vibe right now man I'm catching y'all on my life. Principles.


We lost the principles of the game. A woman supposed to stay in a woman's place and a man supposed to stay in a man's place. Boys don't talk with me and talking. You be quiet and listen. See I learn that the whole grown up talking when grown from talking Bye Dr. Schmid knocked out my mind. Guess what, when grown talking I shook my damn mind. Got too many kids being disrespectful. I ain't saying Beatle but I am saying put something on they ass but they going up too fast for no knowledge.


You know understanding no respect in they elders. That's why I showed me shooting what's going on right now with these little young crazy motherfucker And y'all talking about they don't listen to the OGs. 'cause the OGs didn't teach you nothing. They watched the OGs smoke crack. They watched the OGs get they boot up for some crap. You know what I'm saying? It's a different world now. Your mothers wouldn't teaching you, you was out. Who they been with your mama that whole time? They watch your mama bring men in and they wash your strip land. Bring men in fellow you got son in they life. The needles more than they fucking needles.


I can't tell my nephew shit. And daddy wasn't nothing for them. I love my nephew. I can't. He on listen to me. He 9 1 1 when he died there cutting up with my mama and I I don't let, I'm not pulling up Ling this young motherfucker. I got 9 1 1, his s in mother. I know all of this rat body first name chilling down. I don't give a damn what my mama them say lock him up. Somebody says Floyd, I'm right now.


Somebody said I'm live right now. I one of them girl night meet me and I take off this. I'm going take this out. Took full well if y'all been champ What going on with baseball right now? But they been getting off over and baseball and Yankees beat the Rockies. They five four show your attorney for the Dodge 18 runs Allen ju for Yankees 18 home runs to beat Warble for IES 18 home runs.


Commit there all home run leagues right now in baseball. Adam ju fucking Yankee. He he hit one date. Just the Roger. He hit one date. Sure a fucker dodger. He hit one. The telling y'all right now man Home run leagues is sure he a Tony man. Aaron Judge and Kyle Schwarber for the, if you ain't no tooling in the baseball tune in. I be hitting over on that baseball too. So if you watching this show man you show up being presented by prize picks man download my promo code right down on the right. You trash with the two Hs told trash look at two H.


They doing something too. What they doing though? They doing a three pick flex for $5. You can do it up to five times a day. You got into the 26th of this month to enter and you could win tickets to the NBA championship this year plus two. That's two tickets. I told y'all they already shot me. Took a rock and warrior game earlier this year. Of course I you could be next and if you can't watch my show and you only can listen to my show, go to Apple podcast, go to Spotify. Can't be in your bubble do show boom. I'm gonna let y'all to go ahead and do that for your boy. Now I know y'all got Spotify. I know y'all been listening to them. Right. But listen to why you working now.


Listen to me. Why you at work when your boss ain't talking my shit? Listen to me. Why? Why when your girlfriend hit me up? Turn me doctor. Have y'all ever made love to a deaf girl? BEAF ever made love to a death girl that bitch was throwing that damn sign I had take bitch up. She throwing all crip. Bitch can't hear nothing. I'm whispering sweet nothing. And I motherfucking, I'm talking to her too. Do you mind if I say she look I don't mind. Do you mind if I stroke you down?


Don't mind. I don't do lying. I don't mind making you feel so right. That's how I talk to my baby. She even though she dealt but she could read my l Soon as go. You suck it. You suck it. I talk the mama let check your medication. Everything no good going taking you back forth to the doctor. God Then you going work through You gon check you doctor him no big more over him. But I got a feeling though something.


You know what I'm saying? You ain't gotta go work. I look down, I know that. I know somebody putting some meat on and bit them mouth. You do wash some motherfuck in. Look you're nasty. Stick that nasty. Why you sick all the time You ain't washing goddamn hands. Some nasty sick motherfuckers out here like to do nasty shit with their hand and they wanna shake your hand. Don't disrespect. I'm gonna show your love. Call that man hug eye not shake your hand brother. Assist. Well you are ain doing ain how I broke.


It's not 20 then just got down break breaking down earlier in the show. Your New York niche came back from 20 point down. 2020 they were down 20 come back and beat the UND five on the niche. Did that. I know this feeling good right now. I know Fat Joe lean back right now. I know Tracy Martin already drunk. Right motherfucking now. I told them rats right now giving away free pizza in the said right now they in Central Park going crazy. They in all them right now going right. Say we no that we bawling outside.


You know that ball I Jim Jones walking out right now in the gym in a Louisville toilet suit. Damn Mac door now right down they still tell him Pepper Daddy watch the game like me say baby all over. So when his cell walking up he smile like your daddy from you. How you doing Play boy. Like the way you screaming in his room. Playbox Kiss man Tampa Bay June 20th man Fun bone grab em ticket, grab em tickets right now June 20th I'm at the fun ball man in Tampa, Florida is going down two shows Friday we seven, one at nine.


Man I'm Gonnaa drop my whole tour schedule this week. I'm gonna drop all the dates from where I'm gonna be at. Pull up, grab him tickets, come see your boy. 'cause you seen what I'm doing on that motherfucking state. I'm not playing no games but I'm on that stage. I don't play out stage. I play on stage. I don't. This is my livelihood. This is what I do. Y'all spend y'all hug earning money. You come see me. Oh I'm gonna make you girl. Thank you for coming to see me. Look we 25 baby. We supporting, showing love. We we gonna be an inspiration. Nobody racial. We ain't doing no we ain't doing no talking down.


We ain't letting folks come to us and talk about our friends. Nope we not going do that. If you ain't gonna tell them to they face then God you not gonna tell me 'cause I'm not going to listen. I'm only listening to good shit. I'm only listening to good shit. Good vibe, good vibration. All that other shit is Snoop the window out the door for me. I don't want hear. Don't even wanna know about it. If it ain't good because we're going to the top this year we going to the motherfucking top this shit and we ain't be stopped. We rookie only orders you got a thousand dollars in the bank. By the end of the money you ought to be trying to have two.


Now the sixties and the 50 I think it now she park the show. You know nothing about we do but hell no thing right here. Now I in Vegas, somebody hit me up. Shit. You in Vegas, you got some shit coming over or you going hit 'em wrong. You know I'm not hitting no more. That ain't wrong. When Baker Bank I'm death I ain never, never, You know COVID, HII all this shit. I never, I don't even though I got my doctor CB Alcon wall on Dick can walk.


Boy you nigga with this high blood pressure, you don't have a kind walk block, high blood pressure ass nigga down. Let them right nigga take care of yourself. You diabetic nigga still getting these limb chopped off. Sit your head down hot boy or the doctor will sit you down. How you wanna get some wheelchairs? Shoes be dirty. What the fuck going on? When you going to sit up walking when y'all sleep? I, I'm just trying to find out a nigga in the wheelchair. So dirty fucking what? Being I a fucking puzzle.


Thank y'all for tuning in tonight's show man. You know I'm gonna see y'all again tomorrow night after the game man. I see y'all again. Peace and blessings. I love your mouth. The volume. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og.


Cool rush for yourself. Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chas and Company Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelly Blue books kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow.


So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care.


Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.