
The Volume. What it do everybody what it do? Monday Night Football. Kansas City Chiefs in the New Orleans Saints. Before I even talk about this game today, man, before I even talk about this game tonight, hit that like button Y'all come on here. I'm gonna give y'all time to come on in today. Y'all go ahead and hit that like button right quick for you. Boy. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button for you. Boy man, I know I got a lot of New Orleans saint fans in here night. I got a lot of Kansas City fans in here tonight. You know I'm feeling good.


Cowboy fresh off of victory against Pittsburgh, you know, duh. Feeling real good right now. I can't lie, but I wanna talk about them Boohoo Saints, the same saints that ran through my cowboys. I admit I'm gonna go and throw that out there. I'm gonna go ahead and give y'all props because that's the only thing y'all mother You can hold onto is what you did to the cowboy. You dig to the cowboy but you ain't doing it to don. Bite the hills. Let's talk about it. Gary Carr first three weeks. He MVP for him. He ain't, now he the MSM Mo's mother could in the league right now.


18 for 28. 165 passing yards, two TVs in one cell that ain't gonna get it done during car. Now your father recognized you again. You know them first three weeks when he was playing out in his mind he was throwing the ball everywhere. Couldn't miss touchdown after touchdown. Derek Coone father didn't know him a couple weeks ago. I bet he know him now. That's my son now to turn the ball over. That's my son to throwing the ball in the turf motherfucker. You gotta hit the receivers right here. Granted I you, you threw a couple good balls day. That receiver with Ms. Guy Long but we, I'm just talking about the overall look the last couple weeks Dairy car ain't looked worth a damn.


Oh you good Boohoo putting on people good gumbo eat crab leg with the garlic bugger sauce on it. Motherfucker couldn't tell y'all nothing a couple weeks ago but now you got all the excuses in the world we need to get rid of now keep this same motherfucking you been having all in my dm. Who that way He say who that now. Oh when the same go march? Martin Luther King wouldn't even fucking march with y'all face looking ass Jesse Jackson Chin looking asses. Yeah, Imma ride on y'all sanctions.


I got the S on right now 'cause I love the city of New Orleans but I'm talking about the team. Y'all ain't done shit since that flu ass Super Bowl with Drew Breed that gave gave y'all that because Hurricane Katrina, that's the only way y'all won. They wasn't giving y'all gold tea Woy motherfuckers nothing down there. So I'm just throwing it out. That's the only way New Orleans won because Hurricane Katrina. Man that catastrophe that happened down there. People lost they lives man. Sad thing to happen. But that's the only reason the New Orleans Saints got a ring. I'm just saying and nobody else want to say it. I'm gonna say it. Y'all wanna talk about LeBron bubble ring?


We gonna talk about the Hurricane Katrina ring. Y'all like to talk about stuff? Let's talk about that. Oh it's quiet today Dub. You know what Dub makes sense. I know motherfucking well. I do. Now let's go over here to the zebra Cape Patrick Mahome beside Tom Brady. That's the best quarterback I ever seen in my damn life. Pat Mahome ain't built what a damn, but he can still move around in that motherfucking bucket. He ain't moving fast but he moving and he effective and his eyes is down the motherfucking field the same way a chia be when he see them antelopes see a chia can see the antelope and he can see his enemy because when a chi go and hunt down and kill when he kill it, he running so fast his heart is over beating.


So he just can't just eat the animal when he catch it, he got to take a break or two. But he also got to be looking now for the enemy. That's Patrick Mahome. That motherfucking zebra got. Ooh, I wish the Cowboys had that zebra cake. I know. Wish rest of you fans that watch the game. Wish y'all team had Pat Mahome. Man I love everything about the guy. The guy got three rings man. Po possibly on his way to the fourth right now. They what? What? What's they record right now? Four one. Oh right now they ain't really ain't got no number one receiver over there right now. Travis Kelsey. He ain't playing like he was playing the farm, you know like, like, like last year, you know but these last two weeks he been picking it up.


But let me talk about the elephant in the room. Lemme tell you something. NFL don't y'all show Taylor Swift no motherfucking Mo. So Xavier where Mama? That's who I y'all so from now do you hear me? That motherfucker think a nigga Honey Beehive and I do. We dig to her Don Skirt on Come on Barbecue things on my T-shirt. Save your mother killing me in that mini Scared. I ain't bullshit you. I got the TV on repeat. Rewind right now. Bring it back. Watch bring it back.


Let me look at it again. I know Thickness when I see it. I know Vest soup, cornbread eating motherfucker when I see it. That's Vest Soup. Fa Hot Water Cornbread with Dr. Top. We have money for Dr. Pepper. We had money for Dr. Topple. Come here taste all the same but it but But it ain't Dr Pepper though. No Dr. Pepper the greatest but when you ain't had that money you had Dr. Tapo though. I know right now Kansas City Chiefs right now and they're looking for a number one receiver. I'm hearing Devonte Adams could be it. I'm hearing Amari Cooper could be it.


Let me tell y'all something right now man we just talking about hypothetically man, if the chiefs go out and get Devonte AGAs y'all can cancel Christmas. Who gonna beat him? Wait that defense playing fine to the ball right now. That's how Patrick America because people are are double teaming worthy. I'm not saying he's like number one but his speed so they really can't take the top off the defense like they got, they got in the cold hard one. He's super fast but he can't run great routes motherfucker fast but they can't run routes, they can't get open, you know what I'm saying? Like me, I talk a good boxing game but I can't fight, you know what I'm saying? I talk all the shit in the world but when it's time to in there and do it man I was just playing fam. You know I'm just like the joke around that's me.


But that's the same way I feel with the the Kansas City Chiefs offense right now man they bring Devonte AMAs in there right now man. It's gonna be trouble Kareem Hump back running the ball again man. Shout out to Kareem Hump man. A lot of people thought that man Kare was gonna be over when he had that domestic violence incident. Man, everybody make mistakes man. Ain't nobody perfect man. I love to see him. When he, when that happened he went to Cleveland. Now he back where all started at. Shout out to Kareem Hunt fam running the ball, giving the Kansas City Chiefs offense some balance. They ain't gotta put the game the ball I in the game in Pat Mahomes hands all the time no more with them running the ball like that. Those reason why they won the game tonight.


Pat Mahomes didn't even have no touchdown, had one interception, no touchdown is ever. You're aware they had the touchdown. Kareem Hunt had a touchdown out to Kareem Hunt. Shout out took an offensive line. We always giving everybody else credit. Shout out to the Kansas City Chiefs offensive line for doing what they doing. I've seen people in the comments. I'm gonna have t on here earlier, lay on today, lay on in a minute and I know he gonna be talking about the Kansas City Chiefs be cheating. I don't wanna hear that shit. The team is flat, I getting it done. That's just what they doing. They getting the job done and if the reps miss a couple calls and they do that's not they fault, that's not this shit fault that the reps can't see.


Yeah Patrick Mahome be having them days back there moving around in their pocket throwing that ball like Maggie Johnson used to do them assists man the beauty to watch Patrick Mahome man, like I say Brady used to goal right now but if Patrick Mahomes three peak this thing, he will be the greatest quarterback ever. Do you hear me f y'all talk to me man I ain't never seen nothing like that. Appreciate it. Rodney. Talk to me. Juju, juju, juju most finitely dig his thing bro. Juju most definitely dig his thing but he's not a number one. See right now he been bouncing riding in the league couple years. But I like Juju but he ain't no number one.


I'm just saying if they went out got a Devonte Adams or somebody that short to add to what they already got, it's not going to be fair. It's not going to be fair what the Kansas, City Chiefs can can do to other teams right now y'all y'all gimme y'all take on that y'all gimme y'all take on the game tonight. What you seen, what you thought the reason why the Saints couldn't win this game? Talk to me y'all let me know what's going down right now. Jerry Coy ain't it fam, you got Saints fans right now saying they don't even want him on the team no more. Hell no. A couple weeks ago he was the best thing that what happened to y'all besides Mardi Gras. Now all of a sudden y'all don't want him.


Nah I don't wanna hear all that. I don't, I don't wanna hear all that. I don't wanna hear that guy hear that guy all. Yeah he most definitely got a ring with him two years ago but that was two years ago. Fa that's what I'm saying. If he was what we thought he is, he with me bouncing around. Somebody been done and gave him a three or four year deal and but you know you never know. You never know what you going to get with him. That's all I'm simply saying with Juju, he's a good receiver. I'm not gonna say great. He a good receiver. You know he was supposed to been taking the place of Antonio Brown but it never really, he never really became that. And it's not too many people, I mean players in the NFL that can do what Antonio Brown did. I think Antonio Brown is a hall of famer.


Will he get in? I don't know but I feel like he should get in just by what his production was when he was on the field. We talking about Dez Browns, we talking about Julio Jones, we talking about Calvin Johnson and we talking about Antonio Brown was holding his motherfucking on against all of them because everybody, no big Ben was gonna throw ab the ball off least 15 times a game. AB shenanigans got in the way other than that Hall of Fame receiver bro. Like You can knock. I don't think nobody can never knock Antonio O Brown. What he brought to the NFL to the game, his route running his relentless. He wasn't even no number one draft fan drafted six seven rounds somewhere in that maybe been fifth or six round.


I think Antonio o Brown was drafted in and man did his thing he, his career ended the way it ended. He got a Marine though so I got the TB 12 down there. AB in my eye most definitely on Hall of Famer. Man may not never get in but he was one. Oh most definitely Talent, you know like and You can have talent but like you said you gotta work like talent not enough. Talking about asking me do I think Antonio Brown gonna be able to come back to the league right now? I think he retired man. I think he could probably do it physically but mentally I don't, I I don't know. I don't know what kind of head space a b in right now. He might be rapping. You never know what fan might be doing man.


He might be shooting some movies, he might be doing music videos. I don't know but I think he personally done with football right now. You know. Y'all let me know right now who would y'all take to start a team off with? We ain't talking about Character league, a character issues off of it. Who would you take and Tony Brown or Julio Jones getting the cu section and let me know right now in they prime who you taking Antonio Brown or Julio Jones. Man let's talk about it right now. And y'all most definite, y'all most definitely got that belt to the ass to ass tonight Saints fans.


No homework but you win something you lose some can't win 'em all My Cowboys didn't didn't look that good yesterday night to me but they won smelling like Super Bowl with me. Them games, we normally lose them games. The Cowboys normally lose it. It gets the Steelers and I had to hear to last night talk about that back this and that. I wanna hear that shit to you know good motherfucking well that is man. Same old line D line. So as, hey man quarterback one second two seconds, three seconds Ball gotta be out so you know if you know your offensive line ain't what live You can't be holding on the ball that long.


Man. We all know that Deans Allen a good coach though for the Saints. If I'm a Saints fan I'm upset but I'm not really tripping because y'all in a weak division. So still in the division with the Panthers and the Tampa Bay books and Atlanta of Falcons and you know the Falcons know the Falcons. I I know I I want to give y'all y'all credit, you know what I'm saying? Y'all all right right now with Kirk Cousins he, he making the right place. But we do know it will come a time where he will turn that motherfucking ball over and look like straight up dog food. We know that about Kurt Cut. He done showed us over the years he got a track Ruckle. See that's the thing with people so tired man, people are who they're, if a motherfucker is a thief he gonna keep stealing.


He gonna keep stealing. He ain't gonna stop, he ain't getting, he gonna keep stealing. That's all I'm saying. We know where cousins are. Simple as that gonna play good two or three games get you all signed. Oh my god I'm glad we gave him the hundred million. I come out next week and throw three picks that motherfucker. I throw three picks next week Kurt because and all you going hear my boy, my boy gotta go man. Man my my boy gotta go man. Y'all know I ain't lying. I'm telling you the truth. That's what be going on. We gotta talk about it though.


Yo Cowboy got the lion. Next week we gonna get in the net, me and Tio gonna get in the net. Lemme see where Tio at right now man. Lemme see. Can we get T on man? Where he at? She can we get him on man for sure. Chief's five and oh right now Chief's five and oh I did not know the Chiefs was five and oh y'all, why y'all gonna tell me the chiefs was five and oh I thought that was four and oh we gotta talk about this. Who in here think the chief's going Threepeat talk to me right now.


Who on here think the chief's going Threepeat And if you don't think they going threepeat, who have you seen thus far that y'all think that can beat them And don't you say the motherfucking jets don't you say the Buffalo bill and don't you talk about them H into dolphins. Don't do it when the motherfucker in NC beside the Ravens. My bad y'all the Ravens, the Ravens Ravens might have a chance beating the Kansas City Chiefs right now. Other than that I don't see nobody else beating Kansas.


City Chiefs in the A FC right now. Who in the NFC y'all see right now That can dethrone anybody in the A FC? Have you seen enough from the Washington commanders? Have you seen enough from the Detroit lines right now? Don't say the 49 ERs they beat up they ain't they getting lost to Arizona? I know it's a division game but they just lost to Arizona. No I don't, I don't see nobody in the NFC right now beating nobody in the A FCI don't y'all say the Raven TRASHH but that's probably the only team they can probably beat the Chiefs right now and they can't even beat 'em. So, and and and the Chiefs mean you know because the Ravens just had a good game against the the Bengals.


But that's a division game. That's gonna be a tough game but don't get it twisted. The Ravens is rocking and rolling right now. The Morgan fines grew. Derrick Henry is got fire in his eyes right now. You know he was upset Alabama lost so to Vanderbilt at that. So yeah, let's talk about it man. Houston H Town, that's who I forgot about Texans. CJ Strout now I don't know, I think they, I think the Texans got the team. I think they got the talent to to really win it all. But it just going to come down to the QB play. It's gonna come down to the head coaching and right now dad falls in favor of the Kansas City Chiefs. But I do think the Texans definitely got the squad.


They might even got a better team on Paperwise than the Chiefs. He come down to that head coach and they come down to that quarterback of like CJ Strout but he ain't there yet. And DeMarco Dko Ryan like him but he's not no Andy Reed. So I would have to get an edge to the Chiefs on that right now somebody say the field script and they're making Mahomes the next time break. I don't, I don't think necessarily they making him that. I think Mahomes is who he is in his own right. Like if they were going anybody going three P, it would've been Brady fam. So I don't just think the NFL scripted scripted, I think it's some shit to go down maybe, but scripted no but because they would've down so let the poster boy Tom Brady, Threepeat four, Pete, whatever he, he would've been able to done done it.


But now that they got Pat Mahomes on this path, I just feel like the energy, the universe way it's looking way it's going right now. Kansas City Cheese, Mike Threepeat, if it do, me personally, I feel like it's gonna put Patrick me Holmes as the greatest quarterback ever. He wouldn't have to have seven rings for me. He'll have four but three in a row never been done. That's just my personal opinion on that. I know y'all still gonna have y'all opinion. I don't care. Do what you say Brady got sell it is what it is. Okay cool. I ain't gonna argue with you but if the boy go out and get three in a row for me, I'm putting him over Brady. That's all I'm saying.


Ana never lost a Super Bowl and m Montana get all the respect Joe Ana get all motherfucker have a video game after of him Joe Mont, Montana. Get the respect fam. He get the respect get somebody just came along and just did it better in a better fashion. Brady, he did it in a better fashion and longevity and right now Mahomes doing it in a better, in a better fashion. That's All. I don't know what y'all seeing Viking five and oh Sam doing right now. Who saw the motherfucking Vikings doing what they doing that, that's what I want.


Talk about. Like I said last week I want Sam doing drug tested them motherfucking five old. I dunno nobody over there besides Justin, Jefferson, Aaron Jones, who else? Minnesota, the Great Lakes. I know Angie. I know my, I know my twin ain't over there like I'm well this shit is freaking me out. What Minnesota Minnesota's able to do? I'm gonna sit back and get see can they keep it up because this gonna be one of the the great great stories of the year. The Minnesota Vikings coming out five at oh with Sam Donald, somebody who ain't really played Wolf of damn since he been in the league but now he's done settled down up there in the Great Lakes.


Got this team five and no that's the MVP right there for me. It's what he been able to do. They in the division with Green Bay TRASHH. Burs. Let me come back on here man that one thing about me, I'm gonna get credit. What credit do Kayla Williams looking real motherfucking good right now. Kayla Williams is looking real motherfucking good right now. I dunno what's going on in Chicago. There's some shit going on. There's some shit going on. I heard it's been less killings. I heard niggas getting along again. That's what I'm hearing going on in Chicago right now.


The nickles is putting the guns down and putting their hands up and you always going live us see another day when you do that, once we start putting the guns down and start putting our motherfucking hands up, we winning. We can't worry about nobody else changing us. We got to change ourselves black people. That's where it start. It starts at home. It starts when we get in the argument. I ain't trying to run to my car and get nothing. You ain't trying to run to your car and get nothing. It gets we have to do anything. We just go do it. That's all I'm saying. You put your hands up, I'm gonna put my hands up but if I can keep from it I'm gonna dial 9 1 1 before some shit even jump off.


Then when the police get there, that's when I'm gonna start talking all kind of shit. You better be glad the police been here boy. What if they wouldn't have showed what you going to do Bow? That's what I would bow and you know this look me in my eyes boy. I'm him, I'm Mr. Go and pull it and use it. That's me. I'm just saying that I ain't, I ain't even like that. I'm just talking that game. You see how I'm saying? You thought I was really like that. I be capping right about about that live. Nah, dub ain't about that live man. I'm all Cap. I'm Caps, that's my new name Cap sickly.


Some of y'all need to start camping too. Too many people in the graveyard right now behind Pride and ego. Pride got in the way, got blasted. Ego got in the way. I got to go and get him. He beat me up. Get kicked. Don't let Pride, don't let pride and ego get in the way of you being on Earth. Don't do it man. Sometimes you got to let people have man. He ain't punking me. He ain't about being Punking bro. Dude got the upper hand on you right now man. It's a time and place for everything. Big brother, little brother, big sis, little sis. It's a time and place for everything man. We got to do better. I'm tired of turning on tv seeing senseless killings, you know what I'm saying?


Senseless killings man. Oh man. Three people got killed then the person who killed him, he got killed. So everybody did. Now we all at funerals fucker people who got done wrong. Now we at the funeral fucker guy who killed somebody when the people who killed him innocent people. The families be like oh my god, oh my god I can't believe he dead. He needs to be dead nigga was a murder a killer then y'all going to these pastors, can you come do this sermon? Hell no I wouldn't do it if I'm a pastor and now I gotta go out and preach for a nigga who done kill innocent people. I'm not doing it.


I'm lying. Shit. Gimme 4,500. I bur that nigga Wednesday. That's me. I say I won't bury no murder when I know he would kill innocent people. But if I'm a pastor gimme 4,500. I bur that nigga right now. Give a damn who he killed and Finn preach him like he like he was a saint. I ain't lying. Shit. Let me be a pastor. Motherfucker do all kinds of shit to my congregation and I'm be sleeping with them women too. I'm not playing nigga y'all that what wrong with the pastors now sleeping with the women. You rather me sleep with a man than a woman. I'm gonna sleep with the woman every time. I ain't that pastor but whatever flow your bo you know.


But I'm, I'm with the women. Y'all can Y'all rock fellas. I rock hole. Come here, come on. That's what they be saying people who would be murderers. Oh he gave back. He gave back turkeys. I don't give a fuck what he gave nigga was a Kimble. He gone thank you God. God won't put no more more on you than You can bear. You know what I'm saying? You gotta think about it sometime man. We gonna keep talking this football talk though. We gonna keep talking This talk though. Cowboys coming up. Cowboys got the Detroit line this Sunday.


I ain't going to lie. I'm a cowboy fan. I'm gonna be a real, I I'm not really ready for this game to be honest with y'all. I don't. Damn, I was just waiting. I just wish we had another week but we at home. We in Dallas but it seems like, don't y'all know when we at home it don't really feel like we at home man it is like everybody get to come to the Dallas Cowboy, come to our stadium and bro and they don't even feel like we have a advantage like the fans like when we go to the game, y'all, y'all, y'all don't even be loud enough man. Y'all just be there just to be there getting drunk and doing all that goofy shit man. Nah man you gotta cheer your team on when offense on the field. You gotta be quiet man. Defense on feel. You gotta be loud man.


You cowboy. Look at me man. You know I talk a lot of shit. That's what I do man. I'm an entertainer comedian. I talk a lot of shit but this week I ain't ain't I I really ain't got too much to say on the cool bro because I, I I don't know we gonna win. I'm just being honest man. I feel like Detroit it it, it could get embarrassing for a same way The Saints digger. I feel like Detroit could do that to us but the game I think we going lose might be the game we always win. Like I didn't really think we were gonna be Pittsburgh on the coup but we did. Dak came through, Dak showed me he got the CLU gene just like Michael Jordan.


I thought Michael Jordan was playing last night for the Dallas Cowboy but he was Dakota Prescott. Now maybe my, maybe maybe it's that This ain't TRASHH that got me where I can't see but I thought Dak was Jordan last night leading the troop down, them doing what he do being POIs had the offensive line under control, had the game in his hand and Dag did what Dag did and I'm loving it. Y'all not should the talk about my quarterback, let me do that. Let me talk about my quarterback showed me something last night. Showed me heart showed me Grit showed me that somebody that won Win boy got the Michael Jordan gene in.


Appreciate that Bobby. Bobby appreciate that. You think Tio could hook you, hook hook me up. Shit, you know TO like white women, shit. TTO ain't finna touch no sisters no more. T want Don like women. We'll ask him when it get on though. Save your mama. Woo. But mama look good boy. I dunno whoever but whoever is a lucky man. Definitely a lucky man. Y'all talk to me though man. Somebody say he out here looking like the boy older boy you cried but you gotta be crying off that one. Yeah deep man.


I don't really know man. I, I don't know man. The N NFL get so up and down, you know N nfl, the NBA about you know it's cranking back up, you know the season start October the 23rd Lakers. It is just becoming like a circus bro. Like and I won't bro it to do well man I get on here, I talk shit. That's what I supposed to do. I gotta keep it to 100 with y'all but I won't bro to win man. I won't bro it to have one of them games when he eight for eight, you know what I'm saying? Or 10 for 15 like I want him, I'm so ready for him to have one of those motherfucking games and he ain't had one yet bro.


And I didn't argue and argue with different people with my daddy and them about that. I call my daddy you blind motherfucker. You don't know real hoopers when you see one fam. Y'all were bawling and converse motherfucker. We in Jordans now but bro ain't sold me nothing yet bro. And and and and it's starting to get to me so I snapped the other day. I said some things that I, you know what I'm saying, I should have been been just keeping inside but me being who I am, I'm only let it be known how I am and how I feel. And I know some of y'all felt like me too but I do feel like he going to visit to get there. I don't know but since I'm on the team and I ain't seen it yet G Son G League until he get his shit together, he get it together we'll bring him back up in the meantime you bru get your ass on that court and sc me some motherfuck points.


Lakers ought come out eight and three first 11 got nine game Lakers should be eight and three. Tired of bullshitting me. Y'all talking about the bubble ring. Damnit go get a real ring. Go get one that make Kobe Bryant make him proud. Kobe ain't proud right now. No motherfucking Lakers playing, turning men getting beat four one them getting square. Kobe wasn't like who gonna be our mumble is it Ad never ad a mumble with no teeth.


Yeah ad with no teeth. You know he stay Kobe's shoes. Yeah that's a black mama. People get scared of him but if you take his motherfucking teeth away, he ain't nothing. I wanna win more than anybody y'all I get on these shows, I talk cad money shit about my teams but they, my team, I expect my teams to win just like y'all do. I hold everybody accountable from LeBron all the way down to to Jeannie. But flag ass gonna be some changes this year. I'm ready to see Ja, I'm ready to see Ja Wick, I'm ready to see Ja Wick and Egging.


What they do? I'm excited about some basketball. I know it's still football season but I'm just excited about a whole lot of things y'all that's, I don't know about y'all. How y'all feeling? I'm, I'm on one man Cowboy one, you can't really tell me shit. I'm calling everybody back. I got everybody off blocking off Do not disturb. I I'm wanna talk again. When the Cowboy lose I don't want talk. I'm like what is talk people dying hurricanes coming in from Florida from the east, west, south, west North Pole is coming in. Why we gotta talk about the Cowboy, let's talk about the weather. But when the Cowboys motherfucking, I wanna talk about everything. Did you see that? Did you see I knew running back Pretty Ricky is what they called Burger, catching the ball.


I thought it was wi, I thought wi come outta retirement this Ferguson. Oh and Cowboy fans don't like it. You y'all barely won. Motherfucker we play whoever on still Kirkley Swan. I don't give a damn. We play whoever on the schedule now. Like I say right now, C Commanders bad Blood. Johnson got them motherfuckers and damn Quinn looking better than they ever been. Chocolate City all over again down there and boy winning, going to the casino, playing blackjack, making it do what they do down there while they back in the studio again.


Rick Ross done done all the wings on his plate is going down in DC right now. I'm gonna need y'all to talk to me, talk to me. Is Rick Ross a top 10 rapper of all time right now? Ricky Rose is the top 10. I want y'all to think long and hard. Know how On about what I'm asking y'all about Rick Ross Man, is he a top 10 rapper of all time? I want to know. Don't be biased either. Keep you a bulk, keep you a buck.


Top 50. Oh come on man. I might be disrespectful. Somebody say absolutely. What else out there beside the commanders that y'all that y'all like and what y'all Jaguar one Jaguar out them a motherfucking victory. I got my found on me by time y'all gave that boy 275 motherfucking million. And y'all just done getting y'all first. Did you? What's going on? Oh w you too hard. No man. Or you done went down there and said guy in front of them people si and signing the contract, getting live time, money, crying, thinking the organization by by what you finna go out there and do And Trevor Lawrence ain't dig a motherfucking thing and I'll tell you somebody else who stink.


Aaron Rogers stink stinking nigga Sugar retired stinking nigga. Them damn rats is not satisfied with Aaron Rogers up the right now New York Don, you know that motherfucker blaming the rat when they lost Every time the jet anytime ever Roger Low, he blamed somebody first with Covid. You know what I'm talking about first with Covid now the motherfucker blame Caprio. Now the motherfucker blaming the rats. Rats don't deserve eh, they already on birth control pills right now in New York.


Now you wanna blame them. Them damn rats. I seen them rat when I went to New York. Like my grandma, my grandma real, my grandma old. Right. So she know how to what y'all call it? Sewing and, and kneeling that what them rats up there doing with that with with that, with that Louis Vuitton shit right now. Like y'all thought Virgil started out White Mant? No motherfucking rats started. They got white. Virgil took that rat motherfucking deal up there. She done got my boy to on in here right now. So you know we finna get to it. What we about to Woo man, what's up? What's cracking? Can you hear me Doug? What's up brother? I hear you Sammy.


Okay. Yeah man you got those tweets. You ain't got no beats or them iPods whatever you, you got some NEP pods? I got the bench pods. Yeah, no, I name weak. I don't know what you got over there. I got the bench pods man. Let's, let's, let's knock this out man. I got a hot date man. I got a hot date like you want Snowbird. See, there you go. See what I'm talking about. See what I'm talking about. See, see, see, there you go. You starting all that stuff? No, no, actually no, she's actually, she's black. Yeah. Okay. We got tonight. We don't worry about, don't worry about all of that. You, why you ain't fight me? No, because we got a shoulder. Do we got a shoulder?


Do you know what I mean? I know you busy, you know what I mean? You busy. Yeah. Let's talk about Excite just lost to the Chiefs man. Chief Five know right now how you, how you, I know you like, I don't even start to cheating and stuff because I know you gonna get to it. The real cheating for the Chiefs. Yeah. Nah, nah, that I mean it was, it was a good game tonight. It was a good game. Hey look, the Chiefs, they did what they were supposed to do Win at home. They had Taylor Swift in the house, you know what I mean? The swifties were, were were in abundance tonight, you know what I mean? They were in abundance. The other players, the other receivers stepped up tonight. Juju Schuster obviously you got one of your main receivers out.


Rice is down, maybe down, I don't know if how long? Maybe four to six weeks if not longer. This doesn't surprise me at how efficient they were on offense with the other receivers stepping up, making plays. This is, this is typical Andy Reed offense. Typical Andy Reed, anything. So again, it doesn't surprise me. Mahome does what he does. I just felt like the, IIII didn't, I didn't think that the, the, the Saints really played to their potential tonight. No, Alvin Kamar not, no, he didn't make his presence felt. Again, these quarterbacks bro, these quarterbacks are like, like they like, they like a cart and of eggs, bro.


They, they going out like at, at at bro. And I, I I don't understand how, how it's like they're, they're, they're tender. They're like tenderloins man. They go out at, at, at, at, at, at any tackle. Derek Carr goes out, another quarterback backup comes in. Obviously he's not, you know, he's a backup for a reason. Didn't play well. But again, it was a ball game for a minute. It was, it was close. I thought the, after the interception, big boy got the interception. I thought there was a, a little bit momentum swing. I thought they would go down score. They did not. And then like I said, when you're playing at home, you gotta take the crowd of it, crowd out of it.


They didn't do it. Chief wins and I ran the ball. Good Chief ran the ball good tonight. I mean, again, it's typical right? A a well a well balanced offense tonight considering, you know, they had, they got a lot of weapons out. Yeah, I know the same fan upset. They started out high. I got them cooled off. I get back to making excuses again man. It's all good. On, on on the next, like I said, I, I like again, the game was closed for a second. You can't, you can't win with turnovers. And then obviously, like I said, in any game, if you have one or two or more turn turnovers and you don't capitalize on those, especially being on the road, it's gonna be hard to win.


They got a couple of turnovers speaking of the Saints that didn't capitalize on those. And then again you say you playing with you playing with House money, especially you playing against the chiefs, the, you know, at home and Arrowhead, I know how that stadium is. The fans were out tonight. Like I said, the Swifties came out tonight. Travis Kelsey had a few catches, you know, here and there. His presence. Presence felt and so yeah, that's it. Big game coming up. Detroit. How you see that playing out? I got my, I'm going with the Detroit Lions on this.


Detroit Lions. I knew you was going, hey, I knew that was gonna get a little bit of Yeah, I'm going, I'm going. Where is the game at home? Yeah, it's in Dallas. It's, it's, it's typical. Same thing. They play on turf any anyway. In in what, what's the, is that the metrodome up there in, at the Detroit, whatever it is they play inside anyway. So for field. For field, yeah. So again, I, I'm riding, I'm riding, I'm riding with the Detroit Lions. Why would you do that? Why, why, why would you ride with deep Detroit knowing you played with the cowboy Fa? 'cause I, I'm not, I'm not being biased. I'm going with, I'm going with my ba my my football iq my observation and what I've seen the last two to three weeks and even last night, what I saw with, with, with, with your, with your guy number four Dap press guy.


He won look like Jordan to me. No, no. He looked like Jay Cutler. Then he keep throwing to the other. No, he won, bro. He keep throwing to the other team. He looks like Jay Cutler. But anyway, he, he squeaked out again. What did I just tell you about the turnovers? Typically when you have turnovers, you usually lose again. They didn't, they didn't capitalize last night. Who did? Oh, speaking of the Pittsburgh Steelers that didn't capitalized. Justin Fields missed a couple of plays. Couple of drops that stalled. A couple of drives. So that game could have gone either way. You was, I saw you last night. You was sweating bullets. You was sweating bullets last night.


Don't, don't come here with all that mess. Talking about you riding with the cap. Y'all know you squeaked it out, you know, you squeaked it out. So based on my, my knowledge of the game and what I saw this dude is he's throwing the interceptions, he's throwing brought their who? It, it's, it's, it's peewee. Like they, they're not even, they're not even throwing interceptions like that in Peewee league, bro. He throwing why you have, but why you gonna have that same energy for Jaylen Hurts when he throwing it to everybody? We haven't, we haven't discussed Jaylen, we talked about it. Oh no, he's hurt. You made all excuse in the world. Why, why, why does, where does the Eagles come into play into this cowboy bitch?


The Cowboys play the Detroit Lions. That's what you asked me about. No, don't be surprised. No, I I asked you who you got with it now you going out I the Detroit. I said no moment. I said the Detroit, I'm going with the Detroit Lions. Don't act like you're surprised, bro. I don't bet with my heart. That's not, that's not what I do. We we're, we're we're doing this show. I'm not gonna just just ride ride the wave and especially the Cowboys. If there's no, there's no wave to ride anyway. They're, they haven't been consistent what they're doing. What what that Prescott is consistently doing is throwing interception and that's gonna bo not so good the stretch of the season. If he keeps, if he keeps doing it, I'm just telling you what I know.


I ain't telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. So I'm going, I'm going, I'm going with the, I'm going with the lions. I got the cowboy winning that game. 33 to 20. I feel like that have a phenomen game. 1433 to 20. Yep. Four touchdown flirted with 30 points. Whatcha talking about something This be the best game cowboy play for? Yeah. Okay. He, he, he got y y'all have better luck flirting with Diddy. Y'all have, y'all have one. Hey man, that's my, that's my pick Detroit line. We'll be back here sometime in the next week or so and I'm gonna let you know.


Yeah, you'll be, you gonna, you gonna have a sad face next week. Now gonna have, lemme know what your thoughts on the commanders right now. Talk to the Jacob. Daniel, oh, Jamie Daniels right now, he's a front runner for the MVP rookie of the year right now. He's playing lights out. He's playing, he's playing how a lot of these quarterbacks should be playing, making solid throws, solid decisions with his feet, his arm, his eyes. Again, they're gonna win the nf, they're in the NFC East. They're gonna win the NFC East. Believe that they're gonna win the NFC East. He's not playing. He's not your typical rookie. Again, I think everybody's waiting for him to hit that rookie wall. That's not gonna happen. He's playing too efficient. You can just tell in his body language he's getting more comfortable each and every week.


So that's that, that's my, that's my thing right now. He's a front runner for MVP. If they had to give a MVP, I don't like really, you know, anointing guys or really discussing the MVP race because it's really, really early. Give me week eight and on then I can really give you a a, a true assessment on how I feel and who's the front runner. But as if we had to choose today, Jayden Daniels, he's a rookie of the year and the front runner for the MVP and they're gonna win the NF Cs. Ain't nobody's beating them right now. They're playing solid football every phase of the game from special teams defense wise. They're keeping guys out of the, out the outta the end zone. And they're, bro, they're putting up points.


If you, if you commanders right now and you know Deonte Adams is available, would you, would you go and get the who the commanders? Yeah. For what I mean if anybody, if anybody should be trying to acquire Devonte Adams, it should be the Cowboys. They need somebody on the other side of cd Lamb. I, same thing, but Jerry Jones said he can't afford. Well he, he said that about the, the two guys that he just paid over 150 million. That's just what's circulating right now. Again, he said he couldn't, he, he said he couldn't afford Derrick Henry either. But again, that's gonna, that's gonna come since you keep sliding back with the, with the, with the cowboy. That's what's gonna hurt y'all too in the long run.


'cause y'all don't have a balanced attack. Y'all don't have a a a, you don't have a really solid game changer. Turn it out, grided out type of back to get y'all yard right now. Y'all relying heavily on the pass. That's not gonna win it in the playoffs, but as, as, as we're gonna, we're gonna circum circle back to the, to the, to the commanders j they're gonna, the commanders are gonna win the nfcs. Devonte Adams, Devonte, Adam. Trying to think who should right now. Again, I think that's, that's the best team for the Devon for, for Devonte Adams. Not the Jets. Not the Or or, or, yeah, or the Jets because that, that's, that's gonna increase, that's gonna have, it's gonna have a lot of chemistry, a lot of comfort with Aaron Rogers having his solid guy, guy that he's played with, scored a lot of touchdowns with a lot of chemistry with.


If that's possible, those would be my two teams that he should, you know, he should, he should think about going to the Jets. Yep. Yep. And the Cowboys, you get 'em on the Cowboys, it's gonna open, it's gonna open some things up then your pro see that, that the run game, if You can muster anything outta Zeke. I don't even know why Zeke is on the Cowboys. He's not, I agree he's not, he's not, he's not the answer. But my to your point, where should, what, what do I see or where he should go? And speaking of Devonte Adams Cowboys or the Jets, I agree with your take on that. Obviously I know you see with his daddy the other day, I didn't see it, but I've seen a lot of, a lot of the clips and videos on, on on social media, bro.


Like I said, I I salute that. I mean, again, proud moment again we witnessed history, bro. It's gotta be the most, probably the most proud LeBron probably has ever been experienced. I can't imagine what that's like to be on the court and play at the highest level. Play with your son. Again, like I said, LeBron, like I said, Bronny obviously you gotta get better. He has to obviously bring his skillset, bring it to, to the point to where they can get in some minutes, some, some solid minutes if that's the beat during the course of the season. But that's what preseason is about. And it's gonna, like I said, LeBron bro's gonna go through some ups and downs. Like I said, it's gonna be, you know what I mean?


It's not, everybody can't expect him to do really a third or fourth of what LeBron did coming in as a rookie. It's gonna be some growing pains here and there. But I've seen bro played, I've played with him. This guy has a very high iq. Again, when you think about guys that I think he resembles in terms of stature and play, there would be guys like Drew Holiday, who else? Guys like, like a Derrick White for the, for, for the Boston Celtics. Guys that can come in and play on both ends of the floor. Give you some solid minutes and, and again, even a guy back in the day, Tony Allen, who was a, a defensive presence Yeah.


And offered some offense at times. I think Bro's offense is, is is a little bit, he has a little bit more offense more more in his bag than Tony. Than than Tony Tony Allen. But that's the type of guys that I, I think that he, he resemble his game resembles with a little bit more fire five power on offense that, like he just said, he has a little bit more offensive power. But the problem is we ain't saw it. What's that? We ain't saw it yet though. No, no, no. I mean, like I said, it's there. Trust me, trust me. I mean for anybody to say that, that he doesn't have the talent he needs to work on his game. That's every, that's every NBA player that steps onto their rookie season, second, third year, that's gonna be a developmental period that there's a lot of guys that are on the bench now that on a bunch of rosters that we don't know that that can't really play to the level of a, of, of, of Bruny James Jr.


But, so who's to say that LeBron, LeBron is James? Can't do the same thing. We'll see. Switching back to the A CAC, north Ravens defeated the 41 38 if you Cincinnati, do you break up Bur and Chase? No, not at all. I mean, bro, they just, they just, again, that, that, that game obviously went down to the wire, went down to a field goal. You saw really the value that that Chase brings to that offense as a dynamic receiver, you saw him break, you know, go take the top off the defense.


You saw him make, take short passes, go to distance. He has shown his value. They gonna have to break the bank ba being that they didn't have, they, they didn't wanna pay him early on. Trust me, he's stating his case that he's worth every penny that he wants. And so I, I admire what he's doing. He's blocking out the noise. He's going out there, he's playing lights out. This game could have went either way aside from week one. Joe Burrows is playing, he's playing lights out. He's playing like one of the top quarterbacks in the league if you think about it. I don't know what his statistics are right now, but he's, he's up there and he ranks up there with, with some of the, the efficiency of, of, of quarterbacks. He's, he's top, he's top probably like two or three.


He just didn't win. They, they're just not winning right now. But as the season rolls along, they'll get back on track. But what are they missing though, bro? I mean, you gotta think about the play that Jamar, that Lamar made throw into the end zone stiff arming the defensive end, bro, that's big time play, bro. That that's why he's the m he was the MVP of the league, bro. That's a, that's a MVP type of play caliber player and obviously likely making some huge plays. Again, you saw that the game I think early in the season again, they could have obviously won that game. You see the chemistry that those two have, he gave. And again, you see that play that he Lamar did, throwing that ball in between three, three defenders giving likely a play a a just an opportunity to catch the ball.


Why didn't your boy deck Prescott do that the other night? Last night with CD lamb? Yeah. Mud in his eyes to yo Yeah, he had mud in his eyes. Yeah. Make all the excuses you want. Anyway, back to back to the Ravens. Back to the Bengals. The Bengals, like I said, they're trending in the right direction. Trust me, they've lost a lot of close gains. All the games that they've, they've, I think they've lost. I been, it's been really, really close. So as, as I said, it's not how you start, it's how you finish. And granted being in a situation like that, you're not playing well. You see glimpses of what You can be. All you gotta do is to clean up the mistakes. Again, going into week six, again, like I said, week 8, 9, 10, that's gonna kind of unfold and, and you're gonna see the character and the type of team that you wanna be going through the stretch of the season.


Trust me, I don't, I don't worry about them. Like I said, they're trending in the right direction. Jamar Chase is obviously playing well. Burs is obvious. Like say you look at his stats, he's playing like one of the, he's probably not one of the top, top quarterbacks in the, in the league. You gonna see how they go. The Dolphins, one man, the Dolphin kudo, kudos for, for for the Dolphin. Beat the Patriot. Beat the Patriot. That's, that's not saying much at all. That's, that's really not saying much at all. They should be, they should beat the Patriots obviously this is gonna be a test for Huntley. The, the quarterback. He has to get in sync with his quarterback, understand who his receivers are, the weapons are the speed he has to get, he has to get adjusted to that.


Throw these guys open. He has to understand, he's not in college, he's not in high school. You can't throw where guys are, you have to anticipate, he has to be very anticipatory with his throw. He has to read the defense. He has to throw these guys open. 'cause he has some very dynamic weapons at Receiver. Speaking of Waddle and Tyreek Hill. Yeah, I was saying big news going on with not big news, but they're talking about in Cleveland right now, they're not going to bench massage Paula Watson due to their play, even though they won it for they're not benching and they're not going to blind James Winston right now. What's your take on that? I think because you, you've seen glimpses of, of what Deshaun can do. There's a breakdown with, with the the protection.


He's not, he doesn't have a lot of time and I think they, they see that if it was, if it was just that he was just making bad plays, bad throws, then you, then you then you sit him on the bench, then you insert Jamis wins. But they realize they're being true and honest to what they're seeing on film. Throw the offensive line is terrible, bro. You can get back there and you wouldn't have no time. I'm just being honest. Excuse me, I'm just being honest. So with that, they're being honest with the assessment and the evaluation of, of I'm sure going in and watching the film after the game before they make just a a, an impulse knee-jerk decision. Again, there are some plays, and again, you got Jerry Judy dropping touchdown passes. Yeah. So again, that factors into why they're going to the, with the decision to stick, to stick with Deshaun and Plus and they plan like 250 something million dollars.


So they're not just gonna just insert Jamis in there. Could Jamis get the job done? Absolutely. But who's to say that he's not gonna have the same issues and problems that Deshaun Watson is having with the, with the, with a line that can't protect, they can't protect anybody and, and, you know, given your take, why, why is the Carolina Panther still sticking with Andy Dalton? I have no idea that, that I, I don't, I I don't, I don't see the reason in them, them just, I'm, I'm s stumped on the question. I have no idea. I don't even understand why they even put him in at the end of the game. Again, it's a lot of di it's just, honestly, it's disrespectful shit. If I'm Bryce and I know Bryce is not that type of guy, I, I'm I'm, I probably want to go on in the game for what, what, what, what am I gonna accomplish Going into the end?


Going in at the end of the game. The game is outta hand. Dalton is very capable of finishing the game. What reason would you have me to go in and finish a game that's outta hand? What am I gonna accomplish it? What he went in and did at the end of the game he could do at do at practice. It's, it's very disrespectful. I agree. You know, I know you from Alabama. What happened to roll Tide this past week? I don't wanna talk about it. We're, we're gonna get back on track. Yeah. I'm very upset. But let, let's just touch on it a little bit. I said I, what? I didn't wanna talk, but I wanna, I wanna bring it to, to everybody's attention. I don't understand. Caleb Naor, he brought in a lot of his staff.


This is what I'm about to tell you, is really why Caleb Downs left. They got rid of the defensive coordinator. If you think about the last six quarters that they've played, going back to the Georgia, the Georgia game, where they lit him up in the, in the second half and then in this game against the Vanderbilt, that the team in Van in Nashville going against the Vanderbilt Commodore, they score 40 points. That's a direct reflection of, of who they got rid of, which is the defensive coordinator last year and replaced them with, I don't even know who the defensive coordinator is, but he, he, he's gonna be on the hot seat. Somebody's gonna be on the hot seat pretty, pretty soon. Because if you go back to the la to the, to the last half of the Georgia game and you go to, to, to this game, you got 30 something, 35 point, what is it?


40 points with a Vanderbilt like, come on bro. That's a direct reflection of the defensive coordinator. Somebody has to, again, like these players are only doing what they, what they're being coached. You gotta think if I'm, if I'm Kayla, the board, I think I even said that when they hired him and I found out that they got rid of, got rid of the defensive coordinator. That's probably, and I told you that's why Caleb Downs end up leaving and not staying and went to, went to Ohio State. Part of the reason because they got rid of a guy that Alabama hangs their hat on, which is defense. I guarantee you that defensive coordinator he got rid of, if he's there, that don't happen. That does not happen. Caleb the boy, he better be careful 'cause he's skating on thin ice.


He, he, he barely won against Georgia then you followed up with a loss against a team. You ain't won since, since the 18 hundreds. Boy, he better be, he better be careful. Yeah. Big fight coming up December 14th, the homie Tank Davis fighting Lamont Roach. What's your, what's your takes on that? Man, I don't know anything about much either of those, but I, I I, I I can't really give you my take on that, but if I had to, if I had to guess you gonna go with the big name, you know about him. I know Davis. So I'm gonna run, I'm gonna roll, I'm gonna roll with Javante Davis, I Roach.


No, I don't know. Nobody. Nobody. I don't know. No Roach. So, so forth. What, what NFL team so far gets sugar and stuck out to you? The Washington Commanders. That's easy. What about the Vikings? They five and Oh, right now the Sam, I'm not really sold on them. I think the, the the com the the commanders being four within four and one that's more impressive than their five. Than the five and oh, Vikings to me. But why? Because just the, just the play of a, of a rookie Jayden Daniels, especially him coming off that injury his last year. Obviously getting his rhythm confidence. The first game didn't very, didn't go very well. I think they won like four in a row.


So again, that's more impressive than a five and oh Vikings team to me, led by Sam Donna who's kind of, I mean he, he's been somewhat inconsistent since he's been in the league. Is that Impre? Are they doing well? Yeah, absolutely. But again, like I said, I'm more impressed with the, the Washington commanders led by Jayden Daniels than I am a Vikings team led by Sam Donald. Yeah. Four ERs hurt too. They lost to the Arizona coordinates. Ah, yeah. I mean, again, you gotta, I mean they're playing shorthanded a little bit, but that, that's no, there's no really no excuse. I mean, you gotta play well a lot of those guys gotta step up.


Brandon Iuk number of catches, number of targets over a hundred yard. First game around eight to 10 catches, but didn't get into the end zone. You gotta, you gotta find a way to get it into the end zone if you're paying. I got $30 million a year. I saw a couple of plays highlights. Purdy forced the ball to Jwan Jennings a couple times in double coverage. I think he has do a better job of kind of like, you know, assessing the defense and really kind of, you know, picking the mismatches and give some other guys some opportunity. I just think his decision making on a couple of those plays where he forced the ball to his guy who obviously he's been playing well, the, the last stretch of the, the, the last probably two or three weeks he's been playing very well.


Tried to give him some, give him some opportunities. 'cause he's make, he's made some big plays, but I think some of his decision making and some of those third down situation cost him forcing the ball to Jujuan Jennings. But again, tough game, great game by the ca the Arizona Cardinals, little, little, little, little mighty mouse. Kyle Murray that You can tell he's back. He's a hundred percent healthy making plays. So yeah, I mean they did a, that that's what you're supposed to do when you get, when you go on the road, you gotta win those close games. And obviously that was a game that, that obviously like they, they pulled out. How, how, how tough is the road games to you? Like how much, I mean, you got, yeah, it's tough when you're playing, you're not playing in front of your home crowd. You know what I mean?


So Yeah, I mean, it, it's different. It's just like, you know, you're a comedian, you know, you think you're funny. You know how it is you play, let's talk about that. You came to, you came to my show. Let's talk about that. Yeah, I came, yeah, it, it's like when you're, when you're at home, but you got your, you in Texas and you got your home crowd for your own people, you're more comfortable, right? When you go on the road, you don't know how the crowd is gonna react. They've never seen you. They don't know anything about your jokes. They just see you on, on social media now. They're, like I said, they got to assess who you are outside of social media. Like yo is this guy does, he really has, what does he really have? What it takes to be on stage? I like your stage presence. I like your storylines, all that good stuff. Like yeah, I, I, I, I dug it.


I dug it. I like it. I, I take, I take my show on the road everywhere. Okay, that's what you supposed to do. Hey, but like I said, not everybody's gonna be, you know, then ain't that gonna be, you know, a a really adapt to, to to to, they, they wanna see what you do. If You can bring that to the stage, they know you funny on, on, on social media, but can you duplicate that? And then some, you know, on a different, on on a different stage. And you gotta, I said you gotta you gotta have your material ready and like I said, you, you, Hey bro. I, I enjoyed the show, man. It was, it was good. It was good. We appreciate it. I'll be back. Like I said, I would go to another one. I thank you. Thank you. My brother gave me some credit. I'll go to another one and I, I I might bring a date. Ooh, I like that man.


Yeah, CTO showing love on the show today. All y'all see that, you know, t is a, is a hard critic on people. So for him to say he'll come back to another show. No, no, nah, nah. You talking. Yeah, I, I, I, Hey, you know me, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a a I'm with you when you're right and I'm gonna tell you when you're wrong. I like it and yeah, I like, I like what you did though. It was, it was a good show. I like it. Someone saying that the, the top three NFC teams, the Kansas City, the Packers and the Vikings. I don't think the Vikings, I mean the Packers is nowhere near, ah, I don't know. I mean they did, they they did win Packers won a game. Like I said, Jordan, Jordan Love coming back from that injury. Week one didn't look bad, didn't favor the, the meniscus that, that he, that I think he partially tore week one, but yeah, he came back, played, played solid, won.


And so that's, that's all You can ask for. I wouldn't say they would be the top, I would say Who, who did they say? They said Kansas City Packers and Vikings. Nah, you got you. I would take the Packers out and put in the Washington Commanders. How you feel about Rago this week coming up Teo, how you feeling? Oh, I, hey, I'm, Hey, they gonna be ready. They, they gonna be ready. I talked to Travis today. He said he is gonna be ready again. It's gonna be a great game. It's gonna be to come the, the, the, the, the homecoming of Dylan Networks. You know, Dylan Networks was with Colorado last year. He got in the portal. I think he felt he wasn't utilized enough.


Jumped in the portal. He's with K State. Again, I think he's been utilized similar to way, the way he was utilizing Colorado. I think they have a starting, they think he's playing back up to the, starting running back there. But again, this guy is very dynamic, shifty. I think what what really hinders him is just, just the, just his size not being able to really run in between the tackles like some of these guys that, that are obviously to taller bigger, that can run in between the tackles things that na can make, plays run through, run through tackles, arm tackles and stuff like that. But it's gonna be a good game. I I plan to be in the house. So You excited? I'll just finish that. You pretty much touched it. I was gonna say what you just said. What, what do you think is really going to take for, for the Colorado with bigger team like Kansas City State?


Because they rank, they ranked 18 right now, so they they're pretty good damn team being efficient, balanced on offense, mixing the run in the past. Obviously, you know that they're gonna throw the ball. But again, the line is getting, getting better ever since that Nebraska game when they got their butts kicked, you've seen steadily every week these guys have gotten better. And the thing is, is chemistry, these people, people are, are expecting so much because of what they didn't have last year and they're replacing that with bigger linemen and they think, okay, we've got some bigger linemen. Things are just gonna open up. No, you gotta have, you gotta understand that these guys have never played, a lot of these guys have never played with each other to together at all except for this year.


So the games up until now, like pre-season, like off season, all that stuff, until they played week one, they've never really been in a fire, played against a really another, another team before. So each week has been a growing process for, for those guys. And as you see, they're getting better and better. So just think I, I see the progression. I see the trajectory of, of where this team can be, where it's gonna go. The receivers are starting to kind of really make some plays running. They got some stud running backs that people are starting to see and get glimpses of. The defense is starting to play well. The run defense is starting to play very stout up front, stopping to run. And obviously, you know, the secondary is, it's like I said, they're gonna be, they're gonna have some, some, some up and down plays here and there.


It's been a little inconsistent on the back end as far as the secondary. But You can count on one guy that's gonna play silent and that's number 12. Travis Hunter for sure, I've known a lot of people been hitting me up 'cause they seen Shado talking to Al Davis Jr. So, you know, they, they, they how Hey man, they might kill all that. Wait, wait till, wait till the end of the season, man. It's, it's, they're not even halfway in the, they not even halfway in the season yet. So again, like I said that, that those things are gonna take care of itself. Yeah, I think so as well. Well I gonna say 'cause someone was asked, someone was taking us in the question that was asking if you the Longhorns, do you still start Archie Manning or you, you bring back in your, the original start?


No, you, you ride, you riding with a guy that's balling right now. Like I said, you is by way he better get in the portal. He, he might as well jump in the portal dog. Trust me. Ain't he's not touching. Hey, the only way he's touching that field unless Archie Manning gets hurt, bro. This, he's, he's he's playing lights out 300 plus something yards a game since he, bro, why would you, why if it ain't broke, don't, if it ain't fixed, whatever the say go, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. I agree but you know, they were saying you was a Heman candidate. Okay. Right now Archie is a high, he's becoming a Heisman hopeful. He's becoming a Heisman hopeful right before our eyes.


That what you heard, that's what you see. Yeah. Heck yeah. Do you think situations like that weigh heavy on the head coaches from the alumnis and No, I mean because you gotta go with what's, you know, you gotta go with what your eyeballs tell you. Granted, yours has been in and outta even last year had some injuries that, that, that, that, that made him miss a bunch of games last year. This year. Same thing. Injuries. You have a formable, a a, a solid, not a form, a solid backup. This guy Archie man can start, he can start anywhere right now. Right now Archie Manne can start for the Carolina Panthers. Nothing. Just bro, he can start for the cowboy on Panthers the way he's been bowling, bro.


Trust me, he can start. Hey, he can play for your Dallas Cowboys. Don't tell, don't do that. TI you had me, you had me going but you just went left. He can play for the Dallas Cowboys right now. Ain't and get busy. Never can't nobody do what Dak do, but what Dak do and you know that why would t why would, why would anybody wanna throw duck? Why would he wanna not throw some interception? He's leading the league against interceptions. Romo threw them too. He better than Romo. Right. You did Romo win in the Super Bowls. Never. He was your quarterback. I I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I'm telling you, I'm telling you the truth. I'm telling you the truth. Did we win in the Super Bowls? Yeah.


You, you probably the reason why we didn't win to Why is that? Yeah, they didn't throw me the ball enough. I knew you, I knew you didn't throw the ball enough. I say that she didn't throw the ball enough. That nigga get you the damn ball, man. I agree. When, when you at all times when you got the pig skin in your hands, you made things happen. I will agree with that. You damn skippy. I did. I will agree with that. Well ain't too many people could do what you did though, Teo. Yeah, you already know. You know is Jerry rise. You mo that's all, that's it. That's it. It ain't no top five is top three. Ooh, I'm top two after top after three. What, what, what, what, what, what, what is there today? I no talking saucy today in here.


There ain't no top five, top three, top three. That's different levels right there Teo. I like that. It is what it is though. I like, bro, if you, if you mention top three receiver, like I'm gonna come up in one of those, out of those conversations. No, every time, three every time you is. It ain't no, that's what I I'm saying you ain't never missed that. I lu that though. Like I'm just saying that's not, I I mean I ain't, I'm not being boast for anything. I'm just telling No, I'm just telling you the facts. You can toot your horn bro. You hall of famer. You, you, you deserve that. Like ain't nobody come over and argue about No, no, never, never, never, never. I get like nobody can't argue me about them honey packs.


Do they work or not? I know they work. Yeah they work. Shit I took 1 25 minutes ago before I got on there. I'm ready to get off now. You ready? You you got something in waiting in the wings don't you? Hey well shit, me too. I need to, I need to get get to my, I need to get to my hot date. They, she said hey. They just text me like yo come back already. Hey oh man.


Hey man, if y'all watching this show man with me and to man you gotta know this show being presented by prize picks man. First time users go and use my promo code TRASHH with the two Hs. First time users you put $5 in, they give you 50 to yo The great thing about Prospect bro, You can have a player that's balling out in the first half. He get hurt and he gonna come back. They don't use it against you man. They got an injury policy over there. Prize picks man. Real talk. Hey man You can put $15 in and win 15, 1500. Them other apps out there. They cool but they ain't prize fixes all I'm saying. Alright. Hey it sound like people better get on this prize picks. They better get on it right now man. I need to get on prize picks hold and use this promo code. TRASHH TRASHH.


Hey, matter of fact, while y'all watching, make sure right now you go and gar some of my boy clothing line man. Prototype 81 man. Got the link in the comment section right down. Go and grab my big bro to clothing stuff. I got some stuff for him. I been wearing, I know y'all been seeing me out and about. Hey, hey. And I got some, I got some heat coming too. Hey, y'all got me coming too? I got some. I hey, I got some boxers coming. I got some boxers coming the to boxers. Oh boy. I got some heat coming. You best believe that. Oh, you ain't playing. You got your man manufacturer team going on over? Yes sir. Oh, I got some coming boy. Prototype 81. Y'all go check it out. It's, hey, do you see it right there on the screen right there? I'll go and grab it.


Prototype 81 OFL or go to the website right now. Prototype 80 one.com. I got some hoodies, joggers, crop top legging got some Trunker hat, got some beanies. I got all types stuff. I got some stuff coming though. For real. Some real hot stuff and I appreciate you supporting me though bub. Hey that's what we here for bro. I can go like I told anybody, if I can go support everybody else, I can support my own people, man. No doubt that. Guess what it's about. You know we get so called up sometimes, not you or most people, but we just in general. I know what you're saying. Get caught up in the designer, man, I like this and that, man. Oh man, we, we quick, we, we quick, we quick to wait. We are quick to make white America billionaires and millionaires. When we as black, black community, black people, we do the same if not better, equal quality clothing, everything.


But we wanna support our own. And if it ain't got one of those high, high end names on it, they ain't, they ain't, they ain't messing with it. I agree the same way. I definitely agree man. You know it's part of the show. I gotta give my TRASHH of the day to somebody and I gotta give TRASHH of the day to no other did my uncle TRASHH your uncle, he he TRASHH in your uncle. I thought you were gonna say Dak Prescott. No, my uncle done sold my grandma on TV man. Huh? He on that shit and and they ain't deny you about it to yo the damn TV gone. Man, I sung a 60 inch down tv gone. He claimed somebody broke in there and got it, but ain't nobody broke it.


Now I first of leave it not ring camera bub, Bubba, that's your fault. You, you, you, you know better than that. I want grandma to watch the game. Fa you should, you shoulda, you should have delivered that yourself. You should have hand delivered it. Especially Grandmama anyway. You should have hand delivered that to Grandmama. That's, that's, Hey, hey. I can't, I I can't let you fault the uncle on that. That's on you Bubba do. That's on you. You know better. You, you outta all people. You know who your folks are. You know, you know better. That's, that's why I put the police on. I would've have, I would have two. I would've put two or three of 'em on him. Two or three. Put two or three of 'em on him just in case the nigga get away.


Hey man, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do, man. Yeah, man. That's all I got to say, man. Thank y'all man for tuning in with me and t man. You know, we do this every Monday night, man. You know, we gonna see y'all again when we see y'all, man. Peace. We out. Yeah, like that. The. Volume


Does money stress you out? Let Facet flip your financial chaos into clarity finding Facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us fast for life. Now, I guess visit Facet dot com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offered by our sell securities, nor as an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current Facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.