
John Stewart is back at The Daily Show, and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One, happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie, Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious, one in 10 kids vape serious, which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself. Not the seriously know-it-all Sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously, the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council.


The Volume. What's up everybody? Boy Bubba Dub, man. I know. Y'all see me all over the internet going crazy. I know y'all been seeing me with Hey David. Yeah, I was up there in DC Yeah, up there in DC with the champ in the gym. Now I wasn't working out doing all this and that, but I was in there getting footage and, and and, and, and watching the, my spa session between these two boxers. Man, I got a newfound respect for Boxers man. Just being in the mix, just seeing the grind, the the, the punches they have to absorb and it, it just a lot goes into being boxing.


Nigga ain't got shit to do. Like a streetfighter. A streetfighter ain't got shit on Boxing Street fights. You're doing all this and that. You can't see you getting hit. Boxing is is technique. It, it's stylish. It's footwork man. It, it's, it's, it's, it is being disciplined. It is is it is dedication man. It is laser sharp focus that you gotta have in, in boxing and because every boxer not going to be a champion, you know what I'm saying? You just going have some okay boxers and that's okay. That's what make the world great. We all different, but everybody's not gonna have the belts. Everybody's not going have the money. Everybody not gonna have all the hundreds. Everybody's not going to have this and glitz and glance everybody not gonna have that.


But watching what Tank has done and where he's come from and to where he's at now, he he's own boss. I mean he was right there with Champ. You know Floyd mother can champ break his right there with him learning everything he need to learn and for him to be able to wanna, you know what Champ, I love you, but I'm gonna move away from you. You know, whatever riff they got, that's between them. Me, champ means ain't we cool. I don't get in that. That's they business, that's grown folk business. I stay out. That shit neutral. I always will be. But with that being said, talking to Tank, he his own man, his own boss now. Like, just like Floyd got Tank on his own and you can't fault that 'cause with Champs and De La Hoa, he wanted that and he wouldn't have done that, accomplished that.


So KU goes to Tank. What he's been able to do, just like getting back from up there from DC I'm back home in Ace Town and it's cold there. No motherfucker outside. Who turned and goddamn down here in Ace Town. I wanna know it's cold. I left up there cold back home. I'm warm. Shit, it's cold. I just don't understand y'all what's going on in the world today with this temperature. I feel like man, missing, missing with the season. I don't even think it, it it, it ain't even February. Little do we know hell, they probably just not June.


I mean just not January on the cool cold as it is. I called up up to that school and told em put my kids on the bus. I'm not picking them up now. Going back out there shit. Stuff don't do cold weather y'all. I gonna do cold weather. What? Down my house already ain't insulated that much. I got every blanket I got the oven on and down. God damnit. Cost is cold. Ain't finna be no like this motherfucker now wanna cold like that. Never telling you right now. Also you got the Lakers playing tonight. Yeah, playing the Hornets. They better kick the Hornets motherfucking ass too. I knew that Mu bro so foot. I don't give a damn. You better be on the court.


You ain't playing Allstar game. I ain't tripping no people mad. I raised about the fact that you didn't lug 'em no beforehand. That's the NBA don't get mad at bro. The NBA told that motherfucker look at him, you wait till an hour before the game discuss that you ain't gonna play because a week before this and that, the NBA already knew that boy wasn't gonna play. It's all about the money. It's all about the money man. So y'all can get out your feelings on that bru. 40 years old. He ain't wanna play all Star. Cool. I know some of y'all thinking well he should have said something earlier. Maybe somebody else should have got it now. Never. You know how many motherfucking ticket sales the NBA would've lost if LeBron James would've announced a week before, he wasn't gonna be at that Allstar game.


Shit, they wouldn't, that they that money to from the never gotta understand business. You gotta understand what's going on. What's at stake girl? LeBron James? Not at all. No, that's a Ty.


If you're watching this show, I want you to know it being presented by pics. Download the number one sports fantasy app in the game right now. Do that for your boy if you don't mind. Yeah, right down the corner. Right there. Go on right there. I wanna make sure you scan that. Type in my promo code trash with the two Hs. You bet. More or less on your favorite player baby. We'll talk only do it right now.


Yeah, and if you can't watch my show then type go to Apple Podcast or Spotify, type in The Bubba Dub Show. Boom there I'm Live. He knows he and he's here. You. Yeah. Let's get to, I know y'all excited Doug quit. Y'all talking and drop the tank. We finna chop it in a minute, but lemme do what? Hell no. Second, first. Duh. Would you move to Washington DC Hell no. It's so motherfucking cold up there. I didn't even see white folk walking they damn dogs. You know white folk walk that dog before a friend, after a friend. I didn't see no damn dog.


No damn white. What? I didn't see no motherfucker homeless people as much either down there in DC either. Trump got their ass up on the streets. You know that's one thing that bother me in the world is homeless people, bro. Like when the weather get bad and cold, man you, you driving by, you might be walking, you see homeless people on the, on the streets, bro, that, that bothers me. And you know it does. And you gotta also know some of them wanna be homeless. Some of 'em don't even want help. Some of 'em do, but some of 'em don't. They so they mind so far gone. Some of 'em on drugs, they don't even know if they coming to going.


Hopefully man, we could come over with a resolution. Elon Musk. You got you, got you. You, you, you got a motherfucker for solution for finding they stolen money been going on up than the government finding a solution. They, it help take care of the motherfucker. Homeless people and our veterans. Our veterans need more help and what they been getting out here. And also let's help the homeless people. Let's help the people who really need the help the most. Like we, we gotta stop stepping on our own people and want run over to the other motherfucking places and, and help them fuck them. It's all about us right here in the USA. Everybody else, fuck them. We get to y'all legal, we gonna deal with us now. That's what we got to start doing. That's all I'm saying.


That's all my only gripe is seeing people man just on the streets cold and slump over due to the drugs. Man, I ain't, I ain't nothing cool about heroin. Ain't ain't, ain't nothing cool about any drug that's going to harm you and hurt your body and and have you where you, where you going know where you at. Like that shit bothers me man. Like I said, we gotta stop glorifying certain things in, in in, especially in the black community. We gotta stop glorifying certain things. We, we gotta stop that. We all gotta pull together and be on the one accord and that's white, black, Mexican, Chinese. Well we all gotta be together. We all the world.


Remember that song Michael Jackson had? We Are The World. Y'all remember that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I gotta remember that shit. Quincy Jones had his eyes on Michael Jackson. See Quincy Jones making no motherfucking hits and somebody that going, shit. That's all I'm saying. But go you ready? Fuck interview with me and Tank. I was able to sit down with fan for about 15 to 17 minutes and we dived into why he chose Lamont Roach like y'all. I wanted to know too, why would you give him a chance them more things that I as tank And they got a little bit serious too, you know, if y'all gonna know, you know, he was, he jumped in my, on my comments on Instagram where I posted a video.


Me and Champ jumped in there and, and coming something. But gotta let y'all go and see what that was about it all love at the end of the day, March 1st Tank David versus Lamont Roach at the Barclay Center in Brooklyn, New York is throwing You better be there. I'm gonna be there if you ain't watch the show. Let's support our people, man. I know some of y'all man. I don't wanna watch this fight, but lemme tell you something right here. Lamont Roach is a better fighter than Frank Martin. Y'all know Frank Martin is a young talent that's up and coming and, and and went with 8, 9, 10 rounds for Tank Davis. I think Lamont Roach is a better fighter than Frank Martin right now. At this point.


I got this match going 10 rounds. I got it going 10 rounds I do. And let's, let's see how it play out, man. Let's see how it play. I'm super excited to bring y'all this. I've been trying to get somebody up this caliber sit down with me. Fan was able to sit down with me, talk to me, chop it up. I got a newfound respect for bro, man. Yeah, let's let, let this one of them ones too, like yeah, yeah. Let's take, let's make this one go viral. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's make the damn it get me up there. God damn. Y'all getting everybody else up there. Get me up there. You already shouldn't hit the like button by now.


You should already done hit the shot button right now. Dub doesn't sit down with paint. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious one in 10 kids vape serious, which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself, not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously, the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you to start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org, brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council. I'm comfort in a lot of things right now, man and life. And I'm super door excited about that.


'cause y'all are being able to go with me on this journey. It's real. You understand? Y'all able to to, to, and don't forget I'm on the weekly ones tour, baby. Yeah. Next weekend, February 28th, I'm in South Haber, Mississippi. Me, Mike Epps, you know, the rest of us. Pull up and grab 'em tickets. And then next Sunday, I'm in Brooklyn, New York, New York. I got a hundred rats in hundred clips. New York, New York. Hey man, that's what them rats be listening to in New York on their clips. But they, I'm telling you, thank y'all for talking into the bubble. Do so man, I I'm gonna stop running my mob and let out dying to this in of do Yeah that I got with Geonte Tank Avis.


Hope y'all enjoy this man. I see y'all again when I see y'all. I'm in the comments right now with y'all while y'all watching. I'm in the comments right now while y'all watching this. Yeah, let's get this to, let's get this to a million, let's go. What's up everybody? Welcome to the Bubble Dub show. Live in DC pre-workout. I'm here with the Champ Tank Davis. How you feeling Pam? Good man. I'm good Man. Hey man, watch you in that ring out man. I got a new level of respect for the game man. It it's crazy man. Me, you praying for a fight like, like this with Lamont, ROS, like what's going through your mind at this point right now though? Right Now I'm just like making sure I stay sharp, you know, like thinking about the fight, like while I'm gonna do inside the fight and shit like that.


But yeah, just like making sure I stay sharp with things like that. Like picturing what I'm gonna do in the fighting and stuff. I like, you know, I know a lot of people don't ever ask this question, but with, with the amount of success you can have in this boxing game with the amount of money you done made for you to just sit here and say, to continue to stay sharp, I think a lot of bikers are not dis like how Yeah, where did that come from? From you to stay disciplined and grounded? I just don't wanna look like a fool when I go out there in the rain, you know, I wanna stay sharp, I wanna stay like, you know, when you reach that top level or things like that, you wanna always like make sure you go out there and give it your all. You wanna, you don't wanna like slip up and you know, under work yourself and then you feel like you ain't do enough work inside the training at training camp So you can't look good when you fighting, things like that.


So I would make sure I try to stay like as much possible, stay focused as as possible as I can, you know, so I could be able to also give out, put on the great performance in front of the fans and things like that. 'cause if you always put on the great performance, the fans going, you draw more fans though, you know that wanna see you More dollars. For sure. Yeah, for sure. So like, you gotta do your job at the same time. It's the entertainment world. You, you a brand. So like you say, hey, if you sales you want, you want people Yeah. And watch you knock people on their ass. So that's what you be doing. But when you get in the ring, you know, we watch you, you know, first two or three runs sound like you be feel feeling your opponent out a little bit. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I, because I never wanna go out there and like, you know, and run into a punch that I don't see or anything like that.


So I like to feel my my paw now and things like that. Even like with like that's what life prayer, you just don't go out there and just, you know, head on. So you just always wanna figure your way, do things and you know, then gradually like, you know, loosen up and then, you know, once you find them opening, then that's when you, you go ahead on, It's funny you say that when, when, when, when you, when you finding them opening and, and like, like you open them up a little bit like that. Like, so like you say, you already knowing what punch you, you coulda hit you like okay, he, he flinched on that one. So I'm Yeah, come with the right hook on the next Yeah. Catch him. Like I I look at you as, as as like one of them boxes that known for you'll walk him down like from the announcers.


Oh he, he got a nice shot. He ain't gonna take the Yeah. Yeah, like it's like, man, it's like, it's like you can, it's like you know how to make adjustments bro. And I just love to see, I know the fans love to see it, bro. You know me, I like keep it going bro. 'cause you got a lot of people rooting for you but you also, You know, you got a lot of haters too. But yeah, a lot of haters don't pay you 'cause they want to tune in just to see what tank going to do. Yeah. So my question is this, could we ever see you in line? Do I see getting in the fighter in the ring again, you and Ron? Yeah, For sure. If he, if like, if he, if he's clean, you know. Yeah, yeah. If he clean. Yeah, if he clean for sure. And if he looking look looking good his next couple fights for sure we can, we can redo it for sure.


What about Hangy? Man, you know, they keep, they keep mentioning his name with you and this and that, but you know, obviously he lost to Ryan, Ryan whether he took some or not. He, he, he got, he got knocked on his ass, but Yeah. Yeah, I'll definitely for sure be opening a fight, Ryan. I mean Devin for sure, but it's just like he gotta, I mean he gotta redeem himself, you know, if he look good his next fight and things like that. And if the fight don't go good or even if he look, look good against Ryan too and he don't get to win, like, I feel as though it would still be like a good fight to have. Just like, even like the buildup since we been like he been younger and things like that coming in the game and it was back and forth.


So I think it still be a good fight with me and me and Deon for sure. Well, you know, it's the light-skinned game, You know, you got w you don't want. Yeah man, I saying Boston first we got, we got Tank, we got you Lamont roach, man. What, what made you want to reach out and, and give young buck a chance? Man, We, we, we reached out to a couple fighters that, that was unavailable and things like that at the time. And, and well some people turned down the fight, some people was like, you know, they al they already had fights and Lamont was, you know, he was someone that's a champion there.


He was willing to come up in weight class and you know, take the fight and things like that. And I I also think that he reached, well, I'm not sure if he reached out, but when it was like they asked him more like, you know, he, he didn't shy away from me. He straight said yes. So that what that was you, You ever get, because when you champ everybody, everybody throwing stones at you, but when you champ you ever get sick of people calling you out knowing they can't whoop you. They just want a payday. Yeah. That's what it, that's really what it is. But it's me now just understanding that and just like, you know, that's understanding and just picking the, the right, picking the right torch at the right time and things like that.


And I just like being in a game that you see that like, everybody wanna fight you like it, it doesn't matter what the weight class or not, it's like people that's like 1 47, 1 54 and things like that that wanna fight me like everybody, you know, but it's like more so like it's a payday, you know, it's not more so like, all right, I think I can win. It's like they wanna make sure that that situation good. That's what it really is. Yeah, because I, It's like, I seen that a lot of people like man tell Tank, gimme a chance. Like, bro, you struggling with the motherfuckers, you Yeah, right. Don't nigga right. Saying you a cheater, you ain't never cheat trying to fight.


Like why you trying to get in there with this man? But it, it just, it definitely be like, you know, pay their, but what you can't fought them, but it's just the way how they, how they go about the situation. Like if they would've came at me like, like a, a fighter and not like, so disrespectful or say like, I wouldn't fight them and things like that, then it probably would be different, you know? But I mean, you know, they, they younger now. I mean they younger, so I, they wanna go like the disrespectful world. I know you hear from everybody, you hear from your peers, your family members. But when, when did You know you were special bro? Like really new? Like, I, I'm him. I didn't really like, I didn't really like pick up on it, just, I was just so in love with, I was not, I, now that I'm older, I don't think I even was in love with the sport so much.


I think I was just in love with just having that father figure that I didn't have at home in the gym. So, and when, when I start winning and things like that, it was like more so I was making my coach and them happy. I was making people around me happy. So it was like, damn, like I'm doing something that actually draw people to love me, like, in a sense. So that's what I really like. I'm like, okay, then it wasn't, it wasn't really so like me just boxing or anything like that, you know, because as I get older I'm like, I, I shy away from boxing, but it's like I still had a love for the sport, but it's just the people that I have love.


Like it's the people that I had love for and not really the sport. Yeah, like speaking on that, like you broke generational curses in your family, bro. Like now you, you, you br woman bro. Like yeah. What, what you been able to do. No one in your family's ever be able done that though. Like, you got people around you now that, that's feeling entitled to your success. They ain't done nothing, but yeah, they feel like, oh, I know he got me. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean, but I mean, come with it, you know, but right now I'm in a stage where though, whereas though I like, I actually looked out for every single person, like every single person I feel as though I looked out for every single person.


So it can really be like, now it's just like making sure I'm good, making sure my kid's good and things like that, you know? So it just run by myself now trying to take care of myself, like beyond boxing. And that's why I think I draw a line with boxing. So it just like trying to take care of myself more so I could be able to like be able to grow with my kids and, you know, you know, just better myself as a person, you know, now. So I just wanna be not a role model for the people because I'm, I still make mistakes, but I wanna be a role model for like my kids, you know, I got a son now, so congrat I want appreciate it.


I definitely wanna like just do the right thing for them and show them that, you know, anything is possible. You know, where I come from when, When it's all said and done. How would you like to people look when you bring your name more? How, what, what would you like, like, like to hear when it's all said and done? Tony Davis as a boxer. As a boxer, I, not really as a boxer, but as a person, I just wanted, just pretty like he changed his life around. He not this young, young reckless kid no more that I, I came in the game like I really didn't care. I really didn't like, really give a hell about what people think and things like that.


And I pride myself like that with, when it started came off it, it really came off like arrogant and like, but I just really wanted, like, when they look at me like, yeah, he changed a lot. Like he for the better I can see it, bro. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I see it. But man, I, I appreciate you for, because we been talking about trying to get you on myself, bro. Yeah. From the back of my heart, you know, I, I, I appreciate, you know, I'm happy with some little shit talk. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I wanna thank you personally for coming on the bubble do show I see you fighting night. Yes sir. Wish you best of luck, bro, and keep being real and stay out. My page coming. Yeah, no, I Appreciate it.


Time for coming On my, yeah, thanks bro. Yes sir. Thanks for having me, bro. The Volume,


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One, happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas RT Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


How serious is youth vaping irreversible lung damage? Serious, one in 10 kids vape serious, which warrants a serious conversation from a serious parental figure like yourself, not the seriously know-it-all sports dad or the seriously smart podcaster. It requires a serious conversation that is best had by you. No, seriously, the best person to talk to your child about vaping is you. To start the conversation visit, talk about vaping.org, brought to you by the American Lung Association and the Ad Council.