
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear the experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and wear fashion eBay things people love. Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree.


You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino.


No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino. Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now Everywhere you look, things are getting more expensive.


So at Consumer Cellular we are lowering the price for those 50 and up. Now you can get unlimited talk text and data for $30 a line when you buy two. That's just $60 a month for two unlimited lines. So if you're 50 and up, make the switch and save. Come on, you've earned this. Call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com today requires two lines of service H validation and credit approval subject to system and area limits taxes and other fees Apply. The. Volume. Y'all come on in. Y'all come on in. I know y'all been waiting on me. I've been waiting on y'all.


Y'all come on y'all come on and hit the button when you here too. Don't me. Just coming to come. Don't me coming to be No. Hit the light button. I want you to join me. Hit the subscribe button too. Now I can sit up here. Now I'm gonna let a little bit more people come on in. Now we gonna talk for a minute. I'm at my comic show right now, so excuse how everything looked, but I told y'all I wasn't gonna go live after the game. Well here I'm now, this is how I started. I started out with the Saints today. The Saints lost. Now I laughed at y'all. I apologize. Cowboy playing with my mind. They playing with my money and they playing with my heart. We were getting blew out.


We were 28, 25. Some of y'all gonna say it was close. It wasn't close. Baltimore Ravens had 2 74 Motherfucking yours. What Snet, you better not run your husky ass to that motherfucking podcast. I know that you didn't show up again two weeks in a row, you'll no. So Mike McCarthy need to be fired. I dunno what game y'all watch, but when I seen, I seen a defense could stop a motherfucking nose bleed. That's what I saw. But they sitting, sitting and watching, watching my team struggle.


I'm talking about fucking struggle. Y'all gonna understand what I'm going through y'all. I done lost $1,500 again. That press got through the ball 51 motherfucking time. You'll never win a game with a quarterback throwing the ball 51 times. He completed 28 of them. TRASHH. I don't give a damn about him having out go 400 yards. That don't matter. We lost. All y'all care about is more victories. I don't care about a more victory. I won win. We wanted to And.


we got even bigger problems than that right now. Can't stop the ruin. Can't even give a motherfucking sack. Michael Porton. Lawrence Strange Now Jerry Jones in the locker room looking at me. You need to be in there looking your players in eyes asking them what's going on. But you in there looking, they eight and a half inches of me. Lamar Jackson with 12 or fifteen, a hundred eighty two yards. I thought he was Doug Williams after the day. Derrick Henry 28 carries 151 yard. Lamar Jackson 14 carries 87 yard.


We can't stop the rule D. Dumb in my, I'm dumb as hell. Tell how we going to the Super Bowl never. Only Super Bowl we gonna is on Damn Madden. Need y'all talk to me right now. Y'all upset. That's what I, I get for laughing. That's what I get for laughing at the Saints, them boohoo, gumbo good e motherfucker cursing me. That's what they did. They cursed me and my team. I don't even wanna go out there perform tonight. I don't even wanna go out there and perform. But I got two.


We had what Cowboy had? 16 Russian yard. I mean 16 Kara 51 motherfucking Russian yard. But y'all wanna go out and get Zeke belly ring wearing ass Zeke, you a boy wearing a belly ring. TRASHH took a God Derrick Henry. Man, the same motherfucker that's running over us today. Hell I can go play running back for the cowboy right now. CD lamb fumbling. But you were crying for a payday. But you get the ball, you're fumbling. Rule number one, catch the ball and tuck it. You tuck it and get down.


You gonna catch the ball and stay up high knowing you got somebody behind you. Now you gonna fumble in the red zone. That's critical. I'm gonna tell y'all something man. I'm gonna talk. We're gonna talk real football right here today man. While I ain't got that much time, but we gonna talk real football. Them first three quarters, the Dallas Cowboy looked like an unprepared team to me. What y'all see, I seen a team that Baltimore Ravens came out that first drive and rang it down they motherfucking throat. Paul rang it down they throat. We didn't have no answer. Michael Parson looking up to the sky. God ain't watching. You know God can't help you.


You that what you had train account for our season four film study. Y'all knew what Baltimore was gonna run and you still didn't stop. We gonna look like a very good football team. Damn. The score 28, 25. That game wasn't close. And y'all know it. Dak throwing the ball all behind Zeke on third. I remember that third and five threw it right behind him. But y'all wanna sit up here. Don't blame Dak. I don't blaming every motherfucking body on the team, including the people in the concession stand the damn hot dogs don't taste better when when you losing y'all come on hit the like button if you just not coming here.


Come on in here. Y'all wanna come in here and watch me go out on the cowboy That ain't on the team. I'm gonna go out Houston, Texas TRASHH I you, you, you you served sip ride motherfucker. I better not see no in Houston no more this week. CJ styled my ass coming up there and got beat by Sam Ham. 34 of self. Let's talk about that. Houston Texs. Let's talk about in Houston. I bet not see no swings. Y'all better take y'all must ass to the doctors because you leave the STDs down in Houston.


Had this little old yellower hit me up. When you gonna come through? Never. Oh you burning. You burning like them people on Mississippi burning more. I'm not, I don't, I don't give a damn how fine And I your ass here. I don't want it. I'd rather pleasure myself than to get burnt. Never. I'm not going to do it. Y come y'all come over here and talk to me. Y'all come over here and talk to me right now. Dolphins. That damn dolphin drown again today. See your house beat y'all. 24 3. You better go out there and get Ciara hub Russell Wilson. It's gonna be a long near Miami.


It's gonna be a long motherfucking you guy named Miami. I'm telling you that right now. You dolphin vans. Oh it's inside your you live damn tour. Don't know where he at right now. Two in Ju. But he in the living room but he think he in Ju. But to get y'all a quarterback and while I'm talking shit, we need a quarterback too. I'd rather have Bryce Young than Dak right now. 28 for 51. 379. Yo D ain't going to get it. Damn. Baltimore down oh two Sugar been down sugar low. Baltimore should be down oh three right now. I can't think straight y'all, I ain't gonna be able to sleep tonight.


I don't even wanna have sex tonight y'all. It's just how I'm feeling right now man. A cowboy got me so upset. My blood pressure up right now. I ain't going to work tomorrow. I really don't wanna hear what y'all got to say. My homeboy and them called him but they gonna do not disturb. I'm gonna give a damn what they going through. They could be death. I'm still not answering my motherfucking phone. I take these losses personal y'all because I talk so much shit during the week to everybody. I'm calling grandma riding my fast. I'm calling everybody I know talking shit. It's the Cowboys. You're soon as we lose. I'm nowhere be found. I don't wanna talk. I don't wanna talk right now.


This is in the background playing. Dig. Cut that motherfucking dig off. Get in jail crying and all you motherfucker up. Y'all better than me. See I've spent four hours in jail. I would've been right back out on the streets. Damn dub. How you come home? The feds got you covid. Everybody that were participating in them freakouts shit. Y'all will be in there with me. Shit did they buying oil for them? Buying oil for them me. All these years y'all giving diggy little awards and appreciation. War. She hold time.


Diddy behind cold D wearing weaves and flip flops and lips. His name ain't even Diggy. It's Die. Yeah, got dig. His real name son die Turn. But I want no what I want no cat but want that line meet. That's what they want. You want that Mo Fossil? I told y'all Floyd called me one day. Hey man, hey Diggy wanna meet you never get off my motherfucking phone champ. I don't wanna talk about no damn Diggy. How y'all feeling this Sunday? Man if you a Cowboy fan, I know you upset like me. Some of y'all probably. Okay well we we didn't lose that bad though.


Damn. All that soft shit with loss one and two, that ain't a good record. That's a losing record to me. One and two. That shit ain't ing to me. Type shit. It ain't laughing to me. High Five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high.


The number five casino.com. Five five casino. Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar my smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood. That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now. Hey it's Lunchbox from the Bobby Bone Show and I'm here to tell you the National Sales Event is on at your local Toyota dealer.


Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive. You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places. Looking for a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here.


You won't just solve problems, you'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career. Visit cgi.com/women To start building the future you've always imagined. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your card rails in place. With Greenlight you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real-time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight.


Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart. That's greenlight.com/iheart. You name my ain't mad for y'all. I'm sorry it just ain't laughing to me right now. Damn Steelers three and oh damn Justin Fields saying Russell Wilson done Never touched the field again. Better call on future Russell. You better do something because Justin Fields is showing y'all. He the man barrels coach Anthony Richardson said come here Kayla Williams look better. He look better at this game. I ain't gonna lie. I talk, I talk shit but Kayla Williams look better at this game Chicago fan.


You still ain't gonna win no motherfucking games though. Real talk. It's gonna be a long, long season but I can see the progress in Kayla Williams right now. I'm not going lie. But yeah man I don't really know what to say right now man. The Saints. I know y'all laughing but I don't know what y'all laughing at. Y'all lost Derek Carr is who we fuck We thought he was a nobody told y'all Gary car. Daddy didn't even know who he was. Them first two games. Hell he had to call and make sure that was his damn son but he reverted back. Oh Gary car reverted back now y'all, y'all don't wanna listen to me now I know I get on here and tell the eyes 'cause I be saying Cowboy gonna win but I'm gonna real fan real.


I'm gonna die Cowboy. I'll get out there and fight. Well no I ain't gonna get out there and fight. At least I say how I fight but I'm lying y'all. I know I'm scary. Shit do can't fight. All them fans be in there fighting for they team. Shit y'all better than me. I'm looking for security. Come here dude right here threatened me. Get his ass outta him. Too much going on in the world right now man. Too much Bucca News done lost 26 to seven done left the done, done. Lost to both picks. Not Bo. Nicks both picks. You lost 26 to seven. Told y'all Baker TRASHH field and what y'all thought he was. He can't even see over the line. Boy. You gotta get on your tip toes and see that's how I be because I ain't got no meat.


I get on my tip toes and hit them hole. Come here, come here baby. Hold my arm. They rock hard ain't they? I know they rock hard. Just squeeze them. That's what I'm talking about. I'm right telling y'all right now. Y'all dub ain't feeling too good right now man. My blood pressure through the roof. Who wear Panthers? Panthers beat the Raiders. How the hell y'all lose? Andy do 75. I raid Andy do. And why Andy do got a motherfucking job. I know. Why y'all know why he got the complexion for the protection. Y'all don't me today.


Y'all gonna hear me. Packers big up on the Titans. Young Buck need to retire so they wanna ride with me. We can get low retire. Damn Titans ain't worth for damn Lion beat the Cardinals as I thought. That's what I'm talking about. Detroit make big meats. Fry big meats finna come home. Lemme tell you something big Meek, you finna come home tell you something. I want you to come home with a clean slate. You better not pick up now motherfucking narcotic or you're going right back. See I praise him. Dope dude. Ah man I love big meat. I'll send his ass back.


Let me see him with some weed or something or a pill. He going right back. I'm finna clean the world up. I'm finna get all the drugs. United State back where I'm from Alto it's 700 people down there. I love my people but they on that good dope down there. I'm finna clean the city up when I come, when I pull up down there I Man you finally come back home fam. I'm coming back to send you motherfuckers to jail. Y'all gonna do right by these kids out here. These kids watching us these days. Real talk f all the bullshit. Real talk. These kids are watching us man. They're watching everything we do. Everything we do. These kids is lost. They ain't wanting to go to school.


Know what I'm saying? My stepson 13 can't even tie his motherfucking shoe. His mama talking about he he, he got a problem. He got more than a motherfucking problem at 13. Can't tie his shoe but he wants motherfucker I'm buying steps. No real, Jordan ain't real son so he ain't getting real shit. Better call your daddy. I'm not getting none of that. That's what I told him. But when he put them motherfucking paws on me, shit I took them straight down another foot locker. Get what you want. He called me all kind of whole ass niggas and I am.


I be at my brother calling me. Let that little old young dude put hands on you call me next time he started cutting up be bro. I called you and he started cutting up. I called my brother, come here. He on one. I'm on my way bro. Be my brother pulled up. I was on the front porch. I didn't say a word. All I did was he ain't Now my brother winging that motherfucking limb room. When I tell y'all they youngster danced on that nigga. My brother ain't talked to me in four weeks. You see what I go through when my, my stepson tell me go in my room, I go in there. I don't come out until he say so. Shit. Y'all laughing. Shit you just can't fight.


I bet I whoop. I bet you don't. That little motherfucker know every UFC move in the book. Shit I thought we was Anderson Seal for C year. I was tapping out killing his mama. Get him. Get this nigga off off me. And if you're watching this show right now man, then you gotta know this show being presented by prize picks going download the the number one sports fantasy app that's in the game right now. Use my promo code TRASHH with two H's. TRASHH going do it right now. First time user you play $5 they gonna give you 50 in your pocket, sock it to your pocket, five to 50 and all. And it's easy to play.


It is more or less real talk that had Dak to have over 253 yards a day. You either have to put more or less. Yeah they got by John Robinson for the play of Kansas City Chiefs. They got him state to have 70 yards tonight. You either put more or less. That's easy. You can't beat that. Guess what? You could have a player that ball out the first half but he don't even come back the second half. You think you gonna lost out? No you have it got an got an injury policy. They don't even ate you. That's what I love about prize pitch. If you want to make some money you better go over a prize pitch right now and use my promo code trades real talk. He knows what he and he's here tell you.


I'm not lying to y'all. I'm telling y'all with God. Lord somebody hit me off. What do do you wear condoms? Hell no. I'm not wearing no motherfucking condom for what I want Feel it. I want feel. Ain't nothing like putting that naked head in there then she gonna hang a near tear me. You bet not nothing me. Shit my pull out game Weaker D baby dirt legs come here. Yeah come here. Lemme show you what you been missing? I ain't nothing like looking them holes in their eye baby I love you then. Nothing. Come here. Come here. Listen. Love making night except me. I ain't making no I'm mad we lost.


I don't know how y'all feeling but that's how I'm feeling right now. How y'all feeling? I want y'all right now to talk to me. I got about five more minutes. I gotta go on stage and deliver. I gotta deliver. Hell call me the mailman. Dub gonna deliver. Had this one chick called me, I need you to pull up and drop out some D shit. I ain't got no D hell you got me. You got me messed up with the wrong nigga. You know I ain't got no deal give you. All I got is pressure to give you and I ain't talking about right here. I'm talking about this kind of pressure. I rough your ass up in there now I'm bullshitting y'all. That's why I'm going to playing fitness right now and work out so I can get stronger muscles so I can hold in the headlock so she can feel some kind of pressure when I'm hitting her from the back.


Real talk. I'm on her motherfucking neck when I'm hitting her from the back she can feel every breath. Damn right. Shit come here. You can't get away from me. You can't get away from do Chiefs in the F Chiefs in the F tonight. Who you got land on? Y'all gonna get Kirk cousin hundred million. She he better come on with it. That Kirk cousin better come on with it y'all. That's all I gotta tell you right now. Talk to me goddamn offensive line. Lemme tell y'all something about that dollar cowboy offensive line. Them motherfucker big for nothing. Tyron Smith every time I look around he on his motherfucking back. I thought it was a porn star.


Do you hear me? 330 pounds on your motherfucking back boy. What's wrong with you? What kind of ribs you eating? Boy? You need to go to Chili's and get them baby back ribs. They damn right there. RPO killing us every time the more fake it to Henry Big back bagel back ass. He'll take out for 10 or 15 yards. Michael Parson over there with his hands over here. I don't wanna see your hands on your motherfucking helmet. You gonna lay here 15 yard penalty. That gonna make me feel better. They gonna let me know you trying to do something. They gonna get no penalty. They gonna do a motherfucking thing right over there in Dallas but lose and y'all satisfied.


Are we only lost by three? The hell with that? What about that nasty barbecue meat? Y'all interrogated in barbecue four. Nobody want that nasty as meat. It ain't season mother damn asking me do I want a plate. Never. I gotta work tomorrow. Fuck around and fall out and die eating that motherfucking meat. Y'all cooking. You don't wash your hand. I know you niggas don't wash your hands. Watch y. Y'all go in there pee. Don't. I don't hear no damn waffle And you don't even shake when you pee. Y'all nasty. Then the little old women come through. Y'all want offer the female. You want something to drink nigga you ain't offer me nothing to drink. You owe me $3,000 but you want offer this whole something to drink man. Where my pistol at?


Tired of playing with y'all niggas. I wanna treat the ho out. Hey baby, you want something Eat. What about me nigga? Shit, I want some brisket too. I want something to drink. Oh man. Just for the women. Gimme my $3,000. Oh man you trying to front me now. Look you trying to show out. You ain't got no money to be giving away. I they wanna pay me on the back end though. I'm, I'm telling y'all man I'm tired of playing with y'all man. You owe me. Gimme my mother money. Y'all do it 'cause I'm short and I can't fight. But I'm telling y'all, y'all gonna do that to them. Niggas in the prison when y'all go, when them niggas want they soups y'all give 'em they suit you Call your mama and your daddy. I need some money. I'm a commissary. You know what I'm saying? I just gave you some money charge. I need some old mama.


But when it come to my little thing, black ugly glad who can't fight. Y'all wanna feel like y'all can bully me. I'm stopping all that bullying shit in 2024. I'm telling you right now. I'm finna go get my pistol out the out the god dang pawn shop. I'm finna go get my shit out the PA shop. TRASHH of the day going to Mike McCarthy. TRASHH can't coach. Why you think Green Bay fired him? Why you think Green Bay fired him? Need y'all Hager to come on in here today. Colorado won last night. Who in the thrill come?


What come Travis come Coach Prime might got seven toes but he's stomping on you. Ho. Must be. Oh I love, I love Trump saying you hast eating cats and dog Kodak where you at? Put that motherfucking fat down Kodak and come address Trump. That's what you need to do. We waiting on you. But I know Real has don't eat cats and do I know that? I know who eat cats and do I done a few cats. I done ate a few balls.


Shit I ain't lying. I'm bark now. I'm a big dog. I'm a can car so come here. Y'all gonna respect me man. If you on my show right now, you ain't getting this kind of entertainment. No world motherfucker there but right here. So thank y'all for coming to watch me. We do this shit after every show, after every game, after every big game. You can catch me going live. Man. I appreciate y'all for coming on here man. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button man. I swear to God man. I love each and every one of y'all. I see y'all again tomorrow night, Monday night after the game. God bless. I gotta hit this stage. If you ain't seen me hit that stage yet, man you missing a treat. I'm finna go out here and give you people a real motherfucking show.


I love you. God bless Mouth The Volume High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes at Big Vegas. Hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five Casino. Hey, who doesn't love bacon?


And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature Bose's a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all coalitions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. Looking For a career that challenges you in all the right ways. At CGI, we're more than just an IT and business consulting firm. We're a global team of 90,000 strong shaping the future of tech and business here. You won't just solve problems. You'll design solutions that change industries all while maintaining balance in your personal life. Whether you're a crypto enthusiast, a cultivator of ideas, or on a trajectory to greatness, CGI is where you can have it all ready to level up your career.


Visit cgi.com/women to start building the future you've always imagined What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out boz.com.