
Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency, Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. Now with the superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you could experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


The Volume. What's up everybody? Welcome to the Bubble. Do Show. Welcome to the Bubble Do Show. Today is Monday night. I'm feeling good. How y'all feeling right now? How y'all feeling mentally though? Like mentally? How y'all feeling? Hit the like button man. Yeah, go ahead. Hit the subscribe button to all the people that's new here. Thank you. Thank you for coming over to The Bubba Dub Show. Where we talk sports, where we talk life, where we talk everything. We might laugh, we might cry. We don't know. You never know where I'm gonna be with this. You never know. I'm all over the place but the end of the day I make it make sense.


Now we come here today because you know weekend coming up is wide court playoffs and we going to get the game in just a few minutes. But tonight I gonna talk about Tyreek Hill Thele post game interview yesterday know he ain't even played four quarter yesterday. You know he, he checked out, you know mentally, you know after the game they asked him questions about next season. He said that he don't wanna be a Miami Dolphin no more. He want to go somewhere else. That's cool. But at the end of the day, nigga you sign the contract. Do you hear me? You sign the contract therefore, and Bernie Mac boy shook.


Don't look at me, don't talk to me. I tell you what, you better go on get out my face before you get sw. See that's the problem Players things don't go that way or or you didn't put up the numbers that you wanted to put up. Now you want go now I want you to stay right with your badass f you was right there in Kansas City. Had all the gates Arthur Bride Barbecue. It was, you didn't know motherfucking barbecue. No, you born a goddamn Cuban sandwich So you wouldn't buy none. Miami and first, first two years, that goddamn Cuban sandwich was great. Now you only know no you get what your ass sign look for.


So now you not going nowhere. I know you probably mad that that cop dunked you on your neck. But that cop got fired. That cop got fired for him. If I'm the dog of the organization, I'm not getting rid of your ass. You going play for me and them 12 keys. You got they better big every motherfucking home game too because you're playing out here in the 3 0 5. I got trick daddy. I got Luke, I got Rick Ross, I got damn Ringo, I got everybody got some motherfucking power. Let's have a great time. Where you going fam? Just a year ago everybody was thinking that Miami had a chance to do something.


Why you go? Because because the damn dolphin that y'all brought in, hiss broke. It's all wrong with you. His damns broke which is his head. No you in Miami great weather when it's cold as warm and when it warm is warm where going now you want go and tell and talk all that. I ain't know if I'm gonna be here, you know? No I love it Here you know I love Miami, I appreciate it. No, no you nota go no motherfucking world. I bought a Bo Gotti and God damnit. I don't get some goddamn boom Gotti goddamn on yours and touchdowns out.


Your ass wrong with some of these Play up man. When the tough going tough get tough. They wanna run. Nah dog. You had Patrick Mahomes as your motherfucking quarterback dog and you didn't wanna be there no more. You want to go and get Gimme my man. Well guess what The Dolphins gave you your man. And guess what, you gonna gimme some motherfuck production. You gonna gimme some production because I feel like ain't no other NFL team gonna gimme what I want for you and what I value yet. That's my thing. I know some of y'all saying I get rid of him but who you gonna to get for? Who you gonna to get that's going bring what he bring? Tell me right now you ain't gonna get it.


I'm the Dolphins. I'm gonna get rid of you. I want three first round picks. I know nobody gonna to get egg up therefore your ass gonna be a Miami Dolphin now. Bam. I know you mad. You didn't put up no numbers, you ain't look like a top five receiver. We know it. The numbers say you ain't a top five receiver but we know you are. We know you are. We know what you went through this shirt but nah we ain't letting, that's how we do it. Fucking run. We ain't run. You got a contract God damnit you abide by it. You gonna abide by that fucking contract. I'm a Miami Dolphin fan. God damnit he tried to get out there. I sue him.


I come up with a suit. They suing everybody else or he bullshit these day. I sue him. You sure Tyre Hill for? For leaving? God damn I done bought a house down here in Miami thinking he gonna be here. I done got a job down here in Miami 'cause I'm thinking he gonna be here now. He leaving Shit. No you shitting me. I sure shit got Tyreek Hill. If he dig Dolphin, if I'm a dolphin I put a stop to that shit. Cincinnati Bingos nigga who? Tyreek Hill shit. Tyreek Hill want that money. Yeah I already, they already done paid Burrow. They gotta pay Chase and then you got Higgins over there.


They gotta make some decisions. They gotta make some decisions and and I like Joe Burrow, he saying all the right things. He want him to receive what to get paid but that's all fine it but how much motherfucking money you wanna come up out with Burrow me dig to this $260 million you got. That's that's reconstruction instead of you making 60 million a year, won't you come on down to about 43? God damnit I can get you some defensive pad in him now you want the whole buncha fucking pie yourself and when your stomach hurt God damnit I don't wanna hurt. Ain't nobody can tell you you all the goddamn chocolate pie shot a goddamn chocolate pie sometime.


That's all I'm saying. Tyreek they well yeah I think you a great player. Think you on hall of Fame track right now. All this shit crying about how you gonna wanna be there no more. It ain't gonna work. If I'm another organization I'm looking at in two years, you gonna be doing the same thing to me. No nigga stay where you at know about y'all work. I'm down here in East Texas. It's getting cold. Don't a motherfucker out here if you in East Texas then you know about that cold front. Tell me I'm lying nigga. I don't coach and this is my kind of year you see it. That's why I got all my coat right now because it's cold and you can't see how mu how bad built I am.


You got right. I'm bad built up under this coat but you can't tell during the winter time and I love the winter time coat. You can't see how bad I'm built. Goddamn. And I look it, I'm walking through Walmart now like a goddamn model. Summertime. I ain't going in there because my body ain't it ain't, it ain't right. You know what I'm saying. My left hip bigger than my right hip boy. I'm, I'm fucked off. I think God that but I'm fucked off, you know what I'm saying? I ain't, you know I'm Nobu, I ain't on no creatine. I ain't going on that muscle mass shit. That shit don't work for me. Niggas go in that gym and pump everything.


I can't do it. I pump this ain't trash. That's more pumping cold. I ain't text boy. I'm not bullshitting black folks when it's cold, when it's hot they outside. They walking around and having a good time when it's cold niggas in the house by four 30 he go on if you ain't got no damn here they got the oven open. Tell me I'm from the, I'm from the old school, I'm from the country. We had the ovens on and down. We gonna keep the whole motherfucking house warm off that oven. Oh yeah the real country and down there in east Texas where I'm from Alto you got Rush, you got Jacksonville, you got Palestine, you got ndo, you got Luton, Senator Albertine, Shelbyville, Palestine Crack it let tell you trail riding nigga something, it's cold outside.


That motherfucking horse better have some hey niggas lemme find out them horses down niggas text ain't got no hey you niggas going to jail yo. I'm not. You niggas gonna jail. Some of you women disgusting y'all with these niggas who can't even feed a goddamn animal. How you going to feed you and your kid Make it make sense. Y'all out here in these big ass trucks, big ass camps, everything big except the motherfucking horse. What they do Nick do you hear? You don't know if that's a horse or a goddamn wolf.


I'm got my phone, I'm coming down there in my truck and my binocular and I'm telling you right now I be not see no bones and noling them goddamn horses and them dogs. I am you niggas better have they papers. You trying to sell me a dollar for 2000. That motherfucker about paper better go all the way back to King Alexander. Agree. I wanna see I owe the peg nickel sell me a dollar for $3,000 and he ain't even registered. He bet I have one and he better have his pabo shot. Rabies arm vay. He better have that all. He better not have no fleas on him. Even you'll be spending the night in county jail Trevor.


You know playoff games coming up, you got the packer versus the Eagles. It's simple. Who you trust? Jalen Hirst or Jordan Lu? Who do you trust the most in the playoff game? Jalen Sip and Sharp. Her or Jordan used to ride the bench behind Aaron Rogers Love who you got won't be a good game. It's gonna be a good guy game but I ride with a time Jalen he back to the big dance before he didn't win because he went up against that zebra pat ma home. He didn't we but he done been to the dance before. Right now I'm trusting Jaylen hurts over Jordan Love. I know love gonna do what he do. I feel like he can carve up that Eagles defense.


I trust Jaylen hurts. I trust Saquon Barkley. I trust AJ Brown. I trust Devonte Smith goddam it. I trust them. I said do the handcuff from the Packers. He had a ride on a couple of years. They were going 12 and four and all this and that and get to the playoffs In lieu. In lieu. So you asking me, I trust Nick Che, I trust Jaylen Hurtz I trust say I trust them ball them Philly bars more than I trust the Green Bay pack. That's all. I'm not downing the Packers. I know I got some fans over here. I'm not downing your team. I'm just telling you before I seen just thus far who I trust.


That's all woke up. He been, he shit her ought to have 300 yard passing and god damn 88 yards rushing come next week you had plenty of wrist. So I got the Eagles wing now next game we got the commanders versus the books. This a go. You got Jayden Daniels rookie versus Baker Mayfield. Who do you trust the most right now? Well let's go to that regular season status. Daniels had 25 touchdown nine picks. Goddamn Baker Mayfield had 41 touchdown 16 interceptions. Who do you trust the most right now?


Right now watch the name on the motherfucking Super Bowl and four their four years bucks ain't too long. One one Now I know Tom Brady ain't in there but Bruce Aaron still upstairs so that pedigree still walking around that motherfucking arena. Do you hear me Pedigree still walking around the Tampa Bay arena still in that organization right now y'all so I'm telling you I'm riding with Baker Mayfield, I'm riding with Mike Heavens hell, that's who I'm riding with right now in this game. Do I want Jayden Daniel to do right, do good. You damn right I really want him to win but I don't see it. I got to be real on this show and I know I got some commander fans in here talking.


Come on do you tripping motherfucker. Y'all lost a Cooper rush. Shut up and stand down and Trump boys. If I'm a watch commander fan, you watch how you talk to me. They lower your motherfucking tone when you talk to me when we talk about football, you lower your tone. Real talk. You ain't got no business talking. Oh yeah you in the playoffs but that's about it. What motherfucking Super Bowl y'all Finn go me? Huh? When the last time y'all won? Huh? Last time I checked you was a red skinned Now you a commander. Stop it. You're what we say you are and this weekend your ass don't lose boy make a Mayfield fun. Go behind nothing and do it boy. Real talk. Go see somewhere right now with a mouth full of soul.


Do you hear me? Got Mayfield win this one. So I'm telling you right now I'm trusting Baker Mayfield win this game this weekend. Next game Vikings and the Ramos Sam do Matthew staff come here? That team on paper the pings but that don't mean shit come playoffs because they got a motherfucking quarterback over there that so already want one. Yeah Matthew staff. Yeah he got what Detroit Line's looking for. Right. They looking for damn right. That's what Matthew staff got right now they paying the Minnesota bikers and Minnesota PIRs one of the best teams in the in NFL right now.


But y'all going up against a Jugg or and God sung me babe and God Matthew stop and that and that and that Someo in receiver pca. That motherfucker don't drop nothing. The last thing I seen PCA drop a ball, I seen a catch fucker like this. I said my god drug testing when motherfucker catching ball this and that. I want them standing up running to the sideline nigga run over in that blue tin and piss in this car. Got the goddamn, see well see no sister boy because something ain't right And key sweat boy something something something just ain't running real talk.


These niggas ain't running around here jumping out the gym and all that for nothing. Them niggas on something God make everybody different. Number one thing God ain't going to do, he ain't gonna lie. He niggas is on some special performance enhancing rules. So I got Matthew staff winning real talk next game. Who I got charges first of them goddamn swinging ass Texans is who I got. Who you got there? What quarterback you trust the most? Do you trust Justin Herbert or you said or you trust CJ staff? Well let just tell you that Reckless right now. This year Herbert was 23 touchdown three picks Stout, 20 touchdown 12 picks. Guess what? I trust Justice Sher even though I won't it time to win but I'm gonna be a realist.


They hurt offensive hurt, defensive hurt got Justice Sherbert go over her with cheating at John Harbaugh. I'm telling you right now. That's a rest for success. If your ass ain't cheating, your ass ain't trying to win. I got the I I got the LA charges coming down here to Eighth Town winning that goddamn game And guess what they Tex team gonna be with the other Texan team. I know my Tex fans don't. Right. I know y'all watch up man waiting man we gonna beat the charger. No you're not. No you're not. Y'all not healthy Bubba. If y'all was healthy I would say man Texan got a chance to go all the way. But you and I both know y'all not healthy now.


Now I'm picking Justice Sherbert over style. Okay you wanna break that down? How damn we can go hit coaches Will you taking Jim Harbaugh or DCO Ryans if you a Bettman, who you gonna take Harbaugh or dco? Ryans my God point. Exactly. You better ride with them chargers if you are a betting man put your money on the charger Ain't nowhere about much because they can't really store that much. I think the score gonna be around 24 20. Jim Harbaugh gonna pull it off. Do I want see CJ Star pull it off you damn I gotta do, I'm all for it but I just don't see it. I got to be real in the games I call now you got the Steelers and you got the Ravens for your talk. Who you trust the most?


Russell Wilson, Lamar Jackson. Now we got to bring everything in the county this because Russell Wilson got a ring. Remember man you said man staff got a ring. God they got a chance to be, I don't even think our fingers who, who going win that game outta line. I mean out the ramp. I didn't, I'm mistaken, sorry the Vikings going win that game though. I, I'm just sorry I get a little ahead of myself but the Vikings going beat the LA Rams. I I know I didn't say it but I'm saying it now. Back to this game. Who I got Steelers or Ravens? Who you trust the most? Russell Wilson Super Bowl champion went there twice, won one lowest one got Lamar Jackson ain't never been there but he probably finger win his third MVP we're gonna name off they stats.


Russell Wilson 16 touchdown five interception this year. Your boy Jackson action Jackson four. One touchdown. Four interceptions with Derrick Henry in the backfield. Who could you trust right now? Russell Wilson and Lamar Jackson. I'm going with Action Jackson because I honestly think Derrick Henry was the missing piece because all the other playoff game that man had to put the game the ball in his hand and he had to get too much for him to do. Now you ain't the only no one motherfucker they watching. They watching Henry too. You can't watch both. God damn you hear me? You can't watch both. That's all I'm saying because I'm die them mother eyes now you handicap.


That's all I'm saying. Real You can't see. You can't watch because somebody something else. I got the Ravens beating the Steelers. I got the Ravens beating the steel Steelers in this game. In this game I got the Bronco versus Bills Broncos good season. You got Bo Nicks rookie, you got Sean Peyton and now he got Russell ass up out done. Now you got the quarterback he won but now you going up against the Buffalo bill now you going up against Josh Allen we'll talk Bo. Nicks 29 touchdown 12 picks Josh Allen 28 touchdown six picks. It's gonna come down to turnover. Who gonna turn the ball over But we already know Bo Nicks a turn that motherfucker over. We know Josh Allen can beat you with his arm in with your feet.


Hell we know Bo Nicks can run too but he ain't dug to the stint. How Josh Allen gonna do it. Oh he got some motherfucker receivers now over there. Oh yeah he got Ma Cooper got right got over there. Got my little player partner Keon Cole. I run it back to it. James Cook got offensive line. Tell y'all I ain't gonna say too much about the defense because them motherfuckers up and down but I'm just talking about forced offenses. High buffalo bills against the Denver Bronco. Who do you trust the most? I trust Josh Allen more than I trust Bo Nicks they got Josh Allen in the MVP race. It's cool but he ain't gonna win no action Jackson don't win that. So who do you trust the most? I got all league quarterbacks. That's how, that's how you justice and quarterback in the playoffs.


Who do you trust the most? So you think Bo Nixon go down there and Buffalo and not play Josh Allen? I don't think so. Really don't you? A rookie eight mistakes. He ain't never been in this kind of situation before because everybody know FL playoffs is just slow down. Oh every motherfucker throw ass gonna come down to they run game. Can Buffalo run the ball? I think they can well cook. He been running all motherfucking season. Why it's gonna stop now And you know what happened when the team can run that ball, you know what will happen when the team controlled the clock turn overs and clockwork baby it's like guns and ball. Yeah whoever turned the ball over this and whoever had a ball the most who win the games along with Vegas.


You know Vegas got they handling this shit. But you know it's a 60 minute ball game. If I got the ball 40 minutes and you only got that 29 times outta 10, I'm going to win that motherfucking game. And that's the way I see these games playing out between these quarterbacks. Who got the ball most and who going to turn the ball over the mo Who can get sacks? Who can have the less penalties? That's who gonna win any games brother. It's simple. Talk to me God damnit I'm willing to talk back tonight. Come here, come talk to me. I'm here all night. I ain't got nothing to do. Talk. Who y'all got winning between the Broncos and the bills? I'm looking right now goddamn I'm in the chat with you. Talk to me second round. Bills Ravens can't wait.


Okay Detroit cool. Who at Ravens? 35, 10. Okay cool. I see where y'all going with this shit at. I definitely see where y'all going with this shit at. We are talk y'all tune in. We ain't bullshitting on this bubble do show. I told you we talk sports and I'm gonna talk some other shit too. Yeah that's what we do over here. We talk about everything and like I told you, I'm down here in H town. This done got cold. There's no motherfucker but guess who ain't cold. Them motherfucking white folks do you hear me? Don't white folks ain't cold like black people cold. When we cold we got on coats, we got on thermals. God damn we got on Chris coat, we got recovery no wip it it's cold.


I went to the store today I seen a white boy and a short sleeve shirt, some cargo shorts and some damn boots. Do you hear me? It's cold but this white boy got on a short sleeve shirt y'all cargo shorts and some boots. Meanwhile I'm over here goddamn shivering like a newborn goddamn jerk. Goddamn white folks don't be cold but niggas do. That's why they keep up to this goddamn shit. What they shirt off? Well you know we lost Justin. Why Justin die? God damn pneumonia. I throw his goddamn damn no shirt on, know nothing and he died.


You think you can't pay a nigga to run out there with no shirt on, no socks on no shit yet. It's grown me in 25 and 30 years old right now. I tell you man I can't do that man. My mama never whooped my ass. They find out I'm outside in the cold with no socks on. Shit. If people gonna play that shit, you gonna put your goddamn socks on when it's cold and put something on your goddamn arms that's coming from a mama. Y'all know I ain't lying. Some of y'all gonna be on this show 55 years old. Your mama probably 75 or 80 and it's cold outside right now today go over there with no goddamn long sleeve on watch what your mama or your grandma tell you baby you shit black folk.


We won't play that getting sick. Shit if you sick you stay your motherfucking ass at the house. We ain't become a river no runny nose, evil and all that. No you stay your ass at the house until you well on. No that's the law I live by. That's the law we live by. Your kids sick and you wanna go out you shit you ain't going, you gonna sit there with that sick ass child and get that sick ass child. Well ain't no coming over here. My son got a hair game but I gotta, I'm trying to go out I be damn I be damn. I told you you mothers going to be mucks in 2025. Oh yeah you gonna be a mother to that whole ass dog.


Your 'cause you didn't teach her nothing. See out here selling coochie, selling tiggy, selling mouth selling everything she could sell now you won't come over here and talk about her. No that's your dog. God. She learned that bullshit from you. Every time she looked around you had a new man in your motherfucking house but you want talk about your dog adult she got from you. She got that bullshit and that foolish from you. I want a woman that's watching this show right now. You probably gonna slept with all kind of men. That's your motherfucking business. But that don't define you baby. Oh yeah, you can make a change. You can make a motherfucking change. Real talk. Well everybody keep calling me a hoe. You know how you can stop that.


That's what I told. I said you know how you can stop that being called ho How? Stop talking simple. You gonna move them calling you a ho. Goddammit stop and y'all got me on the road tonight man. How y'all feeling man I got, I feel like I be preaching sometime I feel like I'm in a P peer pit and I and I I'm just pouring out y'all and God damn it. Some of you receive it, some of you don't real talk. Some of you receive it, some of you don't. Okay. You'll never be able to say Bubba Dub didn't tell me. I'm gonna tell it like it is whether you like it or you don't.


I'm gonna tell it like it is real talk. Too many bullshit going on. Too many people in our lives, in our families. When your car fuck up, oh man I can fix your car. Bring it by him big. You bring it by the, your car end up being out worser than what it was when you brought the motherfucker and had my car. Two or three goddamn weeks. This motherfucker still ain't running. Oh yeah you might want to take that back to the dealership. No nigga you might wanna to get you a goddamn bulletproof fair because I these goddamn dumb 30 30 go you my car but you want Miami. He bullshit ass tret tree mechanics ain't one for damn.


And you gotta watch these niggas too because some of these nigga niggas don't be working for money. These nigga be working for ass. I can't stand them whole ass niggas who can work on car real good. Gotta a fine female a car fuck up. It's gonna cost about about $2,500. Fix it. These bullshit ass shame shade treatment chance goddamn cut deals for a little big LED monkey and God get the bullshit. Good car fixing having ass niggas I can't stand them. I fix your brakes. This whole ain't got no money but she'd get that motherfucker off. She so in. Oh he could fix cars even though I can't fix shit, I can't even fix a goddamn flat. This Miley hand motherfucker over here.


Fucker put his hands out over you. Here you go. Oh a big motherfucker. There you go. If I can't get it.


Hey y'all watching this show being presented by prospects man right there at the bottom. That's code scan. Yeah First time you was put $5 in you get 50 real talk. But why just put five in God put 50 and $60 in. That's how you get the big money. Real talk more or less on your favorite player. Yeah real talk.


If you can't watch this show your only condition God damnit and you know go get Apple podcast, go to Spotify, type in bubble do damn pretending man saved my name three times. Bubble do we talk It's Monday night y'all. What y'all eat tonight man? What y'all cook? Talk to me. What y'all cook man? What y'all cook tonight man it's Monday. What's a normal meal on a Monday in the house. What is it? What's a normal meal man? What's a good meal? Somebody told me fish don't go with spaghettis but I'm from the south. Whatever we had to cook God damnit that's what we ate. What is a good meal to eat on a Monday night? Talk to me. I know somebody gonna be on here gonna be real nasty and I like it But what y'all gonna cook on a Monday? Talk to yeah Skill bailiff.


He the biggest goddamn trick in the world. Trick shit. Yeah that damn skill Bayless done took over y'all. That girl I give you 1.5 million. I heard you been with he was was throwing slow. You been with uncle. I don't want you be with me. I'm the real boss. That white girl told God damn Skip Bailey. No you get your long pointed nose out my motherfucking face. Real. That's what that white girl told him. She told you rat tear your face motherfucker you you gonna wait for him. I'm a lady and I don't sell no coaching. That's what she told. Skip skip one time you hear that shit. She say baby I can move you up through ranks.


That's how them old manipulative motherfuckers work man that's not that do how women in real time. You women. Y'all feel sorry for y'all. Y'all got it bad. I am. You know you ain't gonna move up unless you gimme none. That's bullshit. I don't like a motherfucker that do that don't hinder nobody else's success because you can't get what you want. That's bullshit. If that woman deserve to move up, God damnit you move her up. If they young man deserve to be moved up, God damnit you moving up. See that's what some of you go white people used to do us. We wanna working on this goddamn machine for 40 years. You motherfuckers don't wanna move us. Oh well guess what Help is on the motherfucking way. We don't talk this motherfucker that been working on the machine, that's illegal.


I never had motherfucker in charge of this machine. Now guess what? You know a nigga, how a nigga gonna run that? I figure here follow a year. I'm gonna run this machine. I I don't wanna run the machine. Y'all take y'all ass back up there to their front office. I got this shit down here. Black people. The only people I know will take over somebody else business. I'm not lying. Black people come in late. What y'all mad at me for? Hell y'all better be glad I I I came in better be glad you better glad you got a goddamn job because you came in walking now you right on. You got four wheels you keep bullshitting. You be back on Patton.


I sure that fool nigga better come with gold nigga. You damn right. Y'all learn talking about skip a sugar dagger some of y'all sugar daggers too. Y'all nigga been buying 15 $60 pussy. All y'all raise your hand if you've been buying pussy. Don't lie. Don't lie. Don't you lie to me. Don't you lie to me. Who here been buying cat? Don't lie. If you are a real man you are high five on this right now. If you been buying Cat ain't nothing wrong with you buying Cat Kirk Council nigga I'm council free. Do you hear me nigga? I'm council free buying Cat Kirk council. I never catch it nigga. Do you hear me? I never catch.


I wanna see some high fives in this motherfucker. I wanna see some real men here tonight. That's not going to lie. And we got man code going on. If you buy coochie, raise your goddamn hand and if you are a female on here, if you sell coochie, God damnit raise your hand because if you're hungry it's some niggas in here feed you. Now you see how I gets made something happen. See somebody was on here with hungry but just what somebody going to eat tonight? Somebody. I dunno how many times I can say it for you y'all somebody say thought in Houston God damnit if it's going for 40 down here in H time you tell 'em B do gonna give them 43 bus. It cost $40.


I'm give a 43. So when y'all niggas come around she ain't looking for y'all. She overstepping y'all. Who you looking for the Lord That nigga tip great. You got it. I know y'all been watching man. You say God name me. I'm not saying GOD I'm saying GOT. You motherfuckers can hear everything else that hear that GOT not G-O-D-G-O-T you. That's what I'm saying. Cutting back on my cussing though. Y'all can tell though 25 making the change ain't gonna be all that cussing and all that. Now I'm cutting that shit. I'm gonna say shit and ass cool but the Bs and and Fs I'm not saying y'all gonna help me too.


We gonna grow the devil now some of y'all can't grow 'cause y'all ain't, some of y'all can't grow hair so I'm just so some of us can't grow. Some of us can for people who can't grow be with us in spirit. That's unique. We need you to be here in spirit with us Sometimes that's all. That's all NBA not hey Allstar coming up. Allstar coming up and it's gonna be the wackest one. That damn Allstar game. I don't even wanna watch it. Who gonna be in the slam dunk contest? What big ass Zion Wilson hit? He ain't in the slam dunk contest. He slam dunking E ho. I know he could slam dunk that damn ball if y'all think they big gorilla motherfucker ain't stand dunking them porn star you liar.


They say Ja Young Wilson in them goddamn rooms getting no he can't move on the court but in that goddamn bedroom that nigga make it goddamn moving like us so good I had to double back twice. Ooh. Must have been outta my mind. I'm about hey y'all playing in the rooms? Oh sure must have been good. Y'all a double back twice. What y'all know about that doubling back? You still talk over girl? Hell I ain't. Hell nah shit lay on at night. I'm back over there Lay getting off look kissing on her motherfucking neck too.


Whispering nothing but lies in her ears baby. I love you. I be for real I I'll make them talk to me. Who is it? It is yours. No it's not bitch I'm renting it but since I'm renting it I'm act like it Mine real talk know black folks we gonna give down, we can rent shit and paint it. I ain't bullshit. That's up. We're gonna give in the car right now. Oh 50 notes and go and get it wrapped. I'm not bullshitting. That's how we wrote. We gonna get a brand new car right now. Owe 50 notes. We gonna to get that bitch wrapped. Get everybody's mind.


I paid, I just bought this motherfucker ain't bought nigga you put 700 down nigga you got great credit, you put 700 down, you ain't bought shit. You paying for this motherfucker but you ain't bought it. First thing a nigga say they get no car man ain't no smoke in my car. I'm y'all know that right now. Ain't nobody gonna be smoking in my shit eight days later. No damn boy smoking the air. You see all these type tag running right now. You know when people got they taxes, they getting new cars they can't be steal. They riding all motherfucking day. Most black people when they get their tax. I said most not at all. Most black people when they get their taxes ain't never really got no money. I told you that's our super bowl.


That's when we feeling about we ain't never been home but when we get that motherfucking money we up and and down the road all day we you talk. We going to places we ain't never been. We going to olive court. You got damn right. New Jays. If you ain't had no Jays I bet you give 'em tax season. Damn right. You got the new Jays retros. We don work jump man we work retro up and down the road. We getting out every day we clean clean as a whistle. We ain't going no motherfucking work. We just clean. We gonna go out and get us, get us by two or three pounds of weed. We ain't gonna make no motherfucking money. It's all for show. So when I fucking holes you go broke you go I seen it.


Niggas going broke behind them pounds. Nigga you supposed to make some money, you showing out but you want some smoke. Bitch look bitch I'm the man. Bitch you ain't shit you just got 5,900 some goddamn taxes. You owe your baby mama 3,800 but you ain't went over there and gave it to yet. You gone went and got goddamn got your new car, got you some weed. Got you some George don't got some cold. I came some cologne and God damnit can't tell you nothing but that shit only laughed for two months after that. That nigga right back at the house every motherfucking day will frown on his face. What you should have been doing buying you a washing machine. My nigga ain't gonna dry. Niggas don't be thinking nigga, nigga, nigga wash and dry nigga but you want buy these yard and stuff.


Never now you gotta go down here to go goddamn washing place and wash your clothes when you could be washing your clothes at the house. Nigga real niggas got washing and dry at they house nigga new refrigerator nigga get you new refrigerator. It's it's the it's the home appliances for me. Tell me I'm lying. Y'all need to start paying me for this shit boy. That's why y'all do me bad God damn y'all. I'm gonna keep pushing though God me hit the light button. Fuck the light button. Hit subscribe button. Y'all me hit the shy button.


That's one thing you can start telling these women. I on a new purse bitch do you got eggs and bacon in your refrigerator? Do you got some goddamn light bread in your pantry? Do you got cream of wheat in your pantry? Do you got sugar? What kind of spices you got over there? Motherfucker purse. What you got in your refrigerator? We changing shit in 2025. We ain't putting rims on cars no more And the damn cars need motors, need transmission, need spark plug. We not doing that bullshit no motherfucking mo. We not gonna stay in 48 Stay 48. You ain't steak. 48 material. What kind of material I am Golden cry.


You hos don't deserve to go out to these nine restaurants. That's for the real women. You hos going to go to ground God damnit that's where you going. You going you So you going to steak shake. That's where you ho going boys that knives wrist one getting dressed up. You hos don't deserve it and you won't get it. You going 25. We doing shit different. I can't wait till this goddamn pull hit in February 1st. Y'all if be the one I'm not bullshitting, y'all better come see me. I got plans, I got admirations, I got goals. See I don't know about y'all but I talk to myself. I really do. I I like bubble. You got to come on with it. You bullshiting, you know where you come from boy you know what you trying to do.


You know what you gotta do but you gotta go and do it. Ain't no more excuses. Bubble thug. You gotta to get up off your ass. You gotta make these people feel you. You gotta make these people understand who in the fuck is what do and you got to show 'em each and every day. Even when the be ain't there. Even when the likes ain't there. Even when the sheriffs ain't there. Even when they shadow banning me motherfucker I won't stop because I know one day this motherfucking podcast going to be the one I know one day it's gonna be the one I know one day bitch I've been trying to fuck ain't nothing. One day I'm no joke and I'm gonna make sweet lord. Well I'm listening to Barry White practice.


What you preach Some of y'all on here right now had money all you be waiting on your taxes. I hope God damnit you get 40 bands back. I hope you ball out when you get your taxes nigga. I hope you have nothing but great luck. I'm about the underdog. I'm an underdog. I'm all fucking underdogs. I'm fucking niggas who ain't never got no cat now they getting all the cat for them. I'm fucking look children down here in the the Texas, Texas city hospitals that got council that's got got one two months to live. I'm riding for them. That's what I'm riding for. I'm praying to good lord bless them. I'm praying for the people who ain't got a kidney, they get a kidney.


That's what I'm praying for. That's what I'm praying and wishing for. That's what I wanna see. I wanna see the unknown become known. I know y'all see me with all these other celebrities. What niggas they already celebrities. I wanna see somebody else come up who ain't a celebrity become one, become a great one, God damnit come a legal not a follower because your partner store probably don't mean you sn a power nigga when somebody gonna be they on me. You got one trap house nigga get dirty. I ain't saying do that but I'm you get my motivation point is what I'm saying.


You get what I'm saying. He knows what And To get now if you just not watching this show we do. Hell all sitting. I know I've been going off. That's what I do. I'm gonna give you some game. I'm gonna make you lay, I'm put some on your, I'm gonna give you the game though. Just not watching this show. If you don't know nothing about we do a hell no send me show somebody hit me up Bubble door. You ever let somebody use your sister food stamp card that you be buying? Hell no. Not sharing no motherfucking food stamp card. Not, nah not. So if you see me down here in Hce town and goddamn neighborhood Walmart or the big Walmart or HEB or at Kroger's using the food stamp card. Mind your motherfucking bitch.


So I'm spending big three courts when I come out that motherfucker three courts. When I come up outta here somebody also hit me up. Do you ever let your girl know your pen? Hell no. Girl know my debit cord only means sweet Jesus know him. Shit, I don't believe all that. Do you ever get to join a bank account or somebody Because I done see motherfucker get mad leave and go and clear that bank account out. Now you ain't got nothing. Never You won't get this motherfucker information. Matter of fact, don't send me no mail to this house. Goddammit. Do everything by email. Put in your own game. Wait no say get that goddamn bank statement.


Get them numbers and goddamn for you know you ain't got no one Not careful. I don't get no mail come through everything come through, email over no you gone. They run you through your shit whole time you think you stacking, you really lacking. Gotta pay attention. Quit telling all your motherfucking business. Don't let these women know how much you got and what you making. They'll set your ass up. You be burnt like bacon. Real talk trash of the day. Going to Tyreek Hill. Keep your motherfucking mouth clothing up. You know the eyes are against us. You know they'll make samples outta us. I seen him do it to Dez Brown. It's the reason why I'm telling you that.


Keep your motherfucking metal clothes Dez Brown. One of the best receivers in the game running this mouth. I ain't taking no pay cut. Jerry Jones. You know what nigga I showed you. You sure talking mother I show you. Even though Deb was writing what he was saying but them people right there, they run organizations. It's a, it's a membership to get into B on. Gotta be a member. They'll show you better than they'll tell you. So Tyre, you watch your motherfucking my they already feel like they doing us a favor 'cause we making millions of dollars. Open your eyes people open your eyes. Peace of love. I see how long I see y'all. I'm out The Volume.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Chris Broussard and Rob Parker here to tell you Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with the legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.