
For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know, Mr.


Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy hoodwinked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean, Camilla Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


Smokey, Then you know why Smokey tells you when he sees you passing through. Remember, please be careful. It's the least that you can do After 80 years of learning his wildfire prevention tips. Smokey Bear lives within us all. Learn more@smokeybear.com. And remember, only you Can prevent wildfires Brought to you by the USDA Forest servicer, state forester and the ad council. The volume. What it do everybody What it do everybody?


It's your boy Bubba Dub. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. I'm your host today. We got a craziest show today. You talking about college football baby? Yeah. Colorado. Alabama LSU. Hey man, it's ary Settle. Hey NF NFL. WEEK one. IS HERE. I know y'all ready? I know I'm ready. I know what some of y'all thinking do. What's up with the Pittsburgh Steeler jersey fam? Hey man. Look, look man. Yeah man. Yo, yo bubble do baby. I'm every, I'm with everybody this year. I ain't trying to hear that. Be loyal to one team. No, no. Y'all not even loyal to y'all own girl.


How y'all gonna be loyal to one team? Never. But before I even get the show started, man, hit that like button. Yeah, go and hit that like button and go and hit the subscribe button man. Yeah, I'm gonna get some people some more time to tune in with us today. It label day some of y'all off. Some of y'all barbecue. Yeah, some of y'all drinking no more nasty beers. Y'all be drinking trash. We ain't doing that. Nah, we ain't gonna do that today. Nah, we ain't gonna do that at all. You almost ready, let's go ahead and get the show started today.


What my LSU fans at? What my LSU fans at? Y'all lost last night to USC truck trash. Y'all need to fire Brian Kelly. Right mother. Now get him outta there boy. Don't know how to coach. Don't know how to game man. Don't know how to do a me me. All they do is make excuses. We not doing that in that issue Notre. No y'all not now. Hurricane Chris already got some shit going on down there in Shreveport right now man. Because he didn't get to perform with 50 LSU y'all, y'all just can't catch a break down there in Shreveport.


Now y'all told me this when I was out there in Shreveport. You said bubble do. It's the LSU tiger. It's I year. Well guess what, you lied, you lied nigga. Y'all need to coach. It ain't the players. It's the mother fucking coach paying him all that money and he can't even coach in critical situations. But we could Tigers though. Let, we could tigers. Y'all let y'all, y'all, I hate to say it, y'all might have that Angel Unre effect right now. She gone and, and and, and the college's team is going down. We better than that. LSU. That's some of the best. If you ain't never been to Shreveport, man, you gotta go.


That's some of the best food I can ever ate in my life. And I ain't just saying it because of seafood. I'm saying because it's really great food down there in Shreveport right now. The the the people that's living down there, y'all gonna deserve it. Y'all deserve a a winning college team and y'all ain't getting it right. Damn. Now 50 already came in, tried to save the day and your very own resident, hurricane Cri didn't like it. He said Hey baby have it now. Get it. Send his ass on with Brian Kelly. That's what y'all can do. They hurricane Chris go out there and help coach. He, he can't do no worse than Brian Kelly's ass.


Now I need my real LSU titles in the cums right now and talk to me. That's why I want, I wanna know what's going on with the Tigers because there wasn't no fucking tiger last night. Wasn't no Tiger quarterback do for USC almost threw for four oh yards on. Never. Now let's talk about the Colorado Buffalo. Yeah, coach Prime, I know y'all seen me out there last Thursday with Coach Prime and the boy. Let me just say this right now. There's a lot of hating going on with people going up there to Colorado Men. Were y'all supporting Colorado? Why y'all ain't supporting them HBCU motherfucker?


I support whoever I wanna support. I'm supporting coach Wherever a coach go, I go. That's what my loyalty goes to my friend. You know what I'm talking about? That's what my loyalty goes to that yes I was on the sideline, turn them on and boy lemme tell you man, that was one, that was a great game. I know some of y'all saying it was north up to cover state. I don't give a damn who it was. That was a good football team they played against y'all remember last year they knocked off a couple powerhouse teams. But y'all don't but y'all don't remember that though because it's Coach Prime. Y'all don't remember that. Now let me break down what I saw. They need a run game and they need it fast.


I'm gonna say that now that Rago going to have to run the ball better if they wanna win another game. I say that I'm I'm, I'm not gonna sit up here and be biased. I'm gonna be honest. They got to get the run game going from what I saw and I saw it up close and personal. But let me tell you another motherfucker thing that I saw Jimmy Horn the second he obese. Lemme get because Travis, he get lost in the sauce with Travis Horn. And don't get me wrong, Travis Horn probably won probably the best player in this draft. two-Way player at at at that. He could go at cornerback, he can go and wide receiver don't even matter what Travis Hunt, we gonna get to him in a minute. But I'm talking about Jimmy, he had seven catches too for a buck 98.


He over Chicago because he had one touchdown but the boy had one had seven receptions, 198 yard. He can catch it and take it to the house at any minute too. Don't get it twisted. Now we over here to Travis Home Seven catches. Dude had 132 yard receiver, three TDS caught, probably probably caught the, the pass of the year in that end zone. Ain't no way you supposed to, it snag that motherfucker like Josh pulled me snagging my check every month. That's how he snagged the ball out the app. Y'all saw it? I saw it. Then he dig his dance. Hey man man what Coach Prime is building up there right now man, it's gonna be something special.


And and and it's like some of y'all gonna understand man wasn't nothing, wasn't nothing going on in Boulder but wasn't the motherfucking thing going on in Bo until Coach Prime came back. Now everything growing, the flowers growing again out there. The damn barrel coming out the mountain. They coming down again. Man it's it's, it is something in the air that's going on in Colorado y'all. I'm telling you man, wherever Coach Prime go man the value go up. We ain't talking about what he was able to do. 26 for thirty four, four hundred and forty five passing yards. Only one interception. And I know coming into this college football season, the concern was about the offensive line.


Well like I said, coach Prime went out and fed the offensive line some kibbles and bitch because then was the dogs I seen Thursday night, them big 310 black jelly bean eating mother were bawling pass protection. They did what they were supposed to do. I think Shado got sacked one time and that was mainly on him holding the ball. I'm just, I'm just telling you from what I'm seeing but from I'm seeing from Shado sound look like DeMar Jackson me, he ain't got Nomar Jackson speed but four pos in the pocket going through Progression seeing if they cover one, cover two, cover three and Jare, he, he boy got it and I ain't just saying that and you know the people.


Oh man you dig right. Nah I ain't doing none of that man. I'm telling you from what I'm seeing out my eyes, the boy got it. They got to get the run game going. They can get that going, you know what I'm saying? Kind of balance things out. Don't have to put too much on them all the time Colorado gonna be all right. But the problem with Colorado people here, the defense they can't stop a motherfucking no bleed because they saying quarterback for North Coco State. He was the one that, guess what, they got Nebraska this week and they got a Pat Mahome point, 0.2 0.0 going on up there right now, now and now I don't expect them to be able to to to to fix those problems in one week.


I don't. I expect it to be a shootout between Colorado and Nebraska. I'm hoping coach Prime them pull it out. But the defense got to play better and I think bringing in oneself, dip, dip, skull dipping there will be able to help leg on throughout the season. But y'all got to understand man it you just can't change your program around in one or two years. Fa it take time to do all that. It take time to change your program man. That's just like some of you dudes on the show right now. You ain't behold now you with a girl. You know what I'm saying? She trying to change you man. It's hard. You how? It's hard be waking up in Cold Swift waking up like Pooky and new Jack Sig and shit.


Shit Gotta take baby steps. Gotta take baby steps sometime man. And that's what I think y'all forgetting with people man. Y'all, y'all, y'all. Oh man everybody man come on man. It's cold crap man. Take man everybody got good players. Everybody got NIL money now man. It ain't just like Alabama can get all the good players no more. The other teams and sponsors and, and and alumni got money. Yeah you and and shit every, everybody getting good players this year overall Colorado had 594 total yards. 594 total yards as a team. They had 22 first downs. They were seven for 11 on third down.


You gonna win a lot of ball games when you converting seven for 11 on third down you gonna win a lot of damn games like that way. Well you ain't, well you supposed to win majority of them games like that unless your defense ain't stopping or oppose the team. They only had three penalties as a team Colorado. That's some damn good football right there that look like a disciplined football team to me. I know Shiloh had a, a defensive roughing on him that sugar never happened But other than that Colorado as a whole look like they on the look like they on the way up now. I know it just one game. I know y'all know that they got in Nebraska this week.


I know a lot of y'all got 'em pick to lose. I understand by looking at that defense. But I'm just saying it's gonna be a shootout. I can't wait to see it. Man, y'all, y'all gimme y'all thoughts man. You know I know a lot of y'all might not like Coach Prime and and it's not that y'all hating y'all I guess don't like the team. I I agree but some of the hate that's being speared towards some of us people that go up there and show our support for our brother, I don't quite like it. I don't think it's right because the same love. I'm going to show Coach Prime. I'm finna be going to show Eddie George as well just chopped it up with him last night as well through dm. So shout out the Eddie George. Yeah at Tennessee State University.


I'm gonna be pulling up on him, me and my team putting a spotlight and and showing him that same gratitude and love that I'm showing each and all the other coaches that I'm going to see. Man, it's never about me, it's about us. It's not that many of us in position and the ones that in position, I want to help 'em any way I can. I wanna root for 'em. I'm going, I'm I'm, I'm rooting for like you see like you see now I'm a cowboy fan no doubt but I'm gonna rock the Pittsburgh. I rock with Tomlin them man. They flew me in, got to meet the players, got to do put on a comedy show for the players of Pittsburgh Steelers shot after that. And that's what it's about. I don't wanna be tied into one team y'all I'm a angle this now. That's what I do. I gotta be biased. Yes I'm a cowboy at heart.


But if them motherfuckers don't come out game one. If they gonna come out game one, which we gonna get to if them mother was gonna come against the Cleveland Browns this Sunday 'cause I'm gonna be there. It's gonna be some problems. That's all I'm saying. It's gonna be some mother problem. So I need all my cowboy fans That's in the coming section right now. I need you on D four A for life. Yeah my Cleveland Brown fan. Yeah, well at where you at? Got to do better man Alabama ran through Western Kentucky. I'm talking about 63 to nothing. I thought Alabama was gonna fall off a little bit. I lied. They don't need Nick Sa because I just wanna know where Alabama keep finding these big old neck bone eating or pork rib sandwiches.


Sandwiches. Neck, stomach heavy mothering player from Jaylen, what's his name? Monroe Cabal seven for nine, 200 passing yard seven for nine completed 7 99 passing for 200 yards y'all three touchdowns and he ran it for 10 yard, rang it 10 times for 79 yards Alabama. Where y'all finding these damn players at the steel mill? I didn't even know they was still steel mill no more man. What? What these big pork Pork mama do you hear me? But Justin Hayes had four carriages for 102 yards. Man I ain't never seen nothing like this man.


I ain't never seen you receiver a Ryan William a freshman two catches a buck 39 a freshman, shit somebody recruiting Alabama had 600 total yards. 334 rushing yards. 25 first downs. Eight for 13 on 30 downs. You ain't gonna lose many ball games going eight for 13 on third downs. So I got to Alabama man I know some of y'all Alabama fans, y'all was kind of hurt and I rightfully so When when you legal, when you legal retire? Nick Saban? Yeah man I know some of y'all thought man I don't know how it's going to be but man seem like y'all still able to go out and recruit the players.


Y'all need to recruit. I know it's Western Kentucky. Oh man they supposed to do that. No it's a new year. Anything can happen but it didn't roll Tide look like roll tide again. And I know them big country motherfuckers down there talking shit barbecuing, drinking some of 'em snorting bottle and you do? Yeah y'all bitch now. Yeah I heard about you. I know what going on on now but get the coming section right now and talk to me. I wanna know how y'all feeling about the road tide right now.


Somebody got Texas winning SEC West and they and and they beating Georgia for the SSC title. Okay, okay. Okay. GMO. What's up Famo? How y'all feeling today man? Appreciate y'all for checking in with your boy man. Let's get this check up. We at 360 8. Yeah man we need to get this check up to a thousand. Know some of y'all at work. Some of y'all ain't. Some of y'all let the crib right now relaxing, enjoying y'all self. But let's get this check up man. Real talk in case y'all just not tuning in right now. I will be flying out some people this year to the games with me so be on the lookout for that. Keep doing what you're doing now. You ain't got to change nothing. Just keep coming on like you've been doing. Keep supporting, keep sharing, keep coming and your name will be picked to go on.


Go to a game with me rather it be football NBA or MLB but it's football season. I'm pretty much gonna be at a football game every Sunday so you could very well be on the road with me and my team. The bubble show and you know what I'm saying, having fun, laughing and you know what I'm saying and doing what we do man. What else we got on here right now? Man? The hurricanes are back to you. Yeah, I seen Michael Irvin sweating like a mo a brisket earlier. I seen Michael Irvin sweating like a mother fucking brisket earlier so I know you back now you ain't even got to tell me that. I know. Hey back that's that's off. That's off the rip right there.


That's off the rip. Moving on week one. NFL? Yep. Cowboy versus Brown. Where you at? They playing in Cleveland too. Bone. Th Where you at? You been missing an action 17 years. Meet you at the crossroad. Meet me. You at the hey come on man. What bone th hoing at man? Man I need to come back out man. I need to go on tour, do something Cleveland Browns back, you know what I'm saying? Besides Parlor Watson. It's a new year. Yeah. Massage Parlor Watson. You healthy? It's the new year. They playing my Dallas Cowboy this Sunday up there in Cleveland and I'm going, I'm going up there to the motherfucking dog pound.


Well she I don't wanna hear that root. I want y'all motherfucker sound like a box of kittens when we get done with y'all back on the way. CG Lamb on the way. Deon on the way, cooks on the way. What y'all got to score Cowboys Browns. I got the score. 27 21 Cowboys. 27 21 Cowboys. Who y'all got talk to me right now and be nice cowboys getting the dub Browns losing no quarter y'all.


So you saying massage par Watson not a good quarterback? Is that what I'm hearing? Massage Parlor Watson is not a good quarter man, stop it now. He might be a a whole lot of things but massage Paula Washington like a good quarterback. Come on fam. Come on fam. We we, we, we we gotta keep it 100 on this show. Massage Paula Washington. It win Healthy is one of them ones. It's all I'm saying. Win Healthy is one of them ones now. He healthy this year. Let's see what him and Amari Cooper them can do up there in Cleveland. They got Miles Garrett go on their defense. Probably the best defensive player in the league. It probably ain't no I about on that one with Miles Garrett came from outta Texas a and m.


You already know Texas all day every day. Yeah, but I got the Dallas Cowboys winning that game. 27 to 21. Y'all let me know what y'all think about that. It's the first game of the year. I don't really feel like, you know what I'm saying, players still really ain't in shape yet. So you know, I'm, I'm thinking Dak gonna have about 275 yard passing. I look for him to have about two tds. I look for, I look for Dak to have about 275 yard passing, two tds. I look for him to throw an interception that's I gets my thoughts. I just think he gonna have 275 yard pass and one interception.


I do see the Cowboys winning 27 to 21 For 25 years. BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity. Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream.


Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@axs.com. Don't miss asap Rocky don't big Sean Camila Cabell, Don Cat Dua Lipa when Stefan Hal er sheath Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet.


A special performance by Cold Plays Chris Martin and more. Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com. Hey it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight.


What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I Thought like why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Smokey the Bear, smokey Then you know why Smokey tells you when he sees you passing through. Remember please be careful. It's the least that you can do with After 80 years of learning his wildfire prevention tips. Smokey Bear lives within us all. Learn more@smokeybear.com. And remember, only you can prevent wildfires brought to you by the USDA Forest service. Your state forester and the ad council. You gonna think Washington recover from that scandal. Shit Cleveland gave him $262 million.


Shit he shit he gonna have to do something And I seen Brandon or Uch 49 ERs gave him what? 30 million a year. Let me get say this. You dig all that hole in out Brandon, they done gave you, you know, give you 120,000,004 year 120 million. You you, you better catch every motherfucking ball come your way. I don't care if it's underthrown overthrown in between throw, I don't give a damn if he throw it at the stadium. You better run and catch that motherfucker. You better not even you better not even. Shit. You better have 10 15 touchdown this year be half 14, 1500 yard receiving two.


He make it more than Debo. Y'all do know that don't you? The boy making it more than Debo. Think about that. Y'all paid him as y'all number one from Forge wide. See Brandon New York is the number one receiver San Francisco 49 ERs now my 49 er fan. Where you at? Yeah we gonna get to the Ravens next. Yeah we gonna get to that next they playing the Chiefs. We gonna get to that. But I'm talking about Brendan New York. You signed the four year $120 million deal. He better not drop now Mother fucking ball. This shit fam. I'm talking about ball out.


I want Jerry Rise numbers because Kyle Shahan gonna get get get you the ball. Ain't no doubt about that. Kyle Shahan gonna get you the ball now this Thursday night. You know it's the Chiefs, it's the Ravens a C Juggernauts. A C Chiefs Ravens there the defending champs back to back Champ Chiefs playing the Baltimore Raven. Baltimore Ravens brought in Derrick Henry brought in Derrick Henry. How y'all think this gonna play out game one first game of the year, Thursday night.


How y'all think this going to play out? Me, I got the Ravens winning by four. I think Pat Mahomes still still full of cool light and tuna fifth sandwiches from down there in Cancun. That's what I think. Pat Mahome and partying all motherfucking summer as he should. That's just what I think. I think the boy fat full of cool light and two fish sandwiches. His wife steady popping out them kids so he doing a lot of humping. That's what Pat Mahome doing. Getting a lot of money and he doing a lot of humping and look overweight and that just work And And we already know and the Reig overweight and and that's the homie. But I got Baltimore winning Thursday night by four Points I got, I got Lamar Jackson being Lamar Jackson, I got Derrick Henry running the ball down Chief mother and talk.


I'm just telling you what I see and I know they defending Champs and I hate going against my home against the first game of the year And I know a tuna fifth sandwich beer drinking, you know what I'm saying? Humping when I see one Travis Kel too. He don't even look like motherfucking Travis Kel no more. Man look like big Ben Rodney Day. Travis has look like Big Ben Taylor Swift and aged him when he with that black girl he was good. He was feeling good. You know what I'm saying? His, his genitals was empty but he was feeling good. Taylor Swift is too much to be with Taylor. Man I love Taylor. It's too much to be with her thin potato salad face having as it's too much to be with Taylor Swift. She too rich ain't nothing, ain't nothing Travis can give her that she can't give herself man that that relationship is full of shit and y'all know it.


Taylor don't even like Travis. Hell Travis don't like rais in the potato salad. That boy been around too many nickels here she's with at the potato. Try this Travis. He like to be called T she called him Travis. See it's a disconnect. I can see this shit. Stevie Wonder can see a disconnect. That girl really like that boy man, boy like ass. Do you hear me A white man who like ass you. He he coming back, he ain't coming back. See Travis like had man this a publicity stunt. It's all about money man. Real talk. And I love, I love Sweet Taylor.


I do love her to death. Drop Travis and get with me. You don't want you. I do. I'm gonna use you for what you worth. Every time my whole life Taylor man put Travis out. You don't need how you want somebody else with some money like that. Get somebody you can build up like me. Build me up. We can put my studio in one of your little room houses. Shit you'll never hear from me. Only when you want that. That good. Only time you hear from me Taylor I won't bother you Shit. You ain't bullshit. I be a butler. I'll be your man but I'll be your butler. How do you want that steak Taylor? Me?


You want you white girl like your little pink in the middle. I Turn my back on my own family for Taylor Girl be happy for Doug. I ain't bullshit. I turn my whole back on my family for Taylor. Swear come here. I'm all on them damn tools. Wiggle too. Soon as she come off. Stay here. Go your water, go your tie. Anything else you want? I got you. Shit I'm not playing Coach. You got the coach winning the A LC. Somebody got the Ravens going to win week one. She's going to win the Super Bowl. I I like that.


You very well could be right my guy. You very well could be right my guy. Thank y'all for tuning in right now man. If you're just not tuning in man we talking about the Chiefs and the Ravens. Who you got game one? What you expect in this season? And I got the the, the Ravens winning this game Thursday night by four points. But you know feel free to get in the comment session. Let me know. Make sure y'all dropping them cash outs too. Let's continue to get this, continue get the the chat up. We at 4 61, we got time. Let's talk about it. Somebody say crazy work. Hell yeah Taylor Swift got that kind of money make you turn your back on your family.


And I love my family dearly but I love Taylor Moore. Well you know what it feel like to walk through with they white girl boy through family reunions, everybody running up. Get back, get back, get back, get back, get back. That's what I'm saying, I have all my security. Get back, get back, get back. Get your whole asses back. Ooh I can't wait to do that. Come to my family reunion with a bad white girl like Taylor Swift now my family walking. Oh my god it's Taylor. Get back, get back, get back. Goddammit. Get back goddammit. Get back. Don't y'all touch her godda. You can talk but don't y'all touch my baby Shit. Yeah. Damn right. That's how shit I'm diabolical work.


You think I give a damn about my family saying something about Taylor. Listen somebody said something about that. Look at him over at that white girl. Look I'm say that the fight gonna be on in that motherfucker too. And I know I can't fight but for Taylor, I'm getting down for mine. I got Mason, everything and he shit Taser guns, everything here. Shit me. Taylor gonna win that fight. Let somebody get my family reunion. Say look at Bub over there with that white girl. He think he all that. Boy I boy I'm that's what I'm gonna put my hand on my thigh shit. About your mouth about Taylor.


I don't, it won't be no disrespect for that white girl right there in my family. I'll pick that white girl or my mama any day. Let my mama come to me baby. It's either me or Taylor Swift. Bye mama Taylor Swiffer me Taylor get at me man. Trav Travis don't, he don't like being called. He gonna be called T sisters called him T Yeah y'all calling him Travis and all that. Y'all reminding him way. He don't wanna be all that no more. He, he, he, you know he t you know what I'm saying? The white boy is T Yeah. Yeah. Put his ass out Taylor. Won't you talk back about, say your feet stink, say your breath stink. Say all those things say you got a nasty attitude Taylor.


That's what Travis say. You know what I'm saying? I, I, I, I, I I see good beauty in you. I see good money in you. I see the love that you have for people. Come holler. Lemme Taylor. We'll get some shit straight around here. I guarantee you we get some shit straight around here. Tell first thing you do when we get together we're gonna go and get him a child support shit fixed. Yeah go on PGA out for you boy because you ain't show me y'all saying but what's she getting in exchange? This good meat. This one, this meat. This is what Taylor Swift gonna be getting in exchange for getting my child support affairs in order. Boom. Then I'm gonna get some insurance life and burial. Boom. Yep. Now it's time for the cars and houses.


Yep. In my name. Yep. Then it's time for the jury. Yep. Now it's time for me to really be a nigga and start my dog breed. Damn right. Trash counts come here. I got Frenches running in all over this mother fucking yard in the Meles and the mes frenches too. Lemme get with Taylor. Motherfucker had thees dog breed killer. What she I'm only serving white customers too because they the only one that pay. We wanting to pay half this week and half the net now rolled with Taylor. Change my name to Dub Swift. Shit I ain't bullshit.


I'm gonna marry Taylor and change my name to Swift. Gotta get this paper. I gotta get this paper y'all I'm not playing with y'all. I'm all about this chat. Real talk. Y'all talk to me man. What y'all got going on man, my shit going on in the world man. I can't wait till this in fail season man. I can't wait man. I'm telling you right now man. If you're watching this show man, then you already gotta know man. You gotta know man. Sometimes some of y'all might be at work and can't watch it. Hey go to Apple podcast and type in the bubble do show I'm gonna pop up Up. Yeah, yeah go to Spotify type in The Bubba, Dub Show. I'm gonna pop up.


Told y'all that football season we taking over, we ain't playing our games. We ain't playing no game with nobody this year. Man we going, we going to do what it do when you, when you want your sports news you come right here because I'm gonna give it it to you. Hell you know I ain't gonna sugarcoat a motherfucking thing the minute that get out that store fucking up. I'm on his ass like back pockets. You can best believe that I'm not holding that dumb back on no NFL player this season. Her cousin. I got my eye on your ass too. You out there in Atlanta sipping syrup Future. They your friends now get to losing they don't think Future won't put you in no song. You lie as cc. Hey Russell.


Hey Laurie Harvey? Yeah Atlanta. Nice. Cool. Stay cool stay pull up do your thing. They love you when you doing good soon you lose See my bye. You got to go my bye real nigga. My you ain't hearing nothing they saying all you hear is my boy. I just be B with my head like Yeah you right fa. Yeah you right. I your Kirk cousin they gonna get you all that money. Shit you better produce or Pink is coming in behind you. I'm letting you know right now. Them boy down there and Locker won Won't Penny starting anyway so cousin you better do what he do. Real talk Where my Carolina Panther fans at? Bryce Young. Where you at? Bryce Young. Where you at? I'm gonna be in Raleigh, North Carolina on the 22nd man.


Yeah, yeah at the comedy zone. Pull up, pull up. I'm now Raleigh, North Carolina September the 22nd I'm there Man the only grab them tickets right now. I don't know what you waiting on. You should already done grab 'em man. Real talk. Who else in the division Saints where you at? Y'all been real motherfucking Christ Saints. Where at? I want know what's going on. New Orleans. Talk to me. Talk to me. What's going on New Orleans? What y'all gonna do this year? I guess nothing. Ain't nobody said nothing about them Saints. Somebody say who got somebody say Bryce Young Tre.


Ooh somebody say Bryce Young was picked up with CJ Stride. Yes he was. CJ Stride is ended up with the right team and the right coach. Miko Ryans with them Texans Tank Dale over there. Stefan Diggs over there? Yeah they they on the rise they make a a good run last year. They see can they do the same thing this year? Let's see can the Texans do what they did last year? Yeah. Let's see. Somebody say Craig begging not nah we don't want nobody to get hurt. Nah he not get hurt. What you mean the buck man what the bus going to do? Y'all got Oh, oh Baker Baker Mayfield over there played good last year.


I think he gonna be totally opposite this year. Still got my homie Mike Evans. I give you that. You got Mike Evans over there Tampa Bay. But I wanna know what is Tampa Bay gonna do this shit because we don't know. We know, we know. We know you beat the cowboy last year. I ain't ain't no denying that si mother, I still ain't recovered from that man. The Tampa Bay Buccaneer beating the dollar cowboy last year. I still haven't recovered from that. Fuck hmm. Just sad thing to see. I might say gonna sleep on Baker. What my what my what my Chicago Bear fans at? Where y'all at? How y'all feeling about K Williams right now?


Raus we're gonna get to the Raus too. Well I'm talking about the Chicago bear. How y'all feeling about Caleb? Texans woulda lost to the Brown last year. Nick Chub was playing it when that chub coming back. Matter of fact when that chub coming back they like him until he throw that fresh peak six already. Jaguar. Somebody say Super Bowl okay Patriot. Damn I ain't know we had Patriot fans stealing him. Okay Patriot fan. I see y'all still here. Let's talk about it. Jarry Mayo. Y'all head coach Who y'all just named, y'all starter then he gets named Brit. Y'all starter Reers ass.


I don't know who quarterback for Reers. I don't even know. And it ain't Gordon or you is it Ragers nigga quarterback Devonta gon be crying week three. He gonna be ready to be trad by week three if they gonna get him the ball out there in out there in Vegas. See I'm telling you right now, week three Devonte Adams ain't getting that ball. He gonna be wanting to be trad. What's a good spot for Devonte Adams right now y'all. 'cause this don't happen because ain't nobody coming through my motherfucking those I I was saying Cam Newton but but shit Cam Newton ain't can't play no damn ball right now nigga full of Turkey wings and shit and making kids. Hell man, hell Cam Newton is through.


I'm through mentioning. I ain't mention to Cam Newton no name no for no damn football. He got the big trucks on the road. He ain't want for no money. He good. He threw got that dad body now. Hell no about name. I ain't mention Cam name no damn mo Cam th yeah Cam is th yeah bring up somebody else name. Hell who else y'all got? Hell Clyde if I ain't lying Cam got plenty of money. He can. He good for life. He ain't Nah hell no. And the last time I seen him he ain't look too damn good to me. Hell no. Who somebody else in there. Hell Cam can go be a coach or some shit yo.


What them Jet fans at y'all Aaron Rogers fan. Where y'all at? CJ Gardner fan. Where y'all Jet fans at? Joe name of Mink Coat wearing big fat rat fur feet having Mother because where y'all at? Yeah Jet fans, you talked all that Noah last year, week one aro went down and heard from y'all. I wanna know where my jet fans at right now on out vi Testa Verde come on out. I appreciate it man number love Inre Port.


Like I said I got a lot of love guys none people love me and I love them 'cause they genuine, you know what I'm saying? It's very seldom you can meet genuine people in this world because it is world full of evil and hateful people. But man some good genuine people down there Inre Port, they got rock with man like genuine though where I just got a lot of pressure on him. Yeah he gonna have to do something. He forced his way outta Green Bay forced his way outta Green Bay to go up there to New York. Now he gotta make it happen. It's all about Legacy. I know Aro got one ring, I get it And at one point in time, you know what I'm saying? He was the face of the league but he ain't no more. But so you know I see what Aro could do.


I think it would be great. I me personally, I think it's being set up for the New York Jets to win the Super Bowl. That's just my personal opinion. I feel like they want Arod to go out with a bang and go out with one more and why not be with the Jets? That would be so big for the New York. You know because that's like the number one media spike in New York. That could be, that could be the talk of the year of the New York Jets winning the Super Bowl. But if you're thinking like I'm really thinking, I'm thinking Pat Mahomes now do a Threepeat first ever Threepeat in the NFL. It could be by Pat Mahomes now. I think them boys going Threepeat this year, burn Born any injuries? Them boys healthy.


I feel like the Chiefs can win three in a row. I would love for my Cowboys to win it but over I'm just being realistically I gotta be realistic. I gotta be real on my show and I can't sugarcoat nothing in life. I call it like I is call it like it is. Do I think the Dallas Cowboy can beat the Kansas City Chiefs in the Super Bowl? Hell fucking no I don't. I I can't see it. Lemme take the class. I can't see it. But would I want it to happen? Hell yeah I would. But what y'all think Trevor Lawrence MVP. Okay Eagles wing it out.


I go my eagles same. Where y'all at man? I know Gill and Wallo gonna be talking cash money shit this year they already been talking. They already been talking cash money, shit. Anyway so Eagles, what y'all gonna do? You got Hertz got AJ Brown, y'all Paige Smith. Y'all got Sequan Barkley over there. I mean you got a squad man you know Fletcher cost tag on y'all. But y'all, y'all still good over there Like Eagle's got a squad like looking on paper they probably the best team in the NCNC East just looking at the paper. But yo, y'all lost Jason Kel the best center that's been in the league for quite a minute now. So let's see what y'all do on that offensive line way.


Y'all talk to me. Hey man, I was dressed up for that show in stream port man. You know what I'm saying? I was, you know what I'm saying? I was, I, I was dressed, you know what I'm saying? I was ready to go in there and do what I do. Yeah man, when you get in one of them zones, see opportunities don't come, come along like that man to be able to go and perform in front of all these legends and while I'm trying to make a name for myself, so yeah, I i I put the suit on Hot man and you know what I'm saying? I was just in one of them zones man. Like I finna go out here and I know y'all come to see Kat Williams. I know y'all come to see Dave Chappelle's and all the greats.


I know y'all came to see them but motherfucker, y'all gonna remember me, you know what I'm saying, like at the end of the night, y'all gonna remember me. I know y'all love these people and and I love them but y'all gonna remember me tonight when I come on this motherfucking stage and I'm not playing, I'm not playing no games when I'm on them stages. Man. I'm telling y'all man, I'm one of the best feelings I ever had in my life, man. To get the reception I got from, from the people out there, man. White, black Mexicans. It was, it was all love and I appreciate that man. That's, that, that, that was dope. Real talk. Somebody say serve shit, it hurts. Ain't gonna do nothing and ain't ain't gonna do a motherfuck thing but fumble that's what hers going to do.


fbo. For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity. Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas two nights September 20th and 21st on one stage stream.


Live only on Hulu. A weekend full of superstar performances never seen before. Collaborations and once in a lifetime artist moments you'll have to see to believe tickets are on sale now@aaxs.com. Don't miss asap. Rocky don't Big Sean Camila Cabell, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows show up the weekend. Thomas Red Victoria Monet, A special performance by Coldplay's Chris Martin and more.


Get your tickets to be there now@axs.com. Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account.


I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I like, Why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts. Smokey The Bear, Smokey Then you know why Smokey tells you when he sees you passing through.


Remember, please be careful. It's the least that you can do With after 80 years of learning his wildfire prevention tips. Smokey Bear lives within us all. Learn more@smokeybear.com. And remember, only you can prevent wildfires brought to you by the USDA forest servicer, state forester and the ad council. Yes sir. We got 500 in the chat man. Appreciate y'all man. Hit the like button. Keep, let's keep this chat going up and up though man. You gotta let the people know, you know what I'm saying? Let them know about The Bubba Dub Show man. Yeah. Football season with him.


We talking shit all day every day. Ain't holding nothing back. Any questions you can ask me right now because why? 'cause we live Any questions right now? We live, we could talk about anything y'all wanna ask me. We could talk about we live baby. Let's get to it man. Who's going number one? Shado. Trav Man that's a good one. It depends on what team and what they want. If a team nigga quarterback then you gotta go with with with with Fam Shado. But if, you know, if a team want wide receiver, if they, I mean, or or DB then you know you gotta go with Travis Hunger. But Travis Hunger is one of them generation talents bro. Like fam, fam one of them ones.


And from where I'm watching this sha door, man every, we all know every team nigga quarterback, but I think whoever gets Sha door going, gongon, gongon, you know what I'm saying? Going Gongon be something like I think Tennessee, I think I could see Shaa going to Tennessee off the bat and doing something like it. It, it's gotta be the right situation but any team you, you can't lose with neither one of them players bro. But Travis special like yeah dude special. Yeah, wish I got what Lakers bro. Lakers, we ain't really got nothing going on right now in LA bro.


LA there's too much bullshit going on in LA man. I don't know man. Rob Linka, I don't know got Brony over there. He ain't gonna make a difference this year for us. I don't know man. Long as we stay healthy I feel like we got a chance in la but you know DeAngelo Russell you so up and down bro. I never understood how these players make all this money and and and they don't have no motherfucking confidence man. Like I don't get it man. It's like night and day like man what you man, come on fine. You make millions though man. Your confidence I could be through the motherfucking roof.


I don't give a who I'm playing against over there. My homeboy, my dad or my brother. I'm going through you man. I'm feeling man you feela feel me this game. No homo. You feel like I'm feeling, I'm feeling leg on the line man. Players don't be doing that shit. Do they be in they feelings when they name come up for a trade and and last time I checked if you get trade they still got banks, they still got mother fucking banks wherever they trade you to. It's time to come out here and Baw last game. I ain't play getting good getting shot this game I'm feeling man yo I don't, I don't even know man. But you know I'm a Laker for life. That ain't going to change but yeah man I don't, I don't know what the Lakers gonna do this year man.


Somebody say second right? I don't know. Can you see Coach Prime coaching the cowboy? I could if Jerry Jones would give him the power that he need to coach the team. But right now Jerry ain't giving up that power bro. And you know I don't, it's his team. I don't blame him. I mean he's still in his right mind still moving around still can do his day to day operations. But Jerry Jones is about nine five. That motherfucker ain't 88 years old. I don't care what y'all say. Jerry Jones been 88 7 years in a row. Ain't no way he 88. Nah nah Jerry, Jerry Jones 95 man I'm getting mad. Hell no. Jerry Jones 95 and and I don't care what y'all say as long as he still in his right state of mind he gonna continue to run the Dallas Cowboy man.


And it just is what it is. He ain't gonna get outta his own way. He is not gonna get out his own way and y'all know it. Yeah he pushing the hundred. He damn sure pushing the hunter. You, you, you can best believe he pushing the hundred on that old goat. Need to say he ain't gonna sell a cowboy. That's something he ain't gonna never do. Sell the cowboy. He knows what and he's here. Tell y'all another thing. Y'all already know how we do this show Hell no sudden coming up. Somebody ask me I ever become a gang member.


Hell no I'm not getting no motherfucking gang. Why I gotta do this? Why I gotta throw my head man I can't fight. Hell no. Why would I do that? I would bring a gang organization down. Let let, let's say we go out and do something we don't need to do and they say we do some crazy stuff. Just do so crazy and I get caught. I ain't the one getting caught. Shit. They getting caught too. I'm calling them up. Hey where y'all at? Oh we at the spot be when I pull up. Come on outta here. Shit, me and my family have been to have to move, move from state to state because ain't no way I could be a gang member and I get in trouble and y'all gotta go down for you.


Shit, that not going to never happen. I'm telling everything before I even get down there to the station, shit. I'm already writing statements and and shit. I can't do it y'all, I ain't gonna be able to do it. Mm hell no ain't ain't all that man. I ain't getting all that. Y'all talk to me man. Yeah I'm, yeah man I've been thinking about going to to Colorado gang against on Saturday and then catching out from Nebraska to to Cleveland. I don't know who y'all but that's gonna be a shootout. That's that's gonna be a shootout Cleveland Nebraska though. Oh that definitely gonna get fall of your a missing with me. Man let me tell you something man.


You think I'm finna go to a jail or or a prison and sit in there and for something that I didn't do and I know who did it and they free running around eating humping and mouth. We finna trade places like Eric Murphy. Murphy. We feeling trade places Fam Green. Hey fam, what's going on in here? That's what he asking me. What's going on in there fam? Shit you feel find out. You find out what's going on in here because I'm coming home. Nah, hell no. Make sure y'all hit that like button, subscribe button if y'all just not tuning in man I only hit that light subscribe button right now.


Rocking and roller in the day I'm on fire on a Monday on a holiday I can couch y'all off guard today. I can couch you mother 'cause off guard today on a holiday. Y'all was out there finna put them links on and y'all got a notification that do about to drop and you dropped everything and you tune in. That's why I love you. That's why I lady got the trash merch on deck too. Yes, yes sir. We ain't bullshitting this shit. We getting to it And. we gonna continue to get to it over him. Who y'all think I should get trash Sugar Day too? Y'all talk to me. I'm gonna let y'all pick Trash Sugar Day for me.


Who y'all think I should get Trash Sugar Day too? Make sure y'all drop them cash out too. I'm giving away $150. Make sure you Sugar Stream drop them cash out. But right now man who should I get Trash Sugar Day too? Somebody got Nebraska 31 20. Okay. I was thinking the same thing about Brian Kelly but my people down there in Shreveport Hot Fish grease right now in Brian Kelly and I do mean hot. Somebody said I better not say nothing about FSU. Didn't they lose then? Georgia Tech beat FSU Coach Prime rolling over in this grade right now. I won't hear nothing about no FSU. They lost my symbols. Lost length the end of the season though.


Y'all can bounce back. FSU y'all can bounce back will you? It's the question will you bounce back? I dunno Father Gaggles, I see y'all. Y'all lost two to the you. Yep. Someone said, somebody said Dave swinging for not using the portal. I agree. My damn baby mama. Somebody want their baby mama to get it today. Oh boy. Wait what your baby mama do to you? Let's talk about it man. What your baby mama done done You fan. She won't let you see your kids. Like what? She won't let you hit like what it is. Let's talk about it man. What your baby mama done? Done dog?


Yeah, keep dropping them cash out. Make sure y'all share your stream, you know Dub got you. And while y'all taking y'all sweet time while y'all taking y'all sweet time, God damn you gotta pay these bills. You know what I'm talking about. You gotta pay these bills And. if you watching this show then you know this show is being presented by prize picks going download the number one sports betting fantasy app that it is right now. Prize picks. Use my promo code trash. T-R-A-S-H-H two Hs with the trash for my first time users. You can put $5 in and they gonna give you 50 just like that.


They, you put five, they gonna give you 50. You can't beat it. Now let me explain how you play his game. It's either more or less old on prospects. They got Kayla Williams scheduled to have 0.5 passing or 0.5 passing or this Sunday we know he gonna have more than 0.5 passing yard. So you put more on that one. Yeah, you definitely put more on that one. And that's a easy win that that a easy, a easy one that they giving you. They also got Aaron Jones for the Packers having 56 in a half rush yards. You either put more or less he playing against the New York Giants. I will take him over. If you are asking me just me, you know I'm gonna be putting my picks up as well.


So y'all will be able to see who I picked as well. They got Tyreek Hale, the have 98 and a half passing Army receiving yards against the Jacksonville, Jaguar. Will Tyreek have have 98 and a half passing yards against the Jacksonville Jaguar more or less. Come on, you gotta go more now. I'm giving y'all the game right now. The day. If you ain't already downloaded Prospect, what you waiting on man? This is some extra money you could be making man. You know what I'm talking about. Some of y'all might wanna start another business, you better get on Pride Pick and win and you can do it just like that. But when you do it, when you do finally download pic, use my promo code trash with two hs baby. What I'm talking about now let's get right back to it.


Now we giving my trash Digga. Brian Kelly, the head coach of the LSU Tigers trash. They need to fire you right now. So on the door make sure you got that tiger behind them too. So he gonna try to come back when he do fire. Brian Kelly right now I don't like his attitude. I don't like the way he talked. I don't like the way he walked. I don't like the way he sniff. I don't like the way he cough. Get his ass out of left. Bring somebody else in in LSU. Yeah, let Tyrone Matthew Matthews coach you. If you ask me let Dante cu Pepper coach him. If you asked me time for Brian chili ass to go and he can't have no to go play when he go because I know it's pop belly as alligator go eating now.


Gonna want some food to go nope. Bye. He on your jet and go whatever we owe you, he'll pay you. But other than that, go, got to get rid of him. Definitely pulling up the Eddie of George. Y'all. I ain't worried about that. Definitely pulling up the Eddie of George. We definitely showing up my brother some love this year, man. You know he at Tennessee State University right now. But yeah, drop them cash outs man. Drop them cash outs man. Don't forget I got that Cooper interview gonna drop this week too. So Yeah, I'm working. I need y'all to work with me. We gonna work together.


Drop them cash apps, let's talk about it. If you want one of them trash shirts I got too, you know hit me up at Bubba Dub entertainment@gmail.com And, we can go from there. Search 30 bucks, let's get this movement going NFL season, let's get this movement going and get the trash movement going. Get these trash movements going. Y'all gonna be on the field with these players, interviewing them after the game, chopping it up, getting y'alls, you know what I'm saying? Asking the real questions that need to be answered. Yeah. After the game ride receiver three drops. What's going on with your hands fam?


You had three or four drops today, wasn't even no rain out there. What's going on? Yeah, that's what I'm bringing to the table this season. Not them. Same old bullshit journalist question. They keep asking you got the ball a couple of times. No, no, don't nobody want to hear it that way. What's going on with your hands fam? Running back Fum the two fumbles. What? What's going on? You can't hold on the ball. Is it the way that he is? He hand it off to you. Is your fingers broke? What's going on fam? You can't seem to handle the ball. Yeah, I'm bringing that to the game Sight. I think old bullshit they been doing since the 1950s. It's a new surfing in town and it's bubble do and I need y'all to help me push, push this, push this train I got, we gonna pray for you and your child support fam.


But for right now, the best thing you can do when you on child support is pay it. Pay that child support. Try to get back in good with your baby mama if you can. But right now you gotta pay that child support fam. Damn. I'm right. Pay that child support. We finna pick a lucky fan on here. Finna give y'all $150 today. Go give away $150 a day courtesy of prize picks. Go download Pride. Pick right now, man. I don't know what y'all waiting on man. I wanna see this episode everywhere. I wanna see it on your TikTok that y'all got. I wanna see it on your YouTube channel. I wanna see it on your igs. Facebooks, I wanna see this show right here everywhere.


I wanna see it everywhere. We ain't playing no game this year. We having fun mine. Who all going to a football game this Sunday? Who all going to a home football game this Sunday? If your team at home playing, who all going? I'm gonna say, sitting to this side, be out. Care who you sitting you to? Somebody finna win $150. Tell you that right now. Somebody finna win $150 Crenshaw. Pick somebody. Pick somebody.


We finna pick a winner right now. Crenshaw Pick somebody. Man. There we go. I think the, we got a winner. I think we got a winner. Y'all. Dean Taylor. Thank you. A winner. Think we got a winner, y'all Dean got you a winner, man. Dean Taylor is the winner today on the Bubba Dove Show. He just won $150 for more. Now I ain't gotta come back over here and find it, but you won.


Dean Taylor is the today on The Bubba Dub Show $150. Shout out to you fmo. Thank everybody for tuning in and watching The Bubba, Dub Show, we gonna be dropping four days a week. I'm going live so y'all can be used to me going live around this time at 12:00 PM Central time. Be on the lookout for that as well. Always jump in the post and, and let y'all know when I'm gonna drop as well. Just make sure you turn on your notifications and don't forget that I'm finna be picking people to fly out to these games with me as well. Any questions like, like I always tell y'all, y'all let me know.


Give the comments section, let me know, man. Any questions, anything. Also y'all can call, I mean y'all can text me at 8 1 8 3 5 5 51 51. Any ideas? Anything you wanna talk about? Anything in the world that I don't know about that I haven't talked about? Text me and we'll go over it and we'll talk about it. Yeah, I'm the, I'm, I'm I'm I want be the Go-to spot y'all. I wanna go to for y'all, for y'all Sports and news, come to the Bubble Dub show. I'm gonna give it to you. Believe at, yeah, I'm gonna be in SSON October the fourth through the sixth. Go and grab 'em tickets right now in Aon, Texas.


You know Dallas, you already know we sell out. Go and grab them tickets right now. I be there. October is fourth through sixth. Man, the show gonna be crazy. Show. Show gonna be crazy. Yeah, I'm trying to get Champ to pull up, trying to get Floyd to pull up to the show in sson. October 4th through the sixth. And y'all pull up. Come celebrate with your boys going down. Promise you that. Got to get in the mix. Keep tuning in. They got Mario Cooper interview finna drop too as well. Keep tuning in, man. That's my time. I'm out. Peace. The volume. For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture.


So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help.


Grainger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done. Hey, It's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast Deep cover out now all about George Santos. That's like, you know Mr. Ripley meets Catch me if you can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone. How did George Santos convince everyone that he was someone else? And how deep do his lies go? Listen to deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances, asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, UA Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend. Thomas Ratt Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin. Hand More Stream, live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com. Smokey the Bear Then you know why Smokey tells you when he sees you passing through. Remember, please be careful.


It's the least that you can do Play with After 80 years of learning his wildfire prevention tips. Smokey Bear lives within us all. Learn more@smokeybear.com. And remember, only you can prevent wildfires. Brought to you by the USDA, forest servicer, state Forester and the ad Council.