
For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet and more. Buy tickets now with axs.com.


The volume. What's up y'all? Y'all come on in man. Y'all gone on. Sit out today and get comfortable man. But welcome to the Bubble Do Show. I am your host Bubba. Do hit the like button while you're here. Hit the subscribe button while you're here. Richard Tucker, what's good fam? Anthony Smith. What's good with you baby? Let's go on and dive into it. I seen something somewhere where Run Barber, you know the, the the, the ex running back, I mean not the ex but retired running back for the New York Giants. He said he would take Daniel Jones right now over Dak Prescott Trash.


That's absolutely bullshit. And you know it Run De Baldheaded Barber. I know you played for the Giants. I know you wanna be loyal to your organization but Daniel Jones, Daniel Bad Bone Jones over that never. It ain't even, you can look at the stats. It ain't even close. Oh, Daniel Jones can use his legs. That what? Hell that got you. No damn well the whole organization regret giving Jones that damn money. My dad. Man come on now. We you know we got, we gotta be honest. Sometimes we can't be bullshit all we can't be bullshit people all, all the time. Sometimes we got to keep it real. Even them damn rats that's in New York wearing trench coats wearing Timberland shoes Wade Way even they know that better than Daniel Jones.


Hell Daniel Jones ain't even better than dragging Fly Jones. And y'all know it. Eli man rolling over in his damn grade right now looking that Daniel Jones ain't done nothing. Done got two or three coaches five now getting the come beg to differ. Only Daniel Jones doing is getting people fired. Man, you a barber on that. Damn, he on more than poverty legend. Hell Leon on Zang legend too. That's, that's a z ass talking for me. What my Giants fans say. Y'all been running around here all season dub. You always sleeping on this giant because you motherfucker okay you Eli.


Okay. Oh fucking but ain't nobody checking for no damn giants. I dunno no real New Yorker that go for the Giants. Tell me I'm lying. I ain't never heard Cameron. And, and and Jim Jones. Them big daddy came them talking about they Giants fan never. These are facts. People in New York don't even go for the damn giants. Y'all rooting for the Jets now because they got a ride over there and Charles Gordon over there. Y'all ain been repping them damn them New York teams and y'all know it.


Somebody nigga slap run they barber in his bald head. Yeah Eli with decent. I'm saying Eli was decent. Eli Don get into the NFL Hall of Fame two ring beat Brady twice. Eli will get in there, he'll get in there. But the goal is to say Daniel Jones is a better quarterback than D stop. And I know Dak ain't want a motherfucking thing. I'm not gonna defend him big in the league no ring. I I I'm not gonna defend that big games. He ain't been there just like my father wasn't for me in my life but now I'm doing good. He come don't pull.


That's how people is in the world. Wait until you store doing good. Then they wanna come along and lie. Man, boy I knew you were gonna blow boy. I knew it. Ooh many nights I pray for you nigga. You ain't pray for me. I know you, you been praying for. You ain't pray for do y'all start hanging around people. They got bad energy and bad spirits. That don't mean you no damn good wondering why shit can't go right in your life 'cause you done brought you, you got this evil ass spirit beside you. Evil spirit could be your girl, could be your homeboy, it could be in it. You got to be careful who you bring around you. These are facts.


Everybody can't go, everybody can't be with you. You over here thinking how to get a million dollars y your your partner could be over here thinking how they gonna take the million from you. Well if you're thinking about taking from me, you get your bad spirit ass away from me. I don't lose you around me. Damn right. Bill Parel rolling over in this damn grave right now. No ones Taylor too on the golf course. Phil Seas rolling over in this damn grave now I'm done with the Giants but back to the Cowboy. I get it. That ain't done shit either. Now he crying and wanting a new contract. Motherfucker put some hardware on your finger and they ain't talking about the wedding ring.


You got your girls either. No talking about that Li boy. Every time I look around, pat my home fat ass Andy, Reed, Travis, Kelsey, they putting rings on they finger. Why? Why we gotta go and and and and and and buy buy rings to put on our finger. Why can't we earn it every Sunday? Us Cowboy fan, we go to the game, we tailgate, we we go get them Mexican meat markets. Buy that meat barbecue, buy the jerseys. Don't y'all know we buying the jerseys and everything and steal your fucking lose. We do it every damn year.


Every year I, I call everybody. I know we kicking y'all ass this year. That's on God. We start out good. We start our capital looking good. We we we looking terrible. I'm sick of losing man. I ain't bullshitting. I'm as a cowboy fan, I'm sick of losing man. Yeah. How y'all feeling man? Now we ain't pick up no damn players. I told you one of the best thing we did was that damn kicker. Aubrey cold to kick that motherfucking set in the yards in the snow.


I trust him. I got my trust in the Dallas Cowboy Kiko. That's it. Everybody telling me what Dak going do this year. Dak. I mean what Zeke going do this year? Zeke ain't do nothing last year. He go oh he gonna cut down on eating, tweak it in honey. But what about the damn Rotel dip? He's still eating up there? Huh? He still eating rot Dip. Look at his navel. You know you know Zeke like the word I'm Hal the top look at his navel. That's a Rotel dip Eagle. He ain't the same Zeke. I wish he was but he ain't. He done got older, he got a lot of miles on him from them hoes.


Them ho weren't Zeke out. I'm gonna keep it real on this. Damn. So them hoes done Zeke out. He ain't got no more energy. Them hoes got it and you got too much pride in him to take some hundred packs. All you got to do is take one Zeke, you'll be eating forever. I don't know what y'all see in it man. I just don't know what y'all see in it man. I don't, I don't. I know they all professional athletes, they're great. They were this and that but Father Time has caught up to Zeke. That's all I'm saying. He ain't running like the ball like he used to run. I seen him doing some drill that were handing the ball to him. He holding his damn stomach afterwards. Come on fa you in done now all of a sudden it's kicking your ass.


No, no I don't How y'all feeling? Honestly though. My cowboy fan. How y'all really feeling about about this team right now? Because Lamb still ain't practice. Lamb ain't practice yet. How y'all feeling? You damn right going. Cooper Ru was playing better than D but I get it. Dak was the starter. He had to come back but Cooper Rush looked damn good. I just wanna win at this point man. That's all I would love for Dak to give us a Super Bowl but I don't think he gonna be able to get it man because he too worried about what people saying motherfucker. Y'all talking about you in this meeting motherfucker come in, sit down right here.


You got great numbers. What my damn ring get? That's what I, if I'm Jerry you know Jerry Jones. Oh he ain't that motherfucker shaking that. I just wanna win baby. I just, I'm I believe that's that's I Jerry looking, I just shaken like a mother. I just wanna win. No you don't. If you won't win you wouldn't have bought in Bur belly had McCartney in nothing. You win got us somebody else. That's a real legal, we need a legal to lead the Cowboys like McCarthy ain't it. He couldn't even control Aaron Rogers. He couldn't even co control Aaron Rogers in Green Bay.


It ain't shit to do in Green Bay. Number number hunt elk and check chicken needs. That's all they can do up there. Can do and eat cheese and bullshit. Damn. Y'all feel about J Lo. J Lo and big and being aff that getting a divorce. Say what y'all want say J Lo can't keep a damn man. Man since I've been living, I done seen J Lo go through 75 relationship. I'm starting to thank his her. Well y'all come defender 75 relationship.


She ain't with none of them. Oh. Being after that gonna spin the block again. Thought it was going work. Never. I'm here to let you know right now. You can say what you wanna say Jennifer Lopez box trash and I still get it. I I'm just saying I still get it. I know it trash but I'm still gonna get it though shit. I be a damn fool. Not, not to get JLo shit come here. You play in the movie in the condo let show you a real one. Come here. Yep. A real miniature one. Come here because I'm one inches. Come here. I make J Lo fall in love with this one of this python I got. Come here baby.


Yeah Jenny from the block. That's who I want. I want Jenny from the block make her motherfucking head turn getting with me. Turn her ass every wish way but shit lemme get JLo. You already with Steroid taking that a ride before being shit. Come to me. Come to I ain't got they kind money. I ain't got them big muscles but I got some very valuable this to in that hundred in they hundred pack. Come on, come on. I had J-Lo on cross eye fucking with me.


Shit I have J-Lo wearing Black Panther shirts. I'm not bullshitting you. Shit. I had that made back in the hood. We over here mama eating greens bacar wrong and cheese and real chicken. The one with the blood hanging in it. Come here. You young old can't cook gonna invite me over and the damn chicken bloody never you bring your mama in here. You tell me Dorothy I want her. That's who I want. I won't be a neck bone cooking motherfucker. They them, them old school women, they all about your health. They gonna make sure you can't come over old school house run. No you gotta stay your ass where you at until you well that's that old school world. Well not until you getting healed until you well then you can go over there and work me dorothy ass out.


Yeah come here. Might even let you put some of that. This ain't trash in there. Her woman she might get, she might puff on it three or four times. Sure. She showing out man you really care about me and do shit. That $150 you gave me the other day came through in the CLER phone. I need my phone bill paid and you got me some gas in my car and I was able to buy me a 3.5. Shit. I love you Miss Dorothy shit nigga put me on your wheel. Damn your kids them old motherfucker, they don't care about you. All they wanna do is your money. I want more than your money. I want the hundred come here, them women 25 and 30 trash give me 35 to 70, 35 and 70 I want come here.


Gimme mow your yard baby. Shit you gotta hire no damn Mexican. Shit you I'm sitting y'all come here God damnit call me do senior y'all come here mowing yard doing gardens, all that y'all man get you a woman 35 and them fuck them young ones. All they wanna do is run through that bank account. Me run through my them my, them my kids. I need my life paid shit you gonna need more than that. Fucking with me. I'm not giving you nothing back to J-Lo I think it's trash. Just my personal opinion, just my observation over the years of looking at J-Lo and she is fine.


I ain't gonna lie. I see up and say about trash but I'll be glad to bring J-Lo to my family reunion show off. I know my uncle gonna be the first one to. Hey man you gonna brought that old ass ho. So what? How old she's she? My old old now holding hands and everything. I know my mama don't want me to be with no white woman mama. I don't give a damn what mama want. This my life mama. I bring all up and through that family reunion and she gonna have on a family reunion shirt too. And my sisters and brothers better not say a damn thing. Give a damn about my granddaddy rolling over in this damn grave. I don't give a damn about none of that. This my baby here. Come here. I know she'll help me pay my child support.


She I'm give her straight one inches of me. Come here. Not bullshit. Come on y'all child out


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Booze. The Black Crows Thomas Rhett Victoria Monet Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@a.com.


Trying to tell you it's, it's the old school women. That's what you need in your life fellas. Them young women on me. I want their hair. They motherfucker want go on trips. They want somebody to keep their kids. Hell no I ain't got time for this. Get you an old woman. Her kid grown. She she ain't, she ain't struggling. She don't need you for nothing but that me God damnit here I'm big TV never used. I could put the PS five on that motherfucker. I ain't lying. Surround by sound too. Come on. She she help me build me a mancave. See yeah I'm going with Miss Dorothy. Damn them Youngs when she go to church Wednesdays and Sunday. See, see y'all better find y'all one better find you with Miss Dorothy.


I'm tell 35 and up you hit the jackpot 30 through 25. Motherfuckers they struggles. They fine too. I ain't gonna bullshit you them 25, 30 do some big, big fine motherfuckers make the hers on my chest rise. I'm not bullshitting you but I don't want they gonna mean you no damn good because she can't keep a man. Byron Johnson, that's what it is. It's trash. Yeah because they celebrities don't mean they box ain't trash. Damn. They human just like we human. Come on now. Come on now. Talking about you trying to figure out trash. We she's gonna with 75 motherfucker.


She ain't with none of. She ain't with none. That's why. And she been with and she been with Dig that nobody won't nothing behind Brother Love. Hell no. J from the block. Trash Facts. I don't want nothing Diggy don't ruin Young Miami come here. I lied. Come here. See young Mike come here my damn puff didn't want you no way. I do. Puff won the other hole. I want the right hole.


Come here. Change Miami Young Miami motherfucking lie. She won't be on the podcast getting no more talking shit. She'll be at the crib babysitting Newborn. Come here, see babysitting Junior, look at that. How damn right on tv. That's me dig. Bullshit. Diggy looking in the mirrors, looking at his hoe going down. Threw it on Young Miami. 200 packs a night. Shit. Trying to tell you I'm not bullshitting you. I I'm shit, I'm the magic man. Y'all let my young Miami know. I said what it do shit go down through there.


Where you at? Miami. Come here let me, let me call Champ. Tell my nigga use the big house. Come here. I call Floyd right now and tell him I knew you the big house down there in Miami. Pull up all glass. I want everybody to see us but nigga all glass come here. Shit, you'll never think about digging again. Once you get with me. Once you get with Doug, your ass in. Come here. Bad motherfucker. I'm a construc. I'm a one inch constructor. You ain't think this one inch the do is shit. I neither. That's why I know I'm the magic man. That's why I know I'm the mother fucking magic man. This thing I'm telling you one is brussel brussel.


Well J-Lo ain't crazy so we know it's trash. I ain't lying. Whooping one is of motherfucking brussel straight hand when you ain't got to get hell on Thanksgiving, you can get it every day over him with me. Pineapples around this ham come here. Yep, I'm glazing too. Taste good too. That's what they say. Come here. Gotta make, gotta make it make sense these days by J Lo. Man I love fucking death but the box trash. Another thing I'm gonna talk to y'all about too. Child support going through the roof. Man shit, she ain't gonna put me on no child support and I put this on shit. Yeah she ain't no if she do, we'll take a trip out to the sea Young mind have a baby by me and wanna put me on child support.


Let's go out to the sea. Going on a cruise, shit. Going on a cruise for her. Shit. Take y'all some real shit man. Give her the best three minutes ever. You damn right. 3 million regular I'm hundred pack seven minutes. I ain't, I'm a regular. I'm regular D. Three minutes I'm gone hundred pack, I'm seven minutes. That's four minutes of motherfucking person. I'm going die through there too. You didn't think you were gonna feel this woman's killer either but you don't.


You feeling me? You feeling me? Tell y'all another thing going on right here. Can a man fall in love with a stu? Shit you damn right. I done fell in love with men Stu. Ain't nothing like getting them stud women. Ain't nothing like taking the boxes off that motherfucker. Some of them be stiff too but ain't nothing like taking the boxes off a stud. Woman. Come on. You know be wearing them little tank tops too. Come chubby motherfucker up on boxes. Come on. And I ain't wearing no condom with either. Mm. Ain't nobody getting it. Me call stu fool. Shit I get under them mother seats and get them stu. Hell come here, come come here.


Work in them studs. Y'all don't know the stu got the best come. Come on. You know they got them love handles too right here. They got them love handle them stu. They be having that fat and when you motherfucker right there gonna be like boy stop. Stop. Hell stop that hitting that motherfucker Stu. She can't run. She kind of run from me but you can't run from God baby come on. He sent me. Come here let show you the real me. Come on you can still Nicky, Nicky over all that. You wanna but when you want they ham. You calling me out there with Slept with a stud. Talk to me.


Talk to me now. You damn right. Them studs can fix your sink. I love a good handy ass stu to come around me. Come on. Damn right. Them stu be having it going on. Damn right. I'm a freaky ass nigga. I'm a 69 God. Oh your dog was 69. God I ain't deny now. I told you I was tell you earlier, I take JLo to my family reunion whole hand. I take a damn stu to my family reunion. Whole hands book two. You gonna wear a dress today? Some dress. I know you used to wearing God damn Dickies and, and and and Skinny jeans. Not today.


Yeah. Now know normally on the block your name sound but today your, your name Samantha your real name put that res on and don't you wear no pants. I won't see nothing but Wax monkey up on the, that's what I want when I stick my hand up on there. Nothing but wax Monkey come here and it better be my fragrance too. Come on. Make a stu get gangs up in this mother boy. Y'all bullshiting. Brittany gr I don't want Brittany. I want no damn Brittany gr nope. I want a different kind of Stu. Yeah I want different no damn Brittany ground.


Damn right they will them stu cold. Get your head in. Change your, you damn right. Ain't nothing like, ain't nothing like knocking down one of them studs and laying up pillow talking with 'em. Boy I love pillow talking with a stu shit I ain't bullshitting. I be looking her dead. Nah eyes. She looking at me now she playing with my be, I'm playing with her beard. Come here. Damn baby you got like two strings right there. You doing a little something so girl you doing a little something so she be like boy stop. Hey for real. Why you got two strings up under your chin? Shit. You know what I'm talking about. Know my shit. I all the way connected but my stu my my girl know she got three strings up on there. Shit I be playing what shit I like shit, one day you gonna shave me, I'm gonna shave you.


You know what I'm saying? Like me and my still we gotta go bond. You know what I'm saying? Like, like we we gotta go bond and it can't be broken either. It can't be broken. TK slay, I ain't bull shit we got bond. It can't be broken man. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. Well God love making love to a stud. I'm hitting that motherfucker from the back and it's getting good to it because they one inch it's starting to go down through there because of how fast I'm going. Like I say one inch ain't nothing but if I'm going a hundred miles an hour, I put a hole in a green canyon. I'm, I'm hitting with this one. They packing me in them thirties dammit. I'm on over. She looking back at me know shit after we go to church, hell yeah I go to church with my stud.


We'll go right up in there and tell the pastor what's on our mind. I don't like the way y'all feel about gay people. You know what I'm saying? You making her feel some kind of way. I don't like that. You know what I'm saying? God love all big, tall, small God love us Hall sin is a sin. And didn't say all sin but greater than No he say a sin is a sin. So I'm gonna need my pastor to forgive her for what she doing. She but get you a stu tell you Right that damn now you bullshit. Get you a stud man. Some of y'all still mad at me right now. About what I said yesterday about Robert Orry not being in the hall of Fame, he ain't no motherfucking hall of famer.


I understood he hit big shots in big games but what wasn't your mother damn games is what I wanna know. Talk to me, talk to me. What was Robert? That's right. You motherfucker can't gimme no answer. Not saying it wasn't one of the best role players ever or a big shot. I know that we talking about Hall of Fame numbers. That motherfucker name ain't on them now what don't y'all think if he was really a hall of famer, they would've been them voted him in all the coaches.


They would love a player like him. Why hasn't he been voted in? Because he's not a whole can't take nothing away from his career. Submarines and submarines. I love it. Wish the Lakers have another rival over right now. But if y'all gonna put Rob in the motherfucker, you might as well put Derrick in. That's all I'm saying. If Rob gonna get in, put in Draymond definitely a hall of famer. Draymond definitely getting in but like I said ain't nothing like taking the motherfucking boxes off a stud.


Slide the motherfuckers off first. You gonna have that hand right there boy. Stop play with me. I gotta put $575 on your cash app too. Don't play with shit. You know what time it's we in the club. We was in the club. I had my eye on you. I seen the thickness up under them. Dickies come here. I seen the thickness up under them Dickies pants you had on baby and them tattoos on your face. I see I seen past. I seen past your childhood scars. Baby I want love on you. I wanna kiss you on your neck. I wanna make you swear. That's what I told that Stu.


Hell take that motherfucker take that. Take that goddamn headband off you ain't no Crip. Come on. I took that headband off that Crip. Think she want one of them rolling sixties. Take take it off. Come here. What? Stop? Ain't no motherfucker stop. I grabbed her hand and reached inside my pan. Let her feel a one inch more


For 25 years. BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Our IHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows. Thomas, Bret, Victoria, Monet Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell Out@aex.com.


She talking about ooh it must have been the must have been them thirties she was on because ain't no female ever told me ooh when they grabbed my one monster. Ain't no female ever told me that but she did. That's why she special with me. She special with me. Bullshit can y'all the truth the hell y'all talking about. Damn right. Y'all playing with her bird and she playing with my bird. Y'all better stop playing with me. Y'all better stop playing with me. Let's get to this. Hell no shit today too. Let Live on show. He knows what he he Somebody can heat me up asking me since I'm so in love with these studs when I move in with one.


Hell no. Hell since the moving in part for me, I can give you what you want. Bang bang And. we go by that. But moving me iuh, I don't do good in relationship like that because women, y'all get two motherfucking noses. I had this one chick I had to break up with. She dig everything right. She know she sex was good, the head was good. She clean good but she clean too good. She got to the point where she wanted to start washing my clothes and I ain't like all that. I could wash my own clothes because the minute you go in there and wash my clothes and realize I got shit in my drawers, it's gonna be a problem in the relationship and I don't want that. So stay on your side. I stay on my damn side. So no Doug don't like relationships like that man. That's why I could never move in with a stud because stud too much like me.


She gonna wanna try to check my boxes and all that and you know what I'm saying, it might be some sugar, nothing. And I don't have time explaining why I'm a grown man and why I got shit in my drawers. I don't want, you know what I'm saying? I don't wanna cause no confusion. I ain't gonna tell them what I might do if you tell somebody I had shit in my drawer knowing me I bow that's me. No I don't do no talking. I ain't doing, ain't doing no talking. You know what I'm saying? I, I ain't with I'm I'm, I'm real. I'm a real gangster. Hell me, I'm you a real gangster. Can't fight, can't do none of that shit. I'm good dial I'm one on as in Yeah lying.


Shit I got somebody time to tell you. Hey you damn right Joe. Shit happened. Somebody ask me on will I put the hundred packs down for the cowboy to win a Super Bowl? Hell no. Ain't nothing gonna never come between me and my damn hundred pack. I don't give a damn what it is. It could be my mama baby. It's either me or them hundred packs. Bye mama. Bye. You get your ghost mail now wait for me and get me my motherfucking honey pack. Ain't nothing like on that road.


You done got that call. Pull up. I'm on the way. Buy me up one and on the road. Yeah by the time I get there I'm on limo. That one needs to be stressed out on limo and do what? Don't talking when I come over we talk. But people understand about women. Y'all do all that talking. Then when we get there you talk again bitch motherfuckers off or have a rolled on with nothing up on it though. I wanna see wax, I wanna see laser or I can, you can go back to the razor box for me.


I don't give a damn long as you ain't got nothing up on the don't look for me to go in my pocket for no condom because th don't no ain't gonna be able to do it when you wear a condom. Mother stood never. Hell no. Hell no. I ain't gonna be able to do it. I'm a real man. Y'all talk to me man. How y'all feeling right now man, how y'all feeling man they had that DNC last night. Kamala Harris, them boy. They raising a bunch of saying I'm telling you boy my neighbor, my old school neighbor, that boy got, see they got signs up every motherfucking well I got, I'm talking my day on the trip though. One shit they not bullshiting with this election.


I'm staying out this shit. Ooh I'm staying out this shit. Everybody calling me asking me who I'm going for man I'm going for who I want go for leave me alone man you politician y'all. Y'all crazy man. That hurt you behind whoever you vote for. Hell no I ain't getting in that keeping my thoughts and and my beliefs to my damn self. Only person I'm voting for is God. That's it. My hope. My heaven savior up there. That's it. I ain't getting any of that shit. Y'all be trying to cancel people. Hell no. I'm voting for God. That shit give a damn. Hell no. I ain't gonna be able to do it. Y'all got me messed up today y'all bullshit Because if I say if I go for Kamal man you tripping man. She ain't this and that man you can't win. You can't win when neither one of them retarded motherfuckers up there in that white house.


I can't even run my own house. I the hell I gonna see. Hell no. I think a stud should be president if you ask me. We get the best of both worlds now. That's what we need a stud in office. Kamala ain't no Stu. You need a real motherfucking stu in you. Somebody I can stand up behind too. Damn right. Jerry Jones about gonna vote for Jerry Jones. Anybody gonna vote Jerry Jones a hundred years old. That could be another Biden in office.


Shit. How y'all feeling today man? It's Wednesday. Who going to church? Who going the bible study? Who helping the kids with their homework today? Which what I wanna know. Chill will vote for you want for it bro. That's your business. I ain't got nothing to say. I'm staying out of that shit. Especially in my position boy they all let me, they all in my e dm. They all in my emails man. I ain't not getting in that shit man. 'cause I ain't gonna be able to win. If I vote for one other, not the other, I ain't gonna be able to win. So no I'm not doing, I'm staying outta that. I'm sticking my ass to this company and in sport. That's it. Anything else? I ain't I hell no.


You talking about to be Ddo all in the White House. You damn right. It we'll be. It's okay. We'll be good. We'll be good. We'll be good trash of the day. I got to give it to Rundy Barber for saying Daniel Jones better than D. No he not. No he not. He might get run the ball better but he ain't better between the rounds. Gimme Dak. That's a big negative Rundy barber. That's a damn big negative. The hell you talking about up there. Shit gonna be able to do that school story now. School already done started down here and let me tell you, them motherfucking women taking them kids to them school bus be butt naked.


I'm talking about they they face be all busting up but I don't give a damn. I'm coming through that motherfucker smelling like Creed. I'm putting this shit on. Let that bus stop. I'm trying to, I'm trying to leave one of them little kid come here, come here. I know this, I know that fam had them dunks on last year. It's a new school year. Why he ain't got no new? No, don't even worry about it. Follow me over here till tomorrow. We going we're finna get you right live you need. So I changed a motherfucker lie. What you want? What you need? I'm gonna get you right baby. Yeah I I'm looking at you now. I can see your shirt you got on Yellow Bra and black P down. Bitch you ain't no B bitch.


You ain't no B. You ain't no BLE bee. I won't mansion bra and titty. Shit. Come here take you down nigga. JC Penny by you. A hundred brass. Did you right with the matching bottoms. Come on. Change your lives. Yeah you gotta change these women live man. Real talk Jamal. You change these women. Lie yellow, little broad and black panic bitch you ain't no Bumblebee. I'm gonna get your matching sets. I'm gonna get your matching sets


and if you're tuning into your show then you know it's being presented by prize picks. Go and use my promo code or prize. Pick trash with the two Hs baby. First time users put $5 in you'll get 50. Damn you damn right you'll get fit at that. More less easy to play private more or less over there. What you mean by that? Dude, what I'm saying is to show your Tony they got him tonight. Slate to hit one home Run. You either put more less Aaron Judge Slate to have 0.5 Home run more less. Got my girl Angel Re to have seven rebounds, you either put more less, y'all better stop playing and Gold 11 prize pick right now and download the number one sports betting fantasy say app right now. Don't forget you gonna see me in the commercial real soon but but only y'all who watching would know that your finna be on tv. Come here. Yeah I finna be on tv. You finna see me. I'm gonna play that mother commercial a thousand times. I ain't You gonna see it a thousand times. I'm not bullshiting.


Tune in to my subscribers right now. Thank you. Keep coming. We coming like this our old mother fucking football season. 49 fans. I know y'all can't wait to talk shit. Packer fans, saints fans. Raid fan Falcon fan. What my a TL people at right now. Big Thug coming home. Yeah. Y'all didn't, y'all didn't know Big. Y'all didn't know Big Thug ate them suits until y'all seen you all that ga, all that weight gain come on Damnit. Come on. I ain't bullshitting and it it yeah I'm in love with a stu. I'm gonna be real. I'm in love with one shit. I lot more lost my life when she broke up with me. I was sick.


I lost so much weight. I got down to my birth weight after that. Stu left me. I'm not bullshitting you but I was motherfucker, my whole church came to my house praying for me. I was, that's how much weight got lost. I bounced back. I got that motherfucker back in my life. Come on. I go ahead and get you that Altima baby. I was being selfish. Went down there and got her 2019 on Altima. That motherfucker sound like a scap pack though. That's what it sound like when she cranking. But she rolling know she still with her women. She doing what she do. But shit, when I come in, well yet she pull up. She pull up, she going down.


Thank y'all for tuning in today. Yeah. Thank y'all for tuning in today. Do Ain't bullshitting. I told y'all I'm gonna start going live Damnit. I'm going live in the flesh. That's what I do. Whatever y'all wanna talk about next time, let me know. Write 'em in the come in. Damnit. We'll talk about whatever y'all wanna talk about. I don't give a damn. I ain't holding nothing in. I ain't want them competing. That's going to be quiet. I'm gonna talk. I'm gonna speak the truth. If anything I'm gonna speak the truth. That's all. Well at least when I think the truth and Robert is not no motherfucker Hall of Famer. He not his fucking stats tell me he not big shot. Yes he hit him. When I'm looking down, somebody gonna tell me, man you saying he ain't never, ain't nobody.


It wasn't never his team. Well it ain't never been Clay Thompson. Man. Hold on. It's the Splash Brothers for a reason. Who is the Splash Brothers, ain't it? Stephen Curry and Clay. Well God Damnit talking Aurora ain't better than no Clay Thompson. And y'all know it. Thank y'all for tuning in today's episode man. I'll see y'all again when I see y'all man. I'm gonna be in OKC Thursday through Sunday. That's right. This Thursday and Friday I'm at Bricktown Comedy Club in Oklahoma City. That's where I'm gonna be at. Grab them tickets. Saturday and Sunday. I'm in Tulsa first 48 Tulsa Bricktown Comedy Club. Man, y'all pray for your boy if you ain't gonna be able to make it.


If you got people out there in Oklahoma, let him know. Dub on his mother fucking read. And if they gonna come, they trash peace The volume.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView senior living.com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Does money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity finding facet immediately put us at ease. Facets. Innovative approach to financial planning ensures your money works as hard as you do, enabling members to experience the joys of having your finances in order. And that makes us fast for life. Now, I guess. Visit facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth is an SEC registered Investment advisor. This is not an offered by our sell securities, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current FAA members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now with axs.com.