
The Volume. What's up y'all? What's up y'all? It's your boy Bubba. Do man. Go ahead and hit the like button. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button right now. I know y'all been waiting. You know Thursday night football, Atlanta, dirty bird, thousands against the Tampa Bay Rooster Buccaneers and what a game it was. Baker Mayfield came out hot tonight. 19 for 2,480 yards. Three tees, no interception. Good game. Gotta give Baker Mayfield as good game. But the but, but, but but the, but, but the star of tonight's game is Ice Star.


Kurt Cousins 509 motherfucking passing yard. Throwing that ball every motherfucking round. Threw it to the west side. Oh he threw it the zone six tonight. Threw it to the east. Yeah, we even threw it down. He got five. Yeah, but I ain't getting an outcast night. Kurt cousin did his job like a Falcon gave that mega hundred million dollar deal and he worth every motherfucking penny. I watched him go through his progression. That wasn't now. That one wasn't now, now I'm gonna just check it down. No thing I'm gonna throw it to piss. Think I'm gonna throw it to London. Think I'm gonna throw it to no hands ass Moonie. He would've had more than that if Moonie would've talked.


Ball Balkers got some down. I'm being Atlanta got some, I know it's a trash division. You know it. I know it. Her cousin look good tonight. Look better than I ever seen him completed. 42 out of 58 passenger. That's he throwing, ain't throwing the ball a little too much. But you'll take that overtime win that they did tonight. Both teams three and two side. The tie bows with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. But, but, but you know, you hang your hat on defense. Tampa Bay ain't got no defense. They, they, they, they couldn't stop Kirk cousin tonight. They couldn't really get to him to ack him once or twice. But they couldn't rattle him man. Like he would get down to his first progression, second progression, third progression and still make play able to move, move able to move a change on third downs.


There was the difference in the game tonight. Kurt Cousins look like a great quarterback. Now will he continue to look like that? I don't know. You know he had them games where he looked like damn, Margo and the young Brett f you know before the EBT shit. You know he'll have games like that but then he also have games when he come out and he look like that Prescott. That Prescott is the black Kirk Cousins for me. I'm just being real now. I gotta keep it one. Oh Dak Prescott is the black Kirk cousin for me. I feel like they really the same player. Only thing is Dak Black. That's it. But right now you can't tell Kirk cousin White, he got a grill. He going the blue Magic.


Them going the blue flame tonight and he going to have a ball all they money they playing Kirk cousin. Shit, we're going out everything on him. I'm putting everything on Kirk cousin Tam. Shit. Especially if I'm a player who just made the team. I ain't really making that kind of money. I'm making six, seven, $800,000 year And. we go out with Kirk cousin. Shit go on and get it. Damn you making a whole lot more money. Me go on and get it. I'm running that motherfucking tab up too. But Drake, London look good tonight. 13 catches, you know you just gotta be consistent finding open lanes in the zone. Defense sit know getting in the open spot, then sitting down squatting what?


Kirk Hudson can see you. Kirk cousin can see you. He's gonna fit the ball in. I know Atlanta happy right now man. Even though y'all three and two are wingers a win. I'm not gonna knock y'all Tampa Bay. Y'all got y'all quarterback in Baker Mayfield. I ain't gonna lie to y'all, but right now the defense is holding y'all back right now. He missed a couple of throws. The Mike Evans, Mr. Couple throws the Chris Godwin but hey man, it is what it is man. It's a weak division. Y'all in, you know you still got the Ains down there in that division. Day two and two they gonna bounce back. I got nothing but respect for the Saints. I don't care if they lose every other game, they beat the dog sick out my cowboy.


So I ain't got, I can't really never say nothing bad about the Saints. I'm must do that right now. Yeah, just, just the truth. Just the kind of division they in right now. Let's see, Tampa Bay overall had 160 rush yards. So that was pretty much ball. Chris Goman five reception 64 yard, Mike, Evan five for 62. Gotta be better than that. Falcons, let's go be John Robinson. 12 S 61 yards. That's a team. 18 S 73 yards. Threw the ball 59 times. That's a little excessive on the passing. Raheem Morris Black Coach Rookie over there. Atlanta almost costing the game at the end, getting the delay a game.


And they had, they was at the, they was gonna be a 47 yard field goal but that moved him back extra five yards. So it was a 52 yard field goal that he had to make to go into overtime. So it's some, it's some learning curve for Raheem Morris. But overall as a team and Langa dig out went out there and did what they were supposed to do. They, you know they was at home. I know the people in Atlanta happy right now, you know going home and celebrating that overtime win that they got. But man what was better Thursday night football. This is a good thirst night football game. Them last week, last Thursday night football game was absolutely trash like you falling asleep turning the tv. You know what I'm saying?


I wanna watch game like this tonight. The game was on Amazon Prime. I pretty much think everybody pretty much got Amazon Prime that app. But y'all let me know how y'all feeling about Tonight game. How y'all feeling about Kurt Cousins man? Can he keep this up? Know what I'm saying? Talk to me, let me know how y'all feeling about this right now. Yeah we know deal with nuggets play tomorrow. We definitely know. Don't even mention the devil Nuggets on my motherfucking show. You know what they do to my lake, they Laker killers. I don't wanna hear nothing about no motherfucking Denver nuggets. You gotta warm me up to that comment. Fam warm me up to the Denver Nuggets man. Every time I see 'em I just faint. All I know is sweep and fold one all I know, every time we play him we go into the motherfucking locker room saying it's like, it like LeBron them Accept that shit man.


Bring your pistol to the game bro. Be on some above the rim shit. Get a gun ae go handle your business. I'm some Tupac. Shit ain't gonna handle your business. Fuck about no Denver man. NBA finna crank back up. You know, you know I love missing NBA but it's still football season right now man. Yeah you know you should have jumped on that prize pick man. I to I I gave y'all my picks. I I hit. I told y'all y'all gonna be one. Listen no dub man y'all gonna be one listen to me man. Y'all got y'all own mind. I be giving y'all the game. Y'all gonna be wanting to take the game that I'm giving to y'all then y'all be jumping my dm. Hey fan, go ahead and gimme them pics.


No giving them to you right here on this show. You don't wanna listen to me. Who I got outta who? The bingo of Russell. The Ravens. That's a division game man. Bingos versus Ravens right now. I'm going with the Ravens right now. Wade Derrick Henry running that ball. It don't make no motherfucking cent look like Eric Dickerson when he was with the Rams. Derrick Henry still hungry. Andy think go over 10,000 yards. He might be the last running back go over 10,000 yards for a while now. Have y'all thought about that Jerry Jones, why you looking at meats? You coulda been having them cleats on your field. But no we brought back Ze and what it got us no motherfucking well nothing materials coming down my eyes after that game I can cut family members off behind that Ravens and Cowboy game.


I did it and I'll do it again because this week when we play the Steeler, if we don't win I'm blocking somebody else. I can't continue to take these losses like that and not me. Now I'm not a loser, I'm a winner. Yeah, I'm hearing Devonte Adams probably going to the Commanders. That's what I'm hearing. I'm hearing the Jets warning. I'm hearing the Saints warning him. Let's see where he go. But if he go to the Commanders, I think that that would help Jayden Daniels a whole lot more. He already seen the field greatly already hitting his, his receiver s up there Ma Lauren up there bringing Adams over there.


Gonna take a lot of attention off McLaurin and s right now. I mean it's gonna open up the floodgates and if I, I'm Dan Quinn, I think Dan Quinn's one of them head coaches I think behind the scenes, him and his staff that's working to, to get Devonte Adam to the Washington commanders up there with bad Blood Magic Johnson. I would love to see him now. I'd love to see him reunite with Aaron Rogers old looking ass right now. Yeah, Ricky Bobby, I would love, love to see him up there. I'd love to see him down there with them saints with Derek Cardin. You know what I'm saying? I I just, I would love to see Devonte Adams anywhere with a quarterback that can get him the ball because Devonte Adams is a special player.


When he get the ball in his hands he not gonna get it up. Right now with the Las Vegas Raiders they got Gordon miss you. They got David Copperfield up there, they got Eddie Griffin back there playing quarterback Antonio Perry, you need to get your quarterback fam. That's the only reason why Devonte Adams don't wanna be there right now 'cause they can't give him the motherfucking ball. That's, that's the only reason man. That's one thing about the NFL man. Some coaches come into bless situations. Some coaches don't. Some coaches be able to drop them a player. I was dang so hoping Tony your peers to get him a quarterback but man Gordon to miss you ain't it man, he a journeyman man. He gonna be going, he'll be, he'll be with the Browns next year.


Wish they coulda got their hands on Joe Flaco but he up there with with the coach right now. But man how y'all feeling though? Cowboy need help on defense. Cowboy need help every motherfucking world. Jerry Jones bringing that motherfucking helicopter down like, like he like he Red Cross motherfucker, you ain't coming to help you coming to hurt practice going on. They gotta stop practice 'cause you wanna fly in on your motherfucking helicopter. Stop it Cowboy nigga motherfucker. And that's my team. You could have called down there and FaceTime and seen what them nigga roll were doing. They ain't doing shit. Hell them nigga didn't know we had practice that day. Hell they got the call late.


Come on up Jerry on his way y'all come on out here bullshit. Shit. Hell you already thought Jerry Jones was FEMA y might check on P Diggy man I really want somebody to go down there and check on P Diggy being in jail two weeks. I I know, I know brother Love going through it right now y'all he can't see his kids. He can't get to his men the way he want to get to 'em allegedly dig it going through it right now man. I'm I'm telling y'all man. A man well that caliber, that kinda money being able to gig away with the things he used to get away with and y'all heard him. I always get what I want and you always wanted me and God done provided you with that right now for the rest of your motherfucking lives.


Son look at me son. God is finna provide all kind of meats for you. All kind of variety. Small big, medium, whatever you ever can imagine. God is put you in a room full of meats. All you gotta do is go and get it comb. That's all you gotta do is Harlem 'em shake to them meats brother. But on this serious note man we gotta, we gotta, we gotta pray for cones man Boy going through it in there right now. I know he is man. Them inmates calling his name Shauna s Shauna come over here with me and let me, let me show you something. I always been a big fan of you Shauna Giggy, you know his shirt rolled up like this twisting through that motherfucker boy.


Biggie smiling down right now. I'm laughing at come. Gotta be careful man. One day you can be up the next day you can be down. Diddy forgot that. Diddy forgot about we the people who made his funky ass what he's today. He forgot that he got beside hisself. But I don't just blame him, I blame others too. What about the men that talk Dig d nasty ass behaviors that he was doing. Y'all go let's talk about that. What did he learn this shit from? He didn't just learn it overnight. He learned it from somebody. Yeah they need to be, they need to be in jail too now this is why I don't agree what P Digger did but I also think it's some lies going on now.


Now they doing a Smmi campaign now they're saying he was talking to underage girls. Why they say they at first? Huh? Don't you think about it? Why they didn't say he was talking to underage girls at first? Because they lying Anytime they could have said P digger was sleeping with underage people, they would've been nothing said it. They'd have been done done it but I feel like they ain't got enough evidence. All they got is a box full of motherfucking baby all that's all they got baby all and a bunch of lying ass confessions. Some of 'em ain't lying. Some Amelia but for the most part this a smirk campaign. Just brother love man he going to jail. He in jail and he gonna do some motherfucking time. I just don't think he going do what everybody think he going to do.


I think he gonna do about four, five years they gonna release him if I'm him I take my As down there with Russell Simmons down in B and and call it life. That's what I would do. I don't know what y'all do. Nigga let PD out too. I mean nigga let or Kelly out too wasting all that talent in in motherfucking jail. Let, let, let or Kelly out. He gotta have a law enforcement every day with him the rest of his life. So he don't talk to no underage girl. That's what I do. I love them stipulations from him. I what y'all think they or Kelly out? He only can go to the studio, to the house. Any woman that he want gotta be 45 or Bella. We'll stop all they hundred age shit.


45 or better. You ain't getting no more Pussy. Pussy or Kelly pussy. Pussy Dais is over. You getting straight hanging shit pussy from now. Now we gonna stop all that chaos. I I'll help you on your addiction. Tell you nigga something tonight man. Hey man don't leave your motherfucking phone out before your girl can go through your phone. Shit. She won't go through your phone out. She ain't gonna go through. See you be like me out the house. I'm staying. You see why I'm in the room? Stay in the room. Motherfucker went through my phone and canceled Christmas going through a storm. I stole a door for me.


Somebody sent me two. Y'all send them money. Them two or three took them whole send three or something. Man. Motherfucker done went through my phone boy I'm sick And when you do wrong you know your parents call you and tell you about yourself. My hung up in my mama face. I don't wanna hear that shit. I need you to comfort me. Send me 30, 40 down. We on this room. I don't wanna hear all that. I been told you, you ain't told me shit. Y I'm laughing. They say ain't funny. I'm real talk man. I'm on my ass tonight man. I don't even know how do feel my pastor calling me, texting me.


I don't wanna hear that shit. Not the night pastor. Tonight ain't the night. Bam. How my God gonna make a way when because I'm in a room tonight. Y'all ain't never got no phone call while y'all let y'all job that that your girl at the, at the crib with another dude. I leave my job knowing I ain't got no more PTOI leave crib going to leave, leave work going down niggas, you know what I'm saying to the house. See what's going on man. Man. Know what I'm saying nigga nothing. Nigga cruising in my girl nigga I'm looking through the window. I mean grooving them, she moaning and shit. I'm talking about moaning so bad. She got tears coming down her motherfucking eye man I at the window just just, you know what I'm saying, he going so hard.


I start playing with myself man. She moan him too man. Bed wet, you can see the wet thing. She ain't never got wet like that with me. Man ain't never, I ain't never seen her on that kind of level before. You know what I'm saying? I stood there til he came out and shit man. You know what I'm saying? I ain't, I ain't say nothing to him. I said it to her 'cause I'm a real guy. I, my problem ain't with him and he had a new car, you know what I'm saying? I'm pretty sure his ac work good and and everything and I could see why she stepped out on me because dude got his shit together and you know what I'm saying and you know I ain't no hater but you know I found out who he was.


Dude sell weed, you know what I'm saying, like you know what I'm saying. He, you know he sell weed and you know I stumbled down there to the police down there and told him what he doing and all that. You know what I'm saying? I wasn't on no hating shit though. It's like I don't believe in selling drugs to kids. He sell weed to kids and I ain't with that and I'm all about cleaning up my community and that's all I was doing. So you know she won't be seeing him no more. I mean she might be seeing somebody else but she won't be seeing him for a minute. I heard they gave him seven years man. And you know, you know anybody else wanna step out there, you know what I'm saying to my girl, whatever and spit game you at your own risk fam. You know what I'm saying? You at your own motherfucking risk trying to holler at my girl.


I'm gonna sharp for real. Brad Johnson wrote number. You got real talk man. Yeah he definitely sold a third leg. Couldn't get to 200 that ran me hot man. I got four out five a night. Would've got five out five over there on pics man. Got four out of five dealing with Baker. That a good game. Just couldn't get over 200 yards. I don't understand that. Kirk K had over 500 yards but Baker Mayfield can't throw, can't throw 200 yards. I want, I want Kirk cousin drug tested for steroids right now. Soon as he take that uniform on. Come on over here. Come on here.


God damnit get that vein out me test you throwing the ball 58 times. You ain't tied yet. Shit, Kirk on something real talk good one too. I I I bet I I dig less on good one so I won on that one for real. Falcons won. I ain't, I can't, I can't, I can't say nothing about the Falcons y'all won man. I'm gonna give y'all all that man. I see the New York met one tonight four, two against the brewers. They up two wing in their series right now. Yeah I took a New York mess man. Shit too much bullshit going on in the world right now man.


Now they holler Car could be allegedly slept with Stefan did. If she did that's her business car could be a grown motherfucking woman. She can sleep with whoever she want to. She can give it to whoever she want to. I don't give a damn but I'm just saying this tonight. Give it to me. I wish Lisa I will appreciate it. Shit. I said don't love you no more. He ain't gonna make love to you. Like I'm gonna make love to you. He ain't gonna read them kid bedtime stories like I would Carter BI said he ain't gonna do all that. He got too much money. He ain't got too much pride in he, he ain't gonna do all the things I'm gonna do. I'm gonna wash the dishes. Fuck Maid. I'm the maid. I'm gonna wash the clothes, I'm gonna fold them. I'm gonna do all that. I'm gonna read you the Bible. We're gonna read the Bible but one another card to be I even fix your baby Her with the egg just I got your back to the very end my friend.


You don't need offset. You need me. I be everything and more baby. Be your father, be your brother. Be everything you need me to be. Holler me right in that corner be I see some things in your life. I'm a psyche. I see hard times. I see nothing but drama without said but with me I see love in the motherfucking hell. I see us taking trips on your dime. Do you hear me? I ain't bullshitting. You want, you wanna live a better life. Get with me Carter, get with me. What y'all talking about right now man? Damn right. I walk the dog do it all too.


I'm playing with y'all tonight man. If you on this watching this show hit that like button at subscribe button. Let's get these likes up man. Thi tonight. Just watch the good game. Atlanta Falcons gets the figure to Tampa Bay. CCA news Kirk cousin played outta his fucking mind tonight. That's the same way I need Dak Prescott to play against the Pittsburgh Steeler this Sunday night. That's the way I need Dak to play. Same way uncle was talking about. That's my Michelle. I wanna say that's my dad. Need to come out that first quarter and make a statement. We need to come out that first quarter Dallas Cowboys and make a statement against just the Pittsburgh Steelers. I'm talking about March right down the motherfucking field too.


I'm talking about a 92 yard drive. Eight planes. He said I feel better. Yeah, check me out this weekend man. I'm in Dallas till I'm in Dallas right now. October the fourth through the sixth. I'm at the Gerson Improv. Grab 'em tickets right now. I don't know what you waiting on but you should have done grab 'em tickets. Come see your boy. I got the trash merch on deck. Come get you a trash shirt. Come get these laugh 'cause I'm about to give 'em to you not playing with y'all. If you're watching this show right now then you gotta know this show is being presented by Prize picks. That's right. Going download the number one Sports Beson app right now going download you my promo code trash with the two Hs.


You can't lose Baby Real Talk. Yeah it's just Thursday. Go ahead and get them Saturday and Sunday picks in for college football. It's going down baby Best. Believe that this Sunday you can get Derrick Henry for 85 and a half yards, either more or less. You can get Aaron Jones for 65 and 0.5 yards more or less. You can also get trouble Hubbard 62 and a half yards more or less over there on prospects. All you gotta do is put more or less your first first time user. All you gotta do is spend $5. They gonna give you 50. All the mother apps cool. But they ain't pics. That's all I'm saying. If you can't watch the show but you can listen.


Hey go to Apple podcast, type in The Bubba, Dub Show or go to Spotify. Type in The Bubba, Dub Show. Here we is right now. Here he is right now. Bubba's live on the show. He knows what he saw and he's here to tell you hell no People time for you and just not knowing about this show, part of the show. We do the hell no. Seven. Somebody ask me could I be a trainer down that sea world. I'm telling you right now. Hell no. You seen what Mother Killer Whale did. Them people over them Killer whales don't even wanna be there. They irritated. They frustrated and they wanna be with they family in the oceans and they'll do anything they can to get back with they family.


So if you look old people that worked us banging your head and ling and dangling. When? When Clifford pull your ass under and I ain't talking about under plus p when I go under Under. Yeah you going under and you ain't coming up. I couldn't beat no triangle. One of my employee, one of my, one of my coworkers get pulled on the water by Killer Whale and somebody asked me, hey you seen or hell no hell no. I'm not jumping in with they big ass on this shit. I quit shit alright I'm gonna save my life before I save somebody else.


Lie shit I'm not jumping in they water. That's they Habitat water. She ain't no way. And so how many you people and somebody at me because I beat one of them people that go down there in them cages with them shorts. Hell no. I told you only white people do that shit. You ain't never in your life. I beg all the mon in the world. You ain't never seen a nigga ain one of them cages dying in them ocean fucking with them sharks. I beg all the money I got right now. You ain't never seen a nigga do that. You seen white people do it every motherfucking day. It's somebody down there right now motherfucking walk. Guess what they family gonna be getting that bad news in by the three hours ring. Hello? We lost Andy.


God damnit. I knew I had a feeling. I just had a feeling we was going to lose man he he dedicated his whole life down there to them, to them sharks and oh god this shit type of shit happened on Wednesday. Motherfucker get killed on Wednesday. They burn them Thursday. Yeah white people don't give you time to call your motherfucking family in shit. You die Wednesday. You burn Thursday. You can believe that. And I'm right there at your motherfucking repas too eating that unseasoned as spa gigs they be having too. I ain't bullshitting. You say what you want about them white people, they fool might be unseasoned but they got plenty of it so and they gonna mind giving it away either like it's a toy drive here I am 18 to go place to the house.


I already got seasoned at the crib. I'm good. My girl talking about going out to Applebee never left a repas. Shit. You better get your ass over eat the peas and carrots and get food you already can't see eat them motherfucking carrots. Wrong black people now we ain't get out vegetables Look so eat no motherfucking carrots. Cold world out here man. Digi ain't looking for me. Diggy looking for a way home and the way out and the way out is to talk. That's all Diggy got to do is talk. I don't even know what took him so long. Two or three weeks.


Fuck all let Diggy talk man. I know you know a whole lot of shit on people fam don't do it. Yeah you ain't no thug no way you ain't in the streets appreciate that. You ain't in the streets Tyre pre appreciate that you ain't in the streets. You might as well talk. Diddy a civilian, he might as well go and tell whatever he know and and and go on about his life man. What y'all gonna give me your snitch Old. Well that ain't gonna stop Nothing. Appreciate it Marie appreciate it. Self-made. What's up man? We're gin SSON at the SSON improv. SSON improv this weekend. I got five shows two tomorrow, two Saturday, one Sunday. But we almost sold live on him. I told you that last night so we'll probably be adding another show Sunday.


So I'm asking y'all if you ain't never seen me on that stage Mac, I'm telling you I'm a treat. I'm not playing with you. I don't get on this show and get to tell y'all that I'm him. Yeah, you want a show that you gonna be laughing from the beginning to the end. You better come see me right now. I'm a dog. I'm a pull a master. Yeah that gonna change the law game up down here in Texas. You niggas can't put dogs on change no more. You gotta let these dogs wrong. You niggas gotta have A-A-A-A-A real a a yard now they gonna change the game. They gotta have a real yard. I don't understand why they come up with law where your animal should be able, should be at a certain weight. Ain't no way a dog should let no motherfucking crack head dog got here performing tricks just to eat.


Y'all need to stop it. Come here boy. Jump up there. I getting you something. You need to feed that dog from six in the morning already six in the motherfucking evening. Dog ain't got no hair on him. Got to put oil all over the motherfucking dog. Dog got mains and they ain't. And you can't put regular oil on. You gotta get that good oil. That Zo Zo Oil, that Lucas and Oil, that's the kind of oil you got. You Lucas and Oil dog don't even know no dog. I'm a dog will think you a cat all in trees when dogs don't come Trees I me out. You a fucking dog boy. Your name Rufuss. Your name ain't sweeter.


Your name Rufuss. She ladies and gentlemen if you watching this show, I'm telling y'all nothing but the truth for tonight man. I'm not going to lie to y'all. I'm telling y'all the truth. What's going on right now man? People ask me do I believe in aliens. I know we ain't the only ones on this fucking earth. I know it ain't. There's some fucked up shit that's saying Bigfoot down in Oklahoma. Y'all see that shit. They say Bigfoot in Oklahoma. I wanna know what this motherfucker eat. What, what, what, what do Bigfoot eat? What's this? I dying to know. I wanna know that motherfucker.


I wanna know what Bigfoot do if he ever got one of them Chick-fil-A sandwiches or if he ever got one of them Raisin cane, you know three piece you know with with with the toast with with with the sauce. I wanna know what Bigfoot do if he ever got one of them Raisin Cane Sweet Teas or Chick-fil-A remember name. She look at the women on her shoe. Oh shit you living with Big Foot right now. You know what, turn that motherfucker in. Get your money baby. Some of y'all women living with Big Foots talking about I seen Big Foot. I be scared You living with a motherfucker you scared of right now. What you waiting on?


I'm trying to figure out motherfucker down the big foot, big footy Oklahoma. They say they seen him at what's, what's that? What's that casino guy now win Wine Star win Windstar Windstar. They say that same Big Foot and Windstar see him at the Hard Rock up there in Oklahoma. Ain't nothing about the motherfucking Indians. They big foot down there. Windstar playing right now. Aint blackjack up 200,000? Definitely gonna be in Florida soon bro. I'm making my rounds man. I'm making my round am I'm preparing for the Dallas loss.


No I think the Dallas gonna be Pittsburgh this week. That's just what I feel. I just, I just, I just got that feeling. The Cowboys will win this Sunday some way somehow them boys we gonna, boy going to pull it off and then I'm be at my show Sunday when I come out I'm, I wanna see blue and gray all motherfucking day Sunday at my show. I wanna see blue and Gray let us win. I'm coming out on, I lose, you know I'm coming out on one you hear me? I'm coming out. I'm, I'm throwing jerseys everything in the trash can man we trying to get something together right now in LA man we definitely trying to get something together in LA right now man.


I promise you we trying to get something together in LA right now man. It just takes time man. Making my rounds right now. Making my round, making my rounds right now. But how y'all feeling tonight overall? How y'all feeling tomorrow Friday? I know some of y'all gotta work. I know some of y'all jumping off right now. Some of y'all jumping on but for the people that jumping on for the new people we wanna say welcome to The Bubba. Dub Show. We wanna say thank you. This is where you get comedy at. This is where you get to sports talk at. This is where you get to see me go live out there pretty much every game. You know what I'm saying? This is what we do over here. This is my life making y'all laugh man.


Yeah, yeah some people on here they ain't feeling too good tonight but you jumped on here to see your boy. I damnit I appreciate you to my studs out there. I ain't been on y'all in a couple weeks. Dub still love you baby. Don't thank dub don't I love you. It's getting close to winter time. We can go shopping, you know what I'm saying? We can go get the trench coats and and and whatever y'all want the jerseys, you know what I'm saying? Timberland boots. We can do all that. I'm Finn to grow my hair out so studs y'all can start back growing y'all shit. I know y'all got the wave game going right now. Y'all can start growing y'all shit out. We can go to the same barber get the black paint. LeBron be getting round his edge up and shit. Or my partner ca. Hey man we can do this man. We can do it all man. We are family.


That's all I'm saying. We are family. We can get black pain on our head together. Look at my edge up now. That motherfucker ain't right. I got a lawsuit. I right now just my barber. Oh he going all you think you can do get set me up in the chair and put that black paint motherfucker. I ain't seen, hey nigga I'm dumb get me right my whole head stiff they can put all that damn spritz and shit on my head man you straight. Bam. Soon as I go outside and sweat they edge up gone nigga no charge me 150. Talking about it's going last shit can't even one time I was figure getting ready to do a show and I would, I don't know what I was doing.


I would get doing my head like this. I did this man my shit was gone look like George Jefferson shit man Georgia and Alabama was a good game and that guy Ryan Williams is him freshman 17 years old playing both sides of the field. That young man is him. That young man is him. I got to give credit and I got to give it to him man. He doing his thing. But how y'all feel about the Philadelphia 76 ERs this year They got and Big they got pg, they got Maxie, they got my boy Eric Gordon over there. How far do y'all think the Philadelphia 76 ERs are going this year and how far do you think the New York nickel boxers are going this year Digging the coming section And tell me right now.


Yeah I rock with the longhorns too. Fam trying to pull up to a game to be honest. Longhorns, anybody got a Longhorn Connect tell em Dub trying to pull up and and you know what I'm saying? Dub trying to pull up and show some love hooking. Yeah the long way. Yeah you ain't trusting the 76 ERs process. Somebody say nowhere as far as the doctor take 'em. I like that Jerry 'cause and be signed they shoe deal with Skees. I don't, there ain't nobody ever ball in no motherfucking skees Act like somebody trying to ball in some Crocs. It just not gonna work. He already got bad feet and B got the feet of an 8-year-old Camel.


When a camera can't walk he lay down. That's what he do when his feet feeling good balling 50, 60.4 point every night feet start hurting you out then you got Paul Joy love him to death. He stay hurt all the motherfucking time. They gonna need a new physician up there and they gonna need a new team doctor. All them damn injuries them boy be having no ain't give me started on my lake with Ad he played majority of the game last year but they were last year. What he going to do this year, he need to take steroids too if you ask me. Appreciate that DeShaw MAs going back to the ship.


They might, I forgot about 'em yesterday in the west when I was talking about the team, I forgot about them. The Mavericks. They gonna brought in Clay Thompson. Them brought in Clay Thompson. Let's see what he can do. When, when when? When Luca and Kyrie passed the ball out to him because they gonna be getting majority of the attention. Let's see if he can knock out them open shots. I think I know he can. He's look four time winner I think. I think adding Clay gonna be good for the marriage this year. I really do. And the Warriors got buggy hill. That's the same player Clay Thompson is right now at this stage of his career. It's what Buggy Hill is now.


So the Golden State Warriors be okay. Silver back Draymond Green. He gonna have to stay on the court a little bit more. Curry needs you fam. He going to need you getting ejected, getting, you know what I'm saying, getting suspended you know four time champion. You got to play smarter than what you playing. You can't be out here choking motherfuckers. This ain't UFC do. This ain't UFC. You gonna choke the shit out Rudy. Rudy don't even know he rooted no motherfucking mo done choke that man basketball man. But I like Draymond Green. Shout out to Draymond Green though. But I'm just ready to see what my Lakers going do. I'm ready to see what bro going do. I know some of y'all think bro ain't going to do this and that and he probably ain't but I just want see him on the motherfucking court with his daddy.


I wish I could play ball with my daddy. I my daddy been with my whole motherfucking life nigga ain't never played Corey dominoes or nothing with me but holler he love me. I I could go home and slap that nigga how I'm feeling. Daddy ain't never hug me. I could call that nigga right now man. I'm getting emotional man. You got a good relationship with your father man. That's a blessing from God man. Even if your father don't even rock with you man, still love him and keep doing what you're doing. If you got kids getting your kids live and be the best father you can be The kids   Morgan never man legacy. Stop believing y'all kids with everybody. Especially if you got dog or sons man stop believing your kids with everybody they touching our children man.


Your kids trying to tell you what's going on but you so motherfucking blind you ain't listening to the child. Nah they wouldn't do that to you. Stop lying and them. Nah they touching our motherfucking kids. We so busy and called up on the internet and their phones not realizing they got kids are being fondled with man. That's some bullshit man. Stop letting your kids stay with everybody hoe. Stay with your own motherfucking kid. You ain't got to go out to eat every night. You ain't got to go to the club every night. You ain't got to open up your legs every night. Got kids man. Got people look up to you. You can't invite everybody into your house.


Everybody got bad. Everybody ain't got good energy. Some bad energy motherfucking people out here. There's some people that really worship the devil. I am man you think I don't know you, you think I'm finna invite you into my motherfucker home Never meet you out there with that motherfucker ar what I meet you with. They ar it's like that. You damn right it's like that hang, I'm gonna look out for a couple shots. Let you know. Let you know. Y'all lemme know how y'all feeling man. I don't let my kids stay with everybody. You know mama and dad that fo go with them. My kids stay with them staying with other people and all that.


No I got to know who in the household and this and that. Boy. Boy you crazy 'cause don't nobody be up my household. How you keep getting pregnant but you keep saying nobody at your motherfucking house though and you single and you got seven kids. But shit, trust them niggas coming over there. Whoever I don't know 'em my babies at age, they, you know what I'm saying. They nine and six, they vulnerable and some of y'all got children too vulnerable. Stop putting them in situations man. Talk to your kids when you go places. Let your kids know. Hey when you go over there you stick with them. You ain't got no business holding no conversation with no grown people. Unless it's the the mother and the daddy. That's it. Ain't anybody there no motherfucking conversation And when you get over there you better FaceTime me.


I gotta see what's going on over there because I happen to come over there. It's gonna be trouble. Trouble. I ain't trying to hear that. We didn't know I'm, I'm not, I'm not trying to hear none of that. That's the way you gotta be about your children man. You got to be on top of your children. You got to be on top of a cake like ice. A lot of times shit can be presented man. You know what I'm saying? A lot of times shit can be presented going to your strip club. You hold lying to me. I'm feeling you do you get want me to keep going in my pocket giving you money But that ain't the thing 'cause I keep going in my pocket giving you money. Oh you leaving me. I already know you ain't leaving me therefore my money ain't finna keep leaving my motherfucking pocket.


It's an even exchange over him. I go to Atlanta, I go to the strip club. Love it. Atlanta go to the strip club. I don't get how like that. Hey what's up? I gotta bring them to the light, you know what I'm saying? God said let that be light you gotta bring them. So-called women that you gonna know if they women to not up there or not because you gonna know, you know what I'm saying? They may have an Adam apple, you got to bring them to the light and look and see if they a boy or girl. Yeah you gotta do all this shit. You be drunk, you just can't be grabbing something Youa take something back. You got to find out if this motherfucker really, and I don't mind, I take my time. Let's get naked Marcus Houston style, let's get naked.


And they and they start resisting not wanting to get naked. No. Cut the ly out bitch get out, get outta him a ly out. I don't wanna show my body. Bitch you got 50 scars from surgery. That doctor saw it. He was a stranger. I'm too. Lemme see it. Lemme see the good, lemme see the the surgery. This doctor don't perform on your bad build ass bitch got three bodies. Shit. You talking myself man. Say I beat what's up my guy appreciate the love man.


Nah man some, there's some nice women in line bro. Y'all ain't what I'm talking about. You just misunderstood what I'm telling you man. Some nice women in line bro. I'm just saying you gotta be careful man. Anywhere you go you gotta be careful but everything that be looking good don't be good man. That's all I'm saying. And you know all money ain't good money. Believe that. All money ain't good money. So the night before I leave the show, you know we do that trash of the day. My trash of the day going to the Tampa Bay Buccaneer defense trash couldn't stop a nose bleed tonight we let Kirk cousin put up 509 yards on you. Man. Somebody got to go back to the drawing board. Somebody ass, I could be getting chewed out right now.


Ain't no if ands or buts somebody, somebody ass. I could be getting chewed out because the defense y'all played tonight did not work. Did not work. I know Kurt Cousins is a good solid quarterback but he ain't no motherfucking damn Marino and that's who he look like tonight. Yankees better do something. Hell nah. You can't open your legs every weekend man. Not every weekend. Some weekends you can open your motherfucking leg but every weekend you can't. Every time your homegirl wanna run down, nigga Miami, some of you hoes wanna run down there.


Got your mama staying with your ki got your mama keeping your kids, your kids got fever Covid now your mama never finna have Covid. Your mama already immune system already bad but you don't give a damn. You just wanna go down there and have a good time. You just want to get away from the kids. Ain't nobody told you had no motherfucking kid. Ain't nobody told you open your leg. You open your leg because you were hot in the ass. Well since you hot in the ass, you gonna take care of these motherfucking kids. Let your mama and daddy live they life. They raise your bald head. Fuck as go get your baby daddy parents let them keep him some motherfucking time. Where he at? Go grab him. Let him tell him keep his own kids. See the men who really wanna be in their kids lie. Some of you women fuck over mama.


Let him see him put him on unnecessary child support dog might all over in net but the niggas who gonna give a damn about their kid, y'all gonna incur. He don't deal with him. So I don't even worry about it. He gets a bu ass nigga you see. Gotta hold everybody accountable man. That's what's wrong with the world. Nobody wanna be held accountable for their mistakes. If you a father, man, make no mistake about it. Even if you and your baby mama don't get along, do anything you can to get in your kids life. They your kids man. Love your kids man. They didn't ask to be here man.


I'm a real nigga man. I don't hang with nobody Who going to take care of their kids man or don't associate with the kids. I I can't do it man. You can't be around me and your child ain't seen or talked to you and starving and need this and that and you have the money and resources to help this child. You gonna help you. You can't be around me dog. I don't give damn how cool you is. You can cool your ass off over there somewhere else. But not in my camp. We gonna do that in my camp. We real men, we take care of our own. Even if it ain't ours, we gonna take care of it. If, if we in that situation, man, that's what we do. That's what we do. That's what it's about. Being there for one another.


And you know, back in the day our people didn't have no money. All you had was your, your your, you know what I'm saying? Your, your your your word man. And. we need to get back to that sometime people get mad when you gonna let 'em borrow things man. Everybody ain't gotta let you borrow $50 to a hundred dollars man. You know what I'm saying? Even if you know they got, they don't give it to you. So what? Go on about your business. Don't get mad and jump online. Cuss 'em out and dog 'em out. Man. You know it, it ain't, it ain't about that. No y'all, I be wanting money all the time but y'all gonna be doing right with that money. I'm just trying to get a little free little grocery free little gas bitch. You trying to get dope. I know you, you just trying to get some dope fam. I know what's going on. You getting more than a 3.5.


You with 275 pounds man, now you down to one 90 Nigga you on Power Face all sunken in face all ass and shit. You on power the fam you ain't gonna, you know what I'm saying? You ain't gonna know 3.5 shit. Your own mama don't even recognize you no more. Shit. Calling me my baby. My baby got that shit. He ain't got that shit. He on that shit. It's a difference between having this shit and on this shit. He on it heavy and I do mean heavy. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight. Yeah. Thank y'all for tuning in tonight to the Bubble Dub show baby. Make sure you can hit the light button. Make sure you can hit the subscribe button. Yeah, make sure you done already went over there and download it. Prize speaks too. Yeah.


Yeah. Use my promo code with the two Hs. I see y'all again. Saturday night I'm out. The, Volume, Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz to get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This Ad is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal or tax advice.