
When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume. What it do y'all. What it do man. Welcome to the Bubble Dub show. As You know, I have a busy, busy, busy weekend. We're doing comedy shows as well. Going to the fight, seeing Tank Davis and Lamont Rose Fight Man, before I even get tonight's show started, man, go and hit the like button. Go ahead, hit the subscribe button, make sure you keep your notification. Turn on. I know y'all just got through seeing a video that just popped on. I told y'all man to my, to my real fans out there. When I come to a city near you, I will give you the invite to come out and hang with me and my crew and as well as the other comedians that's on tour with me right now.


As you just seen, my homeboys b was able to pull up on me. Man, man, it just feel good man to, to be able to be in a position to bring people out to events like this. Man, y'all, I'm, I'm performing at arenas now to, to be in Brooklyn, man, Barclay Center, man, coming from the bar and grills, the improvs, the funny bones, the the hole in the wall places I used to perform at, man, it's, it's truly a blessing to, to be, to be where I'm at today. And I just wanna thank God or to my fans or to the people who been with me helping me.


I appreciate all y'all, but enough of that shit. Let's get to this Tang Davis and La Monroe fight on Saturday night. I was there in Brooklyn when I tell y'all it was, it was ni then she was in the building. Now I made a video. I I said what? I said I was bullshit. Lemme go back and tell you what the real was. The real was Tank could knock that motherfucker out. I dunno what Lamont Rose was. I don't, but that motherfucker was strong getting that ring.


I dunno if he was wrong. Olds Honey Pack Viagra, see out he was on something. Tank him, he hit Tank Lick for Lick and I tank a bad motherfucker. But LA but Lamont sold me LA Month south of Roach. Sold me some. That motherfucker was up for this fight. And, and let me just go and let me just say this right now, man. I seen Tank throw some hard blows the other night and nothing. But it didn't do a motherfucking thing to Lamar. They whooped no nigga name. Lamar. Think about it.


Jte got into a fight with Lamont. Do it sound like somebody named Geonte and with Lamont? Hell no. But we know what Geonte is and what he's capable of for the first time. Besides that Pit Bull fight did knock his opponent out. He didn't even Daze Lamont wrote that. What surprised me? I don't know what was going on with Tank. The motherfucker thought like he was on like, like, like he was on goddamn zanax to me because it like his mind wasn't there. He was licking his tongue out people. He wasn't really mad at his opponent as he normally be. We all know Tank normally get on Twitter and go ham on their opponent.


He wasn't mad. This his homeboy, this his friend. So it was a little bit different. This fight before them getting in the going, going back and forth. I feel like Tank landed the more powerful punches. But they didn't have a effect on Lamont. Lamont wasn't backing down, they were clenching. I seen some dirty little old tricks Javonte was trying to do, but Lamont wasn't going for it. He was in tip top shape and he had a counter for everything Tank wanted to do. Every punch Tank wanted to throw, Lamont had a motherfucking counter for it. These are facts Jack. Now Lamont Roach might not whoop nobody else but that motherfucker gave Tank what he wanted.


How you get hit in your motherfucking eye, take a knee and go to your corner and and and and try to change your Netflix password. That's what Tank Davis did come out. He got Blue Magic and greasing your eye. Nigga, stop that damn glove was in your eye. That's what was in your eye. Do didn't nothing stink it. Do think God damn Roach could get in there and and handle them blows you were giving them but God damnit Roach was taking them and giving them too. Roach was giving them, I'm in the crowd like a motherfucker. I can't believe what I'm singing. I'm like shit, I know Tank gonna knock this motherfucker out And by seven, eight night round he going down.


It never happened. And sometime you gonna go through adversity in your life and for the first time T couldn't hurt this man. He couldn't, he couldn't drop this man. He couldn't bully this man. He was in a motherfucking fight for his life. Now I don't think this the best fight tank ever fought. I don't, I think this the best fight LA must Rose fought 'cause he was up for it. He trained for it. This is everything he asked for. This is his biggest payday. So he came out, he did his motherfucking job. Me personally, I don't think Tank trained for this fight. I don't think his mind was here for his fight but the end of the day you can't cheat the game. I feel like Tank tried to cheat the game because he wasn't all the way locked in like you should be in a boxing match.


It ain't no different when you get one of these motherfucker hold them 250, 53 oh mother, it's time to do what it do. Then you go in there and calm quick. Never you can go kick the phone quick all you want but you ain't getting your money back. You gonna go in there, joke around for a little bit then catch him and then it's over. It didn't happen like that. That's why the fight ended in a draw. Now everybody crying about tank taking the knee. Yes it sugar been considered a knock down because you can't take a knee. But I don't think that punch made him do that. They wasn't even a hard punch so I could see where the ref was coming from. Like man come on y'all really? But rules are the rules and I get it. Some of y'all had to fight seven five Roach.


Me personally I had it six six. I had it in a draw. I don't think Tank a champion, you gotta knock the motherfucking champ out to win it. If it's close it either gonna go with Tank or a draw. So I don't see why y'all mad about this. He didn't do north that. Look on what y'all calling a knock down. That wasn't, that wasn't about shit. It happened. It sugar bin a ten eight round. I get it. But y'all act like he just beat tank up man Tank look like he just left a goddamn barbershop. Normally that yellow motherfucker face peripheral and red. It wasn't none of let this fight. Tell me I'm lying.


Wasn't nothing wrong with Tank face. Nigga went to the strip club after that. That's all I'm saying. You can save Lamar run cool. But he didn't do enough to take it from, y'all know how boxing is. Y'all know the politics of this shit Tank is a cash cow. If you gonna flag out here that motherfucker dead like this. Like one of them cats done got ran over. If they ain't, if you ain't stressed out like that and the fight close, it's either going to Tank or it's gonna be a draw. You gotta beat the champ convincingly man. So the people who saying Tank, I mean Tank loss. I ain't, you ain't getting no argument from me.


I'm just telling you that that's just the way it is. But I'm not taking nothing from the months Sanford Roach. I'm not doing it. Show me something too. I want see and You know now the real coming out like I say they were homeboy, they friends this and that. Now Tank feel like everybody against them all you lost So you gotta give 'em a remand now Tank talking I tank talking shit. But you wasn't talking this shit before the fight. That's all I'm saying. I going to see the crazy Baltimore Armon tank. That's who I want to see. I wanna see the hoodie Warren Yellow motherfucker. Chrome Gene Warren jumping out the motherfucker truck ready to fight women Mother niggas. That's the tank I want to see.


Yeah I see the interview with me and Tank. He was calm, collected like he was on saying act. Nah nah I ain't saying he take them. I'm just talking in general. I'm just saying how he, how how he acted. I take the motherfucking time to time and they have me act the same kind motherfucking way. Normally I'm I'm, You know what I'm saying but when I'm on the motherfucker I'm the same way Tank. I'm smiling and going on the man hit you in your motherfucking eye. You got blue magic grease in your eye fa and you smiling Ain't you smiling about grease in your eye nigga go get some shots. But it wasn't no god damn grease. It was that love of glory. We all got people we feel like we can whoop. Y'all know that's one thing a bully do a bully go out here and jump on people that he could think he can whoop Tank thought it was gonna be easy to be be this homeboy but it wasn't it easy.


Your homeboy starving. He a starving motherfucking wolf. That's what mu la Muro here a starving wolf. And if your finger starving wolf, the motherfuckers gonna start growing. Ain. Well he was growing in that corner every round. Can't cheat the game. Can't have one foot in one foot. Got all my brother Tank been talking about it. Retiring, retiring, retire. Well god damnit shit like this goddammit it'll slow you. You got to be laser focused in that boxing ring. Got to be focused. You got to be understanding what's going on in your pony. Ain't no different from these niggas than beat me up before.


See you got to knock me out. See if you beat me up and you ain't knocking me out. I got time to dial 9 1 1 during the fight. But if I'm knocked out I'm out. If you get hit on me and all that, I'm running my hands through my pocket dial 9 1 1. I'm not trying to get you up on me at all. You a bad motherfucker. You wanna keep hitting me. Well keep hitting me when the boys and getting him. Everybody bagging to the police shit there. That's why I don't understand about folk. Everybody man talking shit fighting. I'm gangster, I'm this and that. But when them red and white blue pull them niggas quiet Now go get quiet now nigga talk Put your hands on me now.


Here I am over in front of the police taking pictures, showing my bruises like I'm one of them holes. Look at my neck. It got me there too. Look got me everywhere. That's me. I'm showing, I'm giving them all the air for against Ain't no goddamn bond. You ain't getting no ball for two weeks. All I'm saying is man we're given opportunities in this world Tank. It's one of the greatest boxes in the world. And for the first time y'all, one of the first time he face controversy in that ring. Man you understand. Everything ain't gonna always be sugar man in life Sometime it's gonna be some shit and you got to know how to deal with it. Some people can't tell the difference between salt sugar but we know Salt Sugar is is a different taste.


Thero sound for Soul Tank. You ain't gonna be way be to knock everybody out. You going have to start boxing nigga. You going to have to start countering nigga. And that's what I think Tank didn't do this fight. He wasn't good at countering LA and what La Mu was trying to do for the most of the fight. Lamar kind had tank on the back foot. Nothing good happens when you fight on the back foot. That's all I'm saying. Is Tank still on the greatest boxes in the world? You got them right heels Now if I feel like if they do this rematch me personally I feel like T going what the Monroe sound for as that's just me.


I feel like he got something to prove now. Like me got beat up, it was a basketball tournament everybody was at and I knew a boy who beat me up was gonna be at that tournament. So everybody tell me I know you ain't going, you scared I showed up give a damn guy. He beat me up other week. I'm showing up to get box. I'm showing him to his basketball tournament. I was down with the police. Oh I had 17 chaperones in that motherfucker. I wanted him to see me when I walked through the gymnasium. I'm here locked eyes with him. I'm gonna kill them when I got them boys in blue with me.


Have 'em all on the payroll. You ever think dub by itself you are a damn lot. I got five licensed police with me. Ready? Put your hands on me. I'm here. So I feel like if they had his rematch, I feel like T going to get him. I feel got, it's gonna be one of the biggest fights of the year if they do his rematch and that's all those boxing fans bro. We wanna see great motherfucking fights. We also wanna see tank versus secure. We wanna see Ryan Garcia verse roll David we wanna see y'all in the big fight. Earl Smith Happy birthday.


God he he going to fight over retired Niel. What one we miss his fence. I don't give a damn about that ass whooping you took from Crawford Nigga I took ass Whoopers too. Shake that shit off like a dog got free. Shake it off jab back in the ring where you belong. Champ. I still believe in your dog. I still believe in you man. But do you believe in yourself? That's the thing with some of us we point the finger at each and everybody in our life. Why we ain't this, why we doing that and can't do this and that. But do you believe in you?


I know I believe in me. Do you believe in you? 'cause if you do you can go a alone mother in ways in this world if you believe in you, but you gotta be honest and real with yourself and I'm doing everything I possibly can to get to the next level. I think Lamont Roach can look in that mirror and say yes, I'm proudly Lamont Roach. What you did, what you showed what you displayed your value went up. I love it man. Two brothers in the ring doing what they love man. It's a beautiful thing man.


Both of them brothers won. I know y'all say well we lost money. Cool. Everybody tell you niggas to bet. No way. I told you to bet on prize picks. That's what you need to be betting on. We can get to that in a minute but that's what you need to be betting on bitch. But man was beautiful seeing them brother doing that thing. Shout out to Gary Russell. He beat Royo. You know the same royo who who beat up on pit bull. Little Midget as Royo got his ass punished by Gary Russell. And I loved every beat over that nigga. That motherfucker damn Russell was getting in there. I know y'all looking at me. Damn Doug and bobbing weed. This just, he's just on this camera. I ain't got July shoot.


Just tell you, shout out to Gary Russell. We is able to do shout out to PBC for the whole weekend that they put together up there in Brooklyn. Man it was, it was great man. Appreciate the seats man. It it is love man. Watching everybody come out and watching the, the athletes put on a show and in front of us and at the end of the day we, we going to break it down. We gonna complain about this and that, but let's just enjoy the fact that t gave a young man a chance to get more money than he ever got in his life. Let's enjoy the fact that we had money to go to the fight and get dressed up and and and and come fly and bring your girl if you had one or not or whatever it was. Just thank God for the ability to be able to do that.


A lot of people who couldn't go to the fight, a lot of people didn't all the fight. A lot of people just going through some sitting life in general. Let's stop complaining all the time and just be thankful for, for the things that we do have man


During tax season your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll, your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


The more you listen to your kids, the closer you'll be. Find resources to help you support your kids and their emotional wellbeing at sound it Out together. Dot org that's sounded out together. Dot org Brought to you by the ad council and Pivotal


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


That's all I'm saying. How y'all doing tonight Chad? How y'all, how y'all doing in the chat? How y'all feeling this Monday? I'm just not getting back home like I told you big on the road. I'm on this Rega Warrens tour man. I'm in the zone right now. I'm feeling good man. Everything's coming together like you're supposed to be coming together and You know like I've been telling y'all we going, we gonna talk about these motherfucking legals. Stay in a second spot right now. Y'all, y'all didn't wanna listen to me when I told y'all y'all done gave bro this goddamn 25-year-old yo ass white boy. Yeah he's fucking in trouble now. Before this trade Luca Dungeon was Finn be on my 600 pound life but no guy had other things planned for local.


You coming to LA and get on this Dick Gregory Die and Lu Dungeon is on the Dick Gregory diet. Huh? Now look at what they doing. The one six in a row. 19 games. They eight and two bro. 40 years old playing bad, bad, bad. I thought he would drink. I thought Bru would drink the way he playing his back badge. Big Dipper. I'm a big simple clippers les and tie back.


Talk about these bad ass ankle that y'all said they wasn't gonna be. It wasn't gonna work. You lied. You said you were gonna talk shit to your fault man today you lie. You say you gonna money, you owe you lie. Say you were getting that car pan and putting Rems on and putting the system in. You lie stop all the damn blind. That's one thing niggas do good lie put on a show crying nigga. That's what we do now you just said the Lakers didn't have a chance.


Prone too old. Luke will cry too much. They ain't got no point guard. They ain't got no big man. They ain't got this, they ain't got that. But nigga they got some, they got some. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about y'all real motherfucking why. Why do I think the Lakers got can win it all? No they going to have to go out like I keep saying and grab Jve McGee or another big man over there to solidify what they got going on. But like I've been trying to tell y'all you can't double bros be on the block. You can't double local. You double one of em.


You boys getting open shot. JJ Red running that Duke outfit. Mike Zeki used to run. Well God damnit if you open show JJ getting out. I'm a sold motherfucking proud of JJ Red and I don't know if you married my brother, I don't know if you have a girlfriend. Quite frankly I don't give a damn but I'm finna send you one in Texas hoes up there that owe double a little money and God damnit they gonna do something for you. They gonna do something for you. Hey I need you to go to LA for what? Don't you question me. Don't you owe me? Yeah I need you to go to LA need you to handle your motherfucking beans now you see that Christmas tree in your high?


Yeah I told you don't take it down didn't it? Yo that motherfucker finna be filled to the state. I need you to go to LA and goddamnit gig off with JJ ready for me. And when you get done go down there and holler at Bru. Don't there and get a dope son too local. Don't you worry about it. You can't handle no motherfucking sister. Them sister too strong for you. They'll take you for everything. You know I got something coming down now I got a senior Eut for you. Come here. I got a senior Aretha for you local. Don't you worry about them because I know what you like. You like you like that drink.


Damn y'all for senior Eut like they drink come them Corona drinking. Oh done Julio drinking assholes. We getting out. See I'm a generous man. I can't tell you I help I I give your to I my bad. Look I I I just wanna see you burn more calories. That's a whole Lakes number two in the west. Nobody saw this shit coming but me, I knew it was coming because we was already billed before Luca got there. We were getting off of ad and I hate, I hate we ain't got ad but Godda we were getting off of him now we gonna brought Luca in another score, another score.


Now y'all can see LeBron James him throwing the ball head court like Tom Brady and ran Mouse like Tom Brady and ran Mouse Luca and LeBron 40 years old. You know at the end of the games where Michael Jordan were playing that black ass Jaguar eyes having that nigga had ice on his knees. I ain't never seen LeBron Jane with ice on his knee. This nigga Alien and MJ the ain't gonna argue that. I'm telling you at the end of the games they in the come veins having that nigga had ice on his knee. We ain't never seen LeBron at the end of the game with ice on his knee.


We ain't never saw it and this nigga ain't one of they stop it. We gotta put some respect on LeBron name. We gotta stop living in the past and start living for now. Let's keep it 100. I make a comment on my Facebook page today posted a picture of me and my brother Desi Banks and I said New Kings of comedy. I didn't say nothing about original Kings of comedy. We all know the men that was on that comedy tour and the goats.


We know Bernie Mac a goat. We know that. Wish I could meet Bernie one of them ones but we just so far man come on man y'all could never be like that. We ain't trying to be like I'm the one that was on that motherfucking thing was him. What Bernie, that was it. DL love him. Nadel. He ain't like that Cedric he ain't like that Stay ing he ain't like that. Look I'm Y'all ain't got no confidence in y'all self. That's why y'all don't have no women or no ho. You gotta squeak it into existence nigga.


I whisper burning back. I wish he could watch a me get on that stage and rip Number one go on. Nothing that burning the rest of them. Three come here. I'm on they ass like back pockets. That's all I'm saying. Y'all ain't got no confidence and their shows shows in your handshakes. Shows in the way you talk, the way you walk. I'm tell you some real shit about Confident. If you gonna think Antonio Brown don't think he was begging than Jerry Rice, you a motherfucking lie.


Antonio Brown would've stayed healthy and stayed focused till he would've broke Rice Rucks love Jerry Ross to go but he didn't have the motherfucking ability skill AB had. What you mean? Duh did you see Jerry Robert 20 parts hang on now. AB fives eight on a good day but he y'all man like he six don't let that man, don't let that man crazy behavior fool you from wearing Tony O Brown. Really was. He was him.


These are facts. These ain't opinions. These are facts. Y'all talk about Mouse and all the Calvin and Johnson motherfucker talk about a B Rob running phenomenal, no hands phenomenal. And it wasn't even that big. It wasn't even that before that motherfucker. Right there was a game. Yeah you gotta have confidence man. You gotta, you gotta feel like you him Scotty Pepper, you got that confidence now since the game over. But when you was with MJ you can have that same confidence.


You bow down, don't bow down nigga. That's how future came in because you worried about the pass. You understand what I'm saying? You big no ppi, you worried about the past and then see virtue, you understand what I'm telling you. Same attitude you got now just mj. You should have had it in when your playing with you should have busted up into them dodge game and card game and say gag what eyes happen as nigga let's talk. But you didn't do it. You didn't do it. It shouldn't be no resentment towards nobody in life. You should tell people how they feel. Some people won't come to you.


You'll go to other people and talk about you. Well that showed me coward. If you got a problem with anybody in this world, you should be able to go to them. Not nobody else, people. That's what you should have done. Sometimes us as men, we handle things the wrong way and that's okay. We human beings, we make mistakes. But that's how you bounce back from it. It's how you move forward. Seeing a lot of young men out here throwing their lives away behind drugs and and and women and money, it ain't worth their money. Niggas get mad and emotional temper's flaring. He wanna go on and run and grab a gun. No nickel gra Jesus put the weapons down man.


So many senseless murders going on right now and just finding out it was a murder in Fort Worth, Texas today. A rapper Lil hood of Fame running man. RIP don't know the situation. Not none of my business just won't say RIP. I'm going up and down my timelines timeline. I'm seeing a whole bunch of RIP posts said that man Dogg got killed. Two or 5-year-old dog, she got murdered. I I thought kids and old women and women was off limits when the kids five years old. Man I can't really find the words tonight for that bro. That's man everything we worked for everything We talk about everything Malcolm and Martin fought for and and other people who gonna never get the recognition they was fighting for us.


And this is what we do. We kill one another, we harm one another. We can't sit down and talk it out. We'd rather chalk it out. We'd rather spend our lives behind bars. I really don't understand no more y'all it. I just, I guess it's never for me to understand and it's all about how I treat my brothers and my sisters. When I, when I, when, when, when, when, when things get like that man. I never wish harm on anybody. I never leave his house thinking about harming somebody. I just ain't the way I think I guess everybody think differently man. We got to do better man. And and that's just facts. That's just simple facts. I just want to take the time to talk about that.


If you're watching this show then you gotta know it's being presented by prospects. Man scan that barcode right there at the right man. Put my promo code in trash with two hs. I'm telling you right now. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wanna make some real money man, go download prize pick right now. I know y'all been seeing my commercial know you've been singing it working. I'm working the damage you need to be working too. Yeah, you only bet more or less on your favorite player. That's it. Your favorite player. You bet. More or less you put $5 in, you going to get 50. If you need help doing it, hit me on my arm. IG bubble dub 94. I walk you through the steps. Know how to do this. You ain't alone. Ain't nobody alone. That's rocking with me. You are never alone. I'm always with you. And if I can help you I will.


And if you can't watch this show and you only can listen to it, go to Apple Podcast. Go to Spotify, download The Bubba Dub Show. Tap in, listen to it. Share it to your free. Share it to everybody know. Let 'em know there's not a show in the world like The Bubba Dub Show. He going to give you sports. He gonna give you comedy also gonna give you the real they ends and the outs and what's going on right now and what's going on right now. People are broke. Just the motherfucking truth. People are broke right now. They desperate, they willing to do anything they can that money. So if you getting any kinda money, I don't care if it's a hundred, $200, put that shit up because it's still gonna get real ugly.


I him this weekend you can catch me in Detroit at the little Caesar ring in Detroit. We the Warrens tour. Yeah, me, Mike ILPs. Corey Holcomb. Hi. Hi Davis Carlos Miller Mojo Brooks. Tony Roberts and Lil Val Man and Country Wayne you can catch us in Detroit. Yeah. Friday at the Lil Caesar Arena Saturday. You can catch me in green. You know. Hi yo Akron, Virginia three Soul this weekend. Man when I tell you that man up above make everything happen. You will man. You gotta want it. You gotta, you gotta have it all the way down in your bones and in your spirit baby. Yeah, I could be at the house but God got me out working.


I'm thankful. I remember when the phone wasn't ringing but the phone ringing now I remember when there wasn't no money in the motherfucking. Appreciate that Roan appreciate it. Appreciate it. He knows what he saw and he's here Now. We gonna now part of the show what we do that hell now set me now. Do what You rather see Tank Davis and and Shakur fight right now or rather than Tank in the rematch with Lamont Roach or do I wanna see Tank and and Shakur fight this next fight? Hell no. I want a C on rematch with Lamont Sanford Roach.


They owe us that. They owe us another motherfucker. I mean whatever the shit in Africa the Muhammad Ali had God damnit the thrill in Man I won't see rematch between you two men then I won't see Tank and Sha Cook then. God damn I won. See Tank and hanging, hanging Where at time to get back in the ring. I still believe in you. I'm gonna talk shit. That's just me. I still believe in you brother. Because I talk shit about you. Don't mean I don't play talk shit about my own self. I talk shit about my aunts brother. I talk shit about anybody.


Don't mean I don't love you. Your parents used to whoop your ass as a kid too. That what they tell you. This gonna hurt me more than it's gonna hurt you. But I love you enough to whoop your ass. That's the only thing I'm doing. I'm whooping your ass when you, You know that's me. I'm gonna whoop your ass. I ain't gonna kill you. I ain't going stone you. I'm gonna whoop your ass when you're missing. Fuck. I'm not arguing nobody. Who Sayt lost the fight. I'm not arguing with you. God damnit. That's why they got a ring match in this Timet. Don't you get no grease in your motherfucking hell   I don't wanna hear that shit Jenny.


Now and let your hands to Roach fought the fight. Nobody expected him to fight. Oh great. He was poised. He gave everything he had and then the results he got. I just can't personally just say Tank gave it everything he had. I can't, I can't personally say it 'cause I didn't watch Tank Server fights and he ain't never fought how he fought the other night and he owe it to his fans for a rematch. And I think he, I think he, I think he'll do that. I honestly think he'll go back and in the rematch and this time I think he, I think he going to give us the fight that we know he could do.


I really do. That's just the way I feel. I could be wrong maybe, maybe Roach got his number but God dammit. Let's see. Ain't no difference between me getting my ass whoop and my baby mama nigga told me don't come over this house no more or he was gonna do it to me again. Well came back with the laws just all about how you come back. It ain't how you start. It's how you end baby. Do you hear me? It ain't how you start. It's how you, I want to thank y'all personally for tuning in tonight's show on The Bubba Dub Show.


Jump in the chat, jump on IG bubble dub 94, come holler at me. Whatever you want to talk to me about. Get at me. But make sure y'all shirt is content shirt out there to the world. Let the people know I speak for the real. I represent the people man. I always will. And I always have. Keep it 100 with my folks. I promise you that. Peace and love God blessing them out The Volume. This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. Because when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are.


There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on.


Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


podcasts. John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Snakes, zombies, public speaking. The list of fears is endless, but the real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. Distracted driving is what's really scary and even deadly. Eyes forward. Don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad Council.