
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. Turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


I'm partnering with PayPal this Black Friday. Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card? Earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal terms And limit supply C terms at paypal.com/rewards pal. This card is issued by the bank or bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard Internationally Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Black Friday football on Prime is back. This week the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day stream for free. Only on Prime Black Friday football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pre-game at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon com slash Black Friday football for details.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


The Volume. Welcome to The Bubba. Dub. Show man. I'm your host Bubba Do man. I'm y'all see I'm screaming over him. Just got through. Rocking the Colorado Buffaloes pla of Kansas Jayhawks Man. Hit the like button today. Saturday eating. Hit the like button man. If you on my live right now you sick of hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. My first time subscriber. First time people just tuning into the show. Welcome because I got a whole lot on my chest right now that I got to get off.


Did y'all see what I just, I saw on We Made Made it. That's how they played it today. They played like we made it. Well Damnit you ain't made it yet. Played like a team today. Like shit We don won eight games, we good. No you ain't them damn Kansas City Jay wasn't bullshitting. Y'all went down there and got full of that gate barbecue then got lazy. That's what it was. Y'all went down there and got something that a gates barbecue and got lazy for the game.


Are we gonna win? You can't keep coming out 10 zero to these damn teams. Four games this year. Y'all done been down double, double figures in the first half, first quarter at that. That ain't good football. That ain't good. God dang football. I don't give a damn what you saying. I know y'all got some superstars on my team. Huh? I get it. But today they showed you today motherfucker when you coming to him you better be prepared in your what? First qua and they drove it down your motherfucking unk Pete Diggy style. And we all know Diggy will make you take that, take that, take that.


That's what Colorado was doing. That's what Colorado was doing to y'all. Devin the real deal Neil. Oh yeah I ain't before the game but Devin, the real deal, Neil 37 carried 207 yards, ran the ball all over. Y'all couldn't stop him. And this been a pretty good damn Colorado defense the last four, five weeks stopping the run, getting sacks. Couldn't do that today for whatever reason they couldn't get out the guy and feel Kansas had to ball 40 minutes, 11 seconds.


Damn Dub ain't but 60 in the game. That's what I'm saying. Wasn't no timeout wasn't no damn. I don't know what, what, what went on on the defensive side ball. They I don't know but they got to get that shit together. One self dip as you better have a motherfucker watching film soon as they get out the shower they need to be watching film. Hey son, you gotta hit the A gap. You gotta hit the B gap. That's your gap. Y'all ain't hitting y'all gaps. You ain't hitting your gaps. It simple. One on one me against you. I got beat you. I got to have it. Y'all ain't playing with they hunger this game.


They let me know you were full of barbecue and baked beans. That's what it was today. That's what it was. Y'all motherfucker full of barbecue and baked beans, potato salad, light bread, maybe two or three slices with a sweet tea, water, whatever you prefer but you play like you were full of something full of shit to be perhaps but I'm just saying that ain't the Colorado team. I know, I know Coach Prime in that locker room right now. Letting y'all boys have it. I know who he's, I done bigger than when y'all done lost. I done bigger than when he gig on y'all ass. I know he on y'all asses because you're better than that.


Now I got to listen to poor Chop Nick, Jason on fat lock all week. I gotta listen to him all mother weak but odu played good. 23 29, 266 passenger three touchdown. But let me be real. I can't be one way and another way. Lemme tell you something Shada, you are holding that ball too motherfucking home. But you gotta treat that, you gotta treat that ball like you selling rocks And I know you ain't never done nothing that you, you ain't know nothing about that life. But when you selling rocks you got to gig up off of it. Oh yeah you can't sell it. You gotta gig up off of it.


You back there in the pocket running around. He ain't go. He ain't go. Man throw the ball away fa ain't nobody open. Throw the ball away. Let's move on to the next play. You back there dancing around in motherfucking circles and going on. Well no we ain't doing, we throwing the ball away getting to the next play. That's how you can almost get hurt. And I know y'all seen that linebacker go down through there on that dirty hit on Shado tries to take his legs out. Come on as a team. Y'all should been whooping that boy ass. The whole offensive line should been jumping on little boy when he hit you like that. That's what a real team do. We gonna fight together. We win together.


We fight together. We brothers sugar bigger penalty. I ain't, I ain't get saying that 'cause Colorado, my team but the ribs, y'all were bullshit. And that happens and that happens. But you gotta be able to overcome certain things in your life. Some of y'all were born, mama was a crack head. Daddy was a crack head but it didn't stop you. You in college, you doing good for yourself. You got a family sometimes we ain't born into the best situations. We not but don't let that stop you or hinder you from being what you can be and being how you can be. Don't never do that. That's all I'm saying y'all sugar, the defense could have played begar than what they played today.


That's all I'm saying. Old B can Jay dang 14 for 21. A hundred, 189 yard. I didn't even know who these boys were to be honest. But they showed me something third, third week in a row they gonna be the right team because obviously Kansas is somebody. I said they wouldn't but obviously they are. They're playing good damn ball right now. Yeah, yeah. Chicago. I'm gonna need y'all look in the mirror. Damn right. I'm gonna get you to look in the mirror, look at yourself and say hey did I give it all I got. No you didn't as a team. And I've been telling y'all this when, when Colorado have over a hundred yard rushing they undefeated. Well they had 42 motherfucking rushing yards.


Rushing yards. Not gonna win. Not gonna win too many ballgame. Shepherd the ball hit you right in your motherfucking hand face. You can't he Come on dog. The spotlight is on you bro. The lights is bright. Lot of people be praying to giving them bright lights. Prime example Bud Crawford. Bug Crawford was a champion. He was whooping everybody but nobody wouldn't give him a chance. He wasn't getting that type of money he wanted. He wanted to be in the biggest life. Nobody gave bug a chance. Nobody would give him that fight. But Earl Earl said you know what, I ain't got to give you that fight Crawford, but damn it, I'm gonna give it to you.


You won't give it to big boy Damnit, let's get to it. Put Crawford in the big lights. Crawford took advantage of the situation. That's what you gotta do. Simple set. Sanders hung but Jontay Wester getting them getting all the spotlight because they deserve it. It was your chance to step up. Yo. You could have caught that motherfucking ball fam. That's One thing I hate as a receiver when they hit because you can't catch all little I get but you in the end zone. That's six my nigga. That's six. You gonna sold my parlay in every motherfucking thing. Oh yeah. All a sudden motherfucker.


You you dropped it quarterback. Put his hand at that boy. Pull that ball in you God damnit. Put it to your body. You got steal outta him. Pull it in. No no way. Y'all supposed to lose 37 or 21 to a Jayhawks. It's freak barbecue for everybody in Kansas right now. How y'all feel about the game? Because we could stop the run. I mean if they lemme take break. Lemme take break this game down to y'all man. Real talk.


Kansas was nine for 14 on third down. You what? I just told you. Nine for 14 on third down. That means they motherfuckers converting and converting and converting. What I'm gonna send yourself. You need your motherfucker in real. You too motherfucking big boy. Move your feet son. Move your feet. Boy you better than that eight and three. I ain't gonna get down y'all like that because everybody, I get it. We lose. You win something you lose son.


But it's how you lose them baby. Y'all came out like y'all didn't wanna play. You came out like you were full siblings that can't sit. Put it on your ass. I agree. You supposed you gotta win the game you supposed to win man. Do do you think Dion should coach your cowboy next season? No, I think Coach should get, I say I want him to go to the Cowboys but he got a great thing going over there in Rago right now. Stay where you at. Let somebody else come in. Draft your door after that. Whoever draft him if can coach whoever girl they gonna work out then I can see him leaving.


But Coach Bryan gotta be in Rago at least one more year. Got a beautiful thing going over in in Rago right now. And what, what he's doing over there man you know he could you know eventually run the tables like Nick Saban did. So let's just see. I know I was quick to throw that out there Dion to the Cowboys seems great. Fairytale move but man Cowboy need more coach Prime Dog. Like let's just be real. We need Coach Prime God Bob Hayes again Troy Eggman. We need all kinds of shit in Dallas right now. This ain't even about Dallas. I don't wanna talk about no damn dollar right now. I don't wanna talk about no damn dollar right now. Hell over Dallas sick of them Nigga.


I, there's so much shit going on in the world. Kendrick Lamar, Kendrick Lamar put an album out. I know y'all heard that new Kendrick Lamore album, he can pull a new album out. He can set a cup ball by Wayne. You know what I'm saying? That he used to listen to Wayne and all of a sudden that his success trying to let Lil Wayne I get it Kendrick. Hey man I get it. You deserve everything you got coming your way fam. You you do Wayne. I don't know if you listened to it or you just going out what the fans say. The man didn't dish you, he didn't dish you at all. But let me get that. Yeah I wouldn't be mad if them two start doing don't start rapping against one. I'm just saying I wanna hear a little Tun. I I God damnit I wanna hear a little tun lately.


That's been somebody else. I I dunno but Damnit I wanna see Lil Tunchy and and Kendrick do some ball. That's all I I see some verbal go at it because I know it ain't going to lead to nothing else. That's why I say I want 'em to rap. Ain't these rappers ain't like that man. Them boys ain't really like that man. Y'all don't understand why y'all be bullshitting. A rappers nigga come up with a football league play flag football league and let 'em go out. Go out there nigga get mad. Pull a flag. Boys ain't really like that. Oh you think your favorite rapper gangster like no he not your favorite rapper. Really A good nigga grew up in the church.


I ain't bullshitting you your favorite rapper grew up in the church. Yeah Snotty. No to piss the and everything. I ain't that rap A nigga ain't out there putting in work by they cell. They holler people and they don't need to be doing that 'cause you see where that shit gets you nowhere. So I wanna see Kendrick and and l Wayne go at it on some bars but that's far as I wanted to go and 'cause hip hop needed it right now. Drake and Kendrick did it. Kendrick won whatever whoever. Whoever won whoever it was good for rap. I wanna see Lil Wayne come back right now for a minute though because regardless of what we say or think Ken DeMar performed at Super Bowl.


That's it Me perform. That's it. It's gonna be red shirt everywhere. You don't think Compton coming down nigga New Orleans ain't shit I hold up coming. Even the ghost of Suge ain't going be there. Y'all forgetting Su better. Oh Suge. Suge started death. Y'all keep forgetting nigga. Su oh motherfucker put some respect on Suge name.


Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey It's Lunchbox from Soar Losers here to tell you about the legacy of excellence Toyota has been building for generations. From pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars including the high performance 2025 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience a legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals To, find out more. Toyota let's go places.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. Check out bows.com


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing, an obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and ventures Pods where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're a museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Yeah everybody talk about Master P? Yes. Great. CO Birdman Gray Seal. Yeah I get it. This and that but Damnit don't I like God damn Suge Knight didn't have one of the greatest rosters ever. He might have messed it off and lost it but he had a squad d Snoop Dogg pound pop. Shit my damn sugar had going on. Dre came through with the shut shit down. Then he came back with Snoop. Come on. Who? Get skinny ass nigga with long hair looking like a do jamming then came through what?


The jam. Oh didn't stop. They go get outta jail jam. Damn did was shook. Diddy had to to had to. Had to get in the lab of Biggie. Came out with Biggie, biggie, biggie. Can't you see sometimes your word gets hyp me and I love hey that come from what he was doing over on the west coast. Push a goddamn perspective on Suge Knight. Now he might be in that cell right now. Jacking off.


Hey whatever he doing we gotta pay homage to Suge Knight at the end of the day. He brought us some of the greatest rappers ever. Yo, I'm gonna get at to Snoop. So Kendrick l Wayne, Kendrick l Wayne. Y'all do what y'all do. I'm here to listen. I don't really give a damn who win the battle. Don't give a damn hiphop. Just need it. That's all I'm saying. Hiphop need that shit and I'm all for it. You should be all for it. Ain't nothing else going on out here. Ain't gonna mother thing is going on out here but bullshit. People still crying. You white folks. They going down there to Africa playing with them snakes and getting killed. Stop playing with them argenx.


The reason why God got the amalgams where they at. Why do y'all fly 1824 hours away to go out in the wild and get bit by some shit? Just, just like the other day man. Me and my partner and them, we leaving the basketball game. We going to our vehicles. My homeboy in the parking lot. Getting into it with somebody I don't know. Well when I, when when I peeked the situation, I seen old boy put them motherfucker hit my homeboy who hit not popped up on my homeboy head. I knew in that wasn't nobody that I need to get in and fuck with either.


So I didn't, you know what I did dial 9 1 1. That's the best thing I could do for my partner 'cause he needed them motherfuckers quickly. Nine one. Need your mercy. I need a paramedic over her. Quick, quick. You think I'm gonna run in break this shit up and you got on your way at me. I'm gonna get nice too. We gonna be the not brothers. I think not I think not. Somebody gotta be gotta be logical. If he doing that to you, what you think he'll do with me? And I know I can't fight and I know you can fight but he making you look like you can't fight shit I'm not. Mm my girl talk.


Just get in the car. Don't let me say it no damn mo either. My girl know when I raise my tone like that shit. Hey ain't no more back. Back talking me it's this is, it's something going on. Get in the car and lock the door. I One thing. I hear a whole heck of that woman bitch because I say shut up, shut her up. Don't you see him fucking my off. I know but why you didn't get why What? Why say it again. Say it again.


As if I ain't just dial 9 1 1 as if I ain't just wasting my breath talking to these people. They asking me a thousand questions. God damnit I didn't gave you your address. Get your As. Where's your friend? He on rolling on the goddamn ground. He alive. He rolling around. I I seen him getting up. He stagger slipping and shit. He ain't shit. Nigga got a concussion. He got a concussion. Oh boy it rang off. I took his, I took, I'm sick. I looked license plate. He run but he ain't gonna give away. I what real friends though. We keep record of shit same way when Pete did it, when we talking about records, Pete Diddy did whatever he wanted to do.


Everybody out here in the world, he did what he wanted to do. See Diddy been fucking up a long time y'all and he been getting away with it. But the people he was running to getting away with it, they helped him get away with it. But what they do, they kept rock. They were keeping Rockel on Didley. God damn right. 1998. You the one who shot that gun. Boy it wasn't Shine but we gonna make it like he was shine and it came a time. Didley got too big for it. Oh good. Then he wanted to sue some certain people. Y'all know what I'm talking about. He won. Sue them. Oh you gonna do this to me? Damn right be you must have forgot I been keeping Rucker and that's what it was.


People been keeping Rucker. Everybody got a Rucker when we get ready to leave, reserve had to go up there with him. Or if you go down there when you get to the gates, God got record of what you been doing. Some of you been having bad look because you a bad look at no bad vibe, bad energy, bad breath. Nobody want to be around bad folks. And you keep wondering why ain't nothing good happening to you because she a man. You got record. Yeah no you robbed your grandma. They ain't robbed you. They ain't robbed your baby mama. You think I'm gonna let you in here to rob me? Never.


It's all about your record Playing with y'all day. They ain't about talking down about speaking facts about Colorado. That's my team too. But they played like trash today and that's what I'm going trash today. I'm the only motherfucker gonna hold 'em accountable. Everybody else come around bras and whistles never Dub gonna keep it real like all motherfucking times. If you don't like it, peace. I ain't sugarcoat shit. Play like shit today. Come out next week.


They better be on fire. That's what wrong with the world. When you get in trouble nobody spank you on your hand when you little boy or little girl I'm coming up. You did something wrong Hait damnit. I stopped putting hand out there out. I get hit. That mean I was doing something wrong. What wrong with the world? Don't wanna be told when you're doing wrong then when oh man. If they had somebody tell them damnit, we trying to tell them. That's all we know. We can't win every game. Ain't nobody perfect. It's all about your effort. All about your effort.


I know I ain't gonna find too many women to love me 'cause my meat small. But when you find a woman to love your small meat, you hold on it. I'm send the flowers every day of the E. That's all I'm saying. It's all about your effort


Watching this show and you know your show being presented by prospects going download the number one sports fantasy app right now man. Use my promo code trash with the two H's. Yeah, put $5 in, you get 50 instantly. Real Talk. This only app you can spend 10 to $15 and you can win a thousand dollars or 1500 Real talk. Go play Pride. Pick Real Talk.


If you can't watch my show sometime you can listen to it on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Go and download it right now. The Bubba Dub Show. Stop waiting if you on the show right now, you Sugar didn't hit the light button. What? How many people got on here? 1500. I gonna have 1500 likes. I can understand how you can come to somebody's show and watch and laugh and giggle and then don't hit the like but, but that's what you do. Same way with Thanksgiving. Come to People house you really don't like, but you gonna eat. I ain't gonna, nobody don't. If I did for you not to hit the light button, I keep it hundred with everybody. I make you laugh when you're down. When your boss getting on your nerve.


You Tony in. You're watching me. I lemme hit the light button. Get in the comments. Lemme know how you really feel about Colorado overnight. Lemme know how you feel about Kansas right now. Lemme know how you feel about your cowboy. Lemme know Cowboy playing the Commander Sunday. Y'all know what's gonna happen. Y'all know what's gonna happen tomorrow. Y'all already acting like you don't know. But damnit, you gonna find out what's gonna happen tomorrow. And I got a surprise for you motherfucker. Tomorrow when the Cowboy playing the commander. Oh, dub got a surprise for y'all. Y'all ain't going even see this one coming. You ain't gonna see this one coming real talk.


Tell you another thing. We're gonna plug this show. You don't know nothing about this show. We do a thing called hell no Live show. He knows what he saw and hell, Well, apple been hitting me, telling me I need to update my card. Hell no. Apple be taking money at three 30 in the mother morning, 10 99 and I ain't even ten nine now you call Apple shit, update your card. Hell no, I will not. Y'all put that goddamn 99 back in there.


I'm serious though. Who I who? Y'all look at your phone sometime and look what Apple do to you. 2 30, 3 30, 4 30 in the morning. They gonna hit your ass. Then they want you to update it when it don't work. I be, damn. I'm not updating shit trash other day going to Colorado Defense trash. Y'all better than that. I mean better than that. Make no sense. It don't make no sense, but it's life can't win 'em all.


It's all good. It's all about your effort. Thank y'all for tuning in. Tonight's show. I gotta get to my show. I got a show out in Texas City tonight. Hey man, if you in the town area, humble Galveston area, pull up man with the Texas Center in Texas City, man, pull up peace. Bless it. I'm out. The Volume


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joah wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Does Money stress you out? Let facet flip your financial chaos into clarity. We Feel way more confident and secure in our finances. And with that comes a sense of freedom. Financial planning from Facet is here to help you improve your life. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that facet Was really the place where we saw all of the tools and the people coming together. Visit Facet.com FACE t.com to learn more. This a is sponsored by facet Facet. Wealth is an SEC registered investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell security, nor is an investment, legal, or tax advice. These testimonials are from current facet members who are not compensated. All opinions are their own and not a guarantee of a similar outcome.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel Core I nine processors, gaming Happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.