
What's up y'all? Y'all back from the motherland? Yes. Girl. I didn't wanna come back. Don't ask me about my hair. Okay. If it look like it's mine, it's mine. Are they gonna be long distance, you said? Yeah. It's Gonna be like, it's gonna be long distance. I don't know. I don't think that's gonna work. Be Squat Deep. What? Need, want you gimme something to do When? Get I You, when we home. If you put it when I, What's up guys?


We are back with another episode of Humble Baddies. I'm Sherelle Rosado. I'm Ashley Nicole. And I'm Alexis Meyer. And we are the Humble Baddies. What's Up y'all? Y'all back from the motherland? Yes. Girl. I didn't wanna come back. We miss you Lexi. We miss you so much. You shoulda been there. Yeah. You know A good time. I was celebrating my 42nd lap around the sun. Belated it. Thank you so much. You much Happy Birthday. Thank you much. Happy Birthday. Thank you. Thank you. It's Pisces season, so shout out to my fellow Pisces out there. Okay? Yes. You, so You had a good time. You were in the NYCI Did. Okay. Good's cool to be back like full circle.


I go often. And the fact that my youngest was born there and there's lots of footsteps there in New York, in the big city. Y'all spent a lot of time there. Yeah. Yeah, we did. You know, it was an investment in, You know, if they say you can make it in New York, you can make it anywhere. So the fact that our family thrive there, they still thrive. We still have a name there and You know, it's just good to see friends that are family that you just haven't seen in a while. And plus it was a nice change of weather. Yeah. And the vibes, the people, the, was it snowing? No, no snow. No snow. Just chilly. Just a little chilly, You know? Okay. Which I like a little brisk. Okay. Okay. Yes. So, well we was in the opposite, we was in Africa, girl. So Tell, tell me.


I mean, hot. Are y'all jet lagged? Like girl? What? Listen, I'm jet lagged. I'm tired. Yeah, tired. We was partying. This one Had me outside every day, every day, all night until the sun came out. Wait, It wasn't us, it was the promoters and it was Legos. Listen, okay. I need it. They had a party. I need, lemme write some notes about Legos. Gimme See, I'm gonna tell you what you need in your packing kit when you go there. Okay? You gonna need IV hydration packets? Yeah. Because there's no sleep. You're gonna have to charge up before you leave. Yeah, Girl. And just go with the flow. So it's not a, a relaxation vacation. No Ma'am. No. I lived turns of coffee and champagne like, oh Yeah.


We were urinating champagne and tequila the whole time. But You know what? Shout out to everybody in Legos. Everybody in Ghana. Y'all took, y'all showed out great care of us. Y'all really showed out like we're gonna, hopefully we can upload some clips. We got some clips of us. Like when I tell you the hospitality, there was top tier. Yes. It was top tier. Yes. They showed us so much love And they were hosting dinners and I mean, they really laid out the red carpet. Like it was very much coming to Africa, like coming to America, but it was like coming to Africa. Really? Tell me more. Tell me more. It was just so beautiful. We just say you loved this. Yes. So we went to Legos and then we also went to Accra in Ghana.


And I just loved Ghana. Like for me, I wanna spend more time in Ghana too. Well, We are gonna be spending more time. We do have some exciting news. AOR Realty has partnered with a big development company over there. Beautiful. And we're actually gonna go over there soon. So it wasn't all play. Yeah, Okay. It was work Too. Okay. We definitely, You know, had some business meetings. We definitely gonna get into the real estate business over there. There's a lot of new developments happening out there and Allure is gonna be a part of it. Yes. I, I hear there are great business opportunities in the motherland, especially Ghana and Nigeria. People are coming back. I Think we all should invest there.


Citizen should like as black people, we should definitely invest. Are price points pretty reasonable to where you Yes, absolutely. Really Amazing. The units that we're partnering with, they're starting out at 84,000 and they have a great Wow. R-O-I-R-O-I returns. Which, which you can English for those that don't know. Return Returns. Return on Investment. Okay. Yes. So yeah, I mean I we're, we are here to educate and You know, let everybody know, You know, I know a lot of people don't know about, You know, investing, investing in real estate and investing in a whole nother continent, let alone another country. So we are here, You know, send us an email if you have questions and Beautiful.


We would love to help. You know, set that up. Yes. I love that. Another great thing that I loved about Africa, for us to go over there and you don't have to walk on eggshells, you don't have to be a yes man or like, you walk in it, it's, it's generational wealth over there. Like you got powerful ass black men, powerful ass black women over there just killing it. Like, it was just so beautiful to see. It was very beautiful. Our kings and queens running shit. We're, we're basically not the minority period. Not basically we aren't, You know. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. It was a beautiful thing to see. I love That.


How was the food? The food was amazing. Yes. Yes. It was amazing. The Food was amazing. We went and got a massage at a waterfall. I dunno if I was supposed, I dunno if I was supposed to say that. Why Not? We're not gonna talk about that. Why not? Why not? Beautiful? You're in nature. You get a massages, rest and relaxation. I mean, why? It Was a little different. It was a little, Oh, what was it? Different ash. Different, why was it different? The men in Ghana are very beautiful. I'm just the skin. Yeah, the skin. It the skin. Mm. And the muscles. Big muscles. Mm.


And and This is who was doing the massaging or just in general? I just wanted my mic a little closely So I can actually, we're talking about the mass massages, but in general. Yeah. Yeah. They're beautiful people. Yes. Beautiful country, beautiful people. Yeah. I Love that. And so everyone was warm with you guys and just warm and welcoming everybody. Mary catering. Yeah. Ooh, Catering. Everybody Wanted to make sure like we had a great time and we did. Well Ash, did you, you did say the last episode that you were looking for, You know, a prince. Okay. I wanna know. The people do wanna know was there, was there some, Some connections out there? Or what do we m the matchmaker, but yes, We know that. Thank you So much. The Nigerian men are very aggressive.


We knew this already, but no, they walked up to my friends, my single friends and was like, I want your number. Gimme your number. Like Literally. So no conversation? No, none of that. It was more just very, it Was very straight to the point. It was very straight to, they're very direct assertive Man. Yeah. Okay. But did I give out my number? Did you, did you? I didn't. What? There was no one that piqued your interest. No, it's okay. No. Okay. Well, okay, we'll have to go back because I said we had a mission. Yeah, Ashley Did Say that. Okay. And clearly Well that was, that was good.


At least she, you're Making me blush. I See. And we see at least she went and like sprinkled a little essence there. We'll be back. So it's fine. Yeah. And I, I'm gonna go this time. Are you gonna come with us For real? I will. Okay. Okay. It was just A little conflict of interest with my birthday and everything. You know, It's, maybe you might not wanna come back. You Go Oh, you wanna be, you wanna be there for your birthday? Yeah. You wanna be there for your, you wanna be over there for your birthday. Yeah. So So next year. Next year. Let's make it happen. Yeah. Look at Cheryl With a grid. I love that for you all though. I Love that you, it's so much fun. Like Yeah. And I was telling Ashley and everyone, like I did the ancestry DNA and I found out like when it does a breakdown, I'm 26% Nigerian.


Ah Yeah. I love that. So she's a nija queen. I love that. It's beautiful. But You gonna love it. Yeah. I can't wait. I can't wait. So Yeah. I need a break though. I'm tired. Ooh. Okay. But you about To go back on vacation. I know. I got one more trip with the kids. I got, You know, I owe the kids. I've been doing them a lot is just March. So I gotta take the kids on their little spring break trip. Yeah. And then I'm gonna sit my ass down 'cause I motherfucker die. Yeah. I gotta take Mine too. They don't start spring break until two more weeks from now. So This Is the first year that I have three of my babies are on. They're just, it's three different schedules. So nobody's going on a group trip. Yeah. It'll be more individualized.


'cause they're overlapping once one's on spring break now then I have Asada coming in next week and Okay. She then she's a good week. And then after that is are the boys. So it's just all over the place. So all of March is spring break. Somebody's on spring break. Well That's Amazing. That is, it's a blessing, right? It is. You know, the children are a blessing. They're wearing me out though. They are. It's never a dull moment with them because on spring break, do you feel like you have to put them in activities, keep them busy? Or is that a time for everyone to rest? You gotta Keep them busy. I feel like I'm always trying to keep them busy. Yeah. But I feel like for spring break it is a time for us to like do something different.


Like get together, do something different, get out the house, You know, go on a trip, something. Even if it's not like far, just get them out of their environment. Yeah. And show them something different. I feel like, You know, I can speak on myself. Me growing up as a child, I wasn't able to travel the world. So just showing them the world, giving them an experience that I didn't have. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. It's better than just giving them money or paying for their time or putting them in a summer camp. Like let's go, let's go. Let me show you the world. That's Beautiful. It's that you can do that. Hands on, hands-on education. You just cannot get that back in those core memories that they'll take forever. It is, it is amazing to always travel with your Children.


But Chad, he reached out to me, You know, we're still nothing like that. But we, we still are a family at the end of the day and he was like, for sure have the baby ready. So Serenity's getting her hair done and and the sisters are shopping. He's taking all his girls on a trip. Aww. I love that. A daddy daughter spring break. Cute. So Serenity cute. And her sisters with their dad leaves tomorrow to go to Dominican Republic. Oh. I'm like okay, okay. Child sports Steps. Okay Daddy, you, you wanted to make it a competition. You take them to Dr. I'm taking the girls to Dubai. Oh damn. Damn. Big Jump. So, so Ade and Ariana both graduate in May.


So their trip for me will be going to Dubai. That Would be fun. All the girls, the older girls. Yeah. I love that. That's beautiful. Now, now when you travel, are the kids in first class? Oh no baby. They gonna be in economy. But mama gonna be in first class. Mama gonna be at the head and then be at the tail. Yeah. Do your kids travel first class Too? They got kicked out a long time ago. Okay. They don't don't liquor respect First place. They don't drink the liquor. Right. Okay. They don't eat the food. And I mean, it is funny because they, they were like, why are you in first? I'm like, wait, what? Especially the boys, this trip when they met me in Japan, they were, it was so tight in the back.


I was like, look, I don't know what to tell you. You already figure It out. And they're old enough now. Like they don't need to be like Right. Sitting right next to me. Exactly. First class I was 30 years old. I was like, no y'all, it's a Privilege. Yes. Y'all gotta work for this now. It's a privilege. Mama gonna make sure y'all get there. Yes, yes. Y'all may be in the back of the plane, but y'all gotta work for this. Yeah, you're right. I don't have to be under them. They're all stuff efficient. Yeah. All the iPads are charged, the phones are charged. They sleep. They can watch whatever they want. Can't nobody steal 'em. We y'all In the same place. We all in the same spot. Yeah. Yes. So like what do you guys think of travel etiquette? I know, speaking of like traveling and these airplanes. It's real scary right now. Do you feel like travel etiquette Is a real thing?


You know, travel etiquette is a major, Major part. We might need to Start teaching some lessons. Oh. On the travel Etiquette. But did y'all see And I felt like that happened to me where I seen a, a news article where the plane had to turn around because the guy was excessively farting. You Know that is the same thing. How much do you have to be farting for them to turn the damn plane around Enough to People argue sick from the smell. That's Horrible. That's awful. That's awful. Now I have let out a fart or two on the plane. Okay. Oh actually I'm sorry but we family. What? What I did? Oh my. You remember, you remember when I was texting you and martini? I was like, oh, y'all like got gas. Gas. It was food.


So we was On the plane, plane, plane. Well You know, on the altitude I had, I had the blanket, the bubbly, Listen I had the blanket seal 'cause I was like, oh my stomach is it, Where can you Have to let it out? Sometimes you take malaria. Look at way you The malaria pills. We make A look. You're eating at weird times. The jet lags Turn, turn the plane around. That is something else. So you let one out around. I had, they was the silent ones too. I was like, oh my goodness. That The silent killers you got. But no one, no, I think everybody you just had make that look. I think everybody's afforded one good Little, You know what I'm saying?


Because that's A long flight. That's a long, long flight. It's a long flight. One little, that's a loud, I remember when Chad and I used to be on the plane and it was one time where I had bad gas and the people was looking at Chad Us. They're not gonna think that it's the woman. And I look at, she's so cute. But she spanked Lord, she, I'm looking at her. Her too. I'm like, This You, you think that's funny. It's that it's, that is the farting to me. It's when people take their shoes off and their feet smell. Oh. Oh yeah. That's nasty. I was sitting next to a guy going from like cross country and it's already a long flight. And we were on those in those kind of like the pods to where it was two.


Oh yes. The right next. So I was like, he And it's long where you wanna rest. Yeah. 'cause if it's like, most likely if it's a red eye, You know. Did you say something to him? I, I, so I was, at First I would've said, At first I was like, you gonna make me sick? I was like, is it, it has to be him. You know? 'cause at first you just, it just this overwhelming foot odor. Then I looked and I was like, yeah, I think it is. So I was like, I tapped him. I was like, sir, do you mind like, You know, covering up your feet? And he was like, he looked at me and he was just like, kind of gave me the shoulder and kind of like turned. No he didn't. Oh my goodness. Because I was, but then he did end up covering up his feet with the blanket.


But did it help? No, that funk, that funk penetrated Little blanket athletes Feet. Little blanket. It had, it had to be fungus, it had to be something. But I feel like people think they're at home. Yeah. When they're on the plane and you for you forget. It's a shared space. And not only is a shared space, it's a tiny shared space. And you don't pay all this money to sit in, You know, first class. Yeah. To be uncomfortable. To be uncomfortable. Yeah. It's just not, it's not cool. So it was a crying baby on my way back from Africa. It was. And I, And the long leg. The long leg. Hmm. That's tough. It is Tough. 'cause I remember them days flying with my babies. Yeah. And they would be crying and I was just like, damn. I remember them days.


But I feel like you should always be like the type of person. 'cause I will never forget this. There was this one flight, my baby was crying, crying, crying. And this old white man was like, let me help you, let me help you with your baby. And I was like, no. Like I got it almost. 'cause you're just like a stranger. Like you still, I got my baby, I'm good. And he was like, just let me help you. And I was like, no, no, no, I'm good. And then my baby just kept crying, kept crying. So finally he just took my baby. He didn't say nothing to me. He just grabbed him. And when I tell you my baby, he just, this was Philip when he was little, he just stopped crying just like that. And went to sleep in that man's arm. Oh I wish.


And I looked at that man, I was like, oh my God. Like thank you so much. I almost started crying 'cause I really was having like a hard time. Yeah. Overwhelmed. It's hard because you try to, you like, oh what people lick at You. So I always felt like people should remember like, You know, the mom is probably going through it right now. Yes. Like I always look for like the moms who like need a help at hand with their strollers and like, because they got so much going on where you're traveling. We've been there. Yeah. It's a lot. You know. Yeah. But in that moment in Africa for a second I was like, I just wanna go to sleep. Of course it's had Timing to be like, bitch, you remember Yeah. That used to Be you. That used to be you. So don't forget. And I was like, okay, just put your headphones in girl. Just put your headphones in And go to sleep.


That's what I do. Ash. We're gonna make, create, we're gonna help Ashley create a live for headphones. The whole time we was in Africa, Ash, because the music is loud. Ashley had the Ear, the earplug, the ear earplugs. Yes. I, 'cause I have sensitive Ears. Oh. So it it, it's like Heightened. It's too loud for me in the cl. I'm old. You're not old. Okay. Well I don't know, but I do not, I can't do the loud noises in the club. So if you ever see me in the club with something in my ear, just ignore it. Okay. And it was super loud. Yeah. So what I, if I don't have my, if I don't have my earplugs, I will get a tissue and then I like get a little piece and I ball it up in my hand. I put it in my mouth so it can get a little wet.


And then I roll it up in my hand and then I stuff 'em in my ears and it makes she hear better plug, hear, hear, hear you better. And I, if you try to talk to me in the club with nothing in my ear, I can't hear you. But as soon as I put them in I can hear you, but I can't hear what like so much loud noise, Fun the debates Like, and I know people be looking at me like I'm crazy and I know it's annoying, but I gotta do it. So Ashley don't come out with her own line of ear earplugs airs. Yeah. Y'all better say y'all gonna be thanking me when y'all older and y'all can hear because y'all going to the club every night. I just Can put those maxes on, turn that noise cancellation and just max out Lex.


I see something different. Boo. What You see different? Did you take your locks out? I did. Oh My goodness. I'm in this hair journey of right now. Well I would say it's been a, it's been over a year of me having the locks, which I love. I love too. It's something that I didn't know I was missing, You know, like in just my vibe, just my extra, like a little layer. But I'm in the stage of where they are locks. So I was it, I am in a lock reformation phase right now. So it took hours to take out the locks and now I got a deep condition and had to cover up these grays.


And I'm getting them all relock permanently tomorrow. Oh My goodness. Are you gonna add extensions or are you just gonna use Your Yes, I'm gonna add the extensions. But like my hair grew so much, I had so much new growth and they've already started locking. So it's just like a big step being 42 and and only a week old. Yeah. Like so much is going on, You know, where I'm just like, You know it's time and that's your crown. You know, it's very, very sacred. And so like I love how I feel in them. I love my vibe. Sex. Sexy. Thank you. It's So sexy. Thank you. Thank you. So it's just my essence right now. And so I just wanted to make sure I was doing it the right way, the correct way.


And so now I'm locking, locking in literally here. And my boys, my boys had them for years. My oldest just cut his two years ago and then my baby still has them. So yeah, I'm just gonna be like them and just rock out one day. I'm lock, Wanna lock my hair up too. Come on. So my whole family can be good. You know, you're right. You're the only One is locked up. So one day when I get like, I don't know what age, hopefully I inspire I Your hair is so long, it's so pretty. I'm gonna lock it though. You can because ain't nobody finna be doing this when I'm older and age and I don't feel like It. I like it. I go. I just go. Especially if you're living here in Miami. Eventually I wanna cut all my hair off and go short. You could do that. You should. It'll go right back too. Try it. I'm scared. I had short hair before.


Like a fix cut. Really? We need, we need a picture. We need some evidence because I don't like it. Oh, I got a question. I got a question. Sure. Okay. So what do you guys feel about men feeling like they have a say? So what a their woman does with their hair? Do they, do you do, do we need to get permission for them to make a big hair change If we wanna do a big chop? If we wanna lock up? How do you feel about that? I think I say yes. You know what's funny? You think A conversation? No, Before we go into this. So I was on a plane coming back from Africa and this guy was sitting next to me and we were having a conversation, we was talking about everything and he was like, is that your real hair?


And I was like, no, I have extensions. And he was looking at it and he was like, I hate, I hate women who wear the lace front. He, he said it's okay, but if it, if it looks crazy, I don't like it. And the other thing I don't like is the smell of, oh Not the smell. Because You know, some hair stinks. It has like a, it does Have a particular smell. Oh No. A horrible smell to it. And I said I understand where you're coming from. Like that was his pet peeve. I said, I totally understand where you're coming from because I hate that smell too. Yeah. And I hate seeing when the, the lace fronts are just lifting, Lifting And it ain't done right. Yeah.


Okay. So I feel you with a man, with your man. If they don't like that, I feel like you should take he to what they're saying. That's just like, I don't know. I feel like It's just a little tough for me. It's A little tough. I feel like if he met me with my hair like that and he liked me enough to come and say hello and wanna take me on blah, blah blah blah, then I feel like then he got to deal with it. But I feel like if he met me and I was natural and then maybe I switched over, then we could have a conversation about it. But I don't think he necessarily has a say in it. Like, you can let me know. I don't prefer that. But that's fine because I like this. So I think that's what I would, I would agree With.


No, but I feel like I, what I was taking from your question is, okay, what if you, okay your man, man you met me with a punk, but you Just met him on the plane so that's why I was saying that. But what if this is your man and you wanna Do a big change? You gonna Do a big change Because it has to be a big change has to be, I Would consult with Hebe. I think about, I think I'm gonna try this. What do you think about it like that? I Like that. Just to get their opinion. I think that's a good way to approach it. Like especially that's your man. You know, y'all have this dialogue, y'all are friends, you have the conversation and going off of how he met you, that's what attracted to him to you in the first place. So what a big change. Like that comes sometimes a life change too.


You know? 'cause something could have triggered the haircut, it could have been anything. Yeah, because it is, it's, it's a, it's a moment of your spirituality, your soul switching off. 'cause you wanna change something and to your all's point, like my swag switched up a little bit with the locks and the vibe. So like low key, the right partner would have to handle that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If that's the case. But low key. I was talking to one of my friends about it. I was like, what do you think of it? Like, You know if I, he was like, don't cut the locks. He was like, you need to consult your man if you gonna cut, cut them locks off. 'cause that shit's dope. Like, and I was like, I kind of get that, You know? But I would definitely have that conversation. But I know that's what like is part of your vibe or your, your, your essence.


So it is a part of who you are. You know, Somehow how your friend feel about them locks being gone temporarily. Let be back tomorrow. Don't worry. Did you FaceTime them Now? You know, not yet. Not yet. Well I mean, But You know, You know, I'll be talking about your friend. They'd be like, lemme go back to this. Somebody come in in and was like, lemme go back to this. Such is such people. Fair People and detectives you'll never know, you'll never forget. They Would never know. But we Know, You know, it's good to have friends everywhere, guys. You know, let's just say this Lord, every time we talk about that friend them that them cheeks get red, that get big.


Can We change the socks? What you talking about? Hair? Okay, we talking about hair. You Brought up Up A friend. Like You Know what that upgrade is? We know what that means when you Say the locks gonna be back in Tomorrow. Mm. So You can pull on them. They're real crazy. I Love, well I don't know. I've been thinking about like, if Phil ever cut his locks, 'cause I met him, I've only known him with locks. Right? Yeah. It goes both ways. Even with the guys. Can you imagine That? No, I cannot. I can't imagine because they have Have facial hair changer changes. I can't imagine him cutting to Grow a beard or not to grow a beard to go bald or not to be bald or I couldn't see Chad with any hair.


No, I can't See him with hair either. No, because, But can he grow hair? He can grow hair. I mean I was no shady. I used to be, I used to be his barber. Really? So he get, so he chooses that he's choosing to be bald. He looked better bald to me. Okay. I don't think I, he would look right there. You like bald guys? Sure. I mean you attracted mean I liked when we were together. I liked that bald head man. But yeah. Okay. Okay. But yeah, so I think it's also for men and women too. I think you should consult if it's a big change. Yeah. But I don't like a man asking if my hair is real or not. I feel like that's rude. Especially for you as a black woman. Exactly. But you felt okay with that man, I seen that.


What? On a plane? He was like, is this your real hair? Yeah. I Didn't think too much of it. I was like, I mean, I got some extensions in here. Yeah. I don't like that. But You know, I'm old school when it come to that. Like you shouldn't have I Back in the day, I'm like, I like back in the day when like, we didn't know what you had going on in your head, but now it's like everybody, we, it's like a flex to be like, I got that 30 inch bust down, blah, blah, blah. Right. I know. Because it's an accessory. It's, You know, it's weird. You know, we've embraced hair culture now we've embraced Locks and I'm not mad at that, but I just, I don't know, I Just the love journey. Yeah. Like don't worry about It. Don't worry because your hair is beautiful. Don't about it. Don't sweetheart don't worry. Don't about It. Don't worry about the sweetheart. Don't worry about It. You know what what I'm saying?


Yeah, yeah. I understand what you're saying. Yeah. I don't know. I guess I'm old school, but don't ask me what I got going on in here. It's real for all y'all, You know, and now you can't touch it. But You know, You know, especially let me just be 100, You know, we prep for a trip for the protection of our hair. So whether it's braids, whether it's a deep condition or something. Yeah. We gonna switch it up for convenience. Yeah. You know, so I feel like, You know, they shouldn't be asking, no one should be asking like, why you got that? Why are you doing that right now? Yeah. So Ashley, Ashley don't like about people asking about her hair. Yeah. Don't ask me about my hair. Okay. If it look like it's mine, it's mine.


Period. Okay. Don't ask me no questions. And if you ask me, it's mine because I bought it Period. And that's that. And, and Lex locks Up and no, you can't touch it and no you can't touch It and no you can't touch it. Period. So Fellas, and that's that. Do not ask a woman about they hair. No. Let her come to you. All right y'all. Now it's time for our favorite time. It is the humble bat's mail time. Yes. All right. Who do we have today? This week's mail is from Dominique. Hey Dominique. She says y'all, I'm stuck. So I'm currently going through a divorce and guess who else is my high school sweetheart?


Ooh. We recently connected after six years and the vibes are still there. It's like no time has passed. Now here's the dilemma. We both wanna give this a real shot once our divorces are finalized. But he's in the military, which means we will be starting off this relationship long distance. And let me tell you, I hate long distance, but I've loved this man for 12 years. Ooh. Ooh. So what do I do? Do I dive in and make it work or I'm, am I setting myself up for heartbreak? Help me out. Humble Baddies. Dominique. Dominique. Well I'm gonna tell you like this girl, you are just coming out of a relationship, right?


Oh, she put the cards down for this Because I just got out of a relationship And well, nevermind. Go ahead and what? Nothing. Say it Uhuh say it. No, I was, Oh no. Say it Ashley. We to Charlie. Go, go, go, go. Okay, Listen honey, Dominique, focus on you heal. You do whatever it is to make sure that you're happy. Because what you don't wanna do is get into another relationship. I don't know why you guys are ending your relationship going through a divorce, but you need that healing time. And that's on some serious like fi find out what makes you happy.


And because you don't wanna bring whatever it is from your previous relationship, it had to be something because y'all are going through a divorce into this new relationship. If he's been your high school sweetheart and you still have feelings, take it slow. Like you can communicate with him. You still can date him and date others, but find out what it is that you want. Because it may seem like it's happy and butterflies right now, but it can be just, it's A honeymoon stage. Right? Right. It's, it can be something to like a temporary void. So you don't want to make, you wanna make sure it's not that temporary void. So focus on you, do you date a little bit and then we'll see where it leads to.


That's my opinion. I agree and disagree. Y'all know I'm the hopeless romantic. I feel being, being a divorcee, I feel like people do have a expiration date. And I also believe in divine, divine timing. I agree with you saying you need to heal and you also need to focus on yourself because that's one thing they do have in common is one, they're familiar with each other but it's a different stage in life. They have both been through traumatic events, meaning D like a marriage and a divorce and military. Y'all both know how that is. So that can also be taxing on just the mental and just really just an additive of in what the healing journey.


Shit. So you're adding that and plus you're, you're adding still trauma from the previous relationship. If there was infidelity, if there was financial reasons, whatever the cause of divorce between those parties were. So I agree with healing, but I also believe in, again, the timing is perfect in their own way so they can heal together. I feel I like, I like both these answers. I feel like you can't go wrong with any either one of these answers. But I feel like with some of these questions, You know, y'all be knowing the answers. I feel like y right, y'all just be, actually you still married girl, We done been married. The boys y been married.


The voice like I, I just like y'all be knowing what to Do. We have some life experience. This is my husband calling out. See we have some life experience, You know, in that way. So I'm Yes, I'm filming Mama at work. We filming. We filming, we at work. Hey Phil. Phil answer the question. Phil answer the question. Yes Phil can you answer this question? What's that? We have a question from a a humble batty can you answer it? Question. The question is this girl Dominique, she just got a divorce but she reconnected with her old high school sweetheart after six years ago. They're both going through divorce, They're both going through a divorce and they just rekindled.


But he's in the military and they wanna get in a relationship but it's, but it's gonna be long term 'cause he is in the military. Let's just, You do long distance, put it, Put it towards the mics. It depends on what are they gonna be long distance you said? Yeah. It's Gonna be like, it's gonna be long distance. I don't know. I don't think that's gonna work. Yeah, that's what I said. That's what I said too. Said they'd be writing these questions knowing the answer. They just want us to co-sign some bullshit. Yeah, that's the answer. Okay. Thank you babe. Love you. I'm gonna call you in about 10 minutes. You gonna be done. Okay. Alright. Okay. Bye-bye. I Love that males perspective. Yeah. Yes. You know that's, It ain't gonna work. It's gonna work's a temporary healing because they both need to heal.


I agree. And see what they really want it. It feels good and it sounds good for the moment. Yeah, but but it's not gonna work baby. Well maybe they can heal together. Dominique is not gonna work Big girl. We don't know if it's not gonna work. Dominique, Dominique go and, and, And, but I say day Mall. I always say Day day mall. Si day Mom Do all the things. He Could be top one but, but this ain't Me. Just know that. Okay. And that's okay. It's okay girl. You see me Over here. It's Okay. No blowing and having fun. We can't co-sign everything, all of us okay. Yeah. But anyways, thank you for writing us over here at the Humble Baddies. Thank you so much. We appreciate you and all your questions. If y'all have advice that y'all need, please feel free to write us.


As always, thank you for sending in your messages. If you're facing a situation or need advice on something happening in your life, we'd love to hear from you. Yes. And where can they contact Us? Send us an email at contact at Humble Baddies dot com and we may feature your submission on the show period. So we look forward to hearing from you guys. That's Right. Alright you guys, that is it for another episode of Humble Baddies. Thank you. Make sure you follow us at Humble Baddies on Instagram, Humble Baddies podcast on Instagram. Subscribe to us on YouTube, Humble Baddies podcast. On all platforms. Say your Snapchat y'all. We've been trying to get our Snapchats, I'm not.


Get mine going guys. Yes, I'm Glad you said that. Don't forget, say You your Snapchat. Okay. And then you can also follow me at shire risto underscore on Instagram. On my Snapchat Sherelle Do Risto. Make sure y'all follow me because I be putting some T on that and on my Twitter Sherell Risto Period. Okay. So you can find me at Ashley Nicole on Instagram on Snap. I'm Ash three Nicole, I think I'm Ashley Nicole on Twitter, but I I ain't mastered Twitter yet. Y'all gotta work with me on that one. And you can find me just on Instagram. That's where I'm at. Come see me.


We gonna get You on Snap Alexis. We'll gonna get you on Snap Meyer and then I'll be on Snap with them. Yeah. And then I'll have some good tea on there. That'll go away in 24 hours. Why not? All Right y'all, thank you so much for tuning in to Humble Baddies. We'll see you next time. Love you. We love y'all.