
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks. I seen all the comments when you got out the car with your little orange tote bag. I still got It right over there, Bitch. She right here. So famous. You gave niggas the orange fanny pack over the shoulder. Yeah. And you walked your ass out like you'd be supposed to see a chiropractor that week. All my life, grinding on my life, sacrificed hustle, paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice, the all my life. I be grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the all my life.


I be grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shesha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shesha. The guy that's stopping by for conversation on a drink today is one of the most popular actors in Hollywood. A prominent figure in the billion dollar Fast and Furious franchise. He's a part of two of the highest growth and franchises in Hollywood history. His movies have done over 10 billion in box office revenue. He's a global superstar and iconic singer, platinum selling songwriter award-winning r and b veteran, A six time Grammy nominee, accomplished producer, successful entrepreneur, multi-talented performer, artist, model, rapper, new York's Times bestselling author, With, over 25 years in the industry.


Let's put some hands together for Mr. Tyrese Gibson. Wow. Sir, I'm on Club. Shay Shay. You. We Here. I feel successful. I gotta, I gotta take this moment in, man. Thank you Jesus. You know what? I know you don't drink. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. But you know what I wanna do? Tyrese, I wanna take you back to where it all started from. Oh, you want to? Okay, I got it. This is, this is, this is where it all started from. We ain't gonna lead these other party, but I wanna take you back to where it started from. Wow. This is kind of what got you on the map when you did that. Did you? Wait, wait, wait. Come on man. Can I please just have a moment? Okay.


Soak it in. Soak it in. Yeah. Yeah. I got Thank feel on one of these. Well, you know what, while you doing that, I'm gonna take you even further back. Okay. You know black men are ashy. Come on in here. Your arms, we gotta get you right man. Just, just rub this in real quick. 'cause you, you doing all that with the Coca-Cola stuff. But long before there was Coca-Cola, there was the black man Ash. What is And? we gotta get you right baby. You got muscles out here. Let's go on. Get, come on man. Get 'em right. We don't need you to go r and b music video level. Oh My Goodness. Yeah, you a little ashy out here. Thank you so much. Ooh, babe. This thing like olive Oil. There you go, baby. Smooth it out. What? That's what I'm saying. Y'all can laugh off camera. I don't mind that. She, she, I just want to tell you brother, before we get started, man, I am absolutely honored to be here.


We are honored to have you. I am very grateful. Is that good right there? Yeah. You good man? I appreciate it. There you go. Now we, right now don't be flexing this shit. You ain't gotta, you know, you gotta tell, you know, rubbing it in, giving niggas the, the, the, the, the, the forklift. I don't know if I'm be able to sit in the chair. I'm be sleeping the slide all out. So if I start to move, that's what it is. I just want to say, man, what an honor and a pleasure it is to be on your platform. And I think we live in a world right now, sadly, where black culture specifically, if we did a better job and the department of giving the love and the respect where it's due, we could all show up for each other versus losing so much sleep over somebody else's gifts and blessings.


I want to just say to you, I appreciate that intro. It's a little uncomfortable to listen to my Wikipedia page, but my brother, you are, you are doing it. Thank You. And I am not only proud of what you're doing, but I'm proud of the pivots. You see, I came in it like this and I allow God to say this and this and this. And so every time somebody laugh at you, when you're making the pivot, when God sends you the vision and the idea to go do something else, you get laughed at. People will make a mockery. 'cause you know, we love to put each other in a box. You, you from the NFL what you trying to do something And here you are breaking the internet with every interview.


I know Kat Williams gonna be a tough act. Follow. And I'm not here to say nothing crazy or controversial, I'm gonna say some shit. But I just want to tell you that I'm very proud of you and I appreciate you con considering that moisture. 'cause I wasn't gonna make it through this interview with ashy arms, the whole goddamn interview. But, but they right. They look good. They Look good. My hands, I'm here. Yeah. Listen, we are, listen, we been in this black skin for a long time. Yeah. Light skin and white people, they don't understand that the moment you step out that shower, you put the lotion on, damn. An hour later you're ashy, you put some more lotion on your ashy again.


So I just, you Know, so I might need to get some of that. What you got? 'cause I, I knew I feel better right now. That thing Feel smooth there, you know. That's moisture baby. I got you man. Little, little, little glistening. Not much. Hell yeah. There you go. I gotta feel good about this. I'm honored to be here, man. Thank you man. I'm Proud of you. Thanks for having, appreciate that. Yes Sir. Alright, well now you got Coca-Cola. I appreciate that. Yeah, I don't drink as much as I'd like to. Wow. That's a real situation right there. Yeah, but I'm gonna go on and do this and I'm gonna steal hear the glass to celebrate. See, I'm not gonna talk about the greatness of a black man. I'm gonna talk to the greatness of a black man. Cheers to you, sir. I appreciate it. So proud of you man. Proud Of everything you Done.


Keep flying. Thank you. Appreciate, keep killing it Appreci. Keep using your stays and your platform to bless us all, man. Cheers to you. My brother Coca-Cola kind of strong aint It? Is it's been a while since I had, Hey, this is a Coca-Cola product. It's minute made apple juice. It's all in the family. Tell us how the Coca-Cola commercial came about. Did you audition for it or you saw flyer? So my music teacher, rest in peace name is Reggie Andrews. And I was at school that day, that week. And, and he got a phone call that they were doing a national audition.


Okay. And like five different parts of, of the states, like DC you know, Philly, Atlanta, that they were looking for this face, this fresh face for the Koch commercial. And they called my school because my school was known for the performing arts. Okay. I went to Locke High School, LOCK. I graduated in 96. I'm old. I'm 45, but I look 17. You see what I'm saying? I just got off the bus. So, so yeah, they called my high school and said that they were looking for a male black 16 through 18.


My music teacher, who's also a legend named Reggie Andrews, he wrote all the hits for the dads man. Whip It baby. Ah. So, you know, the, the, the horn section of Earth, wind and Fire came from my school. Gerald Albright, rest in Peace to the drummer Michael Jackson, one of his drummer name Ando Chancellor, all came from my school, Patrice Russian. Wow. Famous piano player. So we were kind of on that list of, of, of schools that if you want some talented people call Lock high school. And what a blessing it was. You know, I, I think my music teacher had to shut down the music department.


I mean, I was broken and broke. My stomach was touching my ribs. I didn't have a car, didn't have a ride. There was no way I was getting on the bus, especially with a transfer. Right. 'cause it was like close to downtown LA and I was living in Watts, south Central la So he literally had to work a full day at school and he ended up taking me to this audition. And I was three hours late. And the only reason that the woman wasn't gone is because her ride was stuck in traffic. Wow. So she had her bags all packed up. Her name is Tony. I'm still in touch with her to this day. And she said, I'm so sorry the auditions are over.


And I begged her Shea, I, I begged. I said, ma'am, I I, I got here as soon as I can. I'm so sorry I'm late. Is there any way that I can audition? And she said, I'm sorry, blah, blah, blah. We kind of went back and forth for like five minutes. I, I charmed her. And, and then she said, okay, okay, okay. Just, just, just, you know, warm up over there. I started singing. So she started pulling her equipment out faster. Oh, okay. Okay. You're feeling good. She's feeling good about whatever she's hearing from the little black dude with the big teeth. And so she gave me some headphones. She put the shirt on me that I, that I wore in the commercial.


And I just went down and sung a bunch of RB songs. And then she said to me, you know, start singing anything about Coca-Cola. So I, I'm just kind of freestyling and I had no idea. I've never done a commercial or an audition ever in my life. I don't come from a family of entertainers. No agents, no managers. It doesn't matter what kind of singing I was do, I was just another regular nigga in the hood singing. So when we did the audition And, we got the callback. Didn't even know what it meant.


That's how completely green and oblivious I was about the process of trying to get on. And so we got the call back. Then they made me kind of audition again. And then we got the call back that I booked it. Wow. And so I'll never forget, I was in Watts, born and raised in Watts, Martin Luther King Hospital, 78, I remember what street I was on Parmley Avenue. I ran up and down the street screaming and yelling. Did not know what my life would be, did not know what God was up to, what he was gonna do. I actually had two things in mind.


I wanted to know for the first time ever, what having over a hundred dollars in my pocket would be. And there was this girl who lived at the end of my street. She had a mean ass daddy named Steve. And I was flirting with his daughter for months, trying to get her phone number. And that's all I wanted from the audition from the Krier. I was like, I'm gonna finally get a hundred dollars and hopefully I'm gonna finally get this girl's number. So as you can imagine, almost 30 years later, everything about my life literally feels like Christmas to this day. Like, I'm sitting here with you, bro. Like, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a huge fan of you as an NFL star, an on-Air Personality club.


Shehe. And so every day I allow myself to enjoy the gifts, the unexpected gifts there. All the stuff that comes with it too. You deal with, I deal with. But every day feels like Christmas because when I first got on, I was waiting on the shooter drop. I was waiting on someone to say, okay, let me get that glass slipper back. My life felt like the prom. Right. You went to the prom. Right. We went to the prom. So we get a limousine for eight hours. We got on our best suit. We got our girl, we got our little, you know, And, we going big, we out the sunroof. And at some point, you know that, that damn limousines got to go back.


Right. That's what my life felt like when I first got on. So I've been in a limousine for 30 years, sir. And I can't believe it. Was that your aspiration to be a professional singer? Where did you, did you sing in the choir? Did you sing at talent shows? When did you know you could sing? I started singing at 14. That's Late. I'm 45. I did the Coke commercial when I was 16. Okay. And I wanted two things, a hundred dollars. And that phone number and that phone number. Which one did you want worse? I wanted both.


But all things being equal. If you could just get that phone number and not the a hundred dollars, would you have been straight? I wanted both. Shit, Because I'm being honest with you, man. I want 'em both. I was really like, man, I, I really hope this girl see this commercial and decide to gimme her phone number. I got the phone number eventually. Okay. And then her father called us sneaking on the phone one night and she got, she was on punishment. But then by the time, you know, we, we got to the other side of that hole, you know, I had options at that point. So I So all of a sudden you wasn't as interested as you originally were? No. Listen man, the line got long Rolodex, you know what I mean?


So it, it was, it was beautiful. And I said to her, man, I gave you all the shot in the world, man. I was just readily available. All these teeth, all this dark skin. I'm right here and you ain't giving me a shot. And now you want to gimme some attention. It's too late. After that conversion, you started modeling. You did Tommy Hilfiger, you did guest, you signed a recording contract. Now all of this is starting to happen. Yep. Instantaneous Life changing. You're not Tyrese Gibson. You're Tyrese one name. Now I am. How did, how did that, how did that change? You are from Watts, south Central. And now they see everybody in the hood and neighborhood.


They see you on television. That commercial came on in an hour. In an hour. It came on at least three times. Yes sir. So that's how many times they saw you continuously. How different was your life? My life changed forever. And it's never been the same ever since. I mean, we've been talking for longer than 30 seconds. Yeah. Other people have the luxury of saying you got your five minutes of Fame. Five minutes of Fame would've been like five hours in my world. I had 30 seconds. And if, if, if, if, if you don't know the Lord Jesus Christ and you don't understand the power of what God has in mind for you versus your small limited scope of thinking, there was no visions, there was no idea.


My mama's, not Gladys Knight, Anita Baker, my mama's, not Patti LaBelle, where I'm a a a a, a young singer. Right. Being raised by a singer. Right. My daddy is not Marvin Gaye, Teddy Pendergrass Luther Vandross. I did not grow up in a household with someone in the business so that they can get, get, give me a peek into what's possible before I did it. I'm not a NFL legend raising an NFL son, child star, you know? Right. There was no sign and indication whatsoever that I would be here. Was there anybody in your neighborhood that you could look to? Because, you know, sometimes, you know, entertainers, they would come, somebody would from that, from your school or from your neighborhood would come back and you can see him.


You're like, oh, he from here. Well, if he from here and left and went and did that, I can be from here and leave and go do that. Also. Was there anybody for you to look to that says, you know what, I can be bad. No sir. All I had was the list of people that I mentioned that graduated from my high school. Right. And I'm trying to think of, well, a few of them came back to speak with us at the school. Okay. But they didn't take me with 'em, I didn't go to none of their concerts. They didn't say come to the studio. It did not go beyond the scope of an appearance at the school to say, we are alumnis And, we graduated and this is what we are, what we've been, I mean we talking about Gerald Albright saxophone player, like, I mean another legend that, you know, some of y'all folks would be like, who is that?


Ricky Minor bass player. The bass guitar player. All the Grammys, all the awards shows. The most famous music director in the game. He went to my high school and I run into Ricky Minor to this day, he'll tell you, he'd probably, he'd probably be very embarrassed if I tell this story. But way back in the day, forgot what year it was, but we had a massive earthquake. This is when the Golden State Bridge and everything knocked down. Well, I think it was 89 then. Yeah. Yeah. It was huge. Right. So when my house got flooded, And, we was out here trying to milk fema.


I don't know if there's statue of limitation on that. So you might leave that. No, no. Look, we going to go ahead and put some of these clothes in this God water. We gonna go turn the goddamn water faucet on Mama. Shit, we gonna flood this house. This house wasn't even flooded. We gonna flood this guy. They out here handing out free money for people out here that's dealing with flooding. Shit. We gonna get this. Goddamn, we flooded down, we flooded. Now God put them goddamn underwear on the floor and flood them drawers. Goddamn. So, you know, we, we out here trying to get this young fema and, and I called Ricky Minor literally at the time, it was the most money I ever seen in my life.


We, me and Ricky Minor exchanged numbers. Please don't be offended by me telling you this people, this story. Ricky, I love you. I just want people to know how big your heart is. I called Ricky Minor and I said, look, this is the situation. And it was true. We was messed up. We was, you know, the house had damage. You know, we told the FEMA niggas it was flooding. But I, but I couldn't tell. Couldn't tell Ricky. You couldn't tell Ricky that. Couldn't tell Ricky, you know, but Ricky, it's a little rough. And, and you know, I, I don't know what you can do to help me out. But, you know, school is starting in three weeks and mama's out here trying to figure it out like everybody else that's dealing with the, the trauma of this earthquake.


And Ricky sent me, Ricky sent me $700. FedEx never forget. I could not believe this is before the Coke commercial. My brother, he sent me that money. Well, you lucky the FedEx guy wasn't trying to get some of that female more money too. 'cause he got that cash up fight. FedEx, that FedEx nigga would've caught five piece and a biscuit because I knew the money was coming. Okay. I was outside waiting on that. That was also my first FedEx delivery. He said FedEx, I ain't even know what it was. So he said, it's going to be at your door by blah, blah, blah. On this day, shit, I was outside. I think I missed school a couple days waiting on that FedEx man to pull up.


So I got that package. It was, it was $700 man. And I went and bought all my clothes and school supplies. I even bought stuff for my brothers and sisters, man. I went grocery shopping, put food in the house. And man, when I, when I finally made some money, I literally gave Ricky, I gave him 10 x that amount. Wow. And he was offended again. Like, come on man. I didn't do that to try. I said, Ricky, you gonna take this money and you gonna understand what you did for me. And you're gonna understand how grateful I am. You might not need it. You might feel a way about me trying to give it back.


But I was, I was very blessed. So every time I go to a Oscar party or pre Grammy party or any award show, I see that man standing on that stage with that bass guitar directing that band, And. we always have a moment where I go. 'cause that man showed up for my dreams and, and showed up for my family in a real way. After that major earthquake


Been hungry for some college football. Well we finally get a taste this weekend. Don't miss any of the action. Jump in at Drafting Sports book. This is going to be drafting's biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs. Plus all newbies getting into college football spirit. Here's something special. New drafting customers can bet five bucks to get 200 instantly in bonus bet. Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the Draftking Sports book app now and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash ds.


What did you want to do prior to you start singing at 14? What was your dreams? What were your ambitions? What did Tyrese want to do when he was 21, when he was 25, when he was 30? Live? That's it. It's all of we on Watts, Crips, bloods, gangsters, police, murder, excessive force, prostitution, heroin, crack, The whole list. That was my life. See in the hood, what I want y'all to understand, for you folks that don't know nothing about the hood, you ain't gotta be cripping in blood and to get killed my bro.


You ain't gotta be out here selling dope, selling weed, selling whatever you selling and you go and try and sell in the wrong neighborhood or in the wrong territory. And niggas come through and lay, lay, lay you out. No sir. I had to walk through at least 12 hoods to get from my house to where my school was going through Black and Mexican gangs, Crips, bloods. I'm just trying to go to school. I don't know if anybody want to take my shoes, take whatever it is I got on. I don't know if somebody just wanna fuck me up, beat me up. Just because it's a Wednesday. So ain't nobody thinking about the future. I wasn't no dreamer.


I think some of y'all niggas is running way too running. Gamut. I was a dreamer. I wasn't no dreamer. I was hoping I didn't get killed, bro. I was hoping that these Crips and Bloods didn't decide that today was my day to see my last birthday. That's what my life was. And Watts. So it wasn't, no 21 wasn't. No Tomorrow was the, the Goal, because I'm playing basketball, I'll never forget one of my, one of my homies named Scott Watts, One of the most talented niggas, period in basketball, used to kill niggas at Rick Rogers Park.


Shout out to all my niggas and watch I'm, I'm being real right now. Sorry. It's Club Sheha, my nigga Scott. Man. Long before we knew about a Michael Jordan, man, Scott was out here from the half court. Ah, Scott ain't had a Crip. A blood, a dope, a marijuana, a gang bang. Scott, I don't even, I don't even think Scott had a Crip walk in him. Scott got killed, bro. So we playing basketball on a Wednesday and now we washing cars and doing a fundraiser trying to raise money for Scott. Scott ain't hurting nobody. Scott ain't bothering nobody.


Why is Scott dead? That's where I come from. That's where I'm from. This, this is all this movie star shit and everything you just mentioned on that resume, when I tell you it's hard to listen, I'm grateful about my life. But when I tell you all of that still sounds foreign to me, it's because in the reality of my life, I feel like that's still fresh. So it's been kind of hard to like completely embrace all that God has done and still doing. Because you know, every time I get hungry I'm reminded of where I'm from.


Every time the credit card declined, if I'm just randomly at a restaurant now I'm doing all right. But sometime your shit just declined because some shit just happened. You be at, you go to Chick-fil-A nigga, you be like, yeah, yeah, go ahead. You know, put all this in the decline and you like, holy shit, you know, well let me call the bank because I don't know what just happened. They cleared all up and then it goes through and that reminder that broke is very real. It's very here starving and living on the edge and not understanding what might happen today. People are still in that right now. Yes, for Sure. Right.


It ain't got nothing to do with waking up every day and saying I am a bad person with ill will and bad intentions, but bad things still happen. And you go to church, you love Jesus. You ain't doing none of that stuff. Still can get shot and killed when you living in the hood, bro. I got a two part question for you. Yes sir. How did you handle Fame as a kid and what advice would you give now that you've gone through what maybe some of these young kids are having, the Fame that they're starting to come into, say as a teenager, how did you handle it and what advice would you give them? Mm Wow.


It's club shaha. I'm having a moment. This brother right here With them. Oily oil. That motherfucker deep. That nigga Deep right there. Boy shit Can't shit. You coulda, You know what's wrong? He ain't even send me the questions for the interview. There ain't no pre-interview. He just going, boom. Okay, so, so what I would say is, Ooh, thank you Jesus. Gimme the words. 'cause somebody is listening and they're either, they're about to stay with me, God, they're about to get the, the breakthrough is about to happen for them. Or there's other people that's experiencing the breakthrough right now as we speak. This is what I would say. Thank you Jesus. Your family has nothing to do with what God is doing and about to do.


You will be the first millionaire in your family. How does your mama feel about that? You would be the first one to graduate. How does your mama feel about that? You will be the first or the second or the third in your life and your story to get into the NFL or the NBA or go to college and graduate from college. How do the people in and around your life feel about what God is doing for you individually? And I have to say to all of the people watching not just the kids, but to everybody as far as my understanding of DNA, As far as my understanding of, of how this thing works when it comes to fingerprints.


Would you agree that your mama and daddy created Shannon? Would you agree that that mommy and daddy made you? Now, would you also agree that mommy and daddy's fingerprints are very different than your fingerprints? Absolutely. If you were, if mommy and daddy were to do their fingerprints right now, would the mommy and daddy co-created Shannon? Yes. Did your fingerprint come out the same as mommy and daddy? No. Okay. There's a lot of power in recognizing your individuality, your people, your family, your surroundings, your environment will try and convince you that you are sheep. You are a pigeon.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals, those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six any year, any condition the deal's so good, it will have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down to street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home. At and t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S Note or Z series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/samsung or visit an at t store for details.


You are like everybody else. Your uncle was a Crip. You ain't gotta be a Crip. Shut up. Your mama's a blood, your daddy's a blood. You grew up in this. They selling dope. So I gotta sell dope. They got the gun. So I gotta get the gun. I gotta dress the way they dress and I gotta look the way I look. I'm sitting there with a whole, you see what I'm wearing? I'm an alpha male wearing a full on outfit. Okay? Head to toe that they wear in the Middle East, okay? Jesus never wore shoes, he wore sandals. You ain't never seen a photo of Jesus wearing a pair of pants in your life.


Recognize the power of individuality and there's a lot of strength that you can find in recognizing the power of indivi, individuality. And, and, and you get away from. This is what we all doing. This is what we all wearing. This is what we all thinking. This is where we all going. Oh the fuck, we're not where I'm going. I'm gonna get to a point where I'm gonna try and hold onto as many familiar faces as I can. 'cause familiar is comfortable, But you realize that where God is about to take you, you ain't gonna be able to look to the left or right and see nobody. Now Shannon, I love you. You got a lot of white people out here behind these cameras.


A lot of these people did not grow up in your neighborhood. Correct? They ain't look the way you look. No. So as God continue to elevate you and take you to these other places and spaces, it's going to continue to become and be more uncomfortable and more unfamiliar because nothing about God is familiar. We should be on, we should go the rest of our life trying to figure out who is God, who is this man? Why does God love me so much to have all of this in mind for me? And why do I feel so bad about embracing all that God is doing?


So you have all of this in mind for me. But, but I want to take all the homies. We grew up together. We fed each other. We this, we that. We protected each other. We this, we that. Now they gonna make me out to be disloyal. Now they gonna make me out to be like, oh, once you got on, you know what I'm saying? You turned your back on all your real niggas. No I didn't. Some I, I can't understand what God is doing and where I'm going. But something about oxygen gets a little thin How you go up. I know they say snakes can't. Snakes can't survive. Certain altitudes that snake, you cut that grass low in your life and the snakes will be revealed.


See some of y'all, y'all are keeping it so real. The grass is high loyal. There's an expiration date on loyalty. The grass is high. As soon as you cut that grass in your life, the snakes will reveal themselves. And as soon as God does this and start elevating you, them snakes die bro. And I'm as loyal as it gets. Most of the niggas who I cut off will never tell you why they got cut off. 'cause they still in the hood. They playing victim. They gonna tell everybody they mama their version of the story. I got people around me that I've been rocking like one of my homies in here right now. Kenyata, that brother right there, that's my best friend since eight years old when I was hungry, broke, fucked up.


My mama was drunk out of her mind, made her make God rest her soul drunk out of her mind. Every level of dysfunction was in my house. Mental, emotional, physical, psychological abuse, drunk. Not that that's a drunk drunk. So I love you but I don't even wanna sit next to this bottle no more that's for you over there sir. Alcohol is fucked my life up. That's why I drank apple juice. I ain't never had a drink in my life. I don't smoke, I don't drink nothing about what I do every day is connected to anything that I grew up in and around. And that doesn't mean that I'm bigger and better. That's the other thing. So soon as you recognize the power in your individuality, you feel bad that you're different but nothing, God will never do anything different in your life trying to say the same as everything that you grew up in and around your family has nothing to do with what God is about to do for your career.


So that's some long advice for the 16-year-old. But I wanted to get that over to the, to the old heads too. You know what I'm saying? Like you ain't too old to get that breakthrough. You said something very interesting. You said your parents, your family has nothing to do with what God has had has planned for you. Do you believe that you grew up in a situation? Well I didn't quite say that but go ahead. But you okay. Different. You said mom, dad different. They created Shannon. Yeah. Fingerprint. But my fingerprint is nothing like theirs. Yes. I I am I I'm speaking to I know. Yeah, I know you don't. I'm speaking to the power of individuality. Right. And I'm, I'm saying like I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for my mother and father co creating me.


But but my mind, my heart, the empathy, I'm an alpha empath. Big, big, big energy and personality. But I feel and care for everything. So you say something, you do something, you go through something. If you are in a coma, likely when you open your eyes, it's gonna be me standing over you. So I'm saying something about me and where I'm from and the environment that I grew up in created me and had me early on to recognize the power of my own individuality. And, and I stepped into that and I was very uncomfortable because why do niggas stay in the hood? Because you don't want nobody to think you change.


Well motherfucker I did change And you wanted the people to know that you changed. I changed but I didn't change with any negativity on it. I changed because God is in the changing business. God don't keep nobody the same. Right. That's self-sabotage, self-defeat. You are wearing that, doing that thinking that your net worth is that you living, that your drive, that your hair look like, that your baby mama is that because you have literally became a carbon copy of everything you knew And anything that's beyond the scope of what you grew up believing, thinking or that you were familiar with makes you and everybody else uncomfortable.


You Say. So that's what I was saying. Okay. You also said that you love, you like to carry people. Yeah. And sometimes things get so heavy that we can no longer carry them anymore. How difficult was it for you people that you know, that you grew up? Like you said you grew up around, you saw these people and they became too hairy for he heavy for Tyrese to carry, you have to set 'em down. Yeah. That is a version. Loyalty has an expiration date. Like hey man I'm loyal, you're gonna die if you hold on to everybody that you showed up with.


Like we're not talking about death specifically. Right. That too, right. Everything that God is about to do and he has in mind for you, trying to hold on to everything and everybody that's connected to your family, your friends, your environment, it's going to die. So how does that make you feel? And so when I also say loyalty has an expiration date, that means agents, managers, lawyers, people in business. We was good for the first seven years of us brainstorming and connecting about the vision.


Now every time I talk to you about some shit I see and I want to do and where I want to go, we ain't really on the same page about where we're going. So I don't wish any harm on anybody. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. Now a lot of us, we deal with the pressure of the hood. All of my, let me make sure I'm being clear here. All of my real niggas I grew up with from day dot there is nobody in the world more happy for me than them. All the niggas running around talking about I you know it. You got history and then you got his story motherfucker. I didn't know you Right.


Okay, lemme take my hat off for a sec. You running around showing niggas that picture with your little roll up camera, your little flip phone. That is a fucking lie. We did not grow up together. I don't know you, I've never heard of you And. if you send one more person to walk up to me like hey you know a Lil N Knuck? No, No sir. I don't know a Knuck or a Knuck. Get your goofy ass up in front of my man. He told me that y'all and y'all used to. So you gotta sit through seven minutes of that shit while you pumping gas Because Lil Knuck Knuck has ran through the hood for the last 25 years convincing niggas that y'all grew up together.


All my real niggas that I grew up with. For real, for real. No jealousy, no envy. And if I ever have a problem they say look here bro, we love you. We know what you are. We know we told you off top that you different. They didn't let, here's the thing, gang banging is cool. They didn't let me bang, they didn't let me sell nothing. They ain't let me get in it. I had a big homie named Dirt Bike Fred. I was just on the phone with him three days ago. He coming to my movie premier for 1992 with his wife. They been together for 40 years. Where would I be without the big homie dirt bike? Fred? Hey Reese, come here bro.


What's going on? Bend over. He would take his timberland boot. He ain't just do it to me. Anybody who's trying to get into that life and he knew you ain't cut from that cloth, he'll literally say bend over and not with the tip. Not with the tippy toe. 'cause I wouldn't be able to have kids if he gave a nigga the boot with the front. So he would kick a nigga from the side. Bow, get your ass outta here, put that weed down nigga, put that drink down, put anything you doing the big homies. And that's why all these young niggas out here lost. Now they big homies don't understand they role. True. That's real. Talk you, You signing up more Crips than you are college dude, that's the fucking problem.


How many more young niggas you gonna sign up and teach 'em the game Shit, the recruiting Bloods and Crip recruiting is heavy. That set 'em up for success man. Use that same OG status to set us up. 'cause my big homie set me up for success and said, if you thinking about doing this, bend your ass over boo. They could kick my ass into a billion dollars in the box office. Kyrie, you spoke a little bit about your mom. You said your mom was, I don't wanna put words in your mouth, but you said she was a drunk, you said I think alcoholic.


Alcoholic. Sadly, Yes. And your father, you haven't spoken about him. What was the relationship with your parents? What was your relationship like with your parents? Well, my mother and father from St. Louis. Okay. I'm the last child of four. The baby boy for real. All three of my brothers and sisters were conceived and born in St Louis. My mother and my father got pregnant with me. I'm child number four. My father says we moving to la you know he do a little saying and he can, he can hit a noa. Oh, so that's where you got it from? He hit a no or two. He been telling the niggas he gonna get a record deal for the last 65 years.


You sit your old ass out, Man, don't kill that man. Dre stall it by Tyree. Hey, hey man, I love you pop. I love, you know, look, if that deal is coming, that motherfucker been stuck in an iCloud for 68 years. But yeah, my, my musical, my musical talents come from my pops and he's sang he played the piano. He's, he's, he's a music guy and he's, he's in St. Louis right now. So yeah man, he basically told my moms with all three of their kids at the time, we getting on the Greyhound bus And, we going to la So, you know, my mom was pregnant with me on the Greyhound, went to La And, we ended up in Watts and that's where she, that's where I was born.


Martin Luther King Hospital Capricorn, December 30th 78. And you know, right before my mom passed, fast forward, she, she passed two years ago and I'll never forget, probably like, you know, five years before she passed, we had one of them, one of them mommy son moments. Right? Okay. And, and she said my mama was in a coma three different times. And the third time she was in a coma is when she finally passed because of pneumonia and covid. And when she woke up out of her second coma, I just found myself becoming more intentional about spending time with her because my, my childhood was a fucking nightmare.


And I think everybody know that because I've been very vocal and outspoken about it. So she said to me, when I gave birth to you, I knew you were special. And I said, what does that mean? She's never told me this in her life. My mama was not the best support system. She didn't say you can sing your ass off and you going to be something if anything shut up, Bring big teeth, nigga bring all, bring you loud as hell and how bring that down. So there was no family love and support. My mama didn't come to my talent shows and wasn't on the front row chair. And she wasn't a soccer mom at all the basketball games. So I'm, I'm, I got this gift and this talent, but when it comes to the validation in my house, it was not there for me to understand.


I got something. So I'll never forget, she said probably five years before she was born, she said, you know, I knew you were special when you were born. And she said, I got my tubes tied after you because I knew that you were special. And I'm crying and shit. And, and I'm like, wow. You know, but I'm like, mama, tell me more. 'cause she never said anything like this. And and then she says, she says, you know, you got, you got movies in over 200 countries and you got billions and billions.


You have literally changed our families life. We have seen been to places and countries and cities and met celebrities and entertainers. We been some of the best cause And, we didn't, we done been around things that nobody in our entire bloodline has ever seen, heard or experienced. And you're gonna live and die and not be able to meet. Every fan of my baby boy named Tyrese, over 200 languages. My films come out and translated into and then she just walked off.


That was, well that was hell of a walk off. Just, just, just left me there. You know, we didn't talk much, but if you give your mama or your daddy a chance that you might dislike, if you give 'em a chance to talk, they can, they can drop, drop a couple on you. How did that make you feel? She's saying this and you said this is five years before she passed. Yep. Did a part of you wish like, damn mom, if you felt like this, why didn't you tell me when I was five? Why didn't you tell me this when I was 10, 15, 20? Why you just telling me. Do you think she realize that that moment, that obviously she, you know, you'd say this was her second time being on a coma. She wakes up and she tells you this. Do you think she, all of a sudden she started her mortality and she felt she needed to get that off her chest?


She's like, I need to let him know what I actually think about him. No, I, I don't, my, I don't, I don't, I don't remember my mother ever having that type of a time clock in her head. Okay. It was actually, and I'm sure a lot of people can relate to this when it comes to our parents or grandparents. It was a particular arrogance about I ain't going nowhere. Right. So you got Jesus. Yeah. And, and and, and and, and some people's relationship with Jesus is abusive. I can drink what I want, do what I want, go about my life in any way I want. Rather I take my medicine for my blood pressures up or I do this or I do that.


I got Jesus by my side. Right. That's a tumor. You Have to go visit the doctor to get that taken care of. Now God is an all knowing guy. He gonna get you through a lot. But we can't get arrogant with the relationship with Jesus. Jesus is going to get you through and Jesus has already decided before you was born when the first breath happens and when the last breath is gonna happen. But we have a responsibility to do best we can. But this one tempo that we were given. And so my mama was one of those like I ain't going nowhere. Right. And I ain't gotta stop drinking or go about eating healthy and working out and doing anything.


Which is why, you know, I'm still trying to shake that devil. You know, I praise God that I don't drink and I don't smoke and I don't do all the things that I don't do that I mention. But yeah, shit, I just finished eating a Chick-fil-A sandwich with double cheese. Okay? My mama ate everything in sight. I was that guy coming home how smelled like the bottom of the earth with them goddamn chitlins burning in that Woo, You ain't enough Red Rooster hot sauce in the world. That can make me like these fucking smelly ass porks chitlins of we Eating pig guts. What is this?


You know, everything imaginable. Right? And and to this day, man, I'm trying to get my, my food intake together, you know, but it's, it's, it's, it's, it's that thing man. We don't take care of ourselves. We don't really respect what might happen if we don't properly visit the doctor, get your prostate and, and do all the things that we supposed to do. You got a lump in your chest and you just, you think you're gonna just rub it out. That's a lump, right? You can't put no goddamn Vaseline in the baby oil on that. You can't give niggas no cleavage and think that's gonna get rid of breast cancer.


Put some baby oil on your chest. Did did that get rid of the cancer? No, we That's what, that's, that's what, so my mama did not have that type of urgency. I think something is about to happen. So let me go on and drop this on my son. No sir. That didn't happen. What about your father? You know, as much as I knew about him, he's still with us. God bless him. But I didn't know him. He wasn't, he was. So how when you guys, okay, you get on the Greyhound bus, your mom is pregnant With you. She's married to my father. You Married to your father? Yes. So did they separate shortly after you got there? Was he in the house? You Were No, no, no.


I, I knew my father up till I was about seven. Okay. years old. You know, seven, maybe six, maybe five. But at least it was early and I knew him. I knew of him and there was a reoccurring visitation, but not really. Okay. So I was that kid looking at other kids at the park like damn, I wish I had my daddy here pushing me on the swing. And I wish my daddy would, would show up to the school and, and curse the teacher out when, when they, you know, disrespected me or treat me wrong in the classroom. You know all the stuff that you want from a dad. You know? It is, I think it's confusing. We all love us A mama.


We love us A mama. Most of us grew up in a single parent household. And mama, mama did it all. She was daddy, mama, uncle, grandfather. She was the crypt, the blood, the og, she was everything. But listen man, you cut off the head, the rest of the body will follow. It's no, it's no mistake that we got 4 million black men in jail right now. No mistake. So all these women out here who did not plan on being the mother and the father, that's just what it is and ain't got nothing to do with crippling blood. It's just a lot of, lot of black men that's just ain't around. They dead gone or locked up. And so you got women out here having to figure out like how do I tap into more of my masculine energy when I'm a woman?


I'm the mama. I gotta be nurturing Karen. I gotta do all the things that a mama do. But then I gotta become a, I gotta, I gotta be, I gotta wear the pants. We supposed to wear the pants even though I'm sitting here with a Islam outfit on and not white Pants. You mother not quite bad anyway. Shit. But true be told, God damnit, my luggage got lost, you know what I mean? All the shit that my publicist sent me to wear for my press run I'm at, I live in the A TL. I was like look here man. All that shit luck. That shit lost. So I'm gonna go on and put this together 'cause I ain't canceling Shannon, I'm gonna go on shit.


Oh Sure. Appreciate that. This was the only thing in my closet that I didn't have the iron and I was like, I'm gonna go and put this together now if anybody can smell me. I got dressed so fast I forgot to put deodorant on. So I do apologize. Keep your distance. Let's keep these hugs short and brief 'cause it's cracking on the hill. I smell myself goddamnit. You mentioned you were born in 1978, graduated in 1996, but there was a big event that happened in 92, the riots. Yep. You are 14, probably four, I think 14 at that point in time and it smack dab. And where you grew up at Watts, south Central la What do you remember about that situation and how did it shape the way Tyrese looks at the world?


I was in Watts, I was in the riots, I was scared. Everything about that boiler plate that we feel and live in every single day that I've been mentioning throughout this interview, it went up 50 notches. Because see when you're born in Watts in the year 1965, my city was only known for the Watts riots. Correct. And everything, you know, you grow up in the hood. Don't matter how young or old you get, everybody's talking about if you in Minneapolis, nobody's gonna be talking about George Floyd.


You can move Minneapolis right now. That's gonna be the energy of Minneapolis forever. You go to Memphis, Tennessee, you gonna feel the energy of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King. I was born into the rebellion. I was born into strife, not just gang affiliation, I'm talking about the 1965 riots where they had to send Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. To Watts to try and get, use this black man to influence black and brown culture to calm down. 'cause we was burning that motherfucker now. And so now I'm living and reliving what I've been hearing about my whole life from 1965, before I was born 78, all the way up until 92, all we was known for was the riots.


I didn't get on career-wise until 98. So 92, April 29th was a bad day. Didn't, it was five, six weeks before we seen the sunshine. Clear skies smoke everywhere. It was ashes in every, your neighborhood, your streets, your houses ashes. Because what goes up comes down when it come to burning shit and looting and rioting and you know, I, I got me some shit now, Man. You tyrese, you always looking for to come up on the, on the sneak tip. I got me some shit. Shannon got me a couple pieces. I'm scared getting it, but I got it.


You mentioned, obviously the date is ingrained because you remember April 29th, you wake up that day. Did you expect it to pop off like it did? Could you tell it was starting to bruise? Like, oh, by goodness this somebody, this, this, this thing is about to explode here. Did you know that? Could you sense that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we knew, but we also knew that, see, when you from the hood, all, all of the non hood niggas was, was, was, was, was shocked. None of us was shocked. See y'all, y'all look at, y'all, look at all of the trauma of police brutality, murder, excessive force planting drugs and guns and you know, all of that over the top abuse.


At 92 there was no body cam, sir, there was no, there was no cameras on the cars of police dash cams. There was no dash cam. There was no, there was no Google maps. It's before MySpace Black planet.com. You know, this is before the internet. This was before anybody could have any sense of what actually happened because you can pull out your actual camera phone and film it. Some of us have been grown for so long. We forgot the brick phone in the hood with the cord attached with, with the first cell phone.


We forgot the beeper. Typing out one letter at a time that says, I love you or fuck you. Yeah, we forgot about the beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep beep. Yeah, we forgot about that. So somebody rolled outta bed and seen something going on, grabbed a big ass Camcorder, Probably camcorder, put it on they shoulder.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key line pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from the Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine wash just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15, that's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com


And film the whole thing. Then that thing went crazy. Set it off. That thing went crazy on the news 'cause there was no Instagram Because that was the first time that we could actually, that was really the first time you could see it because for the longest time, no sir, go Ahead. That wasn't the first time I could see it. I see it every day. You saw it, but the world, The world seen what we see every day. And that's not what they put in the report though, Tyrese, what they said versus what we were later able to see. They're like, hold on, wait a minute, y'all didn't mention any of this? That's not new either.


That's what I'm saying. This, this, this hood shit. Well, how you saying? Tell me something I don't know about how they, that didn't happen. That police report. What the fuck is that? That's why when black people get outta jail 30 years later and they try and give a nigga half a million dollars, like a half a million dollars gonna fix 30 years of me living in that hellhole because you, you, you lied on the police report, Right? You, you documented, you made sure that you looked right in the light of the judge that's going to make a judgment in front of the jury.


You planted that, you did that. And so nobody who lives in the hood is shocked about anything that we're seeing play out. And the arrogance of it all is that you would assume black man, that they going to clean this shit up now that there's so many people filming everything. You can't do nothing without being filmed. Nothing. You slap the shit out. Somebody at the front door, they got the ring cap, your slap is captured. Yes, you still a package Amazon thinking that you could just creep your goofy ass in the yard. Everybody gonna see you. Yep. At at you can't do nothing without it being filmed and they still fucking us up.


Now imagine how much of an open season it was and has been since 92 and prior to come on. Who took a picture of that black man hanging up in that tree? Damn, that's fucked up. What if nobody took that picture? Nothing would be fucked up. Your heart, your mind, your spirit is only affected by the things you see, by the things you hear, the things that you're exposed to. I'm gonna give y'all a word. Here's your word of the day, boys and Girls Coin Tell Pro, let's move on.


Go ahead. Your movie 1992, it takes place during the La Rise. Why do you feel it was important to do this movie? It was important because I'm from there. It was important because I lived that and experienced that. It was important because the diversity that's in this film made me say yes. I ain't make no money from this movie. What they paid me, I make in per diem. The statement was much bigger than the press release. The opportunity or, or or the payment.


That's where I'm from. This is a story that happened that I lived, that I experienced. Even Snoop Dogg told me he was looting and riding in the right. This is some shit that when you born and raised in South Central la we know this. It was real. The younger generation, just like I from 65, you hear the stories about 92 because you were 2000 baby, right? So I, I experienced that same thing about something dark and fucked up and traumatic that happened prior to me being born. But I had to do this movie because we deserve for our stories to be told.


Now this might be a little confusing to you big homie, okay? But I'm gonna give it to you, okay? Give it. Nobody in Hollywood wanted to make this movie. No streaming platform, no movie studio. Nobody wanted to make this movie. So they ended up securing the money to make this movie from a billionaire from overseas. We shot the movie in Bulgaria, all the warehouses had to do it at a budget. And then we came and shot the rest of the movie in Watts in South Central LA and off of Crenshaw. And then after we made the movie, nobody wanted to buy the movie.


After it was made, they ended up selling the movie at a film festival and that's when Lionsgate picked it up. Then they said the disrespect just kept going. This is long before I was involved, by the way, right? So they couldn't get the movie made without me being attached or prior to me being attached. We got Ray Liotta, a legend who has already worked with our current director named Ariel Roman, who is an Israeli from Israel. So when I'm speaking to diversity, I'm talking about find another Israeli who directed a south central LA film. So Ray Liotta, Ariel Roman, Scott Eastwood, Dylan, who was my brother.


He was just in the Christopher Nolan film. Like this is a heist movie. This is not a movie about black people trying to get some free shit, right? So the heist element made me say yes, the South Central LA made me say yes. And everything about the father son dynamic in the movie made me say yes because Ray Liotta is the father to Scott Eastwood and they toxic and dysfunctional as a motherfucker throughout the movie. I'm dysfunctional and toxic with my son in the movie.


And so everything about those other elements is what made me say yes. How how much influence did you have? Because do do you believe that in order to, and people gonna like, no, that's not true. No. Do you feel that you need to have experienced riot, the riots in 92 in order to fully tell and explain the riots in 92? No. Which is why we have a British actor who played Dr. Martin Luther King in Selma. You ain't gotta be born and raised in Atlanta to do a movie about an Atlanta topic. I'm an actor.


So if I don't know anything about this life, this world, this situation, I mean most niggas is out here looking goofy as hell. 50 years old wearing Marvel comic outfits. You don't even wear that shit at home for your son's birthday. But you got your goofy ass in that goddamn movie standing there with your fake chest muscles and your 12 abs. You ain't got them abs underneath that goddamn damn costume. But we, we as actors, we have the blessing and the gift and that's no disrespect for Marvel. 'cause I definitely want y'all niggas to keep helping me out. Love Marvel, which, which eye do I wink on?


Anyway, so yeah, we as actors, we get to, oh, and I love it. I love it. Thank you Jesus. We get to become, leave it at that. We get to Become, You mentioned Snoop Dogg and That's what we love about Denzel. That's what we love about Viola Davis. That's what we love about Ruby D and Sidney a Sidney Poitier. You know, this is what we love about the giants of our world. We've seen them re Harry Beon, we've seen them reinvent themselves over and over and over again.


Then the John Singletons got a spot. Then the Spike Lees got a spot that helped set up the Ava DuVernays and the Antoine Fuqua and the f Gary Grays. We did that. We become Denzel became Malcolm X and killed it. Yeah, Like I'm talking about Jesus, I became an actor, which Denzel Washington, if you see this movie, I don't feel like I've made it. And I'm not successful until I do a movie with you, sir Denzel Washington.


I don't feel successful and I don't feel like I've made it as an actor until I do a movie with you because you are the reason I decided to become an actor. It wasn't John Singleton. He tried to talk me in it seven years. He tried to put me in the movie Shaft, told him no, he wrote the movie, baby Boy for Tupac, not for me. But after I seen Denzel Washington's performance in the movie, the hurricane, I was in my living room with my dusty ass VCR and I was reenacting all of the scenes from that movie in my living room.


And that's when I knew I was ready to become an actor. You mentioned Snoop Dogg executive produced this movie 1992, and I don't think anybody has had, he can't, the guy, he can't go anywhere. And I can honestly say this, I've known Snoop over 30 years and I've been around a lot of people. I've never heard anybody say anything bad about Snoop. But a guy that's a guy that's been able to, to change the, the, the narrative about himself. There's not a room that Snoop can go walk. I mean, from Martha Stewart to like, he's on the Olympics and the coverage is going crazy because everybody loves Snoop. What's some of the advice that Snoop has given you? Just like, hey, the homie he knows, I mean, what he went through was on trial and to come out of that on the other side with flying colors, someone lost their life.


I'm sorry about that, but Snoop, the, the, the metamorphosis that he's gone through, when you sit down and talk to him from a business perspective, what's some, what, what does Snoop talk to Tyrese about? Snoop is a genius. He Snoop is, can I ask you a question? Sure. Who's a bigger rapper? Globally the most famous of the two? Jay-Z or Snoop Do in your opinion, Globally Around the world? Like if Jay-Z and Snoop Dogg was in a mall and Moscow, who would shut the mall down?


Like, I'm gonna have to go Snoop. Honestly. Okay, biggest rapper in the world. And. we are not talking about Grammys 'cause he ain't won one yet. Biggest fucking superstar in the world. That's my big homie. Long Beach, west Coast. I wish a motherfucker would, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Big homie man. Big homie. Snoop Dogg, man. Biggest, biggest in the game, man. Shit. Snoop might be announcing he a billionaire soon. I wouldn't be surprised he shouldn't be. The nigga owns 732 businesses. Fuck you, me. That motherfucker wake up and his emails and, and and notifications hit different. My brother, yeah, he just hosted the Olympics and came home with 16 million new followers, 16 of 'em.


He did that in two weeks. Two Snoop Dogg being on board with this 1992 movie chains. Everything about, listen man, we did a hundred million trailer views, my brother. Wow, okay, this is straight to DVD, straight to streaming. So they thought 1992, my brother February, that movie was supposed to drop on the world. I asked them, can y'all push this thing back? Can you give a shot? Can you gimme an opportunity at trying to create some energy around this film so we can get it to the theater so we can get some more pressing energy and get the word out. I brought Snoop on board as a producer.


We posted that trailer, it broke the internet and did over a hundred million views. We go from no premiere, no soundtrack, no press junket. Am I on Club? Shay Shay right now? Yeah, absolutely. This club Sheha. Yeah, I do. This is club motherfucking Sheha. We ain't doing Club Sheha because Shehe wanted to interview me. We doing Club Sheha because of 1992. There was no budget to do a press junket. Not one single interview was connected to this movie. See, I am walking leave. I am, I am. Let me get my wrong, my words records. This is all for God.


I am the walking, living, breathing manifestation of favor, favor, because you, you listen, I can't explain what God is to me. Wait in line. I said 30 seconds, approaching 30 years. You know how many commercials have been famous? Even the nigga with the the deodorant commercial. Okay, where's his 10 billion in the box office? Where's his record deal? Where's his acting career? If we're winning the popularity contest from doing commercials, then why it ain't happen for everybody? Don't disrespect my hustle.


I'm grinding and hustling. I'm getting at turning over all the rocks. This is not just lazy with favor. This is, oh my God, now that God done gave me this, I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to figure out what the pivots are. I'm not a dreamer, okay? I'm not worried about next week I I got plans, I got visions, I dream with my eyes open. What? What's that? Did you come up with the, with the idea to open up an alcohol company before or did you see somebody else do it and then you said, man, as soon as I can do it out, you got your own name, you got your own taste.


You got your own look of your bottle. But are you the first black man to release a brown liquor? No. Okay, so you seen somebody else do it and so you dream with your eyes open and you did whatever it takes to hustle your way into that, right? And then you got that. That's why it's sitting on the table. And that's why this motherfucking apple juice is sitting there too. So we are technically experiencing every single day. Visions and ideas are physical. You may, If, if, if, if someone had kept this chair that we're sitting on right now, this ugly ass, this chair is ugly and I'm mad as hell that you didn't invite me to the real club. She shea with the leather chairs and all that. Like am I, what am I some, am I less than Kat Williams?


That's a, that's a la that's a la I came to you. They say Tyrese would do, he wanna sit down on Club Shehe, but you gotta come to Atlanta. So I came down here just to see you. That's bullshit. Where I where you located at? I'm in la I'm in la They Think so you telling me them leather couches that Kat Williams sat on and all of your other stars is in la In La And. we over here sitting on this In Atlanta. Your hometown. You know your new home now. Okay, well the point I was making was, the point I was making was, is that ideas are physical and if you have visions and ideas and it's so clear and it's so specific and you decide to rob the world of getting that idea out, it ain't gonna be sitting on the table.


Right. And if these chairs that we are sitting on, even though I don't like 'em compared to the the club shehe chairs and that shit, I was looking forward, nigga I had, I put an outfit on together. I was like, shit nigga. Hey, this motherfucker black outfit right here with that brown couch. Shit. This Shit, it is gonna have a vibe, nigga. I was shit. You think I'm about to wear a brown sit on the brown couch? No sir. But this chair right here that we sitting on, if they had kept this vision and this idea in their minds, we'd fall on the floor. Did you design them glasses you wearing? No. Did you design the T-shirt? You got 'em? No. Did you design the necklace you wearing? No. How about that? Watch? No.


How about the cards? The cards? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Somebody printed those out, right? Yeah. So if they didn't have a print, that's My silhouette. That's my Sette. That's your logo and all that? Yeah. You should put, wait, lemme see that again. I guess can we get some lotion in here for the shit bag? It Your motherfucker logo. Ashy Get, I'm just, He looking at like, that shit Did look a little ashy, man. Yeah, he got a shower. He just gotta shower. We just gotta shower. So, so the the point is, we should go the rest of our life getting that book out, writing that script, moving on those visions and ideas, implementing all that God has bouncing.


What? What's keeping you up at night? And. if you think you're gonna be able to talk to your friends, your broke ass, family, friends, homies, and they're gonna share in that same joy and energy that you have about what you see and what you want and what you envision for your life, you gonna be fucked up for the rest of your life just like them. Wow. Sometime you gotta bless somebody from saying, y'all niggas don't see what I see with what God is doing and about to do. But I'm gonna show you one day because if I talk to you about my visions and my dreams, you're gonna laugh at me. You're gonna try and talk me out of it And.


if you talk me out of it, then I can't come back to that same hood and change the hood. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club she she profile and I'll see you there.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn important life skills with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save and invest and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids' money habits. Greenlight also helps families get into their ball routine with a chores feature that less parents assign chores and pay kids allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.