
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing Every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hey, Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use OO because they save you money. Oo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks. Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Now the problem is for us, and, and it breaks my heart when I think about Nipsey Hussle, when I think about Nipsey, when I think about all the rap niggas and RB niggas and all the black entertainers who don't understand the concept of keeping it real versus keeping alive, okay? I ain't saying this to anybody specifically. The moment you have kids, the moment that your net worth change, your tax bracket, change the square footage of your house change, you got motherfuckers jealous of you right now, and you, you got $2 with a WIC voucher.


Why you getting so many food stamps compared to me? Why? You got five WIC vouchers. Niggas out here jealous and envious and want your life. So what makes you think that they not gonna try and take your life if you keep coming back to the hood because you don't understand that everything about your life has changed. See that brother Nipsey Hussle, he did the right thing from investing and buying the block, but not everybody on the block is happy for you. And not everybody in the block understands that what you're doing is much bigger than rapping and singing and acting and being in real estate.


Anybody, I I, I, I don't think, I don't think most of us is thinking about real estate. We thinking about, man, if we lead by example And, we do things to change things. And. we from the hood, Shannon, everybody gonna be happy for me, right? Look at what we did, y'all, No, Man, listen, you got many motherfuckers out here losing sleep over your gifts, man. Why? Why, why? You and I? Okay, we're black. Let's speak to our community. Why? Why do we, why do we, why do we hate on each other?


Why it seems like we do. We wanna see us okay, get successful and then we get a little successful. That's too much success. Let's try to knock him down. Everybody Want to see you doing good, but nobody want to see you doing better than them. You talking about that, right? Yeah. I tell you what it is. 'cause you got people out here praying right now for what I already have and you put a little jealousy and envy on it. And they thinking that jealousy and envy is the motivator. You don't have to be jealous and envious and lose sleep over what God has decided to do for me in order for you to do it. Now you are an athlete. You are competitive, okay?


And you, you got muscles right now nigga. I done gave you my muscles six months ago. I didn't know you was gonna still keep my shit. Okay? Now y'all niggas out here looking at this nigga buzzle this, but the T-shirt that he's wearing came with the muscles, nigga. This is Marvel comics. It's also bled over into sports motherfucker, okay? Okay. I had that shirt on yesterday for my god damn movie and I had to put that shit up on the wall to give it back. But the point is, what y'all have to understand is I don't remember the last time I lost sleep over a hater. I don't care who you fucking, my body count is up.


My numbers. Woo. My God, my God. Hey, this r and b juice has been flying. Don't get this sweet lady game. Fucked up nigga. It's called sweet lady. Vaginal activity for me has been real for 25 of 'em. I had to slow it down. The point is, the square footage you living in, that ain't mine. Right? Your chains, your jewelry, your watch, who you dating? Who you fucking the way? How beautiful your kids are. The fact that your drip from head to toe niggas is jealous of your hairline.


It, it's, it's bad, Right? It's bad man. It's bad. Listen man. But when did it become cool Tyrese to just make up stuff about somebody? Has that always been the thing about social media? Social media? But you know what? If you on the gram, then you going to put some shit out there, you going to say something and you're going to become the topic of the discussion, which allows for them to twist and flip your shit. Now listen, I've said and done some dumb ass shit on social media.


I've lost fans. Shut up. Somebody like amen, whatever I've said and done some dumb ass shit on social media. But guess what? If, if I had a problem with what people gotta say about me, get off, get off the internet. You ain't heard no rumors about Denzel? 'cause he ain't on the ground. True. Hey, let me ask y'all something. 'cause you're so damn smart. What does Shaday eat last week? Nobody knows who she dating. What her house look like, what she drive.


What private plane did she just get on last week? Nobody knows where Shaday is. Y'all young niggas don't. Some of y'all be like, who is Shaday? Google Sade. Right? That's what I'm saying. So at the end of the day, when you invite people into your life and your world, then why are you bad that they going to misunderstand you? Twist your words, beat you up, beat the shit out you. When they disagree with you, create who you are and what your intentions are and what you stand for. And Illuminati and devil worshiping and gay and homosexual.


I seen all the comments when you got out the car with your little orange tote bag. I still got it right over there. Where is it at? Hey, where's that famous tote bag at? Holy shit. Gimme that goddamn tote bag. This shit right here. So famous. This had niggas out here thinking, oh, he's gay. He's officially outta here. We lost one. You gave niggas the, you gave niggas the orange fanny pack over the shoulder. Yeah. And you walked your ass out like you supposed to see a chiropractor that week. That motherfucker had a different kind of wiggle that nigga that is an ex NFL player.


That nigga can walk however way he want. Walk out there. All of a sudden she, she is gay. Y'all niggas, I your goddamn mind, I need to see a chiropractor. You think it's easy to be six five sitting in the backseat, sitting upright like this nigga, for 45 minutes when you are dancing player player. These niggas are crazy out here, man. What more do you want from me? Congratulations. I uploaded that goddamn video and they still cracking jokes about me to this day. If I didn't have a camera, if I didn't tell niggas who I was dating, who I was fucking, what I was driving, what I live in, where I'm going, what I'm doing, the yellow, yellow tail shashimi with the jalapeno peppers.


Nobody wouldn't have shit to say. We put our shit out there, right? And, we got a problem with what their understanding is. You don't know why I'm dating this girl who I'm fucking is not up for discussion. I'm a grown ass man dog. But if you gonna be posting about who you're dating, if you going to keep niggas up to date every step of the way about who you're dating, things might be couples goals until you're no longer a couple. The couple goal, we all know we understand. You know what cutting and pasting is, right?


Right. You know, you know what? Putting a filter is to make your face look all smooth and shit. Yeah. That ain't the way your face look, you got pimples all over your goddamn face right now. I'm just saying, nigga. I do, I'll do, I came here to see how bright is this nigga teeth for real? In real life. His shit is really bright. Y'all. This ain't no other way. He ain't got no low light shooting up to his shit. His teeth are as white as his goddamn Air. Force one. I'm seeing this shit in real time. I'm telling y'all, man, if you don't understand, we live in a world right now. I'm gonna tell you what's uncomfortable about Kat Williams. Can I tell you? Sure, go ahead. I gotta tell you, man.


Oh man. Oh shit. I'm swear. This is what happened. Black and greasy and shit. Makeup, makeup shit. Okay, anyway, I don't need no makeup now. Cat Williams, Jesus, did he break the internet? Oh God, I I nigga still ain't recovering. You know what? You know what his name is to me? His name is Prophet Williams. Prophet cat Williams Man's a prophet. My God, my God, my God, my God, my God.


The littlest prophet you'll ever see. But he's a prophet. He's a prophet. Now the wildest thing is this, before y'all, I hear you whispering. I'm sorry, I I love y'all. My a DD is real. A whisperer is like a microphone. Boom right here. Like the Cat Williams thing was so crazy for all of us to see. I must have watched that full interview four times. Go watch it again, please. I I will then. Because I know I know them. I know them.


Air, Force ones you got on is two hours old. Them motherfucker. Hey, he got the box over there. Oh shit. Anyway, Kat Williams killed us all with all that he said and talked about and exposed, allegedly yes. About everything and everybody. But the wildest thing is we not black people, all people we have gotten so used to the lie.


The truth is uncomfortable. He spoke his truth. Yes. He didn't speak my truth. He didn't speak your truth. He spoke his truth. So we clear. Yes. I'm not saying the Kat told the truth, right? And I'm not being politically correct. If I wanted to go at anybody that Kat Williams went at, I'll do it right because I'm crazy and I speak my mind. Right. Kat did a great job of exposing all that he wanted to expose during his interview. He spoke his truth. He shed light on things that he wanted to talk about and address and then everything else that happened followed.


See, we live in a world right now where you fell in love with David Copperfield. You fell in love with the smoke. You are fell in love with who people appear to be. You know what the fuck a magician is? They got hand movement, Slide of hands, More smoke, smoke. They don't want you to see the truth. They don't want to expose what's actually being said. What's actually being done, what's actually going on. And so the world has gotten used to the lie.


So the truth goes viral couples goes, won't be couples goals if them niggas upload them arguing every goddamn day. Right? Why are they couple goals? Because you put a filter on it. You didn't cut and paste it. You didn't grab the ribbon and bought that motherfucker Hermas bags and she didn't deserve, You just met this nigga. Fuck you bought 12 Hermes bags for the Birkin with the Gator shit. A hundred, 200, $300,000 for that thing thing. Got them. You just got this nigga, you just met her last week. You just sent her a dm.


What are you doing? You are insecure and you're buying too much shit trying to impress somebody, but what you're doing for them because you know they don't feel that way about you. So you're trying to purchase your way into feelings. And then you put the shit up on Instagram and you got everybody believing that the love is the love. But you have purchased your way into the love. That nigga don't feel that way about you. That's uncomfortable. So you put a filter on it, you edit it, you cut and paste it, and then you living in it. You've been living the life for so goddamn long. You believe your own lie. You've been telling that same lie over lunches and dinner sitting across from other couples.


They're real. Your shit is fake. Y'all niggas argued all the way to the restaurant and all the way home. You're sleeping in two different rooms. When you gonna upload that? When you gonna upload the fact that I love you, but I don't like you. When they gonna put that out there, they not going to do it. Because the concept of couples goals is way more sexy than niggas knowing. I hate your goddamn guts. Wow. You understand me? I do. Okay, so Kat Williams went viral. Well why they get mad at me? For what Kat said, Kat Said it 'cause it's your platform. Motherfucker.


What that card say? But here's the thing. Lemme see the card. No, hell no. Lemme see the ass she ass card. Remember, remember I told, remember I told you said thank you. You ain't even send me no questions. I didn't know Kat was gonna say I asked a question. Man, you ain't do nothing wrong but create the platform And I don't post nothing about my social life 'cause I ain't got one. That's why you came here asked you. Yeah. See if you had, you think, You think she let me come out the house As you if you that that's, that's Brett's fault though. Yes, sir. Who's that? Brett. Okay, well, you know, listen, you ain't doing nothing wrong. You ain't doing nothing wrong. Anybody who called you text, you jumped in, your comments came at you about what Kat Williams said on your platform.


They out there goddamn damn mind. You just showed up black and ashy nigga and provided you provided the platform, you ain't got a fucking thing to do or what? Anybody's gonna sit here and say, I didn't know what your question was gonna be on your ashy cards. No you didn't. Okay. So guess what? Whatever it is that I'm saying here, whatever topics I'm going into, whatever I'm unpacking, we just sitting there shooting the shit chilling. Right? And, and, and so listen, anybody else who come on here trying to explain or clarify or overexplain anything that, that Kat accused them of or said or did or exposed? Man, listen bro, that, that, that's life. You know, at the end of the day, if you didn't say it and you didn't do it well, you feel the need to explain it, move the fuck on.


Ain't nobody, anybody who love you gonna still love you. Correct. Rather somebody try and expose something or shed light on something or not. Come on man. We, we do this shit every single day, bro. All you gotta understand is I've lost a lot of sleep right. Over accusations and things that people have said about me coming at me, whatever else as well. There's gonna be people in the comments. Now, should y'all hate ashy black because of what I said as ashy, co ashy. Are y'all going to hate ashy and co ashy because of what we sitting there talking about? That's not right, man. Because listen, ashy Black was a character in Hus and Flow.


That was Luter Luter came today with acting. I didn't know that. I think was that his character? That's My brother. I didn't know that. No, that was in, in the movie Hustle and Flow. I didn't know that. Yeah, that's a John Singleton Craig Brewer film. You know Memphis, Tennessee? Yes sir. But I didn't, I didn't know that that was his name. It was Ashley Black, black, but Whyy Black. Why? Why was he, why was he, why was he Asy it might be crunchy black. He like, he like skinned crunchy black. He light-skinned. He ain't Ashley Ludacris ain't Even, but you got it. I mean, look, I ain the rappers get names. They like how you come up with that name? I mean, Ashley is normally our community. Yeah. You know, I ain't never wore sunblock in my life. I don't Ashley, You What I do You wear sunblock?


I have to, You hanging around way too many white people. Nah, I with blister my nose, man. I done blistered my nose. That is a big ass nose. That sun has a long, big motherfucking landing strip. See, I, I don't, I ain't got no white people nose. That's A, that Hey nigga, listen as we're sitting here, I need to be very, very careful with how deep I inhale because you taken up the goddamn ass. I'm sitting here like this nigga look, go ahead. Ask the question. Ask me a question. Wait, I'm over there like this. Look. Wait, Hold on, hold On. Go down your way. Wait, wait. Ask me a quick go ahead Baby boy.


Man, you act, make it seem like we on the elevator, And, we stuck in the elevator but so much oxygen before they get us, before they get side of here. You Don't, you don't see the carpet moving when you inhale Shannon Inhales, nigga. Look, God damn. Anyway. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you, I understand. But look, just put sunblock on your nose, man. Don't put it on your face. It's okay with, with getting darker. See, I'm actually jealous of Acon, huh? Yeah, I'm jealous. I I get around that black motherfucker all the time. I be like, oh, I'm so mad at how much darker he is than me. He's, he's like, blurple black and purple. It is him. And speaking of Luda Ludacris manager, Shaka Zulu let show you the running joke.


And, and his name was Skinny Black. Skinny Black. That was skinny black. See, I knew it was something black. Let me, let me give y'all the running joke and, and to all the dark skinned folks out there, I'm gonna give y'all one comedians, if y'all upload this, I'm gonna come back on Shannon's show and I'm gonna say, you stole my shit, motherfucker. You need to gimme 10% of your show that you made that night. So here's the running joke with me, ACON and Shaka Zulu. Okay? Okay. The baby pictures. You see the baby pictures? Oh man, they double the black screen.


Look, hey man, hey boy, you, well, you got some beauty, you got to got some good baby pictures on there, man. Black ad you can't see nothing. Okay? So this, that's, that's, that's, that's what it is, man. You know, IIII love, I love being in this skin and I love my life and I don't lose sleep over nobody else's gift. And then I, I'm, I'm gonna say this, man, you know, I wish everybody well man, I, I like listen. Here, here, here's a, here's a twist on jealousy and black culture. And this, ooh, this, this going to be controversial, but I'm gonna say it.


Would you agree or disagree that physically on earth there's more black people than the overall Jewish community? Yes or no? Talking about if you were born and raised Jewish, are there more physical people, a part of the Jewish community than the overall black community In numbers, yes or no? I would probably say there's probably more black when you look at a, the continent of Africa. Yeah, the Whole world. Yeah. I would say yes. Yes. See, they got their shit together.


Community working with each other, doing dinners every Friday, putting the phones down and discussing the chess moves in the play. See us as black people, we're fragmented. You can't do nothing fragmented. Can't do nothing. Jealous and envious. Now, this is not gonna go viral because I got a Jewish daughter. So relax Latinos, the la the Latin community, they don't move as a fragmented race and culture. That's why they own everything. That's why they buying up all of the businesses, the Asian community, they don't move as a fragmented culture.


That's why they buying up everything. Now. White people got that same blueprint, and yet this is what's scary. Boys and girls, we are the most powerful influential race period. Not by net worth, not by politics, culture. You know, how many things has been done to us to beat the shit out of this smile? And I'm still smiling. The resilience of black culture after every attempt to kill and literally get rid of us, wipe us off the face of the fucking earth.


And, we still smiling, stealing the videos, dancing, still influencing what they're wearing, what they're doing, what they're, what they're what the direction that they're deciding to move in. We not watching them the way they watching us, but they got they shit together. So they always gonna win. Why we mad though? Don't, don't keep talking about the Jewish community. Be inspired by what happens when they link up. What You mad at? Get some, have you ever won a Super Bowl by yourself, Shannon?


No. Have you ever won a game by yourself? No. No. All black people on the same NFL team, right? I mean, Sometimes I felt like I'm playing by myself. Yeah, I understand. I just can't die. But it was still about 17 of y'all days on that line, even though you was the, the star. Okay? I I ain't really watched sports since Emmett Smith. I I, I'm old nigga. I go back, I ain't watched TV since Martin. Yeah. And I ain't watched sports really since Emmett Smith and Bo Jackson and Nolan Ryan. Like I go back to, to when I was really into sports, I, I fell off at some point.


Kobe got me and, and I love LeBron. You know, that's my little sports. I ain't looking for no sports credibility in front of a sports legend. But just letting y'all know, like it takes a team that the world you come from, which is interesting, similar to my world, but very different. You have white ownership. They're standing on a united front. Now, keep in mind before y'all get all worked, I don't have a racist bone in my body. I'm trying to tell y'all some uncomfortable truths. And these truths might be uncomfortable 'cause you like who? The man I'm talking to you. Goofy ass, fragmented ass person.


Okay? The NFL own all the teams, the NFL own, the NBA. But we as black culture are running up and down that basketball court. And once we get our shit together, we win championships, we get the rings, we get to come home with the gold from the Olympics. We didn't pay for our salaries. We don't own the, the planes that the teams are being transported on. We don't own the arenas or the, the, the stadiums. But if we as black culture, which take up the majority of black sports, if we were fragmented, we wouldn't win shit.


So we come together And, we, we, we, we get on the same. We huddle, we talk, we practice Shannon. Yeah, we create the algorithm And, we kill everything in its path for those teams.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours. If you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally ironing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from the Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal in the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six any year, any condition the deal's so good, it will have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down to street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at t connecting changes everything requires trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z series. Smartphone limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See at.com/samsung or visit an at t store for details


That win the championship, that win the Super Bowl. There's a lot of white people on these teams as well, but we take up the majority. How? And yet we are the minority. We are the majority. Yeah, but we're the minority. So how, how? I'm asking you all the agents, all the managers, all the lawyers in Hollywood, all the heads of all of the studios don't keep attacking Jewish people 'cause they got their shit together. Man. Don't all the press, the media, the news outlets and all that that everybody's got this big, big problem with, they own it, they run it, they operate it, they control it, whatever that might be.


What's the problem? You mad at? You mad at a community of people that got their shit together. You had your shit together on the football field. That's why y'all won the days. Y'all didn't have y'all shit together. You lost, you never won one single game by your team. You might, you might've ran the most yards, you might've gotten the most touch there. You might've, you might've took over all the highlight reels but you was still on that football team with your whole squad. Would you agree? I'd agree. Okay, so guess what? Go out there and try and fly solo all you want. You ain't gonna get shit. So why get mad at them for having their shit together? How do we comm convince our community to stop this snip sniping?


Because someone might have more than you. That doesn't necessarily mean they think they're better than you. And so that's Jealousy ain't gonna go away anytime so well Then how do we win Tyrese? Well We win by doing interviews like this to point out the obvious because you don't know what you don't know. You don't know that you've lost way too much sleep over somebody else's dream. What the fuck is the problem? This is Club Shehe. If you want to be club taytay nigga, go figure it out. You wanna be club Ray, Ray? You want to be something that's got to be something.


Go figure that shit out. Shea, I love you. I just met you. Right, right. Hear me As a black man talking to a black man, there is literally, this is gonna make some of y'all so uncomfortable. There is literally nothing about your success, your handsome, your muscles, your career, anything that you're doing. There is nothing about who you are, what you've done, what you've achieved, and what what God is doing has done and about to do that will ever have me losing sleep at night my brother. Nor should it. It does for a lot of people Because my thing is Tyree, that's why they in your comments, talking shit about your life, they want them Cat Williams numbers so bad.


That's what it's, they want them numbers. Even your racist ass old co-host, whoever he is, where is he? You got that oil on you bro. That oil is uncomfortable. She, But lemme ask you this and That orange backpack, but you know You like that. You like that you happy? But let somebody else put that orange ugly. That bag is ugly by the way. No it ain't that. Well actually it's all right. Yeah, but let somebody else put that thing on. They not gonna go viral unless somebody else Fat Joe. Fat Joe got fat Joe had it on two chains. Got it. Okay. There are a lot of guys. Got it. That's right. Andon dig got One.


And there's a lot of niggas that interviewed Kat Williams before you and a lot of niggas tried to milk. Oh, y'all don't want me to say that shit. Why did y'all interview Kat Williams after Shaha? Y'all want them numbers but y'all not gonna get them numbers. That shit is uncomfortable. If it's about an interview and him being raw and unfiltered and telling people how he feel about what he see and what he feel and what his truth is. Why didn't nobody else do the numbers? Because they ain't got, they, they ain't got that oil on them.


They name ain't Shannon and them niggas definitely ain't sharp. I'm gonna walk out of this. Come on man. I ibel. I believe it because I Believe so. So now, now you Oprah. No, no, I'm sorry Oprah with a you Oprah. Because here's the thing. Why You doing Oprah numbers, Shannon? Because God, why? Why Gail King ain't doing these numbers after she interviewed Kat Oil favor ain't fair my brother. You can't explain it Shannon. I can't. I can't. It's the timing. It's the oil, it's the favor.


It's the specific hand that's on your life. If they keep losing sleep over my gifts, motherfucker, you never gonna wake up. So in other words, them trying to be successful while trying to make me unsuccessful because they didn't put me In the, it's gonna keep thrusting you. Your haters will become your congratulations and the most stones they throw at your ass, your mansion gonna get bigger. That private plane. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Nah, apply Now. You ain't got a private yo. No, it's coming. No, I'm, You might not be interested. Okay, I'm gonna speak. I want a private plane.


Okay, there you go. In the Tongue, you might not be interested. I'm tired of niggas recognizing me walking through the airport. I'm tired of wearing masks and having to hide. I'm tired of these motherfuckers canceling flights and I wanna know my pilot bys first name. I wanna send a nigga some gifts 'cause I like him. Yeah, Well you better go get Delta one of private suites. No man, fuck that. I want my own plane and it's coming. And if they lose their sleep rather my cars at least or I own them, they gonna keep losing sleep over this oil over my life. When you get that private plane, can I hit your ride back there LA? Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. I got you. 'cause we about to do some numbers.


Okay. You Under dig me? I know what this is. Tyrese. I read what you said. Terrence Howard took a lot of your roles because he's light skinned. Oh, here you go. Like man with green eyes. Here you go with some controversy. That's bullshit. What brought he take from you? That's a misunderstanding. And you about now you now this is algorithm. Shannon, You said it. I'm sharp as a motherfucker. Nail moving on you. I never said that. You twisted my words. Okay up. I got no problem with that light-skinned man. I ain't clearing up shit because I'm not talking about that black man. And I don't want my words to be twisted and misunderstood. That man did not take one role from me. I said specifically that long before it was cool to be blue, black in Hollywood.


Yes. Everybody life skinned or on the spectrum Yes. Had way more opportunities going towards them than us. Yeah. Life skinned used To be in, I never said he took one specific role for me. They never said Tyrese or Terrance. They twisted my word. You just didn't you just sit here talking about niggas twisted words? No, I say they lied. I ain't no twisting word. They lied. They Lied about What? Me. Oh, okay. Oh, he only likes this. Oh, he did that. Somebody said, well who is that? Somebody that's been in my circle. I don't know. Bucket ain't Said it. Who is bucket? My homeboy over there for 40 years. What's up bugger. What up man, my nigga. So that's the thing, but that's the thing.


The line. You said something very interesting. You said dating publicly. You put all this stuff on social media. If you had to do it over again, would you put, would you live your life publicly on social media? Absolutely. I don't live in regret bro. You have no regret. None. Hmm? None. No sir. Whatever this life wants to dish out on me, it prunes me into something else. When it fucks me up, It Ch changes me into something.


It it, ah, I don't like problems. But what was I supposed to learn from this problem? I don't like being broke. But do you have a problem? See some niggas think I wanted to sing and become successful and get out the hood. I became successful because I was tired of feeling stuck, broke, lonely, fucked up. My mama made us play retarded bro. And go to the social security building to get social security checks. Man, you been scheming a long time. Tyree. Damn. My mama have No, ain't no mama. You flooded the house. You ran in the building.


You pretended like you was in the same classroom. K through 12 had two naps. No offense, the word retarded that kind of just slipped out. It flowed out. I'm sorry that, that my mama made us, made the made them people believed that I was on the spectrum. And. we, we, we started collecting insurance money every month and, and me and my brother, we both, that was my first performance. That was my first motherfucker role. Shit, I got that bag. My mama. Hey my, hey, my mama gave me, that was the first high five she ever gave me. You played the shit outta that Role man. You went the people office walking backwards. What happened? You, You you went the people office walking backwards, man, Tyree, you been acting, you been acting for 45 years, man.


Damn. Ah, That hey, That's funny as hell because That's a visual. You fucked up if You walking backwards, nigga that that's another level. God damn nigga you walking in reverse. You, you Committed. Let me ask you this. Oh Shit, Social media. Yeah sir. Is it more of a, a help or detriment to society? What do you think? It's, It's beautiful man. It's beautiful social media, How you use it. Beautiful. It is beautiful because you still have the choice. No one has taken the choice away from you to upload your life as often as you upload it. My brother, I don't need to know what hotel you staying at.


If you want me to know, put the shit up on your Instagram. I don't need to know what you're doing, who you're fucking, what you eating, where you're going, what event you got coming up now. Come on man. Look at the success that you've had. You wouldn't have had it without the pivots and without going viral, without social media, without people. And then that's gonna come with people talking good, bad creating. You got whole YouTube videos online right now and you got niggas out here that have convinced a lot of people of a lot of shit about you that you, you are waking up to. Like, nigga, if I didn't know me, I would believe that shit.


Now I know this nigga because I've woken up to court documents and baby mamas and I'm reading that shit like, nigga, if, if I didn't know what the fuck actually happened, nigga, this shit sound believable as a motherfucker. And then it leaks on TMZ because court documents is public. And now I gotta go the next six months trying to get niggas to believe the truth when the lie will always get more traction. The lie is always more popular. You know what, if you don't think, if, if you think I'm playing, I might announce it early. If you think I'm playing the day before you air this interview, I'm gonna tell niggas me and you got in a fight.


Fuck that nigga. You know that's gonna go, you know, that's going Viral. It's fucking right because the lie will always be more popular than the truth, bro. Listen, listen man, I, I've been, I've been telling people, man, women with all due respect, I, I'm not misogynistic when I say this. I'm not some condescending man. Listen man, all these women out here that are singing are trying to convince everybody in the world that they hate men. They don't need a man, they don't want a man, they don't desire a man. And that they, they, they, they can do bad all by themselves.


Nobody wants to go home. Here's the memo. And I want the word do me a favor, editor. Whoever the editor, what's your editor name? Well, CJ company handles that CJ again, okay. Okay. That that sound fancy. Okay. Okay. So, so, so look, whoever your editor is, I want you to put the bouncing ball under this. Okay? Here's a memo to all of the beautiful women in the world. Rather you've been celebrate five, 10 years rather. You have seen other women go through divorces or you've been through a divorce yourself. Here's the bouncing ball that I want them to add in post-production. No body needs to to go home to a poodle and a vibrator.


Nobody needs to be alone. Nobody should be alone. This concept of being alone is bullshit because most of your favorite female singers that are out here singing this song are going home to their man, their fiance or their husband rather. You know it or not, that's on you. You believe that toxic ass shit. That's why you're filling up the arenas with it. Nobody wants to be alone, sir. No man. This is biblical companionship. Look it up. Non-biblical people. So I was not devastated when my divorce ended because I wanted someone or something to be with me.


I got married because I wanted to do it for the rest of my life Because I loved the way I felt and what I had in my marriage and my family. It became a world within a world. Within a world. And it was a world that I had never experienced prior to that honeymoon. Love, beauty, magic, everything. My brother fucking up there with the care bears floating, bro. My god. Some shit that It was everything you, everything that you thought it would Be. I'm saying some shit right now that's so foreign. Like what, what, what, what, what, what he say if you get rid the vibrator and the poodle, you'll understand what I'm talking about.


Okay? Marriage. Some other, other, other shit. My brother. Oh my. Don't get it fucked up. She could leave me all she wants. I was devastated and crushed. Specifically I let God down. You see, I didn't promise her anything. But you can't, but you can't make somebody stay where they don't want to be. Father God, I love you and I trust you. Yeah. Through thick and thin sickness and health. For better, for worse till death.


Do his part along with all the other word. That's not God's opinion. That is the word of God. I gave God my word and neither one of us are dead. So where the fuck are you at? See, I'm thinking that what's gonna happen, karma was she left me. Yes. And this is not a narcissist saying you should have stayed with somebody that you didn't want to stay with regardless of being married or not. That's that toxic ass narrative for all of that community. You think your grandparents are celebrating 50 years of marriage because your grandfather never cheated on her.


Nigga, stop playing. Wasn't your grandmamma going to tell you grandbaby how many times your grandfather was a rolling stone smashing everything in the neighborhood. This was prior to social media. We gonna celebrate 60 years of marriage and not tell people how you were able to get through all of that. Your wife was down to 80 pounds after she had to go through chemotherapy and all of those random sicknesses. You stayed Money up, money down, you stayed.


Are we loyal? Are we loyal to the net worth motherfucker? 'cause the net worth is gonna change. I am going to be up. I'm going to be down. That, that, that doesn't change what we promised God. So you gotta understand what you don't understand for the people watching. Now the married folks at home hallelu, they gonna be screaming and hooping and holler 'cause they know it ain't easy to be married. Nope. And they also understand the magic and the beauty of marriage in itself. And I never understood that until Rev run became my best friend.


I had never consistently key word boys and girls. I had never consistently ever been around a married man prior to Rev run. To understand what marriage, wife, family. It ain't arguing. It's how do you argue? You see that? That's, that's the difference. Everybody gonna argue with two random people that don't know each other. Your family ain't got nothing to do with my family. Your triggers ain't got nothing to do with my, your upbringing ain't got nothing to do. We hope And, we pray that a lot of who we are align. But when they don't, we gonna argue about it.


The question is how are you arguing? What are you arguing about? How are you arguing? Here's the question. And married folks understand. We've been married for five years. Let me just ask you exact because I I I love to ask questions sometimes. Sure. Before I make a point, if you drove the same car without putting gas in it, doing a oil change ever getting the carburetor or anything that has to do with your car for five straight years, what would happen? Well, I'm gonna run outta gas before that five years.


So I ain't gonna be able to go. Okay. But obviously you have to do certain things'. Say let's say electric car. Yeah. That, that, that gets you. But you gotta get a service. Let's, let's go, let's go 20, 25, right? Yeah. If you have an electric car that gets recharged without you ever having to plug up, will you be able to be in this physical car for five straight years without getting something done? No. You gotta get tires changed. You gotta get the brake pads, right? Plugs. Yeah. Okay. That's what marriage is. It is a work in progress and everybody on Instagram, what's fucked up is y'all are robbing people of knowing how challenging marriages are because you ain't uploading the challenges.


You just uploading all the glossy happy shit. Yeah. You want to be couples goals. You be couples, goals all you want. 'cause people are still gonna be inspired by you even if they know how challenging your marriage has been. But most of the people will never know. I ain't talked to my wife in three weeks because we keep arguing about this shit and I'm fucking exhausted and yeah, we live in the same house, but she over there and I'm over there. We don't eat together. We don't talk together. We ain't touch each other. We ain't flirting, we ain't together. We ain't this and that, that ain't me. I'm talking about people. Yeah. We'll never upload that. So what they upload is when they finally start getting along again.


So that makes the whole world believe The lie. They've been happy all this time. The lie, it is more important than people telling the truth. Now the truth is uncomfortable. Nobody is as open as me. You know this, this is why my manager don't like doing interviews like this 'cause oh shit. You gonna be too honest. He Gonna, I'm, I'm always, you know, that's why, that's why I I do what I do. I post the way I post, I live my life. You can, you can Google it for for the lifetime of you. I have always been a man who prides himself in walking, living, and breathing.


Not the truth. The truth is your perception of what the truth is. My truth, I will never play victim. I will never lie. I will never make sure that you like me versus like her or like them because they gonna steal. They gonna like who they like goofy ass nigga. You could write the longest caption in the world. They gonna still fuck with who they fuck with. You'll never be able to get your worst enemy to ever not be an enemy. You can have veins coming out your neck, the biggest voice ever. They ain't fucking with you bro. Are you okay with that? And? if you want everybody to like you Shannon, be ice cream.


I don't know too many niggas who got a problem with ice cream. I know they trying to go dairy. Yeah. Like they're trying to go eco-friendly on the ice cream. A nigga ain't nothing like some motherfucker dairy in the ice cream. You, you mentioned that when you got married you was like, this is forever. You made a promise before God. Yeah. When your divo when your marriage ended, was that the most pain you'd ever felt? Yes. 'cause nobody has ever mattered and I've never allowed anyone to matter as much as my marriage mattered. I've also, I've also never gave anyone so much of myself ever. And I know you hear a lot of women say that, but us as men, I wanna just, oh, this is gonna be controversial.


I had to say it to all the ladies. You've been, you've been ready to get married since elementary. Us as men, our penis belongs to everybody. And that's what we get love for. That's what we get respect for. That's what the homies love you in the locker room for. Because we out here going big and, and our numbers that we putting up on the board and who we smashed and how many we smashed and how often we smashed and and how many we smashing at one time. We get love for that. Women call women hoes. We ain't gotta do it. When you overly promiscuous women attack women.


I ain't finna attack you because you knocked down five last week. 'cause you hot in these Shannon sharp streets. Fuck you mean I see black ass OCHO sitting over here. That's my nigga right there. Ocho been hot in these motherfucking streets just like me nigga. Dark skinned community knocking them down. Yeah. And I'm sure we done knocked down a couple of 'em that we knew together. That's what I'm talking about. How you losing sleep over with another man out here doing that 50-year-old nigga still in the club for a reason. He ain't done. He trying to knock him down. He trying to knock down every bad bitch on human feet. That's the narrative. Now y'all are ready to get married because you've been sold on the dream, you've been sold on the fantasy.


You've been sold on the white picket fence and the horse and finding your man's man and riding to the motherfucking sunset. That is the fantasy. That is the Disney picture. Find any real men as a kid is sitting up watching Cinderella movies. No fucking Cinderella movie on my TV when I was in the hood. Nigga shit. Which means I was robbed of the fantasy. They ain't no Prince Charming on my tv. I wasn't watching them cartoons. I'm watching He Man. We'll get you out on this co-parenting. How difficult is it to Co Wait hold on. If we about to wrap up. Yeah. I want to talk about beautiful pain. Okay, well let's Talk about it then.


Yeah. Please get to beautiful pain with all these old niggas y'all got watching this show. They gonna have to buy this grown ass album. Fucked You. You got the cover? You wanna get the cover, Huh? What happened? No. You praise to God. Yeah, we gonna get into that. Let's go. Beautiful Pain on. Thank you my brother. See that's my childhood homie from eight years old right there. Yeah. Clutch. What's up yada? No, you wanna show it? Yeah. Okay. My boy Kenyata man. Kenyata. No, we, I want, we'll talk about it. Okay. You edit this out. Okay. I wanna talk about it and then I'm gonna make it seem like I'm putting the first physical copy of my album in your hand. Okay. Now don't show the back. Okay. Because it's a mockup. Okay. And then I want you to also do me a you would bless my life 'cause I'm independent.


So all this shit matters. Okay. Shehe do numbers. Got We, we do crazy numbers. Shehe do numbers. Yeah. Okay. So when I


Philadelphia, cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15, that's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com


Give you this, my brother here is your first movie role for me. I'm gonna give you this. Okay? And then I want you to not show the back 'cause that don't say Tyrese or nothing on it. And then, and then I'm gonna say, do me a favor, man. Grab, grab the out and pull it out and then give me a beautiful reaction because you know that's, that's, that is red. I've never seen that before. It's beautiful. So I'm, I'm releasing this double vinyl produced by David Foster, which is B David Foster, the bugging David Foster. Yeah. So, so David Foster is 20 songs total. It's about love, life, divorce, and all the above. So I just, if we can, if we type for time, I just wanna, I just wanna wrap this all up.


Yeah. Talking about the most important album I've ever done in my life. Especially pivoting off of the marital conversation that we just had. So we good? Anybody wanna walk out? Y'all? Okay. Okay. Alright. So, so I I, we gonna go edit Mr. Editor. We gonna pick up from a 3, 2, 1, so I can close out my marital thought and the whole Cinderella thing. I wanna close that out and then I want to pivot into the beautiful pain. Come, if you don't mind. I No problem. Especially if they wanna wrap me up. I'm gonna wrap this up and sell them. Mother. That's you mother records. We do, we do it. Oh, we going, we going use these numbers. You know what I'm talking about. Okay. So truth is nobody should be alone.


Okay? And I think what is so confusing about this, this, this concept and oh God. Oh man. Oh, this is gonna be so bad. Shit. Oh God. This is, this is, this is so bad. But it's true. You wasn't healed before you got married. Hmm? You wasn't healed before your boyfriend, before your girlfriend. You wasn't healed before you got engaged. You are not healed. Even if you've been married for 20 years.


How many times has your wife wiped your tears married men? How many times has your wife wiped your tears? When you start talking about your childhood traumas? Why are you married? If you're not supposed to be married until you're healed, do yourself a favor and, and do some therapy. And understand that it's not in everybody's cards to be alone. Don't independence your way into loneliness. And because you're alone doesn't mean you're lonely.


Right? 'cause people do really well about themselves. I love being alone. I love spending time alone when it comes to me having some in my life, I understand specifically the value and companionship. That man that's at your job flirting with you every day. Why you won't let him take you to lunch and dinner. That don't mean you gotta give him some pussy. You're an adult. Right? You know how to say no. A man can be in hot pursuit of you for six months before you finally have sex with him. Because that's what adults do, right? We're we're adults. So I as a man who had been out dirt diggler, living my best life like most men, okay?


We are not ready to get married. Not all that. I don't wanna generalize. Women are always ready to get married. They've been ready to get married since Cinderella. Us as men are not ready to get married. And nothing about the concept of us getting married is introduced to any of us. Because that's not our narrative. That's not our dialogue. That's not the sensitivities. In and around the locker room talk, the r and b talk, the hip hop talk, it's knock 'em down every single, they knock 'em down, knock 'em down, red run, Jay-Z, they all normalized Hip hop marriage, Introduced it. Fat Joe.


Keep going. It's, there's a, there's a few DJ Khaled, they've all normalized the energy in and around being a hip hop rapper and literally being about family and marriage. I wanna say, I could be wrong, but Rev Rum was one of the first. Yes. Okay. Long before we fell in love with Bill Cosby. I'm not talking about what he's accused of or what he dealt with or dealing with. Rev Run slapped that collar on and he said to the whole world, this is what real love looks like. Not the records I sold, not the hip hop and not the arenas I'm selling out and not how much I mean to you rappers.


True wealth is this right here. Jay-Z understands that Beyonce understands that. That's what I am proud to say. I attempted and I went all out. So everything about my marriage ending, it was devastating for me because like most men, we go above and beyond to keep living our best life and partially committing to everything and everybody we're giving it all away, right? And everything about the love and the props that we get from giving it all away. It's us being men.


Like you can't be mad at me that me and all my niggas normalize getting this pussy. You can't be mad at me that we up in here giving each other high fives and talking about, you know, it, it, it. And the thing is, sometime we can get jealous, right? Yeah. But for the most part, if me and you knock down the same cheerleader, And, we playing on the same team. Nigga we gonna talk about it nigga. This sheet. Yeah. Cheerleaders was off limits to us. We couldn't mess with the cheerleaders. Shannon. If you don't get the fuck outta here, I'm Just saying we could, we could Tyrese. I'm just saying. Wait, hold on. We are past the, what is the statue limit? Nigga, you better bring that motherfucking glass over and stop playing with me.


Cheerleaders is off lip. Who the you talking to? I tell you what I tell you politically correct was a person in a great T-shirt. God, we are past a statute of limitation. No one is hiring you to play on any teams, nigga. You going to be all right. Alright. Know you and Ocho that knocked down a cover, nigga? Nah, I'm way older than Ocho Ocho about to get married. So, you know, o I'm talking about OCHO pass. I'm not talking about his current, all right? I'm talking about ain't way hell nigga, we out here not knocking down them cheerleader you looking at them leg muscles every day, dude, fuck you talking about. Kill. Anyway. The, the, the, the, the, the, the thing is us as men, they say men are from men, women from all this old different, you know, listen man, truth be told.


The reason why hear me, thank you Jesus. The reason why, in my opinion this is my truth. The reason why everything about us getting married is always so much harder if it comes to an end, is because most of us as men, we are wired to never do that. They've been ready to do it since they was two. Bruh. We are wired to never commit that. That's uncomfortable. You Are with a man, You are married to a man right now who might not be thinking about you when he has sex with you.


Damn. Because we are wired to be thinking about all of them. What Does she ain't thinking about Him and all. What happened? What does she ain't thinking about him? I'm sure she ain't. Especially if the nigga wears size three. Especially if the nigga wears size three. Alright, listen, Tyrese, you Got slide. You sed outta the chair. No, No, no, no. Listen man, listen man, I'm not gonna put this all on the man. I'm just letting you know that we are wired very, very differently. My brother we're very different. And so me getting married, I had to push through a lot as a man. Like most men, we are married And.


we are literally in disbelief that we made that decision. Yeah. Unless you grew up in a house where you're around somebody like me, like rev run, right? Where they've normalized the talk, the energy, the dialogue, and the vibrations of this is what you want to be and this is what you ultimately want to get to. Yeah, that is not normal. My brother, most of us are single. Most of us grew up in single household with single mothers and single, single, single. So where does commitment, companionship, engagement, and marriage come in? Single mother, single this single that singular solo flying alone. Me my and then you are spreading yourself out to everything and everybody.


So at the end of the day, yes, beautiful pain. Lemme get the album. Lemme see the album. Oh, show the cover. What if I told you this is the first physical copy? I would let that, that's unbelievable that it's on Club Shaha. I got the first physical copy. It's the first copy. Lemme say it. Lemme lemme, lemme hold it. Let me do This. I just gave you my heart. Okay? That's my heart on that album. Look At this. Can y'all see this? No, but this is what makes it special. Look at this. Oh, mm mm You see that cover? You see That cover?


I see a flower. I see a heart that's shattered Beautifully broken In a in a thousand pieces. That's what happens. What's on this album. That's what happens when a man finally says, yeah, this is what happens when a woman finally says yes, says yes to Merit, says yes to commitment, says yes to taking the full journey, says yes to kids. That album has 20 songs on it. All of the vulnerabilities, all of the things that most men are very uncomfortable with singing about, talking about. See, they attack us for not speaking and not communicating. And then when you do talk, you get attacked for that too.


I put it all on that album. We got songs on that album where I'm posing questions like, I know you filed for divorce. I know I'm still over here fucked up about it. 'cause the healing journey, it's never ending. If Bishop TD Jakes soul knows Jesus Christ, he should be in heaven by now. We are all still in the process of figuring it out. You can quote 500 scriptures from the Bible, but if you know Jesus better than Jesus, then you might as well go on home. It is a never ending journey to heal.


It is a never ending journey to keep pushing through the stuff and hoping that you can find a smile at the end of that rainbow. That is the most important thing I've ever done. And I can tell you right now, I finished it. It's coming out on Friday, August 30th. I'm dropping this album on the same day that I'm dropping 1992. The movie. And I have never done This is me. I've never done anything more important in my life. Like I can't believe it's mine, can't believe these are my feelings, my sentiments, my vulnerabilities.


If you ask me, I have, where's my red beanie at? 'cause somebody get my red beanie. 'cause I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta go ahead and remind y'all. So first of all, if y'all ask why I got on a red beanie, black and gold motherfucker, zoom in on that right there. You know what I'm talking about? The swag is up. You know, black folks gotta coordinate. Anyway, so I was saying that if you ask me and my brother, I've been living in the year 1968 for the last three years working on that right there. Okay? Now this might sound strange, but I'm gonna tell you how real this is for me. I'm a very specific and visual person.


The clubs that I've been to have been crazy. You wanna know who's been in my section? Yo Marvin Gaye, man. He said some shit last night that was so cra we was at, we was at the table dying, laughing. Marvin funny as a motherfucker, man, he crazy. Donnie Hathaway pulled up last night, man. Billy Holiday. Frankie Beverly and Maze Luther was there. Michael Jackson was there. Still can't believe they let that little nigga in the club. He still looks like a kid. You see, you did you, did you see the pivot? That's where I've been in my mind.


I don't even know who the fuck Lil Taytay is. I don't know nothing about no YouTube. I don't know nothing about iTunes. I don't know nothing about nothing. I have been in the world of beautiful pain tapping into songs in the Key of life and all of the icons and legends that my mama rest in peace r and b, soul music and my house was the soundtrack to her alcoholism Shit. Yeah, I love r and b soul music, but all these RB niggas from that era had my mama drunk as a motherfucker.


I don't even think my mama would've drunk as much as she drunk on her own. If she had just sat there and said, let me just have a couple. But you put that thing on and that background, that Marvin Gaye, that Teddy Pendergrass, that Luther the ojs, Donnie Hathaway, the soundtrack of your addiction. That's where my brain was at. And that's why Beautiful Pain produced by my brother Brandon Bam Hodge, an executive produced by someone who came outta retirement to do this. David Foster. Wow. Let me give you a couple names that's gonna put the kids, can we put the kids sleep real quick?


Sure. Elder Barge. Wow. Lenny Kravitz, Kenny G. Oh, they definitely gonna go to sleep. Now Kenny G is on the album. Tamar Braxton. Every song on this album is live, live strings. Now here's the thing, I got songs on this album that's almost eight minutes long. Did them niggas tell Luther Vandross to descend in a radio edit? You know, you know Luther Vandross has songs that had like four minute intros before the verse stopped. I want Tell you, baby, the chances I've been going through missing you.


I ran outta breath because of your nose, nigga. You come back to me. I don't shit. I don't shit. I'm just playing. Anyway. Anyway, listen man, there was no such thing. Here's all the old folks, okay? I'm 45. I'm talking to grown folk, Lil Taytay, little Ray, Ray, Lil jj, all the niggas out here upload TikTok videos, paying your fingernails black and doing turquoise hair and announcing that you're a homosexual trying to fit into the community because it's gonna make you more in I got it.


If you live in a particular lifestyle, I literally don't have a racist bone. I don't discriminate. I just say, do what makes you happy. But I'm gonna tell y'all, for us folks that grew up on true r and b soul music, I got some bad news for y'all. There was never Luther Vandross featuring Curtis Blow. There was never Marvin Gaye featuring the Sugar Hill gang. I've Been really trying baby, trying to hold back in feeling for so long, Trying to hold back and feel it for so long.


Put that pussy on the ground because it's so strong. It did not happen. It didn't happen. It, it, it just did not happen. There was a, there was a specific r and b soul that had nothing to do with coexisting with hip hop. Y'all may not know that. You may not know that. Even James Brown Godfather, You ever heard of James Brown Boys and girls? Okay. Even James Brown legend, first black man on ever on his own private plane, correct?


The most sampled r and b soul godfather in the history of hip hop never had one rapper on his goddamn song. Hip hop has sampled an r and b soul godfather. And yet the Godfather himself never said yes to hip hop. R and b is insecure right now. They won't even play it on the radio unless it features a rapper. Until now, you're gonna have to pull them instruments out that dusty ass road keyboard in your garage with the organ.


Them instruments is coming out. It's all live instrumentation on here. God willing, if we come home with 10 Grammys, it's gonna be niggas out here asking some hard questions. They, they out here up, they're up here making beats on iPhones on an on an airplane using wifi. And by the time they land, it's on the side cloud and it goes viral. And they up here TikTok to it. You can't tell anybody to sing real love songs no more. No one wants to beg, no one wants to plead. No one wants to express love and sentiment about nothing. Everybody is selling lonely. Fuck you. I don't need you to the left, to the left. Pack your shit.


Get out. Well, that's not what that is. Now the divorce, full transparency, motivated me to get in the studio to make that, but it's called beautiful pain. And I'm speaking of the pain. But more importantly, I'm, I'm talking about the beauty that I discovered in my pain. Wow. And I've mainly, are you married yet, Shannon? No. Okay. I have mainly played this album for married couples. Why? I'm glad you asked. I've mainly played this album for married couples because my love for the Lord Jesus Christ would never ever allow for me to release an album to contribute to the divorce rate.


Imagine me taking my pains, my traumas, and my strife from this unexpected divorce. And then I release a whole album going at divorces, going at the sanctuary of marriage, going at love. Now my ex is gonna get this work, nigga my ex is gonna get this work. There's songs like Love Transaction. I say 20,000 isn't Child Support. We both know just who that money for that might make you feel a way. 20,000 ain't shit compared to what other niggas get hit with. There's people out here with six, seven kids, ask them what that number is per month.


This shit real. However, don't confuse my truth with the truth. That's one and two. And two is, why are you making me feel bad about me singing these songs and these lyrics when that's actually something I feel felt and experienced all of a sudden when a man released a a song talking about his marriage falling apart or whatever specifics and details that come along with it. I'm misogynistic and I'm being condescending towards women. You ain't say that shit to Mary j Blige. You ain't say that shit to Jasmine Sullivan when she said, I'm gonna bust the windows out your car.


You had your ass in the win in the arena looking for a window to bust out the car, right? Yeah. Okay. So at the end of the day, beautiful pain can be ordered online exclusively at Tyrese tv. I'm independence Shannon. Don't, don't edit that out. Tyrese TV is the only place in the world you can buy beautiful pain. It's a double vinyl if you skip a song, I quit. Wow. Literally when you put the needle on the vinyl, the album starts off with the, with the sound of vinyl, the little crackling sound.


That's how the album starts. And you just let it play. Put your kids to sleep, get their homework done, tell them niggas to turn off the video game and get ready for school because mama and daddy about to make your brother and sister. Wow. You gonna get your ass dropped off at the carpool lane. And this album is gonna bring love back into your mommy and daddy's marriage that may have been fading away. It's gonna have us sitting across from the dinner table flirting again, making love again. Not fucking, fucking. It's cool. Twerking and fucking that's, we got enough of that. We just seen the whole BET awards with niggas twerking. Yeah. I'm sitting on the front row like, God damn, I'm 45 years old.


I'm sitting next to some valuable booty meat. That's way too much booty meat on this goddamn stage. They've normalized the ratchet, right? And they want us to think it's okay to be that. No disrespect to none of the artists this different. This is, this is intimate, this is vulnerable. It's getting back to being grown. And I don't want no youngsters in my audience. How old are you Shannon? If you don't mind me asking 56 you 56, I'm 45. You know how uncomfortable it'd be for me at 45 years old to see a 16-year-old in my audience with tur her hair, uploading a TikTok video to my damn music.


And I'm not gonna kick him out 'cause he's 16, but this ain't for you. Take your ass to bed. Go get your homework done. Turn your video game off. Get off of Instagram and Snapchat. Go to sleep. 'cause I'm dropping you off in the carpool lane tomorrow and I'm going home. And me and your mama are gonna keep dancing in the living room. And. we gonna figure out a way to fall in love over and over again because she is lost sight of how important our marriage is. Since we didn't have four kids. This gonna bring them back together. Beautiful pain drops August 30th along with this movie, 1992 Tyrese Gibson. Cheers All my life, grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle.


Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice, the all my life. I be grinding all my life. Yeah, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price, won a slice. Got the roll, dic the all my life. I be grinding all my life.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start. Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.