
This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot. I'm pretty happy with my room here, but there are still some things I would change. I would love to have pegboard on the wall so I could hang some more stuff. Could really use a coat of paint. I could use a couple more lights to sort of fill out. I need some stuff from the Home Depot. And obviously the perfect gaming setup is different for every person, but whatever kind of games you like, whatever your gaming routine is, however you like to game, having exactly the right space to enjoy what you're doing, it's a luxury that you can get. And the good news is you can get everything you need to create that perfect gaming room. From the Home Depot, they have paint, smart lights, sound dampening, foam wall treatment stuff, furniture, decorations, organization, bins, shelves. They have everything you need. All you have to do is go to the Home Depot. It's a one stop. You can even get it delivered to your house. I've had that. I had some stuff. Delivered it right to my garage. It's lovely. Build your perfect gaming room with the Home Depot. Click or tap the banner to shop. Now.


This episode is brought to you by Magic The Gathering. The world's of Final Fantasy are coming to magic. The Gathering wheeled iconic spells, sum in legendary beasts and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions, and wonder that fans love. This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college, bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friends. This is just a great Cola, two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff and just long running like all the way back to my childhood. Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the adventure, this set is for you. The Final Fantasy and Magic, the Gathering Crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it. Most hint, it's Uber. What About me when I show up to your house at 3:00 AM That's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, it would've been really nice if you had told me that you just left me out to drive for no reason. Hey Bob. Sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way.


This episode of Distractible is presented by Vitamin Water. Some drinks are fun, some drinks are functional, but Vitamin Water said, why not Both? The Elevate Blue raspberry actually very good. As I'm getting older, I found that I'm a raspberry guy. They also have zero sugar rehydrate pineapple passion fruit. As I'm getting older, I'm finding I'm really a pineapple guy. I'm like Wade, but with apples, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glasso Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of Glasso.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractable. This episode bickering Bob, beloved of Elongated Animals has his pals play Time diluted. True or false Wheeling. Wade has an aneurysm over assholes. A doesn't know his monsters rights, ticks or Corsicans. Maid and Lay Mark is incensed by Apples inefficiency sings Beetlejuice begets his ships geometry and corday. From podcast Affection to brilliant braining, it's time for 20 simple questions.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hello and welcome back to Every Giraffe's favorite podcast. That's right, you are listening to Distractable. I talked to him. You know at the zoo you can go and you could pay five bucks, you could feed the giraffe. I did that and I was like, Hey, what's your favorite podcast? All five of them answered Distract, which means that basically every giraffe in the world probably listens, which I feel like is a pretty cool thing. We should get a plaque or something interesting fun. Fact aside, I'm your host. My name is Bob. I'm joined as always by my competitors for the day slash hosts when they can manage it. Mark and Wade say Hi fellas.


Hi Philas. You know for a second there. I thought you were starting like an ad read old style. I went to the zoo and talked to a giraffe buy a mattress. I really thought, And then Mark released his tribu full of fast food orders. Yeah, I expected the vine reference where they're like snow, they're like skiing or snowboard, whatever. And the guy just like flies. I'm A giraffe, I'm a giraffe. For everyone listening, we do want to get back to those and we've said it many times, but Weird that that came up. But you know, how often do you get to talk to giraffes? If you've ever seen the show before, I'm the host 'cause I won the last one. The two guys are trying to win this one. That means they'll host the next one. Because I'm the host, I have a game.


But that comes later because traditionally we start by catching up with small talk. So yeah, how's it going fellas? How you doing? I've got some good things and I've got some annoyances. I've got some grievances to share and some of you out there are the problem. All right, sounds like I'm not gonna get to my game idea again. I'm excited. Let's do another, let's do another whole episode where all we do is complain. Let's do it. So I spent the past week in Florida and yesterday I was at the airport for like 11 hours. 'cause we had a weather flight delay, whatever. It was fine, expected some really annoying Florida drivers and honestly didn't really get many of it. They were pretty okay. There was a lot of traffic, but like there wasn't a lot of like guy on his lawnmower upside down with a chainsaw causing traffic jams like I expected.


But we got back to Cincinnati late last night, got on the highway and immediately, immediately I had that guy that wants to merge on the highway 30 miles under the speed limit. There's not that much traffic but like also this is still hard to do because you're going so slow. Did like, did people not learn how to merge? Okay, we get on the highway, we're driving a little bit further. I get over in the middle lane using my turn signal to go around. Slow person, slow person decides with no turn signal, you know where I should be the middle lane and just cuts me off Again, not speeding up, they just decided that's the lane they belonged in now. So I feel something in my neck, probably an important artery explode.


And I got over with my turd signal to go around again. Leave that person behind goodbye. We get a bit further up and there's road construction or something's going on. So the actual highway is like shut down. So we have to get off and go around to get a different route. Get behind another person on a one lane road speed limit 35, I should do 15. Clear brightly lit area, no turn signal, speed limit all over the pla. Like if someone just goes the speed limit, I'm fine. You know you don't have to go five over, you don't have to go 10 over, you don't whatever. Just 35 perfect conditions. Just hit the 35.


You're turning, you're merging, you're moving turn signals. They're great. They work, they indicate they do their job. But the entire trip home last night, it was slow person cutting me off. No turn signal on repeat. It wasn't even the people going 900 miles an hour or whatever. There was a motorcycle and someone else racing each other and just cutting each other, each other off repeatedly. But you know, they were in a far left lane fucking each other in the, not in my way, but the slow. The slow no turn signal. Oh man, it eats a part of my soul every time. Wade hasn't driven in five years and he forgot how traffic was first time in the road in ages.


Oh man. People go slow Sometimes. I've driven a lot. I wasn't even in my car last night. Oh, you weren't in your car. Interesting. I would think if you were driving, you'd be driving say your own car. Not whenever you have to have luggage. That's a look. I know it's a sports car, but it's a big car. There's definitely room for luggage. We got big luggage. Oh sorry. Oh okay. Never on the subreddit. Respect his big luggage. Florida. Beautiful. Great time, great drivers shocked me to hell. Got back here and immediately was like, I can't believe I prefer Florida drivers to my own people. I Don't know if I would claim anyone as she own people who's driving on a road, but I don't anymore.


Got it. Just use a turn signal. Just use turn signal. You got The old man yells at Cloud Point. Good job Wade. I Was tired man. I got to the airport yesterday at 11:00 AM We didn't land till like midnight last night because of the, it was a long day. And then How are there that many people on the highway at like one to three? There weren't, that's the saddest part. It was just a few people you should have Gone around. I tried and they were like, that guy's trying to go around. I better help him. Now we can go around all over again. Sounds Like a, sounds like a you problem. I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, but Just stupidity hurts me. And the road is full.


Nobody knows how to drive anymore man. Or they never did. I don't know. You, you already got the old man yells a cloud you can, can ease up. It's All right. Hey gold people these days, These kids. Back in my day I had to drive uphill everywhere. Alright, mark, what are you mad about? I have something hilarious. It's, it's, it involves a company that is not technically in the wrong, I suppose, but I think they are. And also the pettiest, the pettiest thing I've ever seen. And a pure example of why this company might be plagued with inefficiencies. He's going for the eating point. I can tell.


So I bought Max Studios for my render farm because the power efficiency and my, my power bill is way down. Since doing that, I mean they were expensive to get, but their resale value will be good if I ever need to upgrade or if I've ever, ever done with the render farm. That's why I did it. And so I bought some and when you do business, you have to get an invoice and you have to, I, I had to pay them separately and there was like this whole, it's a whole different u usually if you go and buy Apple stuff, it's kind of easy. They make it a little too easy sometimes. Yeah. Business, not so much. So I get this email and I must not have noticed the first one because it says second notification of past due balance. Dear Mark, remarkable flyer.


I can't believe This happened To us. The the email Reads. We would like to thank you again for your business of app with Apple. As of today, we have still not received payment. Please see the attached outstanding invoice list and remit payment as soon as possible. Please note nonpayment could lead to a reduction of your credit line and may result in shipping delays. Don't you already have all those things? Yeah, I do. All right. So probably not shipping delays, but Yeah, go on. Sorry. You wanna know how much it's for? It's an Apple product. So it's a minimum of 130. Yeah, $3,000 or something. So, so the, the total invoice amount is, you know, high.


It's $7,844 and 40 cents. So you got Three chargers. Shit You bought an iPhone and a half one. So it's 7,008 $44 and 40 cents so's The total invoice. They say I paid $7,844 and 39 cents. This is a second notice past due email For 1 cent. You sent those numbers in my head. I was like, wait, aren't those the same number? How much is different? This is a one, A one penny pass due Invoice mark. This may reduce your credit line and incur penalties.


The legal team might get involved. I kind of want you to not pay it just to see what happens like the next one they're like, All right, we're not playing nice anymore. You we're gonna start charging interest. 15% interest. You know, if you go to pay it, there's gonna be a charge for paying online or something of like a dollar. So It's, it's so funny because like I, I got, I had, there was another invoice besides this. One of the orders was delayed. This is the delayed one. I paid the exact same amount for the both invoices. This one I've looked and there there this one for some reason is one penny more than the other ones.


When I paid, I paid it all in full in total. This one is different. So I'm not paying this one because I have paid in full and I did pay in full when I did it because it was the exact amount that they charged on the invoice. But because this one was delayed, some rounding thing must have happened And it went up a penny. And I, so I'm not paying this one and I just wanna see how far it goes. It's Supply and demand. Someone had just bought the exact same thing. So they had to upcharge this one by one penny. Man, the tariffs, you know, just really, really threw that one for a loop. Well I knew it had to be either really big or really small. But I would not have guessed.


Shouldn't they shouldn't sy like I know this is, now this works 'cause accounting is numbers and numbers have to equal numbers. Like there's, but shouldn't there be a thing in the system where it's like, hey, if the invoice is, I don't know, less than a dollar, maybe just maybe just round that down or something like yeah, is that really worth the electricity that it costs our system to send an email at Like Not at all. The electricity it took to send that email and calculate the number is not worth that penny. This entire saga is not worth. And I really hope they take it so far. There Is no way to pay it without coming out in the negative.


I like your approach 'cause you're, you're eating into their profits now. Every time you make them do something that's another 0.45 cents that they have to pay or I'm just gonna let it sit there and then eventually they're gonna come and repo one penny's worth of Apple hardware. So like magic Mouse or something. I don't know. I, the funny thing is I don't think I can even give them just a penny because a credit card transaction has a minimum fee. It's like a 30 cent minimum plus a percentage. If I, I pay this via wire transfer. Wire transfers costs about $20. I can't give them a penny. No, if you mail a penny, you have to pay for the stamp. Don't don't they pay the tra if you, you pay with a credit card, don't they pay the transaction fee?


So couldn't you pay them a penny and then they pay 30 cents to receive your penny. I'm trying to save them money here. I'm trying to make this easy on them. If they make an exception for you, they have to make an exception for everyone who underpays a penny. This is about setting an example. This is so funny. I I, I find this hilarious and I can't wait to see if this goes any farther. I will actually be really disappointed if it doesn't go any farther than this. 'cause it's just that funny. That's really, I mean I've, I've not had it be a penny. I've been in situations like that. I think it was, for me it was a thing where it was like insurance or something where, you know how insurance is a scam industry even though it's like required.


And it was like we moved, so I canceled insurance on our old rental 'cause we got new insurance, but, and they like billed us for some of it, but then they refunded but then they prorated it. Like that kind of bullshit, right? And they invoiced me and they were like, Hey, you owe us $6. But when I called them on the phone and asked them if they really wanted their $6, the guy on the phone was like, I'll just, I'll just make this go away and I'll make a note to my manager. Don't worry about this sir. But like Apple's definitely not gonna do that. That was a small, like it was still a big company, but that was a smaller company and I talked to a human person. I doubt I I'm sure you've tried. Have you ever gotten a human being person on the phone? If you've ever tried to call Apple, do they do that or I Have.


So I, I talked about this before if you remember. I didn't get one human. I got bounced to seven humans. Oh. Which is great. Oh No that's right. Right. But it really speaks to some inefficiencies happening at Apple. Now I'm not one for big companies doing lots of layoffs, but I could tell you between having no humans and only robots, which is bad, and seven people who worked at separate companies, there was multiple companies involved with this chain of people. They sent me to the bank and then back to a separate department. Anyway, that's too many people. I need one good person. So maybe some inefficiencies going on there. I imagine if you Try to get this penny taken care of, it'll be like the scene in Saving Private Ryan where like they walk in, they're looking at the papers, they're like, oh.


And they take it to their superior who takes it to their superior, who takes it to their superior. Eventually the president of Apple is like one penny. We've spent that on these pages already. Get him on the line. We must fix this. Wait, I want to note, do you know who the president of Apple is? Tim Apple. That's actually wrong. He's not the president. Elon Musk. There you go. There you go. The real president of Apple. President of every company. Are you gonna tell us or or are we just gonna keep guessing because I actually, I actually don't know. No, I don't know the president of Apple. I was just, I was just pointing out that he said president instead of ceo. Fair enough. It must be the week of weird transactions. 'cause I also had a weird transaction this week.


Have you guys ever bought something? I was, I was buying a computer piece of technology And it was kind of an expensive single purchase that I've never bought from this company before. And they had a third party fraud detection service. Have you ever bought something where a company had like a third party company that did their anti-fraud stuff? Yeah, I think so. They outsource it sometimes. Yeah. Has It felt like a scam to you? 'cause I literally, I pay, I gave these people my credit card number. I put my order in and then an unrelated company sent me an email And it was like, Hey, it looks like you're trying to buy this computer. We think that might be fraudulent. Send us a picture of your credit card or a picture of your valid government id.


And I was like, why wouldn't I send either of those to you company I've never spoken to before. And they were like, no, no, like you can cover most of the data, just scribble, you know, cover the, some of the parts. We just wanna see, you know, like your credit card number and your name and address and make sure the picture's there just so we can have that. I think it's a totally legit company, but I refuse to do it. But when I called the company, I was trying to actually give money to the guy on the phone. I said three words. I was like, he said hello and I was like, I got a fraud email or something. And he was immediately like, okay, yeah, we're trying to get rid of those Guys.


But We didn't hire him either. We don't know where they came from. Yeah, I don't understand what happened. But it was a weird week. Supervisors got apparently a rich uncle in somewhere in the Middle East who's like, Hey, if you assign us on as your fraud company, you'll get your $6 billion inheritance. Have you ever seen that sketch of the, I forget what show it is, but the guys just walk into a company and they start taking the desks and they're just like, no, no, we got authorization from from Bill, bill higher up Bill, bill you got. It's like, yeah, you're gonna get an upgrade soon. You know, and they just take everybody, they get everyone in the office to help them carry out the furniture. That's what this situation is. It's probably fine. So anyway, I sent 'em a picture of my social security card and I was like, does this work That great?


They seem pretty happy about it.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you just when you need it most. That's what Uber is all about. Like when Wade's house was flooding and falling to pieces all around him and you showed up just when he needed you to so you could film it and exploit it for views on the internet. No, Whatever it is, bigger or small, Uber is on the way. So you can be on yours, Uber, on our way to your house, Wade.


Oh well good small talk. Who wants to play a game? I do. Eh, this is not, this is not a exact free do, but we kind of played this before and I feel like you guys really had a great time with it. So I wanted to bring it back. Nod win part six. You wish It would be part five. Fuck. I like to call this game 20 simple questions. Oh, oh God. No, no. Oh God, no. Listen, listen. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's fine. It's fine. I reworked it. Winnebago, Winneba go. That's not even the right answer.


But I like the enthusiasm. Unobtainium. Unobtainium. I changed it so that it's just true or false questions. It literally is just true or false questions. They're still about like sciencey stuff, history, geography, whatever. Did Wade, did you take a cyanide capsule just now? You'll Find out as the episode goes on. It's gonna be fine. It's gonna be fine. Don't worry. Don't worry. I am gonna start by flipping a coin to see who gets to go first. Heads this wade 'cause bald. Eh? And it is the lion, which is tails. So Marcos first, good luck. Hey, which apparently gives you a little bit of a statistical advantage.


Someone on the subreddit did a little analysis and you have a very slight edge if you get to go first in games of this nature. But nerd, you just, it's just true and false. So even if you don't know, I feel like you could probably figure it out the next time around all Of the above. It's not an option, but I, I appreciate the creativity. Question number one, true or false? A triangle can have two right angles. False. Correct? See, look at this. Easy. These are easy. That's wait, don't worry. They're easy. Yeah, I can't wait to hear about mine. That's one question done Wade. True or false? There are five great lakes. True?


That's correct. I had to spell it out in my head. You had to spell what? What? The first letter spells out like Holmes or whatever. Oh, mark. True or false? Humans have more than five senses. True. Very good. It's like the last one that people don't know about is like no ception or something like that. It's like knowing where you're, there Are actually a couple extra ones. Your sense of like balance is kind of one that's not what it's called. And prop proprioception or something is the one you're talking about where you like know where your body parts are. In spade, humans do have more than five senses. Wade, true or false? Mozart and Beethoven we're alive at the same time. I'd Like to use a lifeline.


50 50. Okay. True or false? Alright. True. I knew you'd know that. See you guys were all worried. I told you I toned it down. This is gonna be fine. You're just stressing me out more. Yeah, I know. It's all of the following alchemical equation. Usually You know when when like you're trying to slaughter an animal, usually you go up to 'em like it's fine. It's okay. Don't worry. Don't try. Wait. Is this Our oats Dear penthouse forum, mark, true or false? Beethoven composed music after going deaf. True. Wait, he was Beethoven the deaf one. True. True. That's correct. Good job. I don't like this.


I thought it was a trick question in some way. I was like maybe he was always deaf. I don't know Way true or false. Thomas Edison invented the light bulb. True, incorrect. I'm so Sorry about that. Come on man. He, he improved to the light bulb, but he in fact did not Invent it. I thought that was the case, but I don't know. I didn't know who else would. I was like, oh yeah, right. Mr. Light bulb. Did It mark true or false? Bananas grow on trees. Daylight. True. I'm sorry, that one is false.


What do they grow on? Technically? And I love this fact. Bananas grow on tall herbs. I don't know what the distinction is there, but that's what the internet told me. Isn't The plant called a banana tree? No. It's called the banana herb. Bananas are the spice of life. Everyone knows this. Wait, true or false? The Wright brothers first flight was in 1903. False. That one was kind of a gimme. That is correct. That's true. That is incorrect on your part arc. True or false? Mount Everest is located in the Himalayas. Yeah, Yeah. It's not an option. Sorry. You true? Yeah, True. That's correct. That's correct.


I'm not being cagey. It's fine. You guys are doing so good. This is already question 10. You guys are getting so many more correct on the first go around this time way, true or false? Moby Dick was published before Frankenstein. I've Never read Moby Dick, but I have read Frankenstein. Mary Shelley. No, when Moby Dick came out, I'm gonna say true, but I don't know. Oh, I'm sorry. That's incorrect. Moby Dick's newer than that. Okay. Has the word dick in the title. It's practically a modern book. It's got swears Mark. True or false? The Titanic sank on its maiden voyage. I believe it you, I'm trying to remember in the Titanic movie, did they smash a bottle of champagne against it before they went? They had one in the car during the sex Pop.


The cork right against the windshield. True. Yeah. Good one. April 14th, 1912. I used to be such a confident person. What You guys are doing really good. Well, I mean I've failed like three, but that's cool. I mean Mark is doing really good. Wade, true or false? William Shakespeare wrote the Odyssey. False. Good one. See this Back in the game. Back in the game. Mark. True or false? The Mona Lisa is painted on canvas. Canvas can What is canvas? What even is canvas? It's the thing that the Mona Lisa is painted on.


Well, Given that, I don't know what else you would paint on. Maybe like pig skin or something. I don't know. I'm gonna say true. Ooh, That Wasn't that. Sorry. That's incorrect. Wait, true or false? Sound travels faster in water than an air. False. Oh, sorry. That's incorrect. Mark. True or false? In is Oly triangle always has two equal sides. True? That's correct. Can I get a triangle question? Damn, I like the triangle. There's a statistical advantage. That's the only reason I got a statistical advantage. Don't worry, you'll know this one, Wade. True or false? Brazil is north of the equator. False. I was wrong. I'm sorry. That's incorrect.


Wait, I was wrong. Wait, what? You said false, right? You Said Brazil's north of the equator. I said false. Oh, maybe I copied and past it wrong. Hang on, let me look. Let me look this up. Lemme look this up. Every true false has shifted one. Oh God, at least part of It should be south of the equator, right? In equator. Oh yeah. Interesting. Most of it is definitely south of the equator. Yeah. Not all of it. And perhaps this is a trick question that I got suckered into. Sure. Felt like it. 'cause I was like, I'm pretty sure it goes through Brazil. But most of it is south because, Because the question was Brazil is north of the equator and the answer is probably some of Brazil is north of the equator.


I mean, yeah, I guess it's true and false. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give that to you. That's what I get for trusting things I I get from the internet. Mark. True or false? A group of cows. It's called a murder. A group of cows. It's called a murder. COWS Cows. Yes. Ooh. And so on. God, I hope it's not called a murder. False. You're Right. That is false. Called an utter bang. Wait, that says true. Wait, hang on, hang on, hang on. No, I think, I think, I think I screwed up my document. Hang on, hang on. Did You mistype it from cows to Something else? Oh, I can't read Because I know a group of crows is gone And it says crows.


I just can't read. That's What I was so confused. No, no, you're right. I thought you were intentionally saying cows in a way to make mark not know which word you were saying. Yes. I got you. Take that. I am not so stupid that I don't know how to read my own typed words. That, okay, great. Wait. True or false? Napoleon was exiled twice In general or from like one place. False Man. You're having a bad run. Having a bad run mark. True or false? Zero is an even number. No, no.


What I'm trying to think of what even the definition of an even number is really one. That's not odd. All right. If the pattern is, you know, 1, 3, 5 is odd, then maybe it is even I've never considered, I'm gonna go with the optimistic route that it is true. Good job, buddy. Hey, All right. You're so smart at this. Do you know what the definition is? I, I don't know. Well, technically I think the definition of an even number is any integer to this divisible by two without leaving a remainder. Ah. And technically zero divided by two equals zero. You can divide zero by other numbers, but you just can't divide by zero.


Yeah. Good job. Mark. You knew that. I knew you knew that. Wade. Question 20. Wade, I know you can get this one. It's right in your wheelhouse, right? I believe in you. I'm on it. True or false? The chemical symbol for potassium is K. You know this right? You're a big periodic table guy, right? I Believe that's true. Cut all the periodic tables up in your room there. Potassium is the one that's K, right? Yeah, that's true. That's true. Good job. I know some periodic table. It's in blueprints. There you go. All right, well that was the first round through the 20 questions. And you guys got, let's see, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.


You got 12, correct? And there are eight questions remaining. Wait, Does that mean I got seven wrong? Because I think barley got like one wrong, didn't he? The scores are not very close right now. Oh, but that's okay because the game is not over. Good. Good. That was a good run though. Honestly. One of you definitely did more gooder than the other, but I'm not gonna hold that against you. You're still in this weight and all you have to do is remember, 'cause I told you all the answers, right? We you knew the game. I told you what the game was gave went up ahead of time this time. So all you have to do is remember, so we'll start. 'cause you're losing so badly. We'll start with Wade. We'll switch up. Who gets to go first for this round? Okay. It was kind of a mister who was losing, but that's okay.


Now I know. All you have to do is remember, you have to recall true or false. Thomas Edison improved the light bulb. True. It is true. Good job. I don't know how to spell any of these words. All right, mark. True or false? Bananas grow on short trees. False. It's an herb. It's Herb. There is my guy. There's my Guy. One Short tree knows another and he knows that's not a short tree. Yeah. Yeah. Shut up. But yeah, he's right. But Shut up Wade. True or false? The Wright brothers first flight was in 1913.


False. Woo. Good one coming back. Oh, was that a question that was asked before? Yeah, man. We talked about the Wright brothers previously. Mark, true or false? Mozart and Beethoven were not alive at the same time. Not true or false. They were not. This one was already answered correctly. So I, you know, I, the answer, I'm trying to think of the wording. Not truthful. That's false. 'cause they were good One. Good one, man. Mark, you have so many points. I'm gonna have to, oh, this is gonna get crazy, Wade. Don't worry. You're doing great, Wade.


True or false? Moby. Dick was published after Frankenstein. Fuck. This was your quest. This was your question last time. I think you, you sort of talked through it all. False. Oh, I'm sorry. That is incorrect. No, the wording. No. That's why you gotta word it through Wade. You gotta word it real hard moment. Dad, what'd you say? It's alright. Yeah, look, Mark's getting 'em correct so clearly it's possible. Damn. I hate whales, Mark. True or false? Sound. Traver. Slower sound. Travel slower in water than an air. False. It's faster. Good job. Good.


See Wade. Just take your time with it. You gotta, you gotta let your neurons go slow down. Stop and go in reverse. I, if he asked me the multi dick question right now, I dunno if I get it right, Don't worry, it'll come back up. Wade. True or false? The Mona Lisa is painted on canvas. Mona Lisa, famous painting, right? We talked about this. Can You take paint movement? Why would you do that? I don't know. But the way you asked the question, I don't like it. False. The Mona Lisa is painted on canvas. False is your answer.


True? False is my answer. That's true. False is correct. Good job, buddy. Oh, so I thought Mark got it with, was painted on campus like is it Now? I didn't rephrase that one. That was exactly the same question I asked the first time and I'm glad that you guys picked up on I'm rephrasing things. 'cause I That is the, that is the bit, isn't it? I'm A bit confused. That was Wade's question mark. True or false? Ecuador is north of the equator. Ecuador is just making up countries now. Oh, willy-nilly. Okay. Alright. It's down there with Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, Ecuador.


Don't tell me where Ecuador is. Of course I would rephrase it again. Say, say what you said, Mark. Sure. False. Ecuador is north of the equator. Do you want me to help you? No. Would you like me to rephrase it? No. Okay. Not at all. You sure? Ecuador? False. This is the same one that I was fucking around with Ecuador's in the exact same situation that Brazil is, the equator runs through it. Oh, Do have you pronounce Ecuador a different way? What you say is equador. That's what I was already saying. Were you not listening to me? No, of course I wasn't. Anyway, it is primarily not north of the equator.


Oh, okay. So I'm gonna say it's primarily false, which I'm gonna means you primarily get a point. Not that you need it, but it's fair Though. I That's fair. Oh, Ecuador. Hey, he is looking at maps. Ecuador, just looking up Ecuador. I wanna learn more about Ecuador. People are gonna think I don't like Ecuador. Well, if you get more questions later about Ecuador, now you know more about Ecuador. That's not fair. I am, I'm reading up on Ecuador. You can't stop me, Bob. All right, Wade, are you ready? No. True or false? A group of ravens is called a murder. I Not the fuck. A group of ravens is called false unless false asterisk.


What's the asterisk? I'm into this Unless they are. No. Okay. Well, no, you are correct. That is false because enjoyably enough, a group of ravens can be called an unkindness or a conspiracy, which is the fucking best thing ever. They were called a murder, but they are now never more. Speaking of crows and ravens, there was a TikTok that I saw before quickly deleting TikTok again because I downloaded it again. I was like, ah, I haven't been on it in a while. Maybe I'll try it out. And then I felt my brain deteriorating. I literally felt myself being hypnotized, so I deleted it. But I remember this TikTok being like, if you have to ask, it's a crow.


When it's a raven, you will know. And I don't know, I don't know. I still don't know the difference really. I know one of 'em like really croy. What Does that mean? I dunno. I mean, I'm not sure if a raven will be so unbelievably obvious with its 20 foot wingspan and like descending on me with a human speech. But I think They're not that different. All the pictures that I'm seeing, they look almost indistinguishable except for it's like, oh, the tails are very slightly different shape and the head shapes just noticeably different. If you get a still photograph of them in perfect side profile, I guess they make different sounds. Yeah. One of them is more like Croy and Roy or raven.


Yeah. It's, it's confusing more than anything. We don't want any confusion in here in this episode. If I, if I ever need to tell a raven from a crow, I'm not gonna know. How would I Know? Oh, you'll know. That's so ominous. All right, mark. Good job. Knowing your countries that are close to the equator. Wait, wait, Didn't I just do the Raven one? Yeah. Wait. Oh yeah. Know Wade got the Raven one. I went back too far. Good job on the Raven one. Wade mark. True or false? Napoleon was exiled. Rice. Rice. Is that like three or like the rice? Can you use it in a sentence?


Could be the country of origin. It's, it's, it's, no, you know the word, this is not spelling bee. Napoleon was exiled twice. Two. True or false? False. Good job, buddy. I'm so proud of you. Thanks man. Man, you guys aren't falling for this as hard as I thought you would. I gotta be honest. I was really open that we'd go around and around and around. That means where scores are close, right? Yeah. No, everyone is really competitive right now. It's going really good. Wade, for no specific reason, I'm gonna offer you two points on this one. Ooh, true or false?


Moby Dick was published before Frankenstein. Fuck. We talked about this twice now. One of them came first, then the other one came after. So your sentence was Moby Dick was published before Frankenstein. Yes. False. He did it. Oh, he did it did it. Unless all of what I have written down is incorrect. In which case, none of this means anything, but it's a game anyway, so who cares? Actually, I think this means you guys have successfully answered all 20 questions. Game over. It doesn't have to be over.


All right, Wade, do you want some more? Huh? Wade? True or false? Thomas Edison invented the light bulb. False. All right. I'm not gonna give you points for that. No, no. That's rude. That's rude. That's rude. That's rude. I'll give you half a point. I don't wanna sugarcoat it. You guys did so much better on this game. I told you it was gonna be easier. I toned it back. I we only had a couple hilarious moments about Moby Dick and stuff, and, and I only misread one word in a way that was very unfortunate for the nature of the question I was asking, but I was only kind of trying to get weight, some extra pity points here to bring him back into reaching distance.


But No, that's fine. I I almost filled up the whole, I started writing real big. I almost filled up your whole side of my page. Wade, it looks like you really were in this one. Thank you. I changed the font size to 16 and really started filling it in Mark. Hmm. You were in points four. One penny passed due and being the pettiest man alive, you earn points for triangle. First time, number of senses, deaf composer, Mount Everest, Titanic, isosceles, cows, zero bananas, Mozart plates, Beethoven, second time sound, air, Ecuador, and Napoleon. Wade, you earned points four old S at traffic, big luggage, great Lakes, other Mozart, Odyssey, Brazil, potassium Edison, Wright Brothers, Mona, Lisa, Ravens, Frankenstein.


That sounds like a lot. That does leave Wade two and a half points down, which means if the first wheel spin that we do here goes really, really well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's gonna be, it's gonna be fine. Looking forward to it. Oh, also I have to add something to the wheel. Something about the truest boy or the falses. The falses. Yeah. Well, let's, let's get this outta the way and see how much the next parts really matter. How many bonus points will there be? Oh, oh, there's a chance. There's a chance. I had my coin ready just in case it was less than three.


I appreciate that. That's a good idea. Yeah. I don't think anyone's called that on a, on A wheel. I was prepared. Yeah, that's technically, that's technically allowable, I think. I don't Think there's any rules against it. It's just The most false. If anyone tells a lot of lies or gives a lot of misinformation or just can be agreed to be the most false. I feel like that's where that one goes. And then let's see if Wade can do this. Imagine if Wade gets all three bonus points. Imagine considering how much of a disadvantage he's at on the wheel in general. That'd be crazy. Hey, mark had a four point comeback last time I hosted. I think That's true. That's true. Most distracted.


Well, given that Wade didn't even remember what we were talking about halfway through there. Huh? Are you seating that one Mark? Are you I think I have to. I don't remember. I don't remember being distracted. Well, that'll do it. Don't call it a comeback. Come on. Bald. Least all happiest contributions. Mark owing a penny or me drivers. He was, He was complaining about traffic. I was not happy. I Was laughing. I had a great time. I, I think I have to see that. Yeah, I think Mark, mark gave us a story that would be angry, except he was laughing and he thought it was hilarious.


I was Bitter and angry. Wade was just complaining like the bald man. He is. There's still some spins on this board that could really get you back in this game. Instant Tie. Sudden death is on here. Let's not do that. There are a couple options that could really save this Wade. Oh, well, best looking. Oh, not saying, but I bathed yesterday, So I was at an airport all day and did not, I also forgot deodorant today. And I noticed that a little while ago. All right, well wait, just tried to give this one away. So, I mean, I've already lost. Let him have it. He is never the best looking. He can get it once.


Yes, Yes, yes. The final score with Mark getting two of the bonus spins and Wade getting one of them, the final score comes out to Wade with 12 and a half points and Mark with 16. It was really that first time through the questions. Mark just got a lot of 'em right, right off the rip. I got like six wrong in a row. I was hoping that more of those would be wrong, but when, when I reduced it to the 50 50 guests to start out, it gave you guys a much better chance of getting some, even if you had no clue. And I told you I toned it down. You thought it was a trap. It was.


I toned it down. You guys did really well. I know that if this comes up again, we're gonna be devastated. He's, I'm gonna finish the question. 20 impossible questions. The game ends when we answer all of them. You may Google anything you think might help. Bob has made up his own language in which he will ask us questions. You Need to decipher it this many ciphers deep. Do you know anything about cryptography? Oh, that's what morticians do with bodies. We'll solve unsolvable math. What is it? Postulate. Theorems. This theorem nearly drove Albert Einstein insane. And he declared it to be unsolvable.


What an idiot. Right, guys. Prove that old crazy mora wrong. Ready? What is the right moral theory? That is, that's easy. That's a one word answer. Oh, you're not getting a psychology in here. It's Philosophy, man. Get my psychology outta my philosophy. Anyway, congrats Mark. Thank you. You did great. And would you like to give your winter speech? I would. Yes. I appreciate everyone for believing in me, and I appreciate myself for having utter confidence this entire time. My opponent, I believe, was at a disadvantage because of his lack of sleep and traffic, of course.


But given that I live in LA I feel like we might be on even terms. So thank you for this victory and the best looking winner, signing off Possibly ever. Wade Loser speech. This loser speech is brought to you by nobody I lost. I bring my own game to this losing, and by having played, I knew that I could lose and I did. How is that? How is such a sort statement confusing? What just happened? I have a stroke. 20 loser speeches. You, you know what? You really came, you put it on at the end, Wade. You really came back. You fought hard. Just not smart enough.


Yes. Sorry. Thank you. Mark is the best looking and the smarter one today. So if that prove this game proves anything, it definitely proves that I've got something on my side. Baldest Usually Second, tallest, second shortest, And ah, most traveled between episodes. Longest time lived in one tri-state area. Ah, for now, die. Yeah. I'm gonna outlive you a while. So Based on the amount of peanuts I can assume today, hoping to get the eating point, likely, I call those Ethan Killers. Anyway, that's, that's the end.


Thank you so much for watching and listening equally today because everyone deserves to be appreciated Sometimes. Make sure you follow the podcast and you'll know when the episodes come out. You just, it's a little plus thing and whatever it, it's Fridays and Mondays, so you should know that. But if you don't, it'll tell you. If you follow Wade and Mark, their names are on screen and what, Lord Manian 7 7 7 or Manian 7, 7 7 or Mark multiplier. Follow me. Just search Mark's friend Bob. I made that joke before, but it actually works, so it's probably the easiest way to find me. Ah, very soon. Very soon. Yeah, very soon. Okay, thanks so much. Make sure you listen to the next one. We're Markwell host because he is the smartest and best looking and greatest host of this show.


That's it. I'm outta here. Podcast out. You're getting a lot of points next time, Bob, you're gonna get a lot of Points. Listen, I'm not, I'm not doing that on purpose, but if it earns me points in the forthcoming episode, I'm, I'm not gonna say no. You know, True or false, you didn't do it. Unin purpose. What


This episode is brought to you by Vitaminwater, living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big. Men, LA's big, like Cincinnati, Thankfully, vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit squeezed Lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry, pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So.