
This episode is brought to you by Indiana Jones. In the great circle, uncover one of history's greatest mysteries in Indiana Jones. In the Great Circle, a first person single player video game set between Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Last Crusade. The Year is 1937. Sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power and only one person can stop them. Indiana Jones. Do I enjoy Indiana Jones? I may have done a cosplay of me in a refrigerator surviving a nuclear bomb. Yes I do. Adventure calls Indiana Jones in the Great Circle out now on Xbox series X and S Game Pass and PC rated T for teen copyright and trademark. 2024 Lucas Film Limited. All rights reserved.


This episode is brought to you by Energizer. Here's a powerful gift idea for this holiday season. Energizer Ultimate Lithium, the number one longest lasting AA battery. I remember when I was a kid, I used to chew through Game Boys as soon as the game would die. You know, not only would you lose your save, you'd lose the game boy. And you know, we couldn't afford many of those. So are you saying you Threw away the game boy when your batteries died? Yeah, It's dead. It's dead. Isn't it less expensive To That's why I keep the number one longest lasting battery at the top of my list every year. Stock up on Energizer Ultimate Lithium. The number one longest lasting Double A battery today.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractable. This episode Mand Mark comes out for AAA creators knocks Nintendo and comes up random blighted. Barb is still sicky books at buying unfinished Bs and suggests more ies. Wealthy Wade rejects evil and goes into exile, argues and nickels and dimes, and gets into grannies from single sausage orgies to Hogwarts hand cannons. It's time for Insert Topic Here. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome to Distractible. My name is Mark Bly and I'm gonna be your host for today. I traveled in for this episode. I made a long extensive journey to be here because there was a podcast emergency in that we needed to record this podcast. And What podcast is that? Is it just, it's distractable still? That's correct. One point above. Oh, distractable Point. Is this a quiz episode? Hang on, let me pull up Google. I'm Gonna write down this answer. What podcast? Distractable. What podcast is this? I'm Not gonna be fooled again ahead. Yeah, yeah, it'll come back up. It'll come back up. End of the episode. I'll ask it again. But this is the podcast where we make up everything as we go and the hosts change out and new bullshit comes every week.


If you don't like this week's episode, next week's gonna be even better. We do two a Week. Yeah, we do two a week. Some people don't know that. They probably don't follow us, so they don't get the notifications. If you followed it, they'd tell You, yeah, ring that pot of pot. Ring that pot. What are you do on Spotify? Just Click the button. You're gonna have to like swipe down to get the full video of the episode down a little bit. But if you go find that fall button, you'll know anytime we get there. And then we look really good in Spotify's eyes. And then they will give us a lot of money Bags. And that won't benefit you at all. It'll benefit us. Yes it will. You'll know that your lowercase G gods are doing a lot better than they were before.


For every bag of money we get, we will put a portion of that towards the production value of this show. Right? Thought I had no water. I'm good. Give You a water point. Hydrated. They hydrated out there. Bob, do you have water? I Have two drinks and neither of them is water. But they're, they're Hy Hydrational. Oh no there Water. They're zero sugar pork drinks. Nope. Doesn't go. They sound like water. Hydrogen sulfide probably sounds a lot like water too, but I don't think you should drink that. I Think if you got hydrogen sulfide in your mouth, it would not sound like you were drinking water. It might for the first moment and then you'd be alive like ah, oh God. And then like death or something, whatever happens.


What was the movie where there was like, I think it was Spy And it was like the guy who played the tall goofy guy in the office drank acid and as he is dying in his throat melting, he's like, I'm Like flipping the bird. It's very funny. We stand by everything that we say on this podcast just like we're gonna stand by whatever Bob and wait are gonna say in this small talk today. Woo. Let's go first. First person loses a point. I'll Go first. Jumped on. Well listen. All right. Max one's for Bob First. I feel like I've been saying this forever. Still, still sick. Luckily I'm doing better.


But unluckily Mandy, it did way worse this past week. Like literally multiple nights where she couldn't even sleep because coughing constantly for hours and hours at a time. But beyond the endless misery that Mandy is currently enduring, we had like our first snow, like our first real snow enough in in Sensei where it was like stuff was covered And it looked white outside like it had snowed before that. But it's always nice that morning when you wake up and you look out and you're like, oh, it's like Christmas. That's lovely. We didn't get any of that here. I think if it snowed where you are, that would be a bad sign in general for the way things are going in in play in the world. I'll give you a point for being sick, but this will be the last week that counts.


I I would have never wanna talk about it again. I feel like I've gotten my sickness out for the next decade. Let's move on with this. Okay. All right, sounds good. Wade, you sick? No, I do have to remove my, my Diablo crown, which I love and treasure dearly, but I gotta put on my path of exile Two Crown. You mean other Diablo? Diablo four is they've, they, they reached a good peak there for while I was telling you guys man the game's really fun and it's not necessarily gone like way downhill, but like it kind of at least plateaued and drifted down a tiny bit path of exile. They've been killing it for years. I mean since like what Diablo three came out Path of exile. One's been killing it, path of exile Two early access came out and the game's going to be free right now you could pay 30 bucks, which is a high point.


I'll grant for early access for like six months or a year, whatever it is. But man is it fun man? Is it challenging man? Do they listen to the community? I was telling you guys before the stream, like the game has been out less than a week as of us recording this. They've had so many patches and updates and they had a big old patch after the first weekend. They were like, Hey, we've been taking in your feedback. Here's why we're doing this, here's why we're not doing that. We understand how you feel about this. We'll see what we can do, but we don't want to go overboard and blah blah blah blah blah. And just like, I don't know, it's been so refreshing. It's been fun. And it doesn't feel like they're letting their ego get in the way. Like, like my first love Diablo sometimes does. And I don't know, I've just been having a really good time with it And it hurts me because I want to like Diablo more.


But Diablo, I think they let out a tweet at just the worst time where they're like, what if we start calling RPGs Diablo likes while they were kind of losing the battle? And it's like, ah, that's a bold take right now. That's just flailing. That's just searching for any attention they could muster. Yeah, And they got it. I mean granted they got it but I don't know man, I, I do love both games but man, even in early access with half the weapons not in the game. Like some of the class is not in the game. Bugs and crashes and whatnot, like the, you know, early access issues, which I'm not a big fan of Early access, lemme be clear. I think early access is a bit of an annoying scam but it's the game and everyone's gotta play it. So that's where we're at.


But even in that state, it's good, it's fun, it's challenging. I didn't think I would like it 'cause I'm not big on the dark souls feel of like hopelessness walking into a boss fight and just being like, Jake, my sword won 1000th of its health bar went down, it hits you once, three quarters of your health bar went down. That feeling is not usually very good for me. But something I don't know, something about this works And it feels good. Well That's good. I'm glad you found something other than hopeless. I gave you a Diablo two Point. Yeah, I didn't break up with Diablo first so I'm kind of feeling a little scummy. They're both aware of each other, right? Like I've been honest, Honest. Just not all the way honest. Honest. I don't think that qualifies as honest point Honest.


Just not like Just not truthful or Well no, no. They both know what I'm doing. Honest But not forthcoming. No, you something. You mentioned since this is a gaming podcast, something you mentioned, I'm surprised companies don't do more and I don't know the full extent, but you said that they acknowledged things that they didn't do that literally the path of exile devs were like, well this is why we're not doing that. Sorry guys. I don't get why more companies don't do that. Blizzard and Diablo four team is a little egotistical and they think they're, they know best. But there are lots of companies who do a really good job of addressing the community and even the good ones will often just, if they're not gonna do something that a lot of the community is asking about or asking for, they'll just ignore it.


And like they'll be like, we're doing this. And everyone's like, what about this thing? We always ask for if the company, even if they just said We're not doing that 'cause we don't like that as a thing for our game and we're just choosing not to do that. Yeah we could, but we don't want, we're making that choice. I feel like people would respect that and I'm just surprised that companies still haven't learned or game dev still haven't learned the the people shouting on your in your community would be just as happy if you told them no and told them why as if you did exactly what they thought they wanted you to do. They just want to be heard. Yeah and they're just like, that's not a hard lesson to learn. But companies in game devs still just like ignore the parts. They put blinders on, they're like, we answered your concerns, we're doing this thing.


And no you didn't ask for anything else. Right? Okay good. Just say we don't wanna do that or we can't because we don't have enough money or or whatever. Like people would respect that. I think Honesty and transparency would go a long way. Transparency rather. Like I don't want Diablo to be path of exile. I, I wanna make that clear. Like I don't want Diablo to all of a sudden be like, well we need dark soul style combat. I love Diablo's Combat the way it is. I think it's fine to have two a PGS with one being a little bit like just go and be God and one be a little bit more like you're really the underdog in every fight you get into like I'm fine with both styles. That's not the issue. The issue is when a Diablo four came out, so many quality of life things that were in three, even just having like a variety of types of goblins, the portal to the goblin realm, a pet to pick up your gold, they have added that sense.


But just like some of the quality of life stuff that was in three, they're like, nobody wants that. They don't want quality of life. What they want is what came out in 1998. Everyone loved Diablo two, let's give them the no quality of life features and a worst Diablo two. And it's like, no that's not it either. That wasn't the answer. So quality of life is fine And even if they missed the mark with what they were originally going for, it just feels like they drew a line in the sand and they were like, this is our game. We're doing what we want with it. And then they're still slowly bringing in all of those things as people are leaving and it's like just admit it that you guys missed the mark. And like Bob saying, be transparent about it. Make some changes, make the right adjustments and don't feel like, like path of exit. One of the devs I think said something like, we understand that people get burnout. We don't expect you to log in and play our game and only our game every day, seven days a week, play our game, have fun with it, do what you do, take a break, come back.


That's fine. Whereas a lot of games are designed to be like, you don't want to miss your login bonus 'cause the a hundred day streak is this. And it's like we don't want that. Not everything has to be battle pass. Don't miss a day, don't miss all your dailies kind of challenges. And it is just refreshing to see someone actually make a game and feel like it's out of passion rather than out of force. The masses to never leave. They only get us. There's another topic that you said at the very beginning that I want to touch on where you said $30 that was kind of high. I'm gonna make a very bold statement that is not a high price for a video game and I'm not even considering like of the scale that this game is. In 1995, a game called Earthbound came out.


So you guys probably know about it but some people out there might not. This is a very influential game made for the Super Nintendo way, way back when. It's one that I played a long time ago. You wanna know what that game costs when it came out In 1995 At like a hundred bucks or something. 69 95, Which in today's money is, Is $144 and 81 cents. That's a lot. If games prices had followed inflation like they probably should have given that the development team for that game was significantly smaller than the development teams for games today. The reason that we have all these battle passes in the malicious practices is because the consumers balked at any price increase beyond even 69.95 back then was probably pretty high but then prices went down because people were like it can't be over $50.


And then every single nudge up after that was fought tooth and nail. And I'm not blaming anyone for this but I'm, I am coming out swinging by saying $30 for a game is not a lot of money. I will agree with you. The only reason I said it was a high price is because this is a free to play game that has a $30 price just to play it early. I still think that's not Terrible And 30 is the cheap one. It's a 30, 60 and a hundred of the three prices for the three early access pack. Oh yeah, a Hundred would be kind of a lot for early access for a Free game. But, but I agree with you. I think games could cost more. Like obviously we're in a position of one, we get to write off games on our taxes. Two, it's our job three, we can afford to play these games but we have a lot of things going for us as far as paying for them.


But I agree that games have knocking up much in price as to what they should. It's just a little weird to pay $30 to basically be a beta tester for a game that will come out and be free because most of their monetization and path of ex, all of it isn't even for pay to win stuff. It is quality of life stuff like having some stash tabs that have different organization that's like the big one as far as I know. And then the rest of it's purely cosmetic stuff. And that's been their monetary model that's done very well for them apparently over the years. 'cause they've continued it even into path of exile too. Absolutely. It's all distractions and smokescreens. I like your argument Mark, but I think that that comes, I think there's a, a caveat to what you're saying that I would require in order to agree with it.


Okay. All right. And that would be, I would happily pay 80 bucks, a hundred bucks maybe more depending on the game for a game if that meant I got the whole game And it was supported and like done. And it's, it's a common talking point these days where people are people complaining about companies just crap out something and expect to, to finish it after it's released. The other thing I don't care for that I think makes the pricing would make the pricing hard to bear is like my example and it's all different now, but Destiny two, when Destiny Two came out I was like okay, it's an expense, it's a full triple A game. It's like a $60 game plus it's like a hundred dollars if you wanna buy the first however many seasons of expansions or whatever however they called it.


But even if you bought the most expensive version of Destiny two, you didn't get even everything in the first phase of life of that game. You still had to shell out for the whatever the next DLC after the ones that you got with your original pack. And I get it takes money, they make, they've made a ton of content for Destiny Two, it's become a whole other game. It's free to play now. It's a whole thing. But I just don't, I have no reason to think, oh if I spend a hundred dollars on this game, that means that'll be the full price I pay for it. It won't be there'll be a DLC. They'll do something where it's like, well if you want all of the content for this game, you also have to buy this. So if comp if, if it was a world where buying the game you, you own the game.


And maybe if that means they make less DLC and they move on once they're done, but I by still only have to pay the first price. I'm totally into that and I think that would be more than fair. But it's all the, the combination of what happened with the prices and now all the malicious tactics the companies use to keep extracting money from players. It's like it'd be a different universe, which is you're arguing it should be, but I would live in that universe happily. Here's a good example of that actually happening properly because Amy started playing Animal Crossing Pocket Camp now if you know about that. It had an end of life no longer going to make updates for the game. So what they did is they said, this is Pocket Camp complete. It's $10, you get everything that has ever happened in the game, all for $10.


And I, I'm not sure if it used to be a free to play game or whatnot Or it was, it was my mother-in-law's favorite video game in the world. It was very sad when they shut it down. Yes. And so it used to have in-app purchases and stuff like that, but now it's just everything is unlocked. You can go through the entire game all in one go because they were like, we're not gonna support it anymore. So here you go. And honestly it's a better game this way. And I know it took time to develop things. So in a weird way it's kind of like this is a pseudo early access where they like filter content over time. It's just all how you package it, that's marketing. But now that it's $10 and everything is there, it's a fantastic game. And so it's $10 a, that's a bargain for what this game can offer you if you're really a big fan of that type of, so yeah, there, there's definitely ways that it could be done but a complete game.


So much more valuable than any other, I wanna offer up this nugget as well. It's hard to get a physical copy of a game that exists forever now. And there are times where you buy a game and you're at the mercy of whatever platform you bought it on. One continuing to exist and two, continuing to have the game on there. Like Destiny. You know, if you, if you're gonna put tons of money toward a game and then like maybe after two years for whatever reason it disappears off of a platform or even 20 years, it's like, I wanna go back and play this game I bought 20 years ago. I paid full price for it. Oh that launcher no longer exists or that game is no longer on Steam or whatever have you. That's another sad and scary thing about it is like I, I've got my Sega games in a box where I can just go and pop in Lion King into a second genesis at any time. But over the years there are games that I'm sure we've added to our libraries.


I can't think of a specific example, but the other day I was gonna record, you guys know the Game Granny, it's like a horror game. Sure. So there was a granny together, like a multiplayer granny game and we, we all thought it was from the devs of Granny. I don't remember if it cost money, if it was free. Apparently it wasn't. I think someone like took Granny and Moed it and then like put it on Steam. It might have been free. I don't, I don't know. I, I didn't get a chance to pick it up. But a group was wanting to record it and I went to go get it on Steam And it was gone, did not exist. And one of our friends had it, I don't remember if it was still in their library or also gone. But point being is like, that one's a little bit of like a shady, who knows what was going on thing. But in general that can happen where you can buy a game for whatever price and then it can just vanish because you don't have a physical way of accessing it.


This Is why emulation is so important and allowing emulation to occur and keeping and collecting of ROMs, especially when something becomes abandoned wear, which is just like a software that is so old that no one really wants to maintain it. They kind of wave the, if they're not supporting it, they're not expecting to make any money off of it. So it's like those old types of games. Emulation is a huge, huge thing. And that's just from passionate people that are making things in. I, I think it's better for the gaming companies to allow stuff like that to happen, especially for older catalogs. 'cause if they're not gonna put it on their store and have in like modern hardware, be able to emulate the older stuff, then why are they worried about anyone else emulating it? They're not trying to make money off of it. Other people are just doing this for the passion and just because, and it's free for everyone else.


So no one's paying for those. Yeah. Nintendo Interesting tidbit. I talked about this recently with some other people on a live stream or something. Recently there was a ruling by the US Copyright Office that denied a proposal to a, an exemption from DMCA Digital Millennium Copyright Act that would've allowed libraries and archives such as the video game history foundation to lend out ROMs of like abandoned media, abandoned video games in particular. There are exceptions that allow for things like that to exist for like historical purposes and archival purposes. And the, the copyright office specifically ruled video games don't, don't deserve that exemption.


There were several, I won at least I think a couple online libraries where you could go and get ROMs of old games that you really can't even buy if you want to anymore. You can't do that anymore. They're shutting that down though. It's a big, it was a big cut against preservation of media because abandoned media and lost media is a huge problem in the world of video games as it is in music, movies, TVs, but like video games is a relatively young media and there are way less people who are, who are concerned about preserving it at this point. Still. There are a lot of preservation efforts for old film reels and old music and forms of media and all that sort of stuff because just older, they have more, have had more time to develop that.


There are currently games that are just falling off out of existence 'cause you can't find physical copies. They're getting old and destroyed and you, you know, the, the number of organizations trying to preserve ROMs and their ability to share them with anyone is not substantial enough to prevent things from just being lost to time. This is why people's right to privacy and whatever they wanna do in their own homes is so important. You know the adage of like, oh, if you got nothing to hide, what are you afraid of? But in reality, there are certain things no one can stop you if in the privacy of your own home. If you want to have and collect Ros of these games and stuff like that, no one can stop you if you want to share it with a friend. It's just when it gets to the point of like distributing on a larger level, people really are like, oh wait, hold on there.


But Who's gonna know? I love the visual of like, they must have been doing drug deals. There's a line of people outside this guy's house. You want some rums, You want to play Lion King Then this is, this is hypocrisy too on Nintendo's part because didn't they discover on some Nintendo event that one of their gaming stations where they had like a a even like, I think it was relatively modern stuff. They were using an emulator with ROMs of their own games in the public display where you could go up and play games wherever it was. It's like you, you're using the emulators that people put hard work into for your own benefit. So what's the deal? Well they made the emulators play their games, therefore they're their emulators, you know, the transitive Property.


I mean that actually is the most of the time. That is the argument. And they win. They win a lot. They win almost all the time. I, I think Nintendo's like, like 13 and oh for lawsuits on this kind of stuff. I Can't believe the $10 attorney I can afford can't beat their team of $13 billion Attorneys. It's also because they'll drag you to Japan and and do the court case in there. And Japan is a very strict, I would drown. That's a long drag. They're dragging you very fast so you actually step, you kind of bounce on the ocean. It's Like water skiing. It's very fun until you get there and you're in court and we your water skis in your wetsuit. It's terrible. It's terrible. Look, it's part of the strategy. My Lawyer doesn't do international law.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well you know, Rocket Money. It will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, we'd started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me there. This is Look, Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E-M-O-N-E y.com/t R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E Rocket Money dot com slash distractable.


Oh, All right. So the topic, and we're gonna move on to that. No one got the segue point. Oh wait, yes you did. You you got it. Oh, I'm giving a point to the people at home for the segue point of today in that if you thought at home that this wasn't going anywhere, you are right, because I don't have an idea for this episode Today. I got nothing. I got nothing. I'm an empty sack of shit host that doesn't have nothing. So all Of you doubters out there, probably the listeners, if we're being perfectly honest about this, it's Definitely them. Yeah, it's definitely the listeners. All of you doubted me and you're absolutely right.


So the listeners get one point and let me tell you, if the listeners end up winning this podcast, we have to delete it. I'm making that rule right now. That's Tricky. Do can we keep making more or do we have to delete it and stop? We Could pirate it. Someone could make an emulator for this podcast and then pirate the ros An emulator of a video player. I think they have those. I don't think so. I think that's not true for legal Reasons. You might not be able to for anecdotal reasons. Go for it. Okay, so there were some things that I wanted to talk about, but it was more like random things that I, I was trying to get into. I think that's allowed, one of the things that I've been interested more and more in and what probably is, I think we talked about in a previous episode was 3D printing.


And I was just like wanting to talk about, hey, I've made some, I've learned a bit about 3D printing, but there's nothing there. There's nothing substantial that I could possibly talk about. The game awards occurring right now as we're speaking this. And there was some hype that half-Life three was gonna be announced there. There was other hype about like Elder Squirrel six. I've never watched the Game award once. Oh thank God. I thought it was just me. I've never watched it Either. Okay, good. Can we, can we talk openly and encourage everyone to, to leave comments and talk openly about how little we actually give a shit about the game awards in the nicest way possible. I appreciate that. It's a nice industry event And it seems like it's very well put on Jeffrey what's his name Seems very congenial as far as I've ever seen him online.


As much as I don't give a single shit about the Oscars except for that five minute clip where Will Smith slaps Chris Rock And it's very awkward. I could not be bothered to watch the Game Awards for even a moment ever. Have you guys ever sat and watched any of the No. No, but you know they, they, I don't know what what the deal is. I'm sure money changes hands somewhere here, but game companies are using the game awards as a platform now to announce like their games and updates and dlcss and stuff. Well E three doesn't exist now. So the Game awards is the new hotness for dropping trailers and whatnot. That's that why that doesn't make sense. Like I get it's a gaming event. It's a gaming trailer. An awards show should focus on the awards. I still won't care about it but like that's what it should focus on.


Oh this, I'm gonna give you a naive Point for this. Woo. Stupid opinion naive. Everything is just so fucking greedy. Greedy. Wait, what about that is greedy? Because it's not about like this will be cool the viewers will love will be bundle these together. No, it's about getting eyes on one or the other that don't necessarily want them so that more money can change hands. That's why they do it. So not everyone's excited about everything. I think if Halflife three was announced at the game awards, even gamers who don't give a shit about Halflife would probably be moderately excited about that just because of the memes. I think there is the legitimate community excitement around like, ooh, what's gonna come, what are they gonna announce at the game awards? Is it gonna be the new Marrow win game?


Is it gonna be whatever? There's rumors, it's ex, it is exciting. It is also a business. I agree, but people are excited about that. Just not me. But they could also have an event called the Game Announcement presentation and then that could be the exciting, That's not a whole event who's going to that. It's gotta be awards. People that are excited about the game announcements and not the awards. I don't know. I think if you're excited about one, there's a decent chance you're excited about the other. 'cause I'm not excited about one or the other. So I assume it goes the other. I'm on the one end and there's another end of the scale where both of those are very cool for you, for whomever I suppose. But like I don't, it's just like whenever you're watching the Super Bowl, they're like stay tuned at halftime for the Desperate Housewives trailer.


And it's like, that's cool that that's happening. Also, I'm here for Super Bowl and or funny commercials not show trailer for your TV station, but it's your TV station. Makes sense. Go for it. Well, but the Super Bowl halftime show, that's not part of the Super Bowl if you're talking about it as a football game. But that's a thing that is as publicized as all of the rest of it. And everyone's like, Ooh, who's performing? Ooh, who's the guest artist? Ooh, that's fair. How many sharks are there gonna be? Ooh, I don't know. I just, it it, I don't like it. I don't like the bundle in force you to watch one of it you don't care about in order to watch the other Wait doesn't like things. How many points is that worth? We know he doesn't like things, there's no points for that because it's talked about every single, every single one.


But I will say the thing about the game awards that I do appreciate is that there are no other platforms for this kind of game stuff to rally around anymore. It was Bobby said, there's no E three anymore. There is nothing for it. And everyone knows award shows are money grabs. That's why people want to make them. That's why they exist in the first place. I don't like awards, but I do appreciate that there still is some place because pomp and circumstance I think is dumb. I think in general terms is dumb. But gaming does not have any like legitimacy as an art form outside of these events that have in a pomp and circumstance way because money draws attention from other people that want tickets.


Seriously. And so I believe the gaming is like a very legitimate art form in terms of storytelling and experience. And there's still, to this day, to this day, you see tweets all the time where it's like, I can't believe a grown man plays video games who this guy's like in his thirties and still plays video games. The Average age of a gamer is like 35 or something now. Yeah, exactly. And so legitimizing it in a way, even if it's a money grab and I don't wanna watch it, I still appreciate that it exists and that it's taken it, it has a certain amount of prestige to the event itself. And I think that's overall in, it's not a big jump but it's, it's a net positive for gaming.


I have never thought about this but you just made this connection for me. Mark. There are game conventions and there are the game awards is a thing. I think gaming needs needs more events and it's hard to build credibility for this sort of thing, but needs more events that are like film festivals because you said gaming doesn't have like other places where it can, you know, can take itself seriously and there can be, and I feel like gaming would do great in the format of like a film festival where it's like games, games get submitted, they're sort of reviewed or maybe there's panels or, but then there are also awards like at Con or at Sundance or whatever, all these film festivals. If a movie wins an award at one of these festivals that's not the same as Witting and Oscar.


But that is one of the avenues that films have where it's like it's building buzz. Maybe it's a smaller film, maybe it's a documentary which is never gonna be like a blockbuster, but, but that would be a thing where it's like the community can be part of it, right? You can attend. I'm just surprised that's not a thing. 'cause there are huge gaming conventions and they're very fun, but why, why doesn't Pax like, like a Fyre festival for Games? Yeah, Fyre Festival is a great example. Thank you. Why doesn't Pax like have awards or maybe they tried that And it didn't work. I feel like that'd be interesting. Like A best of show kind Of thing. Yeah, like the, like the Pax picks or some, you know, some kind of award. The end of Pax is an award ceremony and it's like these are the, the coolest games that we had this year.


Check it out and here's five game trailers. We're missing podcast festivals and awards. Oh there are. And nobody want, nobody wants that. There are those things. Nobody wants that shit. I think what it comes down to is enough prestige around it because there is a certain aspirational thing to, for filmmakers. It it's romanticized it is not exactly what people want it to be. And Hollywood Shine has, has dulled a long, long time ago, but still people look at film festivals with a certain like inspirational glamor to it. Whereas like a convention, it's, it's an everybody event. Everybody goes there and some film festivals are like that. But there is still like this kind of like, oh this is a film festival.


You have to be really, really, really good to be in this one. It doesn't even matter if it's like a local one. It's, it's a, it's a place where everyone loves status, you know, and they want to hierarchy. But with gaming it's kind of democratized in a way. It probably won't be forever. Whereas like, you know, it can still be done by a one person team and, and films can be done by a one person team. But it's incredibly difficult to do. And so when it comes to like a, a convention like that, I think what people really enjoy about is like, here's, here's here's Joe Schmoe's game A at booth 297. You know, and I think like, it, it, there really isn't someone that's gonna judge 'em 'cause they're so diverse and like it's, it's, the scales are so different and the AAA titles are the only ones that actually go to the game.


The award shows because they're, they have money putting behind it and they want to have the prestige for it. But there's so little prestige to go around that there's not enough for a bunch of film festivals to occur. I don't know if I made a solid conclusion point there, but No, I mean obviously it doesn't exist and I feel like it would if it was a feasible thing because people gaming has become very legitimized in that way in the last, you know, five years especially. But like if it was a thing that should happen, I feel like it would be happening because there would, there would be money to make in it honestly. And that would be appealing to whomever the guy who made the game awards would also make the game festival whatever. So clearly there's a reason it doesn't exist but it just, or It will now someone might have had that Leo DiCaprio moment where they're like pointing at the screen right now watching this And I get half the CR Profits Distractible claims I being Distractible team.


Well you get half a point then. Yeah, we, we I the royal Eye, okay, but I'm giving the other half to the listeners so they're climbing. So just be careful. Don't love It. Oh Bob, we gotta stop 'em. Yeah, they're getting there. Viewers, you get nothing but listeners are dominating. Yeah, the viewers are not in this, in this race anymore. And like I said, I don't have a topic this week. I have some stories that you know would probably be ahaha in a chuckle here and there Promise you if you read one of your stories it will give me an excellent jumping off point to talk about something that's just fascinating. Okay. All right. A hundred percent guarantee that's for you. You're Welcome. And I will promise you whatever what you say, I'll be thinking of path of exile right now.


Okay, good. All right. And Shakira Path of Shakira. Shakira of exile. Shakira in exile, The path don't Lie. VA officials resign after Breitbart report of staff orgy at Tennessee Veterans Hospital. Have no idea the litigative of this but Va what is va? Veterans Affairs. Veterans Affairs. I was thinking Virginia, the VA is the administration that like handles veteran benefits the VA hospitals I believe also things like the GI Bill where you get, they pay for you to go to school, that sort of stuff. They resigned because, And it was discovered that they had a staff orgy. Yeah. And again, I don't know about the validity of this story because the source, you know, is not really one to trust very much.


But several senior officials at the mountain home VA Medical Center have resigned as a sweeping internal investigation and congressional probe into allegations of widespread sexual misconduct. Intensifies a bargaining unit by a medical employee at the facility has been accused of engaging Wait one oh nevermind. Of engaging in sexual relationships with at least 32 female colleagues. What? At once? Yeah. It's not an orgy unless at least a few of those were all at once. But okay, the Man whose name has not been disclosed and several of the women involved reportedly shared details of their encounters on an online forum. Within a government communication portal meant for VA operations and healthcare discussions.


Investigators also uncovered allegations of an orgy involving at least 12 VA employees. Oh, there You go. It remains Okay though. It remains unclear whether the incident occurred on federal property or offsite. Additionally, two employees reportedly admitted to engaging in sexual activity on the grounds of medical center. Now most companies of any type would have probably have, they have stipulations in your employment contract for, you know, Fraternization. Fraternization. That's the term. Yes. And so those are, those are probably enforceable in some way, shape or form. But then again you hear about workplace romances all the time because as you're an adult you have so few places to interact with other people your age or you know around there. So you know, the social interactions you have are limited to often work experience because we work until we die.


This Doesn't say they have any kind of relationship. They just, fuck. That's a good point. What's the definition of fraternization? I don't actually know that. I guess they do have to be concerned about like disease or STDs and stuff. 'cause you don't want a staph infection. No. And that can happen. That you can have St STIs that just rifle on through everybody involved there. I would love to see the email where it's like, Hey Ted, I got the document requested also, you come to the orgy tonight and then like the business like signature at the bottom. It feels like the thing that's not being said in that article. Oh by the way, mark Fred organization is the active establishing intimate or familiar relationships between individuals or groups, particularly when those associations are considered inappropriate, unethical, or problematic in specific contexts.


Well this doesn't seem problematic at all. And it feels like the higher ups who resigned as a result of this knew about and or in some way condoned or did nothing to put an end to this, this happening. It seemed like the one guy was kind of the heart of the problem. Like he's just a horn dog who can't keep it in his pants at a, in a place of business where he's supposed to be working and not trying to pick up women to sleep with. Like he, this guy was like, Hey boss, I totally hooked up with what that girl that I was telling you about. And the boss is like, nice, she's so hot. And that's, that's that's fishy feels like they're not saying part of that. How charismatic is this guy? That's the question.


Well you gotta think he's great at icebreaking, right? 'cause he is made friendships and more with all these people plus team bondage activities. This guy's top of the chart. I could never tell if you do that on purpose or not In bondage. Oh I did. Yeah. That, that one was on purpose. Oh Wait, I I just want you to know I gave you half a point for staph infections but I gave a half a point to the listeners again because they had to hear it. Damnit you gotta be careful with that man. Why? Why does that go To them? Because they Had to hear it. I heard it Too Bobby. I there's only half point to go around. There are smaller fractions. I'm just saying. But that's, that's fine, that's fine. But it's Bigger numbers and that doesn't make any sense to me. So I can't, I can't deal with that. It is confusing. Yeah. So it's this guy that's the issue.


What if these women couldn't help but be swooned by his riz? I get that in, in a workplace. If you were this man's manager and this came to light, you would kind of be like, wow, one, how did I not notice this? And two, that's clearly gonna cause some problems. But if everyone who was involved was consenting, there's nothing in here that this was like using a position of authority to inappropriately pressure people to do things or it sounds like it was consensual between all the people who'd had who fraternized it is perhaps unethical and definitely like not a thing thing you want in your, in your, you know, organization. It doesn't honestly sound that bad to maybe I'm just a weird freak And it doesn't, I should be more weirded out.


It doesn't sound that bad to me. Does It happen during work or at work? It didn't say that. It didn't say anything about like, oh they did it in patients' rooms or something like, it sounds like there's just a bunch of horny people that all work at this place and this one dude just rised out of his fucking mind. I would read more of the article, but it's one of those articles where like, please subscribe to be able to know more about this story. So it's, it blurs down right after that. Oh wait, do you know about the 12 foot ladder website? Mark the what? One two ft.io. You can put pay walled articles into it and sometimes it will be able to get you an un pay walled version of it. It's a, it's a 12 foot ladder to get you over that paywall. That sounds pretty cool. But I like where this quote cuts off because there's a quote at the very bottom of this that I can't read anymore.


But it says quote, the fact that the culture would even allow this to happen in the first place is absolutely wild. And so we don't know if they're positive or negative about that, about that. He said absolutely wild. I know the guy, the guy writing the article is like, this is crazy man. I wanna go work at the va. That's Wild. And no one over here is trying to have orgies to tell you that much. Oh man. Alright, so I'll leave that mystery there. I'll save the 12 foot ladder for later, but I'll give you a point for telling me about that. 'cause that would be very helpful. It's a good website. It doesn't always work, but it's a good website when it does work. It's very useful. Well I hate it that like I'm subscribed to like Apple News on my phone.


I would use it more if the news app on the phone was in any way actually useful. Oh, it's terrible. I'm surprised at how bad it is. Yeah, I just, I I paid for it 'cause I'm like, I want to know what the news is and I'm like, well, well as soon as I try to click on an article, it updates and then I accidentally click on a different one and then I can't find the article that was just there a second ago. That happens so much. Just please update after, after I like, I look at it because I have just enough time to read the article, be like, Ooh, that looks going. It literally so many times I go to press it refreshes. It's infuriating anyway. No, for how good most of apple's default apps are. Especially on iOS. There's a lot of like winners where it's like you don't even on Android you might get a different calendar app or, or to-do list or something.


Apple stuff is by and large, pretty good has a lot of features. The news app, absolute letdown. And it's been the same since it launched. I go back to it periodically just to be like, should I get, should I do this for my news? No, I should not. It's still unusable and it's still stupid and they think you can read magazines in it for some reason. Who wants that anyway? I'm pro orgies at work. Just gonna throw that out there. Okay, you're who's, who's, who's anti orgies. Raise your hand. It's Gotta be Wade. I guess I'm pro. Do I have to be anti No, you don't, you don't have to be anti Oh good. But there was a point if you were, If you don't mind being a nerd, I don't want that point. I'd rather stand on my orgy principles. The Distractible orgy will commence in three.


Next episode. Title the orgy. Hey, we can afford it now. Price of baby oil's gone down. Is that too soon? Too soon For what too? What do you mean? Yeah, you should say, is it too late to make that joke? Because that's not even close to topical anymore. Is that too soon or too late? It could go either way. All right. Next episode's The orgy. It's agreed. All right, next episode. Orgy. All right. I Like how Mark, just let me walk away from my guarantee on that last news article. I mean, I did talk. Oh yeah. Wait, no, hold on. Yeah. What was that? I could Have just said nothing and let that go. I'm so fascinated, dude. I think You got away with It already. I mean, I, I talked, I said things I'm pro orgy. I made, I took a, I took a stance.


But you did say you had an article and I want to know what it is now. No, I said I was gonna, it was gonna be a jumping off point and I was gonna have just a fantastic topic And it, it would make the whole episode. Oh I just made a very big promise about how how much I was gonna have to say about I gotta be, I gotta be honest, you delivered an article I wasn't ready for you threw me off. I wasn't ready for va. 'cause there's a lot of stuff I know about the VA that that is very mixed and or negative. And I wasn't ready for orgies, which you'd think I would be ready for in this podcast. But Then we're gonna double it and pass it on to the next person. That doesn't mean you get it weighed. That doesn't mean you get it. Who else is here? Who, when I read this next one, which I think will be a short discussion, whoever has the greatest topic in the world after that will get two points.


Perfect. Okay. All right. Police illegally sell restricted weapons to supply crime. And this is where I'm actually gonna use the 12 foot letter because it won't even let me scroll a little bit that That's all the words you get on that one. Okay, let's try this. So in this is again, genius police work occurring in this police station where they are selling illegal weapons to supply crime a dare Iowa, which I don't know what happens in Iowa but I know it ain't good. You say deer Iowa or a dare. You Don't know a dare. Its a dare brought over liar. Dear Iowa, they have a population of 794. So small town, right? A little bit of Suspicions Were raised when the three person police department asked regulators to buy 90 machine guns including an M1 34 Gatling style mini gun capable of shooting up to 6,000 rounds of ammunition every minute.


Right? That's a lot of peacekeeping. That piece will be kept. They just wanna play real life cops and Roberts god that most police officers do, don't they? They really Do. So they asked regulators to what approve their budget so they could make that purchase. God damn I want to get to this quote and then I'll let you guys run with it. So federal agents later discovered a dares police Chief Bradley went, was using his position to acquire weapons and sell them for personal profit. A jury convicted went earlier this year of a conspiracy to defraud the United States lying to federal law enforcement and a legal possession of a machine gun. In response to this went said, if I'm guilty of this, every cop in the nation's going to jail went told CBS news just days before a federal judge sentenced him to five years in prison.


So Five years is all you get for that. Yeah, apparently. I don't know how successful he was, but he must have been a little bit, at least what did He like sell one pistol. And he is like, I can't believe I got away with that. I better order a Gatlin gun and 30 bars and nine r fifteens. How? I don't get like there's no subtlety ever with any of this in in anything where it's like people find a tiny bit of success. You'd think that they would just squeak through. Just try to just really like wr it out slowly by slowly. But no 90 machine guns for a three person police department in an 800 population Town. I would love to see the paperwork because that sort of stuff, I'm sure there were forms or something or there.


I'm sure there was a place where it was like, and what are these? What's this purchase weapon ring gonna be used for? And he was just like, oh practice. You guys have had three pistols in the last 10 years. You need a 90 machine gun upgrade. Last year you approved the purchase of a rack that actually holds 140 of these guns and one Gatling style mini gun. And so we have that rack in the back room And it's empty. And so I'm like wow, we should probably, if we're not gonna put it to use, what's the point? So we should probably get some guns to put on the rack. You know, It was either sell it or you know, fill it.


And also it's 140 guns so we need 50 more But we already sold, I mean decommissioned the machine guns that were on it, we gotta refill it. Those things degrade fast. No they really, they spoil on you. It's like avocados. You wanna make sure you keep replenishing. 'cause you never know when it's gonna go from ripe to, you know, to brown mush Idea. You can't three Months good frozen only two months if not stored properly. Best Guns flash frozen right after they're caught. Pull out your freezer bag of AK 47. Well one of our two freezers in the basement go out. We had a whole batch of guns tall on us, really threw off the whole cycle. We need to, we need to get stocked back up.


And we need a new freezer too. Oh, these guns, they're organic. Oh, no pesticides here. Monsanto ain't got nothing on this non GMO. Actually, I want the full GMO gun. I want the craziest. I would love to know how much he got away with before this though, because this is this, this to me reads like, this is not the first time he did it. And this was the one where he is like, well, no one said a damn thing. I've been doing this for years at this point. No one's even ever asked me a question. Let's just raise the stakes a little bit and then I'll make more money all at once. It'll just, it'll just be easier. 70 Or less machine guns, nobody asks a question as soon as you go over 71, that's when the investigations come in.


Buried in the court documents is like, yeah, Mr. Went had been requesting 68 rifles per year for the last seven years. And regulators were like, that's about right for three police officers. But when he asked for 90 and a mini gun, they were like, oh, look, I love guns as much as the next guy. But that's a lot of arms for three guys. So apparently, I don't know how much they were doing it there, but there were 58 cases that CBS news identified where law enforcement officers were criminally charged with illegally selling their weapons. Of those 58, 56, either admitted guilt or were convicted.


So, and then two denied wrongdoing and weren't convicted or whatever. So 56 out of the 58 of that were found were guaranteed to have these guns sold to other places. But that doesn't speak to how many nationwide has occurred, but 26,000 guns found from American crime scenes were traced back to government agencies between the years of 2017 and 2021. It seems like a lot of guns. That feels like a large, I will say, this is gonna sound like I am making an excuse and I'm not. I do think, I wonder how much of this comes from a place of knowing how government, our government stuff works a little bit, especially federal funding.


I do know that in a lot of places, in a lot of like budget concerns, if you have, if they give you a budget for something, like let's say there's a federal grant or something for a police department and they're like, okay, you could spend $25,000 here's, and we'll give that to you. But you have to, you know, tell us what you bought and track everything. And then if you spend $22,000 of that budget and you leave extra the next year, they'll be like, well, you only need $22,000. Right, okay, we'll just shrink that down a little bit. There's this weird pressure in governmental settings where it's like, you, you better not fucking go over the budget by a single penny, but every little bit that you're under that number is also a penalty because we're just gonna take that away and assume you don't need that money anymore.


We'll just take that back. Yeah. And so there's like, it's a weird game of like, what can we buy? It probably shouldn't be guns. The the decision making in the what they bought is I think the problem. But like, I get that there's probably a lot. That's why a lot of police departments, it's like, well, we just bought two new cruisers last year and we barely use 'em, but we have this extra money. So I guess we're getting another new Ford Explorer or something. Because if we don't spend it, we lose it. We might as well just have a, a car I guess, or, so it's a weird pressure. I didn't even think of that because that is, that is something that I've heard of before. And this comes down to where government records and keeping track of everything is very difficult because, 'cause the country is very big.


And this is, this is a problem and this is where Probably I, This is a slippery slope for me to say, but this is where like, you know, more in intelligent systems. I'm not saying AI specifically, but if there was way to better categorize and understand what each individual department was doing, then budgetary tracking could happen. But it's just so unfeasible because of how big it is. And you would need more, you would need as many people as are in those industries just to keep track of what they're all doing. I don't know how the IRS knows everything that they know. They Don't, there's so, I don't know anything except for the people that they're like, well, you're in trouble. We're gonna get you. Why pick you? And then they just target their five agents. They have available on that one 70 Plus guns red flag goes off in their email inbox ee mey miny Fire.


I like to think it's like working in the medical industry. Like the drug companies would come and like take doctors and stuff out to lunches and they'd give like samples of their products and stuff like the nras one to different police stations, like whining and d like, oh, you want some samples? And it's just like a box of machine guns. I think that is actually illegal even in this country. But they a hundred percent take police, like police officers out to lunch and are like, oh, here's a laser site for your service pistol. Oh, here's a, here's some high capacity magazine. You wanna try these out? We got a bunch of these over in the truck. They absolutely anything that's technically legal, they totally do that, I'm sure, because that happens, that happens across industries. And the gun industry is just a very, very large industry in this country.


I mean, how, what, what's the statistic? How many guns to the population in America? Like how many guns? Isn't it? Like each person could, could have like a hundred guns or something ridiculous. There Are 393 million guns estimated in the United States, which is more than enough for one, for every gun. 120 guns for every a hundred Americans. Americans. So everyone gets also 0.2 of another gun after they get assigned their first gun. But that Includes children too. That includes every American, doesn't it? They get A piece of a gun as they grow up every year they get another piece so that by the time they're an adult, they can assemble. All right, here's, here's your receiver. All right. It's Like Hogwarts, you know, the gun chooses The American.


A kid walks into a gun shop or there's just a crazy old guy who's just like, let's try this one. Click it, hands it to the kid, the kid just like, oh, bang bag. The guy's like, Nope, not that one. Not that one. I shouldn't laugh because this is probably closer than Mark than I want it to be for Anyone outside of America. This is exactly how it works. We're all assigned a gun at birth. Doctor, my baby's out of ammo. I need a G section. All right, That's enough of that topic. Who's got the transition? Who's got the ultimate other topic? The listeners Probably what? Don't just, what are we doing here? Giving up, man, Calm down. Oh, okay. Do you have it? Oh, I was thinking, oh, I'll, I'll distract some more.


Could be the viewers. I mean, the viewers have village not have been doing a whole lot, so maybe they have the transition. You know what the second most highest country of gun ownership is? Which I, I didn't think of this. I actually don't. France. France is like 11th on the list. Guns. Who loves guns? I feel like Aussies love guns, but I know that they have some actually pretty strict gun regulations and that they had a whole buyback program that happened with a while ago. So yeah, they don't Have any guns in Australia. They're all like knives and stuff. Now. Ottoman Empire, The, the Vatican City, Every, every priest has a Gun. God, clearly heaven By number might numeric, numerical, just pure guns.


It's India. India has the second most, 71 million, but their per population is very low. The second per population is Saudi Arabia. Actually it's the Falcon Islands. The Falcon Islands. The Falcon Islands. The Falcon Islands got 'em all. No, no, no. And then actually Canada's pretty high up there, which makes sense. Canada makes sense. Yeah, That makes sense. They Act like they're all nice and the things they say, I can't think of stereotypically damn them. Yeah. Damn. Those people, editors have him canceled by putting in the worst country. He could say Worst country about penis land. Can't believe this guy. All right, Bob, do you have a transition?


I saw a hilarious news article and I don't, oh, it's 'cause Australia came up. This is, I don't know if this is complete grand slam, but I'm teeing it up here. Wade might have to bring it home. I saw it's actually not a news article. This is a first, first source. It was a post on social media. There was a woman who I believe is Australian, possibly British, I don't remember. She looks kind of like Ray Gud, the infamous Australian break dancer from the Olympics. And she was in the process of writing and producing a musical about her story of going to the Olympics and being the break dancer and representing Australia. I think it was meant to be funny. I think it was a comedic thing.


So it was not like, not potentially gonna make Ray Gunn look very good. It was gonna, he was making light of it, which I think a lot of people made a lot of jokes. Prob probably pretty fairly. But anyway, this, this woman was working on this And it was a whole thing. And like she, this was like it was going to happen. She was just working on finishing it up and so that it could, you know, start to be performed. And apparently Ray Gunn's lawyers sent a cease and desist and or potentially filed a lawsuit claiming that this musical was going to be damaging to her brand and could not be performed. And also that the dancer from Australia, Ray Gunn, I can't remember her real names, unfortunately, owns the Kangaroo Break dance move that she did.


And so the woman who was making this satirical musical would be violating like trademark because that dance is wholly owned by the original dancer who did it in the Olympics. And so that musical apparently is no longer going to exist. There was a lot of, there were a lot of comments from people in America who were like, Hey, move, move it over here, move the production to America. We have copyright laws that allow protection in cases of parody, which is just, is, you know, this is that exact kind of thing. It's gonna be a funny parody of the story, but apparently, apparently Reagan owns the kangaroo dance and also is afraid that that musical is gonna be really damaging to her otherwise impeccable reputation.


Also, my favorite moment from the social media post that I saw, the woman who posted it, it was a video, what she said that they were, that the music would be damaging to her reputation. She was like, I, she doesn't need me. I'm not, I couldn't damage it anymore than it's anyway. And she like moved on. But it's really, it's sad and it's bullshit. I mean obviously Ray Gun doesn't want that happen 'cause it's funny and she doesn't want people laughing at her, but that's just how the world works. You're allowed to make jokes about funny shit. You're gonna go and do break dances that are objectively outside of the norm for how break dancing looked by everyone else who did it at the Olympics. And I think arguably objectively funny in that she was Australian and was clearly doing a kangaroo dance.


And that's funny how in the, how could you possibly think that people are not gonna make jokes about that. How would you possibly think that you could stop them with lawyers aside from the fact that she successfully did. 'cause this woman has no money or, you know, ability to defend herself. And so she's like, I'm just gonna not do it 'cause I can't afford to go to court over this or whatever. Like I, what am I supposed to do? Well, Did you see the musical, it was supposed to be cast, it was starring Brian Kran. It was gonna be called Breaking Sad. That's Another point of the listeners. Dude, I, I knew before you even said the punchline, that was gonna be a listener point because of the smile on your face. Why can't I be happy? Well, okay, so I have, I I have another, you know Wade, you're not the only one here because I wrote down plus two for re gun play and then in parentheses I put Play Gun.


So I have to give another point to the listeners for hearing that, Mark, no, you're doing this to us. I know, but it's all over now. So we just need to read the points and wherever the chips have fallen, they're falling right there. So that was a great episode. Well done. You really filled in the void of me not having any idea of what we're doing at all. Bob, you knew what Distractable was. I forgot to ask what this podcast was to wait. Oh Right. But we'll have to get to that next episode. You lost a point for being first. You got a point for being sick, but that's the last point. You can never get a point again for being sick. You got a caveat point. You got a, then you're in Court point for the Japan dragging, you got half a point of profits, which is pretty good. You know, in the long run that's gonna earn you a lot.


12 ladders, great suggestion. And then you got the plus two for re gun play. Gun wait, you got a water point, you got Diablo two point. You lost a point for cheating and I don't remember why. No, he Cheated. He cheated. You got A nugget point, you got a naive point. You got plus half point for staph infections. You got plus one for farm fresh guns, which I don't think is what you said, but it Was, that's not what he said at all. Oh, I think I did word For word. The listeners. Oh God, they got a point for nothing. They half a point in profits that are shared with Bob, they got a half a point for staff affections, which are shared with Wade. They got a breaking sad point and a play gun point. Hey Wade, Think you're breaking sad Point. Just four points for the listeners. Now, if you were counting before, I don't think we have to end the podcast. I think, I think we're Good.


Wade, you got four and a half points. Take That listeners. But Bob, you got one, three or five? Six and a half. Six and A half. Okay. All right. That brings him up to the winning score. Congratulations, Bob. If I had made as many dad jokes as Wade did, we've just ended the episode right there, cut to black, delete it all done forever. I still beat them for the record. That's the narrowest win to the listeners that we've had on the show yet. Hey, The Chiefs are doing it every game. Why can't I Don't talk about Patrick Mahomes? To me, Collinsworth does it enough for everybody. Mark knows what I'm talking about. I definitely do. Yes I do.


Yes. Winner speech. Bob, congratulations. It's been a hot minute since I won. I'm excited. It feels good. I, I've forgotten how great it feels to come out on top, even though I worked hard and I earned it, it still feels good to be recognized for it. You know, I, I've, I've, I work hard every episode. You're not gonna win 'em all. But it's rewarding when it pays off. And also to the listeners, you almost had 'em. I believe in you. Next time I win, I want the listeners right up underneath me in second place there so we can all look down on Wade together. Maybe the viewers will even do it someday. Maybe we'll push Wade off the podium. Wouldn't that be a world to live in anyway? Thanks. Appreciate it. Okay, Wade, are you gonna take that standing down?


Standing up, sitting down. I will boldly. But also I was gonna make a musical about my failures in this episode and my terrible jokes. I decided to sue myself to stop myself from making the musical. All right, go Ahead. Start the musical and editors hit the music. Da ba I'm not editor. Editors. Editors alright. But yeah, I'm suing myself. I can no longer make this musical. I decided it would, it would ruin my brand name. It was gonna be called Breaking Dad for my dad jokes. Okay, there we go. That's for you buddy. I don't have a song and this immediately, woo. Oh, come on. You can sing. You can improv sing. We all know you can. I can, But I just lost that.


I don't wanna, you know, if I had won, I would've given you all the musical performance of a Lifetime. I don't believe you. You're probably right. I could still make you the winner. No, I don't think I can at this point. You can't. Bob would have so many flags thrown that we might as well be a a United Nations. No, an Emissary, no, an embassy. What's the place that has all the flags? I think you got it right the first time. If you were going for the place with all the flags, not gonna lie. All right. Six Flags It. Doesn Theme Park. We won't have so many flags. We're either gonna be the UN or Six flags. So we'll see you at Six Flags in the episode. Next episode. Thank you everybody so much for watching and especially for listening. Wink. I shouldn't have made that wink audible.


Well Then the listeners would've gone. It was for them. Yeah, sure was. Yeah, definitely. 'cause we love listeners. All right. Follow the podcast or else thank you podcast out. Oh, follow these guys. I said it. It's too late. Dammit.