
This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard, up to half off select plants and other Deals. Plus, they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible Offer Is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made.


Why This episode is brought to you by World Id ever missed out on concert tickets because of Bots World ID is a digital identity that anonymously proves you are a unique human online. It's like a priority lane for humans. In the age of ai, you can easily and privately prove you are a human online and access things. Only humans should like event tickets, dating apps, financial services, and video games. Join millions of humans across more than 160 countries and get your free world ID by visiting world.org.


This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot Couch. Co-op is coming back, I feel it in my bones. There's a new game that I just played recently where you use your phone as a controller and I think building the perfect room for Couch co-op is in my future. You Need to go to the Home Depot and to their tools section, their power tools of which they have many. Just buy all the power tools in that aisle and go home and then all your problems are solved. How many tools per square foot are we talking? Do I need enough tools to cover the floor or to reach the ceiling or You just need more tools? You don't need to have a number that you need to reach, you just need to get all the way up until you can't buy anymore. Then you have enough. But it's not enough because that was a trick question. You'll never have enough. You Can have it delivered. So people like me that don't like to leave their house and or don't have cars can just have everything they need brought to them. It's the ultimate Lazy Man's construction method. Click or tap the banner to shop. Now.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by DOOM. The Dark Ages. Its software presents DOOM, The Dark Ages, a dark fantasy sci-fi experience that brings epic combat and over the top visuals to the legendary DOOM franchise dominate demon infested battlefields with devastating weapons. Soar on a Mecca dragon and witness the creation of a legend as the slayer takes on hell itself. DOOM The Dark Ages available now on Xbox Series X and S, PlayStation five and pc. Ready in for mature.


Good evening, gentle listener or watcher and welcome to Distractible this episode business like Bob Potty Chains. James shows Scots brutality and trials his troops to predict the providence of products. Winnowing. Wade cares for the elderly, makes an admittance and says no to textures. Mannequin mark rejects poop fiction, defends curiosity, then plugs, wounds, and kills warts from car, car cartoons to immobile Pontes. Yes, it's time for A Disgusting Episode. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello everybody. Welcome back to another episode of Distractible. That's right, you're listening to my favorite podcast. It's the only thing I listen to my car in the shower while I sleep. This is the only show I listen to. I am Wade, what are you laughing at? What's so funny? I love the whole, I was just thinking, you know, a thing that some people do before they speak out loud. Now you, I've never done That. I know. Anyway, if you've ever see the show before I'm hosting because I won the last one, which means that I am hosting. See, this is why you think this is why I need time to think. Wade, this is what happens. I'm hosting and Mark and Wade are competing to see who will host the next one.


One of them will host the next one unless I win, which isn't technically impossible, but I don't think that's gonna happen. You guys are around it today, right? How are you doing? How are we feeling today? Pretty Good, Ben. Hey, question guys. Does it look like I'm wearing a jacket and no shirt? Yes, a little bit. Yeah. Are you wearing like the deepest V in existence or what's going on? No. Oh, there it's, There is. Thought you were going for the Hugh Hefner today. I thought you just came in a robe with a hat. But I just, I realized like I could technically just, I guess show up in a jacket and no shirt and maybe no one would question it. Listeners definitely not questioning it, Honestly. Like some people online would be like, did you guys notice? Nah, whatever.


Just doing something, it's fine. Anyway, so I just wanted to put that out there into the World. Well, now I can't stop thinking about Mark not wearing a shirt. So thanks for that. It would be really funny if I secretly took it off and then throughout the episode I just started like standing up on my tippy toes. You just keep pulling. It's actually not connected. It's just straps up over your shoulders. You just slowly keep pulling it down as it goes on Nam, it really goes down. It really goes. It's stupid Stretchy. That's the thing. It's like very stretchy. But if You're not wearing a shirt and we get the, the bonus point for match your background, your skin tone. Right on. It's true. Yeah, I'm, I'm pretty, pretty magic.


I am not today. Well, if we get that in an hour from now, won't that be relevant Then I have to put the phototop and the Fucking No, don't, I don't think we need to do that. It's okay Anyway. Miracle of miracles. I have an episode prepared again, usually I show up with nothing and we just to do whatever. And it turns out how it turns out I have a script in front of me. Well, I wouldn't call a script. Let's all go crazy. But I have things and we're gonna talk about those. But the tradition is, before we talk about the stuff I have written down, we do small talk. What's been going on with you guys? Any flooded toilet poop situations looking at you Wade? You poopy Poops? Well, no, just our poopy cat.


We got those like dog training paper things. You put down the little potty pads or whatever and he uses them about 60% of the time. So we have had about 60% less poopy floor. That's an improvement. Yeah, that's the only poopy update I've got. He just, he just decided it gets litter boxes forever. Huh? We think it has something to do with hip going through kidney failure to some extent. Yeah. Well, KES has been around Al I think he is 18. About 18 When I'm that, when I'm 18 years old, I'll poop wherever I want to. I've decided Do you still multiply by seven for cats if you're out their age? Is he like 140 or something? I don't actually know how old.


How old is cats? That's what I'll Google. How old is cats? How old is cats? That was a great Question. A cat's first year of life is equivalent to about 15 years of human life and the second year is nine more. And after that they're generally around four human year. Of course cats are more complex. Dogs is like, yeah, just seven, multiply by seven. And cats is like, well it's, it's 15 years and then seven years And that's like one year. But then it's like eight years do math. I'm a cat 24 plus 16 times four in parentheses. I'm not doing that. That's how old he is. It's Pretty old. Yeah. That's good though. That's a 60% poop improvement. Mark, how much is your poop improved?


My poop is Greater than 60%. Like probably 80 I would say improvement. I, you know, actually I realize I don't want to talk about that poop at all. Sorry. I find this topic disgusting. You know, actually I'm gonna know. But this, Well, it could be any poop improvement. That's not the poop that comes out of you exclusively, obviously. I mean, to get so personal with you, dude, You know, I just don't need anyone knowing that I poop. I, I just don't need people knowing that I got a book. I think you should read Mark. It's gonna really change your life. Crazy Caterpillar. It's Called Everybody Poops. Oh, And James is reading it a lot right now.


Just check it out. I've seen that book. That book is fucking disgusting. It's the grossest book I've ever seen. Potty trading. Potty trading in general. Like, I don't know what I thought it was gonna be, but it's, it's more concerning than I expected. Like one method of potty training is your baby doesn't wear pants now your baby is just full Winnie the poo. And if and when they start peeing or pooping while you're just doing like everyday life, like you're in the living room and they just start going, you just pick 'em up and run to the bathroom and be like, in the toilet, in the toilet, in the toilet. That's so terrifying. It's a technique that I'm not gonna do. And then like James is interested in the toilet now and the other day I was like, Ooh, dad needs to go to the bathroom, hang on.


And Mandy was like, oh, maybe James wants to see how the bathroom works. And I was like, oh, why would he wanna see that? That doesn't sound good. And I thought about it and I was like, no, that's actually what I'm supposed to do, isn't it? I'm supposed to bring my son into the toilet so we can talk about how the toilets work and I can, it's cons I don't like, it's concerning. It's good that he'll be able to use a toilet at the end of it, but all the rest of the in-between parts, I never thought all the way through how that works and I don't care for it. Make it less concerning. Get one of those things they use the bypass drug test the ator and you can use that to demonstrate. Interesting. That sounds worth it. Probably. I have a question because I just looked up the book. Everybody poops expecting to find the page that I saw in a store one day.


Sure. And I'm not seeing it. What book did I see that was like a madman, scrawling of a bunch of animals and then poop literally filling every single square inch of the page. Is that not that book? I don't specifically remember that page As being for the version. I swear to God, I'm not joking. I went into bookstore, I was like, oh, everybody poops Marks in an adult bookstore in the fetish section. Fetish section. No, this was not that. It was awful. It was just like there was animals everywhere and there was just brown scrolled everywhere. And I'm like, this is a horrible book.


But everyone says it's saw. This is a book. My kids learned how to poop. And I look at it and I'm like, this is a nightmare. What in the world is this? I think it was in Barnes and Nobles. What book did I see? I don't know. But I would, I would love for you to retrace those steps and try and find it. Where what then what did I see? You should probably Google that. I am illustrated book page with animals. Ocean of poop. See what comes up. Oh, You got adults does shits. Let's see, I'll, I'll torture chat. GPT with this question. This is, this is the kind of things you should ask. All right. Am I crazy?


Stop there man. The answer's obvious. Well, you guys carry out, I'm gonna, I'm gonna ask about this. Yeah, Bob, get a ator. That way you don't have to like, it's, it's probably less awkward. That sounds like it will definitely not cause problems. Or confuse him or scar him for life. Yeah, it's funny but it's one of my least favorite things about parenting stuff. There's so much stuff that comes up where it's like, I knew that these things were gonna happen intellectually, but I didn't think through like practically what it was gonna be like. And you just get in the situation and they're like, like, oh, he, he pooped in the tub during a bath. Ah, shoot. And then it's like, wait, what do we do? And they're like, well get the poop out of the tub, obviously. I'm like, is there a scoop for that or, oh, with my hand?


No. Oh no. Like there are, there are better solutions, but there are just so many moments like that where they're like, oh yeah, just bring your, just bring your kid into the bathroom with you and show him how you pee in the toilet. Oh really? Everyone else who talks about it is like, yeah, obviously all parents do this. This is totally normal. Just bring your kid in the bath, go to the bathroom with someone and be, and while they watch you be like, this is dad's zipper, this is how, and then we flush dad's pee down the toilet and it's like, like I get why that's normal intellectually, but it's hard to just go from I pee and poop alone by myself in the bathroom for my entire life that I can remember to Yeah. Son, come in here. Let me show you something. Yeah, That is weird.


Lemme show you how dad gets work done in the office. Especially Being tall. 'cause a kid coming in at that height is right in the splash. Damage like height. That's God Terrifying. Oh God. Only animals stand up and pee in their own home toilets. I like to sit too, but I thought if you were teaching it was a teaching a stand. You're teaching a Sit. Yeah. Well that's the thing is that I, I I, I thought about it and I looked into it and everyone's like, yeah, well you should stand up so they can see better. I was kind of trying to have them not see better if I'm honest about it. But that is the point, isn't it? He's supposed to. Okay. Well this is an exciting new chapter. Mark, did you find your weird fetish book yet? No. There's two versions of this book. The gross one and the regular one or what?


Literally there are two books called Everybody Poops Is one of them. Narrated by Samuel L. Jackson in kind of a joke. No, it's okay. So there's one that you know of that's made by Tarot Gome with like four squares on the front. Is that the book you have? That sounds right. Four squares, like a horse and A Kid and a duck and an Apple, right? Sure, yeah, yeah, Yeah. There's another book called Everybody Poops by Justine Avery with a bunch of people on the front. And all of 'em say, I do, I do, I do, I do.


And I can't find an interior page of this book, but I bet have it delivered. I'm not gonna buy it. I'm not gonna buy it, But, but if you, what if you need to know what's in that book? You didn't even read the content. You were so surprised at the, the imagery. There's A coloring book version of it comes with one color Crayon. Gonna, I'm gonna need like five more Brown Crayons. Dad, I'm assuming that was, that's not the cover of the book as you've described it. No, no. Why did you pick up the book? Everybody poops and crack open to a page. It's bad luck that that's the specific thing you saw, but what'd you see that and be like, oh, that can't be right. And like, go check and see what the, what the book was about or something.


You Wouldn't think that if you've heard like, yeah, this is a great book for kids to learn how to poop. And I'm like, is it, this looks weird. Flip it open Ha, Slam It closed. What do you do in a bookstore? Why is the weirdest thing in a bookstore in a crack open A book? I don't generally go look at kids' books even though I have a kid. It was In a center aisle. It was in one of the tables in the middle. On the way in. If I, if I had that thought thought if I was walking past it, I had, I would look at it and be like, oh, that's that book kids used to learn how to go to the bathroom. That doesn't apply to me. And then I'd keep going. I'm so glad that your curiosity is dead, dead in the water. How Do the other half live?


Look, if you saw this cover, you might also be like, that's kinda weird Peak. I hope it's like a horror novel. It's supposed to be terrifying and awful. It was. It was. But I, the thing is, I can't find anything on Google that shows any interior of that book. There is nothing. All right. Mark had a fever Dream of a poop book. It might've Been, maybe it was. Who knows? He found the Jumanji of poop books. Wait, can I just point out the, the thing about this whole story that's possibly the weirdest part. You were in an actual physical bookstore. I don't even know where there is one of those around me anymore. They all keep closing Barnes and Noble. Is it Barnes and Noble?


Still around. There used to be like a Barnes and Noble or a or a, the other one in every strip mall in the world it felt like. And now I feel like I, if I had to go to a bookstore, I'm not sure where where one is that I would go to. Did you go to the bookstore on purpose or are you just like at the mall or something? No, there's a bookstore out here. If he were in lovely Los Angeles in Glendale, which is not actually, I don't know if they're part of Los Angeles. I have no idea. Glendale has a Barnes and Noble in the, what's called the Americana. I Have been there. I've heard that. The Offspring song. Welcome to Americana. That's what it is. Anyway, I'm jealous of your Los Angeles bookstore. We don't have that kind of fancy stuff here. I haven't been in years. This was many, many moons ago.


I think we literally have a Barnes and Noble in Cincinnati. At least one. I mean there probably is one, but like I, growing up, I knew where several different bookstores were that I could have gone to. Oh Yeah, there's a lot Less. I'm sure there is one, but I don't know where it is. Like there's not one at any of the shopping centers I go to normally. It's weird. There's a very simple way to solve it. I just Googled It. No, that sounds stupid. This is how we got in the, didn't mention Jungle Gym's problem. 'cause we didn't actually look up anything. That's a Barnes and Noble in, in Kenwood. That's like half 40 minutes away from me there. Actually it moved. It was in the, the other building. Is it in the new part of Kenwood or whatever? Yeah, yeah. There's like the, there's like a, a mall offshoot in the mall parking lot that's just more mall, but it's disconnected from the Mall.


Kenwood Mall has always been a disaster. Like It's kind of the only mall left in the entire Cincinnati area. Yeah, Tri-County closed. So there's Kenwood's like the mall and they changed their parking lot. Now you go in, you have to like do a loop. You can't just park because it's such a cluster. It's that parking lot is such a nightmare. You're underselling how annoying it is to go in and outta that place. It's so awful. It is terrible. I mean it just doesn't make any sense because they have like parking structures with multiple levels. If they just took another one of those big flat lots and just put a parking garage in there. Problem solved. You mean room for expansion? More shopping. I Think what I heard Mark say was 15 more storefronts.


Anyway. Books are over there somewhere too now. Books are somewhere there. Books. Huh? This guy, someone On the suburbs being like, no, I've seen this book. It's a plant. Someone puts it in bookstore because what else? What it would've been, it's so burned into my brain of being like, how would anyone give this to their child? This is, I have seen my hat all over again. Here's what I think happened. I think there's an experiment being run where certain people in like the world have like a gene where they see a certain thing on a book cover or on any kind of cover serial box and they're compelled to pick it up. So they're planting things in different places that have this on the cover.


And you're one of those people and you're part of this study and you just don't know it. I'm Not gonna, I'm not gonna subscribe to the idea that it's such an offbeat weird thing to look at a book and pick it up. I'm not gonna buy this. You're not gonna make this real weird Trait. This is a perfectly normal thing. You don't have to have some spiral hypnotizing cover to be like, whoa, whoa. I just love the idea that Mark is a sleeper agent and his trigger word is a children's book that doesn't actually exist, that just gets planted in his life. In places. Soldier, here are your orders. Turn to page seven. Ah.


Oh, why'd you order me that? Turn to page eight. Got you. Ah ha ha. He's a sleeper agent, but we trained him wrong is a joke. Oh, that was a good bit. How do you like my face? Two foot technique. Oh, I gotta watch that movie again just to see if it's actually funny or if I was just really, really had terrible humor back then. I think it's funny. I don't know which Movie we're talking about. K pow Entered the Fist. Oh, I saw that one time ever. I mean, I don't think I've seen it that many sense, but yeah. Chosen one. See, you remember it sticks. It sticks here. I remember that quote. Yeah, That's the, that's basically her only line.


I watched it with Molly and I learned that half of Ryan's like the only Ryan. Ryan, shout out to you again. You don't Have to shout out someone every time you mention their name. No, I do. I got told that the only time I bring people up on here is to shame them. And this was only half shame. So it is kind of like a nice one compared to my usual bits because I bring people up. It's usually to like make fun of them for something. I'm learning that I'm kind of an asshole, but I get away with it. Do you, do You like, people think I'm stupid, so they're like, oh, it's okay. It's just Wade being an asshole. Yeah, I do. People let me do it. Do you though? Maybe not with YouTube, but generally, yeah, Generally. Do you? Yeah. Well, I guess we'll find out in the comments on this episode. Did I win?


No, you didn't win. 'cause we didn't even play the game yet. Woo-hoo. Good episode. Mark. Congrats. You assume boldly but correctly that Mark has a strong advantage because I'm hosting. Is That real? I've not. I've not read the updated. Who let's who win the most things. It's probably real. I don't know.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc Crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken. Sauce goes on Chicken new mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for Dip only at McDonald's.


This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, Thankfully. Vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit Squeezed Lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass.


So


this episode is brought to you by Rocket Money with prices Going up on just about everything Lately, being smart with your money isn't just a good idea. You kind of have to, but managing your subscriptions, tracking what you're spending and trying to cut costs can be overwhelming but lucky for you. Rocket Money takes the guesswork out of it so that you can make smarter decisions And it can be as easy as possible. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter Distractible in the survey so they know we sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from our show.


Listen, I have a thing that Mandy told me that turned into a whole episode idea because chainsaws, you guys know chainsaws. I know for a fact. Mark knows chainsaws. I know Chainsaws. Yeah, you, you drove around in your truck and chainsaws some stuff when there were catastrophes in your area and you were helping people. I gotta confess, I see a chainsaw walking down the sidewalk. I cross the street. Yeah, I get that. Yeah. Don't feel good about it, but it's funny. So I said Anyway, we, we know what they're for, right? If you look at a chainsaw, you know what it's for. It's for Juggling at a circus, Cutting down trees or cutting up heart trees or whatever. Okay. What if I told you that those were originally invented for a different purpose?


And I'm talking vastly different, unrelated to tree, anything. What do you think James, Jeffrey and John Akin invented the chainsaw for in Scotland in the 1780s. 1780s. 1780s. What do you think they invented the chainsaw for? What did, did it even look like a chainsaw? It was some kind of contraption where it was like a hand cranked is the chainsaw blade and actual chain were similar, but you just hand cranked it. So it was a lot slower, but it was the same basic invention. The new ones are just motorized chainsaws, but So this was, yeah, it was 1780.


This is a hand cranked thing with gears and this chain still goes around and does a cutting motion type deal. What? What do you think they invented that for? I'm guessing. I know this one. Okay, Mark. Mark uttered first. I don't want it. He was so confident. Go ahead. All right. I'm gonna say that because you started this off with some poop tangent. It's, it's a fancy Scottish poop cutter For just cutting up poop once it's outside of the body. Or what are you Envisioning? No, no, no. It's how they wipe. Oh, okay. When they're done, they just, and they're clean, the blood will wipe it all away. I could see that.


I can see that. Wade, what do you think In Scotland, their hair is just different than other countries and they keep it in a real tight braid. 1780s, real braided Scottish hair time, real difficult to cut with scissors. So they needed something better for it. So they invented the chainsaw to cut through the braid. They don't want have to unbraided the beard to cut through it. You know, Probably Question. Yes. Was it still used for cutting anything? Oh, it cuts stuff. Okay. It cuts stuff. All Right. You could even say it shaved stuff, but not in the way that I think weight is imagining. That Doesn't help. Yeah, that doesn't help at all. Do you wanna know the answer or do you wanna keep guessing? We got a couple more guesses, right, mark? Yeah, I got guesses. Yeah, I got guesses. All right. It was meant for, it was early catalytic converter for cutting emissions In the time before cars.


They still needed to cut emissions. Yep. Absolutely. Because Of industry. I know. Yeah. I said what I said. The way they designed shoe strings, those little plastic edges really annoying to cut the plastic bits. So that was designed to cut through the plastic part of the shoelace. So you'd have the little ends to tie your shoes. I got it. I know what the answer is. So back in the early movie industry of the 1780s, they needed to cut footage, but it was, you know, film. So they had s something that cut at 24 FPS. So they would crank it And it would chop, chop, chop, Chop, chop, chop. Similar to Mark's answer, but it was actually plays when the director would yell, cut the Scottish accent was so pronounced and loud whenever they would talk that they couldn't hear the director yelling, cut. So they got the chainsaw to make the noise, which meant Cut.


Actually, back in the 1780s. Well, 1770s was a serious problem with cutting in line and there was no honor in it. So they brought this out to cut whoever you were gonna cut in line in half. So it had to be a very, it had to be urgent. When people know that they got cut out, they're like, oh, well I guess he needed it. And then they fall over And die. A prominent crop in Scotland is spring barley. Spring barley. Incredibly difficult to cut without a chainsaw. How, What did, how did you, did you Google that? Yes. Yeah. I was like, how the shit would, you know that that's not a thing, you know, We were there one time we went to the mall and I remember there was just barley everywhere. Okay, well I'm gonna tell you, mark got the closest. That's not me. And you should have just quit while you were ahead because your very first guess was the closest you guys got.


Mark. No, The chainsaw was originally invented to assist in performing Sies sym sym autotomies, which is the surgical removal of pelvic bone to help with an obstructed childbirth birth. No. Oh god. This is like an actual horror story. The chainsaw was invented to stick up in a woman's pelvic area. No. To make more room if the baby wasn't fitting out of the, the pelvis of a woman who was trying to give birth.


How did that help? It cut and shaved and otherwise widened. Shaved what? Bone mark it was because there's bone in the pelvis and sometimes the bone Bone's not exposed. What is once you chainsaw it a little bit. Yeah. So this is apparently the origin of the chainsaw. And then some other person saw that and was like, wouldn't that be better on trees? And the surgeons were like, ah. Maybe Some guy saw that boy that really ripped right through that lady. You know, This is a story where I wish I had a Fantasia because a vivid imagination for chainsaw crotch is not it.


No, it's horrific. I will say, I think this is the most horrific one, but I literally, I learned this fact. Mandy was telling me about this and I was like, man, that's probably an episode of a podcast. So today we're gonna talk about inventions that are currently known for some use, but were obviously invented originally for some other use, like the scariest sounding surgical procedure. I could possibly imagine. This episode probably needs some kind of warning on the, on the top of it, about it started with Poop talk, I'm pretty sure. Oh, I didn't think it could go downhill from there. I've known this for about a week and a half right at this point, and I'm still very uncomfortable about that information. The next one's way more fun than that.


Oh, good. Also, mark, I guess you get the point for that one. Ah, thanks. I guess. Congrats dude. And Saw Anus. Got it. Chaus Chaus. Honest. How'd you know about the sequel Chaus Sauna? I hope you guys do not do that on that One video every day for a year of something about chainsaws. Gonna really run outta stuff eventually, but No, you'd be shocked. Not before you try your very own homemade sym otomy. Yeah, I don't like That. Anyway, guys, bubble wrap. Nothing bad could happen with bubble wrap, right? And everyone knows bubble wrap.


You order something in the mail that's breakable. Maybe it's a glass vase or something comes wrapped in bubble wrap. 'cause it, it protects it. It's bouncy. It's squishy. Keeps it safe. That is what everyone knows bubble wrap is for. So what did Alfred and Mark think bubble wrap was gonna be for when they invented it in 1957? I know this one phrase is losing all meaning. Do you actually know this one? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. 1950s, right? This is after World War II had ended. We were still kind of in the Cold War. This was pre Bay of Pigs and a big problem in World War I was trenches, world War I, world War II mines. So before you go out on the minefield, you'd put down your bubble wrap and then you would cross it.


It would kind of disperse your weight and whenever you did hit a mine, the explosion would be minimized because there was bubble wrap in between you to protect you. Sure, sure. Mark, what do you think they thought it was gonna be? Was bubble wrap originally meant for, Well, those pesky childbirths, after you've chainsawed chainsaw your way in there, you gotta have something to catch it when it falls out. So you just lay a bunch of bubble wrap on the ground and plop pop, wha hopefully 200 years and 7 billion concussions later. They were like, ah, at least this is what we need. They just kept dropping on the floor. They was like, it's good for him, it's good for him.


What if this is just a whole list of horrifying medical contraptions. Everything is just comes back to no, the True Halloween episode. None of us wanted, Nah, bubble wraps. Cool. It's fun. You know where it's even more fun as wallpaper? Ah, Alfred Fielding and Mark Chavan, neon Chevon. We're trying to invent a new type of textured wallpaper when everyone other than them realized that that was a stupid idea and had no interest. They also tried marketing it as greenhouse insulation before, eventually accidentally discovering that if you just wrap stuff in it, it keeps it from breaking as much.


They Got fired, they were packing up their office like, well, I guess we'll just wrap it in this Probably Accidentally inventing something. That's what another, that always makes Nova sense to me is like, what are you doing in your lab with like a hammer and plastic? You're like, tink, tink, tink. Ah shit, a gun. Fuck out here. Tink dink tink. I mean, I feel like phrasing it as accidentally inventing something is, is maybe short selling how inventors actually work. But also, isn't that kind of how inventors actually work, isn't it mostly some, some person who is like, I have this idea for a thing and I just need to make it.


And then they make it and it's just the fucking craziest thing. And then they're desperately just like, what is this actually usable for? What can we do? What can we do? A childbirth? Ugh. Yeah, stick with that. Apparently. Oh wait, no, nevermind. Market it. Sell it. We'll figure it out Later. But would you have bubble wrap wallpaper? No. No. Yeah, It sounds awful, doesn't it? I Hope we never, one of the trends, I hope never comes back is wallpaper, dude. Plus what happens once you pop it, you get like a whole new room, all re wallpaper and it's all done. And then a kid, your kid walks into the room and it's just like, pop, pop, pop. Like, fuck no, stop. No, no, that's $85 a square foot stop. Here's a conversation to have because Wade, you don't like wallpaper.


I actually am totally fine with wallpaper because what I'm sick of is the hyper modern. Everything's a flat white wall. I mean, that's fair. There needs to be some texture. You can have wallpaper that's not like the, the super texture stuff. It could give like a subtle something to it. And there's, you could Do that with paint and not have to peel it off to replace it though. Replacing wallpaper. Removing wallpaper is so awful. It's not that bad. You soak it and you scrape it. It's not that bad. It can be a paint in the ass, but textured paint or if you have like, like in California is really popular. You have orange peel texture as part of the dry wall. That's not any better. If you wanna change that, you just have to like sand it all off or scrape it off anyway.


It's, if you're gonna texture your wall wallpaper is as good as any other way that you're gonna do it. And right now Amy's helping to fix up the new broom. And it's like she's gonna put wallpaper on there. No, and it's really nice texture. It's a really nice color. It's like, wow, you don't have to paint that. You just kind of slap it on and it's even and done. And you don't have to worry about perfectly evenly coating everything. It's like, that's, that's kinda nice. I I do find it really intimidating the seeming and the lining up of wallpaper. Mm, yeah. Yeah. You like, theoretically you're like, yeah, well you just put it edge to edge. Right. But to actually get that edge so nice and actually straight and everything, I feel like there's no way I could do that. Yeah, there's an art to it.


Someone Who's a professional obviously can do it. But if I had the i the idea of like, oh, I'll just wallpaper my wall behind me, it would not turn out like I would want it to. It would be That seems hard. That's why they're professionals. They do paint in different colors. Yeah, I know. I'm not talking about colors. I'm talking about texture. I don't Wanna feel my wall anyway. You're not, how Often am I, I'm not touching my wall either. I don't know what you're doing. Poop book guy. Maybe you see a good wall and you're like, I need to touch that. I'm Gonna find this book, print out that page, get wallpaper made of it, and I'm gonna secretly go into your house cover. I'm gonna cover the outside with it. I think some people are on the sub red are gonna back me up about this, but it's only gonna be like two or three. They'll be like, no, I've seen this version of the book.


No wall wallpaper's coming back, Wallpaper might come back. I just don't want it. It is back. We're we're not, we're not the people who dictate that it is back. There's lots of cool new wallpapers. There's, that's the thing too, is you don't want, you don't need to wallpaper every square inch of a room. You could do like one wall or part of one wall if you have like a, an area that makes sense. Do You guys like the accent wall thing? I'm not big on the accent wall thing. What accent? What do you mean by accent wall? Where You have like three walls, one color and one different. You mean having a nice design to a room so that there's like a focal point? It sounds Awful, doesn't it? James' room has that. He has white walls, but then he has one, the main wall is green that his bed is on and it's like a jungley theme.


But if the whole room was this color green, it'd be way too fucking much green. There's A, there's a nice diagram that you can see about, it's mostly for set design, but it's for creating different space with just painted walls where if you paint certain walls, black and certain walls, white or certain walls, one color and then want a complimentary darker color, you can kind of shape the illusion of the space to have more depth or more height or shrink it down. It's crazy how effective that is. Especially in like photography and on video vi video. Oh God, Fuck. Hang on, I need a reboot or something. Fuck. He's a chainsaw. Help him.


So Like, I wouldn't just say like, accent walls are dumb and suck. It's just like it has a purpose. Yeah. Why, why, why is it dumb and Suck? That was for the watchers. Not you Don't look at me. You don't think I'm watching editors make my eyes really Watchy. Just galaxies. Just the Oppenheimer shot in Mark's eyes. I Mean, it could look nice. I just don't like dealing with the, the accent wall. I don't like the look of, I feel like it just looks like someone was lazy. Didn't finish the job. If anyone of us says it's Mark. But I don't think any of us gets to be in, in authority on interior design. I think that's very personal preference Based. What do you mean? I've done great. This is very important because I said, so a Play-Doh, why did Noah Mc Vicar invent Play-Doh in the 1930s in Cincinnati?


Ah Ding. Oh, that's confident. Sometimes the baby's not ready to come out and you gotta find a way to Plug them Back up in there to make sure they're not coming out. Give them time to play in the womb, right? Yep, yep, yep, yep. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Hey, I, I'm the one who chose to start this, but with that most horrific thing, I think I've heard in a hot minute guys. I know this one. All right. I don't think he said that, but come on, hit me with it. At one point in his life, he had to have, so Play-Doh, it comes with those different like plastic contraptions where you can like make little Play-Doh spaghetti or make Play-Doh star shape, whatever have you.


So plastic explosives in the military became a bad 'cause people don't wanna inhale microplastics. So they made Play-Doh. 'cause inhaling micro Play-Doh is much less concerning and you can have different designs for your bombs to make 'em blend in with their environment Weight is exactly right. No, obviously not. Alright. That hurt my heart. I I would've been Like, oh well that's interesting. But I guess not That's, that is, I could see how you would think that. Why Am military in Mark's vagina? No. Well obviously no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, so so continue. Keep working. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry, I don't wanna cut you off. Keep working, keep working. I'm thinking that it was probably a plumbing tool in all honesty. It probably was something to help prevent leaks.


Insulate kind of an early caulking maybe. I like that. No, No, no, no, no. The name play-dough pizza was a big thing and we had to find different food ways to compete with that. And the pizza dough was the key to a good pizza. So what if we make dough out of something else? That can also be different colors and you can really make it malleable to kind of make it whatever shape you want. 'cause pizza one or two shapes you square around. But Play-Doh, it was really called a dough. 'cause you eat it. Oh No, no, no, no, no. All right. So when was this invented? When? 1930s in Cincinnati. Perfect. That doesn't conflict at all. So this is when the, the theatrical version of the Simpsons first got on stage and they needed something to replicate Homer Simpson's skin tone and texture.


So what they did was they made stuff for the play and Homer would then be able to say Dough, No, no, that's stupid. So 1930s, great depression. People that were struggling, they saw the rich people going to their big fancy computerized ATMs. They're like, we're gonna make sure they can't get their money out. We'll make something that could fit into any orifice to stop their coins and dollars from coming out. And they made the dough to shove right in the dollar slots so the rich couldn't get their money from their at m Herbert Hoover. Herbert. Bonus point.


Herbert Hoover. Yeah. No, right. I see where you're coming from. Yeah, No, I got it. That's stupid. Okay. Okay. Yep. Keep going. So yeah, Early on, nah, nevermind. I, I got this one. Alright cool. So whenever you get dirt under your nails, you have to get like a file to clean out's. Really annoying. But the dough could shove right under stick to the dirt and you'd pull it out and your dough would be a little bit dirtier but you under your nails perfectly clean. And the teeth, who needs floss When you got Play-Doh With that, guess both of you are impressively close. Mark was close. Don't say about the childbirth. Don't Yeah, I won.


I wish a little bit. I wish. But no home maintenance was the right genre. Oh not a plumbing tool necessarily, but home maintenance. Yes. And weight is right with your last guess about cleaning out under your fingernails and and stuff. Kind of back then homes were heated by coal furnaces, which basically meant that there was coal, dust and soot all over everything in existence because it went out the chimney. But some of it didn't go out the chimney. Coal is dirty, nasty stuff. Play-Doh was invented to help clean the wallpaper in your house. You rub it on the wall And it pulls the soot or the coal dust or whatever off the wall. And that was great for the company until coal was phased out almost completely and replaced by natural gas or electric heat.


And nobody needed that anymore until a teacher realized kids could eat it and survive. So that meant it needed to go into the classroom. Play-Doh did a complete rebrand, save the Company and started selling this goop to kids. Was this an assassination attempt? Was a teacher like feeding the annoying kid Play-Doh every day like fucking die Timmy. It was a school, right? So even though everyone else had natural gas heat, the school still was coal heated. 'cause schools are always behind the times and have low tech and no money for stuff. And so the teacher was probably just cleaning the, the coal off the wall with the stuff and dropped a piece and a kid immediately was just like, oh. And that kid didn't die for the next week and a half and the teacher was like, we need more of this.


This Will bring down lunch expenses tenfold. All I can think of when I think of Play-Doh is the stupid video of you and Ethan making Thanksgiving dinners out of Play-Doh. Oh yeah. And then fucking eating it. And that is the most vile thing I've ever seen you try and eat. That was the most vile thing. Look, I know you've, I know you've done worse, but the, it's a texture thing for me. The thought of slide me Play-Doh getting in between your teeth that is involuntary and I hate it. It's something, there's something about that that like deeply disturbs me and makes me actually throw up a little bit. I got Bob on this tangent earlier, mark before you got here because I was looking on Amazon and I came across Kraft Macaroni and Cheese gummies that were recommended to me.


And it's just a box that looks like Kraft Mac and cheese, but it is like Play-Doh looking gummies. That reminded me of the soup drops that we talked about, the soup sausages. Those are not as bad as eating Play-Doh to me. But yeah, those are bad. I, you know, there's so many different candy and snack manufacturers that can't get the collaboration thing right. Of like crossing into a different type of candy. But for some reason it is totally unrelated. But Takis is really good at that. And so Tais is dead to me as we all know. As we all know. Sure, Sure, sure. For years. Yeah. But they're so good at doing the collaboration. Like their popcorn was really good. They, they had some kind of crusted peanut thing that was really good but can't eat 'em. 'cause you know Ethan has a exploding death disease.


But they're, how are they just gonna, and how has no one working at talkies gotten me a bag of their fucking powder? How Pretty unforgivable. I realized you've won a bunch of different powders from a bunch of different countries. Have you tried cocaine? Have you I did use a cocaine grinder in high school. Your cocaine grinder That I used for my chemistry class. Do you grind Cocaine? Someone in my family did. 'cause we had a grinder. I actually have no idea. These Just look like coffee grinders. But that makes sense I guess. Yeah, You wanna get the cocaine beans and grind 'em down. But I guess that Makes sense because I, I, for some reason I imagine it, it started as a powder but I guess maybe it doesn't, We've not gotten there and schedule one yet, so I'm not really sure how it goes.


It's like cooked and reduced down to like a powder by basically cooking all the moisture out of it, I think. But it has to be then like broken up or I don't know. Cocaine's bad. Don't do it. All the TV shows make it seem pretty fun. But it seems like it's probably more bad than fun to me. Now I acknowledge that this is a pretty weird line in the sand, but the idea of eating Play-Doh haunts my entire existence. And that video that you guys did, like, I can't imagine a much worse thing. Someone was trying to torture me and force me to do something For me. It's styrofoam peanuts. I, I mean you didn't seem like you enjoyed it when you were trying to eat your giant hunk of Play-Doh but you, you did fine. It was incredibly salty. That was the only thing, Just concerning.


'cause I feel like there shouldn't be salt in Play-Doh. It might have not have been salt. It just tasted salty. So who knows. Maybe It's 'cause you played with the Play-Doh so much. The salt from like Your, that was just skin. Skin juices. Yeah. That's lovely. More inventions. I know you can get this one. The hint is in the name treadmill. We all know what treadmills are. Go to the gym, do a little jog on the treadmill. Maybe you have a treadmill in the basement that you never use. Just sits in the corner collecting dust. Alright, Wade, you and I both know what the answer is. We're not gonna say it. We gotta get our bullshit jokey answers out. Correct answer put off. So that's, we know what treadmills are. But when William Qubit invented the treadmill in England in 1818, what did he think it was going to be used for?


Lemme ask you a question Bob. Have you ever had a wart? Sure. I cut one off with toenail clippers and used like a pair of like needle nose pliers and yanked it out. What the fuck? Yeah, I hate that story. The treadmill. Full speed. You just sanded that thing right off. That's why it was infinite. Did you really do That? He told that story on this podcast before it was ter I awful. Never came back. 'cause you did that and the war was like, fuck this dude. Oh my god. I'd rather just stay dead. It grabbed, Its a bubble wrap, wrapped up its belongings and moved away. Actually sells insurance for Liberty Mutual. Now, every Now and then I hear my, my head. Liberty. Liberty, Liberty. Funny thing about a wart that I had a while ago.


I had a wart during Covid. Like it was on my thumb And it wasn't bothersome. Or maybe I've had it longer. It's like a tiny little thing with all of the hand sanitizer that I was using during Covid, especially on set. It just died. It died it straight up just couldn't take it anymore because I had been drowning it in like high percentage alcohol multiple times a day. And I'm not saying this is a good therapy because like it dries your hands out like crazy. But it didn't, didn't affect anything else really. One day I looked down, I was like, oh, it's gone. That shit's gone. So yeah. So if anyone's curious about four or five, six months of straight high alcohol percentage hand sanitizer, it'll kill that. Anything Hot skin tips for Mark, that's probably a good one to keep and never use.


Even Before Covid, when I was working at United Dairy Farmers, the amount of times you have to wash your hands. Like, you know, when you're working with food products, it's like you have to, you're constantly washing, sanitizing, washing, sanitizing. It does affect the texture and stuff of your hands. So during the covid time when, yeah, I don't know how often you had to do it, but I imagine that probably did a lot of things to your hands. You probably have eight. Eight extra fingers. No, they're pretty, Pretty good. They don't have to be on your hands. Where, where are you sanitizing? I got a book for you later, mark. I'll show you. All right, cool. It's called, it's called Everybody Fing. God, we can remove it with a chainsaw. Just bend. No God. Mark, what was the treadmill invented? And please give me something that's not gross.


'cause I'm pretty sure the title of this episode is just gonna be Ugh, G God. All right, well then babies need to get walking soon. So as soon as they're out of the womb, you know, after you've chainsaw and caught 'em on the bubble wrap, you just send 'em right on the treadmill and they get crawling or they get dying. You know, you, you want strong Sparta. Actually this was invented Sparta right around the time they filmed the movie. 300. Sure, sure. The historical one. Not the, not the remake, The catapult. Not as useful as you'd think for trying, trying to aim it. But a treadmill at the right speed, you put something on there, you could be a lot more accurate with where you're aiming.


So you put your little bomb or whatever on your treadmill and just, And it goes. Whereas you don't have to manually wind like the catapult treadmill gets your bomb to the right spot. I feel like if the treadmill existed in a powered form, you could probably see it to wind the catapult automatically. Oh, that's dumb. Got it. No, no, no, no. That's, that's stupid. The real reason was when they made the popemobile, the Pope got really mad 'cause he couldn't move anywhere while he was moving. And it was like, I'm moving but I'm not moving. And so they gave him a treadmill so he could feel like he was walking. So he didn't get confused as to why he was moving around and he wasn't moving. So that made him mad and they made that for him. Who Wants to wipe these days?


Whenever you can have something that automatically goes between the cheeks, not only wipes, but removes hemorrhoids at the same time. Weirdly made by the same guy that made that chainsaw. He really focused out the Crack eling. Simon and Theodore, whatever their names were. Yep, that was it. Scottish. Scottish names true and true. True Elephant. Simon and Theodore. I was gonna make fun of you, but that was fine actually. That's a good, good. You know what? Good Scottish accent. Good job. Thank you. I, I don't think anyone from Scotland will think so, but I'm glad you do. Do you guys wanna know which one of you was closer? Well, I think, I mean, I, we both know what the real answer is, Honestly. It's a pretty tough call. 'cause I, I don't think either of you is very close. Well, no, we were, we were. No, it's for milling grain.


It's for you. You walk on your mill. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Mark wins. We Set it aside. We were gonna be all stupid. Like we don't know, but we knew right Wade? We knew. Yeah. Pink treads. What'd you say? Grain. Grain. Flint. Stone tanks, you know. Okay. So Mark actually did know, I'm not surprised you're surprised anyway. It was punishment for prisoners. They, they walked on the treadmills and they're walking powered the grain, the giant grain grinding wheel thing. Oh, grain will have unlimited power. Palpatine at the grain mill is first job.


Apparently the prisoners didn't care for it. So sentiment on treadmills has not changed very much over the centuries. You Put a treadmill in a prison now and the prisoners just start hissing and they don't know why. Like a kry cat seeing water kry, you know, cat angry Kry cat. Yeah, Hangry. Now the elliptical. Definitely for childbirth. Yeah, I could see that. I could see that. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


Hi, I'm Kristen Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right hun? Dax Dax, Sorry. Did you know about this seven day money back guarantee A week to evaluate seat coms? You say A week of terrain tests. Yeah. I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right. Still need to buy the car. Getting ahead of ourselves here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


All right, I wanna do one more. I like this one 'cause it's funny and I have a suspicion that the story is barely true, but technically true. Credit cards, we all know credit cards. Pretty much everyone has a credit card. If you're, if you're an adult, you almost have to have a credit card. It's pretty hard to get by on just cash anymore. So clearly credit cards are for paying for stuff. But why did Frank McNamara invent the credit card in the 1950s? I remember This. You know this one. I actually know this one. You know this one? I know this one. I really do. Wait, do you wanna get any Joe answers in before I, Oh, you know, it's pretty easy. You know, odd job from Bond. How he throws his hat. Well, the hat was a little bit too obvious.


So they needed something sharp and tiny that could fit like in a wallet, so to speak. So the credit card was the perfect like throwing weapon. It didn't look very dangerous. But man, could it cut through your finances and a throat. So they invented the credit card after they invented the credit card. Shut up. Anyway, it, what I think this is, I'm not remembering the details perfectly, but it was part of an advertisement campaign for some department store. They sent out in the mail coupon, like card things. And it was like, if you bring this into a store, this counts as a line of credit. It was an, it was an idea that wasn't really for a national system of credit across the way, but it was something for specific, one store did it for an advertising campaign and so many people brought it in And it was so incredibly popular that they were like, Hey, wait a minute, maybe there's something to this.


And then they started actually expanding the idea and then opening up real lines of credit because all it did was tied to like, this is your account. And they would send it to someone and they, they individualized for that account. And then people were like, I've never heard of this concept before, but sure I'll go and see if I can actually have free money And it worked. No, that's stupid. So drug dealers didn't want to have their money confiscated in brief cases. So they actually came up with the credit system, keep track of who owed who, what. And that way whenever the fuzz was low, they knew they could make their cash deal. And that's how Bitcoin started. The modern day credit card. That's definitely not usually mostly a scam. Always. 'cause if there's one thing drug dealers don't mind is people not paying immediately.


They're cool with later. I've heard they're very chill about That. They used to be honorable. Remember the mafia veto corleone before Michael took over and he was all like, we respect you veto, we know you're a man of your word. 'cause your word was your bond. Old style criminals different than these new criminals kids these days. Criminals not the same as our criminals. Those Child, child criminals out there. Damn. And Don no respect. Yeah, boomer criminals are much better than these gin fers or whatever they are. I hope that's the next generation. I like it. I don't know what F stands for, but I like jers Fucking kids. Yeah, no that's 'cause yeah, it's because you could be like, it's a generation. It's a generation of fucks.


Yeah, I think Mark is closer. But there's my version, which may, yours might be as true or truer than mine. My version is different in some of the details. But somehow also Wade was kind of correct with your drug dealer joke. I knew it. So the story that I got is that Frank McNamara went out to dinner and he forgot his wallet at the restaurant and he had a bunch of cash in his wallet. 'cause if he didn't have cash, he didn't have nothing. And he got his wallet back eventually, but all the cash was gone. And he was like, man, see. So he invented the Diners Club card, which was originally a card only meant for a handful of kind of exclusive New York City restaurants so that businessmen could go out and like take their clients out or go out with their wife or, or whatever.


And they didn't have to have cash with them. So in case they got really drunk before they drove home and they forgot their wallet, they wouldn't lose any cash. It was just a card and they could just go get the card back from the restaurant. And so it was originally the Diners Club card was meant for like a small, just a handful of places. And it grew and grew and grew because it was so basically your story Mark, it was so convenient and successful. Everyone was like, we should use this for everything. And then they did. But yours honestly, like I said, this sounds very like some guy dreamed this up and was like, yeah, I'll say I invented the credit card. Yeah. See? And yours is probably just as true. These are things that probably happened around the same time or one inspired the other or whatever.


Who knows? Grain. What grain that was Treadmill. Nevermind. Thanks for playing along. We started out with just about the most shocking thing we could. So all the rest of these seemed way less interesting. But my Taint hurt when you talked about the chainsaws And it still aches Was pretty sure that wasn't true. But I looked up And it seems to be true and I just hate that that's a fact about things in the world because what the fuck is wrong with people? Did it work? You know what, in all the looking I did, I never read far enough into any article to see if it was a successful tool in extracting any children from their now deceased mothers.


I assume It was so brutally ineffective. They sent them deep into a forest. They're like, you know what, you're gonna live here far away from the population. And that's when they started cutting down trees to find their way back. Just a guy. This is a going from room to room in a maternity ward, just like, ha ha ha Austin, another one's dead. All right, next room. Let's try this again. Let's try this again. I Laugh. It's, it's supposed to be reassuring. Like I'm, I'm giggling hard. I'm trying to prepare them for the fun of a new child coming into the world. You know, it's, yeah, They dressed like a clown. So the first thing the newborns would see would be a happy clown. I slammed the door open to get everyone's attention. So we know it's about to begin. It Clouds outside of a failed over league.


Oh, I try so hard to be happy. I gotta keep up. I gotta keep moving. Kick up a no, the truth, history of the horrifying clown troop. I hear everything about that. That's awesome. Wade, you are points for, oh wait, that goes on Mark's side. All right, mark, what'd you earn points for? Wade. You didn't earn, you didn't earn points for that. That's not yours. Sorry Mark. You earn points for 60% poop improvement. No shirt. Question mark. The book discussion. I didn't know how to label it. The shit book chainsaw bought, wiping being correct about wallpaper.


You won the Play-Doh, you won points for not cutting a ward off with toenail clippers and using hand sanitizer instead. And you got points for good limps. Good gosh. Shit. Something about credit cards. Oh, that says credit cards. Wow. No it does not. It's supposed to say credit cards. Wade, you earn points for being an asshole. Unabashedly knowing about spring barley for some reason. Bubble wrap. Oh, the guys who got fired for bubble wrap, wrapping their belongings and bubble wrap. Herbert Hoover doing a good Scottish accent and then grain.


You apparently just earn points for randomly saying words for no reason during the episode today. That was, We've really lowered the bar for me over the years. Did you say a coherent word point? He said a whole word. Mom, get the camera. Anyway. How many bonus points will there be? Do you know what you're adding to the wheel? Oh, I have to do that. Still two. All right. We get two bonus points and I still have to add something to the wheel. Should be best Scottish accent. They have to do it right there on the spot. I really like that. So we get two wheel spins. Spin number one.


Oh, had the best time. I didn't, I I did not either because of the poop. I, I had a bad time. I didn't because of the chainsaw. Well, is that a re-spin then? Everyone had a bad time? Is that what we're deciding? I Did. I I did not have the best time. All right. That's a resin. Unless Bob, did you wanna point Bob? I didn't have a good time. I still feel like I might throw up, 'cause we talked about the Play-Doh eating rein drop the most items Didn't drop a damn thing. I didn't even drop anything. And that's my thing. I do. All right, next one. All right.


That's a wreath pin. There's a lot of points up for grabs. I need to eat, drop something and do to songs real quick. Wow. It's All right. That one of you was definitely the loudest. He did Do his Scottish accent. I will. I will say. Oh yeah. Yeah. I would say Wade gets to be the loudest. Damn it. Alright, one more spin. Feels like we've already had too many but we haven't. Hey shirt closest to background. Damn it. Oh fucking God. No. Look I, we could call it it's, it's Mark, right? It's Mark's Flesh. Wayne's wearing, Wayne's wearing a red shirt and has a gray black background.


Mark is wearing, it's a white shirt. It's got it a white shirt. It's got some skin toneness to it. 'cause it's kind of, it's kind of opaque almost. Or I think if I did the calculations this would be closer. I think Mark gets this one. I am fine with that. I think that's true. Oh, thank you. But I would love to see the numbers. Yeah. Mark, can you just throw that together real quick? I don't want to do the numbers. The numbers. You wanna win don't you? And that is two bonus points, Wade. You earned a total of seven points. Mark, you are the total of nine points. Yeah. Wait, so if I'd gotten both of those bonus points, it would've been a tie.


Yeah, it was really close to actually being a tie. There could have been Mark run the numbers. If you had dropped anything or sung a song or anything that whole time could have stolen that away from him. That's, there were a lot of opportunities. I just gotta remember 'em. I need someone to gimme the wheel. Yeah, we need, we need like a cheat sheet. And at the start of every episode, we all need like 30 seconds to just be like, just do a bunch of random shit. Like, okay, those are my points I've chosen for this episode. Merch. That can be your loser speech. How about that? Oh, okay. Which is now I meant to imply. It's right now merch. All right, mark. Winter speech. Hi merch coming soon. We have designs in the works.


We have different blanks in actually they're in. Oh, we're ready to rock for more merch coming at you real soon. Have a lovely time. Thank you for this victory. That's how a winner gives a speech. Wayne, thank you so much for watching and or listening to this show. Make sure you follow the podcast 'cause then you won't miss them. 'cause I know you didn't watch last time, which is offensive. Follow us. Our names are on screen. And if you're a listener on a watcher, I guess you don't get to know him. That's it. Thanks so much for listening and watching and all that stuff. That's the end. Mark will host the next one and he's awesome. You know, at this point, if after all this merch built up and we launch it and no one buys it, we will just delete the podcast merch.


I, That's soup's like a gamble. I don't know. I don't, We'll just delete it. I don't know if we should stake that much on, I really love deleting things, mer. It's all fun and games until you try and delete the thing I'm a part of. Wait, we didn't agree to this. Hang on merch. You haven't heard the ticking of the clock this whole time. I go back and look at every podcast ends with the the spiral and the TikTok and the like. Wait, no, no, Sorry man. Anyway, podcast out.