
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime. Whatever you're into makes it even better. I like to randomly pick up hobbies. So does Mark Wade doesn't do much, but whatever. Mark or I picks up a new hobby. You need it now. And it comes. Comes with prime video and Amazon music because Prime makes it better. Or streaming to shopping, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. That's A-M-A-Z-O n.com/p, ie. And get more of whatever you're into.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible This Epso bronzed. Bob becomes Rach and Batman butchers. Lero say and attempts to improve annoying abbreviations. Wasteful. Wade gets blown off by support. Connects frozen feces, sniffs of fists, and advises dicking maneuverable. Mark clears colossal poops, evokes empathy and gets crusty with blood sucking boners from shit. Talking to telekinetic porn. Yeah, it's time for Acronyms, But Better now. Sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to Distractible. The result of a science experiment gone horribly, right? My name is Bob and I will be your host for today because I won the last episode because the way that this works is I host two other people, compete. You'll meet them in a second. Whoever wins hosts the next one. And I don't host the next one. I compete in the next one. But don't worry 'cause I'll probably win it and then I'll host the one after that. 'cause I win a lot 'cause I'm really funny and really good at this. Anyway, my competitors for today as Peru will be Mark and Wade. Hello. Hey, I know we've done this hundreds of times at this point. I still say it has never not felt weird to me to introduce you guys as if anyone who's a part of this doesn't already know who you are from other stuff.


But there have been, there have been documented cases of people that don't know any of us from our content, who has found this podcast through other means of podcast platforms and has found this to be an enjoyable experience despite not knowing who we are. And man, oh man, am I tired of making Those accounts? That's what I was gonna say. That feels like a wade move. That feels exactly like Wade's Wade's approach to everything. I know on the subreddit it's always you, all the, there's a, every week there's new posts from new accounts where it's like, I love Wade. He is the funniest one. I preach, I big preach. Even if they, those accounts are me, I appreciate them. He doesn't understand that I'm mocking You. Forget that it's you.


I have such a bad memory that even if it was me, I wouldn't remember. It would be, it's like 51st dates for me on the subreddit. 51st dates with myself. Oh, what a beautiful story. Self-love is important. Why is Adam Sandler here? I don't know. Anyway, what's the other thing we do? Small talk. I got some, it's serendipitous that this occurred right at the launch of a new generation of cards. But my computer suddenly started working properly again after I had bought the hardware for a brand new computer build that I was gonna replace it with. Wait, I don't know why I did that with my hand. But wait, do you know Mr.


Card? Because I need, I need one of these 50 nineties and I can't, I have no, I don't know how to get one. How do you get a, I've never bought a card new. No, You don't need one. Do you have a 40, 90? I do, but my monitors man, the monitor issue I think is because literally even the 40 90 was not meant to handle these monitors. Yes it was. It only does once every three weeks with the lunar cycle. I get my three monitors working. I gotta tell you, all you gotta do is be patient and threaten it by getting a new computer and being like, I'm gonna replace you and then your old computer will start working again. 'cause that's what happened to me. I will rip you apart piece by piece and beat you with a hammer. Well no, it's not about just exactly. No, that's That's not it. Yeah, that's, You gotta replace 'em and you gotta take the action to do it And then I'll replace you Because my technology luck goes exactly the opposite way.


I'm impatient and I am obsessed with just looking at the new thing, the next big thing. And I'm always, I'm always like, oh, I don't really need, like I will need a computer. Like it still works, but like I'm i'll. What if I just get one a little bit early? 'cause there's this new thing and I wanna, and I'll go through all this and I'll get a computer and then I'll be like, well I don't have to build it. I'll do it. I'll do it when the timing is right. And then I'll go to turn my computer on the next day and it'll just explode into a huge cloud of Sparks and fire. And then I like, well I guess I'm building this new pile of shit into a computer so I can use that now. I'll bet you sleepwalk. And whenever you're dreaming and you come downstairs and you just pour water on your tower, you're like, I'll replace it.


I'll give Bob what he wants. He deserves a new computer. I've never gotten a graphics card at like release. I've never really done that. But these monitors, man, I don't wanna replace the monitors. I'd rather replace the graphics Card. What if you just get two graphics cards? They don't SLI anymore. But you could still run multiple cards in the same system. Right? You just gotta have enough power. And a couple couple P-C-I-C-P-C-I-E slots that are six inches apart. These Things are so chunky. I dunno if I could fit two in this case, I'd probably have to put 'em on an entirely new case. 'cause they're so chunk what You could do is you can get a band extension and just plug it into your PCIE and then run it out of the case and just lay your graphics card on top of the case.


You're making some of these words up? Nope. Also a graphics card on top of a case. Is that safe if a cat jumps and lays on it? Nope. It'll be fine. Put a put put put put a, put a basket over it. They'll have good airflow. Be safe from cats. I believe the specs for the 40 nineties that it can support four 5K monitors. These are just 4K, but man, oh man. Do they only get supported once every three years? Have you tried putting a different card in it? I feel like I'm not an expert of this, but it feels like your card is broken or not working properly. That's what I just suggested. A new card. No, I don't think you need one. I thought mine were broken, but it's not.


What other cards do you have in your, your computer? Oh, I've got a ARD and a, I don't know man. I've got 40, 90. Oh, what else is There a capture card in one of the PCI slots? He doesn't even know what PCI Means. I have three hard drives. I don't have any, I don't have like an elga DDO plugged in. I don't have anything else plugged into it though, Know. Okay, so you don't have anything else in there? Okay. Yeah. So there's no PCI based internal capture card or anything else. Right. Okay. Well then that may not be an issue. What You need to do is buy yourself some cards and stick 'em in there and then start making threats and they'll all start talking. That's what Mark's getting at. It's possible. I mean I might have some inbox. I don't know what's in here.


You definitely Do. But I gotta tell you, one of the things that I think people are gonna realize, this generation of graphics cards is this same thing that has been happening every other generation, which is incremental improvements except the 40 90 was an exception to the rule. The 30 90 to the 40 90 was actually a nearly double jump in performance. And that is unprecedented going from generation to generation. It just so happens with the actual node, the transistor node that they used and they went over to T S M C, I think from Samsung I believe. But it was such a massive improvement. People are expecting the 59 to be another quantum leap. It's not. It's like 25% better in some really good cases, 15% in others and at way higher power consumption.


If your worry is like power consumption, it's, I don't think it's gonna be good for you. And I think that the 40 90 is gonna be one of those graphics cards that for a long time down the road people are gonna be like, yeah, actually this is a longevity card. This is a real dozer of a card. I'm like, I'm just cautioning you. I don't think the 59 will be perfect for you. I don't know, we, I've gotta do a deep dive on these monitors then and figure out why that only two work at a time. Usually right now all three, They've been doing this for months. Have you not Deep dove. I thought I had. How much have you divin? Pretty Deep to the point where I contacted LG and I was like on customer support. They were like, we went to the point, they were like, huh, I would talk to whoever makes your graphics card.


I tried reaching out and then they did not respond to me on customer support. Kind of hit a wall there. Well, I can't help you. I'm gonna say it. You could probably just buy three other monitors and save yourself some money on trying to buy a 50 90. It would Be cheaper to buy a 50, 90 than three monitors. You Sure about that? These three monitors were 1300 each. Yeah. Monitors can get really, really expensive. Yeah, that's true. Okay. Well I would never in my entire life buy a monitor that costs that much money. But I guess we're different people. Well the last ones I had from like 2015 till last year. So I was like, well if these are gonna last me like 10 years might as well.


There's no picture in the universe that could look enough, enough different on a high quality $3,000 monitor that I would ever think that that was worth it. This these were 1300 each. Oh that's, that's less horrifying. But still that's more than I spend on a tv. Same. I can't, I can't imagine your life. I Try, I I don't know what I'm doing man. I fly by by the seat of my pants And it usually works out except for these monitors. I don't know what the MSRP is on 50 nineties, but if you have to buy one from a scalper, isn't it probably more than that still? Well they're technically not out yet. Yeah. Theoretical theoretically. I know they're not out yet. I Wouldn't buy one from a scalper. I don't, I don't like to support that. I would rather just wait for one to come available.


Yeah, well If you're just gonna wait till they're available, you won't have it for like a year and a half. Well that's why I thought maybe Mr. Graphics card would be like, oh sure, wait here you buy it. I give it Is Mr Graphics card in the room with us? Mr. Graphics card is my dad. I don't know. I thought maybe you knew him. 'cause you would, you talked about getting a new built computer. You getting a new something? This all started with you? Yeah, I bought it on the normal online stores that people buy them from. Or I had them from my render farm. I actually pulled some of them out of a computer that I hadn't fully built yet. Does it have a 50 90? No, It doesn't have a 50 90. I just told you I'm not gonna get the 50 90 because It doesn It doesn't seem like a worthwhile investment to improve it.


I think the 40 90 is gonna last a very long time. Can I have it? Some of this feels like the, the meme of the congressional hearing where they're talking to the CEO of TikTok. It does. Yeah. It's a lot of Do you improve the internet of my constituents Mark? If I have TikTok on my router, does that mean China's in my internet? Yeah. Wait, I, I hate to say it, but yeah, you're you're, you're that guy. I am stupid. Which is why I turned to two for help with technology And Mark is offering you assistance with technology Is this is what I donated. 50 90. But boo, but these monitors say otherwise I don't think Mark said, but at all. I think he was very definitive in his Anyway.


I'm sure that as soon as you decide you're not gonna build that computer, nothing horrible will happen to your current one And it will be fine. But Bob's is already about to retaliate for Mark building a new one. Probably. Probably. Yeah. I do think my computers are on their last or not. One, one of my computers is on their last legs because I moved these cross country when we moved from California to Ohio and I like filled them with foam and I was very careful. And when I unpacked one of them, the one that has the very heavy 40 90 in it, some definite cracking in the back of the PPCP that the near, near the joint where it mounts to the, to the motherboard. Yeah. And I have a support on it, like a heavy vertical thing.


But in all of the moving, I think it got rattled around too much. And the card weighs about 85 pounds. It still works, but every time something goes wrong, I'm like, oh, this is it. This is the end. Bless you. Bless you. But weird bless you. Yeah, I, I don't know you when it comes down to computer hardware, I know a lot of it right now because I've just been building like a nonstop slew of computers and stuff. And what I realize is that buying the absolute top of the line stuff is never the right move. But you can get great deals on previous generation stuff and get almost equivalent performance out of it because you save so much money, you get something that is tried and tested.


Usually when people are selling their used things, they work right. And if you buy them and they test them because they've been working them for years and computer hard work is supposed to last a long time. So it's like, technically I think people don't play the secondhand market nearly enough. And I'm not even talking about like scalpers. I'm like the, the used market for computer hardware except for hard drives is a very special case. You gotta be really picky about what you're doing there. But if it works and as a reputable seller, you can get some great deals, great deals on things. I will Never buy top of the line monitors again. I wouldn't recommend it unless You're doing actual like color accurate, extreme fidelity work that requires you to have the highest quality monitor. Like when I was, when I'm still working on the movie, I needed to get a monitor that was, you know, HDR and of an accuracy, color accuracy.


That was good. But even then I overpaid with what I got. 'cause I got the, the dumb apple one with the tripophobia back on it, which I hate. It weighs a bajillion pounds. It's barely bigger than a monitor that I could get. And it really isn't actually that good of a technology, but it was $5,000. I regret that purchase immensely. I'll Sell you three for 39. I'll trade you. I'll take a tripophobia because at Least then Whenever you're naughty, I'll just slide it into the backwards on the camera. I dunno why I just said naughty to you. Like anyway, I don't usually buy top of the line, but I was like these monitors and I was like, you know, why not? I never, never splurge on nice things. Let's do it. Worst decision of my PC life. I'm surprised the customer support isn't actually helping you because they're not working.


Right. I bought a monitor a long time ago before I even did YouTube. I bought a professional HP monitor. I don't know why I need, I said I needed it, but I, I justified it myself. It was $800. And back when I was in college I was like, $800 was a huge, it still is obviously, but compared to a $5,000 monitor I just bought perspective wise, it was a huge investment. I was like, okay, I'm gonna buy this. It'll be great. There was one dead pixel in the dead center of it. Like one pixel was completely dead. But I called up their customer support. I was like, there's a dead pixel. And they were like, just send it back. No questions asked. So I don't know why they're not helping you. I went through about 30 minutes of talking to this person online, through their customer service, whatever chat.


And then they were like, All right, I'm, I'm not able to help you. Let me get someone like they talk, talked to their supervisor, their supervisor got on the thing and then ultimately their solution was, sounds like it's not our fault. So I would go find your graphics card, talk to them and that was their solution. Solved It. And like I said, I tried to contact, I think it was asis and never got through to anybody. It's weird 'cause like the thing that usually stops one monitor from working is launching a specific game like Uno for example, right now if I launch Uno, one monitor goes black, I won't see it again for two weeks. Literally it's been two weeks since this one worked till last night it came back on. That's hilarious. It sounds funny. It sounds like it's funny for you too. Which is the good thing. I've spent up to four hours in a single day unplugging and re unplugging in cables.


Turning off, turning on again, trying to have different, because I can have any two of them working at a time. I've lowered the hertz on two of them. Like one of them's like two 40. The other ones I'll have at like 95 or something. And sometimes that can get 'em back working again. Like you might as well have 'em at 60. 60. What do you think? I am poor On your auxiliary monitors. I think 60 is all you need, even if you're rich. I think 60 is all you need ever unless you're playing competitive Cs go, Which some people do. Which some people do, but not that many. A lot of people think they're playing competitive Cs go, What about Call of Duty Prop Hunt? Well then you gotta, yeah you gotta pixel peep those micro movements from the twitchy props that are hiding all around you.


If you ever watch Ryan hide underground because he knows how to rotate into a hole that shouldn't exist. Yeah, you need every pixel you can find To be fair. All you have to do is go that one area and just shoot the ground a bunch and you'll know if he did it or Not. That's fair. You don't lose health if you shoot the wrong thing. No, that's the thing that's really fucked up about Call of Duty prop pump. You know, you could shoot everything. You have unlimited ammo, you don't lose health. You can just fucking run around holding the fire button and shoot every little pixel in existence. It's not super fair. Props do win sometimes though. Like it's not, it's not as imbalance as it feels. Yeah, well You just have to be five head the brain of a God. Did you actually do small talk Wade? Nope. Well no. He just took over mine took over.


I enhanced. We collaborated. Oh, how can you wait? How can you say no? You didn't get small talk when you been yapping for the past five minutes straight. Wade got an enhancing point. Interesting For saving mark's, dismal, small talk apparently. Wade, what's going on with you? I hope it's better than Mark. I have the same updates. So anyway, I've had for the last three weeks except for one, you know that big snow we've had that's finally starting to melt, but it isn't quite melting fast enough. And we got two dogs that have to go outside to potty and it's been so cold that I've not been going out and cleaning up after them. So yesterday it finally warmed up a little bit and things started melting and I went outside and I was like, All right, time to clean up some of these poo piles.


I filled up two of those, like I call them Kroger bags. I dunno the plastic bags that are banned in California, I guess of poof from two small dogs. I just wanna make sure you remember what bags I'm talking about. Marcus, it's been so long since you've seen real bags. It's a boomer AST thing. You've ever said go on. You know those little, like What are your thoughts on immigrants? Lemme just do a quick taste test real quick. Hmm. I don't think we've had those since the eighties. Are those those things that eat pets? Okay. Is that, that's what we know 'em as in Ohio. I think the oil's Low. I'm checking the dipstick here. Wait, you gotta stop licking the paint on the walls.


I know it's a new house, but I'm, I'm sensing a problem. No, but the, I filled up two of those bags of little dog poop. It was a lot of poop And it sucked. And my, I guess you use muscles when you pick up poop that you don't use otherwise. 'cause I've got my right thigh is on fire today. How Heavy is this poop? Pretty Heavy. I mean, I guess if you don't bend over and touch the ground a lot, it's kind of a unique set of muscles. But It's something I don't do on a daily basis I don't think to like crouch, grab, crouch, grab, crouch, grab. You could just stay on your hands and knees and keep picking up. You know, Dude, gimme one more day of that. And I could crab walk like a porn star. Know why you assume they would be good at that. But I don't know. It's just one of those jokes you always hear.


Is it? Is it? I feel like I've never heard a human being utter those words in my life until right now. This is, so there's side tangent, there's an SNL skit that's also been living rent free in my head. Where Ariana Grande and some of the, the cast members were playing as a Jennifer Coolidge. Yeah. And they're like, if you could have one superpower, what would it be? And Ariana's Coolidge was like crab lock. So I've had that stuck in my head for a while. Minor shout out to that skit. I guess Ski. Hey Jennifer Coolidge, if you're watching anyway, there's your poop update back to you in the studio. Mark. Would you like to enhance my poop?


You know, I don't have any pity for you because your dogs are tiny. My dogs aren't even large dogs, but they're big dogs and that means they have big poops all the time. So much poop. An unbelievable amount of poop. But thankfully it's stacked so high off the ground. I don't have to bend. It's not that I'm lower to the Ground. I save that. See The poop is so high Up off the ground. Do you think, do you use like those like fancy poop cleaning tools like the stick with the pre-built bag? Or do you just go out there and like clean up because they've got things to make poop cleaning easier. It's not even worth it. They, there's so much poop.


Any of the devices to get rid of the poop is it don't matter. You just go pick it up. That's what I thought. Okay. Because Molly was showing me, she's like, they have these things you could get. And I was like, I don't know. I feel like just going out there and grabbing the poop is probably just the easiest thing because I feel like the tools are a scam. It is. That's your poop update enhanced by mark. Interesting. So I here, Alright, Segue point. No, I don't, I don't think that counts as a segue unless poop stands for something else. Oh, people on orthodontist polls. That's a segue point somehow. The daily double, Because you used, well not used, but you created an acronym.


Today's topic is Acronyms. LOL. Specifically. I wanna fix Acronyms because I think, I think some of them are stupid and I think some of them are confusing. And I think we know better about what these Acronyms should mean. We always do. We generally know better about things. And this is one, I feel like we could do some service to the rest of the world by making better use of some of these commonly used Acronyms. Anyway, I have a list for some of these. I will give a point if anyone knows what it actually stands for, because I'm curious how common knowledge, these common knowledge things are commonly are.


We'll start easy and then we will escalate our way up into, I don't know, not easy, hard. Is that the word? Probably hard. Can I throw one out there? I don't think this will be on your list, but maybe it is. But it's the, it's one that's haunted me for the past decade plus. It is the worst acronym in my mind that's ever existed. It's shaking my head. S M h in my brain. When I first encountered it, I did. I could not for the life of me figure it out. And the only thing I could think was smell my hand. And to this day, when I see S M H, I always think smell my hand first. Always. I cannot not think it. Like I've tried to train my brain away from smell my, smell my hand, and I can't.


So I see S M H and I'm like, ew. Smell my shaking my head, shaking my head. Like every time. That's all. That's my interaction in my head. Every time I say SH, that's Real tough with I'm hearing your pain and I acknowledge it on My hand. No, but I empathize with the odor. Why do you Empathize with that? I'm just s M h Trying to make him feel like his, his story has substance when in reality it's a big nothing Burger. And I don't want him to feel bad about It. Thanks, man. When you put it like that, your empathy is through the roof Mark. It gets a point for being empathetic and supportive. I somehow feel worse after it. But That's how people empathize, right?


They're really in their heads like, man, this fucking guy. But in outside they're like, oh yeah, That's basically it. Yeah. That's Empathy, right? As an empath. I agree. Hmm. Because empath, you feel that feeling just aggressively all the time about everything. Keep the shit talking in your head. Never stops, ever. Wha Wha Wow. Broke his leg. Broke his leg. What? A little shit. Probably deserved it. I'm so sorry. I am feeling for you. I did it. I broke his leg. I did it. Now I'm so sorry. Oh no. Who would've said a bear trapping the doorway to your room? Oh God. The, as an empath. I don't think it works when you, I'm so sorry.


That's the inside voice. The really grumbly one. That was the inside one. Yeah. Yeah. That's the inside voice. Got it. That makes sense. The calm angel angelic, you know how they pronounce it? Angelic talk. I believe it's pronounced analgesic. There's say anal. Jesus. And I don't like either of those things. Pick boys. They turned shit into buffets. Anal. Jesus. I know that. What an acronym is is you take the letters of something and then that you shorten it into a thing, but they're stupid. For example, you already used this one, Wade. This one doesn't hot My dreams. I don't like it. LOLI don't like it. Well, I know what it stands for. I, well, I was gonna, I raised my hand so I Oh, You raised your hand. I wasn't actually looking at you.


Yeah, mark Got lots of love. Wait, What? That's what it means. Lots of love. It's licking our Lord. I don't know why that one got to be that one. You church taking communion. Everyone's eating their way for zero. Like idiots. Stupid. These guys aren't lowing, right? You Go up to get commuted and they give you the thing and they're like the body of Christ. LOL, the blood of Christ. LOL. Glad we're all on the same page. Yeah, Well see. So that's a good use of LOLI approve of yet, I guess I think we could have a better acronym for laughing out loud.


Mm. And it can be anything. It doesn't have to follow acronym rules. In my world, an acronym is just a short word that means a longer word or phrase. Gimme anything. I want you to help me. We know better. CMG chuckling mcg guts. I think that's pretty good Mark's on it. LMS losing my shit. I like that. I like that direction. That's not the last one. But we can keep going. Gag giggling at gaffs or goofs. Giggling at goofs. Either one or both. Gag. Gag. Giggling at gags and goofs la till laugh until a cry lat. Sorry. Latik. Ltil. Laugh until a laugh.


You know what I like about gag? Gag is if you just, it's really funny. You say G-G-G-G-G gaga, and then you're Mr. Crabs, Then you're crabs it up. Yeah. GGG, G, G guy. That's the evolution. You're like, man, that crabs me up. That crabs me right up. Oh, KKMU man. KMU. Is that how you spell corrects or crow? Crabs. All right. No, I like that. That's a whole sequence. You can really, there's levels to it because you can, you know, crabs me up is kind of higher than a a gold gag or get gag. See? Isn't that better than LOL? Way better. Yeah. Thank you. Mark. You get a point for agreeing. Thank you. I have another one that's on my shit list. I, I feel like it's used passive aggressively.


So we can sort of rescue this phrase, this, this concept from a world of, you know, snarky, douche baggery. FYI. Has anyone sincerely used FYI in a way that wasn't just snark coming, firing right back at somebody isn't always like FYII was first in my class. Yeah, I mean, even the, the actual phrase for your information does sound like you're pushing up your glasses for your information. I'll have, you know, I'll have, you know, would be a better one because actually it means what? It says IAY. Okay. Glad you know. Nailed it took me a second.


It Wasn't slow because you didn't know it was just emphatic, right? Yeah. No Capital letters. IHYK. Actually how you have to say that one? It's, it's Ethan in The, the, the hooked on phonics Episode. Oh my God. That fucking clip. Where, where he's trying to make a word, but you're supposed to be picking the one that makes a word by connecting it to the other part of whatever. And he's like, okay, look, we're not supposed to talk about it. Redacted. But also that actually has lived in my brain rent free since I watched that one. Because holy fuck.


Also, that's the video where Eef came from, right? Oh Yeah. Well maybe it was before. Isn't that one? Start with you being like, what's your name? And like, EF, EE, Eh. Good times. Good times. Ah, wait, you missed out, man. I did. I only saw the one where you had a sex toy delivery. That was the first one. This is not gonna turn into reminiscing about redacted. I have one for FYI. Okay. Yes. Continue. I'll save this. Dicked. Didn't you know dummy? D-Y-K-D-I Like that. I like that. Thank You for your time. A m No, A-T-B-B-H-E-M.


Bbb. According to my big brain. M Oh wait, T I'm sorry. What was it? Mark? I'd forgotten. ATM B. B according to my big brain. GWS Guess what? Stupid. That's actually pretty good. Guess what's stupid? I like that. That is in the same vein as FYI, but somehow it's more jovially dickish. Like it's still a dick move, but like someone pulled that on you. You could not laugh at it. I feel like basically every single idea you guys just threw out there superior to FYI, I think we should abandon FYII think that should be a vestige of the past. And I think we should move on to A-T-M-B-B.


Thank you. Thank you. Or other one that was also slow. But this is one that I think we all use a lot. And I don't like this acronym because I don't think anyone knows what the fuck this stands for, but you'll know what it means when I say it to you. RSVP. What is that? What, what does that mean? Oh God, what does it mean? Not, not what words is it? But you know what it means, right? If you're going to RSVP for something, well, What words is it? I'll tell you, it ain't English. Reserve seats. Vice presidents. If that was it, it'd be very confusing. Now you know why it stinks? 'cause it's French.


It stands for, and I'm gonna say this wrong, respond as, see you play. Oh, Please respond. I don't honestly know if we can improve on RSVP 'cause as in the way that it's used. I think it's pretty effective. And like it looks, it's aesthetic, it looks nice. It's, it's a good combo. I just don't like that people use and they don't even know what the words are. That feels like a lie to me. The V is the, the, the crux of it. That makes it a little more difficult. What about S M FS? Save my fucking seat. Oh, I, I was building Acronyms for RS. Repeat. That's not what we're doing. Because let's say in my head, I was like, why is the V so difficult?


Mark, you don't have to use it. I was like, really sucking vampire dick. And that made me laugh in my head. But that's not the game we're playing. Dick with a P you mean penis. Oh, so stupid. RSVD. This is where everyone discovers, I'm actually dumb. We're All dumb. That's why we have this show. This is, this is actually one of my listed in my private writings. My listed formulas for a Distractible episode is Make mark spell out loud. It's a, it's a, I've, I've gone to it before. It's a classic.


Good Thing he brought is scary tape. I just feel like this is why I ha I'm slower to learn languages is just 'cause words don't go good in my head. That's why. Names I can't remember. But you think words good? Just don't get 'em out of your mouth as quickly. But it's not about speed. You know, lots of big words. Mark. They're in there. They're in there. What about O-I-W-T-S? I want that spot. I have to have the accent. Yeah. How about Jay Spot? How about LMIT. Let me in there. I'm a baby. I'm a baby. Let me in there.


That's where I go. Was that even part of an actual show? Or is that just a warmup? Oh no, it was, It was the pre-show. So like a whopping a hundred people. Let me in there. Should we give context on that? I don't really feel like it, It was part of the tour doing an improv bit. The improvised song. Oh yeah. Wait as the poster. That's all you need to know. Anyway, I'm not even mad at RSVP. I just wanted to get that one off my chest. But I do like really suck at Vampire dick. Glad that we got that out. No, No, it's really sucking vampire dick. All Right, fair enough. What about we make it English? It's IAVP as in I'm a very important, I'm a very important, I forgot the, I I'm a very important, It's English as spoken by a 6-year-old.


Fuck. I a very important person. This Is hard. I made fun of Mark that I immediately got made fun of myself. That's How it goes, man. That's how it goes. IAV. This next one will be easy. Fomo. We all know about fomo. You might have FOMO from time to time. Sometimes gotta jump on things. It sounds stupid. Never ever would I willingly describe myself as having fomo. I hate it. Can we improve on fomo? Fear, fear of missing out. Yeah. It's called TME. Tell me everything. You're in an interrogation. TETE. Batman holding a hook.


TME. Where are the other drugs going? T-M-E-W-A-O-D-G. Where No, where the other drugs go. Yes. Where are the W-A-O-D-G-T. He just spends a lot of time practicing like that. Trapped Here with them. They're T-I-H-W-M. I want acronym Batman. He is also known as a BM. Yeah. I I literally just thought I was like, I missed the boat on that. I wonder if they'll catch And then you did. But Batman actually is an acronym.


I'm not gonna do it though. We all know what it is. Anyway. Fomo. Fix. Fomo. WTF. Where's the fun? That one feels familiar from somewhere else, but maybe, maybe maybe. I-F-C-M-I, I fucking can't miss it. That's pretty good. I Had one I was just gonna throw out there. I, I was thinking something like, it keeps the same vibe, but like imo, I don't wanna miss out. Mm. Imo I would have imo. I would not have fomo. I got One. TSKG. Hi. He's right.


Yeah. See? Yeah. No, that's really good though, because then if, if there's a group, they're like, oh, well yeah, we're going to see Barb Heimer. They're showing it again in combination. Just even though that's not cool anymore. Like, guys, you know, I'm busy that place also, I like the way those letters look written out. I just wrote it down 'cause I gave you a point for it. I just Wrote, I wrote on my desk. Did you write in something that erases or, Yes. It took me a little long to figure out if that was or was not. In fact a thing that erases. Yeah, I'm fine. It's okay. It rubbed Right out.


This one applies to two of us. Probably all of us. Wait, the The ink. TIIP. This ink is permanent And it spells out Tip, tip, tip. This ink is incredibly permanent. You know, you have different ratings of pens. You, you got a TIP you got A-T-I-I-P. You got T-I-I-I-P. Very permanent. T-I-I-I-V-P. This ink is incredibly permanent. Incredibly in predominantly indomitable. Indomitable. What's that word? Indomitable? Yeah, It's something like that. This, What's that? Inky, inky ink. This inky ink, this inky ink. This inky ink is incredibly inky and permanent.


No, I like that one. That's a, that's a good one. I just had a change of heart. So we're not gonna do that one. This one applies to us. Two out of three of us definitely have this. And I think the third one of us might have this anyway. A, D, h, D. And It's, I honestly, I don't dislike it. I don't think there's anything wrong with it. It's just not very, like, it doesn't save you a lot of time. You know, there's no like, it's not like, oh, I got a DAS or like, whatever. It's, you just, it's saying it's fairly long and clunky. I feel like we could come up with something that's a little more, that rolls off the tongue. You know? And this is, you know, this one can be funny, but this is also like an actual serious disorder that affects people.


So can't be too funny. I-G-B-B-I got bad brain. HWL. Although response is how old, huh? Wasn't listening. I, I, I, I, I surrender. That's a weird one. Mark. I don't think that fits very well at all. IS now that I'm thinking about this, didn't we do a bit like this recently? Oh, it was the McConaughey bit with the spelling. Oh yeah. Just out here. Eaton man. E-A-T-I-N. That's probably what inspired me. I came up with this idea in the interim by I, I mean Mandy, but that, that episode probably inspired it.


Yeah, I think Hal might take that one. I was hoping we could riff a little longer, but sorry, I should have saved that One. No, that's a good one. No, no, that's okay. Sometimes. Sometimes you play the ace. This Is another one in the same category for me. SYPA. Sometimes you play TAS, YT YTA. Sometimes you play the A. Take a breath. It's okay. It's okay. We're still out here. It's fine. Radar. First of all, do you guys know that radar is an acronym? I did not.


I don't know what I thought it meant, but it's an acronym. And I'll give a point to the man who knows what the acronym stands for. Radioactive arson Plane and reconnaissance What? Radioactive Arson Plane and reconnaissance Rappa. Huh? What did I spell? There's a D in there buddy. There Sure is, isn't there? I say plain. I meant dumbbell shit. I don't think you get to laugh at market anymore when he spells real slow. Hey, P'S and D'S are just, they're just up. They just fell over, you know? Does the last half of it stand for dish and receiver?


No, but that's a very smart guess. All right, nevermind then. Really awesome. Dick. A pal. Nope. That's Ray Evan, Right? That's not right. Wait, do you have another guest in there or do you give up? It's Gotta be something Radio. Something Radio. Radio is correct. Radio airplane Detector and reasoning. I wanna say that's closer but no, it stands for radio detection and ranging. They skipped A whole A They got you because they left the A from radio in the beginning there. But they left the A from and Stupid Boo.


It doesn't save you any time. It's a long word. It's a stupid word. And I think we could come up with a better acronym. Fourth, the thing that you look at to see where the airplanes is all at Bod bowl of data. Damn. Dots are moving. DD am dda. Oh damn. No. Oh, you said it first For some reason I thought you didn't say afternoon. I thought that. I thought it was damn was part of it. Damn. Dots are moving like D Damn Damn dots are moving. Da damn Dda. Fire the the nukes. It's actually three D's Da damn dots are moving.


Dda. TGP. Single ping. I like that I'm frozen. Oh, your thumbnail just updated. So now it's the frozen image on the side panel. You're so good at holding a pose. Hello. There he is. Hey Man. Welcome back. It froze so thoroughly. I couldn't even hit the reboot button. I had to shut the whole thing down. Your Computer heard. You might be upgrading it for Belling. Well better get in line 'cause I got the other computer I just built right next to it. Ready to go. Don't let 'em too close to each other. They'll shit talk you. Wow. Got any other radar ones? W-M-B-U-A. When? Bah, we might be under attack.


You have to say it with that voice Too. It's, it's the Ace Ventura. The early detection system. Wimu Was the guy from Family Guy Joe. It's like Joe and Jim Carrey had a baby. We might be under attack. Oh, it's Cronk. That's who it is. Which is kind of exactly what you said. Yeah. Cro Cronk is like if Joe and Jim Carrey had a baby a little bit. Good. Good ones. Those are all better. All of those are better than Radar. Didn't Know. Radar was an acronym. That was a new one to me. This one I want to change for the betterment of society. It causes problems. Disagreements. People don't even listen to the man who invented it. When we talk about and discuss and and get angry about it.


Gif terrible. Also known as gif. Depending on if you're right or wrong about how you pronounce it. I will die on gif. GIF is peanut butter. GIF is image. If the guy who invented it hadn't said gif, I would prefer gif. I don't care about the guy who invented it. He was wrong. I don't Think that's possible. Actually that is very possible. I don't even really care. But we could do better. Do you know what it stands for? Graphics Interchange. Format. That can't be it. Graphics image format. Or Is it inter? No, no, you were right. Interchange. You were right. Interchange. Yeah. Google Image found. Well, it doesn't matter anymore because we're moving on. What about Fifth Funny image format. Oh, that's a way better. And there's no, well it could be Fife Beef Fief picture Move.


I like it. Simple. Fun. R S M Real short movie. R S M feels like it already exists. It doesn't but like it feels like it does. So Ll a lucky loop. Do you say LL though? Or do you say, Ooh, I'll leave it up to the individual. So I guess that's not good. And yeah, we get it's gotta be unified guys, I'm gonna send you this. Hilarious. Ooh, It's actually pronounced. It's actually pronounced. I can't top that. But then you get into a bait over how many times you flick your tongue.


Well You extend the flicking based on how many times you would watch it in a row. Like a really good one. Woo. If it's two Ls, you're like, okay, I'll see it. But if it's like 10 Ls, you're like, dude, this can be Good. I do like a descriptive acronym. It's hard to get that kind of utility in these things. The file extension adds more Ls based on how good it is. Keeps track of how many times it's been watched and looped. Oh man, that's great. Mr. President, we have a 30 pager. Anytime it's introduced in court as like a piece of evidence, like yeah. I introduce evidence marked number 16. So USB containing in the file.


Choose Widely Liked meme. We're just gonna play this for the court. Well now I like that one a lot better. I don't know. Do you get, yeah, mark gets credit for that Looky loop was pretty good or whatever. What do all the extra LS stand for? Looky, looky, looky, looky, looky, looky. Looky loop. Yeah. Look, look, look, look. You just keep saying Looky loop. Looky loop. Looky loop. It's on a loop. Looky, looky, looky. Loop. Loop, loop. Looky loop. Loop, loop. Looky loop. Looky, looky. Loop. Loop. It could be whatever you want. Any combination of those two words. I was just Mumbling under my breath and I forgot that you guys could hear me for a second. I was like, loop, loop. Loop, loop. Looky loop.


Looky, looky. Loop. Loop. Mark. Are you having a, huh? Wasn't listening moment. No, I was listening. This one. There's nothing wrong with, I'm just tired of it 'cause it never works. Wifi what's a better acronym for wifi also, do we know what that means? I didn't, I wouldn't have guessed this if I'm being totally honest. This is not what I would've guessed. It means Wishing Phi optic. No, but could try Wide Wrong. Fuck. What don't you have when you use wifi Wire? Mm. No that can't be it. Why? Internet flopping?


I'm sorry. Is the the in from flopping the I, The the I in from flopping you. Oh, I see. It stands for wireless fidelity, which is just confusing. Well it's Like Hi-Fi, which is high fidelity or low-fi, low fidelity. I get it. It's not data transfer though. It's data storage. Hi-Fi is like a type of audio thing, right? The fifth generation of Hi-Fi is how we got this. I don't know why I'm giving you the crutching laugh. That was very funny. I just, I just like didn't wanna bust out laughing for no apparent reason, but like you totally deserved it. All right, so I caught up with a better version of wifi.


I-I-T-A-L-T-G. It's in the air. Like the government. I'm sorry. I think there needs to be an M on the end of that. Govern Mint? No, Like the government man. Yeah. Okay. Oh, govern Mint CWA cables. What are you poor? I'm getting crushed this round. I'm getting crushed. See wait. Yeah, no, I see that. All right. I like that. Okay, I'll say the one that I, the one that I came up with this for this one was Tet Toilet Entertainment Time.


Oh, Because you definitely need wifi if you're gonna have toilet time. L-T-B-F-P like telekinesis. But for porn, I mean, I don't think I have to see it. I think Wade pretty much takes this round. Yeah Man, I was, I was, I don't know, I think I fell asleep that round or something. How? Hmm? I wasn't listening. How? Oh Yeah, yeah. The I, yeah. Yeah. I'm making it a thing. No, I was listening. I just, man, I couldn't come up with the answers I needed. I believe in you Mark. I'm gonna pick a good one just for you. And this one is stupid. Both The thing that it is is stupid and I hate it. But also the acronym is awful Capcha.


Oh, And I just wanna throw this out there. This is another acronym where there's some letters in there that don't fucking belong. There's a 0% chance that you could guess what this is because it's stupid. Because it's spelled C-A-P-T-C-H-A, Cops against people that hold arsonists Probably. Except it stands for completely automated public Turing test, which doesn't have a bunch of those letters in it. They got capita and they were like, oh, that stinks. Oh, I didn't know. We could just make it up at the end of there. I know. Cap stuck. And the acronym sucks.


What is a better way that we could determine if someone using a website is a, is a robot or a human being and what would it be? Acronym called TMDP. Take my data please. I are, are you a robot? Does it have to be set in a pirate voice or is that, that's The inventor. Yes. I determined that the accent must be I are, That's really specific, but I accept it. YGBW you're gonna be wrong 'cause you'll do the test wrong the first time. I'll add A-C-Y-P-W-T-F-T because you'll be wrong.


The first time, Man, the first part was so smooth and then you thought you'd get fancy on it. No hackers allowed. I really liked that. I liked the tone of that. Much better than caption. This is a really long One. Yeah. What does that stand for you? Human Human. Human, human. Human, human. Human. Human. Human. Human. Ooh. C. Two pp.


C two. Pp. GR Robot test. Oh fuck. HMB. How many bicycles? B, K, C. Better. No. Crosswalks. Triple. A, Y, D, S, T, MW. You didn't say the magic word. Magic. DD dt. DTPC. Do those pixels count? I fucking hate when they're like click all the boxes with a bus in it and there's like one just, you could see that the bus is in there. But you know that doesn't count That I always get that one wrong 'cause I always click it.


Yeah, well that's the thing. 'cause the robot would see that and be like bus pixels. But we're humans so we're not supposed to notice things. You've heard Of Sigma? Have you heard of sga? Stop it. Go away. It just feels like a one that you could never succeed at. Are you supposed to be able to pass that test? Well not the people that aren't supposed to be there. Oh, I see. They stop and go away. Like, don't hack me please. DMP, I got a dump on it. I I, I have got nothing else. All right. Well I'm gonna say that's the last acronym that we're gonna fix. And all the rest of the shitty Acronyms out there, you're stuck with. Sorry everybody. There's a limited amount of hours in the day. So that's what we got going on here. I am gonna read the things that you earned points for starting in no particular order.


First with Mark, you earned points for threatening your electronics. Very high. Poops being supportive. Crabs me up. Ag. Oh, agreeing with me. ATM B. B really sucking vampire dick. T, SK, G, G, GIF and and robot test. Wade, you earn points for bent. Boy, am I tired of making those accounts enhancing. Mark Crab walk. Segue point. DYKD tip how Rap Lamb wabu high five and qua, what in the hell did I write?


I should have written down what these meant. Not just the A Acronyms. Well, I guess they weren't very memorable. If you Crap, you crap. Apparently is you got points for, I don't Remember it, but I'll take it. Mark, You earned a total of 11 points. And wait. You earned a total of 12 points. He was pretty good through this one. I, I'm not gonna lie. Yeah, that seems fair. Considering there was an entire round where he was the only one who submitted anything. Wifi. It's In the air. Just like the government. Government Govern. Yeah. Oh, the M and government. Of course.


Congratulations Wade. But more importantly, congratulations everybody. 'cause you're welcome for all of those very usable and memorable Acronyms. I know for sure next time I send someone a funny animated picture that I'm gonna remind them that it's printouts. But Mark, you did lose. So would you like to give your loser speech? It was a hard fought battle. My brain was working overtime in the beginning and then failed me towards the end. I think I got thrown off my game by my disconnect and then my brain just went elsewhere. And that's where it all went downhill from there. So well done. Weighed ample performance.


Kudos to Everyone. It is hard to bounce back from the disconnects I I've had that happen. Basically goes off your whole groove. Wait, congratulations. You have a winter speech. Yeah. Mark, you also had a very supple, supple perform. You have a very supple performance as well. Thanks. I sleep in gloves. Really helps. It was a great episode. It was a lot of fun. You had the best small talk. I just enhanced it a little bit. Mine was all about poop. I don't remember what I was talking about. Anyway, it was fun. It was fun thinking about better Acronyms. I'm glad we got rid of some. Glad we fixed all the ones. I think we made all of them better that we touched today. Unquestionably, Great job, Bob. Can't wait to host the next one.


I feel like I won all over again. Thanks for the compliment buddy. That is the end of the episode. Wade will host the next one. Like he said, make sure you follow the podcast by hitting the little plus symbol or whatever it may be. And then you'll never miss another episode. They're always on Mondays and Fridays so you really don't have an excuse, but if you follow, then you'll never, never miss NNM. Mark is Mark Ply. Wade is Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7 or Minion 7, 7, 7. And I am Bobs. Bobs. You're Bobs. I'm Bobs. Just Google. Bobs, oh come up. Thanks so much for watching. Thank you. Slightly less for listening and until next one podcast out. Woo.