
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks Root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, there you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Mechanic Mark has tingling cheeks but still makes the deadline. So wants to know his pals. Red eye moments whi less. Wade wants a bald mobile, has boffing dogs insomnia and gets wired editing for a vacation back when Bob gets scam spammed and shirks contractual duties from MCee and card from roller chairs to Pokemon Blue. Yes, it's time for All Nighters. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Ah, Is that the intro? That's a bold move. You know me, I'm a bold man. You know who else is bold Me? I've not had hair forever. Bold. Oh no. The view listeners of this podcast. welcome to another incredible episode of Distractible. And it's incredible because I'm here, unlike those other episodes, I wasn't there. That was a, that was an artificial recreation of me. Mark's been Checked out for years. Mark's been here. No, it's all Mark. Don't Worry. I am hosting today's episode If you've never listened to a Distractible for welcome, this is quite a first episode to come into, I think, anyway, I don't know, I'm kind of building on the stakes of this.


But how it works is I judge a topic of my choosing and these unwilling participants, Bob and Wade, who are contractually obligated to be here, have to play my game of mischief and wonder and then I'll pick a winner based on the points that I assign. I have my, my, you guys get post-Its today. Hey, that's pretty good. How Are you guys doing? Oh, so good guys. Have you ever seen those ads online that are like, is your chair not rolled Very good on your carpet. Put roller blade wheels on it and then it'll roll Real good. That I want 'em. That's Great. I did it. Look. Ah, I forgot my headphone cable is approximately three feet long.


I think I'm still plugged in. It's fine. Anyway, look. Wow man, that's crazy. Whoa, You're really moving in your chair. Me too, Man. I got a really cheap set of of roller blade wheel upgrade. My chair rolls good now. Which is delightful. Mine too. That sounds smooth. It's the world's squeakiest chair. I fucking hate it. I got one of those plastic like floor mats to roll my chair on and my green screen rests on the very back of it. So whenever I roll backwards, it kind of sounds like in a construction site, if you like hear someone step out on the, like the ledge of the metal pillar as I scoot back and it's kind of a terrifying noise.


What construction site are you talking about? Who's stepping on ledge? What kind of pirate ship construction site? They're walking the metal plank, You know the action movie construction site. Rickety metal. Metal pillar noise. The the big metal wpa. What? I'm so lost. I thought it was gonna, you know The, the crane holds the metal and they step and it's like I know exactly. Oh that's not a WPA WPA noise. No, no, it's A I know you're losing me again. I thought I found you. You know, with The star BCS on the construction site, they're rocking the shit back and forth. What was the point of that?


Because he's got roller blades and I've got roller death. Ah, back to you. Okay. Okay. Yeah, good. Anyway, my chair rolls real good and I love it now. That's great. I don't know what ads you're referring to. You're getting so targeted. I get targeted for office supply ads. I don't know, it's, it's not like a lot but I've You've never seen the thing where they're like, put these wheels on your chair, it'll roll real smooth and then it's like a O office chair. Never seen That. Not once. That's fair. I think people tweeting the word bald at me has made it to where I only get hair loss ads. I think the fact that I look at Twitter and it's just like, wow, weight is bald, bald, bald, bald. It's like, then everything's like, oh he keeps looking at these bald messages.


Maybe he needs some hair. Well what do people tweet at me then? Crypto scam. Do you get nothing but crypto scam? I Get so many crypto scams guys. Half of my entire Twitter, everything when I go on that app is just some crypto scam or Web3 0.0 NFT, whatever bullshit scam thing. And it's like neat. I'll be sure to click on that. Oh Yeah, I got some travel. Add a car add. I would like car ads. I love cars. There's Actually a lot of car ads. Wait, no, why? Lemme Know if you find a good one. Someone is still looking in this group. I thought you had one ordered. Well we've got one on. Wait, but that's more for Molly.


I still need one. Ah Hmm. Can't you just get a Corvette then or something? If is Molly's getting a big people mover, I could just leave and go probably buy a car. But like I wanna figure out which one I want. You know what you should buy. I was trying to think of something funny but there are no bald cars. Wait, are there Harry cars? I don't know. I was trying to figure out if there was eh, that's nothing. What? Wait, what was, what movie was the shagging wagon where it was like a dog? Was it called the Shagging Wagon? Are you talking about the the dog truck that they drive in? Dumb and Dumber? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've not seen that since I was very young so it's like, I barely remember. But yeah. And man, this is hilarious. 'cause it's like so far this whole puck is everyone just forgetting their train of thought halfway through, but not in the same way where it's like, oh it's Distractable.


I didn't forget wheels. Oh really? The office chair. I'm on point here. I never know what's going on. Neither do I. Anything else you guys would like to bring up at this juncture of the episode? Sleep's important after not sleeping well for like a week, which maybe everyone in this call can relate to a bit. One with a baby, one with a movie baby me, with myself being the baby man. I love sleep and God, it's been hard to come by the last like three weeks. Wow. This is crazy. 'cause Wade just got himself the Segue point. Ding Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. My brain waves in yours are meshed in.


Hmm. I like that gesture, but I didn't wanna say that I liked it. So today's episode is not about sleep necessarily, it's actually about the lack thereof, but a specific way we're gonna talk about All Nighters, right? The experiences that have called for them and when they have been necessary in your life and what for, because last night, well actually yesterday, have we done this episode? You guys are looking at me like I might have done, we might have done this. I don't think so. We've talked about sleep and stuff in a couple ways, but I don't think we've done this specific thing. I was just honestly thinking of what I was gonna talk about already. Alright, cool. Well I'll, I'll tell a story. First of all you guys think of that 'cause the past few weeks I have been missing in the past. I've done campaigns like, you know, mark Blis in Reel when I've gone away.


This one was so short notice and so rapid. I just had to like dive into a hundred percent or else I wouldn't have the chance again. And so I've been prepping, you know, the movie for a while and I was prepping at this time to submit a version of it somewhere. I won't say where, but, you know, prepping, packaging it. so I was doing a lot of that myself. And long story short, it culminated to yesterday, God, this was just yesterday. so I had only slept like an hour of the night before and then four hours a night before that. So the night that I stayed up until like 8:00 AM it got to 8:00 AM and I was like, okay, I'll just try to get like an hour of sleep, but I better wake up. so I set like five alarms on my phone and then I set the oven timer because I would, I didn't trust my phone anymore 'cause you can't trust the alarms on it.


And lemme tell you that oven, that oven alarm worked 'cause I just, I woke up with like, the house is on fire. Oh God. Like I thought it was a fire alarm going off. But last, last night was even crazier because I had, I had got done, but where I am is kind of bad internet. so I wasn't able to upload very fast. But I had planned ahead and I was like, okay, I'll, I'll just, you know, I'll let it go and I'll I'll start this. Then I realized I uploaded the wrong version of it. Completely wrong, very broken version, just complete not what I wanted to show. so I stopped that and then I, I looked at the clock and thankfully the deadline was not midnight where I was, but midnight one time zone away from where I was.


So there I am at just past midnight, here I am calling around and there's someone here that was on the crew of the show that Anna had had connected with. Imma has like fast internet, fiber internet. Mm. Imma lives 40 minutes away. Holy Christ. I do the math and it's like, okay, it is just past minute. I've less than an hour before the deadline closes. I I literally rip my, all the cables outta my laptop. That's why setting up took a little bit for today. 'cause I had ripped everything outta my laptop and I was like, I have to go immediately now.


And I threw everything in my backpack. I made sure I had the right file. I double made sure and then I, I went on the road and I literally do because I don't speed ever. so I drove like three over. But then I was like, I'm Pushing it. Whoa, whoa, this is the most important deadline of my life. 66 and a 65. Like I, that is what I was doing. That's good. You're a good boy, man. You should never speed. I don't know what it is. I can't speed no matter what. Like If I am In a hurry, it's just like I'm gripping the steering wheel tighter while I Have cruise control locked to 68. It's like old ladies are like honking going around giving you the bird.


You're like, I'm in a hurry going. Yeah, but it's, I, I I don't know, it's just the way it is. But I get there and there's 20 minutes left and so the upload takes no time at all because it's like five and a okay, it's uploaded, but then to submit it is a different process. And I didn't realize you had to write a synopsis, fill out the ca the like the main crew fill out the director writer and the main actor. You have to fill this out. And it put me, Me, me just like, this seems, This seems weird. And so I wrote like a, i I wrote like a little synopsis And. it was, it was, it was 1159. 1159 when I hit Submit And it went through, It just, It was like squeaked by just at the last second.


I was, I was so, so happy and I was so grateful that, that there was the internet there and I had pulled so many what I would still consider All Nighters, even if you take like, like a nap. I worked through the night just to like plow as much. I can get an hour of sleep there four hours a night before And. it was worth it. It was very much worth it. And it's one of those things where it's like, yeah, it sucks to go through it but I, I think there's like this this response for the the human brain where it's like if you have a need, you know all other, all other needs do go away, you can't pretend yourself into that mode. But once you're in that mode, it's like, shit I gotta get done. Whether it's like adrenaline or just like this kind of urgency. Yeah, I would love to hear about you guys as All Nighters or any kind of like time based, deadline based things that needed all of your willpower, whether it worked out or not.


Do They have to be Successfully productive all nighter? No, no, no. They could be a total failure. It could be no good reason at all. Like I've got a, I told about the other all nighter that I played Sonic adventures too and my friend, my brother-in-law's friend didn't believe me that I stayed up all night. So it's like it could be nothing. The only Time I've done All Nighters where I had a thing I needed to turn in was law school. I, I can summarize how I probably did four or five of these where it was like the next day a thing was due at the beginning of class or whatever and I have to, all of them went the same way and all of them were something like, okay it's 9:30 PM the night before it's due. I've started on it but it's nowhere near done.


If I pull an all-nighter, I've got 13 and a half hours before I need to be in that classroom handing in this or or sending the email so that it's timestamped before the, the cutoff time got 13 and a half hours. I probably got a little time for some video games and proceed to play approximately eight to 10 hours of video games. And then it gets to like six in the morning and I'm like, okay, gotta stop screwing around. Guys need to focus. You know what I really re need right now. I'm gonna run to McDonald's and get some breakfast real quick. I can't focus. I thought You were gonna say I can't focus till we get a dub guys, let's literally lock in.


No, I'm done with the video games but it's way too early and I just pulled in all nighter, I deserve some breakfast. I'm just gonna go to McDonald's and pick up a quick snack in little caffeine and you get home, sit down McDonald's bag on the desk and I'm like, okay, just a couple hours left. I can't work and to eat at the same time. I'll just watch like one episode of something while I eat this McDonald's. And then I work on my project for 45 minutes. Shit out the crappiest brief I've ever written in my life. Turn it in. Boom. B minus. Nailed it. 45 minutes. I still have more time for video games. Yeah man you got 15 minutes Left. Yeah, no, I I I bef as I'm sitting there like All right? Well it takes 18 minutes to get to school from walking out the front door and I have like 36 minutes.


I don't even have to leave for like an entire round of PUG or whatever I was, no, I'm not, I'm not a good, I was not a good student at all. I don't know how I got away with, what's funny is one of those All Nighters was for a thing in my contracts, one of my contracts courses that I took in that class, I got a book award, which is an award they give out every semester to the people who get the highest grade in the class. Oh I don't know what's wrong with me. I dunno what kind of special brain powers I have, but they make me horrendously irresponsible and somehow I still get by with like, I mostly get B'S in school regardless of how terrible of a student I am. No idea how that worked. Couldn't tell you, don't be like me kids. Do your homework, get a, get some sleep.


I, I think that more people are probably like that than would ever admit it. All these success gurus and whatnot that say like, I, you just gotta go get up at 4:00 AM and go to workout, no excuses, da da da. And it's like, sure they do that maybe, but it's like they, they don't fill every single day with nothing but work. Even me like here in the past three weeks, some, some of these days I, I just like, I would go in there and I would move lights. I moved lights for eight hours straight 'cause I was like it could be, ah, let's tweak it. Ah, let's tweak it. Ah, let me tweak it. Ah, I think it was better before. Lemme go back. Well that's not what it was before. And I was just like, it's like doing nothing. Spinning your wheels is like such a ugh God, you're That SpongeBob meme where he sits down to write and he's like, and it's just a huge ornate tea That is so what?


It's because in the edit I was doing this one thing in the edit where I was like, I was like, I get so locked in, like I can do some cool here and I try to make these stew shots match cut to each other. I do that a lot and this, it just wasn't working. But I was like, nah, let me try something else. Let me try that again. Let me move one frame here. Lemme use smooth cut. Nah cross it all. Let me cut out that shape, put it on and I hours, hours on the stupid thing that no one's gonna ever care about. God. I'd like to brag that I'm a good editor and I think I am, but sometimes I'm just a my own worst enemy in editing. Ugh, Nice segue because editing is one of the things I've stayed up. I've got a few different, I've not set up all night that often.


Usually whenever I get together with friends we'd be like, dude, let's pull it all night. We're gonna play video games, watch stuff. And then like by 3:00 AM everyone but me has passed out and I'm like, fucking wasn't even my idea to do this shit. Why am I the only one awake? So then I'd cave in, but before a pax one year I was recording, oh God, what was the name of the game? I always forget the name of the game. It was a horror game. Popular Craven Manor. It was Craven Manor. Settlers of Kaan. Settlers Of Catan Craven Manor. Oh okay. I think I've told this story. But like we had to leave for a flight I think at six 15 in the morning. We had to leave at six 15 to get to the airport and I finished recording. Oh God. It had to be like 5:30 AM and I was like, okay, edit process thumbnail.


I've got 45 minutes, shit I haven't packed. I can pack while it's rendering. And we were out the door at six 17. But let me tell you that recording session every death, I was like, dude, if I die one more time, we're not gonna make our flight. It was high pressure, High Stakes recording of like, I gotta finish, I know I'm close to the end of the game, I can't die again. And worst thumbnail probably worst editing job I've ever done where it was like, cut this out, intro, outro. Good. There's probably nothing I need to do in the middle. Render that shit. I doubt I said a slur in there. I I'm it's probably fine. Yeah, I don't think so. Not today. How Long are my videos usually?


48 minutes. That's probably right. No, I think that was still back in my like try to cap at 15 days. I don't remember. It's, it is been a while, but did I remember getting to the airport like the adrenaline of like getting that done And, it was like I was wide awake then like halfway through the drive to the airport, my body's like, kill me. Like what? Oh god, Molly, I'm tired. Hit me really hard about halfway there then like, you know, we'd fly there. I don't remember if it was Boston or Seattle, but it was one of those two maybe. I mean I guess there was one in San Antonio back in the day too. so I remember like falling asleep on the plane for like, you know, half an hour or whatever. And then we got there and like friends wanted to meet up for lunch and then dinner And it was like, yeah, we can do whatever y'all wanna do today. Meanwhile I'm just like looking at our hotel like a tear running down my face.


Like be no, it's great to see you guys. Oh man, it's, it's crazy 'cause when I woke up from that nap, like the hour that I got sleep, I, it was death. Like, I woke up and I was like, there's no way I can do anything. But I was clawing myself out of my couch bed just 'cause it's a bowl, right? so I put two couches together, so I have to, I have to crawl out there. I'm like, oh, crying. I fall in the, I I'm Picturing like a lattice, like Dutch or like an apple pie where you're crawling outta the crust of your bed. The bunk couch. are you talking about the bunk couch? No, it was so it's like, and I thought, I thought like, I was just like, there's no way I need more sleep. I can't do this. Oh no, I'm not gonna hit it. And then I, I had coffee delivered.


so I like, so I had I, this is the first time I've ever felt coffee instantly help because I woke up starting from my mouth, I swear to God, I don't know how to explain it. As soon like I felt my cheeks start tingling in there and I was like, my body must just be absorbing it from my cheeks or mouth or something. And then I just started and then I was like, I can do this. I've never had that effect with caffeine before in my life. Like I, I drink caffeine every day, but it's just like I, that it was, it was a rescue then because I, there was no way, there was no way man. And then I was fine the whole day. I was shocked. You know, another time I tried All Nighters.


It was actually when we lived together Mark, oh yeah, my freshman year of college I was in went went to college for music education. And so I and I played tuba. And for anyone who doesn't know the way that works is your, my major was education. so I all my music, a lot of my classes were like pedagogical classes. Like here's how you, they teach you how to sing so that you can teach, you know, beginning singers how to and all this sort of stuff. But also you have to still be in the studio that all the performance majors are in and you have to still be reasonably good at your instrument. You don't just get to be a useless piece of shit on your instrument and become a teacher of music. And so I was in the studio and I was, class was fine and school was fine, but I was struggling with the performance part 'cause I'd never really played as a tuba player.


I'd never really done a lot of solo stuff. I was always just in the band or in the ba in the back of the jazz band or whatever. And I had no like virtuosity. I if you recall Mark, 'cause we were in the dorm together and my freshman year of college I also played a lot of modern warfare. Call of Duty four was relatively fresh. You brought a tv, I brought an Xbox 360 and I played so much Call of Duty. I literally, mark was asleep three and a half feet away from me on our very safe bunk bed. And I'm sitting in the middle of our dorm room clacking away on COD four for just hours every night. And eventually, like I wasn't getting better at tuba enough and I was like, you know what? I stay up like so late just playing video games and stuff.


What if instead I practiced my instrument. And so instead of playing Call of Duty, there was a stretch where I would just go over to the practice rooms and get, get set up. And some people did that but not a lot. Practice rooms are during the day are like bustling busy. Like you have to wait for a room, you have to really fight. And not in the middle of the night. No, no one was that insane except for like a, I was Hoping you were doing this in the dorm room. You're like, well Mark doesn't wake up the call of Duty. No Dude, we, so Mark was the only person on the first four floors of our entire dorm that was like not a music major basically. 'cause we were in the CCM dorm, they did not tolerate that shit. And no one except for singers, because singers are singers and they just do it whenever the fuck they please no instrumentalist would like get their instrument out in the dorms 'cause you would immediately just get in trouble 'cause it was obnoxious.


But the practice rooms are open 24 hours a day. All you do is scan your school ID and go in there and practice fine. I did not get any better at tuba from playing tuba. There are some things, 'cause it's like you're saying right? Like the, you reach that point at the all nighter where you're just like, gotta keep going. It turns out that's not a good way to get better at a, a performing art. Like you can force yourself to do things but you're not, you're not in a good mental space to be like, oh, the tone of that note was a little bright. I should really do some long tones and work on keeping my, my tongue down and my throat open and really try and round out like in, in the middle of the night I was just like, push the buttons, blow the thing, push the button, blow the thing, you know what doesn't make good music playing like a half asleep robot person all through the night.


Yeah. So that was an experiment in, well if I'm not gonna sleep anyway, what if I did doesn't work, I should have just kept playing Call of Duty. 'cause then at least I would've had fun and maybe practiced during the day. I mean, not that I didn't practice during the day, honestly. I just lack some, some fundamental aspects of what makes a really good classical musician. I was a very, very good funk and jazz musician. 'cause I have really strong rhythm and that was my favorite thing anyway. I didn't wanna play in an orchestra, get outta here, stinky orchestra. I think that subconscious like thought process there affects everything that we do. Like it, it really is like, even if your fore mind is just like, I want to do the, I gotta do the thing. If you're, if your hind mind isn't in, you know, rhythm with what you're thinking, it's, it's not gonna work.


And I think like that's where All Nighters are great when there is that urgency. Because for me it is like sometimes, you know, my, my hind brain in there is like, ah, I can fiddle. I could, I could, oh I gotta prep for the next thing. so I just like, it's so hot in there. So I'm like, I'll plan how to stay cool when I do this thing. so I spent a whole day like getting ice chests and coolers and shit like that. But when it's all together, it's, it's, it's amazing. And when those moments happen are just like really, really special. You know when they don't happen, whenever you think you've got the most brilliant plan in the world and it's, everything is wrong with it. We went to the vet years ago, I think it was like 2018, I think it was the year we got our dogs. What plan do you have at the vet? Oh trust me, there's a plan.


I know how to cure Animals. We're like, okay we gotta drive to Minnesota and Presley gets car sick. So what if we tell them this and they give us like some doggie melatonin or something, help 'em just relax, sleep on the drive. They're like, yes. Here we're like great, don't pay any attention. We take the meds, we're like, awesome. This is gonna be great. And then I'm like, what if Molly, listen, what if on top of this we drive at night? 'cause I'm like a night person like 11 o'clock. I'm like, woo, I'm awake. So we drive at night when the dogs are tired anyway and they sleep and you and I, we can stay awake till like four or 5:00 AM easy. I can stay awake till 7:00 AM easy. So we drive to Minnesota, we leave at like 10:00 PM we get there, you know, 10:00 AM it's about a 12 hour drive. And the last three or four hours be a little tough but like we'll make it whatever.


So we give the dogs their medicine and we leave the, we leave Cincinnati, we get to Indianapolis. In the backseat. In the crate we hear, I'm not gonna mimic it for the sake of the audience, but we hear that sound of a dog getting ready to hurl. And I'm like, oh god. Well first part of the plan failure. I thought the why isn't he asleep? Isabella told it mean you never wake up to anything ever. Oh God, I hope not. Well it turns out they didn't give us doggy sleep medicine. They gave us doggy anxiety medicine. Like, oh your dogs are just very anxious. What's the problem? Is they're anxiety. I'm like, no, he gets car sick. That's 'cause they're anxiety. No, please just help 'em sleep. Relax. Now he is very, very anxiety. So we're like, why the hell did you give us anxiety meds? We thought it would help.


He is very anxiety. You might wanna examine which vet you're taking your dogs to. Yeah, Well we did actually. But we get to Indianapolis, which is an hour and a half from Cincinnati, which is not 12 hours away. So I'm thinking to myself, I'm doing the math. I'm like, okay now the dogs are in a crate swirling in their own puke. We have 11 and a half, we have 10 and a half hours left of this drive. We gotta try to like clean out the crate. So we pull over, start trying to clean out the crate, puts a delay, get back on the road. We brought some extra towels just in case. Hit the road and we get like an hour further in and Molly and I are like, oh God, I'm tired. I forgot driving puts me to sleep. It's like the one thing that actually makes me tired. Oh, there's a horrible mistake.


We can't go back now. Like we gotta keep going. We're almost two and a half hours away from home. We couldn't possibly turn back. So like every, I swear every hour and a half the dog's almost on cue. We'd get sick, we'd have to stop and clean out the crate. We drive. Molly and I are switching every hour and a half 'cause we just cannot stay awake. We're like, we're so tired. It takes us an extra like two or three hours to get there and by the time it's like 1:00 PM and we're pulling in, we pull in. I think we stayed with her like her sister, I, I remember us like getting outta the car and we're just like, okay, we gotta clean the dogs and then go to bed. And they're like, hi, how are you guys? We're like, we gotta clean out the crate and go to bed. And she looked at me and I thought she was actually going to kill me.


And she is like, we are never going a night drive like that ever again. I don't care if someone died or not doing it. And I was like, you're right honey. Dude, we, I don't know if I've ever been more miserable than like the last six hours of that drive just knowing there was more dog vomit. Dogs are miserable, we are miserable. And I'm like, I'm a night person. I swear as I'm like trying not to nod at the wheel. It was, it was a really terrible all night idea. You know the answer was right in front of you all along. The vet gave you anxiety meds. It just sounds like you were stressed. We should have taken them. You Should have, yeah. How many dog anxiety meds are people good for there? You're at least four dogs of a person.


Yeah, probably four. The dogs were like 10 pounds. I was about two 20. so I just take 22 times the amount that the dogs take. I slugged down the whole thing probably fine. Sorry Molly. No anxiety for you. How bad could it be to be even less anxious? What could go wrong? And I'm sure dog meds are the same as people, meds just a lower dose. You know, we could solve this problem, you know Airbnb, right? What if we built a bigger Airbnb building with like multiple rooms in it? Right? What I thought you were going for. What did you say guys going? I don't know why, but in my head I was like, oh he is gonna make a like an Irish accent joke and be like, what if it's CB?


I don't know why. I just really disappointed. That's not what happened. What Does mean? Because it's like CB but it rhymes with Airbnb. C Airbnb. Yeah. Mark, why don't you think about that? Why didn't you think of that? The most obvious answer. You're Right. I'm so stupid. God no, Fine. Say your stupid thing you were gonna say or whatever Said it like make a joke of only hotels existed. Oh, I see. Yeah. You Gotta find what that takes. Dogs. It's the middle of the night. What do you want us to do? Look at our phones. There's Tons I've I've driven all over. There's tons of hotels to take dogs. Oh God, we didn't have time for that. We were almost there. I I I can't, I can't actually contest to that attest contest.


No attest to that as well. I drove cross country with Lexi and I didn't have reservations and I just, whenever we got to be time to stop, I sort of Googled and was like, yeah, these four hotels all accept pets. Let's do this. We're already like a third of the way there. Might as well just finish it. We're already like halfway there. Might as well just finish it. Only 10 more hours of driving. What could go wrong? No, we had it. They got sick once. They're not gonna get sick again. They got another system. They're fine. Dude, Late night driving is such a trap. I was always a late night person. And speaking more about college, where I went to school was about two hours away from my parents' house. And so like, and I had a car at school for several of the years I was in college. so I would drive myself home to like visit them for holidays or on the weekends.


But it was always that thing where it was like, well if I just, if I just go later, it'll be like after rush hour, right? And if I just go even later, there'll be no one on the roads. There won't be a soul out there. I can just make the drive. No traffic, no delays. It'll be perfect. And I somehow, I always ended up driving that, that relatively short two hour drive. Like at like I would leave at one in the morning and get to my parents' house at like three ish. And I had, there were definitely some times where I overestimated how I, how good I was at driving in the middle of the night and like halfway there I would be like, oh man. Ooh. And there was one time where I actually was like, I felt like I might fall asleep on the road and I straight up just pulled over into like a truck stop and slept in my car for an hour because I was like, this is probably not safe.


And I, this is not an in a modern, you know, like a fancy 2024 car where that has like auto stopping or I had an old piece of crap that only worked most of the time at best and would not do anything to save my ass if I fell asleep while driving in. It's awful night. Driving overnight is always sounds like a good idea to me too. It's always a bad idea. It was even worse with two of us. Well it was, it was good. But we had two of us to switch off. But like whenever it's just you, you can like roll down the window, crank the air, turn the volume up with two of us, with one of us, like needing to sleep. It was like, well I can't turn the radio on all it needs to sleep. I can't hum I can't do anything to stay awake. I'm just gonna stay awake 'cause oh God, willpower.


No, there's Nothing quite like the feeling of being so afraid you're gonna fall asleep while cruising down the highway. That you roll down all the windows, crank the music up as loud as you can and you're singing Bohemian Rhapsody at full blast while you still feel like you'd rather just die in the ditch as you fall asleep on the side of the road looking Like a zombie. Just like is this real Wise, There is one particular stretch of road coming from Cincinnati to LA that goes like through Colorado going into Nevada I believe or wherever it is. There's junction city as the under end of it and there's a mountain pass in there. Have you ever been on that road? I don't think I, I only did that drive once.


I don't think that's the way I went. I went through like Salt Lake City. I think I was further south than that. Maybe it's kind of a road that's like closed during the winter or you can't go through it if you don't have chains, right? So that's, that's one of the stressful things. If they say you can, you need chains, you need chains. Like there's chain up areas going up and down. That drive is stressful during the day because these mountains, the way they are is they look like they're over your car. They're so tall and they're so vertical and they just look like this. And you're like, huh, that looks like any rock could fall at any moment. And I swear to God, when I was driving, when we were driving, I was in the passenger seat. I looked up like, man man, I, I wonder how often they fall. I saw one like God just right there And it And it is like this winding like two lane highway with like a guardrail and a divider and it's just like these winding turns and people are taking 'em like 55 and I don't speed but everyone else is.


And, and it's, it's stressful during the day. We've driven that at night. That shit, that shit's fucking terrifying. 'cause like there's a, like if there, if there is any light from the moon or something like that, like you can just see the outlines of these like jagged mountains as like, like look like mouth is opening up around you and then all of a sudden the moon, it's gone. 'cause a mountain just, it's terrifying at night. Dude, I hate that so much. I ha having lived in North Carolina and had family in Ohio, we drove that drive quite a bit for, 'cause we lived down there for like six or seven years. And in bet in like West Virginia and Virginia, you, you drive through the mountains and there are a bunch of stretches of that drive where there's just, you're cutting.


It's not like the one you're describing, but you are cutting through mountains and there's stretches where clearly there have been rock slides or whatever and rocks come down and land. And the signs that like every stretch where that happens, there's a sign that's like caution falling rocks. And every time I see one of those signs, it makes me so fucking mad because it's like, just do, I don't know, maybe other people work differently. What does that help me with? What does that prepare me for? Like if I'm cruising down the highway at 70 and a and I see the sign and then half hour later a, a rock comes falling down, I'm like, oh, this is what they prepared me for. Woo. And I go, no, no matter what sign you put, if there's a rock falling into the highway, my reaction is, oh fuck.


Oh my God. And so the sign just like reminds you to be anxious the whole time doesn't, it doesn't do anything to help. And my, my even less favorite sign is there are some stretches where it's like caution falling rocks, rock mitigation techniques in effect or something like that where it's like we put up some nets clearly that doesn't work either. Fuck you guys. Like you put up some nylon ripstop nets for a three ton boulder that's gonna come crashing down the side of this mountain Mach 30 into the side of my car. That's hilarious because like in LA there's this one highway that goes right around this mountain. It's very tight. I think it's, I don't know the five to the 1 0 1 very Californians.


But it has this mountain that has falling rocks on it. And there was a fence there, there was one day we get like you hear on the news like this, this highway off ramp is closed because there's a rock in it. And the pictures just like the rock plowed through this fence. Like just, it wasn't even there. It was a, I hope I'm remembering that right because there, there must be a picture out there of this where it's just like, and obviously this lane's just closed. And I, I think about that because I'm like, yeah, you're right. If I look up, what am I gonna watch out for it? I'm just gonna see it coming. Like I watch it because it's getting me, I'd rather not know. That's When you bring your butterfly net so you can Catch 'em All. right.


Cutting that right here. I got It. What they should do is treat mountains like rollercoaster hills and just have you go straight up. But it's like, well if the car can't go that it's like, well you build a little trek that hooks to your car, pulls you up and you go, wow. Straight down. No you do it, you do it like, like those ski lifts where you don't, it's not a ride on lift but you roll your window down and there's a little rope with bars hanging off of it and you sort of pull up next to it and you grab the bar and then you hold on And it pulls you up the mountain with Your car. Yeah you just like, your car helps. But then the, you know, you just hold on And, it pulls your whatever. It makes sense. Put your car in neutral. Just grab a rope and hold on. Oh you know what? If we're talking about drives, I don't know if I've complained about this on the show before, since we're talking about it.


Another, another hilarious feature of the drive between North Carolina and Ohio is there's a stretch. I don't know what happened but there's a stretch in West Virginia where the road is like, it's through mountains still, but it's in like a, like the ground is un, I don't know how to say it. The ground moves a lot. I don't know if it's like sandy or if there's like earthquake activity or what, but like, and that fucks with roads, right? Even if it's only a slight shift, if the ground isn't like really stable roads will, you know, get all wonky and crack and whatever. And there's a stretch where there are multiple points where there are big signs that that are like, look out, there's a dip, there's a big dip in the road and like three out of four of the signs you see the sign and you're like whoa. And then right after the sign you're kinda like UNK and you're like whoa, that was a big dip.


But there's one where I swear to fucking god there's no dip and it's just a prank. Like you see it's a huge sign that's like caution dip in the road and you're like, yeah, was that it? No, there's the dip in the room, it's gonna chase us down. I don't know, it's like a prank, I swear to God it's like a prank. The the the highway department of transportation or whatever bolt kiss, there's nothing. But then you spend the next like five, 10 minutes you're like dip. I get like that with railroad crossings. There are some railroad crossings that you hit and it's just like, oh I barely felt a thing. And there's other ones that you hit and like even if you're going slow, you're like holy shit.


Yeah, no matter what you do, like you can go flying over some and it's like smooth as butter and other railroads. It's like they made that as fucking Jan as shit to make sure that you get your ass rocked no matter how slow you hit it. God, that actually, you just reminded me of a moment I had last night that I had forgotten about involving something like that. I, I'm driving along and I hear what I think is an avalanche. Alright, there's no mountains near me. It's Oh, it's Texas avalanches. I know, right? But it's, it sounds like an earthquake or something. Something is rumbling and it's getting louder and I'm just driving. It's not even a highway, it's just like a side road and something is getting louder and louder and closer and I'm, I'm so tired.


Like right. So, but I, I like, I know I can get home but I'm just like, what the fuck's happening? Is this it is it is this dying? Is this death And I, it sounds like it's coming from behind me. And then I'm like okay, is it like a big vehicle but I'm on the rightmost lane and I'm like, there's no one passing around the right. I look over and there's a train literally like speed, like perfectly matching my speed and it's just like it was the most cinematic thing I've ever seen in my life. I just look over and it's this train that looks like it's frozen in in the air because it's just going the same speed I am. It looks so static. It, my brain took a few seconds to jar it out of like, oh it's, we're both going forward and that was it. But it, I thought I was dying. I thought That'd be wild. I've never experienced that with a train.


Yeah I thought there was like a volcano erupting and I, this was it. You know, Texas is finally being sucked into hell. But It was so great because like it just reminded me how beautiful, like in those mountains where I was driving, one of the prettiest thing we ever, we had a similar experience where this train was going the exact same speed and we were rounding a corner and this train popped out of a tunnel at the exact same time. It was beautiful train trains. I get why people get obsessed with trains because they are just like magnificent machines. I love big machines. They're so cool And trains are just like, I get it. I totally understand the obsession some people can have with them because that Like mechanical whales, they burst up through the dirt and yeah come back down Kind of kind of the lights on the front, especially at night because the lights are just like a big beaming light and And.


it looks so different from anything else you would ever seen And it's moving. It's just, oh this is cool. And then I died. Now have you guys ever done, so railroad crossings change, right? They sort of get worse over time. Generally speaking they get more bumpy 'cause stuff the pavement breaks down or whatever. Have you ever had this thing where like you know, or this railroad crossing is like a smooth one in your head. You're like ah, I don't, I don't have to slow down for this. This is a good one. But also it's possibly been a little while since you've gone over it. There's one near where we live now where, I don't know why I didn't put this together but we finally moved back to Ohio, right? And we live in Cincinnati and I know I've, this area I've spent a lot of time in a decade ago-ish.


And so there's this one where I know this railroad crossing really well. You cross it all the time. You go up and down the street very frequently. It took me a long, like an embarrassing long, long time to relearn that. It's a fucking nightmare now. It used to be one where you could just cruise over it And. it was perfectly smooth. And the first time I was driving somewhere and I was going in my head I was like ah yeah this one's chill. We go And it you that thing where you go over it and it's just like, and you're for a second you're like, holy fuck did I break the whole car? What the hell? And it took me like several terrifying explosion bump festivals before I remembered like, oh yeah, it's been a decade that's not as smooth like it used to be when I was a child the year before.


You ever do that? No. I mean I've hit them like that. Yeah. 'cause you see like the car in front of you is like a Hummer or something that's like all terrain vehicle And. it like just cruises over full speed. You're like, dude, civic can do what a Hummer does and then it does not. How Many hummers have you driven? I also watched a person that was like, ah, the warning things are going off. Well it's like a yellow light that means you go faster. And they didn't get stuck on the track but they did get hit by the thing that comes down. And unlike A GTA that does not just snap, it was like on their car and she like they, I think it was a lady driving she could not get out of, she was just stuck there. Like part of her car just like hit with that thing until like the train passed And it lifted up and like you could tell it damaged her car pretty good.


Oh my god. Yeah tho those things don't really mess around. They seem like they're not a big deal in like movies and stuff. 'cause they just blow out of the way and they will stop you from going. I've seen more than one video of people trying to get out like a, like a secure parking area and there's like barriers at the end of it. It's like I'll drive faster. They just crash faster. They just, yeah, they cave more of their car in half. Like it's, those things are very strong. Turns Out they're not made of cardboard like they are in GTA. I'm trying To think of their all-nighter type stuff. I mean obviously with the baby I've done some involuntary All Nighters, but that's a whole different thing. And it's okay if you're delirious as long as you're doing the correct things for the baby. So this is fine.


I only had one other All Nighters thing I remembered and I think I've told the story before where we stayed up all night playing Diablo, my friend and I. Then we caught a raccoon in Annette after cutting down most of my mom's tree in her front yard. What the fuck Is that? Why that completely unhinged behavior happened? Because you literally didn't sleep and then you were like delirious and decided that was a good idea. I don't know. I we, we just like, we were super into it. We were like close to beating nightmare difficulty or something on D, the original Diablo. Oh, with The game. I thought you were super into getting the raccoon. I was like, why are you so excited? Super into this raccoon? No, No, no. We were, we were super into playing Diablo. We were like, dude, we're gonna finish it. And we didn't know what we were doing. So like we didn't do stats, right? So our builds were all like absolutely fucking terrible.


We're like, oh yeah, we're gonna get there. Took a lot longer than we thought, but we beat it and then it was like 7:00 AM and I don't, I don't remember how we even saw it, but like we looked out and there was just a raccoon in the front yard and my friend was like, we could catch that. And I was like, yes, Of course It all makes sense. Destiny has called our name. It is time. And the raccoon ran up a fucking tree. We were like, well, little does it know that's where its grave will be because it can't go anywhere from there. Get the ladder, get the tree trimmer, get the net, get the dog crate. We've got this. I'm shocked you have all these supplies. Like this is a very specific kit. Why did your mom keep your, keep a raccoon catching kit in the garage?


That's her mistake. Really? Well it Was a fishing net And. it turns out eventually the raccoon could have squeezed through the holes in that. So we had to be quick. I had to be quick 'cause my friend had to leave for church. Apparently it was a Saturday night 'cause my friend had to leave for church at the, at the, Oh, you're not gonna leave that job undone at The apex of our, of four hours of work. He was gonna leave. And I was like, you piece of shit, I'll, I'll finish it myself. And I did. I'm gonna catch a squirrel without you and I'm gonna keep the whole squirrel. You're not gonna get your share or nothing. You said finish it. Did you, did you, you eat the Raccoon? Did you? No, we kept it for like six hours then released it. Oh, okay. All, right. I was like, you kept it. I'm like, where? And the dog crate for like six hours and the thing was not happy because that was the most miserable raccoon and my mom's tree.


Dude, it was a big tree. Dumb kids were like, the trees will regrow their limbs. We can cut 'em all off. We fucked that tree hard, man. Why Did you want this raccoon so bad? Because we were stupid teenage boys and we just wanted to prove we could do it. Having been a teenage boy, this is still a story where part of me is kinda like, I don't know man, this was Mild for my friend group. This was a mild decision. We did some questionable stuff, but I don't know about that man. This One was a mild decision that had very little consequence except for the poor fucking tree and the terrorized raccoon. Did you at least feed it? We Tried. Wasn't into it? No. It just wanted to sit in the corner and hiss and spit and be very angry at us.


That doesn't make sense. You should be grateful. We saved it from that tree by cutting down the limb. It was standing on, how High up was this limb? 10, 12 feet. We were on a ladder to cut it down and then whenever the tree limb fell and I was like, oh shit, it can run now. And I went running after it with the net and I, I literally dove on the ground with the net to catch it. The Story never, never isn't funny. I just can't, I don't remember the story at all. When did you say This? It's very Beverly fucking hillbilly stupid shit. He Definitely told this before 'cause I remember it. But yeah, That was the no sleep. Then my mom comes out at like, I don't know, nine in the morning and like steps out and like, she had like a little, we had like a little fake balcony, front porch thing.


It was like you'd go out and stand there, but there was no room to actually do anything. So you, it was just kind of cosmetic. I remember her stepping out there with like a cup of coffee and a cigarette and she's like, the fuck are you doing? And we're like, catch a raccoon mom. And she was like, she mumbled something under her breath, probably like, it's too early for this shit. Or like, what the, you know, who knows? But didn't see her again until we caught it. Then she's, she still just looked at the tree. Did the raccoon go immediately into the tree? So for four straight hours, you guys were just slowly dismantling this tree while the raccoon watched you. Yes. Man, that is some, that's some fucked up torture right there. Yeah. I mean, yeah, from the raccoon's perspective, this is the most terrifying several hours of its existence. That is, that is horrifying. And meanwhile we're like, oh, we're gonna get you a little shit.


I have one. It's not a very interesting story. Did you guys ever do like Christmas, All, Nighters? There was a point in life and I had, I had a friend who lived across the street. We were, we were really into like scheming around Christmas for no real reason 'cause we didn't really do anything. But one year I think I had gotten some of those walkie talkies, like those short range walkie talkies from, from our bedrooms across the street from each other. We could talk to each other and we sort of like pulled an all-nighter, like staying up, talking back and forth about what, what sounds we heard going on in the house and listening to like the Santa Tracker on the radio type thing. And like, oh, Santa Tracker. I was like, sanity tracker.


Wow. Santa Tracker. Yeah, I Need to take my sanity pills. It was just a, in retrospect, a really weird decision. But we were just like screwing around and didn't wanna sleep. 'cause we were excited about Christmas and presents and stuff. It's technically an all-nighter. I think he fell asleep at some point. He was a bitch. All of our friends were bitches man. They were, they were always ones like, All Nighters tonight boys get the soda, get the chocolate chips, get the Doritos. We're doing it. The chocolate what? Then like 2:00 AM they're like, and I'm wide awake, fucking wired. The chocolate chips. Yeah. We ate just chocolate chips for some reason. I get It. I understand. Were they semi-sweet or were they milk chocolate. Chocolate chips though They Were bitter pure cocoa.


They were like the yellow Nestle bag that you used for making cookies. Yeah, there Are lots of varieties of that. I Was 12, man, I don't remember All. right. Well if they were semi-sweet then you're all insane. And that's a terrible thing. But I'll let it pass. I'll let it pass. They were always out by like one or two in the morning and then I was like, I'll do it myself. You fucks. And then like 6:00 AM would hit and I'm like, I'm going down. I'd be out. I'm Trying to remember what my first all nighter was. I think I remember it. And I don't think I've told you guys about this one. So my dad, after my parents got divorced was dating around. And at the time thinking about it, I didn't realize what was even happening at the time. So he would go. So one, one time we were over at someone's place and we were gonna be there.


I didn't, I didn't know at the time, but we're gonna be there overnight. 'cause my dad didn't around, but he had us, couldn't afford a babysitter. So we were along with I guess that whoever this person's house was, I don't even remember some lady. And she had a computer and she had StarCraft on it. And it had like, just came out. And I, I think I'm almost positive that I just stayed up all night playing that because I remember playing it and I can hear the music like of the game of, of the, the ambient music of StarCraft going on. And I remember playing it at night and then the next thing I know there's light coming out of like the windows. And I look over, I'm like, what? What the hell? And then people come down the stairs and my dad comes downstairs and then, then I no memory of anything after that.


I think I was so tired, but I didn't even realize that I was tired. I think that's the first all-nighter I ever pulled And. it was completely incidental the First time I ever played StarCraft. Holy shit. Oh man. I didn't have a computer that could play it until around the time brood war came out. And I remember when I got to go and pick up a copy of Brood War that came with the original disc so you could install StarCraft and the holy crap. That game hit so hard back then. I had that experience with Red Alert two when Queen and Conquer Red Alert came Out. Man, that was a good one too for me. Like with StarCraft, the thing that mesmerized me about it, it wasn't just like the music and the ambiance was cool and the graphics were cool and whatnot. It was the way the Zer creep worked.


The, the, the ground for the Zer I was obsessed with. I couldn't understand the like anything. I was like looking at it all the time. I'm like, ah, it's so weird what you have to build on that. It's so strange. And I I was like fascinated by it. Good times. Anyway. Anymore All Nighters. No, but you right where my, my dad was dating and I didn't stay up all night playing video games, but the girl he was dating had like two sons that were like, I don't know, five or six years older than me. Maybe even older, maybe like 10 years older than me. And I had a pet mouse at the time and they took me to a store and they bought me two new like mouse cages that you could connect and build like a big mouse mansion. That's nice. I remember thinking like, I was so fucking cool 'cause I had like the three mouse cages.


I mean that is fun Till you have to clean 'em. Turns out that sucks. That's how pets Are. That's a lot of, that's a lot of poop in the little tunnels you gotta clean out. But still, That was very nice of them. Yeah, It was. I I have no idea why they did it unless they were like, let's appease this little shit. So he'll leave us alone. I thought you were gonna say that they, they killed your mom Or something. Yeah, I thought that was gonna be a way worse story. They had no reason like, you know, their mom's dating some guy who's bringing his like fucking kids and it's like they were just really cool. They play like I bought my PlayStation up one time and they like played video games with me. They bought me those K like they were really nice. Oh, that's so nice. That's so sweet. I'll give you some nice older, not bros, but you know, potent Could have been. Yeah, my dad had just stuck around instead of dying that instead I'm a bitch.


He took my brothers away. Discovering games at other people's houses is such a, it's like such a strong childhood memory for me. They're one time specifically I was at, it was family actually. It was like my cousin's house. They had a PS two and I think they had the original Max Payne PS two game. Mm. And I'd never played it. And I just remember like we showed up And. it was one of those things where it was like a family party, lots of family together and we're usually, you know, I go make, I'm supposed to make the rounds and say hi to everyone. I remember that time we showed up, I hung out a little bit and then at one point my cousin was like, Hey, check this out. And turned on the Max Payne on the BS two. And all I remember is sitting in the front room of that house, playing that game forever until like six hours later my parents walked in and were like, there you are, it's time to go.


And I was like, wait, I'm not done. Wait a second. What day is it? And then yeah, like that, that experience of like, just like, 'cause I never owned PlayStations. We were a Nintendo house. So every time I went somewhere and someone had like a, a second Genesis or PS one or PS two or something, like there was just a whole universe opened up. Or if someone had a pc, God damn my neighbor across the street had like a PC that had, could play games and could handle some stuff. God, the joy of just someone turning something on and you're like, I didn't even know this was Possible. That's how the Pokemon Blue was. There was a kid on the bus who, he lived one street over from me, but he was playing Pokemon Blue. And I remember sitting by him on the bus and I was watching him play it and I'd played like Sega Genesis.


I played like Lion King some PGA tour game, Sonic basically all games that you would play and you'd either lose or have to leave. So he'd turn it off and start over next time. But he saved his progress and like I could watch his progress every day on the bus. I was like, I remember watching him grime. I was like, dude, this game is so complex. There's so much to do. You can save it and just come back to it tomorrow. And I like every day I was just so intrigued. I was like, dude, I hope he beats the gym today. I was just so, it was like my, one of my first let's play experiences of like multi episodes. Like every day I was like, oh I'm feeling sick but I'm not gonna stay home from school. I, I would all miss the gym. I would get on the bus and watch him beat the gym leader today. I was just so fucking excited to watch him play Pokemon Blue on the game. Boy. Oh God, that was the best.


I watched in my buddy's basement the entire franchise. I watched him play Time Splitters on the Game Cube. God those were some times man just laying there. Just those, some of those were probably All Nighters. Some of those were probably like Sun came up next morning. Eventually we got kicked out 'cause they had to go to church or whatever. And I walked home and fell asleep. But man, the excitement of watching someone else play a game and slowly and like the progression. So good. Final fantasy 10. I watched my friend play Final Fantasy 10. It was like all summer. 'cause it's such a long grindy game. That's a good one for That. There's a whole nother line of memory anyway. Yeah. Mark All Nighters, they're great. Some, especially the ones that are involuntary planned ones not so much.


Involuntary ones are just magical. Yeah. The only one that was like naturally happened was that Diablo raccoon night for me. The other ones were all great ideas that were not. It went so well. I can see why All, right? I'm calling it here. Let's see, what do we got Wade? You have pirate construction site. I still don't know what you're imagining there. The Beam held by a crane like Ricking in the wind. Oh. Oh I know what you mean. You're talking about the eye beam that's strung by a rope. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And when it swings towards the camera, it makes a specific Like it's like the metal and rope sound Creaking. I can't creak.


My bones do, but my mouth won't. My mouth don't creak. All. right. So you got the pirate. Circus. Say Segway point craven kill me. Very anxiety dogs. You got your butterfly net. Doesn't has Destiny has called. What was that for? Oh the, the raccoon. Whenever we looked out and saw it. Right. Nice older bros. And then Pokemon points, watch plays. Like that's all one. Bob, you got roller blade. Oh the chair, right? Oh Yeah, that's right. Got I got some time for video games. You sure do. You got two points because late night tuba just really funny.


And then push the buttons, blow the thing. Like I want that on a shirt. That's That's A great slogan. Night driving anxiety rocks for falling rocks. And then Max pain, max pain reference. You got that. Which if I, if I did my math right, you 1, 2, 3, 4, 1 8. We have a tie. No, A very, an actual tie that I, I wasn't paying attention to the points when I was doing it. There was a lot of good stuff today. Which means that we have the wheel. What percentage is the, the bad part at? I think it's at eight. Isn't the bad part for Mark. Yeah, it's for me. I mean it's kind of for all of us, but it's aimed at Mark 'cause he is the host this time. Yes. I Got a good feeling Bob. This is the time the wheel will favor you.


Oh No, I think I have a strong advantage on this roll Boom wheel. Oh boy. Bob Wade punishment. That punishment wedge is bigger than I would've hoped for it to look. This isn't, this is just makes it look weird. 'cause the camera, are you holding a yes, my light trying to make it look all dramatic and scary. But the camera auto exposes and just, just looks weird. Camera stop. Don't make me look weird. Come on camera please. Here we go. 3, 2, 1 Oh oh no. Oh Ho Man. Doesn't get much closer than night.


Be glad it's not 10%. That's what Happened like the first time we spun it. Oh God. All, Right? Congrat Bob. She's voice Wheels out here just fucking with you Mark. Right, All. right. So Bob, congratulations. You have won. Please give your winter speech. I did it. This was a fun one. It was probably, it's probably just like nostalgia goggles or I don't know what you call it, but getting to talk about the video games, watching your friends play video games in childhood. I love that memory of doing men. And I was never the kid who played them. I was always a watcher. I loved watching. I would talk about that forever. This was a great episode, mark.


Oh dare ya. Best topic we've had in a while. I loved it. I won because I loved it and I loved it because I won. Can't, can't beat that logic. Wade. You had equivalent points so this is barely losing all up to the wheel. Yeah. I also really enjoyed this episode. I don't know what we're doing But it's, sorry, look, I have a hood on my lens. And it. It was dusty and I couldn't stop. I couldn't leave it. It's Dusty. Here's Like Mark. Great idea. Good to go. Listen, There's, there's a special treat if you go watch the video, go to the end. Well I too thought it was a great episode. I had fun talking about sleep and all the different things and whatever have you. So great memories, video games stuff.


Thank you Mark. Bob, well win. Well wind. Good episode All. right. Well thank you very much everyone for participating everyone at home. If you've had All Nighters, hope they were productive. They very rarely are, but when they are, it's magical. So thank you for listening and or watching. We have Mech Distractible store. Yes. Yeah. Distractible store.com. Accept no substitutes fall. All of us have a very social animals and Mark Bly of my cream. And Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7 or meaning seven? Seven. Seven has been Distractible follow or we'll get you, Did you say social animals? Yes. Podcast out.