
This episode is brought to you by HBO's biggest series, the Last of Us Returning with a new season on Max, Starring Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey. Alright, man, I'm just excited. Okay. I really enjoyed the first season. The first season, had some of the best episodes of any show I've ever seen on television based on the groundbreaking video game, the Emmy winning HBO series, the Last of Us Premier Sunday, April 13th on Max. And listen to the Official, the Last of Us podcast. Wherever you get your podcast, If a podcast, everyone has a podcast, even us.


This episode is brought to you by bloomberg.com. It's important to get the full story. You know, I once thought that pigs couldn't eat while they were hanging upside down. Eventually, I found a study where they figured out that pigs can eat while they're hanging upside down. I was just wrong. It's important to get the full story. It's important to know what you're talking about. Bloomberg.com does an excellent job in helping you get all the details. They connect the dots in a unique way, giving people a deeper, richer level of understanding when it comes to current events. Context changes everything. Learn more@bloomberg.com.


This episode is brought to you by Power Wash Simulator. New stuff coming to Power Wash Simulator. Mark plays it a lot, almost For a living now. What New characters Wade Wallace And Grommet. Oh, they had a whole new pack. I remember watching those movies. Where do you fall on the Matic Wind Pro or, or against? Oh, I've always been more of a sower. I think that's acceptable. The Wallace and Grommet special Pack for Power Wash Simul is available now on steam windows. Xbox One. Xbox XRS, Nintendo Switch. PlayStation four, and PlayStation five Ty for everyone.


Good evening, gentle listeners and watchers, and welcome to Distractible. This episode Mania Mark, the balmy baker demands brain work from the boys for finding foreigner fanfares brunching. Bob builds an illicit empire, emulates bird base noses Gia Immer and Tyler's termination. Wombling Wade, marvels at the man without fear endures shit. Storms slaps hard and screams from effusive, eyeballing to outraged. Or t Yes, it's time for Animal Noises Too. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hi, welcome back to Distractible. I'm so glad you're here. It's so good to see you. I hope you're ready for a lot of eye contact and a lot of ear contact from your favorite host, mark Applier. That's M-A-R-K-I-P-L-I-E-R. You okay, man? People Been misspelling your name or something recently? I am. Great. Oh, that sounds believable. What Are you looking at as you say that You, I'm looking right at you. Why are We down there? I don't know. Why are you down there? Hang on, let me move. Let me move you. It's a little unsettling when you're like, I am fine. Can't you tell by the way I look at you?


I am fine. I'm so good. You sound fine guys. I want you to write the sanity of the, of the snack that I'm eating for lunch. It's a, it's a tortilla zero that I'm tearing into chunks and then scooping little bits of cream cheese with, and then rolling up into little cream cheese rolls. Give you cannoli point. You Want some. You're also gonna get the, oh man, you're also on the wheel for the eating the most already. Yeah, baby. Yeah. Okay. All right. Tough challenge. Tough challenge. So This is Distractible. You found the right place. You've chosen us versus any other podcast out there. Maybe you were scrolling Spotify and you were just like, Hey, I've never seen this one before.


Why don't I give it a try? And here you are. And boy, how do you don't know what you're in for? This is a game show where I judge the performance of my friends, Bob and Wade here. Hi. I'm one of those two people, And the only reason I'm here to judge them, because the last episode I won by a clear, sweeping, almost tiebreaker victory. And so now I get to subject these two to my whims. And my first whims is to tell you something that I should have talked about in the last episode of Small Talk, because it's something that I did. But Bob, you reminded me of something that I did that has nothing to do with the episode, and this only has something that I'm proud of. I made bread, Oh, successfully, Homemade bread's really good.


I had, we were out of bread and I really wanted to make Nutella on toast, just toasting bread and putting Nutella on it. So of course, instead of going to the store and buying bread, I was like, making bread. Can't be that hard. And it turns out, usually when you say that cosmically, it means it will be the most arduous thing you've ever done in your life. But in reality, because we had bread, flour, and yeast already, so long as you have those things, you can pretty much make bread. You could even do it with like a, I never remember if it's baking powder or baking soda. You want soda? I think Baking powder, baking soda in your nose. Oh, wait, hold on. I'm trying. Remember the scary movie cocaine quote?


I don't remember it. All right. Good joke. That was almost a point there, Wade. But yeah, could've gotten it. But yeah, no, I made bread. So you made like a, a sandwich loaf. Did you put like a little honey in it or something? What did you what direction? No, it Was, it was a sweeter bread. I found a recipe. You know, there's recipes online where you click there and then you have to scroll through a million pages to get to the, the, the actual recipe. Did You put the butt crack in the middle? I did not. No, I didn't. Why does Brit Have a butt Crack? Well, I, I could have, but you know, I accidentally made too much. See, I split the recipe in two for every ingredient except the, the liquid that's in there. So every dry ingredient was perfectly halved.


And I was like, perfect. And I, it was either water or milk. And I chose milk because I have this like higher protein milk. And I was, God, I have a little extra protein in it. And I boiled two cups. But then I decided to have everything else. So I was like, perfect. Everything was halved. I did the math right. I double checked it, dumped the whole two cups in there. Guess I'm making more bread. So I rehabbed All the other ingredients. And then I made a ton of bread and I proved it in, in the oven at like 85 degrees. It's like 80 to 85 to 90. You can prove it in there. And I, I should have let it go tiny bit longer. It was almost perfect, but it needed to prove just a bit more. But I made it And it was great. It tasted delicious. It was really good.


I couldn't believe It. I made bread. How long did it take to make it? It took probably the mixing took about, you know, 20, 25 minutes to get all the ingredients measured out and make a mistake and then fix it. Proving it took about maybe like an hour. I probably should have let it go for a little longer than that. Like hour 15, that's in a heated drawer. Bake it for 30 minutes. And it was done. Did you bo it in a, in a pan? In a loaf pan? Or just like on a big sheet? I've had a loaf pan for meatloaf for a while, but it's small. So I made the rest in like, this casserole dish both turned out fine. Each of them were perfect. It, it just, I took out one sooner than the other And it was great. I never made bread And it worked perfectly.


I'm flabbergasted. You can just make bread. I have also done that. And it's always surprising when you do it and then it turns out and it's bread and you're like, oh, I have also fucked up some bread's really good. So it is possible to fuck 'em up real good. But Focaccia or is that what the, the flatbread with like dimples in Oh, that's where the ones, I've had a lot of success. One. Those are really good. I've never tried to make it, but Amy's tried to make it. And her success rate is a little iffy. I mean Okay. Not a little iffy. That's putting into question, but she's had a few failures or just does not do anything. I thought you were Saying a little iffy. That's a little bit too generous. She's never succeeded once in her life. I don't wanna call out Amy, but she cannot make a bread to save her.


Okay. No, but there is something to say. Amy cannot cook grilled cheese. What? Huh? She's a great cook. Great. Like rest knows a ton of recipes. Can make a ton of things, for some reason. Cannot make grilled cheese Like the outside burns. Before the cheese is cheese or something. Or, yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Oh, well that's helpful. I don know what it is. It's gotta turn that temperature down a little Bit. Welcome to the show where we criticize Amy's cooking. Everyone if you had here before. Yeah. I'm gonna really pile on. Get ready. Amy. I know you watch these. No. Did you guys know I ran a grilled cheese empire in college? I feel like I should know that. It was after we lived together. It was a, it was a symphonia thing. Were You still in a dorm? No, I lived off campus.


I, it was, it was Okay. 'cause you with an oven just in your dorm making or, and I guess a stove is what I mean, to make grilled cheese for everyone is kind of nuts sounding. Mark Did that, not that, but Mark made food in the dorm a couple times. I remember that. I made food like two times the Microwave, or I was only allowed to have like a microwave in. No, There was a little kitchenette. There was a little kitchenette in the dorm And no one used it. My, I was a symon finally off of Symphony. It's a music fraternity. And I was in, we sold grilled cheese every Wednesday at lunch in the, in CCM in the big, I don't know, entry, whatever the fuck it's called. Atrium. And I was in charge of that for like two years. And I took it from a thing where it was like the night before, one of the dudes would go to Kroger and get some bread and some country crock and some cheese.


And they would sell it to where I had like a journal of like, I kept accounting and I kept, and we did specials where I got special bread and special cheese. And you could get a, a dollar for a plain grilled cheese. Or like a few bucks for like a fancy grilled cheese. We added tomato soup at some point. That was a big seller. You could add on a little cup of tomato soup for 50 cents with your grilled sheet. It was a whole thing. I turned that bitch into a profitable enterprise. I was going, I was buying eight 10 loaves of bread. The whole like gallon of country crock piles of cheese, all this stuff. It was a whole thing. It was a, a veritable fixture of CCM.


I hope that down there, the traditions continue and it's like a Michelin star grilled cheese restaurant now. Yeah. Well they really tried to kill it off that my, when I took it over, we used to do it in like, the entry, the atrium entryway of CCM, which was like this big open space was really cool. There just a counter there. And we just plugged in an electric crile and they were like, oh, you can't do that. Like, after the first year, the some, some new administrator in CM was like, you can't do that. You can't do. And so we found like another space that was like way the hell in the back hall somewhere in the secret speakeasy where we served illegal grilled cheeses, I think to serve food. There's no permits or anything required. You're just allowed to sell food. Is that True? It wasn't like a for-profit business.


Didn't you start this off by saying you made a profitable business? I made It profitable, but it was for, it was for, it was for Symphonia, which is maybe, I think was maybe a nonprofit, if I remember. I'm not a hundred percent sure about that. I heard profitable empire is what I heard. And an empire is not a business. I made a profitable endeavor, but the profits were not shared. Hey, I'm with you. But I think telling you to do it is probably illegal advice. 'cause I imagine there are some regulations with selling food that said, I love the idea and I'm on your side of doing it anyway. I mean, I'm, I'm pretty sure that there's a distinction between like setting up a restaurant and like kids are allowed to have lemonade stands on the side of the road.


I'm not saying this is exactly the same thing, but there's something in between. You're not allowed to ever sell any food and you have to be a licensed, regulated health inspected restaurant where it's like you're allowed to sell like a lemonade stand or like cookies. We weren't, we weren't like an operating restaurant. We were like, one day a week somebody's cooked some grilled cheeses and we charged a nominal fee so that we could like, cover our expenses and No, I I'm with You. We made like 40 cents a, a grilled cheese or something, something. And on the expensive ones, we made a much better margin. But that was, that was just savvy business. I just wanna know where that, when the distinction, like when do you have to They let us do it. They knew we were doing it.


They just didn't let us do it in the really, really, really good location That kind of put a damper on that thing. You know, the man really dragged us down. Yeah, I can see that. I'm sorry for that. Wade. Entertain me. Sure, sure. Okay. All right. I think that's great. Oh, what's new? What's new? Yeah, we did that thing for Daredevil, but I actually started watching it and I was very sad that all of it wasn't out because I wanted to keep binging. I was really enjoying it. Good show so far. And I, I still wanna go back and rewatch the old one. I, I read one of those articles that kinda like recaps the original, so that way it prepares you for this one. But I started watching and I'm pretty into it. Oh yeah.


It's the first time I've binged a show in like two years. I have not watched a lot of shows. I've been missing a lot of the different Marvel things and whatnot. Just, I, I just haven't made time to watch it. But I was like, you know, for this one I will. And I started watching it and it's pretty good. Well, that's good. I haven't had time to watch any show, obviously. But that's the same story I've been telling for age now for about two years. But someday I'm gonna watch so much stuff. I'm gonna do so much little Since any weather on the other hand is a bitch the days I can't go outside. Enjoy it. It's beautiful weekend. I was like, ah, I've got this whole weekend to enjoy being outside. Rainy, biggest wind we've had since like last fall. Thunderstorms, puddles, poo, everything. Terrible. PP raining from the sky.


What happened? It didn't do that up here. We only live half an hour apart. Maybe it was the dogs, but it was just the poo everywhere. And I thought it was from the clouds. The deer rabbit. I don't know. Wolf. I mean, elephant. Something pooped all over the yard. Yeah, definitely elephant. It's pretty nice outside right now. You should. I'm in This chair all day today. All right. I'll get off my old man. Rocking soapbox. Wade yells at cloud. Hey, come back tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by Walmart. I'm a busy guy. I don't have time to grocery shop. I'm always busy. But more importantly, I'm very lazy. I like to have things delivered because it's convenient meat. What else people buy? You can choose the date and the time. You, you never feel more powerful. Walmart subscriptions, Groceries and essentials delivered on repeat. Welcome to your Walmart Shipping delivery. And minimum order fees may apply. Eligible items only terms apply in the era of sequels. This is another one.


Oh, who? Weird part four?


What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do. A goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling. We have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard, up to half off, off select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive, guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase. When using code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible. Offer Is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made.


Why? This is going to be another cerebral episode. You're gonna need to use your brain. Okay? You're gonna need to use whatever form of imagination you have or are capable of. Well, okay. Calm down. And you need to use your ability at horticulture, etymology, Etymology or etymology. Eol. Can I, can I look up etymology? Am I allowed to look that up? Etymology. Anyway, you're gonna need to use some kind of scientific department. I'm going to flip a coin to decide who's gonna go first. Ed, Bob. Wade Tails said heads Bob.


That's me, baby. Bob, What's new in the area of horticulture? Oh, I'm about to tell you. Bob, open up your ears. Okay. Oh, What plant makes that noise? Tell me the plant. Is it horticulture? Gardening? Am I Crazy? All right. So I'm guessing when and why Wade makes that noise. Yes, please gimme that. That's the sound Wade makes when he's been in the pool for about an hour and a half and someone outside the pool opens the lid to the grill and says, burgers are ready.


And Wade goes, oh, That's, that's really good. All right. Okay. When It's summer season, and Molly's wearing her sundress Makes, makes family gatherings super awkward when Molly wears sundresses. So, Bob, can you tell me what animal that is? Yeah. Yeah. Almost there. This is part of the process. That is a pug. No, not a pug. Now Wade, it's your turn. And I'm gonna give you a clue that I didn't give Bob.


This is one we had in the last episode. Oh, I disqualified that one because Oh, Oh, I should have, I should have given you that chance, but we May not get it. No, no, no, no. Fair is fair. I will not un this. I Know this one. I don't know this one, but it sounds like a pig or a boar. So I gonna go with a Boar. That's not what it was. That's Not what, what it was. These guys think I remember what happened last episode. You are crazy. I have the worst memory of all of us combined. Subtract memory. All right, Bob, do you know what this is? I think I do. That was the koala, right? Yes. All right. We did a koala last time. Are you sure? Yeah, we did. I remember. 'cause it sounded like that. And that was all, that's a koala this time.


Yeah. And here there's a bonus that, that I, I don't know if you guys will be able to hear it, but I have videos now. Oh Wow. I can tell an animal by seeing it. Well, just So it proves what it is. Like. Oh, I bet James could beat you at telling animals by seeing them. He probably could. Yeah, I bet he could. All right. That's a koala It. It is a koala. Yes. Through the listeners it says koala video. I don't like his mouth. I'm not a fan of that mouth shape. Nope. Don't like that. That's not pleasant. All Right. So Bob gets a point for the sound. I get a point for the visual, right? No. So what we're gonna do actually is before the way it worked is we did identifying the animal.


If you couldn't get it, it's, or if someone did get it, the next part was who could imitate it the most? Well, I already made the sound, so I get a point for that. Right? Well, We're gonna disqualify this one. 'cause we had it last time. And also I remember this one hurt you guys' voices a lot. So I don't think we need to do that one again. These next ones though, like last time, I have not heard these. Okay, so we listen, then we have to replicate the sound. And guess what it is? No, we listen. Guess what it is? The next part of it is who can make the sound the best God. Okay. All right, Wade, this is your new sound, so Fuck.


Oh my God. I know this one. Okay, That's getting angry. No, no, no, no. This is a baby howler monkey. After the teat is pulled from its mouth and it's not done eating yet. No, you fool. Oh, okay. Yeah, you're right. All right. Okay. That was not close. I'll give you that one. Bob. What? What is this animal? I'm pretty sure that's the opening to an a event sevenfold song. But no, that's definitely a mule. No. Oh, Oh. Would you like to see the video? This is a Tasmanian devil.


I've heard what Taz sounds like and it's not that kind Of terrifying. So no one gets the point for that. But there is a point on the table where this imitation Wade, you're back up. Oh god. I mean, not dissimilar. The snort, I think really helped you there. That was not bad. There's Like a, I don't know if it's the sound call. There is like a snorty noise they make at the beginning of that video, right? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Didn't Feel good, Bob. Oh, sure.


No, that's just, that was just extreme sleep apnea for someone in the middle of the night. It's really hard to snort and then make a scream noise right through it. 'cause it's like two opposite takes of air. Yeah, I don't think I could do that either. I'm gonna give that one to Wade. He is Tasmania devil in the Sheets. Tasmanian in the Sheets in the Tets. Gotcha. All right, Bob, this is your animal. What the, This is actually an old Morgan three wheeled. It's the original car. It's a one cylinder engine. Trying to start, no wait, I know this one.


I, okay. I'm Gilbert Godfrey. I know this one. It's like 88 BPM. Man. That's, is that macco? Is that a macco? You know, that's not a bad guess, but honestly, I can't even remember what this animal is when I look at the name. So Macco is a good, is a good guess. If I knew at all what this was supposed to be, because looking at the name, I'm just like, I know this name, have never attached it to an actual animal. So if that's a clue, Wade. Now here is it One more time.


Can I get it down low? So that would make, that would make a hard sound to use in a beat. Like Producers out there. Yeah. So I, I forget the name of this animal, but I will describe it and you will know exactly what I'm talking about. But this is not a crocodile or an alligator. It's the longer more needle nose one during sex. I'm sorry, I don't think there's a third. I don't think there's a third kind of those. I think it's alligators or crocodiles. Maybe. Maybe it falls under one of those. But it's like the really long needly nosed one. It's A, I think, yeah, that's a crocodile type. I believe it might be called a needle nose crocodile. For all I know those Are really good for taking outlets outta the wall. But You know, I'm not gonna give you an animal name. I'm just confident that I'm close enough that it'll win.


No, A garal or a gal. Maybe I know the name. Oh, Yeah, yeah. A species of crocodile known for its exceptionally long and slender snout. Okay, then it is a crocodile type. Not, not your, not your standard. Both of you did not get it and prepare to be shocked at to what the hell this is. Oh, I would not have guessed. That's what those sound like. Yeah. Me neither. Also, this video is terrifying. He's just chilling. If that was in the middle of the woods at night, just I saw eyes Listeners, imagine something terrifying making that noise that we will not describe it in any more detail.


All right. Except for the fact that it's a bird with a blue face and a red. It's a Cassie. Everybody knows what a Cassie is. If I remember Cass, they're also assholes and will kill you. Unless that's an emu. I I think a lot of the big birds are kind of a-holes Anyway. No one got the point for that. But honestly, how would anyone ever, I mean this, but there is a point possibility for imitating that. So Bob, you are up for the bonus point. All right. Yeah. Here, do I have to make the sound with my own voice or can I use tools? I'll allow a tool. Sure. All right. I have to move my mic for this, but here we go.


I don't like the facial expression, but the sound was pretty good. Was that your dick, man? What was, I'm not gonna share it unless I win and then I'll share. All Right. That was really close. I honestly, that sounded that was pretty good. It's good 'cause I broke the thing I was using to make that sound. I do, I have to compete at this point. 'cause I, I'm not gonna get closer than that. You'd Always throw, but I, I encourage you. Hey, you never know till you try. I couldn't get the suction because I started.


All right. Don't laugh. You're gonna mess me up. Or, or, or, or, Or That's better. That's what I was trying to do. But I started laughing. So I just came out or whatever the fuck it was. I heard. Or, or Stop Laughing because I'm Trying to picture a human doing that fucking bird face. It's either you, you, you fail miserably or you give the audience some ammo that they never should have had. My thing was just this 3D printed cup cozy scraping back and forth on the desk. I fucked up. I started delaminating layers off of it by jamming it in my desk too Hard. Well, it got you a point. So I think it can't be that big of a loss.


Yep. Worth it. Why don't you try the, All right. All right. Wait. Open your ears. I think I know this one. I know this one. I know this one. Every time I hear that sentence, I think of him. Oh, it's European Swallow. No, that's What your mother did to me last night. Trebek. M you Connery. I, I I think this is, yeah, I think that's a loon, But On.


All right. That is In fact a loon. Oh god damn man. Yeah. Good luck making that noise. And here's the video of the loon. Just so you all know what this is. It's a Bird. No, there are, there are a lot of loons that you hit. That's a common Ohio wildlife sound. They have little babies riding around on 'em. That's funny. That's Cute. At least I guess bird, It's like a goose disguised as the Doppler effect. Yeah. All right. Anyway, so Bob, you got the point for what it is. But Wade, you have a chance, if you can, Imma imitate this animal. Wait, Doesn't he have to imitate First? Why do I have to do it first? Because you went first to guess.


I went first last time. All right. It's not bad. That was pretty good. I think that was better than I could probably do. All right, Bob. Woo woo. Huh? Pretty good. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Oh, man. Hmm. This is a toss up. I think the addition of the hand component of it Got it. Acoustically closer. I would Have to agree.


Yeah. I want the point, but I'd have to agree. I think Bob beat me on that one. I, last time I failed so miserably. I've been secretly practicing animal animal noises quite a lot in my free time. Yeah, you got one of those hord speak and spell animal sound thing. The loon goes, Ooh. Yes I do. And you've just been, been practicing every day. I got it. Four James. The cow goes. No, James, we're getting the loon One. Next up. Bob, you're first. I think I, I think I know this one too. Oh Yes. The AR 15.


What the fuck? What the hell? It's a No no. Yeah, I know. I think I know what that is. I think, I think that's a Is that a magpie? No, unfortunately it's not. I think I still know what it is. I think I just don't know what it's called. 'cause I could see, I can see this bad boy. It's obviously the African hissing cockroach. A damn fine Guess but a damn wrong guess. I think it is actually an African animal. Okay, Bob, because I had to pull up what it was. I will give you half a point if you can describe what this thing looks like. Okay.


I'm seeing it's a bird and it's like a black bird And it has kind of a big like curvy downy beak. And when it's doing this, it's just sitting there with its mouth open. Just like, but it's making all these crazy ass noises. It's not quite, I mean, it's close, but it, when it's making the sound that's like the differentiation. I'll let Wade also chime in on this, because here is this animal and I am unsure if this is actually gonna make the sound in the video. I can't see how, but here we go. Oh. Oh, it's cracking. I see it.


Yeah, I see it. I see it. Damn. That's loud. That's So loud. Yeah. That's terrifying. I mean, It got tall bird, right? No, that's not the animal. I was thinking, I was thinking it was, it was mimicking like human sounds like it was mimicking like forestry where because there's bird, there are birds that can like mimic whatever sound they hear. Right. That's, I've actually seen a shoe bill before. They're loud as fuck. This is a bird that has seen war and is mimicking war. Oh, Hold on. I gotta play it one my phone. It is so big. Can I vote? We don't try to mimic that sound because I'll break my teeth. Well, don't do, don't do that. You don't have to do That.


My mouth hurts If you feel like you have to. I can't stop you, but I don't suggest it Pops first. All right. I don't know if this is gonna hang on. Oh, Well. Did we ever say out loud? That's a shoe bill. That's a shoe Bill. A shoe bill. I said there a shoe bill. Yep. Okay. This isn't a hundred percent what I'm hoping for, but here we go. Ready? Yeah. That's great. That's actually pretty close. Wade, do you have to use your teeth? I used my teeth. Come on. Can you play it one, play it one more time. Yeah. Yeah. I got you.


I think that was Closer. That was pretty good. It had the right resonance to it. What's on your desk? That was my armrests. And also at one point, one of them fully just went down, even though it shouldn't, without pressing the button. So I'm a little concerned. Yeah. Well they're probably designed to withstand that. Also. Al my hands hurt Better than your teeth. Wade, you are now guessing. First here is your animal. I know this one. This is a parrot that sits in the kitchen. And here's when the microwave is done.


No, no, no. One more time. One more Time. Okay. Wait. I think I know this. I might know this. Really? I, I, I'm optimistic. I have a guess. Wade has no chance. I do not. This is obviously a lemur that found a storage of helium. Honestly, I can't say that it's not that, but it's not that. In this case, I feel less confident. Now I, I'm gonna go with my guest that I thought of, that I got really excited about. Is this a prairie dog? You are so close. Ah, no, you, I I, I'm gonna throw this up to debate because I think that what this is is often confused for that to the point where I'm almost certain that they probably sound the same.


Yeah. I'm pretty sure that's similar to, at least to what, what the sound prairie dogs make. But This is a Marmite. Oh, oh, okay. I believe this is very closely related to a prairie dog. Oh, look at that little thing. Scream. Yeah. No, it's hilarious. 'cause it mar it's a, it looks like a prairie dog. If you don't know for the listeners, they open their mouth like they're screaming when they make this noise. They really do. They're, they're all I did a, I did a quick Google and I'm finding, yes, Marmite and prairie dogs are fairly related. They both belong to the skier day family, which includes squirrels, ground squirrels, however they belong to different lemurs, different gene marmota for Marmite and tsunamis for prairie dogs.


They share similarities. They're rodents. They live in burrows, but they're different sizes and different habitats. It's really close. Damn. That's close. Hey, you know, lemurs closer than I would've liked to think too. I thought I was gonna say that. And you were gonna be like, it's a bat and it's like, not even close. All right. Okay. All right. So now that you've, we've definitely heard it a million times. Who can mimic this? Okay. Yeah. Man, I got this. I'm sorry. We got a truck backing up over here. If any of you can get up to this pitch, I'd be shocked.


Alright. Can you play it again? I, I wanna, I want the pitch. I wanna match it. Can we Harmonize fucking turning into the matrix over here? No Way. I gotta be honest. I was just gonna whistle. Yeah, but that just, that's not the same quality. It honestly sounds like his normal speaking voice is a lot lower. And he was like, dad, dad, dad, dad.


Look. Look how high I can sing. Do we Both lose a point on that? Yeah. That's a toss up between the, the, the two of you. I don't think any of you got close enough for me to, not for us burly men that we are with our deep, Rich voices. All right. Great episode, man. Nope. I have so many more. Great. All right. Bob. Excuse me.


Wait, I know this one. I know this one. This is actually, it's misleading because it's edited. Mm. That is cut three minutes into a video that started with Tyler laughing. And then if you, it progresses, it progresses. And if you, dr if you drop the needle three-ish minutes in, that's actually the sound of Tyler. Almost dying from laughing. I mean, not a bad guess. Not a bad guess. Can I guess an actual animal? Yes, Sir. It's definitely a turtle trying to climb up onto a slightly too high step.


Close, but no wait. This is clearly a mountain goat that just ate a hot pepper. No, unfortunately. Dammit. All right. So the truth is a lot less interesting. Oh, it's a SCUs A SCUs monkey. How is that less interesting? Look at the way that thing flops around. Well, I'll give bonus for flopping if one of you can perform the flopping as you do this. Bob. Yeah. I don't know if I have anything that's gonna help me on this one. I'm just gonna have to do it.


Is that what it sounded like? I don't think so. That's close. That's pretty close. Yeah. Kind of. Yeah. Wayne. All right. Points for flopping. Oh God, No. Ah. What happened to you Through the beginning to the end of that Body spasms. He was trying to flop. Oh, I am flopping. I am flopping below the desk. I want you to know there is flop. I, I feel like you could have just been, Hey, Hey. Ha ha, eh. Yeah. If you have a deep voice, Hey. Hey. Ha.


I feel like there's an extra quality to it that I think we were trying to add that maybe isn't even there. Yeah. There's a little rumbling. It sounds like you're pushing the buttons on a speak and spell really aggressively. And it's like trying to talk, but it's like getting cut off. It Also feels like there's a little bit of a tap in the voice that I think I was going for gravelly. But maybe that's not Eh, eh, eh. Like a teeth chat. There's something else. There's like a teeth chat. There's like another noise behind it. There's like one, but it's tiny. I think it's honestly just that it's kind of resonant and the audio is really clippy. 'cause it's trying to cut out background noise With your burping in my, like gravel. I thought we were on the right track, but maybe, maybe we were crazy.


I gotta give it for the effort to the burps. All right. And I'll give Wade half point for flopping. 'cause it wasn't on screen, but I believe you, You should. It was much smaller than that Monkey's nose, but it's the effort was there. Oh, interesting. All right Wade. Well That's adorable. I know this one. This is the sound you make after you eat Skyline Chili and you're on your first date and you go to the movies afterward and you're really trying to conceal it. But you gotta let one out. Okay. I'll accept that it's not right, but I accept that. Okay. Also, this is the sound of a baby blue Jay.


No, unfortunately. Red J No Bob. That's definitely the sound of a baby me cat. No, it wasn't a baby anything actually. It was in fact full Grown hippo. It was a frog. Why is he a ball frog? What happened to him? I think it's angry and it's like all puffed up and trying to intimidate. He just Got out of a tennis match. He signed up to play tennis and found like he was gonna be the ball and was really upset about it.


All right. Who's gonna imitate that? Or should we just skip this one? 'cause it's so high, There's no of us. Oh no, we got this. Do I get to go first? Sorry. That was kind of an experiment. No, it was Wade. I can't do any of those things. So do the jaw. What? What are we doing? What's happening? You just Keep going. Yeah. Yeah, man. Yeah. I was puffing up and I was moving my mouth. I love it. I, All right, here we go. Hang on. I just had it. Hang on.


All right. That's not working. That really hurts. Don't like that noise. I Had. I'd like found this sweet spot for a second, but I had my mic muted. All Right. I'll give this one to Wade. That is a desert Rain Frog. For anyone who really wants a specific,


This is an ad by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. And that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session and pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Making therapy more affordable and easier to fit into your life. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better. Help connects you with licensed professionals who can help with everything from anxiety to everyday stress at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it, and now it's within reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/stooges.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment. Sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon won medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One, medical healthcare just got less painful.


Oh, how long we, oh, we only have time for a couple more. And I have many, many more. That's Terrible. That's terrible, man. Pick A number one through five Four. That is a howler monkey. That's the distinctive howl of the howler monkey. Ah, yes. Howler monkey. Known for its 120 decibel screech or hearable from three miles away. Well, it's a microphone. It's, you know, it's, humans can barely comprehend the, it's technical and decibels. Yes, true. Very true.


Bob, wait. Oh, it's a Australian mini antelope. I'm gonna look that animal up if that's not real. I'm gonna deduct a point from you. How dare you make up animals here. I hope it's a real Animal. It came up as an animal. Animal. Thank you. What? Adorable mini antelope. Wait, wait, what the fuck were you? Right? There is no native species of antelope in Australia. However, there have been instances of non-native antelopes being introduced to certain regions. Yeah. Just like the camels and other things. Yeah. Was that the right noise? It's Not the right answer. No, this one is, is much less inspiring. This is simply a lemur.


Did I literally guessed lemur like three guesses ago? Why Are lemurs less inspiring? They're so cool. He looks a little bit like, this is the lemur who became the joker in the lemur universe. I don't know why his lipstick is so bold, but it's a lot. Yeah. For those who are listening, only this, this Lee Marinas. Do you wanna know how I got these? It is truly, it's truly beautiful. All right. Who can imitate that? Oh, Bob, you're first I think. Oh, okay. And Bob, you're up. Yep. I got this. Ah, That last one was spot on pitch.


I think that was exactly right. That's Pretty high for me. I'm trying, Man, that was ah, so close. Thank you. Ah, man, that was, it was, oh man, how do I decide? Bob, congratulations. You're the loon or no, the lemur. God. All right, last one Wade. Really Thought I had that one. God, That's your first one.


And that's iconic. And of course, Okay, the first one is the sound. Whenever I'm talking to my mom on the phone and she keeps going too long. The last one is, if I had a dad, the same thing I'll give you give, I'll give you a point. If you can name any of those, That's a howler monkey. Not screaming, but shredding. Thick paper. Mom. Laughing. Kookaburra, howler monkey Dad.


God damn. You got one kookaburra. What about mom? Mom was right. Mom not in there. Bob, come on out. Come on out. Mom. No, you got it. Kuber. That's this one. That's an iconic one. Yeah, it's Bob. You have three. Just grab from, you have that one. It's a power washer. That's actually the Owen Wilson anti eater. Fucking God. It's just like the peanuts, like adults talking. W The first one is, oh, pass.


The second one is a snake. Do I have to be more specific than that? Nope. Wow. That that's the only one kind of snake. I should just said bird this whole time, man. The third one is that guy who sings that song was All I have No fucking idea is it's a big pig. No, that's not a pig. That's not what pig sound like. I got nothing. So the first one is of course, well, not the first one. I don't remember what order I showed it to you, but a kiwi. Oh Lord.


Well that's the ripping paper noise. The Other one was a Willow GaN Mom. Oh wow. Wow. Oh wow. And Then That's not a normalcy lion sound. Now do we have to imitate these? I get You could pick your favorite. Pick your favorite from many of those. All right. This is Pretty good. That's not bad. I wanna do the kookaburra. And then I realized I can't.


Very good, Bob. Well, it's unfortunate that we both selected the same one to attempt. So see how this goes. Can I hear it again? All I can hear is Wade. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Oh fucking God. Holy shit. God. Yeah. Rock register writers. Oh man. That doesn't work like I thought it would at all. You can shift to the shift to the GaN. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. And I, and I, and I don't, I don't know why, but the Armegan has big Ethan vibes.


No way. I cannot ex explain it all. No, I understand perfectly. Alright. Way to get that. Your sea line. Way to go. And that brings us to a close on the scoring round. I really Thought that was gonna work differently in my throat. I'm still thinking that my frog impression was the best one. It was. And that's why you got a point for it. I don't think I did. All right. Wait, you got points for being entertaining. Poo storm is Tasmanian devil. You are the shoe bill. I have a half a flopping point. You are the desert rain frog. You guessed kookaburra. And you are a sea lion. Woo hoo. Well done Bob. You got a point for cannoli. Illegal grilled cheese.


Wade burgers, Wade in the pool and the burgers. Right, Right. You guessed Koala. You did a Cass away grate. You guessed the loon. You are the loon. You are a probus. Penis monkey. Penis monkey. Yes. And then is lemur. So that was afterwards. So you got Probus monkey and Lemur. Both of you did Admir Robley in performing your animal, being that you got four points a piece for getting that. Bob, you guessed one more animal than Wade. Seven and a half for Wade. 6, 7, 8, 9 for Bob. All right. So we cannot tie, Oh, there is no way for it to be a tie.


Half Points are the savior Half. Half points are the new meta. We're all gonna be like, oh, someone earns half a Point. That's it. No, mark, you should add that to the wheel though. Like I, it this unlikely to affect anything ever, but just one that's like half a point because fuck you a point. Because it just goes to whichever player doesn't have half a point. Right. Right. Okay. Right. How about, oh man, I would love to add two to the wheel. Like half a point for Bob and half a point for Wade. Wait, where am I then if I the wheel. That's Great. I'm cool with that. That's fun. That's Fun. Yeah. I think Bob and I both agree we could add two. Yeah. Shit.


Alright, Put it on. This guy gets two slices of the wheel, but you know, we'll let it slide this once. I really wanna ask, I don't know if the host, I can do this, but I don't think you can't. I'm confused what would even happen if you succeeded. But I'd love to know. Yeah, Let's find out. All right. I'm declaring unfair because I should have one of those. There should be one for me. But if it gets declared, not double fair. One more for each of us. You can Another of each. God, I fucking hope some tales come up. So If Mark wins, we all get one. Or just him? No, if Mark wins, he, he also gets one so that each of us has one.


If Mark, if it's all tails, you and I get two and Mark still has zero. Okay, Here we go. Oh no. Is that tails? No. Mine's heads. Oh, Okay. Mine is, mine is the lady. And traditionally the lion, or whatever the fuck this is, has been my tails. Oh, So close. Anyway, would you like me to, to roll your D three or would you like to do that? Yeah, let me see what we got here. Roll D Three. How much? I'm losing by two right now. It's nine to seven and A half. You got one? You're down. One and a half. All right, here we go.


Three. Oh, shit. So you're saying there's a Chance, one point for the viewers, one point for the listeners, and one point for Wade. Let's do this. Oh, Hang on. For no particular reason, I'm just gonna grab this mushroom. Oh, interesting. Didn't I eat like an entire tortilla at the start of this episode? He did. Yeah. Fuck. Like I get what you're I, I get what you're going for, but didn't I pretty much capture that already? Damn it. I aint this delicious toko room for nothing. I click it a bunch, make sure One loudest If it helps my case at all.


Upstairs people texted me during the middle of that episode and said, are you okay? I'm always so loud I don't get those messages anymore, but I beat the fuck out of my chair. That is true. That's True. I don't know. This one might be a tie. We were both pretty, this Was tough. We both were pretty loud. This episode. It was kind of the point of the episode. So I, I feel like, yeah, you both had plenty of opportunities to be the loudest. I'm trying to remember if there was any moment where one would've been louder than the, do We re-sit on a tie or just mix it? Or both? Or what do we do? Like what if there is just a tie? I mean, host, host discretion. I don't know. I think if it is a tie, I just flip a coin and I'll, I'll go from there. 'cause if it's, if it's even Stevens, you guys can't figure out who was loudest and I can't either.


I think it just has to be up to chance. I genuinely don't know. I know there were moments where Bob was really loud and there were moments where I was really loud. Or Actually, let's just pass it by. If It doesn't qualify, let's just pass it by. Do three more after This. Okay. Grease spin number one doesn't seem to like when I click it a bunch. Oh. Oh Wait, that's still you. Yeah, it's tall. All right, so So you're saying there's no chance. Yeah. I'm out of the running now and we already used the coin, so I can't even fight it. Boo. Well it, I swear. What is with this wheel point for viewers? Point for viewers, boo.


It's even, it's even there's, I haven't adjusted the, the chances or anything. It's all just, each one isn't even. I don't understand. Oh, you Know what? We'll need a different wheel anyway 'cause this one only goes up to 20. Oh Shit. There's a maximum. Oh fuck. Okay, We'll, we'll change it over. 'cause I feel like the RNG and this one is a little too predictable. Third spin viewers get a 0.0 well the viewers get another point technically. Yeah. Scratch. All right. Two points for the viewers. And that closes It up. Three wheels and they all fucked me. So with Wade's seven and a half points, the all three points, all four wheel spins worked against you.


Not a single one went in your favor. So congratulations for not getting anywhere. Bob, congratulations. Your big Win. 10 points. What do you have to say for yourself? That's another one of the highest poy totals I've ever earned. For Mark. I knew I was gonna beat Wade, but I feel pretty accomplished that I, I did well in Mark's size too. That's really the main thing I'm looking for in life. And really just fills you with pride to know when you, you do something well, right, Wade? This my time. Yeah, I, I kind of was like going off of Bob hand. Fuck the animal kingdom. Thank God for choco rooms. What in the, You heard it from Wade. Fuck animals eat chocolate.


No, I know what choco rooms are. Just the way that you ate that one was I Was angry. I was angry. Eating. I'm get chalky milk from upstairs. Well, Congratulations boys. Thank you for your good efforts, Bob. All that training paid off from the last episode well done. And thank you everybody for listening at home and thank you everybody for watching at home. I feel like everyone got an equal experience. It's not all about the listeners or the watchers. We each get something, right? Right. Be sure to check out the subreddit where we got all the memes and you'll see a lot of copies of wage faced from the last episodes. I apologize for that. I am not going to be deleting any of those. I'll be reinstating any posts that other moderators delete. It will just be Wade's face. Can I just say, shout out to people that are listening to the, not listening, but they have subtitles on and they're trying to figure out which one of us was the closest based on subtitles and just movement.


That's fair. All right. Be sure to follow the podcast to be notified whenever a new one comes up. We're also on YouTube in case you were wondering, but video is on Spotify and YouTube now. Thank you. We will see you in the next episode whenever it comes podcast out.