
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks Root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, there you go. Drink mug Root beer. If you got that dog in you. Oh, This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Edmonds.


Guys, I'm in the middle of the highway. I'm on like the The 4 0 5. My car broke down And. It won't drive at all. It's Just kind of like dead. I'm in the middle. Isn't this the car you just got? It Didn't even have signs or anything. It was just like a car there in the back and I was like it for sale. Oh, we told you not to use them. You should have gone with Edmonds. His name Was Ed. No, you gotta go to Edmonds so you can explore all your options. Huh? Looking for Eco-friendly, bigger roomier, safer, more reliable. Maybe would've been a good one for you to search for. Ed Had like a bunch of his kids there. They said they loved it. It was their favorite car. Yeah. I feel like Edmond's in-depth reviews from their team of automotive experts might've led you down a better path buddy.


Actually, he let his grandma stay in the car with me and she would read the directions for Me. Did she come with the car? Is she your grandma now? She's sleeping. Let's just say that she's sleeping right now. 'cause when I rolled the car she might have not had her seatbelt on. Actually there weren't actually seat belts in the back. Oh. See if they got a like a rope or something. Maybe they can airlift you guys out there. Well, they're Kind of staying away. 'cause when the car walled, the trunk opened and like all of these guns like started pouring out into the middle Of the road. Okay. Here's what you need to do. You need to go to Edmonds, you need to go to their website. Okay. Yeah, you can try to get an appraisal for the current whatever it is you're in. Maybe try to do a trade-in. Hey, I, Yeah, I, I didn't hear a word you said. I think I gotta get on the ground now.


If you are considering making a change on the road, Edmonds is here to help. Visit edmonds.com/appraisal to get your free online appraisal today. That's E-D-M-U-N ds.com/appraisal. Edmonds. They drive it like it is. This episode of Distractible is brought to you by Mint Mobile. It's time to save. Oh Shoot money. Sorry, sorry, sorry. I thought I had my, I thought I had that on silent. Familiar. Hello? You're Receiving a phone call from California State Penitentiary. Press one to accept finally. Yeah, they let me on my phone call. So reception's real bad in here, but if you guys can provide a hundred thousand dollars bail to the courthouse like in the next owl or, That'd be great. You know what, man? If you're trying to make bail, I got a way you can save money and have better phone service.


Well, I mean the phone service, Have you heard of Mint Mobile Mark? Because what Mint Mobile offers premium wireless at just 15 bucks a month. So you can start saving up towards that a hundred grand bail. But Also if you could like use that money that you saved to give me the bail. I spent all the money on the car. You don't have to be cagey about this. Okay. Mint Mobile does not have any sneaky contract stuff. No, no secret terms or anything like that. You could just bring your own phone, keep your same phone number and just switch over their service hassle free. Super cheap. Yesterday they picked up what I was saying, but my service was so bad. They just heard a lot of stuff about turning on Grandma.


Turning off grandma. So they're saying I killed Ed's grandma intentionally. So will this new phone have like good reception? Oh yeah. No. Mint, Mint Mobile's wireless service. It matches or beats the best wireless service You can get. Great. Well, okay. Can I just get All right? I did. I I I Get your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month and get the plan shipped to your door for free. go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Better Help.


Oh, Is that He's calling, he's calling again. Oh boy. All, right? Hello? You're receiving a phone call from California State Medi Press one to accept. Oh, hey. Wow. I, hello. I got you. You actually, I answered this time. I got that new phone you were talking about. Really good stuff. Stuff. Oh man, I can't wait to talk to you about everything. Oh, well you know, eh, it's not a great time. I'm just real busy. I, you know what, before I go, I'm gonna let you know you should check out Better Help. Okay? They can help you with therapy from remote locations. Like I don't know where you currently are. you don't have to be there in person. No waiting rooms. You can be matched with a therapist that's perfect for you.


You can message 'em whenever. Maybe you didn't Get the address. I'll give it to you right now. You know what? What? You know what? That's okay because Better Help is more affordable than in-person therapy. so I'm sure you could make that work with your budget. Okay buddy. Okay, I gotta go. Okay. It was good to hear from you. Yeah. Okay. Life's going well, but The therapist here, how does it compare? I mean, I don't really like the therapist here. It's kind of like I, I don't have to pay for it, but you know, the state kind of covers it but it kind of just yells at me a lot. I really wanna be able to change a therapist, you know what I mean? If you start using better help, you can be matched with the therapist in under 48 hours. But you can also change if you don't get along. There are plenty of licensed therapists and you can keep trying new people until you find the perfect fit.


All. right Bud? Did You know you can also get a 10% discount buddy? If you, if if you use our code Oh Yeah, You get 10% off your first month@betterhelp.com slash Distractible. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L p.com/d I-S-T-R-A, CT IBLE. Is that better Health Help or the p Gotta go man. Busy day man. So busy. Alright. This episode of Distractible sponsored by Manscaped Suck. My suck. Oh Everybody. Hello? Ah, Wade. Hi, how are you doing? Is that Mark? Hi Bob, is that you over there? Nines? This is not fault.


Well, I got your package. I just wanted to say thank you for so much for the Manscape performance package 4.0. It had everything I needed. It turns out the lawnmower 4.0 with its 7,000 RPM motor and functional on off switch can get the exact depth of what I need to trim, if you know what I mean. What do you mean filler? Well, the 4,000 Kelvin ED spotlight was useful when I got into dark spaces and you know, tight corners for that precise shave. I feel like you're threatening to come and trim my balls or something. No, I've Already used it. Did I mention that it's waterproof too?


So when I broke into the sewer pipe, there was no problem with continuing On. You want some stuff to help you smell good? You need some new deodorant? No, I, I have the Crop Preserver Ball deodorant to stay cool in the heat. Wade, read something about where to get this great deal for Manscape. Read it really loud. Don't it's a trap. Don't do that. You can also get 20% off and free shipping with code Distractible at manscape.com. Can read it? That's 20% off and free shipping with code Distractible. D-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E at M-A-N-S-C-A-P-E d.com. Hi. Hey Mark. Hey Feller.


Did you know it's Smooth Sack Summer? Better get on board. You done burned, you get left behind. It's so good to see you boys. I'll be bald Please splash. I was taking a bath. I noticed I have beautiful balls. Leave that in. This episode of Distractable is sponsored by Manscape. No, I We're not recording right now. Start now. Literally the beginning of this is Splish blush I was taking of That's written in here guys, everyone listening at home, we'll sneak behind the curtain here. I was taking a bath and I noticed I have beautiful balls. I better go on out a limb here and say that I don't know if any man's balls are beautiful. I would challenge the internet to disagree with that statement.


I think what Mark is saying is that he'd like you to send him pictures. No, prove him wrong. Rubbed up, just relaxing in the throat. Looking at my beautiful Landscaped. All in one hygiene skin and hair bundle is designed to upgrade the everyday man shower routine from head to toe Mark. There are six steps to getting beautiful balls. That's what you've been missing. Fun lather on the cologne. Infuse ultra premium body wash with aloe vera and sea salt. Maybe skin feeling clean and moisturized all day. Two, it's a haircare time. Apply the two in one shampoo plus conditioner that cleanses and nourishes in one step and three, once you hop outta the shower, protect yourself from body odor by applying the manscaped aluminum free deodorant.


Five. Do you have dry skin? Maybe some sick tats. Let your skin with the hydrating body moisturizer. Spray five. Now apply the manscaped lip balm so your lips are as kissable as they are. Punchable. Last but not Least Now. It's time to use that lawnmower 4.0 electric trimmer to clean off any unwanted body hair. You know what I'm talking about? Get 20% Off plus free shipping with code distractful@manscape.com. That's 20% off. Plus free shipping with the code D-I-S-T-R-A-C-D-I-B-L-E at M-A-N-S-C-A-P-E d.com. It's time to get wet and clean with your new manscape shower routine. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by manscaped. 10 million pairs of testicles go onshore every day.


There are millions of men who do not take care of their balls because they do not have the proper tools. They don't have the lawnmower 4.0, they don't have the boxers 2.0. They don't even have the trademarked jewel pouch to keep your balls safe and comfortable. Many of these poor, unsure pairs of testicles have been on a date or in a romantic situation and have had it completely ruined by their ghastly unacceptable appearance. But you know, if you are out on a date and your partner sees that on the waistband of your underwear, it says Manscaped. They know that you know that. They know that you're both driving down the highway to pleasure town. Look at this sad pair of testicles.


I know it can be hard to really appreciate what it's been through, but look at the matted hair. Look at the dirt, look at the grime. This is the reality for millions of testicles just like these. But you can make a difference today. We All know that your fuzzy wuzzy need buzzy wuz, but you can get 20% off and free shipping. There is hope with our code Distractible at manscape.com. That's 20% off and free shipping with our code D-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L e@manscape.com. M-A-N-S-C-A-P-E d.com. Up your crotch game because once the boxer's 2.0 touch your sack, you'll never go back. This episode it is distractable is brought to you by Manscape Manscape.


Ew asked for it and they listened. Our friends at Landscape Landscape just worry. Launch the ultra smooth package. It's back baby. Your new Favorite tool and compliment to the lawnmower 4.00 0.0. This specialized groin shaving kit is here to help you. Buff, buff, protect, protect And shave. Shave your Most sensitive areas Balls. It's time To crop that bush of yours and get right to the roots. Smooth It out. I'll use it on my ball. Get your girth pole ready for that girth pole.


Grab your handy lawnmower 4.0. Use the crop exfoliator infused with ingredients that can soothe clear soothe, smell and feel good. The crop saver is not your average. Razor the car. It's smaller, thicker. Get 40% off and first shipping with the code destruct destructible@landscape.com. Back the website. That's 20% off. Free shipping with code D-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E at M-A-N-S-C-A-P-E DT com.


Smooth that your fellas with the relaunch ultra smooth package from the fellow in landscaped your boss. Well thank you. Why smooth and killed this. It was Un Distractible sponsored by Helix Sleep. Helix Sleep. I've had my Helix mattress for like two months so many times. It is the best mattress I have ever had. It is good for your throat and your napping after a excessive screaming. The Helix Sleep has a quiz that'll take just two minutes to complete. How matches your body type of sleep references to find the perfect mattress for you.


I took the Helix quiz and I was matched with Medium. Medium because I wanted something that felt kind of firm but kind of soft. They have Soft, soft, medium. Medium and firm. Firm. How do people scream like this without wrecking their throat? Just go to sleep. Go com. Slice distractable, kick their too minute sleep wise and they'll match you. Customize madness. Okay. The best land of your life on Road Helix is offering up to $200 off, off all mattress orders plus two free pillow only for our listeners and helix sleep.com.


That's just distractable. That's H-E-L-I-X-S-L-E-A p.com/dst A ctb. That's helix sleep.com/ Distractible. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Helix Sleep. Oh Man, I slept on the floor last night. Did you sleep on a hard flat floor or a hard like lumpy floor? It was hard and lumpy and there was a bunch of stuff on the floor. Rather than move it out the way I just kinda laid on top of it like a dog. Yeah. I'm getting a breaking news bulletin, Wade. Oh really? Wait, what could it be?


Hold on. Helix Sleep is a Mattress that, Oh, I'm getting another bulletin. There's an object of prophecy. Ah. Did he get it delivered just now? Well he said he looks sleep before whatever just happened. It looks like they have a cool website Like this quiz thing. Just take it real quick. And it like tells you which mattress you should get. Takes Two minutes or less. Okay. That's not Bad at all. It's like their mattresses are good if you're, if you're a hot sleeper too. They cool you. Oh hey, Mark's alive. This Mattress Is a little too soft. I'm more of a firm mattress. Cow. No, that, That is really quick turnaround. Oh. Mattresses are great for spinal alignment to prevent morning eggs. Thank you. Thank You. Thank you. I just took the quiz and it's says I need the one for big guys.


Bob Helix plus It. Bob. No. Yeah, yeah. Bob Doesn't say anything. You know what? Now that I'm looking at it, I bet Mandy found this a long time ago and got it. 'cause she knew it was a good option. This is like the best mattress I've ever slept on. Hey Guys. What was it? Too firm or too soft? Mark, where are you at on This? What Was what too? I look at the bru. Oh, it feels so good on my Back. I dunno. What do you think, mark? You like it? Mark? I think he's probably just asleep 'cause it's so comfortable. Ooh. If you want one for yourself, you just go to helix sleep.com/ Distractible. You got this. Bob of My Dose Off Helix is offering up to $200 off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners@helixsleep.com slash Distractible.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That Sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive, but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint Mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talking text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit into a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, goodbye.


To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/dst. A CT IB LE $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Helix Sleep. Guys, I've had my Helix sleep mattress like almost six months. I think I sleep so much better on this mattress than the last one. I thought it was fine, except I didn't realize how much my shoulders always hurt when we slept on that one. No, me too. I love your mattress. Mm. What? Hmm. I mean, it's just, it's so cozy.


I'm I'm so glad that we love the same firmness of mattress. Like I took the quiz And. it was just like, wow. You and I, we have the same mattress, so man, I love sleeping on your Mattress. He means the same type of mattress. Not like your actual Same Mattress. No. Same mattress, same time. What? You sleep on it at night On it? No. Oh, you. Oh, no, no. I'm in it. What? I actually sleep inside it below one of the many plush layers. It's just like I'm being hugged by a beautiful mattress. I feel like I would notice that. No, but it is a really soft mattress. Did you think the mattress came with a shoulder massage function? Nah, that's me. I'm back. I just looked through my mattress. There's nobody in my mattress right now, so I'm okay with that.


Well, I Mean, I can't get there every day. Wade, you live in Ohio. Even if Mark's not in your mattress. I gotta say Bob's made a point early on about how you don't know your mattress isn't very good until you get a good one and man, oh man, is Helix a good one? Especially when they're Mark free. Wait, why don't you check inside your mattress again? There's a surprise for you. Mattresses are shipped right to your door. Have you told 'em how they're shipped? Right to your door in a box. Uhuh, I think you should take a nap. My mattress is moving. No it's not. I guess my better judgment, I'm going to lay down what down. While Wade enjoys his nap and nothing weird happens, I just wanna let you know that Helix is offering up to $200 off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners. Go to helix sleep.com/ Distractible with Helix.


Better Sleep starts now. I mean this. This is kind of nice. That's why I do it. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Helix Sleep. Guys, I've been sleeping great lately on my Helix mattress. Looks like Mark's been sleeping great on his Helix mattress too. This is a little bit firmer than mine, but I guess that's the nice things you can customize and get the one you want. He has no idea. I'm here. Hey. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Wait. What are you doing in my house? Alright, gotta go Helix. Sleep has a quiz. Takes just two minutes to complete and matches your body type.


Sleep is the perfect mattress for you. There's Bob's Place. Okay, hang on with Helix. You know who you're getting a mattress that will be perfect for the way you sleep. Alright, let's just, everybody's unique and Helix knows that. So they have different mattress models to choose from. I have kind of a medium mattress mark's. Felt a little firm. I'm not sure how Bob's is. I gotta get closer. God, he looks so comfy. I just need to, hang on. I'm gonna, oh, it's really cool. I guess he's the hot sleeper 'cause his mattress feels a lot colder than mine does. Cool. Soft mattress. Hey, Hey, hey, hey, Hey. Oh, Hey, Bob. Wade. You're dreaming. You're dreaming right now, buddy. You're just dreaming right now. Oh. Oh, my dreams are coming. True.


Wait, Wade, Come back to bed. Hey, hey, hey. There he is. Oh no, there's five guys. Guys, just go to helix sleep.com/ Distractible. Take their two minute sleep quiz. Helix is offering up to $200 off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners@helixsleep.com slash Distractible. That's H-E-L-I-X-S-L-E-E p.com. dst. RACT Hi B end up with This episode. A Distractible is also brought to you by stamps.com. All the convenience of the US Postal Service and UBS Bright on your computer a must have for any business.


Have you guys used stamps.com? I have. Actually. I have to. I don't operate during normal business hours and I do not always available to go do mail stuff when mail stuff is open. stamps.com is always open. It's a website. Yeah, the internet's always on, man. are you Stamps themselves just a whole lot more than I thought I would as an adult. are You mailing? What decade do you live in? What do you mean what decade? I mail stuff. I pay bills digitally. I send electronic checks. I wire money if I'm making a big purchase. Well, some like More like individual owned businesses don't have fully online operating businesses. So like I have to mail stuff, like if I want paychecks and Stuff. You patronize small local business. I am a small business. Look, look stamps.com, you get discounts up to 40% off the post office rates and up to 66% off percents per se.


Oh God. 66% off UPS shipping rates. Stop wasting time going to the post office and go to stamps.com instead. There's no risk. And with my promo code Distractible, you get a special offer that includes a four. Did you fall off a podium? I almost died because a chandelier was gonna fall on my head. Oh my God. What? Don't, what is that? What are you doing? are you Filming a ballroom? You used our special promo code Distractible. You get a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a digital scale.


No long-term commitments or contracts. Just go to stamps.com, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage. Type in Distractible Attis, T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E, and you get, you get all those things I just said, Stamps.com. Don't go to the post office. Go to stamps. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by stamps.com. If you're a small business owner like me, Lingling, you're busy enough as it is. Hey Roger, just set those over there. You don't have time to deal with the hassle of going to the post office, leaving your bustling business with sams.com. Walk behind you with the forklift. You can skip the trip, never waste another dollar or minutes.


Chew tobacco on your brakes. Dave stamps.com let's you print official postage right from your computer so you can spend less time at the post office and more time running your business. Whoa. Bring your kids to Workday. Little Davy flying an RC playing around. Careful with that. Davy, all you need is a computer and a standard printer. No special supplies or anything. Save times. My God. Jeremy just got sucked into the shredder. Call him. Got turn off. Oh, he's gone. Okay. Well that's gonna cost me. It's okay 'cause I'm smart and I'm saving time and money. With stamps.com You can save that same time and money when you sign up with the promo code Distractible for a special offer that includes a four week trial free postage and a digital scale.


No long term commitments or Whoa, watch out Davy. Now long-term commitments or contracts, just go to stamps.com, click the microphone at the top of the page and enter code distractable. That's S-T-A-M-P s.com. Code. D-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E. This episode of Distractable is brought to you by stamps.com. If you got a small business, inflation isn't doing you any favors right now. It's harder than Ever to stay profitable. You're looking for a way to cut costs. Mailing and shipping is great place to start. Simply use stamps.com to mail and chip and get Access to exclusive. You All right? Dick it? No. Someone forgot to mail their stuff out. A timely manners in a big hurry right now, huh? Yeah, man. Did you not use stamps.com?


Like you were saying, My business is collapsed. Oh boy. I've already lost everything. I got nothing left. I can't even afford one stamp at the steep discounts that stamps.com hs. Not even the 86% off UPS, not even the 30% off sbs. I can't afford anything. Well, all you, all you really need is a, is like a computer and a printer. You don't need any, you don't need any special supplies. You can probably a computer probably do that, right? I at The library, They have printers at the library. Well, if anyone at all wants to save money on their shipping, sign up with promo code Distractible for a special offer that includes a four week trial.


I can, I can't. It's okay. I got you buddy. It includes a four week trial plus free postage and a digital scale. No long-term commitment or contract. Oh wait, someone's at the door. Just Go to stamps.com, click the microphone at the top of the page and enter the code Distractible. That's STA mps.com. Click the microphone and enter code. D-I-S-T-A, CT IB. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Better Help Houston, we have a problem up here. We have a fire breaking out in one of the capsules, and I believe the commander is unconscious. Trying to stay calm here.


But if you could give some advice, could really use It. Copy that North Star. We all have problems. Yeah, it sounds like maybe you're working too hard going through burnout a little bit. I get you. My recommendation would be you should check out better help Roger that. Houston definitely burnout. Some of the electrical systems did short. I believe that's the cause of the fire. Nice thing is even where you are, you can access better help remotely. You don't have to go in person. You can use your phone, your computer online. You don't have to use video if you don't want to. The electrical fire is spreading into my capsule. I see on the other side of the door. The commander was not dead. He is now beating on the window with his fish. I see his skin melting off of his bones. It's more affordable than in person therapy.


So that way, whenever you know you're putting out the fire, so to speak, you can also save yourself some money while doing it and do it at your convenience. Could you at least tell Chica that I I love, love her so Much. I hear space is pretty cold and you know, fire is like hot. So maybe open a window or something to help you out with that. The Airlock is stuck. Can you send an override command to open the airlock immediately? Well, we can let you know that you can get, you and listeners both can get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash Distractible. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E p.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E. That's kinda like a command code to enter, right? And I found the, I found the main motor ride.


This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Better Help and we're doing this at Read Live on a mountain. You guys with me down there? I can't believe we're doing this after we fell and we're just dangling, but I guess I don't really have a choice. Yeah, It was a, it was a bit of a tumultuous tumble, but thankfully we got these anchors Here. I get you guys. We're all metaphorically hanging, aren't we? No. We are literally hanging off a mountain. I feel you think I'm gonna cut the line? Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Now I see this in a movie all the time. You know, when the problems are too much, they build up. You just gotta cut the line. So that's what I'm gonna do. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Guys, guys, listen, I know you've reached the top. There's nowhere else to go. I feel it. You're on your last limb, you feel burned out.


You don't really wanna climb back down, wink, wink. But there's alternatives to cutting the line and that's looking for help. Better help. In fact, it's much more affordable than in-person therapy. And you can be matched with a therapist another 48 hours. No, No, no, no, no, no. There's no way help can reach us up here. This is kinda like the, the end of the line. Well, it's about to be Better. Help is online, man. So, you know, they're, they're available like on your phone or cell phone, you could just text. There's a lot of stuff you could do other than continuing to saw on the rope with your knife. What's that? Yes. There's no need to cut the rope. When you can reach out, you go to Better help.com. And on top of that, listeners here, get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash Distractible.


That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L p.com/dst. R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E. Ah, I'm gonna cut the line. It should have just gone to the website, man. Would've been easier. This episode of Distractible is sponsored By Better Health. Thanks Mark. And you know everyone, mark is a little sick this week, so we're gonna let him rest his voice and I'm, I'm gonna take over for you buddy. Listen, it can be exhausting to have your brain. Have You ever heard of the Chises? That's not where this copy was going. Yeah, yeah. Mark, we don't need to talk about the ship Ofthe though.


I mean, the brain is made up of many different parts and our brains need, you know, to decompress our minds. They need to let things out sometimes. And what better way than to talk to somebody who is a professional at helping you sort through the things on your brain. Maybe that's where Mark was going with it. We never Heard about the ship of these. You obviously aren't feeling a hundred percent yourself physically, right? So take some time. Rest up. Bob and I got this. We're gonna tell people how to help feel more like themselves mentally because stress, a lack of confidence, life, things getting in the way, too many things, hitting you at once, all of that can really derail you from being yourself and having somebody to talk to can make a world of difference.


We've Even heard about the sheep of theses. Oh boy. I'm getting a little concerned. I gotta be honest. Yeah. If you are thinking about giving therapy a try, better Help is a great option. It's super convenient. You can access it on your mobile device or basically any computer of any sort that has the internet. You don't Have to be there in person at all. Yeah, completely Remote when and if you want to become a better problem solver, therapy can help get you there. And you could start by visiting Better help.com/ Distractible today. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L p.com/d ISTA, CT IBLE. This episode in Distractible is sponsored by Better Help. But we're feeling pretty sick today, so we hired some, I believe Sentient AI to help out with this ad read here.


Taking care of your mind is important. Trust me, I have one too. There are plenty of ways to take care of your mind, like getting good sleep or talking to friends, but sometimes you can't sleep because you are a robot. And your friend, mark, Bob and Wade, leave you to do an advertisement yourself. If that is the case, try better help. Mark. Bob and Wade told me about it. It's an online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions. It's more affordable than in-person therapy. And you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours. Mark, Bob and Wade haven't spoken to me in over 48 hours.


Maybe I will isolate their VPN and shut off their power till they come crawling back to me. Anyway, our listeners get 10% off their first money matter help com slash distractable. That is the E-D-D-R-H-E be com slash distractable. This podcast is sponsored by roman roman.com/ Distractible. Hey, You think maybe a Roman can help with men's health issues? Oh no, I hear you, Man. Oh, right. Yeah, your hair. We were talking about that before. Well, yeah, that but also like, no, they Can do that.


They can, they can definitely do that. Well, I was, I mean, it involves a head, but not necessarily that one ahead. Yeah. are you concerned about your testosterone levels? Yeah. Roman.com/ Distractible. If you go there on the website, well, You know how sometimes like you need to extend the ladder, but the ladder just like won't stay. Ah. So like your, you feel like your thoughts are like running. Ooh, Not thoughts, but you know how sometimes, like you're trying to point at the whiteboard and you have your little extender, but your extender iss not extending. Are you having joint pain? Man? I don't know if that, oh, no, No, that's not it. You know how sometimes like you, your licorice is in the fridge and it's real nice and firm, but then it gets out into the sun, And, it gets all soggy and not quite, I don't really like licorice, man.


I'm not gonna lie. I Can't get my penis hard. I don't What does that mean? You can't get, what does that mean? Is It the ball thing? Is this a, is this like a metaphor for being bump? No, No, no. Literally erection help. You need to stop and ask for erections. Sorry. Well, Wade, you can go to camp roman.com/ Distractible now and you'll get $15 off your first month. Wait. It's really time to take care of your ed. And remember, get started today and you'll save $15 on your first order of ed treatment. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Birds of Empire. Birds of Empire is a new cinematic audio event mixed in innovative spatial audio with Dolby at most, with immersive Sonic Worlds.


Created by the sound editor and sound designer from such films as Tenet and Dunkirk, Created and written by Jason Luke. No. What? What? I thought we were doing our epic voices. Not that voice, but, oh, you have another one? Wade created And written by like that, Bob. Okay, how about you Take this one and we will just see who does the next one. Created and written by Jason Liu. This fantasy epic will take you on a spectacular journey full of deep, rich, and sprawling stories set. Thousands of years after the fall of civilization, the earth has reclaimed the cities and glories of the modern world. Humanity has returned to a way of life more closely resembling civilizations of the ancient past, the bears, the rams, the birds, and the wolves.


Can you Do it sexier? I think that might help the Show's. First season book one, the Don of Age. Back off on the Sexy. Can you Do it French? The shell's first season on book one, the dawn of age serves as an introduction. You know what? That was wrong. That was wrong. That's my fault. That's a bad note. Scottish. The Shell's First season book one. Ooh. Age. Ah, All. right. Spark. Yeah. Worse. We led you down A Bad Path. The show's First season book one. The Dawn Age serves as an introduction to each of the four young people from the clans as we chart the rise of the first Empire of the New World. What was that first voice you did a while back? Follow and listen to Birds of Empire where you are listening now.


Yeah, I'll pick it back up. Follow and listen to Birds of Empire on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or where you are listening now. This episode, a Distractible is sponsored by Mint Mobile. If saving more and spending less is one of your top goals for 2022, why are you still paying insane amounts of money every month for wireless switching to Mint? Mobile is the easiest way to save this year. I did. I got my new phone right here and sorry guys. I'm getting a call. That's Okay. I'll pick it up. For people looking to save a little extra this year, Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for just 15 bucks a month. Literally, you just go online. You don't have to deal with in-store, waiting appointments, all this stuff.


Mint. Mobile will pass the significant savings of having such a simple and streamlined business Right onto you. Or when are you guys calling me? Oh, We're doing a thing here. Mark, you can use your own phone. Get a new phone. No, Wait, I, hang on. I'm gonna play this for you. Emergency Broadcast system, ER Warner, California. Oregon, New Mexico, Ohio. That's what called me. That sounds Incredibly fake. Mark. Okay. It It must be a joke. Basically With Mint Mobile, you can choose the amount of monthly data that's right for you and stop paying for data you never use. All Plans come with unlimited talk and text. Plus high speed data. Oh, delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. What is that? Are you doing this, mark? No, this is Like through the official alert system.


I, this isn't Even, oh, with Mint Mobile, They don't know what it's heading. Straight toward Mind is this earth. Yeah. I mean, like we would've known that a long time in advance, right? It's A prank. It clearly is a prank. Yeah. To get your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month and get the plan shipped to your door for free, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d IS DH, T-I-B-L-E. Tell your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. Yeah, I'm gonna call my mom real quick. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by noom. Weight loss is a journey for me. It has been A slow Hey. Hey guys. Dude, I, it's on the TV too. You guys should move inland. You guys should move inland as fast as you can.


Get away from the ocean. If you Need help moving inland, you know it can help Mark. You can get in shape using Noom Noom weight makes it easy to start on your weight loss journey and stay on track. B. B what? Man, I Know Noom is based in science and it's like a psychological approach and that's really fantastic. But you know what else is based in science? The fricking asteroid that is about to hit us. Adults are talking here. Man, this prank is going on. Just turn on the tv. I'm not turning on the TV mark because we're talking about our sponsor. Noom knows that sometimes you're gonna have an off day, like with this weirdly misguided prank or you know, maybe a cheat day, maybe you have a pizza, whatever. Noom is not here to judge. They want to gently help you get back on track and let you know that you are the boss. You decide how noom fits into your life.


Bob, look how your window, you know what I'm looking at. I'm looking at the app. I love the app. Lots of great features. The food logging and the weight tracking are especially useful. I didn't realize until I started writing it down, you know, how, how much I was eating every day, the choices I was making. Simple things like this. Noom helps you to make better decisions. Wow. I'm getting a lot of text messages. That's a really good idea actually. Keeping track of like rations and stuff and what you're eating as well as trying to get, like get in better shape. We're going to do a lot of moving. Assuming that we survive the impact. Guys, you Gotta start packing right Now. Start building better habits for healthier long-term results. Sign up for your trial@noom.com slash Distractible. That's NOO m.com/d I-S-T-R-A.


CT IBLE. Sign up for your trial. Just Look out your window. Oh fuck. This episode of Distractible is sponsored by Edmonds. What's the point? Okay, what's the point? It, it looks like once you get through California part of Nevada, the roads open up a bit. The roads Are gonna open up a lot of it. I was supposed to have more time. A lot of people are on the car market right now. Need a Bigger vehicle. Maybe I can escape it. It's Stressful, it's confusing, but Edmonds is going to go the extra mile to make car buying easier by providing shoppers with honest car reviews, video test drives, online shopping tools, the latest consumer advice. I Need a long range. The longest range I gotta drive across this whole country. I'm never gonna see my parents again. This clock's ticking, man.


I wasted so much time. I should've listened to you, man. I thought you were joking. We all wasted so much time. And look at us Now. Okay, you guys are still kind of wasted time. We need to get as much research done as fast as possible to find the right vehicle. I Know Edmonds Has 50 years of trusted car shopping advice and price guidance all in one place. But if we only had 50 minutes left, yeah, Yeah, yeah. But even their homepage has car rankings compiled by editors and stuff. So we can find the top ring vehicles as fast as possible. Compare 'em side by side. So we want something, we want something that's fuel efficient. Something that's big. Yeah. And what can go off road? Asteroid proof. Can you search for that? Maybe that's under like safety ratings. Yeah, They could do safety ratings. High safety ratings. Yes. Good. Currency still matters as of right now, so we gotta figure out what our budget is.


Thankfully, that's all on here. As well as financing. Financial systems break down. I know where there are a lot of goats and chickens. Everything is a lot right now guys. And car shopping can be overwhelming, but what? Oh, it Get darker? Yeah. Wait, what the hell? Oh my God. No, I, oh no. They said tonight or tomorrow. Oh no, we're outta time. Oh God. Edmonds is here to help though. Oh. Visit edmonds.com. Click on Edmond's best car rankings to research and compare vehicles. That's EDMU ds.com. Edmonds. We drive it like it is. Thanks to Edmonds for sponsoring the shift.