
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime. Whatever you're into makes it even better. I like to randomly pick up hobbies. So does Mark Wade doesn't do much, but whatever Mark or I picks up a new hobby, you need it now And it comes. Comes with prime video and Amazon music because Prime makes it better. Or streaming to shopping. It's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. That's A-M-A-Z-O n.com/p IE. And get more of whatever you're into.


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, smudge resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses or find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Woodless Wade Winters had ranked on mags and questions the boys about bugs and pussy. Mankini. Mark is too hot. Rah purchases pitiful firepower and ramrod his wick. Blue-eyed Bob can't fire it up. Wants to get sticky and states' weigh. Looks like he pounds Garfield hard from vegan bullets to outskirt owls. Yeah, it's time for Big Dog energy. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I just made a spit bubble and I hope it didn't show up on camera. I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark and Bob. Hello. How are you two doing? We're co-hosts today. Did we all win? We're always co-hosts. I'm just the host. I don't think that's how that words work. Competitors is kind of what I've been hearing. Your competitive co-host and I'm the godlike one today Who hasn't won in a long time and complained about it last episode. It has been a long time, but I'm glad to be back. I wasn't really complaining about so much as trying to keep my streak alive. I hope everyone is doing well while I try to figure out my life. I'm gonna allow these two to have some small talk time. What's up guys? I learned an interesting thing about temperatures and furnaces this week.


Oh Wow. Did you know it can be cold enough outside that your furnace, which is inside the house in the basement in our house, can then not be able to turn on because it's too cold outside. Which you might think that seems like a problem. And you're right, that's a terrible problem to have. It was this past week was like crazy cold, like Sub-Zero actual temperatures, which is not that cold if you live in a cold place. But in Ohio it doesn't really get that cold. And it Is currently eight degrees, Which feels like warm in comparison. It does. When you open the door to let the dog out and it's negative four degrees and windy, you're just like whole body is like fuck.


Ugh. But yeah, so apparently for the way furnaces work is there's like an exhaust. It burns natural gas and that exhausts outdoors 'cause of health reasons. But that exhaust is humid and our exhaust for our natural gas for our furnace froze in the time between when it cycled off because it reached whatever temperature we set it to and wanted to turn back on. 'cause it was 64 degrees inside the house And it literally, I had to go out in negative five or whatever, negative whatever degrees, weather that in the middle of the night in the dark holding a flashlight in my mouth and a paw blade in my, in my hands that were freezing. And I couldn't feel them and just go up to the exhaust and go and get to get through the ice enough to where it would ignite the furnace and warm our, I didn't do that three separate times.


It was an awesome night. I love being cold. I've never had That happen. I didn't know that was possible. I assumed the furnace loved it when it's cold outside, that's what it's built for Sure. You certainly shake Show. You certainly shake show. Yes, I'm with you. I'm glad you're warm now in my life where it's all warm, a little too warm where I am. You should say that again. There was actually another fire. Did I tell you about that? Did we talk about that? No, Wait, wait. What? Yeah, there was another fire not in la, north of la north of Santa Clarita. It blossomed from a, from a 50 acre fire to a 10,000 acre fire in the matter of eight hours.


Was it in conjunction with another wind blast from the, Apparently, yeah. There was a, a sudden wind event up there. This is mostly, you know, forest, but it's like a low population area up there. Still bad. Not saying it's any better because of that, but you should have seen watch duty because I have the pro version of watch duty. I paid for pro. Sure. And so you can see the aircraft going towards that fire and it's like D-Day invasion of just nonstop helicopters plane just out of LA and just gunning it for their, they, yeah, they, as far as I know, they, they contained it And it was like extremely fast growing fire.


Well, okay, it's not fully contained where it is right now. It's 36% containment. But they've started to send planes and helicopters away 'cause they're like, we don't need you anymore. So even if it says not fully contained, it might actually be but they have to verify everywhere. Yeah, well get getting, I think you explained this 'cause we talked about this a bunch, but getting containment's actually a really high bar, right? If they think an area is contained, it literally means there couldn't be fire there If someone was trying to be an arson. Arson. Do an arson you an ocean. Yeah, somebody was trying to do an arson. Yeah, I love that. That's a voice we're doing, doing now I have another thing that actually affects me though. I made a poor financial decision.


Alright? Yeah. So you guys know I was, I'm I am going to take a firearm safety course, right? Sure. And I think I might have mentioned I was made fun of very much at the gun store because I got a 22 pistol, right? A Baby gun? Yes. Yes. Okay. Yeah, a gun. Why would they Laugh At that? I don't know. Look, 22 lr. I wanna say lr. It's, it's like legendary, Rare, like a doon. It's an L 22 Y. Yes, it's, it's great. That's better than an SSR. So for those that don't know, bullets 22, LR means 22 Long rifle. What is that? Doesn't mean 22. How many 22 is it? Oh, that clears it all up.


22, 22 0.22 inch, I don't know, something like that. 22 smalls, they make a 22 short, which is like just the, this already small bullet. It's like stubby, right? It's like that big still could kill you, but all the gun store people were like, I definitely probably won't be enough to stop a drugged up home invader. And I'm like, you don't, that's not, this isn't the circumstances that I'm, are All home invaders drugged up? Is that a prerequisite according to The gun store people? Yes, absolutely. 100%. Hey, You're in my house. I'm not drugged up. Oh, come in, come in. Let me get my 22 out here. Take this breathalyzer. Oh, you passed, come on in. Yeah, Breathalyzer. I could dozer for cocaine. So I'm paranoid about lead.


Right? And you know, bullets lead kind of go hand in hand, right? So I looked up and they do make a non lead. Well they did make a non-lead 22 long rifle bullet. It was discontinued and I didn't look up why it was discontinued, but it was discontinued. Probably didn't work Getting Ahead of myself here. So I I, it was only available from this one store, like in Arizona I believe. And they had a case of 5,000, right? So I, I bought it because it was, the price per bullet was like 9 cents. It was four $50 for the whole 5,000 case. And I was like, okay, this is the only non-lead, completely non-lead, not even in the primer.


So even if it fires, it won't release any lead gas into the air. I don't get lead, my brain doesn't implode and I am good and healthy. Right? I finally went to the, the, the shooting range, an indoor one. And you know, I, I'm paranoid about lead, so I'm like masked up and double your protection. I'm, I'm just there to make sure the gun works. And then as I, as I fire my first shot, I hear the voice of the gun store. People being like, when he showed me the, the pistol, he was like, now this 22 lr, it's not very strong. So sometimes it'll not cycle, which means it won't go to the next bullet. Which means that it's, it's, you know, it'll fail a lot In, in video game terms. That's when the gentleman yells jam, I'm done.


And then you can't shoot for a minute because it's jammed And lemme tell you, every single shot the gun jammed, every single one. It was just every single. And meanwhile I got guys on the left and right of me with their big nine millimeters and 40 fives. It's like Boom, boom. And I'm just P fuck shit. God dammit. Okay. How fuck God damnit that's what you get for buying them vegan bullets. How'd they call 'em? I mean it might as well have been, it was like every bullet was coated in this like green goop. I think it used to be a lubricant, but they're old and discontinued.


So it acted as a glue. So literally the, the casings, 'cause again, 22 lr, very small, not a lot of power. I mean, you know, it's, it's got some power so you know, it's got, it's got power, right? Sure. Yeah. No, sure, okay. Yeah, yeah. Bullet bounces off of a mouse. Quick zoom in on the mouse's brain. The mouse is like, I'm invincible. Cut to the mouse jumping off a roof of a building. He's Not invincible Mouse doing that magician trick trying to catch a bullet in his mouth. Well if you, if they're, if you're not looped up enough, he could always try something like Elmer's Glue. I mean basically that's what it was. So you know, I said I bought 5,000.


Yeah that's a, that's a lot I think, right? They Had two boxes. I bought 10,000 Of these useless fucking bullets. That's especially funny because it means that the casing is all sticky and so it doesn't just, oftentimes when a gun jams what all you need to do is like rack it again. Yeah. And so you just like pull a thing and it's like poof And it ejects. Yeah, but they're sticky. And I'm assuming that means that you didn't just go oh And it eject you. Like you have to like clear the gun rack and lock it. Like fish out the little glued in shell ca Yes I did. It's not even just like a jam. It's like the worst version of a jam. I had to go up to the cashier outside of the gun range and shamefully go, I got a bullet stuck in my gun.


Can you help me? I don't know how to deal with This. He just hands me a long like rod to ram it down. I'm like, do I stick this in the front? And he is like, yeah, you stick it in The front. Where's the gun at as you're holding it? I left it in the shooting range. I didn't wanna bring it out, wave it around. Oh Yeah, no they don't like when you walk around with guns outside the, they're not into that. Yeah. So don't worry guys. It's going great with my John Wick training. Buy some five W 30 and just slosh fill up those bad boys with a little, that probably flammable lubricant probably is not advisable.


I have no idea about Stuff. Maybe I don't, I don't even know. Maybe a 22 slash flamethrower sounds great. Oh yeah dude. It's like those call of duty bullets where it shoots a bullet and fire. Yeah. Yeah. I wish I had one around so I could show you for everyone at home. Like how big A 22? Well how small. You don't really say how big a 22 bullet is. Just show the size. Bigger. Say The size of it. Hang on, just get ready. It's gonna be gonna be a whopper. Is It in the room with, Ooh, Hang on. It's a good thing you got the long Ones. Oh there it is. There it's you. Wow. Yeah, it's, it's against TOS.


This is gonna get us banned. It is. So it's dangerous. It's a non, it's a non-active. That's just like a necklace. Anyway. It's sticky, Sticky, Sticky. What is it? Sticky What if there's nothing wrong with the, with those shells. But the previous owner of them just really liked 22 LR shells and that's why it's all sticky. It was just really about that. Yeah, maybe. I don't know. Is that Better or worse? Much worse actually. That's horrifically bad. Yes. Him masturbating into the box of bullets that I bought. Yes. A lot. Yeah. To cover all 10,000. Yeah. Maybe he Kept the bullets in a sock.


Master gave Doy a song. Cl cl and look, Look everyone at home, we're not joking. This is still dangerous. It's still a bullet And it could kill for sure. 100% could can and has, it's still a bullet dangerous. So, you know, laugh it up guys. It's also one of the best like target practice rounds just because it's one of it is, there's only maybe two bullets that are smaller than this and they're also 20 twos and it's 22 long rifle, 22 regular and then 22 short. Which is exactly half as tall as this is. But they're still dangerous. Most of them leave the gun when fired. Shut.


Shut up. Shut up, shut. I'll just tell you, I'm gonna lube these bullets up. You're gonna see. You're gonna see, You're Gonna see Anyway. Yeah. Training's going real good. Good. You're basically John Wick at this point. I basic. Yeah, exactly. I do the reload Flap. You got that stairs falling thing and you got the Yeah, I can See it. I'm getting real good at cocking it. You know really good at That. You understand what to do in case of a jam. I Do. I really do. Which Is an important skill that no one practices Enough. Mark pulls out his gun, pulls out his little pipe cleaner and he is like, I'm ready to go shoot.


He got a holster for the pipe cleaner. A holster for the, The whole sequence in the, in the where he is in the hotel. And he is like, I need something big and bold for the end of the night. Oh. And like 50 pipe cleaners, you know, Did I fire two shots or clean three? I'd like the extra sticky 22 lrs. Do you Feel sticky punk? Do you? You know what? I respect it. That's a tough, that's a tough l for you. And that doesn't make it less funny. But I do feel bad. I also do feel bad for you. 'cause that's sucks. And It is annoying. Yeah. And it wasn't like they were each like four 50 bucks for the 5,000.


So price per bullet. You know if this, if you're looking at like any other 22, it's like, yeah, that's pretty comparable and decent and for non-lead, it doesn't have any lead and lead free. Yeah. And that's, that's big. People should be more concerned about that. I think about how long that that's gonna last you. 'cause you can only fire one a time. Go go to the range, do the whole routine. You just un open your case, get thing out. Stand up, click alright, Gotta Go, gotta go disassemble and clean this bad boy. That's my one shot. Can't believe I missed again. Did They make a muzzle loader? 22, you know, shove that Bad boy down the front.


Put some Extra gunpowder in there just to make sure it gets out there. Clearing it out. I never get it out there. I'd have to disassemble the whole muzzle loader. You just, you have to get a new gun every time you just far and like, ah, yeah. Cook pile of 50 of them. Well that was fun. I don't know why. I thought it'd be different this time, Man. I thought I got a good deal on these bullets, but I had to buy 10,000 guns. You like that police station? Maybe the police station just had sticky bullets, Dude. It's like, oh man, what a sequence. That would be in John Wick. One shot per gun. They Got the Gatlin gun.


They charge it off and go, All right, let's go. It's like the matrix helicopter. You turn it on. The thing is just like, All right, different helicopter Trinity. Get the other helicopter now. A lot more bullets if we're saving Morpheus. All Right guys, please. But it's also a bummer for you buddy. We're not laughing at you. We're laughing about you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. It's Very brave of you to come here and share with us. Thank you. Thank you. I I I can always trust you guys to hear my woes. We, I always offer a compassionate shoulder to cry on. I Feel like. What were the names from Home Alone?


Marv and what was the other guy's name? The sticky bandits. Mark. They would've loved you in your bullets. Harry, Harry, Marvin, Harry. I was was just gonna say Joe Peshy. But that's, They do make a single shot 22. And let me tell you, this bad boy is exactly as stupid looking as you imagine. Oh Wait, no, isn't that kind of like from the day of the jackal? Do you guys know the movie The Day of the Jackal? No. No. It's a, I honestly forget a lot of it. But there's a, there's a sequence where the guy's like an assassin I think. And he uses a a, a ground like that. But he disguises it as a crutch so he can like sneak into an area that's like patrolled by troops or something.


And he, but then he gets into his, you know, takes his crutch apart, puts together the weapon and whatever. And he's like assassinating. But he has like a special, he doesn't shoot regular 22 round. He shoots some kind of special exploding one. 'cause it, it makes the melon explode when he shoots it when he is practicing. I don't know. So it's not stupid. Okay. It's an assassin weapon. You're right, it's an assassin weapon. And when that one shoots only once, nobody's surprised. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. It's, it's okay. Mark. We can all laugh about it now 'cause it's in the past. Why Can't we just use the nine mil?


Are you crazy? Let's go behind those 20 twos. Yeah. Okay. I do have a topic, mini, mini story of my own. I was at dinner a little while ago. I was at melting pot with Molly and then Ren and Charlie, those that don't know I have two dachshunds and a cat. And at dinner, Charlie seemingly forgetting that looks at me and he goes, Wade, I got a question for you. I was like, okay. He says, do I look like a small dog guy? And I was like, okay, I have two small dogs. What are you saying? What are you asking me? Well, what was your answer?


I said, I like small dogs and I previously liked you. So Yes, Previously. So apparently he's got a, a boss who is a bit shorter than us and his boss was relieved whenever Charlie and Ryn were not getting a small dog. I wanna be clear, bit shorter than all of us. All of us collectively we're all the same height ish. Even if we were not for whatever reason, smaller than all of us. Okay, Cool. All right. Yeah, just wanna be clear About that real Napoleon we're talking. All right, good. Yeah. Hope you're not watching right now. Charlie, if you get fired, this is your fault. You shouldn't have asked me the small dog question, but it got me thinking about big dog, small dog energy. He's like, I do, I give off small dog energy.


'cause the guy was relieved when he got a big dog because he really thought Charlie gave off small dog energy, which as a guy with small dogs, I was like, what are you, what are you saying about small dog Energy? Oh, you definitely give off small dog energy. Yeah. Yeah. Why? Why? Why are you talking about that? Like, it's a bad thing. I give off small dog energy. I Don't, I don't know. I don't know what it means exactly. I Guess I, I don't give off small dog energy 'cause I got big dogs. I, I mean this in the least judgmental way possible and I know we were just really giving it to you. So I hope this is not offensive. You a little bit give off cat energy. No, no, that's fine. Yeah, no I've, I've had cats Too. I, I know some people like really don't like cats and that's not you. But like you cat and kind of big-ish dog. I say ferret, Fer.


Ferret energy. Ferret, ferret. Oh That's, I'm not picking up on that at all. No, I just, ferret energy is very unique. You don't mistake that. I've Never known one person with Ferrets. I don't know exactly what is small dog energy, but I think you and I both give off big small dog energy. I like small dog. I've had big dogs, they were destructive. Small dogs fit on the couch, the bed, whatever. Very nice. And I'm, I just prefer 'em. But anyway, it got me thinking about what kind of energy we give off as far as dogs and I guess we just went through that. But I thought maybe we would talk about specifics. Like what kind of dog do you see when you look at me? Oh, I thought you were gonna say like Mark gives off small gun energy, small bullet energy. You did this to yourself.


Oh I thought I had you got those Real mark sized bullets. You know, wait, so total tangent. You know I have a truck now, right? Nothing makes me feel smaller than I'm up in my truck. It's huge. I'm way up high. I look at this car for me like wow, this is small car park, my truck, you know, in park hit the parking brake, it goes please k. And I open the door and I drop two feet and I hit the ground and nothing makes me feel at my average, perfectly average height then that that feeling of of it's like, you know when you're piloting a Jager in Pacific Rim and you step out and you're like, oh I miss being huge.


What happened to me? Did You get one of those slides that you use for emergency evac on the airplanes? Open the door just Every single time, you know to pack it back up. You when when you park it's like p and when you go to leave, you just rip it off and leave it in the parking spot. Imagine Him going to the country and get out of his truck slide Mark hops down and there's this giant dude next to him. Marcos. Oh no, I left my 22 lrs up in the cab. Oh God gets out climbing gear, like clean strap in. Oh geez. Yeah. Anyway. No, no that's scary though. I don't have a lot of like trucks or anything in my life.


But when I do like ride in a pickup truck or like I've had a rental Jeep gladiator, which is like the Jeep pickup truck. When you go to get out of a car and you're used to normal low to the ground cars and you like fall out, it's kind of terrifying. Yeah, it's not my favorite. Yeah. It's the perspective. They do say like when people drive, they do sort of embody their card that already is like extra humanism. What is it the terminology like transhumanism. So it's like you, you kind of become your vehicle and that's why certain people get really, really proud of their big, big vehicles. But you Know, even as a tall person, if I had a truck I would want those like step cars that they have. Dude, Have you seen the automatic folding ones?


Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Those things are tall. They're tall even for tall people. But It's so, oh man, it's so great. I can haul anything. I fucking Love my truck. I, I was always a small sport car guy, now I'm like, I kinda like SUV, I like being big. I don't know if I would enjoy living with a pickup but I feel like if I was going to, it would need to be like lowered and not squatted 'cause I don't wanna look like an idiot. But like there are like, like drag race pickup trucks. I watch a couple guys who do drag racing, like lowered like the wheel tucks up under the fender arch type things. Those look sick. Just get hydraulics when you need to get out. You'll lower the front too and you just get out.


And then what Like a bust that kneels for people who have mobility issues. I mean I'm sure they do make a truck like that and nowadays yeah and Then you can drive around like, ooh like it was cool in the nineties to do Still cool today. Still cool man. Still cool. Honestly it is pretty cool still. It's kind of scary in like a oh please don't break your car kind of way. But it's very cool. I Love it when they're doing a demonstration And it's going so high. It's like vertical and they're just going till it breaks and then the whole axle just goes po like straight out the front. That's always fun. Yeah, I love the clips that you see of guys going And it is like competition. So they're both trying to go as vertical as possible And it always ends with one guy who's just like falls over on the roof car destroyed.


It's like, God dammit man that really took a turn. Did I win That? You could total a car without it even moving You can you jump from a high place and land on it or you throw an elephant on there. Throw an elephant. I like your style. Thank you. Back to animals though, right? Right. Animals. What kind of dog did you say I looked like? I think Bob you gave one already. It was kind of a joke. Got kind of trampled all over but I'll say it again, see if it works. Mexican Hairless. Hairless. I heard Mexican something, I was like, oh Mexican Terry. I dunno what that is. Hairless because I'm bald. Ha. Gimme the points. Yeah, I, okay, so it's because right now you have, your beard is a little grayer but your mustache is is darker.


You give off a Japanese chin. It's, it's actually, I just looked up a picture. It's kind of inverse but for some reason I'm getting Japanese chin. My mom and my stepdad had one, his name was Charlie. He was such a good dog. Passed away several years ago now, but cute as can be. Oh They are cute. I'll take that. I was going to say, my serious answer is, so there's a problem with this but because also if the beard situation, you look like a Scotty to me look like a Scottish terrier in the face. But Scottish terriers, if you look up some pictures tend to me a little bit on the short side and that does not match up with you very well.


When I was at dinner and I was talking about this, 'cause we, the joke about the small dog kept coming up callbacks if you will. I, we talked about, I was like, well I might have to host an episode there, maybe I'll talk about this. I was like, you know what, it's weird. I, when I picture Bob as a dog, I picture all the dogs with mustaches and I don't know why. Hmm. That's weird. I mostly have never had a mustache. I know, but I feel like dog you would and I don't know why But what kind of dogs is it? That's the question. I'll try to look up the one that specifically came to mind while I'm doing this. But now you guys each other, Mark look into my eyes. Alright, well would you like me to offer you the same? Sure. Yes.


Hmm. I'm trying to think. I actually don't know the, the name of the species. I have a picture of it. I know yours. You want me to say it? Yes. Yes. It's, it's full on Labradoodle because they have way too human eyes and so they look like that when they're like giving people the side eye. Oh I could see that. They do have way too human eyes. Yeah, their eyes are suspiciously human and so when they look they're just like go. It's like the blue eyes meme but dog. All right. Okay. I was so close. There it is. It's funny because while you're not short, you are a perfectly average height. This is a very tall dog. It's something about the face that you made and your hair.


Give me, give me big Afghan hound energy. Ah, right. Afghan hound. Oh, how beautiful. It's a majestic breed. Oh beautiful. Well thank you. I appreciate that. I Guess you were just giving really tall energy. Thank you. Thank you. Look at this. Look at, look at this. God geez, I don't like it. Why did the soul of someone's grandfather get trapped in that dog? I don't like it. Oh Yeah. It's that Bob. No, that's someone else. Dude, that's not me. That Was kind of Bob. I was getting Bob vibes from this. Yeah.


Yeah. A lovely dog if you have one. Lovely. But it's also the way the bottom lip and the teeth there really look just, I don't know, maybe this, I hope this picture has been altered because Have you seen pictures of them like sitting like people too, the labradoodles will like sit up and, but the like their arms will hang down. Like if you looked at it you'd be like, oh that's like a kid in a costume but it's actually just a dog. It's very unsettling. I bet I'm unsettled already. Next Up is cats. When we look at each other, what cats do we see? Man, I don't even know enough cats. Brown, orange.


I'm guessing you guys see like what a sphinx When you look at me, the bald one. Well it's that crepey one that people have and they keep 'em on a pillow and it's like high maintenance. Is that the sphinx cat? Maybe if it's hairless. There's only the one hairless I think. Nah, they're probably more hairless. There Are at least six. It looks like there's fx, bambino, Peter bald, Donskoy, li Lacoy, Koy. I don't know L-Y-K-O-I. How do you pronounce L-Y-K-O-I. Leroy. I have no idea. Probably spell it out like that. L-Y-K-O-Y. One of them LYK Oiss. That's like a thing. I don't know. No, actually that's, I wasn't gonna make that joke again. One 'cause that's just lazy. There's Also big cats.


Don't forget like panthers and stuff like that. You don't have to go with only house cat. What kind of cat is Garfield? The orange one. The Tabby? No, that's not Right. Tabby Cat tab. Tabby. I could ask the internet. I guess. Wait, maybe Tabby's can be orange. No, no, no, no, no. Yes I've heard that orange ones are very, they're dumb, but I don't know. I was, I didn't know that. Apparently Persian tabby is the top possible breed, but also could be some kind of exotic short hair or British short hair anyway you give off. Not like grumpy 'cause he's grumpy a lot, but you give off like Garfield vibes, like after he just pounded that whole lasagna and he is like, everything's good and he is chilling.


Is this me or Wade? Wade. Oh, damnit. Yeah. Me Garfield. Bob, you're straight up. 'cause of the beard. Maine Coon, That a kind of Cat. Maine coons are cool. Yeah. Yeah. It's also one of the biggest, Ooh, they have a very distinctive face. It's like a more like a tiger face that got squished down but also still a very large cat. Oh, I've seen these fellers. Yeah. Okay. I like that. I think those guys are cool. Now for Mark. Mark, what kind of cat are you? I have No idea. The personality is all wrong, but aesthetically, can I just say that Mark gives me Keter energy in a way? Like my cat Kes? Yeah.


No, KES is not a species of cat. The only thing in the entire world I know called Kes is nipples and your cat. So yes, your cat. Okay. No. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All Right. So for those out there ERs is kind of shy, but he loves attention whenever. Like he warms up, he's like, pet me, feed me. He's become more vocal as he is gotten older. I don't think Bob's saying he likes to shit on the floor like kiters does. I hope so. I, no, it's more, it's more of the look. It's like his facial structure. I don't know. It's hard to capture. Just Pull up a picture of him. That would be the easiest thing in the world for me to do. You probably have some. I don't 'cause he's not my cat anyway. I dunno how much you know Peter's mark, but he's a little bit of an a-hole sometimes.


But he's A good guy. It's been a while though, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Well we were over there over the summer So long ago now. Yeah, last summer. It Feels like it was a year ago. I don't, yeah. Yeah, that captures it pretty good. No, there you go. Yeah. Not angry but serious. He's a very unique and beautiful cat. He's always like, he gets a lot of attention at the vet. Everyone's like, your cat looks so exotic. He has Almost like cartoony features. The way the like dramatic cheekbone lines that he has and stuff. He's a very interesting looking cat. He's also like got the, it's kind of a rare thing I think, but he is got black fur, but underneath his fur is all white. You can kind of see like the white and gray patches. Literally since he's been a kitten, he's had black fur.


But like as soon as you lift up his fur, everything underneath is white. He's never changed color. He's always stayed a black cat, but somehow all the under fur is White. My inside's a different color too. There We go. Wow. What a guy. How big his dick is. That's his leg. I hope. I think it was his tail. But He's a five legged cat. All right. So Mark's ERs, I'm a something, something A Garfield. Whatever the hell. Garfield is something Tabby Mark Was a main coon. I think the main Coons, no, Bob was a main coon. Bob Or Bob was a main coon. I think main coons look really cool. They do look cool. They're big too. I've actually seen one of those in person. They're bigger than they look in pictures.


They're cool. I am also bigger than I look in pictures. People are always surprised. Everyone always thinks I'm really short. Everyone's always surprised when I'm tall. I guess I give off short energy. I don't know. Yeah, Big short energy. Yeah. Sorry. Did you see the Chuckle Sandwich podcast that I was on? I did. And once again, it was us in my mom's kitchen because I was in the middle and they're both six foot three and like six foot four maybe. And they were, you were in a curved bench, so they were both several feet closer to the camera than you were. And so it's just like the absolute same exact situation where I've just dimi shrunk into the distance.


Always, always fair. Love those guys. Such good chemistry, you know? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. I can tell you guys really got along. Probably had a heck of a fun after, you know, post post show. Am I Missing something? You gotta watch it. Chuckle sandwich. Last ever guest episode coming to an end. Okay. Gotta check it out Because of Mark. Yep. No, well, not because of Mark, but a little but not, we've Only ever had one guest And It was Jesus. So are we gonna do better than that? We're gonna go straight from cat to insect. Man. You're testing my knowledge of insects. It doesn't have to be complicated. You don't have to be like, ah, yes, the tweenie cho cho nappy. Well, There goes my guess.


The Taiwanese chopped chopped knappy. That was, that was exactly what I was thinking when I was looking at your face. Straight up time when he's chopped up Toppy. Oh shit. Too late now. Sorry. Lemme just Spoil. Give be stink bug after that dummy Wade. I know, I know the answer. You give off big caterpillar from the circus in a bug's life energy. I'm Gonna Beautiful butterfly. Yes. Yes It does. Yes. You know the man. Yes. Yeah, That's, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's a great one. That's You. Yeah. That's a Great, I can't even argue it. I want to, but like, I really can't. I feel like it's hard to pin mark down to and in you don't, you don't give off a lot of insect energy.


Thanks. Thank you. I appreciate Your casual nonchalance is very un You know what, actually, that's a good one. That, that led me to it. You give off pretty strong praying mantis energy. Ooh. Because praying mantis are like badass and generally look cool or really cool depending on the species. But also they just can't fucking be bothered to care about anything. Even they could be an eminent peril and they're just gonna be like, I'm gonna move real slow. I'm gonna walk over here. I'm not gonna walk. They just like, are unbothered. Even when my head is being eaten alive, I still had sex. So whatever.


Who else in this bush just had sex? I thought so. Yeah. Again, you know, that's such a kind, thoughtful response, which really poisons to what I was gonna say. No, no. Stick to it. Stick to your guns. I like this. Okay. All right. They only shoot one bullet at a time, so I'm not afraid. Look, okay, cockroach. But here we out. Here we, We. Okay. You know, it's, you know, a survivor.


I'll change my answer. I'll change you. Please. No, I'll change. It's so good. I Ill fly dying cockroach. You know, you got, Ooh, those are cool ones. These de deceptive. You can get anywhere. Don't they all fly? Some of 'em don't. I Should have said cicada before Or after it gets wings. Like pubes stage or like full Wings. Full wing. I think he's saying I have an annoying voice. No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying It sounds like 30,000 insects crackling their wings all together, however the fuck they make that noise. Yeah. How do they make that noise? I don't even Know. I have no, I I rubbing their legs like crickets. I don't even know. Is it bad That looking at a cicada pupa, I see me like goofy little shit. Sometimes. Sometimes the truth just presents itself to you.


What are you gonna do? All right, hold on, hold on, hold on. Here we go. I, I, I, I know I led you as stray. It was just joking. Was yya yya? God dammit. I was looking at the, I just typed in the most beautiful insect and dung beetle came up. God, you're such a flatterer cockroach and dung beetle. You know that tiny spider that has like the, And it is like a Peacock. Oh, jumping spider. Yeah, jumping spider. You know that? Yeah. How about that? And they shuffle around and they're all Don't eat me.


Yeah, that, how about that? Yeah. Wing Spiders are nice. I could See some bob and a jumping spider. Okay, cool. All right. Whew. I see Bob more there than a cockroach. Look, I wasn't mad about the cockroach, honestly. That's okay. I didn't mean it like, you know that. Whoa, I looked up the ugliest insects. Go figure dung beetle. No, not on here. Oh, no cockroaches here, but there's some horrifying ones. What's next? Shrimp species. Shrimp? Yeah. What, like which shrimp energy do you give off? I don't know. I was just guessing. No, no, not yet. Plants. Plants. Before you all say it, I'll just take the one that smells like rotting meat.


It's fine. No. Oh. Oh, No. Oh, okay. You smell fine. What? What? I'm glad because, man, I was walking around today and I kept smelling something horrible and I was like, gotta be me. And it turned out the shirt I was wearing, apparently one of my dogs had marked. So yes. All right. I already know. I already know what mark is. I'm trying to figure out what weight is. Do you want yours, mark? Sure. I'll take it. You are a majestic ivy. You are relentless. You find the thing and you focus on the thing until you reach the top, and then you just find the next thing. And that's the new thing you focus on. You are a a century old ivy that's grown all the way up the side of an enormous building on a respectable college campus somewhere.


Yeah. Okay, Bob, I know where you are. You are the whomping willow where you're a big, bold, tough, strong, willing to pummel those stupid teenagers for flying a car into you. Oh, okay. Yes. But you have a tender sweet spot. It gets pressed. You relax. Mm. That's You. Plus I have a shack in my ass. That's true. That's true. Isn't Oh boy does it shriek. Yep. Yeah. And full of criminals. Just full of criminals.


Yeah. Lots of stuff goes on. Now I Control criminals. Alleged. I'm trying to pin down Wade. This is gonna sound like it's for a certain reason and it's not for that reason. Okay. It's for other reasons. But Wade, you're, you give me big watermelon buying energy watermelon because I, watermelons are associated with me. The plants, they're, they're a summer plant, right? And so watermelons are just always like a good time. Like no matter what is happening, if you're near a watermelon plant, if you're seeing one, if you're harvesting a watermelon, it's like always because a good time is happening or is about to happen and you're always like, All right, watermelon.


Cool, cool. I do Like good time. You like a good time. You are always a good time. You agree with watermelon mark? Yeah. Well, I mean, I didn't, I didn't know we could deny this. And it's not because of bald and shiny watermelon. That's unrelated. Mark, I had you as a purple wisteria tree. Oh, fucking why? How dare you wound to see a purple wisteria tree. Oh, nevermind. Thank you. That's beautiful. Holy shit. Look at that tree. What is that? That's amazing. It's like a weeping willow, but all lavender. I've never seen this in my life. This can't be real. Ooh, That's pretty, How do you know this? This didn't exist. I swear to God, this, there's some things in this universe that we wake up and someone says something like this and I'm like, I would've heard about this.


I would've heard about this tree Can't be real. It's not real. No. I was scrolling through and I was, I was like, that one kind of speaks to me. I like that the definite, the explanation of this tree is like, oh, it's beautiful. Oh, it's lovely. Very high maintenance tree Needs a, it Needs lots and lots of taking care of constant problem. Beautiful. Though I was kind of a backhanded one way. I'm not gonna lie, It didn't mean to be, I just saw the picture. I don't know if what this one is, Bob, but I saw you as a rad Ronnie plant. I'm sorry. Bless you. I Don't know how to pronounce this. Is this actually the name of a flower? I don't know if this this's actually the name.


Maybe it's Passion flower Radha. Ronnie. I'm getting nothing. I might have been looking at just like the name of someone or a website. I think it's a passion flower. What in the world? Again, you made this up, this didn't exist, and you wielded into being how in the hell? I Don't know. There the ones I saw just had a lot of purple, which I think I associate with Bob. Whoa, those are cool. It's probably the purple. But I saw it. I was just like, Bob Looks Like a flower they'd have in like, like animal crossing. And you'd see it and be like, that's not a real flower, but it is somewhere. It's just like not anywhere you'd actually see it. For anyone that's just listening and is absolutely furious that we are not saying anything, Google everything before is, like I said, it's like a tree with lavender.


This, this sun bitch. It looks like a purple version of the angry sun from Mario, but with more nightmarish tendrils coming out of it. And the center is a five sided, three arched thingama Bob. In other words, it's like a white and purple flower Is, that is not an AP description of what this people are gonna put that in their head and they're gonna be like, All right. Oh, flower. Then they look at this and they're like, what? In the June ito? Holy shit. Is that. That's nightmare. It's kinda wild looking. Yeah, It's very like alien. Never seen anything like that ever in my life. Ooh, some of these different variet, like ve varietals of it are interesting.


There's like a, the red one. Yeah, that's fine. That looks normal-ish. Minus the weird center thing. Crazy stuff, man. The amazing but problematic passion flower just can't stop saying slurs this flower. So goddamn problematic. Never learn. Ah, yes. The Missouri slur flower. All right, next up. What shape bacteria best fit? What, what kind of mad lib are you building out of this? I, I gotta suspect that there's some ulterior motive.


What shape of bacteria? If you can figure it out, mark, you'll win the episode. What even shape bacteria are there besides like a pill shaped, Rod shaped, spiral shaped sphere shape? Bob's a tar degrade. That's Not a bacteria. Bacteria. And I, I wanna be a tar Degrade. No, I'm embarrassed, Man. You Just went right forward. I'm embarrassed. I wanna be, what are those things called wa water ties. So, so Teddy, they're those are tardigrades rock. I wanna be a tardigrade plus they're like, they're like un killable. No, that's not a bacteria. Can't make it happen. Sorry, I tried Did you, did you almost say sperm shaped?


Is that what you were going for? Yeah. Sperm. This one, it's a, it's a spiral shaped one called a Vibrio, which looks like a buddy sperm. Which one of us is the sperm? Well, no, it wasn't one of you guys. No. Listen. All Right. Well, there's only like three shapes of bacteria. What even is this question? Spherical Rod, spiral comma and corkscrew. Common comma, I guess. Vibrio Wades a rod and mark is a shorter rod. Thanks. Everyone's rods to me. All I see is rods. I see Mark as a sphere. And Bob is a spiral myself, A sphere for Mark. Really? He's just kinda like, he's, he's well-rounded.


I don't like this. Ah, I got it. There's also filamentous star shaped rectangular and hie. Bob gives straight hie energy. Yeah, I feel it All hie all day. It's like a vein like structure. That's you, Bob. I'm pretty veiny. Yeah. We'll move on to an easier one for you. Fish. Aren't all fish kind of fish shaped? No. Listen. Okay, so we just took James to the aquarium, so I have a lot of fish fresh in the brain right now. They All look exactly the same.


No. Well, oh, okay. Kind of. A lot of them do. But I you, I actually saw, I saw this one and thought to myself, oh, kinda reminds me of Wade. I don't think it's very flattering, but I'm gonna stick to the truth. That's okay. But there's a part in the Newport Aquarium where there's a eel tank and it's like those yellow, like neon yellow eels. It's the, it's like the eel from Super Mario. 64, but it's not that big. It's like the Moray Eels. I think they were morays. They're the neon yellow ones. Anyway, there's like the way the display set up, it's like the eels live in this shipwreck and literally we walked up to it and one of 'em was just like, Oh, And stuck just his head out of the shipwreck port and was just like, Hey.


And just stood there and looked and something about it. I was just like, man, it makes me think of wave. I don't know if the voice impression gets flattering. He matched energy in a way that I could not, it was inexplicable yellow Feel. I don't, mark is hard to pin down. Mark. Marcus crab is a crab a kind of fish? I don't think so. Different King. Not kingdom, but different. Phil. PHUs, different PHUs. Completely different. PHUs. I'm just gonna share my screen because this is, this is basically what I saw. Hey, that's what I saw. And that's the thing where I was like, somehow weight, energy.


I get that. Yeah, I, I see it. It's a yellow eel for the listeners. You're welcome. Mark. How do you feel about this one? Which one? A Hairy frogfish. How dare you? You son of a bitch. I'll Kill you. Maybe I'll kill you. Oh my God. It's the first one that spoke to Me. That's awful, man. That's, that's terrible. Oh, it's got legs. Oh, it's got stumpy little feet. Yeah, that's the, that's the kind of fish that doesn't swim very well. And it, they have it, they have like nose pieces that are like fake worms that are bait and then they have their bottom, they're like, bottom fins are more like little proto legs and they like hop, which is why they're frog fish.


They literally sit on the bottom and dangle their nose bait. And then when something gets in front of them, they're all, and they just hop at it and try and smash it. That Horrible. What About the blue one mark? The blue hairy frogfish. I Don't know. Is that even real? It looks, looks like ai. If we're looking at the same blue one, I don't know. I Don't know. It's, I just, it's on the thing. It might be His thing. Ooh, all of this is terrible. Hey, you Know Bob didn't have an idea, so I submitted one. I don't know, maybe it missed the mark. I feel a revenge forthcoming. No, Bob and not many people know that this is a fish whale shark. Ooh, it is a fish. Fish. Not a shark. Very Smart. I Like that. Yes. Yes. See? Yeah. I love Whale sharks. I love shit with confusing names.


They have whale sharks at the Atlanta Aquarium. Really? How do they even contain it? They are very large, gigantic, Like whale sized. Yeah. You, they have this giant exhibit, the, at the Atlanta Aquarium where you can go and stand and they, they, they'll swim right in front of you. That's crazy. I like that. That's interesting. Yeah. I would say I like if, if a basking shark was a type of fish, I would've said that. I do feel like the whale shark has the vibe of a thing that was named by the first 3-year-old that ever encountered it because it popped up and someone clearly was like, ah, what is that? Oh, it kinda looks like a shark. Ah, but it's the front. It's big. Is that a whale? And then they didn't look any further into it to find out that it's neither a shark nor a whale.


But isn't that the dory's friend from finding Dory that can't see very well. That's the one. Isn't that a whale shark? I've not seen that one, so I don't know. I don't remember. I thought it was a very southern name. Like, can't swim. Why whale sharks here? Well, Mark, mark really enjoyed that one. Whale sharks. Not again. Not, no, it's not. Again, move on. On, Oh, move on whale. All right, I'm out of things And thus ends The episode. It's gonna do birds, but Just cut it right there. All right. I'm out of things. You guys wanna do birds? You wanna stop there? Birds or move on? I only know like barnyard birds and I don't, neither of you guys is a chicken or any variety of chicken About like an ostrich or a hawk or a eagle.


Yeah. Well, you Could be ostrich. Yeah, I I get that Bald and I shove my head in the ground. You suggested it. You suggested it. But yes. Trying to think of the funniest bird I can think of. Wade, you are Iago Dude. Gilbert. Godfrey is awesome. A lot of stuff that Gilbert Godfrey said that was supposed to be jokes made me cringe too. I could see it, but also legend. Very Funny. Could Mark be I'll let you, I'll let you guys go then I'll, I'll throw mine out at the end. Oh, mark, I know who you are. You're the captain of the penguins from Madagascar. You're the lead penguin guy. Ooh. All right. I'll take it. You always have a plan and you know how to put people into the right positions to make things happen.


And although they are portrayed as goofy characters, they also succeed quite frequently at what they're doing. Of all the animals that actually do look and maybe act like you, I'm just gonna say a barn owl or some type of owl. The aesthetically it's got the shape of the head is kind of similar to an owl shape. The fronds and eyes always watching and then, yeah, always observant and actually 90% feathers. Yeah, No, I was gonna say, have you guys seen an owl's legs? Look that shit up. I saw an owl's legs sticking out of a bush.


All Wizard of Oz style. Owls are a deadass lie. They look all chunky and like, nah, you lift up their skirt and they got little full stick legs in there. It's fucking weird. Yeah, that is. But I'll take that. I like barnells. I like that. That's a good one. Owls are cool. Plus I never remember anyone's name, so I actually do say who? Kind of a lot. Bob, I had you down as a spectacle. Ider What? An arctic turn. What is this? No, Bob. That's wrong. Spectacle. Ider. I How do you spell Ider? Like E-I-D-E-R. What is, did you know that or did you look that up? No, I looked these up. Okay. But it looks like it's wearing glasses. Doesn't really look like it's wearing glasses.


It kind of looks like it got nose. It's got its nose run over by a, a forklift, but I'll take that. That's a cool looking water bird. It's a water bird. Waterfowl. That's okay. I think Bob specifically is a, actually a Cape Coral burrowing owl. Well, I think Wade looks like a rose spoon bill. How do you spell that? Rose eight spoon bill, like it sounds. Ooh, That's pretty. I had marked down as a tufted puffin. Ooh. Because they're tiny. I don't know. I like the blonde hair. Cuffed puffin. A tufted. Puffin it. I'm watching a lot of puffing rock lately.


Ames just really into that. It's a puffins are cool. Love puffins. We're This is, okay. Random sidetrack. Before we hit the end here, were puffins randomly a huge fucking deal for you guys in like elementary school or was that a thing that like someone in our school is just really hot on puffins? I swear to God, there were entire teaching units when I was in like third, fourth grade where it was like every, it wasn't like everyone picked a different animal. It was everyone learned about puffins. It was all about puffins. There were multiple books about puffins fiction books, about puffins living out their puffin lives. I, I swear to God, like two years of my elementary school time was focused primarily on puffins and learning how to count.


And I don't understand why that happened, but it's like very burned into my memory. I have no idea. I can't relate to this. I don't think that I even learned about puffins until high school. I've always thought it was so weird. I don't know. Some teacher I had was just like all about puffins for some reason. I don't understand. I mean, they're cool, but they're kind of just birds that live on the side of cliffs. Yeah, I truly don't know. Maybe Not that I remember. I'll wrap up there though. We've been going a bit and we went through a lot of different animals. So I got a lot of points to tally up here. Charlie, this one's for you. If you're asking me if like get small dog energy. So you're welcome. You inevitably watch this in the summer apparently.


'cause you're behind. I'm a dick. I only ever shout out friends on this podcast if I'm criticizing them for something. They've all told me that and I think it's true. Hey, we're as nice to everyone else as we are to each other. That's True. All right, lemme go through points here. Bob, you got points for It. Doesn't sound good. Furnace. Cold, bad sticky. One shot. No one. No sticky. Then one shot. 'cause the gun. Not sticky. One shot, that's something else. Mexican hairless, Afghan hound, bugs life. Caterpillar, mantis ivy, all rods. Watermelon, yellow eel, yago and rose. Eight spoon. Bill, mark. You got points Four.


Small gun jam. That was my joke. Yeah, but it was okay. It was gun Jammed. Brave sharing. Japanese chin cockroach. Whoing. Willow. Hy. HYPF something. Pho. It looks like it says hy. I don't know. Hy. My pen started dying. So I had a really hard time writing this down. Was that the bacteria again? Didn't he call us a Hy Hy or Something? Hy? Yeah, That Might be what it is. Whale, shark, ostrich, heart degrade and barn owls. Bob, you got a total of 5, 10, 13 points. Mark, you got a total of 5, 10, 11, 12.


We should do one more. No. Oh shit. Oh my God. 13. 13. Mark. Do you happen to have the wheeler? Do you want someone else do it? I got blacksmithing 3D printing fucking dinosaurs. Marla one v Preg and met Mo. I vaguely recall what this is for. I remember that episode. Yeah, I dunno about that one. Did you ever get Avo Pro bud? Oh, you know, still working on it. Yeah. It was a tough nut to crack that one. Guys, I shouldn't have this happen. Oh no, not me. Oh No. Yeah, whatever. I don't think you've ever actually done one of these yet.


Oh wait, I have it. What? What are the percentages supposed to be here? What does it say there? Right now I have 46. 46 and eight. Oh, on the Yeah, that, yeah. So 10% chance now. So it should be 40. Yeah. 45. 45 and 10. Yeah, Probably. That seems like one out 10 of these. I would have to do a one man show and I don't know about that. Interesting. All right, well there might be an ad 'cause that's apparently how this website wants to be, but here we go. Go ahead and share. Oh, that's a big slice. Yeah, it, I don't like it. I don't know if that's visually accurate, but it feels bad. Are you ready boys? Yep. Let's do it over with.


Oh, come on. Okay. Does that mean Bob wins? Bob wins that way. Say, look, we have a winner. It's me. Woo. Well, really dodged a bullet there, mark. It feels like you want the one man show. I do. Well, I don't want to do it, but I want him to do it. Oh, that's true. This would've been a good time for that to come up As the one of us who has actually performed a one man show written by their friends. Hence the inspiration for this punishment. It's not fun, not a fun experience. It is absolutely not a fun experience. I think That's the first time I've had to do a wheel spin. I'm gonna just start manufacturing ties to get more wheel spins. So next time is 12% one man show.


Well, congrats Bob. You wanna give us a winner speech? Sure. Feels good to win when you earn. It feels even better to win when you don't earn it. And today I am the latter one of those. So it's delicious and delightful. And honestly I liked a lot of mark's answers, so that was a tight one. And it you good, good, good show. Good show chaps. I don't know why I, I feel like I haven't felt this in a while, but I, I just really needed this. I guess, you know, I really needed this right? Thanks guys. Well, I didn't want it to happen. So, huh? Mark Los should be. I think that my inferiority complex is only gonna get worse from here on out.


My, you know, my bullets are too small. My gun jams too much. My knives are D two and not whatever the better one is. My phone is old, my hair is too long. My legs are too short. My thighs are too wide. Everything about me is just the wrong direction to go. And I don't forget the midface. Terribly enormous. So I think that this Big truck, small man, This is the moment. My truck's too big. This is the moment where I, you know, will do the opposite of everything I've ever instinctively done from this point. Because I need to rectify this loss and this series of losses that I'm discovering in my, what's the biggest bullet?


Well, I'm gonna look it up. What is the biggest, I, I assume some artillery p Well, I guess what counts as a bullet, artillery is not a bullet. Oh my God. Either this guy has tiny, tiny, teeny tiny hands, or this is the girt bullet I've ever seen. Holy shit. Anyway, I'm gonna go for that to compensate for all of my shortcomings. Then I will start winning. For sure. No matter how sticky you make it, there's no way that bad boy's gonna struggle to eject. Apparently the world's largest bullet was fired from the Swer Gustav, a German siege cannon used during World War ii.


Alright, listen, I don't know what the tactical definition of a bullet is, but the Gustav gun was terrifying. If you don't know about it, you should look it up. The bullet was made of solid steel and weighed over 7,000 pounds was over eight feet long. Oh, that, oh, wasn't It fired like 40 miles or 60 miles or some crazy fucking thing? It's Absurd. They've got people standing around it that are like half of its height. Yeah, it's like a bullet. The size of a small building, wasn't it? It's a bull. It's built to buy the Nazis to destroy France is apparently what that intention Was. Think about the pipe cleaner you would need for that. Jet That Guy on the train at the Gustav Post. The triggers like, ah, Damn, That's a whole project, right?


You build a city to solve that problem. Good episode gents survived a wheel spin. So I'm pretty happy. I don't really care who wins. I'm just glad I didn't have to do the one man show. But we're getting closer. Thank you all for watching and or listening, but especially watching. Take you of the next one. Will Bob will host and we'll do something. Until then, follow us. Bob, my market, market player, me at min seven seven or Lord Min 7, 7, 7. Until then, podcast out.