
This episode a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah, so true. Oh, there you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you. Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Biblical Bob gets barrister that beats the boys into choosing between the Ian and large mft.


Mark loves lava, has a ball bashing buddy and drowns in Pet Pearl Wag. Wade has a pro saver, avoids penny farthings and loves it loose, never tight from delays, dog doctors to popping pills. Yes, it's time for Big or Small part two. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. All right? Let's do a fun episode. Everybody keep it up. Keep it light Bold. I like the directional jazz hands. I call those jizz hands. Hello everybody and welcome back to your favorite podcast.


Boy, I hope Wade's video from one second before I started this introduction is included in this episode. Nope, No. Yeah, welcome back. This is Distractible, the show where I'm the host because I won last week and my two friends who are here with me will be competing to win this week and then they host the next one and there's points and we write them down on things. And the rules don't really matter because let's be honest, most of us forget them halfway through each episode and just arbitrarily do whatever the hell we want. I mean, it's not arbitrary though 'cause that's against the rules, but I forget the rules exist so maybe that doesn't matter. Anyway, my name's Bob. I'm the host and my competitors for today, as per huge Mark and Wade, say hi, mark and Wayne. Hi, I'm Mark.


Hi Mark and Wade. Oh Well at least one of you can follow instructions. Yeah. Wade, follow instructions. Nerd loser. I can't hear very well 'cause I'm bald right now. You tweep. Look at this Wade. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Pull your car to the side of the road and look what I'm doing. Can I milk your thumb? Milk it Editors. Make both of them blow up. Make both of them explode and the bathtub from way back. The next part we usually do is small talk. It's been been like a week since we hung out and did this. So some cool stuff must have happened, right? What's going on? Cheek is fine. Oh good. That's convincing. Be very Careful with that word, that combination of words.


My dogs are fine. Did not end well for me. My dog is fine. Chick is fine. She's fine. Just say it at least five more times. It'll be way more convincing. God this is an ugly face. That's a good One. That one's a special gift for the viewers I guess. Well I only care about them. We know that. We learned that Pulled over for the thumb milking. They stay for the wade face. Yeah, that's good. That's good. Listen, she's fine. She's had diarrhea for a few days in a row and then this morning she puked and she puked undigested food from the night before. So I'm like, I looked that up and it's like possibly an obstruction or either way food isn't passing through the stomach, which is a problem. so I had to take her to a vet.


Going to an emergency vet is the biggest time sink you could possibly ever imagine. I called one place up first and they went through the whole process of taking all the information, like getting everything written down or like name, you know, all the, for the records. And it took like 10 minutes to get through all of it 'cause he didn't understand what I was saying. And then at the end of that he said All, right, the current wait time is about three hours and that's from the moment that you walk in the door. And I'm like, that doesn't sound like an emergency, that doesn't sound anything like that. so I go to this other place, I call ahead and they're like, yeah we're open. You know, not busy right now but the doctor doesn't come in for another hour. And I was like perfect, I'll go there, get there early, I'll be first in line.


And I was, but then I waited an hour even after the doctor arrived there. And then I was in the waiting room for like a long time and then the doctor rolls in. I didn't see it came in through the back door in a secret entrance apparently. But I go in the subdivided room and then I'm waiting there with Chica for another hour. And then they finally come in and there's like, okay. And then they take her and I'm waiting in the waiting room again for another two hours. And meanwhile I'm just like, she is just back there. Can't can't you come out. It can't be like constant testing. And then, you know, finally they, they call me into the room again. They're like, oh we got the results in. I go into the room where she's not there. Sit there for another 30 minutes in the room before someone finally comes out and says, yeah here's here.


We didn't find anything while the blood work is comprehensive and I'm glad that they did all that. And she's fine. They, they sent off a stool sample for the lab. That's all fine. I brought in that stool sample myself. I was thinking ahead, good boy. And then they were like All, right? We're just gonna give her this medication. Here's the charges, we're gonna get this and we'll be right out the door. I was not right out the door. It was another 45 fucking minutes. I almost fell asleep in the waiting room literally by then it was jam packed. But it was like I go in the small room where she wasn't and then I'm told to leave the small room where she wasn't. I was like, couldn't you have come out to the waiting room, whatever. so I sit there and I almost fall asleep and finally I pay them a lot of money and then I wait a little longer and then there's Chica. I wish You'd told us 'cause Bob and I have been sitting here in a call for eight and a half hours waiting for you.


I appreciate that. Yeah I appreciate That I, I thought of this and now I'm too ashamed to say it sincerely, but I still would like everyone to hear it. They made you come into the back room to give you the information privately because there's the papa laws. I give myself minus one point for papa. We're not going any up from here. It's all down. That's the peak. It's funny you mention that because I've got some small talk news that's bigger than me. Like Six five July 25th car Lee Costello wrote a nice article in health called Surprise Hair Loss breakthroughs, sugar Gel Triggers Robust Regrowth. Oh Apparently there was some kind of study going on where they were doing something with mice, which is pretty typical and they put this sugar gel on mice.


I don't even think it was supposed to be for hair loss, it was supposed to be for something else. But they noticed that when they used the sugar gel on the mice, they were like, their fur started growing back better and thicker than previous things had. And they were like, huh, How wait is it mice with like a little bald patch on the top of their head? How? How are these mice balding? I Just, I don't know what they had done but I think they, whatever they were doing to the mice before, they didn't expect the fur to grow back I think. What were they doing that needed sugar? Is this just sugar in gel form? You say sugar gel? Yeah. What is this gummy bears or what is this? Diox ribose gel. Oh doesn't that DNA It doesn't sound like sugar But researchers have found it worked just as well as Minoxidil, which is a topical treatment for hair loss commonly known by the brand name Rogan.


Wait, so it's not better. How, Dude, I read the article five days ago. How's That a breakthrough? If it's not better than the current treatment Saying but different is still a breakthrough mark. Okay, come on. I think that they found that this was working and now they're gonna like it was by complete accent that wasn't what that was intended to do. And now they're like, huh, that's crazy. We should investigate this further. I think we're at that step where we don't quite know yet. We gotta experiment. We just gotta put random things on your head. Let's start with tapioca, we'll move to Elk's blood and then we will try lava for like a quick second just to see, you know, it might work Dude. Imagine if lava Works. We won't know until science. Nice icy hot lava and then absolute zero ice.


Yes. You have some Doesn't everyone absolute zero calories in my absolute zero ice. I I it sounds like you should get some sugar gel. are you gonna, are you saying you're gonna try this or I Mean I'm gonna wait till they do a little bit more research on it. But The thing about this is, unless it's something more than it sounds like it is, it doesn't sound like it can hurt you. What sugar, what sugar gel gonna do that's bad. Make you sticky. Yeah, exactly. What's it gonna give your head? Diabetes probably not. Diabetes is in the feet. We all know I caught skin a beatus. It's just diabetes of my head skin from all the sugar gel. Well anyway, Wade, that's a great breakthrough. Hey it's very important.


You could do what almost every influencer who's balding does and fly to Turkey. Apparently that's the, that's the thing. And there's a horrific picture of like a try tobia picture of a plane full of people who just had it. Oh no, I don't know if you've ever seen pictures of who had just, just got like the hair transplant surgery is, is horrifying to look at and then it's a picture, it's a picture in a plane from seeing all these heads from behind and they're just, it's just everyone has Just, is this the follicle replacement or like the strip? Ah, It's the follicle implants isn't it? You know what it reminds me of? Yeah there's that one doll head in Sid's room in Toy Story where it has, it has the hair like that.


It always reminds me of that. Yeah, no I get it. I definitely get that if I, I might be starting to thin out at the front here a little bit and so I don't know what's gonna happen. Baldness does kinda run in some of my family. Me too. I don't know. I don't think I can do shaved head. I don't know exactly what route to take. I, I might just have to wear hats 24 7. I'm not entirely sure. I guess I should start putting sugar in my hair and not in my mouth. That'll treat both my diseases. You just Gotta go to Turkey. I don't know what happens at the Turkey International Airport, but you step off that plane, 10 men jump out with dark cloaks and razors. You'll Be, it's not at a hospital, it's just you go, it's like one of those 10 minute hotel nap hotels at the airport but it's a hair transplant.


I have a a hair person who shaves my head who swears by going to Turkey for different things. Is this serious? Yeah. Yeah actually What is the benefit of having her shave your head? I have really thick hair in the back and there are times where I just flat out don't have time to do it 'cause it actually takes a very long time to get my head as smooth as I'd like to get it. So days like before I'm gonna about to travel 'cause we're doing like a family photo in Minnesota. It's like didn't have a lot of time today. So rather than me spending two hours and like then Molly be like Hmm, you left the spot. You left the spot. I'm like damnit, I just go there and have them do it 'cause it's quick. He's got a bald guru. She also apparently is just like has all kinds of, she listen I could talk about that lady for a while.


She's so fast. She's the most fascinating person I've met. Is she from Turkey? Why? How does she have so many Turkey connections? No, I think she's from Russia actually. That's closer to Turkey than we are probably. But yeah she's got a love web and she loves to go into like what's going on in her love life when we talk and it's always so fascinating. But that's neither here nor there. But she, she's big on like telling people to go to Turkey because when I came in and she thought I was 10 years older than I am, she was like, have you thought about going to Turkey and having them do something? Yeah. So you don't look so old. And I Was like, that's the thing. Yeah I Could, she's very blunt. Very blunt. But I found something in the article about the mice, they were studying how sugars healed the wounds of mice when applied topically.


Oh so the mice had like lesions or wounds that like no longer had hair growing on them and they put this on there to help heal the wounds and they were surprised whenever it was also growing fur back. No. Yeah, sugar is good for wounds 'cause it's hydroscopic sugar. Sugar really sucks the juice, you know. So they haven't actually, as of the time of me reading this article, this doesn't mention them doing any human studies on it, but they were, I've done it with mice and they're like wow, that's actually pretty effective. Molly sent me that and I was reading it. I was like, that's kind of Fascinating. Molly's sending not very subtle hints. Hey look at this new treatment breakthrough for baldness Every now and then. I, I wonder, I'm like, do you really like be bald? Yeah, yeah it's great. I'm like falling asleep. She likes to browse right when she goes to sleep it's like what?


What are you browsing over there? You, You wake up and she's standing over you with a big vat of sugar gel just like so no, sorry, sorry. Are you hungry Cereal? Where's my head sticky? Anyway, that's all I got. I mean that's why her house smelled like maple syrup. She got a bunch of sugar gel for You. Have you looked at the names on this research article? Have you looked closely at these names? These No, I don't know Mark. What's it say? I was imply, I was implying that your wife was named on the Oh I was trying to imply that she was one of the Researchers in this. I see. No I get it because the maple syrup cat piss event was way back before this research occurred. I'm so smart. That was too clever Mark. Too clever point for you.


You know Carly ends in a wine, so does Molly. Coincidence. Oh my god. Editors play the X-Files theme. Yeah and let it go way too long. Just keep playing, keep it going. Keep For some reason we're getting copyrighted man. Pop tier small talk this week guys. You both accrued several points over the course of that. Anything else before we move on or everyone happy? Nah, I'm good. I Don't think so. No. Okay guys, I have a reprieve for you. I've been doing a lot of episodes lately where, where I'm asking you questions that have objectively correct answers. It's been fun but I wanna, I wanna give you a nice kind of an easier one.


So this week we're gonna have some discussions that have subjectively correct answers. Okay? And we don't have to agree, but if you pick the wrong answer it's gonna be hard to earn points. Okay? So there's no right answer, but if we pick the wrong answer we don't get points. No, there is a right answer. It just is subjective. But there's one right answer to each question anyway. But There's no wrong answers. There are definitely wrong answers. We've done this before. It's Big or Small too. Everybody. Oh okay. Oh Yeah. What Was that? You don't remember that? No, I remember the teeth. Bigger small teeth. We had quite the discussion All right now I remember. Yes, yes. So, so this is, we're gonna debate, I have a list of things we're gonna debate whether it would be better to have Big or Small and it's all very relative and there is a correct answer for each one.


But it's completely subjective and we'll, we'll figure out what it is. Will we be able to ask qualifying questions about like how big? Oh no. Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna define the scenarios. Okay? So, and I've got like the softest of softballs to start with. Dog Big. And I'm not talking like chica versus like weights or my dogs. Oh I see. I'm talking like Clifford the big red dog size of a house or like a dog that you could ride in your breast pocket. Like what could be tinkerbells dog. I'm gonna jump right in front of this. If it's Clifford Big, you gotta go small because Chica at her current size punches me in the balls. I do not want to take a full sprint ram into my crotch.


I will be torn in half the clothes I'm wearing will be found in the next county and then my testicles they, they'll just obliterate on impact. I'll be dead. But you know it's bad. Let me, let me back backpack with that Mark. You were talking about Chico a little bit ago, being sick and when sick puppies have vomiting or diarrhea they can make quite the mess. Oh God. Clifford's a big red dog having a tummy ache. Oh the neighbor's house is getting a new paint job. Oh God. You know if you don't let her out in time she gotta go like you just drowned Neighbor's. Like I don't remember us having a pond and you're like, we didn't, you're like in Your office down the hall like working.


You're just on your computer, And it in their distance. You just hear like a rumbling, like a whooshing rumbling like oh no in the house. No God it's like a flood. I was originally thinking to myself, I was like we've already got small animals. You can have like a pet gerbil or mouse. Like you don't want a dog that small. A big dog would be so much fun. But then feeding it, Part of me wants the big dog so bad. I always thought I love those books. I love Clifford, the big red dog pa. Part of me is like I would take big, I want the biggest dog. And Imagine Clifford is a puppy. Like whenever they're a little bit aggressive and you're trying to play And it like accidentally nips you, you lost your arm. The the rest of me, which is 98% of me is like go small.


How? How small? Like this small in the palm of your hand. Small Like dangerously small, you know, it doesn't have to be a specific size measurement but like small enough where it's like if you're cuddling in bed, be careful. So like a mouse size or smaller like a Little hamster. Oh man. Well actually no you can take care of a hamster I guess in comparison you just wouldn't treat it the same way as a dog, right? Oh a little dog in a Hamster ball. Oh You could have a little dog backpack thing with like that could climb up. Oh you could, you know hamster paths where you like goes around your whole house. You have like doggy paths. Definitely small. I go small. Alright, Well I told you that was an easy one and small is the correct answer. So good work everybody Good?


Good, good, Good. Immediately we went with Mark went with the balls and I just immediately thought of all the shit The, the initial response for me too was definitely big. But what you think about that? Hmm? Big furry dinosaur. We're gonna keep it easy but I'm interested in this one bicycle. It's a bike that you need. I don't know if you need to ride it to work but it's a thing that you like, you like doing it something you do regularly. The smallest bike that you can physically ride. So it does not like so small that you can't ride it. It is a bike and you can ride it. Or the biggest ride bike you could physically wrangle into technically riding it around. Which of those is preferable? Ego says man I want the big one. Put me on that big bike.


But I, I still think small because if it's gonna be that awkward to handle either Big or Small, if it's small at least you're not falling as far it's big and you crash that fucker, you're falling a distance. It's a concern having been through a few bike wrecks. Yeah, I don't wanna be any higher up off the ground when I go flying. Is This like a lifted truck situation with you've got monster truck wheels and you like at certain point you start have to start having bike nuts and then probably a Trump flag like let's be honest, Okay let's bike nuts like the little textiles that hanging from the Back. Yeah like truck nuts. But bike nuts. Is it like the little paper that you put on your wheel but it's the balls that are flapping up and down that hits the smack though golf, It's one nut on each side of your back spokes and they're just like flapping violently as they wang around.


Oh man. You know, that's as tempting as that sounds. But yeah Wade it brings up a good point. I mean you could have really wide wheels. I guess my my thing for this to, to limit the bigness would be you have, you can't have to have like a special building to need to get onto the bike. I would say it would, it would be more a matter of like it being very long and tall but like not so tall you couldn't climb up on it Maybe with like a step stool or something. But like this isn't like you need a two story building where you hop off the roof of the building onto the top of the bike situation. It's more just like a big, like the biggest bike that a person could reasonably ride If I'm coming up over, there's an overpass, right?


It's it's should I be worried about that overpass? It's like 10 foot seven and I'm staring at it at eye level. Is that how big It's gonna be like rollercoasters where you know when you're on a rollercoaster and you're going under and you're always kind of like, huh. But actually there's like a lot of space. It's like that, that level. There Are too many trees that don't get trimmed. At least in Cincinnati. The right level. No that's True. Where branches hit your car, your truck. If you're on a bike and you're getting whacked with fucking tree branches and power lines. On my normal size e-bike, there's already a lot of trees in the face Action on some of the That's true. Just walking as six foot or taller, you get hit in the face with fucking trees much less on your big bike.


I guess I, I just can't relate to this experience but I, I defer to your wisdom. Well Branches don't grow below six feet. They know better. They just don't do it. You guys have roots you gotta climb over All right? Fine. I'll take my tiny bicycle. This is like the bike that clowns will Yeah this is like you get on it And it like squeaks and you're like It has to squeak. It absolutely has to It it squeaks because it's tiny. Tiny things squeak and this Is effect, I'm not a fan of this bike but like I hate the thought of big bike just like big dog too much negative All right? Well that's the correct answer. We're all in a lot of agreement. I was thinking there'd be more, you don't have to disagree. I just thought assumed that there would be, We are three strapping lads in our prime.


We know what's right. I think this next one might divide us a little bit. Pants Big or Small and we're not not talking on the big end. We're not talking like JCO jeans, we're talking like belong on a different species of two-legged animal. Like so big that it's like a kind of an issue. You can walk around but you have to like lift it up like a hoop skirt. Is it like long legs that are like dragging under your shoes and stuff too? Yeah, not like outrageously long. Definitely way too long and just a lot of material And on the small side definitely thinking like you have to exist and they have to cover you but like just the tightest, smallest like skinniest skinny jeans that a person could One testicle on each side.


Is this what we're talking about here? There's no longer a mystery as to what you're packing in these jeans. Everyone can see everything because they are that small and type Your feet are purple from the lack of blood flow. Okay, well I think big has to be the one because if you go to the Met gala you'll look really chic with your train of jean leg trailing behind you and your team. Of What? A relatable Experience. Oh I'm sorry. Have you never seen the Met Gala? You don't have to experience something to relate it. I've never been there. Imagine yourself on the sun.


Oh look at this guy on the sun. Oh the Fact that I didn't know if you'd been invited to the Met Gala I think says enough. I was like Mark might've been there. I don't know When I'm at Burlington co factory picking out my cargo shorts. The second thought I have once I check the size on the shorts themselves is now how would these make me look at the Met Gala? Because you don't wanna leave that out of the equation when you're talking dressing yourself. The big is definitely stylish. Like the big, there's a lot of big in fashion right now and that's, that's, Yeah I gotta go big too. I feel like girls' pants already, they're already living the super small tight life And. it just looks so uncomfortable.


I don't need a jean in my asshole crotch space man listen, I live my life in basketball shorts. I'm wearing 'em right now. I don't want anything uncomfortable or tight. I like loose fitting. What if it's so big though that it's like out to here and you have suspenders holding it out like that? We got belts, suspenders. You fold it around, make it like a nice little like wrap thing and there's scissors to make it shorter. Look for people like you who are tall, you don't have a lot of people looking down on you. But for me people would be looking at either eye level or below and if they look down, Oh there's Your dick. I I think there's the same problem as the two small pants. I, I feel like that that does run into the, you do need to be fully clothed in the garment so it can, it has to be big like outrageously big but it does have to like cover your bits.


Okay, okay, okay, I gotcha. When we were in high school, the baggy clothes were in right? So like every dude was walking around with a hand holding his pants to play. He walked around. That was the style. I'm imagining that but maybe a little bit wider and long. And I used to be a pretty scrawny dude. Like even when I was like over six foot, six foot two, six foot three, I was very, very skinny and finding any kind of like swim trunks or pants or shorts that fit me right? If they were the right length to be aggy then they were wide enough for two weights to be in there and it's just like your belt, you're fucking like rolling up those pants in the weirdest way to get the belt to make the waist fit Dude. I don't know what hap what people think long pant wearers are in need of.


But I am not a skinny guy. I've been like a big fat guy my whole life. I'm not gonna sugar coat it. I'm fat. I'm, I am. I wear a big belt. I have a large number as my waist size pants that are the right length for me as a tall person are still too big in the waist. Which seems fucked up. I don't wear a small weight. I have big, I'm tall and big. There are stores for us specifically, but they make any pants that are like 32 inches long or more. The waist is like 64 inches. It's like some people wear that size but I have, I'm not, I don't know man, I'm glad that things that fit are more in a little bit now than they were when we were growing up. 'cause like swimming trunks were so hard to find.


If they were gonna cover my knees, it's like well my ass is coming out in these and none of them ever have it where you can actually tighten the waist of like swimming trunks especially have always been the biggest nightmare for me to find. And I'm heavier now than I used to be. So things fit a little bit better in the way that they're designed. But like I have to say, I am a little surprised we're agreeing on big here. I I think I would pick small if I could make a couple assumptions about it. If it's stretchy material it has to, it would still be tight. But if it's stretchy you Said jeans, which are stretchy jeans. There are stretchy jeans and if it's, if I can be promised and guaranteed that I'm not gonna like rip the crotch out, I think I would go small. Well I know I'd rip the crotch Out as a person who has a lot of had how had a lot of pants in my life where like it didn't fit right and I was constantly having to like pull up the waist 'cause I, 'cause I the sizing's messed up.


I wouldn't feel good about how I would look And. it would probably come with some discomfort that I'm underestimating potentially. I would rather have small and just like have pants that stayed on me that I didn't have to fucking carry around with me like a backpack. I get that but man sitting in tight pants is so uncomfortable. I don't know. I don't like tight. Ah Yeah, I'm on fire. I'm on fire. This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist.


That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited talking text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


Alright, next one. And this is gonna apply to you Wade. So maybe this will help you on your upcoming family trip suitcase, Big or Small. There is definitely a right answer to this one. That's what I'm gonna let that slide 'cause I thought you guys actually convinced me a lot and sort of swayed me from, there's a correct answer to this one. Suitcase, Big or Small. Are we allowed to talk about it before we just say Yeah we can. We can talk it through. Is it big, even the small one, is it big enough to actually hold the stuff you need to bring, It holds enough things that you will survive your trip but it definitely does not hold even 80% of the pile of every single thing you might wanna bring with you on this trip. But it holds enough where it's like you're not gonna not have a toothbrush, you're not gonna not have any clean clothes with you, but you're not, you're gonna, you're gonna have a very Spartan experience on this journey.


Okay? And big is like so big that what? Like you have to check it and even then it's a pain. Big, big is when the luggage guy, you know when you get your bag in there and they put it on the train, your suitcase is another train car in the chain of suitcase cars. It actually has a flatbed that it sits on. 'cause it doesn't fit into the shelf like the rest of them do. They, They have to tie it to the wing with some nylon and straps. When you get to the front of the line and the person who checks your bag and look, they look at your bag and they go and they start reaching to get something out and they got like special tags and things. They got Chalk. They gotta, It's a whole experience to get that bag checked in.


That's how big it is. Small. It's gotta be small. You can have, okay you can, checking a bag usually costs extra but you can usually have at least carry on in a personal item. And for me, backpack, really small suitcase, I'll get by. If Molly and I are sharing a bag, dear God we need big, but I'm gonna assume this is for me and that's her problem. Give me small But not only whenever I go to the Met Gala When you're flying to the Met Gala. Yes, yes. I like to fly your Big Fan With my diamond medallion status. I get free check bags baby. Make 'em as big as they make 'em. It's not my problem. I pay for that problem to go away.


I'm sorry you don't have this luxurious experience that I do. It don't matter how big it is, how are you gonna Get it there man? If it doesn't fit in your trunk, My trunk. You think I'm bringing my own bag to the airport with me? I'm carrying it. It I'm gonna the Met Gala. How dare I think about the normal person? You're right. Yeah. Excuse you, excuse me. I'm, excuse me. Excusing you Big. I'm glad you picked Big Mark because it's subjectively incorrect. All, right? I mean subjectively but also objectively. I think we all know that that's true and that's bonus points to Wade Too Small is annoying. But like especially flying outta Cincinnati man, even if you were in first class, the, the little luggage things are so tiny you have to check your bag.


Yeah and I don't know if you guys flew recently during the cyber truck strike. I thought what it was called CrowdStrike Man. Oh man. CVG. The bag graveyard that it was, I learned a new appreciation for even if you can check a bag, maybe you shouldn't sometimes. Especially if you have a layover. So going small, I don't have to worry about that shit again. That seems good 'cause my God, was that something to witness Coward? Yep. You know what I'm, don't tell me. Pick him up. I I actually also exclusively fly first class 'cause I am also Diamond Medallion plus member. Alright. Jesus, You've assholes. So I would go personally I would go big but I think we all know the correct answer is small.


So Wade, Oh well if two out of the three people that matter in the world say that it's big, wouldn't that, wouldn't that have subjectively make it the right answer? That would probably objectively make it the right answer. But subjectivity applied liberally to the situation. I just wanna point out that he said I matter. He implied that you mattered. There might be a third other person who's not here right now who, who is, who's actually in that list. Don't count your chickens before they're in first class Editors reveal the webcam of the mysterious fourth member of the podcast. Anyway, Anyway, good effort. Everybody All, right?


This one I'm gonna need to explain a little bit, but I Small final answer, You might be right. Medicine, pills, medicine. Oh it's, it's a thing of if it's small it's like you have to take a hundred of 'em. You know, small pills, they're tiny that you swallow handful at a time. But to get the full amount of medicine you have to take, you take like, like just an unreasonable amount. Like at least a few dozen pills some amount. That's like a lot of pills to take. But they're very small. Can you Butt chug them? Well that's not a right now question. Yeah, you can always butt chug. Always. You don't have to ask us for permission. Big in this case would be, obviously you can take it orally like in the same way that you would take the little ones.


But it's about the biggest thing that you could physically get down your hole. It's not like you have to force it down. You do like put it in your mouth, drink some water, swallow it like a pill. But it's like you look at it and you're like, ah. TikTok update from a while ago. Did you guys ever follow the journey of I think his name was Bevo? Yes. You lost me at TikTok update. I've talked about him on this show before. Yeah. Yeah. So his story ended with him in the hospital I think With a ruptured esophagus. So wait, this is what it, I'm gonna gesticulate what he did. Look at, look at me. Look at me. Wait, look at me. You know, you know the rules.


Big ups, Jesus Christ, big ops beans. Mm. I said something right before but then it's like a imagine a whole baked potato, right? Jesus. Not so bad. That's so his stick to explain it to you Wade, since you clearly don't know his whole stick, is he, he says a bunch of shit and then he always goes, you know the rules and the rules are apparently you have to take this much into your mouth as physically possible. And so he's always eating something and whatever it is, he always goes big ups whatever, you know the rules.


Oh that's delicious. And s swallows it whole. It sounds like a ruptured esophagus or a blockage. It sounds like he's about to choke to death And there are a couple specific videos where he gets like a huge bite and he's all but he survives. Well Yeah, you always survive until you don't. Yeah I don't think he does it anymore. Well He lived, he's still alive As far as we know. It's like the girl who bottled farts that ended up in the hospital. 'cause she was doing so much like unhealthy food stuff in order to make more gas. What the fuck? No that's true. That's true. She was selling gamer girl farts in a jar and she was eating on a large amount of unhealthy. I think it was maybe a lot of beans or cheeseburgers or something so she could fart more where? Yeah but it was like messing up her body.


Did you say where You can't get a No you can't get it anymore Mark. It's not available. It's not available. Where can I Buy it? The farts all done Ben smelt. So You're saying the farts are floating out there in the atmosphere So you're probably smelling one right now. Just it's in there. All I gotta smell is I got cam four I, I've been putting it on my hands because I get sore hands from editing. Mark, you already gave your final answer. Do you want to elaborate on it? are you, I mean as clear here, the reason I brought up bevo was evidence to the small is because if it's big, it's a terrible experience. Small. You like mini m and ms. Mini m and ms are the superior m and m form. We all know this. Oh, oh I dunno what happened to me there.


I dunno. Do That. Your dog, you got a dog in, you came out Mark, you got that dog in there. Yeah, Sorry about that Dude. M and m minis and like the little plastic container that was so good. No, minis are definitely on the, in the triumvirate of the the top tier. But I don't know if they claim the absolute top spot or not. For me that's a tough call. What mini m and m peanuts, what would they do? Break a peanut. Oh How would they? Yeah they'd have to break it up into pieces but They would be like crushed peanut bits but then made into peanut M and msm. Okay, this is something Ethan could never ever hope to imagine. I'm laughing at him. You know the peanut nipple, you know the peanut nipple right on a peanut there's a little little nipple there. It's just that, so it's just that coated in chocolate.


'cause you can kind of break that piece off there. And. it would be consistent enough. It'd be like a sunflower seed. Chocolate covered sunflower seeds I've had before and they're very good. You could use the rest of that peanut in a regular peanut m and m. You just have nip ones and regular ones. I Gotta go small too man. I'd love to disagree and give you more ammo Bob. But the small pills, I would rather take a bunch of little pills than one big one. I don't want to after the uveal in my throat, I don't want anything else big in my throat man. Yeah, you guys are really going all in on the same answer here. And I gotta say, as a person who takes a surprising amount of pills, I looked at it recently and I take, I take eight pills a day 'cause I take a vitamin and I take a supplement and I take another vitamin B that we talked about previously. I'm still doing that. See if that helps at all. And the vitamin C pill that I take is spicy 'cause it's, it's acidic.


You know And it when you put the pills in your mouth and that hits your tongue at seven in the morning, you're kind of like, ugh, ugh. That's a lot. I would rather just have one. I understand that it would be difficult but as a person whose daily routine includes an annoying amount of pills, some of which are real tiny like, like four or five of the ones I take are like smaller than a normal aspirin, they're like almost nothing. It's just annoying. You think you drop 'em, you gotta organize them. You gotta, I have a little pill 'cause it's such a pain in the ass to have that many bottles where you're like one of these two of this one. God don't drop any pills. The dog's gonna eat 'em. I'd rather just have one. Did I freeze or did are you guys We're just, we're judging you so hard.


You stupid, You're both wrong idiots. You Just get like a little spoonful of yogurt or mashed potato or something. You put the pills in there and just swallow. It's actually not a bad Idea. I'm, I'm imagining a pill this large. That's what I'm imagining. You have to be able to physically swallow it. There's a limit According to bevo. You could, I Don't think I could swallow that. And I don't mean like you could physically jam it down your throat. It'd have to be a thing where it wouldn't cause you physical harm to swallow it on a daily basis. All Right? Like this, like this big, are we talking like a battery size? I've seen videos of guys and girls swallowing bigger things than that. That's on the upper end of what I was imagining. But yes, somewhere in that ballpark I would happily shotgun one of those bad boys a day as opposed to one of these, as opposed to dropping pills everywhere and fucking, if I swallow this right now and die, will you give me the point that's Worth at least two points I guess.


Yeah. Everyone pull over to the side of the road. You gotta watch this one. Oh gulp, I'm dead. That's two points to mark I guess then. Jesus, I'm getting railroaded here man. Well thankfully he can't compete for any more points now. Right? If he comes back to life, he loses the two points. Just to be clear. Oh, okay. Anyway, interesting discussion. I think. Hey, What's up guys, back from the afterlife here. Wanna finish this episode out strong? I'm gonna cross out dead and take those two points away real quick. Can I get one point? I'm I'm, I'm a ghost man. All, Right? I'll give you one ghost point. Okay Cool. You hear my echoey voice and everything Editors, Editors don't do any of this. Just make him live with what he's done. No, Please. I signed your checks.


That's not even true. None of us signed shit. You're right. But I could call the person who Does? I I know them too. I have their number too. I'll call them and tell them not to listen to Mark. You don't even worry about it. Alright, fine. Well we'll I'll definitely agree and be correct on this Next one insects. And think about it because the, the initial knee-jerk response seems obvious 'cause we're talking like insects the size of a horse or a car outrageously big, right? This is the point. This is un unrealistically big insects or the small, it's not a decrease in overall total mass.


They're just small individual. There's a lot of them. It's swarms. It's the small would mean any kind of insect is just an unbelievable swarm of things that you basically breathe in. But a horse mosquito taking a bite would just instantly kill us. Well, but you could fight, you know, everyone could have like their their mosquito shotgun like you could fight. It's big enough you could fight it off. This Is literally Starship troopers. This is the plot of it. The bugs. Oh that's true. That's true actually. And they were so big that guys with really advanced machine guns were still dying left and right. I don't wanna be hit by the bug shooting plasma acid out of its forehead. Let's set a limit. Let's set a limit. Let's set a realistic limit.


It is big, but let's say that there's no bug that's so big that it poses a threat of death to you on a regular basis. There are bugs right now that threaten us. Maybe there are bugs that are the size of, of small chihuahuas. And it. If it, if it flew up to you, you could just be like, get away. Aren't there already those in Australia right now? Probably. I don't know what the hell goes on down there. They all kinds of crazy shit in Australia. Aren't There mosquitoes like in the Amazon or Australia that are already like the size of a chihuahua? They got farms covered in spiders because spiders fly on the wind 'cause they're made of nightmares and gasoline. I don't even know. Like Australia doesn't count in this because we're talking about the real world. Okay?


I don't know what happens down there. How dare you bring up Australia to my face? Well see with the small, you kind of already have that with gnats. Like gnats are terrible. They're awful, but They can't sting you or anything. And they're still gross. But You said like that in your, in your mouth you breathe them in. But like mosquitoes, like you could get a thousand mosquito bites if you accidentally wander through a swarm of miniature micro mosquitoes. They would be micro mosquito bites. But like they still, you know, like just some, some way that that works out probably in this world. God imagine going outside, like your dog needs to pot and you look out and there's just like several mosquitoes like On the, on the glass slider door.


There's a mosquito, the size of a tennis racket just looking at you like SCUs makes like a Do they get to talk anthropomorphically in this world that we're building? I'm sure. Yes, absolutely. I I think it's way worse if the mosquito looks at you and goes, hey come out here. It's a literal vampire asking for permission. I hate the world of big, but in this I've gotta go big. 'cause like the, the thought of the swarm of tiny mosquitoes covering you outside, That already exists. It already exists. But Nats don't bite you. Nats don't hurt you. They're just no, but I Mean a swarm of mosquitoes would it, it's still occurs like that also is, I Get it, but like if they're so small, like you could barely see them even get them off of you.


Like I Don't want to open that door and have a mosquito filling the doorframe staring at Me. I don't either man. But at least you the enemy you can see rather the enemy. You can't, my Boar spear it. It's nose would through the door like the boar spirit. It would get me Imagine like the little drain, like the hot air goes out from like your dryer and stuff outside. Imagine just a swarm of tiny things just going in there and you're laying in your room and just this cloud of darkness emerges. It's like what is happening? And they just fucking cover you. No ev everything would need like hepa filters. Like you would need mosquito nets wouldn't even work. You'd need like mosquito plastic balls.


I, I don't know about your guys' leaky ass houses with your, with your bug size holes. I got filtration in in central air. It's Not good enough. You need a hazmat suit. If you're gonna have sex, you get a hazmat suit for two 'cause you can't leave it ever. I don't have sex outside like a neander fall. You Can't have it inside. The bugs are everywhere dude. Why? Okay, so we're just dead. Is that what it is? We're just dead. Dead from big dead from small. Is that what the thing is? We're dead but Big. You can at least fight back. You see them. I When's the last time you fought A horse? Well I thought you said smaller than a horse but never. Okay. I did, I did back off from that And say smaller than a horse. How much smaller?


We looking at elk In the range A of like a small dog size, like an eight to 10 pound dog size Small dog. Oh well if it's that, I'm sorry. How many hundreds of times larger is that than a normal insect size? A mosquito the size of a chihuahua, its probus would be through my neck. It wouldn't be able to get my blood because it'd be, it'd kill me. It wouldn't be able to get blood. 'cause it would go right through. Yeah, it'd be fine. No. How many Through you'd never get Zika virus. 'cause the virus would go right out the other side. And, it would never touch you. And I'd be dead before it would even matter. That's Nah, you'd be fine. It's not a stinger. It's like a, it's like a slender little hypodermic needle. You Ever seen a stiletto, a knife?


Not the heel. Now I Feel like these things would not get sustenance very easily. They'd go extinct quickly. The small ones though. I appreciate your commitment to the world building Wayne. And I don't like the picture you're paying. I'm with you. I was Painting a pretty good picture of the doorway mosquito and There's a big mosquito in the doorway. I've got a baseball bat. There's a swarm. It's like what am I gonna do? Hairspray and a lighter. What happens when the lighter runs out? Ooh, Flame thrower. Actually that Actually that would be an incredibly useful and effective strategy. Yeah. Yeah. Well also inside your house, like if you're just like everywhere you go, sure you're gonna burn something down, you're gonna burn your house down. Subjectively speaking, Wade is correct. But that was a very good one and you had a close fight there Mark. I just, wade really went all in and built a whole, painted a picture that I just, I was, I was, I Was world Building.


I was looking at Wade's picture. I didn't see all your stuff. Anyway, next one, next one. Very important toothbrush. It has to be a size that can fit in a pla into your mouth enough to reach your teeth. so I don't know if we're talking about big in terms of like very long. Is it like Yeah the strands of the fiber are just like really, really long. Like broom length. I'm not super clear on what, what kind of big the toothbrush is, but definitely the small one is like you pick it up and it's like a dollhouse toothbrush and you're like, this is like an hour to brush your teeth of just like God, two hours of your day devoted just to brushing Teeth. I mean you don't have to, you know, you brush half and half the time is not specific but it's tiny. It's a tiny little, it's like brushing your teeth with a splinter Here.


Here's what I'm gonna say it. At a certain size, it loses any effectiveness as like a toothbrush, right? Because the bristles, you'd just be one bristle is to get any kind of effectiveness and you can't get any stiffness out of it. At least if you're shoving a broom in your mouth, you're gonna get some plaque off of there. You're gonna stab your gums quite a few times but you're, you know, it would still actually clean something and in a timely fashion. And think of how tough your gums would be afterwards. You'd have the healthiest set of chompers, this side of the Mississippi. And I think that Bigg's the only way to go there. No, No, no small's the way to go here because even if it's small, like you're saying it's not one bristle, it's still gonna be effective. That was part of the rule.


So it's still gonna work like a little doll hair hairbrush. And once you get back from the Met Gala, you just have your butler come in while you're sleeping and brush your teeth for you. That way you don't lose any time during your day. And it's so small. It's basically not gonna be that noticeable. You know, I don't know about Mr. Rich Richardson here, but I've never been to the Met Gala. so I don't know about his experiences being relatable to the common man. That's what I'm here for, is to really grow the salt of the earth. Life is about balance. The ying and the yang. You got your big pants, your small toothbrush. It's all about the ying and the yang. To fit together, you need the small toothbrush. I Dunno what hypothetical world where he has big pants. This is a very strange man. He has odd, fashionable choices. He cannot be trusted about the toothbrush decisions of the world.


Interesting. Well subjectively speaking Mark is definitely correct there. Yeah. So that's a big toothbrush point for Mark. Shit, you know what Wade, I appreciate you taking the other side. I appreciate that. That's very nice of you. You, that's considerate. But you're wrong and you suck. Next one. This one is one I people kind of experience. 'cause there is a range of sizes on this naturally already. But we're gonna talk about this in this scale that's like concerning as opposed to realistic Penis Fingers almost. So it'd be small enough that you still technically have fingers. So just Ima just imagination Long and skinny or like short and skinny, like barely Ooh, long and skinny. That'd be so fragile.


I don't know. I feel like proportional but small. You know the finger men. The finger men from Spy Kids. That's what I'm imagining. No, that is what inspired this. That image haunts me to this very day. I fucking hate those guys. Oh man, look up the Look up the finger guys from Spy Kids. Holy shit. Did I hate that when I would saw that movie as a kid. Oh, so, so we're talking small, but you could still pick small things up. Like they have to function. You have a functioning hand of fingers and there's not, the number is not different, but it's just, they're just unreasonably small. Like you could barely, you could only pick up the smallest of utensils for whatever you're doing. And that, you know, there's a lack of strength. It's, it creates issues. Big is the same, but bake, they have to still fit on your hand.


And they have to still work as fingers. But I think long, I think big needs to be longer, like slenderman esque, like long, like not extra joints necessarily, but like Salad fingers. But they're thick too, right? They gotta be thick and long. They're Out there. They're, they're something I'm imagining you got your pinky toe size finger on each of these. Just a little pinky toe nub on all these. That's small. Okay. Big. It doesn't matter how big, how long if you got big hands, you know what I'm saying? They got a certain, yeah, yeah. A gene seis about it. You know, you, it's a status Symbol in this universe. Are we assuming that That's correct. So that's a, that is a rule that if you have big hands, you have big penis.


Yes. Maybe. Sure. Actually I retract my, no, I was drunk. I accept Your retraction. Well the finger size is now apparently tied to penis size, so I'm gonna give weight a point for being right, right off the bat. He is small is right. No penis was right. Oh, oh, okay. All, right, okay. All, right. I I'm gonna go small though here and there's a very particular reason I'm going small. I'll take my small dick, I suppose, dude, already, there are times where my hands, I don't even have particularly large hands, but there are times where it's just like I can't quite hit the reset button. I can't quite do this. If my finger was just a little bit smaller, the inside of my ears, I get itchy and I need to like, itch my ears sometimes. A big old fucking fist sized fingertip.


I can't itch the inside of my ear. Oh, there's something stuck in my tooth. Let me take my mammoth hand and, oh wait, no I can't. I gotta wait till I can get like a toothbrush or something. I gotta get something. Like I, I need my hands and fingers to fit in things better than they do right now. Any bigger and thicker. And it's like, I can't All, right? Gimme the baby hands and the baby dick. 'cause at least then I could scratch And it and do all their things. Look, Look, my, my opponent raises some good points, but it's called a Q-tip. You know, they're made for the ears. You Keep those on you at all Times. Yes, actually I do all the time. But I, I would like to raise up one point. So even if it was Gargan unfeasibly large, there is one inspiration.


And, and, and Bob, I, I hope you can step outside of, I know you don't like the game, but Elden ring. I'm gonna bring up Elden ring for a second Here. You know, I've actually been played that a lot lately. I'm coming around on it, but go ahead. Okay, Good. Okay. There's a certain weapon in the game, in the base game. It's not a spoiler for the DLC and I'm gonna share, I pulled up a video of it. I think I actually know what you're about to show us. And I don't, There's a weapon here. It's the finger weapon. I Don't care for it. Imagine if your finger was so large that one flick, think of how many rings you could have on it. Bow Woo Bam. You could wear a lot of Eldon rings.


It would be very expensive to get rings the size of that finger. I mean, you gotta finger that big. You can afford it if you know what I mean. But if you have small hands, you can just have like a little hand contraption made that you put your little hands into that are like normal sized hand things and still have functional hands. They're just working the little hand contraption. You, you like these guys? I love these guys. Oh, that the manner, oh god. Yeah. Those hands have have so much hand in them. I hated those things. Yeah, that's, that's just, that's what it'd be. Yeah. Not only that, not only that, but your dick huge Mark is playing a video from, I forget what exactly it's called. It's called the manner, the something Something manner. And Elden Carrying Manor I think.


Yeah, Carrying Manor and Elden ring where there's these big hands that have like eight to 10 fingers each that, that come after you. They Crawl around. They're like thing from Adam's family. But huge. I don't care for those. I don't Small gimme small. You can't shrink them. You can't put big hands into a smaller thing. They're still big hands, smaller hands you can work with. I don't need a small world. When I got big hands, you're Like, you can't hold a big utensil. You fucking wrap that thing to your little hand and all of a sudden Called lips. You know you can pick up anything with lips. Excuse me, you Can pick up anything with Lips. That's it. That seals it. Subjectively Marcus. Correct. You could pick up anything with lips. He got there. I couldn't see the forest through the hair.


I was struggling to figure out who was subjectively winning that debate. Mark just subjectively kicked your ass to the curb. You can pick up anything in the same way that you can milk anything with nipples. You can pick up anything with lips. And that is just a truth of the universe. I just, I hadn't considered it. Like I, I want to fight more, but I have to concede. That's a point I hadn't even gotten to. What a world You and I are playing big, small chess. He's playing big checkers. Wait, that's We're playing. He's playing big small chess. 3.0 Yeah, That's it. All, right. Well that's the end. We've made some astonishing discoveries and important decisions today.


I think most importantly we decided Big or Small on a, a range of new things that now everyone can take and use that information in their daily day lives. And if it ever comes up, you know, which is correct. Mark, you earned points for sick. Chica. Chica fine, too clever small dog bike nuts. Met gala, big thinking diamond medallion life. TikTok update peanut nipples salting the earth dead, but the not dead ghost. Big toothbrush, big Fs and also Elden ring. You earned the point for it. I'm coming around on El, I've played a lot of Elden ring lately. Oh wow. He didn't get any points for the lips. The Elden ring points was also kind of the lips point.


I was writing that as you said lips and I was, you know what? You're right Wade. He should get a point for lips. All, right. Thank you. Oh Mark. Mark. You also got a point for lips. That's Excellent. You know Mark doesn't sign our checks. I gotta do what I can for him. Wade, you earn points for good boy bald Russian bald guru, small dog agreement trees in the face. He survive subjectively correct fart jars Australia with a big angry face drawn next to it. Big insects. Correct. Hazmat suit for two butler brush and penis. Correct. Guess apparently. Oh no. Yeah. 'cause you, it was about penises even though I said it wasn't. It was. You were correct.


It was just, well it was about penises but it was ultimately about lips and those two go hand in hand. That's not how I wanted Those two go. Penis and lips. You got your lip in my penis. You got your penis in my lip. Racist penis. I got minus one point for papa. Oh wait, what did I say? HIPAA papa. The Oh yeah, the papapa violation. That's yeah. No I lo I deserve to lose a point for that. Wade, you earned a total of 14 points today. And Mark, you earned a total of 18 points, but also you lost two points for coming back to life. But that still means you ordered a total of 16 points today.


And I didn't say it out loud, but we were playing most points wins someday. I wanna do least points wins without it announcing that and just throw that in at the very last one. But I don't wanna do that today. That seems mean. But anyway, congratulations to Mark. It was a good episode today. You guys had a lot of back and forth. You changed my mind, you small, my big and big by small on a couple occasions and I, I'm shocked and honestly Wayne, you deserve better. But I treat you poorly because I'm a bad friend. The loser speech. Oh me first. Yeah. This loser speech is brought to you by me. 'cause I lost. I just gotta say I'm glad we agreed on a lot of these things and the few that we didn't. I know in my heart of hearts I was correct. But ultimately the thing that I'm coming away with is that having a house with a bunch of really tiny puppies running around like little hamster mouse cage type tunnels and stuff would be really adorable.


And then just laying on the ground and having a bunch of little tiny puppies like jump up and try to give you kisses and hugs would be awesome. And I'm just gonna take this loss. Thinking about that and feeling like a winner anyway. Feeling like a winner but looking like a loser mark. Winner speech. I like to think big. I'm a big thinker. I got big thoughts. I don't know if I always went big in this game, but I'd like to feel that I did in my heart. My big, big heart. I have a very big heart. The biggest, actually it's problematically huge as my doctor likes to say. I'm just that much of a lover. Look at my fingers, look at my lips. Thank you. Have a good day. Is he so small? Does that just make him average sized? Yeah, well it's a, it's an optical illusion 'cause he is so short.


Anyway, congratulations Mark. That means you're gonna host the next episode. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Thanks so much for listening and watching. Or both make sure you subscribe to the podcast so that you always know when there's new episode ads on Spotify specifically. 'cause that's the only place you could watch the video if you're into that. Oh, you're into that. You know you are. Yeah, probably you are Marcus Mark Ply. Wade is minion. 7, 7 7 or Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7. I am Myer. We have social media. We also have merch available@detractstore.com. That's the dust the end of the episode. And sincerely for about two seconds, just forgot what we always say at the end of literally every episode of the several hundred that we've done now. But I remembered, don't worry everybody. Bye.


Podcast out. I.