
This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery, breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken. Sauce goes on. Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for Dipping only at McDonald's.


This episode is brought to you by Magic. The Gathering. The worlds of Final Fantasy are coming to magic. The Gathering wield iconic spells, someon, legendary beasts and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions, and wonder that fans love. This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college, bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friends. This is just a great Cola Cola. Two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff and just long running like all the way back to my childhood. Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the adventure, this set is for you. The Final Fantasy and Magic Gathering Crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it. Most hint, it's Uber. What about me when I show up to your house at 3:00 AM that's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, It would've been really nice if you had told me that just left me out to drive for no reason. Hey Bob. Sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way, so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way.


This episode of Distractible is presented by Vitamin Water. Some drinks are fun, some drinks are functional, but Vitamin Water said, why not Both. The Elevate Blue raspberry actually very good. As I'm getting older, I found that I'm a raspberry guy. They also have zero sugar rehydrate pineapple passion Fruit. As I'm getting older, I'm finding I'm really a pineapple guy. I'm like Wade, but with apples, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glass O Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of Glasso.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode bullshit calling Bob Frames the boldest bro that plays an ever increasingly challenging game. Miss Philanthropic Mark has an it nightmare with raging Warry unleashes AI hell, secret boners speeding and shooting stars. Weirdly, Wade has fecal conditioning, hates Twitches, chapsticks and Chicken Man from doing your duty to ultimate fairness. Yes, it's time for Bob Small Even Dumber Word Game. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to Distractible your congress person's favorite podcast. I assume probably I'm your host, Bob. I am the host because I won the last one because that's the way this show works. We all three compete. Well, two of us do anyway, one of us hosts and whoever between the two competitors wins hosts. The next one. It is a ripe and an honor and a duty fighting for the duty. Today we have the only two other guys who are ever here, mark and Wade. Hello. Hello. Hey, nice to say hi, but I won't docu points yet. I do have a game. I have a topic. It's a game. Be a better way. But before we get into that, we always start with small talk. It hasn't actually been that long since we've talked to each other, but also it feels somehow like it's been quite a long time, which I feel like could be the subtitle of the book about the last five years of my life.


But how are you guys doing today? How was your, how's it been? How's it going? Great, great, great. Only positive vibes. Yeah. Yeah. I actually in, in the, in the past two days since we last talked, I did a full redo of my whole render farm. If I take a picture of it afterwards, because I didn't take a picture of it during it, I'll send it to the editors if I remember a lot of conditions, this is never gonna happen. No one's ever gonna see this Editors invent a render farm, make it look awesome. It does. It still has some wires across the floor just because of where the electricians put in plugs and the fact that it is a bathroom. But it's a lot cleaner now. It works a lot better.


It turns out if you don't shove something up against your, your air conditioners that you've put in, it's able to breathe and circulate air better. So give those room to breathe. Everything's going. I got the leaning tower of Max Studios. It's great. What does that mean when I picture your render farm? Don't take offense to this. I picture C3 po after he got ripped apart and is like in the backpack where all the pieces are there, but there's wires and he's like heads on backwards. That's how it was before. Have you, did you, did I not show you a picture of the before? I'm pretty sure I did. It's a dystopian, it's, it was a dystopian cyberpunk kind of nonsense thing. If I type er a server into my phones, like pictures, it doesn't come up.


And I'm like, why wouldn't that come up? And I was like, oh yeah. 'cause it doesn't look anything like what they would think a server looks like. What do, what's the search term to find that picture post apocalyptic nightmare. Rat's. Nest of wires and Oh, there it is. Lemme look up apocalypse. Oh, no results. Okay. Nest of wires. God dang rat Rat King. Lemme look up Rat King. Nope. Yeah, man, I can't find this. It's a mystery. Apple intelligence, my booty. Well, it's Working great after the rebuild, right? No issues. Yeah. So you rebuilt it and then nothing has gone wrong And it worked perfectly the whole time Kind of. It's, it's not my fault.


Of course not. No, I can't find the picture. Oh, no, No, No. Can't mind. Anyway, it's, it's good. Except one of the things that I I dislike is these small like arbitrary details about computers that, you know, you have to really read the manuals to know or read in depth about reviews and anything. I'm sure a bunch of people know that if you need to populate all of the RAM slots for server grade hardware to run at full performance, it needs all the channels filled. It's expecting that. So for while these have been running with almost all of them full, but not all of them. For the ones that have RAM slots, You can't skip any slots and, or it Do, no.


Yeah, it's, it's probably is common knowledge in the server world. But I didn't know this because I'm used to like running a PC for desktop reasons. And sometimes for PCs, if you have only half of them filled, it runs faster. Like, so it's very opposite thinking, but whatever, doesn't matter. Not important. God damn it will be the death of me because for some reason those management ports just decided to die. They, they're plugged in just the same, they were plugged in before to from one switch, put 'em into another switch, reset everything, reboot everything, and then just never picks up an IP address. Just cannot do anything.


I don't get it. I don't understand how this stuff is supposed to be smart, redundant, fail safe. It just, oh no, another, another plug. I can't do it on different server. I think it's probably because I didn't let go of the fixed IP on the previous device before I moved it over. But I've done that before where devices just pick up anyway. It's a, it's a nightmare. I know that you know that you could pay someone to do that, but there's a part of my brain that would love to see you like, like find an IT consultant or something and be like, I just need you to come. I have this setup. And they walk into your bathroom and they're just like, oh God. Oh no. Oh. And like they like pull out their laptop and plug in and they're like looking through the software.


They're just like, oh God. I'm sure it's fine. But I'm sure a professional would there, there's not even people who build pc like just towers. There's so much shit that if they looked at the way I did it and I think I do it, I mean it works. I've never had a PC that didn't work, got all the specs I wanted out of it, they would still probably just vomit out their entire lungs at what I did. I can only imagine for server shit. What kind of things there are that you wouldn't have no idea about. There actually is a guy with Burning Tractor, which is the VFX company I work with. They have this guy Rory there who is their IT guy. And so he, he has worked Muriel Miracles for never actually stepping foot inside the server room.


But every time I do something, I swear to God, he's I see on Discord that Rory is typing stop. Rory is typing stop. Rory is, and I know it's like stop fucking It up. You fucking Delete you. How Dare you delete. I know that's what's going on. I know he's doing that, but you know what couldn't you do? Well, I think that's very Relatable. We've all been there with our server Farms. I think we've all been there with fucking up networking. I mean I, I missed the days when it was just like, you have your modem from the, the, the internet company. And I still managed to fuck that up. So what was I thinking? Having a whole farm. Yeah. Well it doesn't make me feel good that you're doing all this shit and it's, this is pretty high tech stuff and it's a complicated system with lots of different, and I, I have felt exactly the way that you feel, but it's been me on my home wifi with a modem and a router and like one smart device being like, oh no, I connected you to the, you were on the wifi and now you forgot.


And like, but it's just me with like one light bulb being like, why won't you be blue fucking light bulb. But it doesn't make me feel good that I've been there but with, you know, kind of a different scale of technology, kind of different. But it's all just like that man. It's weirdly applicable because the things I've learned are actually like in the IT world, they're like common knowledge for, oh no, there he goes. You have it with our tech talk. Wade speaks for the subreddit, But it's common knowledge apparently in IT land. But you know, if you want your home network to work better, virtual networks are the way you create a sub network just for your devices and internet of things.


And then you create specific rules that those connect to each other and then to your other virtual network where you operate your normal internet connection. So it's separated and you don't have any cross traffic from that one in your network. What the Fuck are you talking about? Yeah, don't, don't do it. I tried to, I tried to do a vlan, the ship, I took down my whole network for two days. Oh man. I don't, don't touch the VLAN button. It's not, I'm not going to, although there's a part of me that's like, oh that would be so sick though. 'cause then there wouldn't, no, it would not be sick. It would be harre. It would be awful. It would be like taking another full-time, 40 hour a week job at a thing I don't know how to do and I don't need that in my life. I like, I prefer the method of, I'm essentially stacking up a tower of electronics and devices and then I take my hands off and if it works, I just am like, no one touch it.


Don't fucking unplug anything. Or I swear to God because if you unplug one thing, the whole tower collapses. And I don't know how to fix that. The tower is still standing right now for me. But a whole our, our ISP randomly without warning or without telling us, just stopped giving us internet at like two in the morning the other week. And so all of my like security cameras, the baby monitor, all this shit just like went offline all at once And I, I looked and I was like, oh, it looks like our modem says there's no service. It's probably not my fault. Then I proceeded to spend two hours just being like, okay, what did I fuck up? Okay, let me look at the router living. Oh god. It wasn't, it wasn't me, it just, I just couldn't believe it wasn't me because it's always me.


We've all been there. Servers and baby monitors. I'm, I relate to you guys. Wait, are you still using the word, the router that mark set up for you in 2014? Did I set a router up for you? I don't know, I just assume I feel like, I feel like everything in Wade's life he is like, oh I still use the same microphone. Mark actually brought this to me, set it on my desk, plugged it in and set it up and I just haven't touched it or moved it. I've Moved like three times since 2014. I hope it's not the same router. I just assume you bubble wrapped your whole desk set up and moved it all on a one big pallet and you're like, mark set this up. I don't know how any of it works. Oh no, no, no. Even my desk had to be disassembled to move. 'cause the leggings Not the leggings.


The leggings Had to come Off Anyway. Wait, ground us, ground us in small talk. Oh, you go to your room, don't come back out till you think about what you've done. Oh, I'm gonna think about it. You think about what you're gonna say for small talk, All that. Well listen, you guys wanna talk about relatable issues that keep reoccurring. You ever just spend thousands and thousands and thousands on plumbing and then you could leave for a week. You come back and I don't know, the three fucking bears must have visited your house while you were gone and all used your power flush and somehow broken the goddamn basement plumbing again to where the little drain near your water heater has poo coming out of it. You mean the exact issue that you just had them cut open cement in your basement floor and replace of all your toilets in the entire house and all that.


That issue that they fixed by doing that? Yeah. Yeah. Now the shower and the water heater drain. Both are like, well if you flush, of course I'll here have it back. Do you? I go recycle It must be the system they set up Everything we do, I am like plea. Just do it right and tell me how expensive it is to do it right. Whatever it takes, just do it. Right. Don't want an issue. I don't want the cheap fix. I don't want the temp fix. I want the, you know what, we should have done this from the start. Let's fix it. You'll never have to worry again. It's a fucking pipe that goes to a sewer. How hard could it be to get it right? Apparently they installed it backwards.


Can you install a pipe backwards? I thought the flow could go either way. Apparently not. It's like a goddamn minnow bucket. That one side the catch and then it's all there sloshing around until it's overfilled and the minnows are swimming back up. It's Like a video game. The guy was standing over the pipe and there's a big arrow that's like, and he was all, ooh, which way does this need to go? I'm tired of poop. My car is still at a random port. Don't know which one by the way. And my house is full of shit. Man, you know what? We'll fix that. You guys shouldn't move again. We've talked about it. It's at the point where we're like, if, if we get a good year at any place one year away from the pain, is it worth it?


Yeah. I gotta admit, you know my, all my troubles are self-inflicted. The rest of the house usually works fine. We had some rats I think once and then the air conditioner kept breaking. But yeah, they went in. I did the thing for the air conditioner. I was like, I'll just fix it from the get go. Make it good. And they're like, we will. And they did. Oh, I've never, my stories have never ended like that. Yeah, I Know. And they did. Speaking of air conditioner, ours is working, but I'm concerned because every week it feels like in order to maintain a temp, I have to lower it more than I want to. To maintain like two degrees higher. That's not a good sign. So originally our AC was set to like 73. We were pretty comfortable. Then it was 72, it's down to like 70 degrees.


And I'm still like, man, it's a little warm in Here. That is a very bad sign. That's happened to me before, right before our AC stopped working in the middle of the summer. Yeah. It's also not hot. Like it's, it's warm enough that like yeah, you want the AC on when it gets hot. 'cause it gets up into the seventies, close to 80. But it's not hot. When it gets actually hot and humid, you're gonna have to set that bitch on 60 degrees to keep it at a nons suffering temperature. Didn't you just get that replaced last year? I thought you just had your whole HVAC thing last Year. How long did those last Nine months. Apparently my birthday was the anniversary of my one year anniversary to having it installed because my birthday is whatever.


It had to be fucking fixed. Well They only, they are only supposed to last one year. So really are you shouldn't go blame. Aw Babe. It's our HVAC anniversary. I Just, I go with the companies that have the best ratings, the best reviews, the best track record of, I had this fixed 30 years ago and it's still good to this day. This company's great. And everyone says that. And then I get something and they're like, is this a screwdriver? No, it looks like a wrench. Okay. And somehow that's what they apparently do. They, they send the monkeys with tools that are like and throw shit. They throw feces, the feces blocks up my pipes. They come back up and it's like, oh, somehow the shit's got in your air conditioning unit. This is your fault sir. You gotta replace the whole fucking thing.


How does shit get in the AC unit? I don't know. 'cause I guess this wrench is actually a screwdriver's actually a power drill, which is we don't fucking do anything. I gotta say guys, just collectively, this was a funny bit for a while, but years and years of wade having plumbing issues seems like kind of milking it. Six years. It's been six years. Like change. Change themes have an electrical issue and maybe your roof leaks. Like pick, hold on. Yeah, yeah. Pick. Pick something up. Move on from plumbing man. Like come on now you're paying these guys to sabotage all this stuff. See this is, is this even happening? Do we have any actual proof that any of this is real or is Wade just like making up stories?


I bet he is at a car this whole time. Do you want a picture of the turd covered drain? Yes. I would love to see a picture of your recycled shit juice. I will go take one and text it to you too if you wanna see it. I dare you. I double dog. I don't know if I believe you. I'm just gonna leave it there. I don't know if I believe you. Mark, mark changes. Mark has lenses. There's drama with lenses. Mark has a server farm. There's drama with the server farm. Mark makes a movie. There's drama with the movie. He keeps it fresh and I appreciate that about you. Your fake made up life stories are, you know, they stay interesting, you know, gotta Keep it interesting for the podcast, We're basically just ai.


This is definitely a simulation. Oh, we Haven't even talked about VO three. Oh yeah. Do we not talk? Yeah. Wait, show us. Show us your shit picture. I'll give you a point for it. I texted to you. Do you want me to show it on camera? Come On, come on. Show us. Come on. Show it on camera you. Wow. Oh man. Oh God. You live with that. This was white and clean whenever we left to go to Minnesota. You're not supposed to take a poop on the grate and then try and stomp it through with your feets. That's not a good, You should see what the shower looked like at one point. Oh I regret tempting this. I still think he's making it up. I'm deleting that for my own history 'cause I don't wanna see it again.


This Could be an elaborate fabrication, but yeah. Anyway, I don't know. Do we need to start like a foundation for Wade's pipes or something? Or Find me someone in the tri-state area who's fucking competent. We need the Robert Irvine of Plumbing to go to Wade's house and film an episode of Flushing Impossible. Robert Irvine is the chef who was host of Restaurant Impossible and he would go to failing restaurants and like bootcamp them and help them fix their menu and re remodel their thing. Everyone knows Robert Irvine, right? Everyone knows. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's a good reference.


I'm gonna give myself a point for that.


This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot. I'm pretty happy with my room here, but there are still some things I would change. I would love to have pegboard on the wall so I could peg some more stuff. Could really use a coat of paint. I could use a couple more lights to sort of fill out. I need some stuff from the Home Depot. And obviously the perfect gaming setup is different for every person, but whatever kind of games you like, whatever your gaming routine is, however you like to game, having exactly the right space to enjoy what you're doing. It's a luxury that you can get. And the good news is you can get everything you need to create that perfect gaming room. From the Home Depot. They have paint, smart lights, sound dampening, foam wall treatment stuff, furniture, decorations, organization, bins, shelves. They have everything you need. All you have to do is go to the Home Depot. It's a one stop. You can even get it delivered to your house. I've had that. I had some stuff. Delivered it right to my garage. It's lovely. Build your perfect gaming room with the Home Depot. Click or tap the banner to shop. Now.


This episode is brought to you by Hershey's. When it comes to a sweet treat. I love a combo like those two flavors that just go together perfectly. Like a little party in your mouth. I think most people are with me on this, right? If you want the ultimate combo, I think you should give Hershey's Cookies and Cream a try. If you haven't had it, where have you been? Rich, smooth white cream. Packed with crunchy, chocolatey cookie bits in every bite. It's a delicious balance of flavor and texture. Hershey's Cookies and cream, creamy, crunchy and all yours. Find Hershey's cookies and cream bars at a store near you today.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. You know what I got into recently? Pens. You just find them on Amazon, they're just out there and pens is not a weird thing to be interested in. So don't say that Me Been Prime video. Then in the last like two weeks, I was like, you know what I need to do? I need to watch every war movie ever made. I Love war movies, Whatever it is. Prime helps you get more out of whatever passions you are into or getting into. Head to amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


Anyway, VO three, Voie vo, what's it called? Google video thing. I think it's VO three. Yeah. Have you seen this Wayne? No. I dunno how you could possibly eat Have after having just stood that close to shit Drain Bob, I've lived next to Shit Drain for six years. I'd be dead if I couldn't. You nearly adopted the shit. I was born moved by it. I was an anal birth. Ah, on Brighter News. I got another photo for you. I don't know if I want any more pictures from you, but, okay. Nah, you want this one Little baby deer starting to show up? No, that's, that's way better.


Did You get any pictures of their shit? Well, no, but Presley was eating some yesterday. Oh Fun. Dogs are fun. But we have baby deer. There's like three or four, just real. They must have just been born like this week. They're so tiny and like barely able to walk normal. Like they look clunky when they're moving like A baby deer. The cicada bro is here. I don't know if you guys are seeing it. I'm in California, hundreds of shells And it is like getting deafening loud. What'd you say, mark? And then listen to you. I'm in California. I was talking to Bob exclusively. You guys Must have seen it, right? Mark? Yeah. Yeah. I kind of figured that the, this brood 14 or whatever it is wasn't in California. But Bob, are you guys seeing the hundreds, if not thousands of cicada shells?


I am not. We are not seeing that as much. I've definitely, it's like the cicadas are coming out but not remotely like that kind of bullshit. Every tree, there's shells and there's ones actively crawling. And then around like three or four in the afternoon, it just starts to get like definitely loud outside from the making all the noise. I think you live in and amongst more tree areas than we do. We kind of live on top of a hill where there are not, there's not really any woods around us or anything. It's more just like houses. It's kind. Yeah, I'm not excited for that. I'm just imagining piles of dead ones in the garage and crunchy. Crunchy footsteps. They are all over the place. Shells all over the every tree.


The base of the tree is just like, instead of leaves, just cicada shells. So Mark VO three, VO three. Wait, you haven't seen anything about VO three? Yeah. Usually games only have two voiceover options for the main character. But now that they're introducing a third, you have more play and know how your character sounds when you're playing these games. It's really cool. Hey, can I, can I show a video here that will give you insight into what we're talking about, Wade? Is it the influencer Impossible Challenges one? No, no, I haven't seen that one. This is the pharmaceutical commercial. 100 gorillas versus one donkey. All right Wade, I want you to see this. I tried everything from my depression. Nothing worked.


Okay, great. Every day felt heavy. I felt trapped. Then I tried Pepper Hermin. Our prescription helps your body secrete a special pheromone that attracts puppies. I took the pill before bed and when I woke up there, he was the love of my life. The pill does not target depression directly, but we've found that it's really difficult to be depressed when cute dogs show up at your doorstep. I used to feel so empty, but now I feel joy and mild concern. How a pee stain got on the ceiling. My puppy listens twice as good as my ex-husband and only climbs into the lap of half As many of my friends.


He chewed up my Bible and pooped in my good chair. But I'm happy for the first time in years. Looks like a rat. Barks like a demon. But he saved my life. I named him Earl. He follows me everywhere and farts in his sleep. Just like my first husband. Pramine for when your therapist says maybe you should get a dog. All right Wade. That was entirely AI generated. I Was looking for indications and every now and then, like the mouth was a little bit. I didn't know for sure. I mean obviously someone assembled clips and this is by someone that has made pharmaceutical commercial before.


But that was entirely AI general. Even the voices, it Was very clean. The hand movements were clean. I was looking at hands like, yeah, it was very clean. All right, so have you seen this one Mark? I Broke into a zoo to prove one man is enough to fight a gorilla. Welcome to the Chernobyl challenge. I'm gonna lick this glowing pole. Let's see how many views this gets. No plan, no shoot. Just content bathing in liquid cement until it hardens. Let's get solid. No energy drinks, just gasoline digging to the earth's core.


Bare hands, no breaks. Can I survive a full latex suit in a hundred degree heat with no water? Let's find out the hard way. Staring at the sun for 10 minutes straight. Wish me luck burning every grain of sand on this beach. Let's go. 1, 2, 3. I have to eat diamonds for views. I hope you're happy. Algorithm. Yeah, you know, I, I'm ashamed of laughing, but that was really funny. Yeah, well so that one has more artifacts that where you can definitely tell it's AI generated than I feel like the one that you showed Mark.


But the content, whoever wrote that one. Very funny. Isn't that Just Mr. Beast channel? I will give these five starving people $5 if they do this. I'm a little surprised Mr. Beast never did the counting every grain of sand on a beach challenge. That was kind of his game for a while there. Really, really actually quite funny. But yeah, that, that is down to the person putting the, the prompt in. They are writing the dialogue, but way that model generates the video and audio at the same time. And it can create music as well. It can, it can do all sorts of stuff. I think for the pharmaceutical one, they added in music afterwards 'cause they did edit it. Yeah, it seemed to be edited. Yeah, it's, it's there. Remember how in an episode like two years ago I said, oh this soon it's gonna be like boom, you put in a prompt and then guys on a podcast and like, oh.


And so yeah, so it's here. Is there one? Did someone make us, is our podcast already replaced? Might as well be. This Is actually generated by VO three right now. Editors make my hands look fucking crazy. God. Yeah, no, it's, that's pretty wild. The difference between I, however long ago we talked about that on the Zoom and that it's kind of scary. Is it? Is it too, is it a a bad, I'm getting too old take that. This is where things are reaching the point where I'm no longer, I'm like, oh, that's so cool. And I'm kind of like Uhoh. Yeah. How do you trust video evidence? There's a lot of people out there who don't, I don't know very much about technology compared to experts.


There's a lot of people out there who don't know remotely as much as I know about these things. Oh Yeah, it seems very dangerous. The times we were in as far as that goes. Like that's really cool. But also you think about all the things that could be used for and it's like uhoh. I think that there's definitely concerns for that. There's definitely concerns for people's jobs. I'm not so worried. I, because I think that when it comes down to doing say less plays or playing video games, there's, it's so easy already to do. There's no point in making an AI do that. So that I think is okay for the time being until you get the ultra funny, super incredible AI reaction model. And then it's like, All right, well here we go.


Which will probably come at any time. But I think that the saving grace of all this is that Google's servers I bet are dying. I I they charge $250 a month to get access to that. I don't have access to that because I don't feel a need to get that. That probably isn't enough. If people are generating the amount of stuff that they are with what I know from how much even generating a picture costs in terms of computational power to do those has got to be like an entire server rack of things just to make one. Do you know it's 250 a month for like unlimited generations of things?


Or is it 'cause that would be because the people, like, that's not gonna be widely consumed necessarily. That's really fucking expensive. But the people who would pay $250 a month to have access to something like that are gonna make so much shit that they're doing that because it's, they're trying to like make it their job. Or How much of that is like just the AI versus like how much do people have to do? Like does there any personal editing or just like enter a prompt and that is made, That was text prompting. Like Mark said the, the pharmaceutical one seems like it has some editing to sort of finish it. 'cause those are clearly separate clips cut together and things. But the, the one mine was, each clip was separate.


There was no editing. Whatever was there was there, it was literally someone just typed a guy to breaks into a zoo. He looks like a fit influencer. He's like, he says, I'm gonna fight a gorilla pan over to the gorilla and then it just makes the whole video. That's insane. It is, it really is. It says two 50 a month, you get highest level of access to VO three and then some. I don't know what that means. It, it probably means there are limits to your access, but you get YouTube premium with it. Ooh. Which for those that don't know, everyone always makes fun of it. But YouTube premium is a great deal as a YouTuber. I love YouTube Premium Totally side I think. But everyone's like, girl I'm paying for YouTube.


And I'm like, dude, they, it's so much nicer. Plus you get YouTube music if you're gonna pay for a music subscription anyway. It's not by any means like the best one or anything, but it's fine. And back when it was Google Play music or whatever and then you got YouTube, you got YouTube red when you got Google Play music, it was a good deal. I got it for seven bucks a month and I'm still on that plan. I think, I wish when it first rolled out they had a bounty program, like a, an affiliate program for YouTubers. If you pushed a YouTube premium for every person that subscribed, they would give you $30. And I'm like, that's a pretty good trade off. I didn't take advantage of it at all. I didn't, I didn't do it at all. Now I'm like, God, I wish I had done that.


They forgot to send me that email. Anyway. Yeah. So via three The nightmare is here. But yeah, the only saving grace I think is that this has got to be killing everything about Google servers right now. There's no way that this is, they've made it more efficient 'cause generating video, like outside of that, I've never done it before, but from what I know, a picture can take so many a language model can take an entire server. Video generation is like, if you're generating 30 pictures per second for even eight seconds, that's how long the videos you can generate are. That's crazy. It's crazy. So who knows And just 'cause this is gonna come up in the subreddit, we're talking about a specific aspect of this.


Yes. We're familiar with the ethical concerns surrounding generative ai. Yes. We're concerned with the environmental concerns around the computer power usage, the electrical power usage, the impact of, we're just not talking about that in this specific context. Yeah, we do know. And there's, there's an even bigger problem that relates to us as YouTubers because this is Google's model, right? They seem to have the best video AI model so far. I wonder where they got the videos from Google owner of YouTube. I wonder where the hell they got their entire library of videos. Yeah. Was it, was it you that said or someone else said that if you tell it to make a let's play, it just immediately knows to put the camera in the corner.


Like it, it, it knows exactly what a let's play YouTube video looks like. Which is totally, totally normal. Totally fine. It generated actual like Fortnite gameplay. I saw one where it was like Fortnite was playing. It wasn't quite right. The building wasn't logical, but it was literally like moving forward building and the entire environment was there and clearly it had been trained on Fortnite videos to be able to do that. And so there's a huge issue of Google. What the hell? You didn't ask anybody for permission to do that. You just took it all. I don't, I didn't read the terms of service that deeply, but I'm pretty sure buried deep in the terms in the Services buried very deep.


I would be desperately curious to know what it would do if someone put in the prompt mark applier playing three scary games or something if they kept metadata or if there are terms associated like, 'cause it might just actually make some weird bizaro version of you if it, I have no idea how that works. But that'd be something. It was a good Career. Well lasted boys. I'm sure none of these tools will be used to sow any additional discontent in the society in our country that is already struggling violently with what we all believe in our collective morals and decision making.


I'm sure it'll be fine. I'm sure nothing bad will come from this anyway. You guys wanna play a stupid game? Sure. Yeah. Good episode. No, that's not what I said. Hey, have you guys ever played the party game categories? Yeah, maybe. Maybe. It's literally just the game where one person says a category and then you all take turns saying things in that category. And it's things like types of fruit or colors or maybe some of the stuff that I came up with that's a little bit more unhinged than some of those. But anyway, we're just gonna play categories. Okay. In each round. I'm gonna start with a category.


You guys are gonna go back and forth and you get three strikes. So there's no immediate losses. I'm gonna keep track of back and forth. If you miss one, I'll, I'll buzz you or I'll say something and that'll be, and I'll tell you what's one strike, two strikes, whatever, three strikes, you're out. The other person gets the point for the round. And then we move on to the next category. We all know I'm good at games with memory. I'm excited. And this in usually when you play this in person, it's kind of a speed thing. This doesn't have to be that 'cause I'm, some of these categories we might need to kind of discuss as a group depending on how creative you guys get with what is inside the category or whatever. But anyway, I wanted to start with the category of times in your life that you're definitely being watched.


And I'm gonna flip a coin and weighty is the lady, and we did not get the lady, we got the lion Preacher Marcos first Streaming. Ah, got Him. Baby monitor. Sure. Spy satellites. Sex Tape. You Hope. Any grocery store, there's always security cameras at The bank. You know where you're not being watched When you're in a grocery store in front of one of the locked like covered, protected items and you're hitting the button as hard as you can. No one's looking. They'll never come. They're not looking at you. So you're not being watched in that moment. Is that your answer? For times in life, you're definitely being watched. No, I just wanted to throw, can I throw out there guys, can I make a little Jokey Joke?


I had a chuckle. I had a chuckle. I just, I was concerned that that was your answer also. 'cause it was sort of When you're taking a test, When you've spilled something on your shirt anytime, you don't want people to see, they look Trying to hide a boner Definitely airport. Sure. When you're, when when you step into a convenience store with the biggest backpack you can find When you're as a clown at the birthday party. 'cause like everyone's kind of suspicious of you 'cause you're a clown. And we had that whole clown thing like 10 years ago. So they're like watching you, expecting you to be funny. But also they're like, I hope he doesn't try anything funny. If you know what I mean? I Was gonna say, I don't know if the kids necessarily watch the clown these days, but the parents probably do. You're right. You're right. When you're blasting through a red light and there's a red light camera and you look out your window and go, woo, You do that a lot, mark, Mr.


Dangerous driver. Never. I wish though. I dream When you live at the end of a cul-de-sac and you do literally anything outside that, that stupid nosy neighbor doesn't like. And somehow they always are there watching or they're watching through their window. They just know anytime. It's like, Hmm, you shouldn't have cut that branch down. You shouldn't have done this. You shouldn't have done that. I really liked that one flower that you actually hit with the mower Walking in the Appalachian mountains at night. Oh, Expound. It's one of the cardinal rules. Cardinal rules of the Appalachian. Don't Open the door. Don't look, don't walk in the mountains at night. 'cause you're gonna be, you're being watched. They're out there. Keep your windows covered. Yeah, doors locked. If you're walking out there and you hear your name, don't answer.


As stupid as it is, those videos actually creep me out and I hate it. It makes me feel like I'm moron. 'cause they're all just like low effort, 80 things. And you know, like there's the video of the kid, the camera's aimed at the door and from outside you just hear like Mary. And they're like, my name is Mary. Oh no. It's like your boyfriend's outside just saying your name and you're just recording it. But also all the hair on the back of my neck just stood up. I hate you. 'cause if that did happen though, imagine and know I'm gonna count that way. Wouldn't You're Rockwell. I'm gonna need you to expound on that. He sings the song. I always feel like somebody's watching Me now.


Now Michael Jackson does the chorus, but it's his song. Ah. All right. Hmm. I got it. That's all I got. Mark concedes. Do you want that to be one x or all three of your exes? Wait, what are the X's again? You get three strikes. Well, I hope it's just one. I, It sounded like you were just kinda giving up. No, no, no, no, no. Just there. Mark. Ha Mark has one strike. Mark gives up one strike. Get him. Wayne. Theme park. Theme park. There's all kinds of cameras and security at theme parks. All right. All right. I'm just gonna put this out there. I feel like we covered security cameras in public places. Oh, we're not switching categories. As soon as I've never placed categories, so I I have no Idea.


No, it's say it's the same category until someone's out and then there's like everyone, there's a point on the line for the category. Oh, okay. Well then get all three of my exes. All right. That's what you meant. Okay. Yeah, we'll move on. I did good ones. I did good. I like this. This is a barn burner starting off strong. All right, how about this one? Marcos first Bad last words. Oh Yeah, probably. Okay. Singular or plural? Like one word or multiple words? Bad. Last thing you said out loud. One word or many. However many You say, wait, I don't know if I'd say that's bad. Why? Why is that bad?


Explain it to me. Because They should have waited. Didn't have to be your last Words. I'm gonna give you an X 'cause I'm unfairly biased against Wade Mark. Bad last words. What are you gonna do? Stab me. See, I laughed. Don't you know that's my rules weight. If I don't laugh, I'm biased against you. What? What would be my likely last word? I know what my last words would be, is that poo. If you die in a tragic drain accident tonight, we're gonna feel so guilty. Don't worry. I'm an expert. You, I was. I was gonna say something similar. All right, strike two. Is this France?


You know, classic last word. Terrible. Last words. Aren't they truly terrible? All right, you counting that? All right, cool. No, I gave him a strike. Strike Two. Oh, okay. Is this thing loaded? Sure, sure. Twist and pull. Yep, yep, yep. I bet I could eat that Gross. But yes, It's fake. He's crushing me this darker than I thought.


I'm in remission. It's a hundred percent safe. Well, I definitely don't trust you now. It's 50% safe, 75% safe. I'll take those odds. That's not bad. That's pretty safe. This seems too dangerous. I'm turning back. All right. The worst she could say is, no, It's fine. I read the instructions, Man. I really only really thought of that one. I did. I only had that one too. That was it. That was my, that was my, Something.


Smells funny. Nah, A yawn is okay, but that is Not fine. I'll give Marcus first. Strike that. Strike three for win. Oh, that Definitely makes it fair. Thanks man. Look, I'm realizing there may have been a flaw in my game design here. So I'm changing the rules. Yeah. You hate me. Why don't you factor that in? You won the first round. Calm down. It was pretty hard for me not to. He just quit.


This episode is brought to you by Ikea of dream study space. Does not have to break the bank. Ikea has so many wonderful things with their college essentials. It's easy to create a space that sets students up for success, where you can get whatever you need to be at your best. Maybe have a good time, you know, when you've got a minute, Ikea checks every single box on your checklist. So you can start your year in style. Visit ikea usa.com/ready for college. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to shop. Now.


This episode is brought to you by Vitaminwater. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big, man. LA's big, like Cincinnati, Thankfully. Vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like rehydrate, pineapple passion, fruit squeezed lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass.


So I now am going to give you a direction in between each round of each of you saying something. So we'll start, you could say whatever you want and then I will say shorter or louder or with an accent or whatever. And you know, you both have to, okay, so come up with something in the category and do whatever the fuck I say. 'cause I want it to be more interesting and faster than this. I'm ready. I assume wage ready. Marcos first things aliens would mistakenly assume are our God. After visiting Earth, Ronald McDonald.


I almost said the same answer. I was like, oh, good one. The guy from McDonald, A Statue of Liberty. Sure, Sure. Longer The glorious inventor of Apple. Steve Jobs. Is that what you meant by longer? Yeah. Oh, I like that. That's good That she met my longer. That really got me.


Yeah. No, that was the right idea. Longer The Washington Monument. Very long I, I might say that that's tall, Depending on your proof. I'm gonna give you a strike on that one, but I appreciate it. Ah, fuck. Wade longer. Well, since the 1990s, the amount of time that people have been using the internet for different things has been escalating, escalating, escalating, escalating. Now everyone has phones, everyone has tablets. Everyone has ear pieces in their ears. And whenever the aliens come down and they see everyone on their technology all the time, they're like, wonder where this technology is going in? They're gonna see these big towers. They're gonna see people like broadcasting different things and be like, oh, we're gonna hack in and see what all this thing is. Oh my God, where's all this information we're gathering?


It must be the the turn. No, I really regret the emotion I was doing there, but I wish you would've kept it going. I didn't wanna make sure no one finished One word Snake. It's not. That doesn't mean Anything. Anyway. We're not doing long. Oh, Is this France? All right. As much as I love that. Oh, that's another strike buddy. I'm sorry about that. What was the topic? Aliens? What was it? Things aliens would mistake as our God after visiting Earth.


Well, a snake might be there. One word, Wade. Celebrity. It could be plural. That sounded like two words to me. Rectangle. Yeah. All right, we'll keep it one word. Keep it going. Vehicle Strike. One more. One word. I like this Corn. That's pro. That's probably accurate enough. Cows. Corn. Corn King, big house. Lots of gold jewelry. Could be a God. They think so, Dog. No. Oh, come on everybody.


We all love dog. Oh, is that not one of 'em? Because my rules are arbitrary and shitty. That's why Household items, that would definitely kill you in the goosebumps books. Wade. Is first Toothbrush still in Word? No, we're starting fresh. Reset all the filters. Say whatever you want. Definitely a toothbrush, a cursed toothbrush, A double basket, air fryer, A container of chapstick. I'll give you a strike just on principle for bringing that up. Strike. I feel like you know what you did. Mark Roomba. Oh, definitely. Give it a name Brand. Me, me. No, It's Wade's turn.


We're going back and forth, right? Oh, I thought You were like, what are you Roomba by Roomba. An iRobot. Roomba. I accept Mark's answer Wade. Give it a name brand. Keep going. Broom By Baskins and Robbins. What the shit is happening that just go ahead and call that strike two. Mark. Do you know any words? Yeah. Yeah. A ninja Creamy. Ooh, That one is scary. And also gross. Can we have an aside on how gross the ninja creamy is? Can I just say this? It's Never creamed anything for me. Not the final product. The way it functions. If this is completely a thing that no one needs to know, but the way a creamy works, what it does is it turns things that are frozen solid into like slushies.


Effectively the way it works is you screw a thing full of frozen whatever onto it, and then the blade attaches to the thing and extends out the pole that the blade attaches to. You don't get to clean that. That extends into the cup of stuff and touches your food and then retracts into the device. And then you take the blade off of it and you clean the blade, but you don't clean the post that holds the blade. It touches your food. Never. There's just no, no way that that's sanitary. I have one and I really like the ninja creamy. 'cause you can get, like, I can get completely sugar free, like dessert. Things that are are, you know, kind of ice creamy.


Like it's good. It's fine. There's no way that that's sanitary, right? There's a metal thing that's that boop. And still touches your food. I think you're onto something there. And it's dairy. A lot of it's dairy 'cause it's for ice cream, air quotes. Anyway, that doesn't mean anything. But Ninja Creamy good brand. Oh, that's me. Now I'm gonna leave it on brand names. Wade, I want you to succeed at this one. I think you can do it A whole chicken by chicken man. I might have stolen that from an SNL skit. Yeah, no, I know. That's good. Does your man like chicken then? He might like chicken men. I'll allow it.


I'll allow it. That is not a real brand, but that is a brand name of chicken. A wolf microwave like mine that refuses. That is all touchscreen based. There's no physical knobs. And in the middle of cooking it, it decides to add random minutes at random power levels all the time. I fucking hate that microwave. What the shit? I've never heard of that brand. Wolf. Wolf makes a lot of appliances. They make stoves and stuff. They're higher end brand. It's supposed to be nice stuff. This stuff sucks. I don't like it. It all blows. And who builds a microwave with only touchscreens When you're jabbing it with dirty fingers And it just shorts the whole panel out.


Don't worry, I've got higher end PVC pipe for my shit to flow through. I get you. Yeah, thanks. Get a wolf pipe. I Don't want random power levels for my shit. It'll just randomly flush or not flush depending on how it feels. All right, no more brand names. Back to Wade Non-electrical. Oh, a nice sturdy plastic dust pan. Sure. A nice sturdy wooden straw fill. Boom. A boom boom. I Thought I had my baskin robin broom already. Oh, you know what? You're right. Well this is a new category. It's the same category. It's just a new subcategory. What we're still doing, household items.


That would definitely kill you in a goosebumps book. Oh, I thought this was a entirely new cat. I got it. Okay. I see. Sorry. Yeah, same category. This is just di directions in betweens, So it's still me. Waits. Turn A rug. Would a rug kill you in goosebumps? Oh yeah. It would be like come alive. Like a bear skin rug. Or just like the little ends would strangle you. All right. Couch suck you into the cushions. Sure, sure. Smaller Chair. Nice. Good. Okay. That's technically, yeah. Candle. Ooh, even smaller. Oh yeah. Fire's not electric. I was like, it's fire. You idiot. You can't do That.


You dumb ass. Even smaller Spare change. I could see it. Toothpick or the toothpick container. Yeah. Pocket lint. Yeah, I'd do it. Beans. It came from beneath the beans. I remember that. One car. No. Wait, Wait, what did you say? Car? A candy bar. I must have said candy bar. Definitely. Did you Say car out loud? That's the third strike, bud. Yeah. I was like, no, that's big and electrical. Don't say it. Good try, buddy. I believe in you. I gotta say, I don't know if I said yet. I am sick today guys.


So sorry We did this to you. You make me sick. Things that sound like a government cover up Marcos first. Real things or made up things. Yeah, you can make stuff up. This is when the good ideas come out. Scary Tape. It can't be every time. I'm trying to think. A kids On the moon, What the fuck would even do this? W what would, what would satisfy the pat? You wanna see what Wade does? So I know where to go. I Wasn't ready. I was gonna see what you did to figure it out. Okay. You know what sounds like a government coverup? Powdered lightning. It's like Watergate but different.


All right. Okay. All right. That's how it goes. All right. All right. I'll, I'll throw one out if you want. I had, I had a childproof caps on medicine bottles That's more descriptive than powdered lightning. I was just going with a name of, like a coverup. You're going with the actual de. Okay. Description. Description. I mean, you can use as many words as you can think of. All altogether. Come on, conspiracy bros. What are we doing here? Can you be real conspiracies, which we've talked about before. Oh, Because they sound, they often sound like government coverup MK Ultra. I'll allow it. Why was That one not Close? What? What do you want? Whatcha looking for? What do you want? Good job, mark. You did it.


Rechargeable car batteries. Why don't they want us to get rid of 'em? I appreciate the tone. I'm Go ahead and give you a strike on that one. Me? No, I gave Mark a strike for your answer. Mark. Continue Understand the rules. Don't understand the rules. Caps to medicine, but not in car matter. Shooting stars. They're just to cover up for something. I don't know what, but it's covering something up. Yes. Check. Good job Luigi, bro. Killing the healthcare guy. Oh, sure. Yeah. Half Dome. Why is it only half? They shine some. Where's the other half? The truth will come out someday. The moon. See? There you go.


That's what I'm getting at. Oh yeah. Is That an under the breath? Kool-Aid van reference? Subtle. But I like it. Yellowstone. There's no way old Faithful goes off that regularly. It's gotta be something. Aliens. I just wanna see Mark, do this more. I'll allow it. Take a look at the planets. Only one of them circled. Why? What's so important about that one? They know that's, that's a, that's a good one. That's very clear. Who went first? Is it Mark first? Oh, we're changing Man.


I should really remember these type of things. Well, I was gonna give you a direction. Maybe this will help. He went first, then he passed. I said powdered Lightness. He passed. He passed. All right, so yeah, Mark's up. Just, we'll simplify it. One word. Oh fuck. You only need to think of one word, Santa. Perfect Conspiracy. Wait, that's the, I'm gonna go ahead. Give that one a strike, bud. You know, I appreciate the effort though. All right. That's fair. Honestly. But I Don't answer cars next time. What? France? How Did I simultaneously create a game that's too easy and too hard?


Like this route went on and on and on and on and on. And then this fucking God, this must be one of the worst games I've put out for you guys. No, no, it's just this particular one is difficult because I'm like, what sounds like a government cover about, I dunno. You just have to ask yourself, what are they hiding? Oh, pick your favorite word, man. Antarctica. Oh wow. The come from behind. Victory. Pulls it off. All right, Wade, you're on Two strikes. Mouthwash. All right, no more one word. You can say as many words as you want, but I want the answers to be stupid.


Floored would put it in the water. Stupid. What he said he wanted. Damn, That was your answer. Yeah. You said you wanted them to be stupid. How more stupid can it get than saying that back? No. Yeah. No. Yeah. I'm clearly biased against you. 'cause that's your third strike. You're outta here. Thank God. Unless, hold on. Where's my coin? Oh God. Oh God, no. I think this game should keep going. Unfair. God dammit. Okay, so you are challenging that.


It's unfair that that ends, that specific round that you think you should continue to do. I think stupid was a stupid answer. Well, that's true, but I wasn't looking for, alright, so if we get all heads, then Wade wins. If we get all tails, then Wade loses And it was fair and shall be made. Doubly fair? Yes. I got tails. Tails. Oh, Damnit. Turns out it was perfectly right. It was the right amount of fair. Refl. Un unfair. Fair Double dog. Unfair. I appreciate that you tried that, Wade. All Right, well, I can't argue anymore.


The coin is declared. That was fair. The point is declared that was very fair. The fairest, possibly Fairest of them all. I might say I haven't felt this way, quite this way about an episode I've hosted since probably the one that was called The worst piece of shit episode ever. And I felt way worse during that episode. But I thought going into this, I thought this was such a good idea. It is a good idea. Why are you feeling like it's bad? No, it needs revamped. It needs to be. It's this, this is going to be a good episode. This is my, this is my perfect crime. We'll revisit this for now. I'm gonna stop torturing Mark and I'm gonna read the points that you both earned. Mark, you were in points for poor Rory, and they did.


I'm in California talking about VO three things. Yarn snake, goosebumps. Oh, yawn. Not yarn. Floored in water. You won the government coverups round. Wow. Despite how, despite how tough that one was for you, really pulled that out. Wade. You earn in points for, I have a good memory somehow. Still having plumbing issues. Picture of shit. Your shit in parentheses. I was an anal birth. You won the round for places being watched. Point for is this France point for cre, PR point for winning Mistaken gods and Point for only one Planet is circled.


Just saying that one's real. The fairest question that anyone possibly ever has raised, and I almost just clicked. Hang up on the call. Let's not do that. Hang on. All right, let's see how many bonus points we get this time. Oh, you have to add one too. Oh, that's right. Three or two? Two. Good job. Wait, we're on it today. I I'm on it today, man. Do we have a bonus point for Hardest Thinker? I don't think so. I don't think we do. Ah, my time, Mark, we, we just, we we have, we get a, we do a lot of philosophy, you know, and Mark just really applied himself today. So I wanna recognize game recognized game.


So, well, first of two pins, 0.4 Viewer. Oh, sudden Death. It's a tie. Oh, oh oh oh. We've never seen that one pop up. This Takes us directly to spinning the tie wheel then, right? This ends the game officially as a tie. I have a chance. Damn, Man. Imagine if this, if that had come up on an episode where one of us was like 12 points ahead of the other one. I feel like that happened this episode. I don't know, I I got a lot of strikes.


No, you guys were strikes. Didn't cost you anything. That's the thing. You're allowed to get strikes. I didn't like 'em. I haven't seen the winner's wheel in a bit. Hey, it's all set up. I need to increase this one. I think it's currently at 72. We've not seen this in so long. I Forget. It's out of 360 degrees, right? So 72 divided by 360 is 20%. So yeah, I need 0.22 of 360 is 79.2 is what this says. So 79, we'll say, oh man, that's big man. Look at how big that is. Well, I hope one of you wins. Hooray. You wanna bet it all on Red?


Oh, Thank God. Yes. Oh, there is a God. Oh, I already used Unfair Spin again. Respin Respin Respin. All right, mark is the winner. Hey wait, it says Wade right now. Fucking who cares. All I care about is thank God the next person has to do 20, almost a one in four chance of getting the one man show. Mark, just imagine you won the one man show with like a 16% chance before. Yeah, yeah. How lucky. Well, you are lucky because you are today's winner. I am. And so let's get outta the way Wade. Give us a loser speech. You know, I really came in here giving it my all. I try to think outside of the box, but it turns out inside the box is where I should have been.


I should have avoided stupid, I should have avoided friends and I should have avoided my underpants. But here we are. Shit got real, Just like the shit in your basement. I do have to, I want to acknowledge and apologize Wade. I am very clearly biased against you. I don't know if there's anything I could do to fix it, but I'm just gonna try and acknowledge it publicly more so that the subreddit knows that I know It's okay. I've got this. I'm gonna continue to favor Mark pretty aggressively. Mark, you won Ferret Square, the wheel said it should be so and so. It should be. Give us a speech. So when it comes down to winning, I'm the winner. And when winners win, they win well and I win well and I will win well in the future.


And when I win again, I will remember that Wade did not win. Wade was not a winner. A winner wasn't Wade Who wrote that speech for you, Someone That was too good for you. Just Assume that was way too many words. He could not Possibly. I've heard you wordsmith and that was too many wordsmith wording for you. Anyway, congratulations Mark. Mark is gonna host the next one. And congratulations, whoever has to spin the wheel of winners because it's gonna be 24% next time on the One Man show. Check out Mark and Wade at their usernames on the internet, which are generally below our, they're on the, they're on there. So if you're not a watcher, I'm not gonna spell 'em for you anyway, so just search for, you know, whatever bald settlers of Catan you'll find Wade.


Thank you so much for watching. Thanks so much for listening. Just like I favor Mark. I always favor the watchers and like we always say podcast out.