
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. These episodes biased Bob's fearless progeny debuts from Carolina as big daddy invokes polygonal, places male cla mark has a unique bow. Wow. Tears a cat cracks, nuts, and fails with SpongeBob. Weak for Wade is hot to trot and his powers of description suck until science from covert narcotics to a full codex. It's time for Bob's Secret. Words. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of Your niece's favorite podcast. I made that joke before. Your favorite podcast, world famous podcast for being your favorite podcast. This is Distractible. Hello, welcome. My name is Bob. I'm your host for this episode and I am not in my usual place. I'm in a vacation house in North Carolina with a screaming baby in the other room and with six other adults in the house. So it might be a little noisy, but we're doing our best. And I will be joined from their usual places by my usual friends, for it to be the usual competitors on the usual, usual podcast, it's Mark and Wade. Say Hi, I'm the usual one.


Are you like in a safe house or are you hiding from the government or is it actually vacation? It's vacation. This is, this is a big family vacation. It's like we're near the beach and Ja, James saw the ocean for the first time a couple days ago and he loves it. He has no fear whatsoever. We were literally like, he might not like it. It's big and scary. And we walked him out onto the beach and we're like, look, it was the ocean. And for half a second he was kinda like, what the fuck's wrong with that pool? And then he was like, I'm going in and ran into the ocean at full speed. And he does not know what fear means. That's Terrifying. He wants to go swim with the sharks, meet Aquaman and all that stuff. Fun, family memories.


Terrifying but fun. I want Mark to babysit him at the beach now with Mark's love of the ocean and James fear of the ocean. I think those two combined, this Is a winning combination. Don't worry about a thing, Bob. Go to sleep. You're getting slumber. James gets into the three inch deep edge of the ocean and Mark is like, he's gone. I'll call Bob. We went, we went to the ocean and no one hates the ocean more than Henry. And no one love hates the ocean more than Chica. She gets her toes in and as soon as the wave come by, she's like, and then Henry just like stands at the edge and literally we're not even pulling on his, his leash. And he's still like feet dug in leaning back like this. We're not tugging him towards the ocean. And every time we we're, we're about to get near when Shea's going, are you still like, I'm ready.


You're gonna betray me at any moment? He's Like the opposite of that character who's, he's like, hold me back, hold me back. No one's touching him. And Henry's like, don't make me. And you're like, just stay there man. That's fine. He's like, I Won't do it. They're the same way about the pool. But we took Chika to a a creek. Finally she saw like an actual like kind of creek river thing. She loved it. She was in there waiting around and all the water was so curious about all the ripples. Drank some of it, which is probably not great. But she loved it. Why does she hate pools in the ocean? She's a literal golden retriever, which are meant to be water dogs. And yet she hates the water except for the creek. So maybe it's just specifically rivers that she was bred For. She's actually a Golden Creek re retriever.


It's a very specific subspecies. Our dogs will hop on like a raft in the pool. Ginger loves being in and around the pool. She'll like hop on the step and sit in it and stuff. Presley's a little bit more finicky about it. Presley's the only one that's ended up in a creek. It's 'cause he was chasing a rabbit. We were just so I. I didn't take them down with us. We were just down at Lake Cumberland in Kentucky this past weekend. I wish they'd come with us, but we knew there was gonna be some other dogs that they didn't get along well with in the past. I just didn't want to deal with it. So they have to go to vacation instead of my mom's. They're the only dachshunds I know that will kind of like tolerate water. The rest of 'em have always hated it. Ginger loves water. She doesn't mind swimming. She doesn't mind sit on a raft. I've never had a pro water dog myself. Lexi knows the truth about water. She hates it. It's all just different kinds of baths. And baths are for idiots and losers.


She knows what's up. Wait, do you have a video? Do you have a video of your dog doing that adorable tiny dog jump into the water? Oh yeah. The super we, I probably do somewhere. The Superman, she Wouldn't do the jump, but we do have the video of holding her over a pool and she's all, she's not in the water just trying to swim. We've gotta have one somewhere. I, I need to find that. But yeah, I think actually speaking of dogs, I've always said Henry's incredibly smart, right? He had an eye infection recently. He still does. He's getting taken care of. So he has eyedrops for it, right? So for a while, like, it's like his, his inner, you know, dogs have two eyelids and the inner one is, it was inflamed and kind of, so every time he, it looked like he had a big droopy eye. And so I started giving him these drops and he didn't, he didn't rebel too much at the first times, but I swear he asked me for the drop, right?


I can't tell you it wasn't because I, he'll come up to me sometimes in like wine if he wants food or something. And I go like, we already had dinner. I was like, you you, you had dinner, you wanna go outside? And he's like, he doesn't respond. 'cause whenever I say the word that he wants, he'll jump and he'll, he'll go towards the thing. And, it was like outside, outside going back and forth this. And I said like, do you want, do you want the drop? And he goes, Hmm, medicine. And he's like, huh, he doesn't know these words but they're different. And I think he's tangentially related. so I, I get up and he's like, okay, yeah, follow me. And he, he leads me to the kitchen where we have the little eye dropper and I get the eye dropper and I pointed at him, he's like this. And he goes, ha sits tilts his head up. And I'm like, do you understand This makes Your eye feel better?


are you asking for it? And so I gave it to him and he was like, then he went off on his own. And I'm like, oh my god, he's So smart. Anyway, he's very smart boy. That is pretty smart. Yeah, That's really Smart. Lexi is not like that. Lexi, Lexi gets her once a month flea and tick medicine and every time it's like I show her, I show her a treat and she's like, okay. And then I show her the pill and she's like, oh, you go fuck yourself. Well I'm going Like, I'm going upstairs. And I'm like, no, no, come over here. I got, and I show her the treat and she's like, I remember the other thing you just showed me. I'm not that stupid. And then it's like a wrestling match. It's a whole thing. She doesn't care if she dies of heartworms.


She's never taken a pill willingly in her life. I've managed to trick Chica into taking pills because if it's small enough, not for like the flea pill medicine thing, the treat, that's huge. But if it's like little, little antibiotics she had, I practiced with her throwing popcorn at her. So she loves popcorn so she'll automatically like, and she's very good at catching it. If you throw the pill at her, she'll automatically go. So you don't even have to try. Has she ever just had like a bad catch and just launch the pill into orbit accidentally? Or is it always worked out? Sometimes. Sometimes we never lost it. If I pick it up again, because that's what we do with popcorn, every time she miss it, pick it up again and she throw, I throw it at her. She loves it. So she takes those pills.


No problem If it's having two dogs is they both want what the other one gets. So I'll get the heartworm out and Presley, he's just happy to eat whatever. Like I can wrap it and anything. I can put a little bit of peanut butter, whatever. He'll eat it. So Ginger, she's like, I want to eat the treat around and then I'll spit the pill out unless she thinks I'm gonna give something to Presley. So I'll let Presley like lick her pill or whatever first. And then she's like, no, no, I want that. And she'll eat it without even thinking, just gobble it down. So that's how I get them to do the heartworm is Presley has to lick her treat before she'll eat it and Presley will just eat his fine. I should do that with the dog and the baby. It would totally work. I Don't wanna encourage you to give your baby dog medicine, but like wouldn't hurt ear meds. I can't, there's nothing I can do to make 'em like ear medicine. Hey baby.


Hey guys, I have a baby. Oh wow. Is this his first appearance on the podcast? I think It is. It might be. How are you doing Mr. Who's supposed to be taking a nap? Who's not right now? Well this is interesting. I'm assuming this means he's being a problem. Dad's not busy. Sit him in there, lock the door. How could it possibly be a problem? No. No. Whoa. Hey now we're, we're here and we're still in the same episode. Absolutely everything's The same. Nothing happened. Do I explain it or do we just, not even, No. Yes. Maybe we're here now.


And we had some excellent small talk that I very much remember because we just had it it just a moment ago. But now it's time to play the game. And I have a game and I've DMed you both. Some lists of words. And this is basically, this is a game show. Let's be honest. I bar, I borrowed this format, but I've decided to call this the pyramid of frenemies. Okay? Are we co-oping Kind of. So have you guys seen like the $10,000 pyramid? I Have to sneeze. Okay. Or like Pa passphrase. I sent you lists of words and you kind of have to work together, but you're kind of competing against each other. One of you has to get the other one to say the words on the lists.


I've sent you several lists without saying the word yourself. And there are themes to the rounds. And so I think there's a game called Password. There's definitely a TV show called like $10,000 pyramid. Password is Apple. We look, mark had that brilliant idea of Mark's Secret Words. And I just thought that that was a really, that really shifted things for me. And then I thought that was really, so this is kind of like a riff on, this is my version of the Secret Words stuff. Bob's Secret, Words Not as brilliant as Mark's idea. Possibly the best idea we've ever had. We've not had an idea like this since. Weird part six. We'll See about that. 'cause it's time to play. I don't want to call it the pyramid of front. That's a terrible name. Bob's Secret.


Mid Bob's Secret Mark and Wade's words. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. It rolls right off the tongue. Mark, you're up first. 'cause apparently I sent these to you first. The first round. The theme is video games and you have a list of hopefully five words. It looks like five words. I'm sure you understand the rules of the game. I'm gonna put one minute on the clock. For every word that mark successfully gets weighed to guess you get a point and you don't get points if you don't get weighed to guess the words and vice versa. So your goal is to get them and you wanna participate because your opponent could just not guess any words. I'm hoping we don't get to that point and We only get 10 seconds per round 60.


You get one whole minute. Where did I get that? I have no idea where you got 10 seconds. It's kind of like charades or, or what's that? It you, can you anything you want. Like you can say related words. You can go for like things that rhyme. You can pantomime stuff. Anything you want except for actually just saying the word that you're trying to get. Word or words that you're trying to get your guesser to guess. There's no strict rules. So however you want to approach it. Does he get a point for guessing on my list? I get a point for him. Guessing words that I'm saying. You are getting points when you are trying to get wade to guess. Okay? And Wade is earning points when he is trying to get you to guess.


So we're, we're playing in good faith here. 'cause theoretically if you just didn't guess at all or guess really poorly, you could screw your opponent out of any points. But I have a feeling that if that happened, no one would ever get any points. Wade. I will, I will play fairly, I will try my best to give you the best answers when you go. And I'll try to give you good clues here. Same. And I'm sure Wade commits to the same. Yes, The scoreboard doesn't matter. I just wanna cooperatively get some points with you. Mark your first round. The theme is video games. Oh, also it's six words each. I just don't count. Very good. You see, you see your six words Mark, are you prepared? Yes, I do. I'm ready. I'm ready. Let me add 'em. Ready? That guess The thing outside the cat shit.


In Yard. Litter box. Garden Outside Mulch. Under a play set. There's sometimes a a a Sandbox sand. Yes. The the another word for area in a game. Land zone. Stack 'em on top of each other. Yeah. An elevator go up and down them. Floor lock level. Yeah. Level All. right? This is, you know, the exclamation bur over someone's head. Idea quest. Yeah. There we go. All. right? Some, some dude. Not, not a dude though. Not a human. Not human at all. Alien. NPC. Yeah. There the, at the, at the highest floor of the building there would be the eh P top roof.


Oh, sorry, I meant person at the top of the, oh Hey. That was pretty good. That was pretty good. You got sandbox level Quest. NPC. That's pretty good. You were also going for boss and controller. You didn't really get to what he used. That was good. Wait, are you ready? Do you have your list in front of you of the video game words? I think so. One of them doesn't have a.by it, but I'm willing to forgive that. I know that's incredibly confusing. I'm sad. I was, I sent these messages from my phone while I was at the beach, which I was just at earlier during the same episode five minutes ago. I'm really sorry for the formatting anyway. That's okay. That's okay. But anyway, wait, go. The Place you start over when you die.


Game over the starting zone this Time can re What? Respond without The re Respond on This er shooter where you grab this off the ground, Ground of gunner of bang, boomy. You could also play it as an instrument. Trumpet, Drums, French horn, flute. No. The whole point of games where you're going to grab goodies like treasure Loot. Yes, he Said it. Yes. Nine seconds. The last airbender Air bald. The title Avatar. Thank you. That's it. What a first loot Shooter.


What was the clue to That one? He was try, he was trying to get looter shooter and he said this or shooter. Oh, that's so confusing. And then the instrument one, it wasn't a guess. Lute, that's an instrument. Oh. Oh, like a loot. Oh, I was doing my best. I Every hint you said, I was like, yep. No way Mark's getting that one, but Yep. Yep. Technically yes. And The whole respawn. I was trying to, to steal, steal your song from, you know, in space. This time we can spawn. I don't remember. I think, I think Mark might have some other thing kind of rushing around his head right now. My next thing was gonna be the clown from the movie Spawn on the nineties.


I don't know if you know that one. No, man. Dude, your references. So All, right? I thought this was gonna be really balanced, but I'm having concerns about where Wade is coming from. I'm gonna be no One's brain works like Wade. He's brain Get ready. I'm, I'm tuned in. I'm locked in. I, I know how to make you guess.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive, but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited talk and text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


Ah, so far as per usual, this is going exactly as I thought it would and I knew excellent what you guys would do. And it's really good. Mark, are you prepared for round two? I'm so ready. Round two is, and we're all really good at this Science, just generally science. These will be sciencey words, but not specifically like physics or technology or biology. It will be, could be anything. Mark 60 seconds on the clock. It doesn't help if I don't know some of these words myself. Right. There should be a relatively knowable words should be. They're like high school and lower level words. Yep. Generally, hopefully is what I go anyway. Mark 60 seconds. Get 'em All. right. So when you're in an electric chair and the guy's next to you, he throws a big lever thingy.


What's this thing? Switch different. He throws the lever. He completes the Circuit. Yeah. Yes. There's an event horizon. You're gonna spa tify if you go into black hole. Yes. Okay. Bill Nye, the science guy once did this thing that's lived with me forever. He took a carrot that was dried out and shriveled and he put it in a glass of water. The effect. What happened to the Shri? The shriveled carrot absorbed the water And. it was crunchy again. What happened? Re-animation. Reanimated Regrowth. Speaking of animated, there's a, there's a great movie with a pill. An a movie pill with a came in with a gun in the, the white blood cell. Osmosis Jones.


Yes. Yes. Oh, so it's this little single celled organism. Amoeba. It's in the air everywhere. It's gonna make you sick. Ah, That's time. That's time. I can't believe you got osmosis though, with an Osmosis Jones reference. That's a bonus point. I'm giving you a bonus point for referencing Osmosis Jones. Thank you. One of the most un underappreciated movies of my childhood. I can't believe I got that reference. The carrot though, that actually has lived with me forever. Like I know Bill Nye, he put a carrot in water or something like that and And it absorbed the water And it became crunchy again. so I do that sometimes. I, I had old blueberries that were kind of shriveled up and I was like, I wonder if it'll happen.


Put 'em in water. They plumped right up. It was crazy. Fantastic. It works really well for herbs. Herbs dry out in the fridge really fast. But they'll, they'll freshen right up if you just osmosis them a little bit of water. You got a chant while it's in the water. Osmosis. Osmosis. Literally since it happened in the movie Osmosis Jones. In one of the live action scenes, there's a scene where Bill Murray, who plays like a slovenly disgusting, greasy man, has like the world's largest zit on his forehead. And there's a scene where that explodes of its own volition and sprays. The zit goop onto the face of the woman he's talking to who I think was his child's teacher or principal or something.


Yeah, something like that. That has been like a fear. Like I've never had a zit that I thought would do that. But that's, since I saw that in the back of my mind, if I ever get a z I've always been like, oh, please don't Explode. I don't understand. Some people are super into popping. Oh Yeah, that doctor pimple popper, Whatever. I don't understand any of that. Also me not, I'm not gonna yuck someone. Yum. But also yuck God To make it into pimple popper corn. You can spontaneously pop other people's pimples by going osmosis. Osmosis to them. They'll just swell with water right away. Walk up to a bunch of teenagers and just do that. And. it looks like a murder scene.


The weird superpower. You walk up to the, to the villain. Osmosis. Osmosis. And there and just like, what's he doing? Oh no. Ugh. I was gonna say something not as deadly. Where you osmosis yourself. If you ever lose your boner when you're making love sweet love os oss Osmos comes right back. You're in the throes of intimate passions and you're just like osmosis. Osmosis. Osmosis is like, who is osmosis? And why do you keep saying their name right now? I know I'm with you, but I'm always thinking about osmosis All. right. Wade Science. 60 seconds on the clock. Good. Commence Plants absorb sunlight via Not osmosis photos. Yes. Not a positron or an electron, but a neutron.


Yes. Not religion and creation, but the process of monkey to Evolution. Yes. Force that sucks us down to planets. Gravity. Yes. Really small. The basis of all things are Atom. Yes. A combination of atoms makes Molecule. Yes. Well, But well damn that all of them. Yeah. I was just, You had 22 seconds left on the clock. That was first guess. Every time I'm so flabbergasted by what just happened. I'm so proud of us. I can't believe it, man. After getting stuck on spawn on the last one, I really thought I was in trouble here.


Are you some kind of scientist? What the hell was that? I don't know. But I'm not gonna lie for molecule, I was like, I think it's a combination of atoms, right? All, right. Wade comes charging back. I've, I have a renewed optimism about where this is going, gentlemen. Oh, All. right. Round three. I'm excited for this one. I tried to make it fair, but these are some interesting words. Round three is borrowed words as in words that we use in English, but that are borrowed from other languages. If you're curious on your list, it shows you which language, the words you have are borrowed from. And some of them I find very funny and was completely unaware of. And some of them are pretty obvious. I think so. Mark, you're up first. They're, you know all those words, right?


Do I have to make 'em guess where the, the country of origin? No, no, no. I included that. 'cause I thought it was interesting. Dude, we Would not get a single one. All. right? It's the, it's the exact same game. You just have to get 'em to guess the word. I would just, some of them I was like, oh, that's from that. Oh, I don't know that. Oh. And I was like, they might wanna know that. I'll just copy and paste that right over All. right. Okay. So You got 60 seconds, mark. I'm ready. Go. And then in SpongeBob, there's a guy that chases SpongeBob when him and Patrick were selling something and he screams It's real loud. Stop. No, you, it's about what they were selling. Jellyfish Jelly. No, come on man. I don't know this episode. It's Edible.


It's edible. And there was an old lady shriveled, weird worm in a wheelchair. I don't know. Oh. Oh, okay. Just give that Bob. Is this Bob? Is this for ads a lot. Oh, Happy. Nice. Calm. It's a character. I do This character Guru. Yes. There you go. Okay. All. right. So the Nutcracker play, the people in the Nutcracker are doing this dance tutu, Valet. Oh Right. The buzzer. Ah, God, I'm sorry, what was the first one? It was chocolate. You know, chocolate? I don't remember that.


I don't think I've seen that episode. Oh Man. It's one of the, it's one of the best. The only one I could think of is like, how many times we gonna teach you this lesson? Old man. I was like, none of that would be a borrowed word. I'm sorry. I think, I think the chocolate episode might be one of the most famous Episodes. I haven't seen it. I don't remember it. That's definitely a very famous like meme slash reference from the show. Yes. I, I'm so sorry I failed you. Bad luck. Bad luck, mark. It's okay. You could just sandbag wait a little bit and really cut down on you. You, you can, you can manipulate this. No, no. I'll, I'll try because it feels like I'm winning if I guess. Right. Well Wade, are you ready to get Mark to guess some borrowed words?


Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it. All, right. Go after Preschool. Before first grade Recess. What the fuck? What the fuck? Kindergarten. Yes. Big wave. Big scary wave. Tsunami Browser on your phone Edge. No. Chrome safari. Yes. You play this has a bunch of keys. Piano. Yeah. Things like there's plenty more fish in the sea. Dime a dozen homes where the heart is Slogan. Close things people say that are said a lot. Colloquialism. Another Word for that. I think There's another word for colloquialism Is a similar meaning. It's not the same. Meaning you'll know When you see.


Hear it. Think of it. Turn a phrase. Don't be two syllables. Don't be stupid. I'm sorry. That's stupid. Yeah, don't be stupid. It was going for cliches. Oh My next one was faux pa. I'm not gonna lie. I had no idea what to do for that so I'm glad we didn't get to it. Oh, you could just say, I do these a lot. Me wade all the time. That's Great. If I knew what a faux pa meant Equivalent to like putting your foot in your mouth. Oh god. I do do that a lot. You make some kind of social mistake with it. That's, you know, supposed to be embarrassing. I Was just gonna say it rhymes with Roma, It rhymes with blah blah Are rhymes against the rules.


I know I specifically did say you can do rhymes. I guess that would technically be allowed. Woo. Too bad. Never got to do it. All. Right. Round four is going to be household items Like Chapstick. It's not a container. You're holding up a container. You're going, this is not a container. No, no, no it's not. This is just chapstick you. You gotta hold the Chapstick cup without the container to really make the point. Oh. Oh. Here you go. Right There. Oh, chapstick. I know what that is. There It is right there. Household items. These includes like furniture, appliances, house things in a house or apartment or whatever.


Mark, are you ready? I'm ready. I Believe in you. Raise that. Go. If you're in a bath, you don't want this item going in. Poster. Yes. There this box heats up food with magic Microwave. Yes. So you have your sectional, you got your love seat and you got your chair Armchair. Recliner Wide. Not a couch. Different word. Sofa. Yes. Bob's most famous episode ever. Fridge the whole word. Count It. I'll Count it. Okay, so illuminate your life with these in your house lights. No, the thing it's in that, I can't see what you're pointing at, but I'm gonna say a A lamp.


Standing lamp. Yeah. So That it's time. Oh man, I got cut up. 'cause like it cleans your dishes. No wait, It cleans your plates and whatnots. That was a good one. That was a good bounce back round. That was a good one. Okay. Five outta six. Wait, are you ready for household items? Yes. Where does that go? Tells time Clock. That guy from future, Ima played by Joe Diag. John DiMaggio Bender. Wait, no, there there's an L Blunder. That's it. Bender the thing. You wash your hands in, Sing The thing.


You put your putts and pans on to cook A stove. You put dirty clothes in this Laundry washing machine. First One was closer. Laundry. Detert. Laundry machine. Another Word for carrier Laundry. Hamper. Closer Laundry box. Laundry Bin things. You take a picnic. Laundry Basket. Thank you. You cut with these. Cut paper or cut boxes. Knife, scissors. Oh thank You. With three seconds on the clock. Oh, bender and blender are two different things I've learned. Yeah, when you started with that, my brain was seriously like, what the fuck does he think? I have not seen much Futurama, but I swear I thought his name was Blender.


I was like blender. I could go with like making dough. But no, I got a great idea. Watch this Guys. If that had been to be fry for air fryer, that would've made sense. 'cause I think Joe Diaggio also plays Fry. No, Joe. Joe Diaggio only does blender in the main cast bender. Fucking god dammit. It's Actually John Diaggio. Whatever. Joe. Joe DiMaggio was like a football player or something. Who knows? Baseball player thing. Jo John DiMaggio is the actor. Voice actor. Sorry John. Ah. Alright. Round five Mark. Yes. Round five is items you would find in the grocery store. I believe they're all food.


Yes. These are all like food item type things. I Just, I just realized the, the categories. If you think only about that category when you're guessing it makes it a lot easier. I have not been doing that. I've been thinking about anything. Guessing in general. I've Been trying, but I'm not gonna lie with borrowed words. I had no idea where to focus. You've got 60 seconds. Mark. are you ready? All right. I'm ready. Go. The best part of waking up Folgers Coffee. Yes. If, if Bill and I were to put raisins in a glass of water, he might Grape. Yes. Grape. Yes. If you brush your teeth, you don't wanna drink this afterwards. Orange juice. Oranges, orange. You cut these.


You're gonna Pry onions. Yes. Oh, it's gooey. It's creamy or crunchy. Peanut butter. Yes. Eh, slices of pig Ham. Longer, thinner. Thinner. Longer, thin. Longer. A Dog wiener. Ribs. Long. No thin. Thin. Long. Thin long pig. Thin long pig. Thin. Thin long pig. Oh, ham, eto. No, no. It's, it's super th And flatten like a ruler. It looks like a ruler. And then it curled up. That's, I dunno. Bacon. Oh, bacon. I'm sorry. You, you finished his clue for onion, but you couldn't get to bacon, Dude.


I don't know. He said curled up and I pictured the dog treats the little PIRs. I was like, what the fuck? You were, you were really odd there. Right up until bacon though. Literally. He was like, man, You just say this with eggs. And I had it. I was with you. You cut these and you were jumped in and were like, and you cry onions. Yeah, I, I I was so with them. Bacon's not food. Maybe your grocery store doesn't have bacon. are you? Do you live a bacon list? Life? I love bacon. Honestly. First part of the pig I should think of for food. Bacon. Not apparently. Ham, Hamsters, ham. I really wanted it to be ham. We got ham at the store today. So ham's on my brain. That's Fair. It's your turn.


Wade things at the grocery store. are you ready? Yeah. Go Big yellow fruit Banana. Spread this on. Toast butter on a sandwich. You want ham and cheese. The things you were referencing with Bill Nye earlier. Orange Carrot Comes in a cup. Kind of like a white thicker, not white liquid but liquidy. There's fruity ones. It's in the dairy section. Cold. Eat it with a spoon. Peel off the little top. Oh yogurt. Use this to make dough. Use this to make gravy. White powder Flour. Ding the ding. Did I win? Oh, I know what that is.


That's that microphone. I'll be right Man. That could not have been a more perfectly timed real life. Unrelated ding. Oh my Lord. That was fantastic for me. Wait, you are so fast. The first round I was like, oh no, I thought Wade would be good at these. What happened at every subsequent round? You're so I. Don't Know. I you think video games would've been my strong suit. I did think that was like obviously us first, I thought like that's the easy one. We all do these things. We'll know these words. I Mean I do think that getting the specific word of like loot or spawn is a bit tougher than, I don't know, butter. If we've learned anything over the years, it's that I'm not good at assessing what's easy and what's not easy when it comes to word games.


I got to onions before I got bacon, which is a shock to me. Alright, Well thank God you got that mic. I Know, right on All. right. That's okay though. I think this actually probably sounds just as good if not better. This is a very nice microphone. Where were We? That bong could not have been more perfect. Literally as you said the last thing, it was like flower, huh? I am, now that I'm looking at this, I don't know why I made this the sixth and final round, but This is a toughie comparatively. Obviously the sixth and final round has to be tools that's just, you know, video games, science borrowed word, household items, grocery store tools.


Mark, are you ready? I'm ready. You know tools. You're good. You're a tool guy. He, he won't be the problem here. It'll be me. Well, I guess we'll find out on your market set. Do it. You use this to slam into nails again and again. Hammer. Yes. The first part of this word is another word for fuck. And then there's a movie named after the second part. Sex pimp. You do a lot of this, a lot of wrist Action screwdriver. Yes. So it's, it's neither of the previous two. But monkeys really need them. Wrench. Yes. Okay. There's a, there's an infamous picture of me where someone's holding up a marker.


I'm in the distance going, Ooh, Pliers. Yes. You can play with this or you can use this to measure your penis. The fuck I said the word. Oh that is unfortunate. Alright, We're gonna skip that one. See, Do You know there's a, there's a two part word where you go bouncy up on a big stick and that's called a see Seesaw saw. Okay, I wanna give that to you. I'm gonna give that to you. I'm Like, man, I even like with tape measure. I was like, oh you can't say measure. And then I came up with haha, measure your penis and that Measure your dick. Alright. You have it all to lose Wade. Great. The ball is in your court.


Metaphorically. Round six, six words tools. are you ready? Yes. Go use this to dig graves shovel. Use this to break into cars or break off planks. Especially in video games. You get it a lot. Early game crow bar. Don't stick a fork in a light Bulb socket sock. Okay, cool. Use this to hit much bigger nails. Mallet. I Think you use this also for a similar purpose. It's, it's okay. Use this to hit nails. It's got a first word, big Sledgehammer. Use this to cut but a variety of purposes. Knife. One word before that. There's a room in your house. You might have a closet that you call your, Oh, that's time.


Broom. Broom knife. What? Utility knife. Utility Knife. What's the word? Oh my god. I thought he was gonna get that. I was trying to get sledgehammer when he said mallet. And I was like, well I guess that works. Wait, was it not mallet? It was mallet. We, I was told we were allowed to do that. Yeah, No you were. But when I, you had been doing them mostly in order and the first one on, wait, so let's utility knife. so I thought, I thought you like, didn't know what it was. And you were like, use these to dig graves. And I was like, oh no. Oh God. Oh that's a, that's a bad direction. I was Less thinking about what they're all used for and more how I could get Mark to say them. That's kind of been my strategy moving since beginning. It's kinda like, I Do believe a broom knife would be very useful.


It's, it would have even more uses than a utility knife. I Didn't even think you said broom. I thought you said broom knife. And I was like, well that is a I have bed knife. I do have bed knife. That's true. I got a knife for every room. Got office knife, toilet knife, shower knife, Sink, knife. I know how to get utility. Utility was a tough one to get. You have to pay your blank bills, which include electric and water. That's space in monopoly that no one wants. Are you parking? No. That no one wants all The utilities. Yeah, utilities. Right. I forgot you were trying to get us to guess the word utility. I just started saying other things. I Know you and I both went completely off the rails.


Boardwalk Park place. Do not pass. Go All. right? Jail. Jail. No one wants Jail. I'm a terrible guesser. But a good clue Giver. I wrote a lot of stuff on this one. This is all just this episode. I've never taken so many notes. I can't wait till we fill up these pads and I can like auction it off and become rich off of this Distractible one of a kind item. That's definitely gonna happen anyway. Mark, you points four. Sandbox grapes, level orange, loose juice. Orange juice, quest, onions, peanut butts. NPC, circuit, hammer, screwdriver, black hole wrench, osmosis pliers, osmosis, bonus. Oh those are pliers and osmosis.


Got it. We're separate. Okay. Guru saw ballet, toaster, microwave, sofa, refrigerator. What lamp and coffee. Wavy you earned points for spawn, loot, laundry, basket, scissors, bananas. Our avatar, photosynthesis, butter, cheese, neutron evolution, carrots, gravity, yogurt, atom, flour, molecule, shovel, kindergarten, crowbar, namin, just socket. Safari Mallet. What was that last one? Amicus. Is that What you tsunami? It's a tsunami. Got it. Sledgehammer. Piano clock, blender, sink and flown. Flour.


Flour. Yeah. That's not an end. And Mark was such a good guesser on these. I Mark really had your back. Mark, you are in a total of 26 points today. There seems to be, I know there's kind of a trend whenever there's a score. Said first. Oh, you're right. Wait, you earned a total. Forget what I said. How many mark got Wait. You earned a total of 29 points. Oh, how many Mark And Mark you earned a total Oh oh of 2006 points. Oh, that's a good idea. Mark saying them the other way around. We were a lot closer than I.


That was really close. Yeah. Considering that each of you had rounds that were basically total flops. Dude, my round one was so bad. We From round one, you only got, I guess you got three in the end, but just barely. It didn't feel like three. That was fun. I don't know if you guys had fun, but I enjoyed. Oh Yeah Dude, mark crushed. When I, when I was giving the clues for round two, it was like every word was first guessed. That was awesome. That was very impressive. That was possibly the best round in the entire match or whatever you call this. Thank you for giving me points for that Mark. I really appreciate you crushing it for me there. You're welcome. Teamwork though we did, we only missed a few words, right? Yeah. I mean are there even losers today? You guys are a good team. That's really the takeaway. I think also Mark loses and Wade wins.


So Mark, if you wanna give your loser speech, Fail


Today's loser speech is brought to you by Mar root beer. You know the feeling it's 3:00 PM on a Thursday, too late for a coffee, too early for a beer. So you walk around aimlessly and search of a mysterious third beverage. That's when you need mug root beer. Drink mug root beer and let them know you got that dog in you. Hey, look, listen, smell, hear, touch. All of your senses will be engaged in the following episode. It's a new five D experience. Thankfully I won't be hosting so you will not have to smell, touch, taste, hear and listen and see me. Thank you. Today's Ruth's speech was brought to you by Mug Root Beer. It's a perfect third beverage for any occasion. Caffeine, free, carbonated and delicious. So drink mug root beer. If you got that dog in you, Hey, you can hear but not listen.


so I, I'm gonna give that to you. That's actually the, the sixth sense is listening. While you're here Wade, congratulations. Mark played really well today, which somehow led to you winning and you really earned this one, by which I mean Mark really earned it for you winner speech, Even though you declared a winner and a loser. I feel like the real winner today was our teamwork. Mark and I really came together and we gave each other our best. Despite knowing that there were stakes that one of us might win and one of us might lose. We still pride hard for each other. And honestly all of my points, I owe a thank you to Mark for helping me get 'cause without his guesses, I couldn't have had them. Thank you Mark, for being such an excellent teammate. We did it. I love That.


I love that sentiment. That's nice. You're right. There are no losers today. Everybody wins except for Mark. That's the end. Thanks so much for hanging through this episode where we magically teleported from one place to another. It changed all of our clothes in just a matter of moments and nothing happens that needs to be explained about that at all. You'll never know. Make sure you check out Mark at Mark applier Wade at Lord Manion. 7, 7 7 or Minion 7 7, 7 me at my firm on places. Check out distractable store.com or merch stuff and things. Make sure you follow the podcast 'cause then you'll get like notifications and stuff as we put out two episodes a week. And yeah, Wade's gonna host the next one.


Got, can't reiterate this enough. Mark loses weight. Wins 5G Episode. Mark declared it. I will. I'll do it. Yeah. And Wade's gonna engage all six of your senses. All of 'em. That's the end of the episode. Thanks so much for listening. Podcast out.