(0s):
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny Drinks root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink mug root beer if you got that dog in you.

(28s):
Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Mar root Beer, mark has limb laborers perfect pees, leaves the lid down and thumps out the theories wondering. Wade has power pushes dotes over Diablo and WAIS over AraC occurrences. Baffling. Bob has lens issues. Non consumable Kaka is besties with boo and noses his noses from mobile coins to having that dog in you. Yes, it's time for Conspiracy change. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.

(1m 14s):
Hi and welcome to Distractible. I'm your host Marketly here to bring you another episode of fun and Adventure and probably a few new ideas to help me along this journey of learning. I've got my friends Bob and Wade. That's me. One of those. Hi. I'm the other one. Bob, where are you looking down the entire time. Sorry. I was, I remember how I said I play a mobile game. It was like 30 seconds till this is done. Hang on. Ah-Huh? Okay. All Right. I don't have to do anything else. I it'll, it'll finish. Oh, it's frozen All, right? It doesn't matter. I lose those coins. That's fine. I'm, I'm here. I'm here. You can get your coins. I don't You don't have to. No. Literally the game. It does this sometimes it's like frozen so let It go.

(1m 55s):
Oh, you'd think I might've connected that 'cause I've seen those. I only watch Frozen for Olaf. Let's be honest. Are we Playing mobile games during this episode? No. No we're not. Well I can't stop you from doing whatever you want to do. I don't Have any on my phone. They're all on my tablet. so I don't even have it with me. That's a good line to draw. He's got 20 tabs of porn parodies up on his computer. I might have those up, but I don't have mobile games right now. Have I talked about Diablo four in this podcast? I was almost a whole episode without you mentioning Diablo four there. Whew. We we did one. Do you want to talk about it? I'm not gonna stop you. Look, I wouldn't prevent you from talking about your passions man. I wouldn't do that. I would. I'd just enjoying it. It's fun. So With your arm there, My arm hurts From all the porn bar.

(2m 39s):
You know it bro. So your scrolling arm or the the other one? Nah, this Arm's always giving me trouble man. Lately like my shoulder's just been hurting. So trying to, it's all the posture and hunched over this and, and general not goodness. With my joints and stretching, it's finally catching up to me. So I'm trying to be better about it. Oh it only gets worse. Give yourself two months when you're my age. We're the same hate man. Two months. This was the worst two. These Are the hardest two months. You, you don't even know. Oh it's all downhill All. right. Well I'll keep that in mind. So how are you guys other than terrible. Pretty Good. Pretty good. Pretty good. I had a very wade like issue.

(3m 20s):
You ever just have water come out of a wall? Oh that one. It's interesting when that happens. I think we know what happened and I think it's okay. Which is a weird thing to say about water coming out of a wall. But sometimes toilets just leak. All of the toilets in our house apparently are reaching the age where the, the flushy part is wearing out and one of them was like, it was like wearing out in a way where it ran and over floated itself. I don't know, it's not great. Everyone judged me when I ripped out all five and replaced them at once. But trust me. Yeah, Well we're not replacing all of the toilets in the entire house all at once. You Might as well because it's only gonna cause more problems. I'm replacing the flush mechanism in like two of them.

(4m 1s):
I tried that once. It didn't work. You just probably did it bad. You probably paid some idiot if At first you don't succeed or rip out your toilets. He, he, he, you know the saying they're Fine. The toilets are fine, kids are All. right. We just need new flushy dos. Whatever the hell those things are called. I remember when I used to think that naive I was back then All. right. Well I don't know why toilets would fail so soon. I feel like Soon My toilets are like 10 years old. Yeah, I feel like they should last longer than that because you got, you got truck stops in the middle of the desert that have gone through like a cavalcade of a million truckers all eating tacos and burritos and Fritos nonstop on their journeys and they're still running.

(4m 43s):
That's because the handles are so gross. No one ever flushes those. That's why they're always so nasty when we walk in. That's Fair. I guess that's fair. Also those are totally different flush mechanisms. Mark, those don't have tanks. Those are like pressure valve things and they're all metal. The tank toilets you have in your house have plastic parts in them 'cause companies are cheap and it's planned obsolescence and The little rubber flounders that wear out or shrivel up. And Why don't they have why houses having the metal pressure ones Because they don't look cool and nice. IGI don't know honestly I wish that we all had the industrial toilets. I got A power flush now. Wait, is this real? Do you have a power flush? No. He told us about this. He told us about this that his the Loudest fucking toilet I've ever owned in my life.

(5m 28s):
Remember the whole saga about the basement and the guy removed the backflow valve and the blah blah blah. Part of that was also he got a power flush toilet down there. If you, okay wait. If you are sitting on the toilet and you reach for the toilet paper and you accidentally elbow, I would not flush it while sitting. You're Nuts. Ark gone. It's a Shit bidet if you do that, You get flipped inside out from the butt hole up and you just like it's not a good time. Do You need to like close the lid and clamp it on to flush it safely? Like Probably Dude, I flushed it the other day and like the back splash I saw it bounce up the eye level and then go back down and I was like this is terrifying. Okay wait, hold on. You guys don't put the lid down before you flush.

(6m 11s):
I do now I definitely put the lid down. If you're thinking that prevents the aerosolized poop particles from escaping. I got bad news about how airtight toilet lids are. Well It's better. It's better because I, I have a visualization that wade is leaning over the toilet flushes eyes open. Wow. Look at it. Go. I make sure to tape 'em open. I look in get my face in the bowl. I'm like I can't wait to watch the magic of water flow. You put the clockwork orange things on your eyes so you can't physically blink and you're like, oh based me. Yep, yep. All. right. Okay. So I wash toilet station All. right. Cool. The Eye flavor of relief.

(6m 52s):
What a combo combination power flush toilet eyewash station. Just in case you need that. I was buying so much like a contact solution. I was like I don't need it. I've got a power flush. You're right, he's right. He worked at an eye place. He would know I Did work there. I've been talking about contacts. I wore them for a couple episodes. I don't know if I'm just out of it or what, but when I was at the contacts place they were like, and we're gonna give you this extra bottle of solution just in case you need it. This stuff is so expensive nowadays. Ugh. It's crazy. And I was like, well I wouldn't have guessed that. And then I, the next time I was at the store I just went and looked. 'cause I was like how expensive could contact solution be? It doesn't seem like it's outrageously expensive. Like I looked And, it was like three bucks for a big jug of Kroger's old ye oldy contact solution juice.

(7m 36s):
I was like old contact like you know like the the generic like I'm not buying fancy juice to soak my eyeballs with, I want sa, I want sanitary saline wash. That's all you need or whatever. But my eye doctor just had like a whole Conspiracy about how expensive this contact solution is. And it is this am I just, did I just get lucky? How much does he go through? Like a whole bottle for each contact Just splashing it down Every morning. Just like, God This stuff's so expensive. I can't believe so see a bottle per eye per contact. Well you gotta fill the whole tank of your power flush before you can flush out your contacts. It takes a lot of bottles man. Oh my god, that's brilliant.

(8m 16s):
We could be shitting in contact solution however, let me give you a warning, make sure it's not the red lid bottle of contact solution. 'cause if you're using that like what's it called? Clear the stuff you have to like let sit overnight that like has the chemical reaction. You do not want that going directly into your eye. That doesn't sound good. It sounds like it goes directly into your eye. Do you guys not Know what that what I'm talking about? No. Wait, I've worn contacts for three days in the last decade and they were three days last week. Yeah. So ClearCare contact solution Contact solution is way more involved than I thought. I thought I was just making fun of my eye doctor. It's a whole thing out here I didn't realize. So the way this works is it's like a chemical reaction. This is punk or something. It reacts with a solution. This solution is like pure acid.

(8m 57s):
You do not put this in your eyes. You put your contacts in this case, you pour this in and then over like a six to eight hour period, this has like a chemical reaction that cleans your contacts and whatever. I don't know exactly how it works. Maybe it's all bullshit. But I use this because I feel like it's actually been, my contacts haven't dried my eyes out as much. Maybe I'm just buying into the hype and it's all fake. But I use this to clean my eyes. When we were visiting a friend one time, we had another friend staying with us and my friend Tuin and he was like, oh man, my eyes are really dry. And he went into our bathroom, grabbed this red bottle and was like, I'll just use some of this and squirted it directly into his eyes. Oh. Which means that he then had to spend 10 or 15 minutes with his eyes under a faucet running water over them to try to get the acid out.

(9m 38s):
So don't, do not use this directly in your eyes. Make sure you let it sit for the full six to eight hours. Not all contact solution is meant to go directly in your eyes. That's the point of the story. Okay. I'm Not gonna do that 'cause I have perfect eyes. My eyes flawless. We have talked about that before. Yeah. I mean they're not flawless. 'cause you had to have them surgically made. Flawless. They're flawless now. Now. Yes. I've evolved my eyes. Can you make them smile for us? Well you better watch closely. It's about, oh hold on editors make my eyes smile. But cool. Whose small talk was that?

(10m 19s):
Mine Bob. Yeah. Your walls are leaking with contact Solution. Oh, the bright got yeah man that really went places. The obvious Answer is don't put contact solution in your walls and you won't have that problem. Wade your Life. Nothing too crazy. Too new yet. Lots of traveling, lots of people visiting, lots of plans. Upcoming. I just wanna say I'm really happy. We're just, I feel like a lot of just good video games have been coming out. I've just been really happy and enjoying video games for a couple years and I just want to like keep that trend going. Variety of types of games. Decent quality games. A lot of indie bangers. It's just like I, I'm enjoying it. I Feel the opposite. Bob Counter. Yeah, I was about to say Bob Counterpoint. Why is gaming terrible? I feel very negatively about video games. Everything is a, is a live service or it it all, it goes away.

(11m 2s):
They're shutting down games within five years of them even existing on the market. Couldn't be worse. Couldn't, couldn't live at a worse time for gaming. Give me my Atari 2,600 back sir. Man Diablo four is finally fun. It's been out for like two and a half years. How you can't give them credit for that One. It's been out for literally one year. And. It's finally good. Good. It's been out for a long time and it's finally kind of good and it's like wow. Great game guys. I'm happy that it at least got there. You know, no Man's Sky was horrible Launch it got good fasm phobia and those types of games were fun and good for content. Lethal company. Great. I enjoyed content warning, abiotic factor, planet crafter. I'm just enjoying a lot of games right now. I'm just happy to Start all the exact same types of game.

(11m 43s):
Oh no they're not. They're similar types of games. They're content games. Well, I don't know, you go back to the Fortnite, PUG era And. it felt like everything was a PVP Battle royale at Least. Now. We have PVE content. I liked Battle Royale. I miss, I miss the heyday. I liked them at first. And then when every game came out and they were like, Hey guys, new Candy Crush, battle Royale. Hey, have you heard of Minesweeper? What about Minesweeper Battle Royale? Have you played Pacman? What about the Pacman? Look, Tetris 99 was a banger. That was cool. I wish I was better at Tetris to actually be good at that one. But not everything needed to be a battle royale. But Some games really work at it. Lethal company right now, everything's like trying to be like lethal company. That'll probably get old at some point too.

(12m 24s):
But at least it's PVE and I don't hate everything when I play it. I enjoy it still. Lethal Royale Company Royale. There's probably a mode for that. Battle royale, Capitalism, eh, Lethal company did just have a big update. And by big, I mean I don't actually know what's in it, but it did update. Wow. This guy is the guy that spreads misinformation. I Don't spread misinformation. I spread bullshit. Which is probably worse. Definitely worse. Truth and lie. I've told you about the, the paper on bullshit where truths and lies at least acknowledge the truth. Whereas bullshit is scary 'cause it's just literally whatever comes outta your mouth comes out. I am a virus. That should be put down immediately. I agree With that. All, right? Bob agrees. You guys are in agreement. Great, great, great. Any other small talk? Nope.

(13m 4s):
I'm glad I ended where I did on mine. So This is actually gonna take some explanation. We got a game. Well I got a game and Amy and I tried to come up with this. So if it's bad, I'm blaming Amy if it's Good, who gets credit? Amy gets credit. Fair is fair. All right? So how is this gonna work? I don't know what the name of this is gonna be, but you two are on a a debate stage. You're not debating, right? You're on a stage, you're giving a dual preface conference. It's like two headed expert except you're speaking as yourselves. You're two panelists at a panel. That makes a lot more sense. You both are a Conspiracy theorist. You don't know what Conspiracy theorist you are. But I'm gonna ask you questions Round robin style, one at a time that relate to the Conspiracy theorist that you are and your job one at a time.

(13m 51s):
I'm asking you the questions is whoever can guess what Conspiracy theorist you are first wins the round. If you've seen whose line is it anyway, you might recognize this game as when Colin usually, almost always. Colin did not know who he was, but he was giving a press conference in the audience. Ask questions. That makes sense? Yes. Yes. All, right? Cool. So Wade, Hi. Yeah, you got more, you got more points on the small talk so you get to go first. Remember, you both are the same Conspiracy theorist. You are not against each other. You're both answering questions about it. So you can play off of each other's answers even though you don't know what the hell you're talking about. And then you can combo it or you can do it. But also pay attention to your opponent's questions because that can help you guess where you are.

(14m 36s):
And then you can guide your answers. Thusly. Does it make sense? I think So. Where the same Conspiracy theorists we're trying to figure out who we are. Yeah. And I've got, and I'm gonna go one at a time, so I've got plenty of Conspiracy theories and as soon as it's guessed we'll move on to the next one. We'll go back and forth. Alright, wait. Yes. How long have you known? Well, to be honest, I had suspicions from the beginning, but truly known pretty recently. But I always thought deep down at my core, I knew probably for years that we are where we are. Change. I thought for at least a few months those horrible things had been done. Good. Great. Bob, if you notice there's a bit of a curve ball in this One.

(15m 17s):
Okay. Yeah. Good. Bob. How did they Pull it off? It involves a lot of smoke and mirrors. Not literal smoke and mirrors, some literal smoke and mirrors, but also the kind of smoke and mirrors where it it Photoshop. It's Photoshop. There's a lot of Photoshop change. It's actually cap cut. It's just a phone app and it's, it's how a lot of it's, I think it's how a lot of kids make tiktoks with the effects in them or something. But it, it's the same, you know, that's why the footage is so low res. It's very compressed and it's, it, it's, yeah, people just believe anything, you know. Look, I've gotten to the bottom of this, of this and I've spent a lot of time thinking about it and looking into this, but people, they just put, they just post videos out there on whatever, and they post pictures or descriptions, interviews with people, just believe whatever, whatever they post all the stuff they post people just eat it up.

(16m 9s):
But I know, I know the truth. The truth is it's, it's, it's it's cap cut. Okay. All, right Wade, what did they do with it afterwards? We keep talking about they, what did they do with it? Well they covered it up, they hid it. It's buried deep underground. Who are they? That is the question change, you know, who are they? Everybody already knows. It's obvious. We see them everywhere we look. We know who they are. It's been covered up, it's been buried. I think it's pretty easy to know where we can dig it up and find it and prove exactly what it is. Oh, okay. All right? All right Bob, did they ever eventually get around to doing it for real? You know, rockets are complicated. Science isn't as straightforward as they'd like to make you believe.

(16m 51s):
so I, I'm gonna say possibly, I'm not gonna rule out that they actually did do it. I don't know. I don't know that, I don't have the information to know that for sure. And so I don't wanna put anything out there that I'm not confident about. I do know that the original claims that they did do it were incorrect. They were falsified, fabricated, fascinated, frankly. Fear Mon esque. You could say change. Oh, they were gag gly. They were gries, they were great, great balls of fire. They were just good old fashioned lies. And sometimes good old fashioned lies are the best kind because everybody loves a good old fashioned lie.

(17m 30s):
Everybody, everybody's ready to believe a good old fashioned lie. You know, it just feels good All. right. Okay. All, right, Wade. Do you think the footprints are still there? The footprints of course are still there. Maybe filled in, maybe covered up. But the footprints, the hair teeth change, the footprints, the flag, all of it with the fans still blowing next to it. All of it's still there. But when and how do we guess? I guess, I don't know. I mean, I I think you just have to end your question, your answer with what it is. I think you both got it a bit. I Did till you said footprints that I was like, oh, I'm wrong. But now I'm back. I had it during, during my answer. I I have a guess and I I think I have it correct.

(18m 12s):
I think you both understand where it is right now. I don't know how to score that first. I think Bob got there first 'cause his question was pretty pointed or his answer. I i, I gotta say that his, his answer got me All. right. Bob, What is your Conspiracy? We Think we know that the moon landings were fake All. right. Okay. That's it. So the curve ball here was, was an idea that it had is like if I, if I, if I'm trying to use change to actually guide you towards what, like if you go too far off, I'm trying to use it as a mechanism to be like guiding you back towards, 'cause they didn't know how hard it would be for you to get it or how pointed I have to make the questions. So it's either we can keep doing that or I could, I don't have to do it if you guys think that the game is by itself.

(18m 54s):
No, I like that because you could also totally screw with us if we're like getting it too quickly or something. Or just, okay. Perfect. I don't know Why when you said footprints, I was like, ignore everything I've heard. It's Bigfoot. Every clue I've had out the window. He said footprints Door, everything else. All, right. Well, you're just gonna have to guess when Bigfoot's on this list. so I don't know. Oh, number six.

(19m 18s):
This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds Less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive, but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talk and text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A CT IBE $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.

(20m 20s):
All right Bob, you're gonna go first. Now the rumor has it, Bob, that you first sensed this in your knees. Is that true or was it something more subtle? My knees are the most sensitive part of my body, but you could kind of feel it all over if you know what to pay attention for. I mean, it's, it would be accurate to say I first felt it in my knees I guess. But it, it's really more of like, you have to know, you have to be looking right. And a lot of people grow through life. They're not looking, they're not thinking. They just, they just accept what they see without any further, you know, questions. And I just always have questions. Always listen to my knees when they tell me stuff change. I never listened to my knees a day in my life until I felt this one sensation that caught me just deep down to my core.

(21m 4s):
And I realized the truth of the matter and I realized that my knees knew. And then once they told me, then I knew. And then all of my different parts came to know at different points in time once they could realize and accept what the truth was that my knees told me. Great answer. Great answer. All, right Wade, what part of your body did you discover the truth in? Oh man. Had to have started my elbows honestly. Change. Had to have started my nipples Change My ears. I heard it out loud. One moment. I see. so I, see my, my friend just quivering in place and then the noise of his knees chattering caught me.

(21m 48s):
So off guard. So you follow up question. You were together when this, when you discovered it? Oh yeah, we pretty much, yeah. Yeah. It's a very joint discovery. Oh. Oh No, nothing. Knees joint discovery. Oh, Sorry. I Laugh. Thank you friend. I think you answered my question, Wade. You answered in so many more ways I ever could have hoped. Good. So Bob, what is it that they're leaving behind? Oh, shapes. Lots of shapes change. It's actually their feces change. It's not edible. And that's the only thing I know about it. That was my first instinct was like, oh, this probably food. Right? This must be sustenance or not edible. Definitely not edible.

(22m 29s):
Violently ill If you're able to get a chunk inside of you. Not good. Wouldn't recommend it. What? What is it? Ask your knees, I guess. I don't know. I haven't figured that out yet. All, right? Good answer. Good answer. Good answer. I think we're really figuring this one out. Wade. Bring it home. Yeah dude. I'm so on top of this, Wade. Yeah. Yeah, please. Heavy up. Is this the end result or is it just the beginning? I Think we're somewhere in the middle. Honestly. I, I think this has been going on for a while. I think that we should have seen this coming, but I think it's only going to get a lot worse Change. I think it's probably going to stay exactly the same change. It can only get better from here. Honestly. This is rock bottom.

(23m 9s):
How could it get any worse than where we currently are? The noises, the, the knee chittering, the inedible ness. It's just all so much that I can't wait to be able to take a safe bite. Fair, Fair Bob. Does it matter how many of them there are? you know, 'cause sometimes you see one, sometimes you see hundreds maybe. I'm not sure. Does quantity count? Not really. I mean the sky is big, right? So there's a lot of room. I guess it's hard to, I don't think there could be too many. They're wary. They just wanna touch 'em, you know. Do you feel that when you see 'em, you just feel like you wanna Yeah, I I can see why you tried to taste them before. Yeah. They, they do look tasty, but, and, And like I know they're probably bigger than they look 'cause they're way up high and then they're way down low and then they're way up and they're zooming, you know, past and, but they just look, they look like they would freshen my breath.

(23m 57s):
I think you're onto it. Should I ans ask Wade another question? Or Wait, do you think you have any idea what it is? I've got Give a question. Give a question. I'm feeling confident. I I have an idea, but I don't know. I, I'm, yes. No question me. Okay. Wait. Do you think that there's a difference between when they're parallel or when they're crossing? Is there some special meaning? Look, I've seen change, smell I've seen. No, I think they're exactly the same. I don't think it matters that they're running parallel or intersecting. I think no matter what they are, what they are.

(24m 39s):
And, and we, we all know what they are. Yes, of course we do. Doesn't really need to be said All. right. Bob, do you have an idea what it is? Well, the news likes to refer to them as tic-Tacs. I like to think of them more like El I know Mike and Ikes, but are we talking about the, the unidentified flying objects that are in the shape of the small mints? Dunno what you're talking about. Oh, okay. I have no idea. are you at the right Conference? Probably not. How did what I say before? Okay, nevermind. Ask me another question. I thought I knew too, Bob. I had like an idea based on your previous answer. And then his question to me led me astray. Oh, I get why what you were saying that All, right.

(25m 21s):
Okay. Okay. Bob. Is it a natural phenomenon? Because there's some people that believe it is and it's, it's understandable because you know of the things that are around it. If it's not natural, what is It? I would consider it a natural phenomenon. It, there are things that happen naturally that are done because li because some living creature living being has chosen to do them. And that's just, that's a thing that should happen naturally. And it's a thing that does happen naturally. So yeah, I mean it's, I think it depends a lot on exactly how you see that. But I would say yeah, that's pretty natural change I would say despite the arguments I just made, that it is pretty clear what we're talking about and not what I'm talking about. But what we are talking about at this conference is a very unnatural, I can understand why people might mix those things up.

(26m 7s):
What I was arguing about and then what we were talking about, which are separate, but this is not natural. These are very not natural. Mm. Okay. All. right. Wade, can you explain in excruciating detail the exact scientific process that causes these things to occur? Well, it starts with pollution. You know, us and the things we've done to this planet that have led to all of these events, how exactly it happens. I mean the science is a bit beyond me, but ultimately, you know, we're, we're heating things up, which is causing changes in weather. Patterns change. We are cooling things down. We are chill, we are all just getting high, hanging out, change.

(26m 49s):
Oh, we suck and we've done this. Advances in technology can be good and bad. In this case the results are clearly very bad. I see, I see. are you guys both still lost? I Have a a guess but it's a really weak one. Are we talking about those types of waves in the ocean that are all like evenly spaced and really weird and anomalous looking? No, No, no. Let's keep going. Alright, Bob. The common excuses that they're trying to create rain, but we all know that's not true, right? Sure. Oh, Oh, change.

(27m 30s):
Sure. Well that's clearly that seeding clouds is not, you don't need any actual flying a thing to make that happen. Seeding clouds is done, they do that somewhere. I think it's in Saudi Arabia. They do that. They seed clouds. This is, that's a ground-based activity. You don't need the, the clearly the trails are something else entirely. It's not weather, it's it's mind control. It's the drugs. It's the drugs that they get in the water, in the groundwater and then they get in the aquifer and they turn the freaking frogs gay. What The fuck are we talking about? You Don't know. Oh man, I thought this was more commonly heard of.

(28m 11s):
It's chem trails. Chem trail. M trails. You know what chem trails are? Wade? are you All? right? Well clearly it's whenever there's trails of chemicals. Okay. Do you know what it looks like when a airplane flies across the sky? Yes. How they leave a little trail behind them. The common Conspiracy theory is that that is not an atmospheric effect. That those are not just like water vapor cloud type formations. That that's, that's chemicals being released from airplanes for various conspiratorial purposes. So when someone writes Mary, me, Tina in the sky, it's all death. It's mind control Actually. Yeah, it's mind control. Oh, that's why she said yes. Anyway, I thought that one was more, but I totally see where you're going.

(28m 51s):
I thought Bob, when you were saying you wanted to eat it, it was like, because it looked like cotton candy or something, but horribly talking. No, I can see that now. That makes sense. Yeah, I get that now I get that. Yeah. I just skipped right over that one. That was, I, you're starting, you're starting at broad ones. I should have thought that I went deep into the weird stuff really fast. That Was like a sixth grade level question. I don't think I'm smarter than a third grader. You were Going for global warming, right? Yeah, I, yeah, global warming. Just earthquakes, typhoons, hurricanes, weather control. I was, I aliens at one man. I was going for anything. I was just taking shots hoping, I Was thinking crop circles for a second. But then the parallel, not parallel. I was like, that's not how those work. Parallel.

(29m 31s):
Not parallel. I was like, earthquakes, what the fuck is parallel? I don't know. Parallel Earthquakes. I don't know what the waves on the ocean thing are. What is that? Have you not seen that? There's like, there's like sets of like weirdly symmetrical waves that that occur, which is like, I forget what they're called. There's some weird wave stuff that can happen in the ocean and stuff. I mean, 'cause waves are just like, they're, they're literally just sinusoidal patterns. So occasionally they can line up in really destructive ways or constructive ways which cause destruction. All, right? But anyway, okay, lemme get one that's more like more common All. right? So more common. Wade, you're going first on this one.

(30m 12s):
Oh yes, I'm, yeah. Yes. I was looking up the waves. How have They kept this a secret for so long? The way they always do money, power, threats, Change Money. Power and love. Just lots and lots of love because they love to cover it up. I mean, how else would you cover up something this big? Thank You for your answer, Bob. Besides the, the love for covering it up and the money and the fame, obviously I just don't understand how people couldn't have Seen it. The mind does weird things when you see something that that doesn't seem like it should exist. I think people either just think that, oh like oh I imagine that. Or oh that was a dream or something And, and I think there are probably a lot of people who have seen it but then they, they rationalized it away and they're like, oh no, it was something else.

(30m 59s):
It was weird. I And so like it's, that's part of, it's so bold, right? That you would see it in that a random person who didn't know what it was would see it out in the wild or you know, you could sort of get away with that. It's part of the coverup is is they, they love it. They love the coverup because they love just like being so blatant and and not really trying to hide it everywhere. And still they get away with the coverup because of how, you know, 'cause of how humans rationalize things. Right, Right, right, right. Okay. All, right Wade, you know some say love is magic. Do you think that there was magic involved in this moment? I feel like magic is just another way that they're helping cover it up.

(31m 39s):
It's all science. It always has been change. Gotta be magic. I mean science can't explain it. Change who knows really. I mean science, magic. Do we even really know the depths of knowledge we have are still just barely dipping into the surface of the iceberg of information that's out there. So whatever it is, we can't fully explain it, but the truth is there. We just gotta keep digging and find it. Oh well said Bob All. Right? I just, hang on one second, one second. Every time I think I've got an inkling, I get a question that just totally derails every direction. I was like, oh of course it's going this.

(32m 20s):
Nope. All, right. Bob, do you think that they paid everyone off who is there? Probably. I mean that, that would be not super practical but when with the amount of power and money that, that they have to sort of combat this getting, really getting out there. Probably. Yeah, there's a lot of people but there's a lot of money to go around so. Hmm. That's fair. That's fair. Wade, were you there In person? No, but I've got eyes and ears everywhere so I've heard about what went down, but it was a little before my time. Okay, understandable. Bob, you like picnics? I love picnics.

(33m 1s):
Picnic baskets you could say. And you know, it's plus going out, having a big group but not too big. Having a nice relaxing picnic. It's good bait, you know, to really draw them out so you can, so you can get your, get your eyes on them for Yourself. I'm massage you on that one. I know exactly where we're going. Wait, What do you think Pig? What's your opinion? Pig Just the worst out there surrounded by everything that could potentially harm you. There's just so much danger out and about. You never know what might zap you. Change, Grab, you Change.

(33m 41s):
Abduct, you Change Boop. You on the snoot. All. right. That's a good answer. That's good. Thank you. Thank you All. right? I I thought you were both really, really honing in on it. And then I, I realized that question might have thrown you for a complete loop. All, right? Hold on, I got this, I got this. I didn't prepare questions for all of these things. Like I only had so much time before to give questions. I'm starting to think that I'm not a very good Conspiracy theorist. Bob. Bob, given all the the cameras you'd think that, you know, the answer would be obvious. How do you explain the discrepancy? Well, you know, you can fake, you couldn't, you couldn't fake things. Even on live tv you can fake things.

(34m 22s):
It was further away from the cameras than it looked like it might have been. And so it, there, you notice all the people and all the cameras were in a really focused and specific location and they had a really, a very small narrow perspective on what was happening. And the, the curtain they sort of covered it up with during, during was surprisingly large change the weather balloon and swamp gases. Then there was a flash in the sky and actually it's very distracting. So some people probably didn't even notice All. right. Thank you. Thank you for Thank you for your answer.

(35m 4s):
I, I man, sometimes I love your, your answer after I change, I, I should ask you to change more to get you on the right track. I feel like I'm just leading you way, way off. I gotta be better about this All, right? Wade? Wade. Wade. Yeah. You know they say it takes two to tango. Do you think there was two? Oh no. Really? I'm pretty sure there was just one. JFK flat earth Bigfoot Nine 11. Were those just random things you were throwing out there? Who me? Yes. No, of course not. Okay. Do you know what the answer is? Oh, I'm right there. Oh, okay. Well now's your chance.

(35m 44s):
Oh, I'll pass. I don't wanna, I don't wanna steal Bob something clearly James. Alright, I'll tell you right now. It's all about how Abraham Lincoln was Really Cool. Wrong Bob. There definitely was a second shooter on the grass. You, the trajectories were all wrong. You know, literally the first thing you said in your joke answer, you were like JFK bank. It's the JFK assassination. Conspiracy. Well I knew that. I just wanted you to get the points. Yeah, well Wade gets those points then. That's fair. I Went there with picnic but there were some other things that led me totally astray. Yeah, I thought I had it 'cause I was like, I worked in magic 'cause of the magic bull Bullet theory, right?

(36m 27s):
Yeah. And. it was like all the witnesses and I was like, so I forgot. Magic bullet theory was a thing. So magic is what threw me the furthest off of this trek. Really? Oh man. And I, the reason I said picnic was 'cause like it's the grass and some people were, you know, having a picnic on the grass. You know, I, and then I was like, ah man, that I'm not gonna lie the the magic bullet theory I should have remembered. But no, I was like magic clearly. And then Bob was talking about like all this stuff in, in the atmosphere And. it was like, oh okay. It's one of those atmospheric plain things. It's like the weather balloon. Oh That was a throw. So no, no. I was like just some magic. What the fuck's Magic My answer. My answer for the cameras one you asked.

(37m 8s):
I was, I was probing 'cause you had said magic. I thought it was like when David Copperfield made the whole airplane disappear and I was like, oh yeah, they were all in that one grandstand And. it was, yeah it was not really a Conspiracy theory but that was magic. I Was caught up on some kind of phenomenon that was magical. The two whenever you said there were there two, my first thought was JFK, which is why I said it was like, that's fucking stupid. It's not that there's no magic in a gun. There must have been two airplanes disappeared magically. I Love how you're just like, oh Mark must think that's a Conspiracy theory. Oh well you know, I'll humor David Copperfield.

(37m 48s):
Yeah, All. right. So Bob, you get the point for that. Okay. And Bob, you're going first this time All, right? Killing it. Great. My comeback starts now. All. right. Bob, you're up next and this'll be the last round. are you ready? Okay Bob, how can you tell It's the leg hair change. They don't normally have sprinkles on them. Change the lighting is wrong. I guess change smells bad. I know what it's supposed to smell like and you could tell when it smells raw. It smells kinda like, I don't know, like a locker, you know, like musty foot sta or something. I don't, it has like a certain smell to it and that's, that's a first way you could tell without, you don't even need to look. But you could tell, you know, you get that whiff and you're like, wait a minute, something smells fishy, you know?

(38m 30s):
I agree, I agree. Change something. Smells doggy. You know? Which variant can we clarify? Small dog terrier, mixed breed. Oh, okay. Doggy. Like the animals got it Damp but not wet. What variant were you talking about? What variant were you talking about? Wade? Style Change. Fashion change. Costume change What? Or in this case hall. Very good, very good. I'm going to ask you a a different question. How widespread is this problem? Global At least. I mean this started in a more localized fashion but quickly swept the nation, then other nations and then now it's, now it's everywhere.

(39m 16s):
Damn. Well Bob, how worried should we be? I mean look, this isn't the only thing going on in the world that I know the truth about. So this is pretty, this is in the middle. There is stuff above this on the list that you should definitely be more worried about. But there are definitely less consequential things going on. This is something, you know, the right, the right people, the people who this is really gonna impact or, or the, the people who have the power to do anything about it. They should really maybe be more worried than the rest of us. It is, it's not, you know, terrible. Okay. Alright. Alright. Wade, do you agree with that the, the common man doesn't have to concern themselves with this problem, it's, it's kind of like beyond them. Is that what you agree with? Well this is clearly a case of trickle down omics where it's going to become their problem if it isn't already.

(40m 1s):
I agree it's not the biggest problem in the world, but I think it's definitely one that we should concern ourselves with before it becomes bigger. Mm mm So Bob, what would you do if you were in a position to do something about this? What actions would you take? Well I think the simplest route would just be to kill them all. And you know, simplest is not always the best, but certainly maybe camps change. Oh, tags. Maybe some kind of labeling system. Some or a registration of some sort change. I would just learn how to speak German and then change.

(40m 42s):
I would get some steel tote boots and I'd start practicing my kicking. That's what I would do. And that's, you know, that would work. That'd be good enough. All, Right Wade? Can they be killed? I mean the simple answer is yes. Now I think that we have the top people working on how to do it, how to do it effectively and dare I say kill them safely. But yes they can be killed. Hmm. Bob, how would you kill them? Quickly, very quickly. Quickly is possible. All, right? Wouldn't wanna hear the sounds they might start making if you did it too slowly.

(41m 25s):
Wayne, is there a peaceful solution to all of this? Is cohabitation possible? My partner here has said it it best at this point. No, we're beyond that. It's time to just let her rip, get out the fists. I call this one goodwill and this one hunting change. I call this Susie, I call this Q change. We got the sandwich feast or any plot that we might have had. I have lost along the way Bob. So is it possible that they've already infiltrated too deeply to actually handle, is there hope when it spread this far?

(42m 11s):
I think a way to start sussing this out is, is all, all government buildings, all seats of power high up offices in major corporations. We need to start just really putting as many dehumidifiers in as physically possible because I don't think that they will tolerate that dry air like that very well. And maybe maybe dry, but cold. Keep it dry but cold. I don't think that's very good. I think that would start to really weed out like, well maybe, maybe, yeah, maybe they are that deep but also maybe there are some places that have not been infiltrated to the same extent. And then that's sort of like a first step towards also maybe get some big fake insects and sort of stick those around on the walls and stuff and see if you see, see if you could catch 'em slipping, you know what I mean?

(42m 60s):
All, Right. Okay. Does that sound like the right idea? That's A, yeah, that's a good, that gives me hope Wade. Okay. Is it possible that your partner here could be one of them? All my life I would've said no. But based on what I've heard here today, it's hard to say. I feel like his answers have kind of indicated the opposite of what I would do, which leads me to believe, lemme grab my 10 foil hat Change. Let me give him his 10 foil hat. He forgot it. Change. I'm Going to eat my own sandwich 'cause I'm really hungry. Plow right in here. Listen. Dehumidifiers, insects all around. No, we need to make it hot and wet and just lure them all in and then it'll be easier to get rid of them.

(43m 44s):
Hmm. Interesting. Interesting. Bob, do you need another question? are you, are you onto the trail? Are Are we talking about the reptilian theory is are the rep reptile people Wade? What's your guess? I'm just here playing along man. I don't, Bob. Yes, you're absolutely right. It's about the lizard people. Ha ha. Yeah, see you got there, you got there, you got there All, right? Okay. I thought it was originally like Russian spies have infiltrated the US and then I was like, oh, it's like the the weird like computer diseases that are being spread implanted And I was like, oh we're gonna kill them. And then we went with insects and so I I was with like diseases.

(44m 25s):
I was not the people, reptile people yet. So close. So close. Bob. Bob, you're gonna start kicking all the lizard. I think Wade might actually be one of these lizard people. Why would you say that? I wouldn't be surprised. Yes, yes, it might be true All, right? We're gonna, we're gonna call it there. I apologize if it was a little more ramshackle, but it was very funny for me to listen to. That was well done guys. If there is ever is the next time, I'll come up with better questions beforehand, but I had to rush it before this one. But All right? Well totally up the points Wade. It's Okay. You had two hard months. I wrote down the spread shitter. What does that mean? What does that mean, Wade? What? What Happened? I don't recall at this point in our careers, that sounds like something I would've done 10 years ago for views, but not now.

(45m 10s):
I've changed. Yeah, I don't know what that is all about. Anyway, All, right? And then you got points for ears and smell. Very, very funny. Both of those made me life incredible. Bob, you got eye flesh and again, I don't know what that means. Good, but you were crushing it with the guesses. You were on top of all these Conspiracy theories. You got fake moon landing, chemtrails, JFK, leisure people. You might have gotten all of them. You might have had a clean sweep. I believe there was one where you both kind of had it at the same time, but you swept this competition. Congratulations Bob. You are today's winner. But Wade, you had the biggest laughs. I gotta, I gotta admit I'm Okay with that. I'm not gonna lie. I got so enraptured in like my fake answers that I kind of quit remembering the answers that were real.

(45m 52s):
And Bob's like changes were always so just off the rails that by the time he finished his answer, I had forgotten everything we'd gotten to. so I was I was divining things. I was using my changes for strong, strong shifts in my guesses. And I never knew by the end which way to believe anymore. Just like Conspiracy theories. So Wade, please guide us through your loser speech brought to you by our sponsor.

(46m 15s):
Well I like to think mug root beer for sponsoring this loser speech mug root beer. You got that dog in you. Well, you could have a lot of things in you if your conspiracies are true Change, You could have a lot of things yanked out of you if the conspiracies are true. You never know what could be ripped or change. You never know what might be vacuumed out with today's sponsored vacuum. The mug vacuum for when you got that dog fur on ya. I don't know, man. I lost Bob is the better Conspiracy theorist. I just enjoy the laughs and I'm gonna take a sip of this and regret a lot of my answers. So thank you mug.

(46m 56s):
Thank you Mark. Congrats to Bob Tip. I change Big gulp time Change. I just wanna smell it. Great stuff. Bob. Winter speech. Yeah, I know a lot about conspiracies. I think everyone who knows me knows I'm a big Conspiracy nut and I definitely deserve to win this today. I didn't wander very far down any hilariously wrong paths multiple times. And with Mark desperately trying to point me in the right direction at all. I think it was, it was a clean episode. Good, clean, fun. Oh, and I'm just excited to host, really, I get to make the rules next time Change because That means nothing because this show is stupid.

(47m 37s):
But I'm excited about it anyway, so who cares? Well said Bob. Well said. And thank you all you stupid listeners and stupid watchers out there idiots. Hope you enjoyed this stupid episode. Have a good day. Check out Distractible store.com for our merch. Thank you to no, no change. Change. No, no, it's over. Thank you. Check out Bob. Wave my scream. Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7. This is Mark Lar next week. Bob will host. Have a good day, have a good weekend, have a good week, and we'll see slash hear you slash value in the next episode. Podcast out.