(0s):
This episode is brought to you by bloomberg.com. It's important to get the full story. You know, I once thought that pigs couldn't eat while they were hanging upside down. Eventually I found a study where they figured out that pigs can eat while they're hanging upside down. I was just wrong. It's important to get the full story. It's important to know what you're talking about. Bloomberg.com does an excellent job in helping you get all the details. They connect the dots in a unique way, giving people a deeper, richer level of understanding when it comes to current events. Context changes everything. Learn more@bloomberg.com.

(36s):
This is an ad by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. And that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session and pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Making therapy more affordable and easier to fit into your life. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better. Help connects you with licensed professionals who can help with everything from anxiety to everyday stress at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it, and now it's within reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support, therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/stooges.

(1m 36s):
What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, a goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling. We have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.

(2m 5s):
Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode, weirdo Wade tossed the triumvirate to take on Tinseltown Bambling Barb, the nutter for cases mimics mini then crashes the market with King Kong and classic jazz movie Make our Mark digs Da Vinci Black Magic and Boo, then starts to gate war and bans boobs from bickering babies to new rules. Yes, it's time for Dippy Dog does dunk Kirk now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.

(2m 50s):
Hey everyone. Hello. Hello, hello. Welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade, the bald one joined as always by my co-hosts and sometimes competitors currently competing against each other. Mark. Hi. And Bob. I thought I was gonna be the bald one going forward. I thought we were gonna make a, I thought it's fine. That's fine. I just thought we had Talked about that. I trademarked being bald, so I have to own it now. I thought we got All the fighting out before the episode started. We promised you wouldn't do this to people. Look, I'm, I'm not fighting. I was just asking a que I'm just curious. That's what we do here. We just ask questions. Okay. I'm not, I'm not fighting. I'm not fighting with, I'm complain a lot more than we should.

(3m 30s):
That didn't sound like a question to me. That Makes some notes here about this complaining and fighting. I feel this is your first time being here. The way the show works, as one of us hosts took a be for points, whoever has the most points at the end gets to see if they still win after some wheel spins. And if they do, they host the next episode. Nuh I. No, I think he's actually right about that. I know he is usually wrong. Nuh, you disagree. That's not True. I think he's just trying to lose points. Mark, I see that side. I see your cheek where that baby punched you. That's not true. I'll send that baby back in. It's impossible. It might be small talk. That's where we usually start. So what's new? Small talk, intrusive thoughts. I'm having them. They're not super intrusive, but they're stupid.

(4m 11s):
I like phone cases. Right. I have a lot of phone cases in my Life. Okay. Yeah, we've heard that once. And I don't know why this didn't occur to me, but the other day we were hanging out and I was doing, I was doing something on my iPad and James comes up and is like, Hey, what are you doing? And wants to play with the iPad. And so he is sort of pawning at it and whatever. And I was like, I know what I'll do. I'll just slip the case off the iPad and hand that to him and then I'll keep the iPad part. 'cause I have a case that just pops right off. Super easy. That worked fine. But something in my brain was like, man, I hate that case. Oh, so it's got the stupid edge and the buttons don't work. And then Mandy said something or I thought something and my brain was just like, why don't I collect iPad cases?

(4m 55s):
The way that I collect phone cases. Those are the same thing. I only have one iPad case. I've had one this whole time. Oh no. So it's really stupid because there's not a lot of differentiation in the world of iPad cases. There's some, but it's not remotely like phone cases where there's all these different companies who are like, we have the best of whatever. I can't get over it. I can't let it go. I'm sitting here staring at all these iPad cases, just being like, maybe that one, maybe that one's the one. I'll just buy a couple then I'll know the truth anyway. It's not a serious problem and I haven't bought any yet. But next time we get together, expect me to have just a bunch of iPad cases And, and so it will be a problem.

(5m 40s):
I mean, it's almost guaranteed at this point. I don't like this about myself. I don't mind the phone cases thing, but the, the iPad cases, it's too far. Okay. Not that that's gonna stop me from doing it. 'cause that's not how this works. But it's too far. You are a curious case. I like that joke. Wait, I liked it. You are a curious case. I liked it. I was just in the middle of my talking, so I, anyway, that's all, that's what I got going on. Oh. Actually, can I throw a question out there? Maybe the subreddit can help me with this. A electricians or amateur electricians in the subreddit. I have an outlet in the garage. It stops working when it rains hard outside. I've checked the wall. No water gets into the wall. I've checked the outlet.

(6m 21s):
It's a perfectly fine outdoor rated GFI outlet. It's even under a plastic cover. Nothing is, no water is physically dripping onto it or getting into it. It's on the, it's right next to the door to the house of the garage. It's not like it's out by the open garage or anything. Why does it stop working? But only when it rains really hard. If it just sprinkles, it doesn't affect it. But if it storms that outlet, the GFI pops. What the fuck? That's all. I just, I've asked people, I've asked people who know about electrician stuff and they were kind like, wow, never heard that before. Sorry. If you know anything help, please help. Is it possible that you're just wrong? What do you mean that the water does get in or something?

(7m 2s):
Or Is that like, it goes off other times too and there's some Cause unrelated to the water. No. 'cause the car, the, it's my car is plugged into it. I have a plugin hybrid And it, the car tells me on my phone when it's, when it'll be like, oh, I'm unplugged. What happened? And so I know when it, 'cause it happened at like in the middle of the night. It's been stormy the past week. And so overnight one night the car at three in the morning was just like, I'm not charging. And I was like, I'm asleep dude. I don't fucking care. But so I know exactly when it does and doesn't happen because that's what's plugged into that outlet. It's always been storm related. Yeah. It's always when it storms really hard after the first day of storming the next day sometime or overnight, it'll just start the G The GFI will just pop no more electricity.

(7m 46s):
And now it's working again. It's already, it was only, I don't understand. Anyway, if anyone knows anything, please help. Please fucking help. Please. I'll pay you help. That's all. That's, I just, I've chosen to do that with my small talk today. So help, help, Please help. I have something that's actually not related to anything I've talked about in the past, but semi-related. But it's relatively new. So many people know. What are you writing? What are you writing, Wade? What are you writing? I was gonna give you a point for news topic. Oh, okay. All right. Wait, talk about server farms. Wait, tell us about lenses. I have, I have other things. I'm not gonna start with that, but it's, it's, it's related. So man, man, this weird chilly thing.

(8m 28s):
I I you're making me At to clear my throat. Stop it. Yeah. What is happening here? I just replace it with like Mario and Luigi noises every time we cough. Woo-hoo. Make it wahoo. I've been saying for a while that I didn't like premiere. Right. I've used since 2012. That's when I started editing. That's when I started YouTube. It's no coincidence I had it since there. I liked it, but only because it was the only software I ever used. And I didn't use any other, and I've heard that others weren't that great. And Premier was kind of the golden standard and I agreed with it. It worked. It worked well. Every update since then, it got worse. Not joking, got worse. Performance got worse. The, the tools they were cramming there didn't always work well.

(9m 11s):
They changed how things work that didn't need to be changed. And eventually I started hearing about DaVinci Resolve, DaVinci Resolve Da Vinci Resolve. And so I switched DaVinci Resolve there. It's good. Yeah. That's me. I've been doing it the whole time. Wow. Oh, you've been subliminally in my Schmick house. Trying to get me to go over to Da Vinci. Put A walkie talkie behind the drywall in your bedroom and just bit me in the middle of the night. Like was off, off. Do you have a financial interest or is this just a prank? I just thought it'd be funny. It's been a long slow game. Well, they just released the beta for Da Vinci 20. And this is, I believe, the nail in the coffin for a lot of people that have not switched yet from Premier.

(9m 51s):
Because number one Da Vinci Resolve is not a subscription. It is a one-time payment if you want the studio version and it's free if you want the not studio version. Do You get updates with that too? Yeah, every update is still free. They may change that in the near future. People were kinda like iffy about it. 'cause they said in the release one, but 20 is so much better. So many new features. The key frame editor has improved. They've had different magic masks. They've a smooth cut has been improved. So many other audio based features for automatic transcriptions, assigning subtitles, even detecting like speakers in one, automatically diverting audio tracks, checker boarding them. So many good features. There's a few controversial AI features that, you know are included.

(10m 31s):
But the fact that they're so robust for the same price that I paid three years ago now for it. 'cause I bought it and I had it for a while and, and hey, I bought a Black Magic camera, came with Studio for with a, which is $395 if you buy it. But that's once subscriptions for Adobe are outrageous. And they were locking you into those Subscriptions. They're like twice that much a year at full price. It's like, or more like, it's ridiculous. Yeah. And Da Vinci has, you know, editing, audio editing. They include better vertical video things. They got better quick export features. They, they just a more robust, they have their visual effects studio built into it. It's, it's just Better. You mean it's not a separate software to do VFX, like After Effects is what a fucking world to live in.

(11m 15s):
Fusion has its quirks, but as I get to know it more, 'cause it's very different with node based working. It's just better. It's the industry standard color software. What do you use For thumbnails? For thumbnails? I'm still stuck. I still do Photoshop, which is like the only software I pay for with Adobe. Now. Is there even a real competitor to Photoshop? I don't know. I know Gimp is like an open source free thing, but I don't know a name brand competitor to Photoshop that exists. It's crazy. There Is a huge opportunity there for that. And hell, maybe Black Magic would like to step in there, but it's really not their, not their arena. Oh, they're like a hardware company, right? I mean, we should Make one and call it picture store. But it is just awesome.

(11m 56s):
I, It took me an embarrassingly long time to get that Joe. I just, it's hit me like when you laughed, I was like, what did he say? Backtrack. Oh, You should pay more attention to me. I'm the host picture store Anyway. For anyone who even dabbles in editing out there, I highly encourage it. It is, it was growing pains. There are some quirks at it. There are still some bugs. Especially if you go at it with the idea that it works like Premier does. Which it doesn't always do that. But for the most part, I have had such a better experience editing in it with my workflow with everything about it. Just all in one. As an editor who's worked for 13 years now, just editing, which a lot of people are like, you're a YouTuber.

(12m 37s):
Like I still love, I love editing. Editing is my favorite thing. Editing Iron Lung, like any other big project. He Does that on purpose. I choice. It's pretty unhinged really. I enjoy it. It's so fun. Da Vinci this. I'm not sponsored in any way. I wish I was. I really do wish I was. Oh, there's another plug. All right. Here we go. Hey, da Vinci. Resolve. Hey Da Vinci. Send him 500 megatons of pallets. Mark needs a pallet of Da Vinci Resolve Asap. Dude. They, they throw those around like, like nothing. It's, I wish there was something more that I could get for Da Vinci, but you know, the, the whole secondary market of like plugins is not as robust as Premier or like after Effects.

(13m 19s):
And I get that. There's, there's some limited thing but there's so many features built into the thing and there's more people that are joining, which means more plugins are gonna be made. It's great. I love it. It's great. I think all editors should switch and if Adobe is listening, change your goddamn policies. You are right now losing everyone. And I know competition is supposed to be good. You're losing if you can't see it now. Look a few years in the head, in the head, in a head, in any head look. And you'll See where the trajectory is going. Look in your head, Adobe only has themselves to, to beat and they are currently beating the shit out of themselves.

(13m 60s):
They, no one else even makes things that compete with several of their mainstay pieces of software. And they're still, people are still like, oh, maybe I don't need a PDF reader or Photoshop. I'll just take better pictures I guess. Yeah, that'd probably be easier in my life. It's crazy. But yeah. Da Vinci 20, it's still in beta even. I've ran into some bugs working with it. So they still have some things to work out. But all in all, man, it's great. I gave some amount of points for that. Very generous.

(14m 34s):
This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it most. That's Uber. They can give you a ride somewhere. They can bring food to your door. They can do all those things. I'm just thinking about the times that Uber's helped me get to and from airports going around to like conventions. 'cause it's sometimes it's cheaper straight at the hotels A little bit when you didn't come to my birthday party. But you Ubered somewhere else for some reason. Yeah, I have your Uber account. Where'd you go, Wade? I had plans that day That weren't the thing I invited you to for my birthday celebration that I told you was very important to me. Yes. 'cause one was closer inconvenience than your birthday. Your weekly haircuts that you keep on the schedule, despite the fact that I think we all know you don't need weekly haircuts anymore. I Might not have been there for you, but Uber was there for me. Listen, whatever it is, big, small Bob's birthday, Uber is on the way. So you can be on your way to what matters most to you. Not my birthday. Uber on our way.

(15m 35s):
This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible offer Is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made.

(16m 5s):
Why? Anything else y'all want to add before I jump into a titillating topic? I don't think so. Wow. Okay. I mean, I do, but you know, Whatever Wade to just cut him off. Wade. Wow, My bad Wade, I forgive you. I forgive you. Oh, I feel like you're the me of this episode as far as competitors go, man. Giving me some, some trouble as the host. I appreciate that. Yeah. Good to have an antagonist And tag of this. Editors Put A penis in his frame just slightly emerging from below. Oh no From above. That's even scarier. Hit him from all sides. Just a blur.

(16m 45s):
Enc roaches from all directions into me. Like Let's try to assume, You know, it is your own penis. Like, you know, Whatever you say. I see, I see. Sure. Now make one sneak up from behind him. Holding a knife, wearing a mask And tag of this. All right. All right. Enough of this. I have a topic and at first take Bob. You might think this is skewed against you, but it's not. Okay. That feels pretty Fair. I know for a fact that you two can come together and work together to make this happen. However, only one of us here as of right now has or is working on a movie. But I think that experience will be important 'cause we're gonna make a movie.

(17m 27s):
Mm. Yeah. But let me set the scene for you. I know stuff. The year is 2040. Okay. You two have been making movies together for like 15 years. You both know what you're doing. You're experience. Okay? The problem is you're out of ideas. Mm. Writers have no ideas. You two no ideas. AI can't help Us. AI cannot help. But there's one thing that can, standing on the backs of those that came before and their backs have been crushed by time because their works are now in the public domain. Ooh. So we're using characters, plots, music, whatever else you might need.

(18m 8s):
That's now in the public domain. The caveat is you can only take one thing from each work. So one character, one plot point, song, whatever may be what's, What's the statute of limitations on copyright, if that's the right term. It's, It varies country by country. And it's different for different things. If two people go in on something together, it's like when the younger person dies, plus 75 years, sometimes it's 95 years. Can you just give us a number so we know what era and Legality aside law laws changed in 2050? So I Picked 2040 for a reason. Oh, 2040. Just to give you guys what should be in public domain by 2040, there's a bunch of characters.

(18m 48s):
If you guys look at like, you can just Google like what characters should be in public domain by 2040. We'll just assume they are. There's some interesting things, but I wanted to give you a little bit more to work with than what's currently out there. 'cause like, you know, there's, there's some stuff, but there's even more things like the original Batman, comic Popeye. Does it change it if say that character originally appeared a while ago, but then has since reappeared? Yeah. So like Steamboat Willie just entered public domain last year. So you can use Steamboat Willie, but you can't use the more modern iterations of Mickey Mouse yet. Is that what they argued? Like Willie is not Mickey Mouse. It's Willie, I think officially. Yeah. So it's William Modern depictions or like, you know, things, ways, things have changed.

(19m 32s):
You have to wait for that version of it to go into the public domain. So like when I say Batman, it, the public domain or interest? The public domain, like 2034 or something. It's the original like de debuting comic of him. Okay, got it. Technically Superman and Lex Luther appeared in public domain, but Lex Luther was originally only known as Luther. So only the Luther version of him can appear until Lex, which is like 1960. So, I mean, when Winnie the Pooh went into public domain, the one of the first movies, like right Outta the Gate was just Pooh And it was like just a, like a horror movie. I don't know if that was real or not. Was that real? I think it was. I never saw it or anything else about, I heard of it.

(20m 13s):
Winnie the Pooh is actually what? Blood and Honey. That's what it was actually called. Okay. Yeah. Well, you two are gonna work together to pick out some characters, a plot soundtrack. Be careful what you choose. 'cause you can only use one thing from it. Hey, wait, what You mean what? Wait, Wait, wait. What? That Wasn't confusing. He, he had Said that before. Yeah. I'm, I'm misunderstanding your confusion here. I Don't know, just one thing from one thing. I don't know what I didn't hear, but hey, a third one of those is coming All right. Now he's mad. A third one of Blood and Honey. Yeah. Winnie the Pooh, a third Winnie the Pooh Horror movie is coming, coming. There Was a Winnie the Pooh Horror Game. I think I played it. I think maybe it was Roblox or something. I can't remember. But I think I did something on it a while back.

(20m 54s):
Take a moment, find some characters, find whatever you think. It's gotta be in public domain by 2040. But you guys cannot have original ideas. You're stitching together everything. I, I already know who the main character should Be. Even before knowing your plot, I have a submission for the main character. Yes. I figured it'd be too convoluted. Otherwise. Mark, do you want to talk about this? See if we come together on this. Oh, oh yeah. We're working together. I forgot about that. Yeah, I suppose we should. Oh Wait, no, I'm an idiot. Oh wait, no, I'm not an idiot. I'm smart. Alright. Dippy dog. The original character that was, that is now Goofy enters the public domain in 2028.

(21m 36s):
Oh, I saw Dippy Dog when looking. Yep. Dippy Dog. I think Dippy Dog is a solid candidate for, the main character Is Pluto in the public domain. Pluto enters the dub public domain in 2026, originally named Rover, apparently. So it might be the Rover variant. Oh, so does Rover. That is the character that is now Pluto. When does Goofy with the name Goofy? Is that, is it just Dippy dog that's out right now? That's a solid question. So I don't think you guys can use Goofy or Pluto. It would have to be Dippy Dog and Rover most likely. Let's see, Goofy's, copyright expires 2028 says Google. And who knows what the real answer is.

(22m 16s):
2029 maybe Pluto will enter public domain followed by Donald Duck and Goofy in 2029. Oh, okay. All right. With the original name. So I'm thinking there's a goofy Pluto Horror movie coming up. Oh, okay. Donald Duck as well. I like it. If we just get genre too, It could be a movie adaptation of that animal Russian roulette game we were playing, but with Steamboat Willie Pluto Goofy and Donald Duck Liars Bar. Yeah. Liars Bar. Yeah. Which movie that entered Public Domain has that plot so you can use it. Oh Fuck. 12 Angry Men. Is that in public domain? Is It The Hound of the Baskervilles?

(22m 56s):
Pretty similar to Liars Bar Baskervilles. What? The hound of the Hound of the Baskervilles. I, I'm fairly certain that it's not, yeah. Apparently Goofy's name or persona was established in 1934. So I, I presume that means that goofy, that that mark is right about those Hound of the Baskervilles. Oh, it's, it's a Stephen Hawking, what is his name? Hmm? Sherlock Holmes. That's it. Cherlock Holmes. Stephen Hawking. Hey, Stephen Hawking is S and H. It was, You can see that? Oh yeah, that's true. That's true. That's true. Yeah. No, that was published 1901, but there was a movie made of it, 1939.

(23m 39s):
So that should be, I believe. Okay. So is that the one where, what is that one? What is that one? Baskervilles Sherlock Holmes. Do you want, do you have Bob? You wanna read your synopsis? I only have a short summary of it, but basically a guy seeks out Holmes and Watson because his friend was sounds found dead outside of his mansion with no marks of violence. But giant paw prince nearby borer fears. The legend may be real that the heir Sir Henry Baskerville might be next to be murdered by the Ghost Dougie. Ghost Dougie Or the giant, the hound. The hound of the Baskervilles. Yeah.

(24m 19s):
The one I have says that Holmes is intrigued by a legend that every generation of the Baskerville family will eventually be killed by this monstrous hound. Every generation. Every generation. Even back in time. Interesting. Anyway, the the turn is, it's actually just a big wild dog that is covered in phosphorus to make it glow in the dark and is trained and used as a murder weapon by a guy named Jack Stapleton, who is secretly a Baskerville trying to kill off boilers all of the baskervilles and inherit the family estate. No, that's what happened. I'm spoiled. The movie I was gonna make and needed to research is Spoil to me.

(24m 59s):
Well now you can take part of that plot if you would like it. Can we Mix other movies in or does it have to be just one? Oh yes. I encourage you too, if you just don't just remake the movie. Okay, good. All right, good. I think it was lost that I said that that was the same plot as Liar's Bar. But if you expand a little bit bit Understood. I'm sure Liar's Bar is basically in there. Or vice versa. A Liar's bar isn't in the public domain unless games fall under a different category. Yeah. Their public domain is one year. Look, Russian roulette probably is in the public domain. I'm just gonna go out and let and Say that that's true. There's also Wizard of Oz is probably in the public domain. I don't care what the new movie, you know, wicked is all it.

(25m 40s):
It's not the same Wizard of Oz Hunter, the basils hundred, the Baskervilles in Disney's version of Oz. I don't know when Wizard of Oz hits the public domain or hit the public domain. The concept of Russian roulette is a gamer metaphor. It's A 1900 novel That would be, the novel would be maybe not the movie. The film was 1939. The same as the film for Hound of the Baskervilles by 2040. That will be, that will be public domain. This Is fucking great. And the game Russian roulette is a concept or whatever is considered to be in the public domain. Okay. We've got our plot coming together. So the Cowardly Lion is Goofy Baskerville Wizard of Oz and Russian roulette. Okay. The Cowardly Lion is the guy who's wearing the Baskerville costume murdering the Tin Man.

(26m 27s):
Sebo Willie and Dorothy Pluto. And the straw man. Everyone's inner demon. Donald Duck. Donald Duck straw man. Yeah. Maybe Donald Duck is Dorothy. No, no, no. God no. That's stupid. Can't really Go. Oh wait, no, that Donald can't be the scarecrow. Donald is clearly the wicked witch of the West. Well then, who's the Tin man? Didn't we have another character lined up? Just to be clear, the cowardly line is dippy dog. Oh no, we decided that was, I like Dippy dog better, honestly. Dippy Dog had Dippy dog. Cowardly LA is dippy dog. Who's Sherlock in this? Is it the Wizard? And where are play playing?

(27m 8s):
Russian roulette. Who? Steamboat Willie. Steamboat Willie is the Tin Man. Scarecrow. That's the one we need. Scarecrow and Dorothy. I don't know who Scarecrow and Dorothy are. Well, what female characters are in the public domain? There's comic book characters. I think Wonder Woman might be by 1940. Yeah. Wonder Woman will be public domain by then. I don't know if that fits. Okay, I got it. It's a World War I period piece. World War i's in the public domain. Right? Right. Yeah. World War i's gotta be in the public Domain probably. Yeah. So we can steal anything from World War I. You Can have World. You can do World War I. It's all coming together. Okay. Arch Duke, Franz Ferdinand, also known as Goofy, is having a game of Russian of Liar's Bar with Sherlock Holmes's Nemesis Moriarty Moriarty.

(28m 6s):
That's the guy Probably known. That's his first name. It was supposed to be a friendly game, but unfortunately, bang Boom. World War I Archduke Gone. So Goofy's Dead. It's who Killed Goofy. Who killed Goofy. And how did this start? World War I, it's a wizard of World War I. It's Perfect. I think, I think the title should be simpler though. I think it should just be World War I A goofy War. No, shorter. It's just gotta be A Goofy War Movie. A goofy war. A goofy war movie. That's My favorite movie.

(28m 47s):
A goofy war. Oh man. You know, he and his son go on a road trip, then his son goes to college and then his sun goes to war. Leading Tower of Bleed. And that song is in it. I to I, yeah. Gun to Gun. Is that in the public domain? No, definitely not. Okay. I've been trying to follow and keep up with the plot, but it's changed dramatically. So do we still have the characters from Wizard of Oz in this? We, yeah, we, we gotta show Throw out a goofy war. 'cause that's too close to a goofy movie. It's not in the domain. That's true. That's true. Okay. I've got Dippy dog is the Cowardly Lion Steamboat Willie is the 10 man Scarecrow.

(29m 27s):
Donald Duck is the wicked witch. Dorothy Arch Duke. Franz Ferdinand is Also Dippy dog. No. Who did I say? He was Goofy. I thought no. Moriarty was facing him in a game of, what are the slippers? Oh God. What are the slippers? It's, it's a ruby red gas mask. Click your eyes together. And I want to, oh, it's just someone with a, the red gas mask in a trench going, I wanna go home. I wanna go home. There's no place Like, oh God damn. Look. All the best movies that win all the awards are depressing.

(30m 7s):
We gotta make it as depressing as possible. None of this happiness, none of this color. Just like Wicked. Just take all the color out. Don't need It. Is that what happened in Wicked? Yeah. They took all the color. That was a whole story. Yeah. They were like, ah, fuck all this color. And they were like, get it outta here. Okay. For Dorothy, we have a few options here. There's Betty Boop, wonder Woman, snow White, I believe Mina Harker from Dracula. Alice. Maybe from Alice and Wonderland might be by then. I've got one. This is a bit of a twist, but come with me. If you can see it. Dorothy will be played by King Kong. Right. Really switching the roles. Switching the roles.

(30m 47s):
Kong is currently the public demand. King Kong will be in 1929. Think about it. Yeah. And that means King Kong means that the Scarecrow can be played by Mary Poppins. Yes. Is that possible? Wait, didn't Mary Popper come out? Wasn't that in the fifties? Mary Poppins should enter the public domain in 2030. The original characters. Oh really? According to what I'm seeing online. I don't know if that's probably the novel that proceeded the movie we all know or whatever, but, Okay. So Scarecrow is Mary Poppins. Dorothy was King Kong Or the Dorothy? Is Tom and Jerry in a trench coat? Tom and Jerry working together? Nah, they wouldn't work together though. That's the thing I was gonna say, we still have Sherlock Holmes Moriarty and Archduke Ferdinand on the list shaping Enough to be like an Ocean's 11 kind of thing.

(31m 30s):
But I don't know. Dorothy Should be Jerry and the Flying Monkeys should all just be Toms with wings. 'cause that's kind of the dynamic. Dorothy should be Jerry. Ah man. Oceans 11 was really a 1960 movie about World War ii. We're one war off or too many. Ah, it's never gonna work. I think we need to simplify the plot or make it more complex. I think more complex is definitely the way to go. What is the plot? 'cause simple, you know, this is 2050. 2040. People are smarter now for sure. Almost guaranteed. Oh Yeah. Education going up. Yeah, absolutely. So far for plot, I have Wizard of Oz, hound of Baskervilles. Russian Roulette, world War I. I think what it's missing is a finance aspect.

(32m 15s):
I think we should the, the like climax. The turn into the third act should be the stock market crash of 1929. I guess the stock marsh could crash, would be public domain. And the stock market can be played by King Kong. Who is Dorothy? Yes. So it's like the house that Dorothy was in is the crash incoming. And then Boom lands on the poor businessmen of the New York Stock Exchange where Archduke Ferdinand was visiting, playing a game of Russian roulette. Played by, Played by PLU Pluto or no goofy Rover.

(32m 57s):
Rover. Rover. Yeah. Rover's Arch two. Ferdinand. Who's Moriarty in Sherlock In this Moriarty definitely needs to be Bugs Bunny. Yeah. Oh yes. Great choice. And then, and then Sherlock needs to be also Bugs Bunny The Hunter. No, what's his name? Elma. Elmer Fud. I don't know if, is he in public domain? Bugs Bunny is supposed to enter the public domain by 2035. The original character apparently. Oh, easy. Okay. Elmer Flood is Sherlock Holmes. Yeah. So Elmer Fud is Sherlock Holmes and his shotgun is called Watson. And, and Bug's Bunny is Moriarty Who killed Franz Ferdinand in the New York Stock Exchange.

(33m 42s):
Not with a gun in, in in Russian roulette, but with Dorothy King Kong crashing onto the entire New York Stock Exchange. Therefore sparking World War I. Can you run that by me one more time? I was, This movie's gonna be like eight hours long. No, a tight 90 minute movie. This is really, really Tight. This isn't Oh, public domain. But this is also not copyright infringement. I don't think the World War I part of the movie. 'cause I assume there'll be a war part is like Dunkirk. It's a woner one camera as follows the entire war chapter of this movie. It's just one big running shot of the war.

(34m 22s):
You know what else is in the public domain? Charlie Chaplin. Come on. He's A funny guy. He's a funny guy. So, you know. Well how are you using him? When The New York Stock Exchange crashes, the, there's a window that he just like stands in And it goes right around him. He's like, He does that bit a lot. Nah, I was gonna go on to make a, a Hitler joke, but everyone's already made that joke. Go on. Those are in good taste. No, Everyone's already made that. You know, Charlie Chap with the mustache and I was like that. He survived that, but then became jaded. 'cause Hitler fought in World War I and then went on to become, well he didn't become Hitler, but he was Hitler. He went on to be himself. I don't know if Hitler's in the public domain Something, something Beer hall push something, something, Something.

(35m 6s):
What Beer Hall push Wasn't like a failed attempt to like a coup by him or something. I dunno. I don't know my history. I super don't know My history don't, don't confront me with this. But who needs to know history? History isn't about, this isn't about history. The beer hall push, also known as the Munich push, was a failed coup attempt by Adolf Hitler, the Nazi party. And Munich, November 8th, eight. November 8th to ninth, 1923, aimed at overthrowing the Weimar Republic. Weimar Weimar. Well thank goodness that didn't work. So, but hey, It would be in the beer hall, push public domain. Beer pushes In the public Domain. I think maybe that doesn't, we have enough War Stuff. Oh, okay. I think that's kind of a hat on a hat. So the Great Depression in 1929 falls on the New York Stock Exchange and starts World War I in 1916.

(35m 52s):
Is the movie. Wait, no, the Great Depression doesn't fall. King Kong falls on it as Dorothy King Kong, who is Dorothy, which is in the house, which is the stock market crash. And the twister is the Great Depression. Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's not public. Oh, no Twister from Wizard Oz. Got it. I was like, twister's not public domain. Oh, No, no, no, no, no. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do That. I wouldn't do, yeah, no, that's not what we're talking about. Got it. Film fun fact. Do you guys know how they made the tornado in Wizard of Oz? I do. Wait, do you? It's worth points if you do. I remember reading this And it wasn't that long ago that I did. It was something No, it go, just tell me. 'cause I don't remember. Mark might actually know it better than I do.

(36m 34s):
Was it, was it asbestos or was it just like talcum powder? It's a big linen linen bag. Tube basically that they filled with dust and then there's just someone up top just going and making the dust come out, which gives it the tornado e effect. Yeah, it's a really convincing effect. No, It looks cool. Especially given the air and being all black and white or I guess brown gray scale at that point. Yeah, no, it's, it's that, it's a big piece of cloth that is strung out like this. And they might be blowing air into it as well. I was thinking cloth. I didn't remember the dust part of it, but Yeah, no, the dust. The dust definitely helped. Made it. Yeah, no, it's a really good, it's a really good effect.

(37m 14s):
Like you can do a lot with practical and get away with it, but not important. Anyway. Sorry, what, what was the twister? You were getting to something. The house is the stock market. It crashes on the stock market. The Twister was A great depression. Good, great Depression. Oh, okay. Yeah. So it's a great depression. Symbolic. It's symbolic people like Symbology And Charlie Chaplin's there Just doing House falls and, and Pratt Falls and stuff. Just doing physical comedy. Okay, let me, let me read my cast of characters here. I've got Cowardly Lyon played by Dippy dog. Steamboat Willie is the 10 man scare Crows Mary Poppins. Donald Ducks, the wicked witch. Dorothy is somehow both King Kong and simultaneously Jerry. Yeah. The flying monkeys are Tom Archduke.

(37m 54s):
Ferdinand is Pluto slash Rover Moriarty. Bugs Bunny, Sherlock Elmer Fudd Tornado Great Depression. Charlie Chaplin Watson Is Elmer's shotgun. Just to be clear, The plot is Dorothy, Jerry King Kong Falls lands into the New York Stock Exchange, which is World War Starts World War I for some reason. There's Russian roulette being played and then the Great Depression swirls around and lifts them up. Yeah, the great, the tornado is the Great Depression. It picks them up And it flings King Kong Bird Dorothy into World War I. And that's how we transition from sort of a third person camera into like the second person one shot following camera for the World War I sequence.

(38m 40s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Is there more to the movie or is this the whole movie? It's just the beginning. We're gonna spoil the whole movie. What kind of movie is that? Just the opening sequence. Yeah. We can't tell you how it goes. You have to, you have to watch it. Okay. It's a Warner. I know some of you can't imagine this in your mind, but imagine it's starting from a, a helicopter shot of the New York Stock Exchange period. Perfect. It's a scale model rep. It goes down into one of the big chimneys, gets a swirling smoke all coming up around And it emerges and starts to circle around. You see, you see Elmer Fudd stand? No. You see Bug's Bunny with a revolver pointed right at Archduke. Franz Ferdinand was played by whoever the fuck he's played by and swirling around like, you don't have the gut. It's duck season. Ludo rabbit season.

(39m 20s):
Duck season Rabbit sea bang has a blanket. King Kong slams down, whirling twister. The camera gets sucked up. Everyone's like, oh, up into the sky. Then, then, then the title comes out of the Twister and Bob. Oh yeah. That's what I've been thinking about the whole time. I was ready for that. I wasn't just listening The title, the title emerges from the twister And it just says We abandoned a goofy war movie. Is that not, is that not a goofy war? No, I love it. It's un unrelated Little Kong on the exchange. The movie is called, wait, I've got it.

(40m 2s):
Tom and Jerry Colon, the murder of Arch Goof Ferdinand and all that follows. And, and World War I is summarized in and all that follows. Long titles are in, we got all through the short titles. It's like URLs for websites. All the short ones went away real quick. So we're running outta short ones. Only so many words gotta go longer. AI started churning out movies. So we got we got this A limited window. Yeah. Tastes have actually changed so much that human art is emulating AI art because consumers have been conditioned to believe that AI generated stuff is like the main meat of the market. And if you want your movie to actually chart and, and, and perform at the box obvious, you basically are trying to make an AI movie just with a little bit of human perspective injected into it.

(40m 49s):
But you don't want it to be too human. You want it to really be sloshed around like it's an AI mixing everything up in there Together. Now, if we can make a deal with whoever owns a goofy movie and be like, can we use a goofy war? Yeah. Maybe that's the one we buy the rights for. There's Only one thing missing from our movie so far, When Music, what songs that in your public domain are gonna be featured in the movie? Happy Birthday. All right. It's a, it's a, it's a slowed down, horrifying child singing it. Version of as it goes down into the chimney. Yeah. Goes minor chord. Yeah.

(41m 29s):
As the camera goes up into the twister, that's when it rings out And many more. And then it goes into the main movie. Yeah. So here's some good news. Your movie comes out and it's a hit. Didn't even make it yet. I knew it will be. They love it. They love it. They love it. Using our time machine in 2040, we see, we see the future, But they want more. They want a sequel. And you can't reuse anything that you used in the original. I don't even know what we used in the original. What kind of sequels. Unfortunately this has been in my notes the whole time because I knew you guys would try to use as much as possible in the original. How many years Ahead are we?

(42m 10s):
Oh, 20, 45. Five years later. Originally it was also I gave you guys some leeway so it was supposed to be one thing per work. So you're like, you know, if you were gonna go to Wizard of Oz, you had to pick like one character. I gave you a bunch 'cause you guys were just paint balling everything from every work. So now we've moved on to a sequel where you can't use anything from the Original World War II's in Public Demand in 2045. World War II's in everyone's favorite sequel to the Great Depression World War I. We got it. We got it. Boys and girls. We got it. So no Sherlock, no Wizard of Oz probably. 'cause we used a lot of Wizard of Oz. King Kong gone. Charlie Chaplin out, bugs Elmer Tom and Jerry Pluto.

(42m 55s):
Goofy Wizard of Oz, hound of Baskervilles. Russian roulette, world War I Stock Market crash. Great. Depression All out. Happy Birthday. Can't use it. Damn. I think there's gonna be a lot of music in this one. It's okay. No, we still have options. You know what, this is a different tone. You Haven't used like any superheroes that have come in Superman, Batman, wonder Woman. We still have Betty Boop and Popeye love interests. Oh no, that's not what's Popeye's girl. Olive, Popeye and Olive. We can have Popeye and Olive Not in your movie necessarily. You can have whatever you want. Yeah. I mean Popeye and Betty Boop could be love interest. This is true. What stories could we use?

(43m 36s):
That's a great question. There's probably a lot out there. Okay, here's here's movies in the 1940s. Casablanca Citizen Kane. It's a wonderful life. The Bride of Frankenstein. Yes. The sands of Iwo Jima Classic 1949 Sands of Iwo Jima. So Iwo Jima is on the board. All right. So Sand is in Iwo Jima Iss in Miracle on 34th Street. Sherlock Jr. Came out in 1924. We could use Sherlock Jr. It's a Buster Keaton movie. No, Watson, Sherlock or Moriarty. But you can use Junior Santa is in. We can also use Nosferatu, which is one of the first horror movies of What had happened in Nosferatu Real Estate.

(44m 21s):
The Plague Naked Girl on Horse. At least in the more recent one. The royalty count, right. That's a title. That's The thing you remembered the most recent one. I didn't even remember the scene. Naked Girl on a Horse. It just came out of nowhere. So it was kinda like what, eh, I think it made sense if it, I didn't think about it much. Oh, also Dracula just, just Bella Lui's Dracula came out in 1931. Oh, you Guys didn't use Dracula before? So We did. We use, we used Donald Duck. We did not use Daffy Duck. So Daffy Duck. Oh, Okay. Is is Dracula. And then we got Lola Bunny. No, that was probably later.

(45m 1s):
Oh, what's that? You still got Wonder Woman, Betty Boop and whoever else I Said no. Okay. You don't. Okay. We got the picture of Dorian Gray came out in 1945. Phantom of the Opera. 1943. I I, we do have Miracle on 34th Street, which is in 1947, which means Santa Claus's there so far I've got Daffy Duck is Dracula Draki duck Tra duck D Track duck. I can't do a good Daffy duck. I would try to do a Dracula Daffy duck if I could, but I don't think I can do his. Like No one, no one needs that. You, you don't have to. No one's asking. Tweety Bird's owner. Granny is an option I think.

(45m 43s):
Is That Daff? He's love interest. Is that Mina? Who's Mina? The original Dracula. Is it Mina like the one he like goes after? These aren't the kind of details I bother myself with. I think we should ground this in a much more human story. I think we need to incorporate into the story. It needs to be structured around. It's a Wonderful Life. Okay. Okay. Okay. Plot. It's a wonderful Life. Same genre as It's a Wonderful Life, which is genre Horror slash touching family film. It's a wonderful death. Oh yeah. It's a wonderful birth. It's a Dracula bite. Dula dra Drac. Wait, what are we calling him? I hate It. I I really, I hate it.

(46m 24s):
I hate, I hate that. It's a wonderful bite. Look, I'm just trying to find anything that I know anything about here. I don't know a single thing about any of these characters or stories that we're currently dealing with. It's a wonderful war. We forgot about World War ii. Oh, that's right. It's A wonderful war. Dracula in the World War II movie. That's right. And to flip it on its head in this one, the sequel, the Warner is actually the part that's not about the war. Right. It's really boring. There's a lot of mundane everyday stuff. The action, the interpersonal action happens and then it's just a camera in a room with people eating food and scratching their nose and it's very, very boring and off out guard.

(47m 5s):
All right, I'll have that. Except we have to have Wade wink. We have to have a five and a half minute long credit opening credit sequence of Hear Me Out. Naked Woman on a Horse. Hmm. What movie is that from? That's in The Domain. I thought that was from Nosferatu. I It's definitely a movie that that's from We can't come up with any, any, any original ideas. I assume that was a an homage to the original. That was In the original. That was in the original. Yeah. Probably. I've not seen the original, but I'll choose to trust you. No, there Was some lost footage from the original. It was, it was, the entire movie was compiled from different pieces from a few different theaters. So there was actually a secret scene that nobody knows about, but it was obviously filmed of a really, really long, slow motion sequence of a naked woman on horse.

(47m 49s):
Listen, I'm a boob guy. You talked me into it. Boobs on a horse. No, not showing any of that. Actually. Hair over the boobs for taste. Yeah. It's artistic. Everyone's expecting boobs. We hit 'em with no boobs. I mean, it is a sequel. I guess it does have to be worse than the original. All right, fair enough. All out. There are some better sequels. Are we done? Can't say I'm not disappointed so far. Your plot is, it's a wonderful bite. World War ii. Daffy Duck is Dracula. That sound like you're done. Yeah, that's it. Yep. Yeah, I'm, I'm with you. It sounds like a movie. Are There any other characters other than Dracula? We list so many, eh, I'm not gonna list them again. Did you?

(48m 31s):
Yeah. Such as Daffy. Look, I'm not gonna get into it. Such As Daffy Duck Dracula. That's true. I can't argue you didn't list that one. Look, if you Can't pay attention, I don't know even know why we're bothering here. Wasting our breath on this. It's cool I play all your games, but it's All right. Whatever. We've pretty much nailed that. I'm gonna move on to music. This one's easy. Okay. It's a sequel. The tone is different. The entire score for this is early American jazz and pop music. Maple Leaf Rag St. Louis Blues. Ain't We got fun classics. Honestly, we're just doing this for the money at this point.

(49m 11s):
So this is basically a cat. We don't have to work too Hard. I missed your music. Did you guys name a single song? He just, He, he was a, he was just blasting it out there. I named three songs I was opening, name 'em again please. Maple Leaf Rag, St. Louis Blues and eight. We got fun. All right. We have three songs. One character and title that's a movie. And I said generally Early American jazz and pop music. There's a lot. Everything that pre 1929 jazz scene is rife with songs that all sound largely the same. Well, I'm not gonna lie, the sequel was much less well received than the original.

(49m 51s):
Especially when you started off by covering the boobs. Good. We must be done then. But everyone went to see it because it was a sequel to such a great movie. So you guys made a lot of money on it. Oh cool. All Right. There is not demand for a trilogy. Oh, great. Actually that that's the best of all worlds. So I guess I'm gonna have to add something to a wheel and do some points and stuff here. Thank God I'm introducing a new mechanic to the show that we've never done before. Because like there were just points here where, I don't know what the fuck was going on. I tried to keep up. I was writing notes. I've got a whole thing of notes, whole thing of notes. But there were points where your guys' contributions were so muddy. Call backy murky. I didn't really know what to do, so I just wrote down some question marks and I've decided each question mark represents a D six role where you can earn up to three points or lose up to three points.

(50m 40s):
So like a A one is a minus three, A two is a minus two, three is a plus or a minus one four is a plus one. There's no zero. It's just negative three all the way to plus three. I Like that. Oh, I don't know about this. Each one of you got six question marks. So I've got the dice roller here that's gonna show the history. So, All right, so we're gonna roll a D six mark. Your name's up first. So let's go ahead and just roll it. What was My question? For what? What were you confused about? Oh, you have six que. You each have six question marks. 'cause you both confused me so I at least it's even unevenness. The higher the number the better for you. That's as is always the rule. All right, mark, we have a two, which is minus two points. So let's just mark, we have minus two plus two for the five minus two for the two minus two for the two plus one plus one.

(51m 28s):
Ah. So that's plus four minus six. So you lost two points on that. Wow. I feel like I didn't even get a chance to like send good vibes towards the roles. You just blasted them all out. No, you did not. Do You feel like that was on something? I just, you know, I, Do you know the total points yet? Do you wanna use it now or later? Can use it now? Let's see what happens. All right, Bob, you also have six question marks. 6, 6, 6, 5, 6. Smart. You should probably give it some vibes. Come on, do it. Do it for me. Boom, Boom, boom, Boom. That Looks pretty Good, Bob. Hey, that's not bad, Bob. We have minus one plus one plus two.

(52m 12s):
See, He got, see he got to in, in, In. He got to Like inject his Minus two the universe With like luck. That's how it works for me. Bob. That is minus three plus eight. You got a plus five. All right, Mark, you lost two. Bob, you gained five. Yeah. Well, okay, now best two outta three. No, I feel Like if I clarify the question marks, you know, You're asking for a chance to explain. You're confusing. Yeah, I, I wanna explain what I, I just, 'cause you know, my ideas are so cerebral. I understand they're not for the average mind. So I, So here's what happened. You guys both talked back and forth. We went through a lot of reiterations of plot.

(52m 52s):
I couldn't type or write fast enough to keep up with it. And so what I decided was fair was to mark that some amount of points were gained or lost depending on contributions. And I left that as, as my right as host up to a little bit of chance. I feel like that's not your right as host. I think part of the con, the part of the core of the constitution that we created was that we didn't want episodes to be decided by chance. Well, they're not entirely decided by chance. Chance was just a part of it. I would argue that wheels are also chance, and we allow wheels. Coin flips are chance, and we allow coin flips. Yeah. Well that's like a special carve out. Yeah, but they're only earned, you know, it's, it's earned based on what, what the, I mean, look, you are the host and I am not invoking any rights. I'm just throwing that idea out there.

(53m 33s):
I'm not invoking anything. Well, there aren't any rights to invoke other than one that I believe still exists. Yeah, well, I'm not invoking that one. I'm just throwing out some, some thoughts that I had. All right. One of you might invoke it soon. Let's see, mark, you got points for Da Vinci? Resolve. Resolve. I thought it said residue resolve is probably what I wrote After I saw the latest update. I left some Da Vinci residue, if you know what I mean. You liked my jokes twice. So you got two points for that. Not sponsored. Stephen Hawking is Sherlock Holmes Archduke Ferdinand. And there were the question marks. We resolved Russian roulette, happy Birthday, and then characters, some of the characters.

(54m 17s):
I don't know. There's a few points for characters in there. Then there's the three other question marks. Bob, you got points for iPod. Case collector, I interrupted you, which was rude of me. Drowned outlet. You're in Mark's walls with your radio. A goofy war mask movie. Mark King Kong is Dorothy. It's a Dracula bite. Scarecrow. Peepees. That's gonna be what that says Scarecrow. Oops. That's probably what I said. Mary Poppins. Scarecrow Poppins is probably what that says. Three points for various musical contributions, which I wrote down on here.

(54m 57s):
Maple leaf rag, St. Louis Blues. Ain't we got fun? Ain't we got fun? And then you got the five points for the question marks. 'cause you also had six question marks on here. Bob, you got 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 plus five, 16 points. Mark, you got 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 8 points. Seems like the dice didn't do you many favors, but we haven't done our wheel spins yet. So Mary, you're right. You're right. Make up eight points on wheel spins if there's, All right, here's Why I'm not throwing. The thing is because I get dice or impartial.

(55m 38s):
Thank you. And there's no way that I could have universally injected luck into them, but I Can now. I am invoking you. God's coin. I declare unfair. Okay, so I just read you the score was 16 to eight invoking unfair. You're saying that's not the score. So if you were right, I want, I just want a Chance you would double your score to tie it. I don't, no, I don't. Here's what I Owe Gods of coin. I just want to remove all points that were decided by a dumb question mark. Make me have a chance.

(56m 18s):
Okay. Alright. So Then what's the, what's the tails outcome of that Double. All the points are added by question marks. Yeah. Oh, all the question mark points. Only question. Well, if it's either no question marks or all or double question marks, right? No, I like that. What if all the points are converted to question marks, but all new question marks have to be rolled. So then, then we, then it basically kind resets the points And it is, it will be even more fair. Doubly fair. If question marks are The Fair way, then this, so shall it be. But if they're unfair, get them outta here. If Mark wins, the score would be 11 points. Bob, 10 points mark before we go into wheels.

(56m 58s):
All right. All right. I, I would take it, If it's all question marks, then the score is five to negative two with a whole lot of sixes to roll. Alright, I'm, I'm okay with this. Come on. Heads is mark tails All heads is gets rid of question marks. All tails is all question marks. Yes. I love this. This is my favorite one we've done so far. This Is, this is what it's meant to be. Please Don't be nothing. Ha ah ha. Tails. Oh my God. Tails. Tails. That's tails. 'cause heads is the lady in the dress. Okay, So we're into all question marks. I Guess that's an acceptable outcome.

(57m 38s):
Well, right now it's not looking good for you. Thank you. God's of unfair. I think maybe hold on for a second before I Thank you. So I have to roll 10 D sixes for mark and 11 D sixes for Bob. And then do all the math. I like my chances starting with a three point lead. You have a seven point lead, Bob, it's all question marks. That's All right. Get ready for the most sixes you've ever seen in your life, and I just hope it's on my turn. All right. So who is this for then? Mark, you won the challenge. You know you lost the challenge. Technically. Technically. So, Bob, you decide who goes first. I want to go first. All right. Bob is first. Bob, I have to roll. 11 D sixes for you?

(58m 20s):
Yes. Good. Okay. One, two, yes. 3 0 4 0 5. Yes. Six. Yes. Seven. Yes. 8 0 9. Yes. 10 Yes. 11. Yes. No, wait, no. I don't know what the hell that came out to. I got a, I got a final tally of three plus three to my score, but we'll see if everyone agrees. I got plus three is the end. That's what you said? Yeah, that's what I got. You have a plus three and you already had a five. So right now you're at eight. Yes. Eight to negative two That, that's in the range. Okay. That is possible. It's Mark. You started at negative two.

(59m 1s):
You've got 10 rolls. I'm watch. You better roll some fucking winners. All right. 10 times one. No. Two, three. Yes. Four. Alright. Five. No six. No seven. No eight, No. Nine. Yes. 10. Yes. No, that's so close. Wait. Okay, so Mark, we got plus one minus one plus one plus one plus three plus two plus one plus three. No, Minus one plus three. Is that right?

(59m 41s):
One, two. I just got, I got 12. I got 12. 11 minus one 10 plus I got 13. Oh, well, I'm not very good at math, but I agree. I might be wrong here. Lemme, lemme double check. No, that's What I got. I got 13 too, So you're probably right. I'm not good at, I did that all on the fly on my fingers. 1, 2, 5, 7, 8, 11, 10, 13 minus two 11. So 11 for mark is greater than eight for Bob? No. What a weird switch. Oh, so right now going into the wheel spins. It is 11 to eight.

(1h 0m 21s):
Oh man. What do I want to add to the wheel for this? Oh, that's right. You gotta add your thingy. What about biggest comeback? Because we kind of have the, the host kind of has a sense of like, oh, your weight hasn't got any points yet. So far, so he's, you know, like he's down by a lot. Bob was winning pretty convincingly till the three tails happened. That would be the most con that would apply to This. I don't see any that need to be balanced out currently on the list. I think what we ended up doing was half point for you. Half point for me was what Mark added one time. Yeah, I think I just, so it was kind of fair to both of us. And so I think I Don't have a half point on there, but that's fine. I'm not gonna lie, I don't know what to add at this point. I mean, best comeback is definitely an option. We'll do best comeback.

(1h 1m 1s):
We'll do the, yeah. Yeah, that's good. I think that's fine. Best comeback could apply for best comeback to someone's like thing or best comeback points wise. We can kind of interpret it. Therefore it can make sense. Even if there isn't a crazy comeback, there could be a best comeback. All right. Bob will have to roll all of our things. I've got this. The only thing that could save you, Bob, is a A three. Yeah, I need a three, which is seems unlikely to get another three. I'd give it a 33% chance. It's Unlikely. All right, here we go. How many bonus points will there? Yes. No. Oh no. I thought it was going. I thought it was going. All Right. Almost One spin. I think I'm in trouble. Boys. Gimme The best comeback.

(1h 1m 43s):
Mega Best comeback. One spin of the mega bonus wheel for Mark. Lost most points. Wait, who would that be? That would be me. Yeah, because technically Mark spin made you lose the most points. I had 16 and now I have eight. And you had eight and now you have 11 or whatever. 10. That's true. That's true. Let me actually look at who lost the most. Mark lost. 2, 4, 6, 7, 8. Mark lost eight. Bob, you lost one, two, so that's 3, 6, 9, 12. You lost 14 points through rolls, I think.

(1h 2m 23s):
Yeah, that's Earned consolation. Bonus. That one's worth five points. Well, with a final score of 11 to nine, mark, you have won and you have earned the right to the winner speech. I will say this, I was unsure about this little coin, even though it wasn't all in my favor for the coin flip. Still the laws of the universe saw to it that it became more fair than ever. And I, I believe that this is bringing balance to the force. I am the chosen one. I will become dark Vader.

(1h 3m 4s):
It's wild that in 10 dice rolls you only lost points twice and both were only minus one. Well, I mean, The first set of dice rolls really didn't go in my favorite, so I, you know, I think it's All right. That's true. I think it's All right. That's true. All right, well congrats Bob. The surprise losing speech after a dominant performance. I don't know if anything more defeating than this has occurred to this point in my life. I contributed a lot. I clearly kicked Mark's ass in the actual material parts of this episode. I believe the original final score was 16 to eight, which would have been the second time in recent memory. I beat my opponent by double their score.

(1h 3m 44s):
The other one was Wade previously. Okay, We don't to bring up the past. I am the best competitor on this show. I am the funniest. I am the smartest. My only weakness is I can't, for some fucking reason, get the dice or the coins to fall my way. I don't understand. It's fine. I'm not mad about it. It's just, it's just defeating, you know, after being the best at everything for so much of my life to have this bring me down so consistently, this, this crossroads losing. I'm losing the ego that everyone knows and loves me for. You know this. It's just not gonna last forever at this rate.

(1h 4m 24s):
Okay, so if you want this to stay around, ah, maybe let me win sometimes. How about That? Hopefully that continues to be a thing. But if you'll be leaving us, then I guess I'll have to bring on Mr. Bob. The show will end very shortly thereafter. Bob, we kind of need you here. Editors put my head on Wade's arm. I dunno why I'm bobbing my head for you to tell. Then put Wade's head on his head. That's great. That's great. That's the episode. Congratulations, mark. Bob, one day, luck will favor you because oh my God, was it on your side until somehow three coin flips led to that? That's a tough one. I guess stay tuned for the next one where Mark will host and let us do something fun and fair and easy.

(1h 5m 7s):
I'm sure you can find everybody at their respective channels. Marketly. My srm minion 7, 7, 7. Or Lord Minion 7, 7, 7. Take it for the next one. Until then, podcast out.