
This episode is brought to you by HBO's biggest series, the Last of Us Returning with a new season on Max, starring Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey. Alright man, I'm just excited. Okay. I really enjoyed the first season. The first season. Had some of the best episodes of any show I've ever seen on television based on the groundbreaking video game, the Emmy winning HBO series, the Last of Us Premier Sunday, April 13th on Max. And listen to the Official, the Last of Us podcast. Wherever you get your podcast.


If a podcast, everyone has a podcast, even us.


This episode is brought to you by Power Wash Simulator. New stuff coming to Power Wash Simulator. Mark plays it a lot, almost for a Living now. What new characters Wade Wallace And Grommet. Oh, they have a whole new pack out. I remember watching those movies. Where do you fall on the Matic Wade Pro or or against? Oh, I've always been more of a sower. I think that's acceptable. The Wallace and Grommet special Pack for Power Wash Similar is available now on Steam windows. Xbox One. Xbox XRS, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Ready? Eat for everyone.


This episode is brought to you by bloomberg.com. It's important to get the full story. You know, I once thought that pigs couldn't eat while they were hanging upside down. Eventually I found a study where they figured out that picks canny while they're hanging upside down. I was just wrong. It's important to get the full story. It's important to know what you're talking about. Bloomberg.com does an excellent job in helping you get all the details. They connect the dots in a unique way, giving people a deeper, richer level of understanding when it comes to current events. Context Changes everything. Learn more@bloomberg.com.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode bumbling Bob builds his march madness and a terrific triad trade tour tips, wishing weighed stocks up on scout snacks, but eats Babel coasters, crackers, ballers and Ashley Monstrous. Mark the render Rancher gets railed by the power people. Mrs. Tyler favors phantoms and rags. La Ross from Sartorial Satisfaction two plus Parks. Yeah, it's time for Distractible Travel Guide Cincinnati now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to, for some reason another episode of Distractible. Couldn't tell you why it just keeps happening. My name's Bob. I'll be your host for today. I'm the host 'cause I won the last one. And the way this works is the host is the winner. Oh. And the winners for this one are gonna be either Mark or Wade. 'cause that's the other part of how this works. Others in the host is the winner, like laying the foundation for you to win. I win because I'm the host. I'm the host because I win. I host this one. I win this one. I host the next one. I'm the host forever because all I do is win, win, win and so on. What a tology. Can I comment On something? The listeners are going to weep because I'm gonna mention another visual thing. But our shirt color combination is just very pleasant.


Mm. It's very striking. It's more colorful than we usually are and yet they match up quite nicely. I think that this is going to be maybe our best episode ever because of that. We have Like a red, a sky. It's more like an aqua and then a what? A burnt Orange. It's almost a traffic light. Blue means go. Everyone knows that. It's more, it's green to me. I said almost I'm not yellow. Obviously blue Almost means go. Everyone knows that Editors turn us into a traffic light. It's good to be back on top. Boy. Perfect. I do have to agree with you Mark. I like the colors of our shirts. I'm just gonna throw this out there. This is accidentally day three of this shirt.


James was up in the middle of the night last night, so I didn't go to bed till four o'clock. Accidentally slept in, had to go get the dog's medicine. Didn't end up getting the dog's medicine. Still wearing the same shirt. Life is going really well over here for me. So, And for the listeners out there, I want to comment. We sound really good today. I I might sound completely different. Do I? Do I sound different to you guys? I'm on a new mixer. I got, I'm on the beacon setup now. I gotta say mic, but I got the things that I sound any different. Better, worse, happier. Honestly, I I, I didn't notice a difference. I would have to have an ab comparison. I, I don't have, My goal was to make it basically similar.


I will say Sam or lead editor texted me and said that my mic has been clipping in the last few recordings and that he asked me to check that. And so you any clipping during today's episode, it's 'cause I'm incompetent. I dunno how to set up my microphone And it's all Sam's fault. Sam Will fix it. Anyway. How are you guys doing? Small talk. Tired. I'm good. I have an update on my many hobbies. Which One is it? 3D guns. 3D guns, ammo, Farm. Where are we going? Look, it's about the render farm. It's been working delightfully finally after four floor air conditioners, two wall air conditioners.


That's some bitch. He's actually staying at a steady time truck. But the harsh realities of operating a render farm, You built a freezer. It's Not that cold man. Even with all those, I woe fully underestimated how much cooling was necessary. But I have another problem entirely. I got my power bill. Oh no. Did the seven air conditioners raise it slightly? It's been up and down because we've been testing it but we haven't been running it. So the past month has been the first time it's been like running every day chugging, you know, beautiful renders my power boat was $3,000.


Is your solar working or Yeah, it's, I bet you wish you were a man with five ovens instead of a man with seven air conditioners now don't you? Yeah, I Opened up that Letter and I just, You know how they show a bar graph of your like monthly usage? Yeah. And it was like, oh and it's trending up as I'm testing and then this past month was Just astronomically Somehow it like comically goes off the paper. You just look And it's just like you like what The fuck? I don't know what the power company thinks is going on at this place. You know this place being a bathroom in My, you're gonna get raided by SWAT for a render farm Dude.


Yeah, no DEA is gonna show up and be like the power company thinks there's a grove farm here or something. Something crazy is happening. So it must be drugs. Oh, there's a farm. You're gonna find seven 3D printers, a server farm, seven AC units and a bunch of 2D guns. It's like A big wooden crate with like the rack in it and then just a bunch of pieces of paper with hand drawn AKs on it. This Man's planning to raid the loony tunes. I got a gun safe and they're like, open this safe. I'm like All right, I'll open it. And just a avalanche of papers, you know, mask style with all the dollars coming out. For some reason they all have hand drawn serial numbers but then their hands scratched out.


Yeah. So that's my update And it's only going to, it not gonna go down much in the next few months. Did so they didn't say anything about that though. 'cause like I, when we lived out there, we had, there was one summer where the really, one of the really bad fire summers happened and a like we had all of our shit closed and sealed and we were running the AC just to try and keep positive pressure on our house because it was like toxic outside. And our bill jumped by like 250% and the power company sent the bill and then they called and were like, are you guys okay? Are you g? And I was like, yeah there's fires and shit. Like I don't know, it's been awful.


But they no one, they just saw your bill and were like alright Well if they did call I didn't answer but yeah, I feel like they're probably more more into that. They're gonna think you're a render dealer, they're gonna call you el servo. I Had this idea a long time ago before I started building it a long time ago. It feels like a long time ago. Like a year ago. 'cause with the Mac studios, apple silicon, it's very power efficient. And I did some paper math that was like the power efficiency of this cost over a period of time. The cost of this like computer going on eBay and finding random stuff. And the math showed me a year ago that the A, the power cost of the actual server grade stuff would be astronomical Lehigh.


And I'm like I must be doing my math wrong. That can't be right. Mm. And now here I am. My math was right. Congratulations. Oh 36,000 a year on power. You're saving so much. My yearly power bill is gonna be $36,000. Good math. I can tell you. It's okay. You're getting that back. 'cause the server farm is very profitable I assume. Oh Well technically it's saving me money. Technically I think I'm deep. I think I'm deep in the red. I have like I don't want to go and do the math. I don't wanna, it would've been so much better if I just hired another company. Got them. I oh man.


Oh man. You factor in maintenance cost. I'm sure you're gonna be well into the green. Well maintaining it. I'm not hoping to do that. I'm hoping that when it dies it dies and I will just 'cause there's no company I can send it back to. I've got it from eBay. So, and and it's not like I don't think I can sell it back again. So you spent a year working on this getting it to work. You installed 70 air conditioning units, you're paying 3000 a month and your idea is when it dies it dies. I I even now I'm like buying a whole a room full of Mac Studios might have been the better option. How much globe or salt do you need for it to die In a tragic glubber salt accident.


Very little. If I go by that one guy on Reddit's a thought of what I was gonna do which was shove er salt inside the computers and immerse them in this. So very little. Anyway, sorry I got, got weep a little bit here. I understand. I would too if I had a $3,000 power bill. I will say to people who live outside California, I don't know if it was the same but we lived in the Bay area. Your power bill can get outta hand pretty quick. I think the biggest single month power bill we ever had was like, I wanna say it was like 700 bucks almost. And we did not have a server farm. I did have two computers that I ran. I that was during the period where I was streaming like eight to 10 hours a day and we had And it was like a hundred plus degrees for the entire month of July kind of deal.


And so it was like a lot of usage but three grand is a lot. Yeah it's a lot. It's impressive. In Ohio that'd probably be like 600 bucks. It's that beautiful clean coal. Hey as long as it floats over to the air around another states clean here Take that Pennsylvania. Well Wade, how much money have you wasted since the last time we talked? Okay, is it a waste if it's something you want and you're enjoying it? Well it's also pretty mean to say that Mark's wasting that that's not a waste. But Girl Scout cookies arrived. Alright Vector. How many Girl scout cookies did you buy? Nine boxes. That's not even how lo how much do they cost each?


Okay, I actually bought 13 but I did that thing where you donate like four. Oh thought you were saying I ate four of 'em so fast Counts As nine I so last year I went a little overboard and I had like six boxes of thin mints. Like five boxes of the, what are they DOI doughs or whatever they're called. The ones that kind of taste like cinnamon toast or whatever. They got little icing on 'em. I forget those are called. But they're really good. Molly likes the lemon ones. I got ones that are kind of just like a sugar cookie this year. But last year I went a little bit too insane so I toned it down. I only got nine boxes this year, which is still a lot for Two people. I mean it has to last you a whole year. That's really not that crazy. Like, like you buy, you buy a lot and you keep the thin mints in the back of the freezer or you know, whatever.


You just, you keep 'em around. Fin Mints are so Good they are frozen thin mints on a hot summer day. Not much compares in terms of cookies. I never like coconut in any other capacity than a Samoa. Samoa Samoa, yeah Samoa Samosa. Those, those were my favorite and still are in my top three of all time when I was a kid. Those were my absolute favorites. Especially if they get warm 'cause the caramel gets kind of soft. Listen Girl Scout cookies are like the thing to look forward to in spring. Can I just say I've never gotten over the feeling of it When it's Girl Scout cookie season, you know how they'll, every time you go to like a grocery store or anywhere there's like a table with like a a mom or a parent and like three girls and they and you walk in and they're just like girls scout cookies and they're all like shy and adorable and stuff and I ne like I try not to buy them.


Is it possible to walk past that and not just feel like an asshole? I've never done it. It's not a personal thing against those specific girls. I just probably already have the ones I need. The bigger update card decision has been Made. Is there a car parked somewhere on property that you own? 'cause that's really the litmus test. I don't believe. I don't believe you. You've Had decisions made before so why is this different? Yeah, Well okay this is hopefully so I've got a meeting Thursday to try to see what we can do to actually get the car. It's not comp, you buy it. Yeah but they never have, no one has cars on lot anymore. It's all like order. Last time we got a car, I found a car on the lot on the internet.


We showed up, we test drove it. That car was hours within five hours. It was a long time of paperwork and bullshit. But we bought it same day because I picked it out online and I was like, this is exactly the spec I wanted. And then we bought it 'cause they had it and I knew they had it and we bought It. Well I'm hoping we have a similar experience 'cause I called the dealership and I told them, I was like, I want, I want one of these. Can we find it? And he is like, I'll see what I can do. Let's meet and we put a meeting for Thursday so we'll we will see what happens. We'll See What happens if you don't get a car. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust you again. I listen. I'm I'm going to find one Gunda. I'm going to find one. You have found one UG guna already.


Yeah, but they didn't have the one in stock. I test drove a different model that was similar 'cause they didn't have one on the lot. I'm hoping they can find one and actually get it. I guess. We'll see. I don't believe you. I don't even slightly believe you at this point. I think you just make up the car thing so that you have something in your life to talk about. That's not Hanabi path of exile. Wade, are you sure that and look around you that there isn't a car in a box still in your office somewhere. Oh that could happen. What if all the times we tried to get a Lexus? They actually did send us one and I just never knew because I am, I'm, I'm cardboard blind. I can't see cardboard. It's actually, it's actually the Lexus experience.


They ship it to you in a beat up us UPS box. I got mine through Amazon. They just chuffed it over the fence. I was so mad. I Ordered mine through Temu showed up And it was, it was a child-sized car. It was a fully functional complicated car. It was just small. I got my car from wish.com. I'm better at cracking jokes during market segment than my own. Servo was pretty funny. That was pretty funny. News out there is still depressing. So you know, there's really nothing to say. Harsh Madness is going on. I haven't watched any of it. I am so solidly in the middle of the pack of the family bracket challenge that my father-in-law set up.


It's, I'm killing it. It's the best I've ever done. I have Duke winning it all. They're still in it as far as I know they Are. I I don't think that's likely but it's possible. Aren't they? Aren't they Well seeded, they're A number one seed. They're just not. Houston seems to be the one everyone thinks is gonna win and Auburn is an outside shot. I don't see anyone talking about Duke winning The number one seeds that like everyone thinks are gonna win often crumble to pressure and it's one of the other ones that does win it. So we'll see. Pressure does get the teams eventually. I don't know anything about basketball so I'm solidly in the middle of the pack is like basically top tier performance for me. So it's a family thing, right? So it's like family and a couple family friends and stuff. Almost everyone is in a similar area and there are definitely a couple people who clearly knew something or got lucky and like are in the lead pretty solidly.


But poor Mandy's poor brother, I don't know what he you did to choose. I don't know if it was random or if he, he's not like a sports guy but his, so our right now where it stands is we all have somewhere in the neighborhood of like 45 to 50 some points in the way the points breakdown. Mandy's brother picked a team to win that's already out and has 22 points somehow and has only picked correctly 19 times out of 40 some games. Did he understand that the higher the number, the worse the seed? I don't know if he chose all underdogs or what I, there's no, I don't think he even cares.


But if he does, sorry bud. He's Like 16 is bigger than one sixteen's probably gonna win. It's not even like funny like, ha you suck. It's like, damn, how did you even, how did that happen? Like shit, it's 'cause he tried to think about it. The reverse bracket every game wrong. One of the things about brackets is as it goes on your, your total amount of points you could earn if all the rest of your choices were correct is is like it lowers right because as you, every time you get one wrong, you look, I can still earn 160 points on my bracket. That's the max score I can get. His max bracket score right now is 62 points, which is barely enough to compete with the people currently in the lead of our bracket challenge.


So You're saying there's a chance That's Not What he's saying. That's not what he's saying at all. We rewind, we cut to him like actually like mad scientists going through each team's roster, like seeing their potential draft status and he is like trying to create, he's like, this is gonna be the best bracket we've ever seen and he never put more effort to anything in his life and this is the result. Well it Doesn't bode well for him that, who did he pick to win it? He picked, oh he picked the zags. He picked on zag to win it, which is not a completely insane pick, but they were an eight seed. They're a good tournament team. Like they're traditionally they're a good tournament team. But was there Seed this year? They were an eight seed. It's a bold strategy but there's a chance.


No Mark, How's your bracket? Oh man, if I did one this year, well I've done one for the past few years and I've done it completely by random and each time I've beaten Tyler's bracket. Are you not lying multiple times? I can't remember if it's every time. I'll bet that goes over will. But yeah, I just, purely by random chance and I I don't just win, I crush, I crush him in points. Just absolutely destroy. I'm gonna put down better at sports than Tyler for a point. For Mark. Yep. That's that's true. Actually I'm Surprised you guys didn't do one for go. He's gone.


Oh. Oh, where'd he go? He's gone. Honorable. How many times have I started a rumor that Tyler's dead on this Against At least one. Now I Forget where this is all a delay because I forgot where he's going. He told me many times, but he's not here. I Know where he was until the middle of the night last night. That's very specific Bird. The porn guy. If you guys remember the porn guy from the porn episode, I found out that he had to take Tyler to the airport last night. That's weird 'cause I know where bird lives And it's not near where Tyler lives. It is not meaning that Tyler was in fact gone. Maybe that should be the, the topic of this episode. We need to get to the bottom of this asap.


If we find out where he is by the end of the episode, do we get a point? Yeah, You can have two points if you find out where he is by the end of the episode, everybody starts texting Tyler, Hey, where the fuck Are you? I'm debating whether I text Tyler or do I reach for the Girl Scout cookies? Do I want the points or the sugar? Alright, let's say we can't just text him directly. That would be cheating.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, Visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible. Offer is valid for a Limited time and turns and conditions made.


Why? What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, A goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling? We have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


Should we get into the topic for today's episode? I gotta be honest, I looked and I'm only Mediumly. Sure. We haven't done something that's fairly similar to this, but I just sort of wanna talk about it. I'm calling this episode probably not. Maybe something like Distractible Travel Guide Cincinnati. We have talked about Cincinnati and we have talked about like top 10 lists of things and whatever. But specifically what I want to talk about is travel guides. I have the sort of like a general list of things, travel guides, travel books will give you recommendations on, and I kind of wanna just go through those normal categories, but I want to get the Distractible insider recommendations.


We know Cincinnati, if there's any three people that know Cincinnati, know her bowels, where she buries her bodies. It's us. Interesting. So yeah, I just wanna, we're just gonna, this is a good resource. If you're traveling to Cincinnati, this will be a great place if you need family activities, if you're looking for, you know, where to stay, where not to stay, food to eat, you know, that sort of stuff. So I just wanna do that. We'll just run through all the, all the categories. First one I feel like is gonna be easy. Cincinnati attractions and activities. This is like historical sites, museums, natural wonders, festivals, anything that's like fun, like a thing where you go and maybe you buy a ticket or you like go for the day And it's like the thing you do.


What you guys got for me, You, you're assuming that when I was in Cincinnati, I actually went out and did things. I know that you did lots of stuff in Cincinnati. Mark, we lived together. You were coming and going at all hours, not just sitting on your computer playing Wow. 18 hours a day. Yeah. You know me, I was a real, real, real, whatever you call someone that goes out and does things. I was a real one of those. A real mark. That's what I call it. Leaving a mark. Yeah, you're you left your mark. That's good. Not, not, I'm not gonna get a point for that. But then it is, it's close. And if you don't have any ideas, you have to give something. So if it has to be made up, that's fine. But No one else will know.


Real activities are worth what? Yeah, no one's gonna know. No one's gonna use this. There Is no way. You don't have Any I have, I have, I have Some. Are you plagiarizing off my list? 'cause you had zero two seconds ago I saw it on your face. How, where, how is he seeing your list? What's happening? I have one King's Island. That was my list. I was hoping, I was hoping that would make it in here. Yeah. Yeah. King's Island. It's basically a theme park. It lost a lot of theming back after the Paramount days ended. But now they have Snoopy land. Do they have Snoopy? Is there Snoopy There? I I think that still exists. Or Peanuts. Yeah, peanuts stuff. They have Viking ship, so that's pretty thingy.


And then they have, I haven't been there in a bit, but they have not the Phantom menace. The the, the fan. I love that land at King's Island. Is it called just the Phantom? They have Danny Phantom the Ride. Is It a coaster or are you talking about like the Phantom Theater, which is no longer there? No Wait, it's the one they built after the son of Beast broke down, which was the tallest, fastest and only looping wooden rollercoaster, Onlys, sleepiest, wooden coaster. They Had like fire bird or something, but they closed that one. That's the one where you like, you're on your, your stomach's like hanging out or whatever. The whole time Your stomach's hanging out. You lay on your t You like lay on your back at first, but then like you're hanging.


So it's like you're dangling. But I think they closed that one. I never got to do that one. So My favorite one is the one that used to be called Top Gun. And now it's called like Ace or something. But when you're standing in line, all the sad old speakers are still like, and playing like the Top Gun music. But it's like Debranded The danger zone. Banshee Banshee. There you go. We were just stalling so you could get there. I Liked Banshee but I can't write it that much because it's like all corkscrews and loops and I get very motion sick very quickly. 'cause it's just like done. Yeah. It's supposed to be like the ghost of the Sun of Beast.


So the Beast over in the other side of the park mourns the loss of its sun and has to go over and visit the haunted ghost. That is the remnants. There's like a gravestone of the son of Beast outside of the ride. I didn't know there was lore. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh damn. I didn't know that. That's, But now the son of Beast was plagued by problems from its inception. Nothing, nothing good came outta that rollercoaster. Many people had like whiplash and, and just shaken up Spine syndrome. You know that syndrome. I do get it. I like a wooden coaster. I thought that was for a while when I was younger. Wooden coasters were one of my favorite kinds of things. But they're, they're so violent.


Like I think it's funny that people who are wooden coaster enthusiasts are like, oh this one's my favorite almost died. It's so, it shakes so violently. It dislocated my spine in three places. It's the best. It's like, I don't know if that's like, it's fun because it's kind of a different experience, but I don't know if the most violent wooden coaster means it's the best wooden coaster. I mean streak up at Cedar Point was my favorite for a while. That's a, a good classic wooden coaster. Kings Island's get slowly becoming that. I mean they were bought by Cedar Point. So every roller coaster they add, they get closer and closer to God. Oh, They're getting taller man. They're gonna reach 'em eventually.


What's the really tall one that they put in like 20 years ago? Top thrill dragster Are you talking about? Yeah. Cedar Point. No, No. Kings Island. Oh, I'm just blanking on the name of it. But they actually finally just put in one taller than that one now too. What are we talking about? A drop tower? Are we talking about a rollercoaster? No, It's just a roller. It's a rollercoaster. That was the tallest rollercoaster they had to like the last five years they put in a bigger one. Finally. I gotta be honest, I don't know the coasters at King's Island as well as I do at other, at Cedar Point. Yeah, It's been a long time since I've been there. The ster. Oh that might be it. Oh, I do know what you're talking about. Yeah, the Diamondback Diamondback. Yeah. The seats on Diamondback do not make you feel like you're locked in.


It's like a little bucket seat. And then there's a single small pole with like a little pelvis sized handle that like comes towards you. Oh, those are the best. That's the, that's the thing that makes it exciting though. The seats have no nothing on the side. So it's just like open air everywhere and you're on this little seat that's separated from the seat next to you or it's like one by itself and man, oh man. When you start to go down a hill and you feel your body lift up and the only thing holding you down is this little rickety yellow pole. It's thrilling. But also kind of like, it would be so easy to die here. Yeah. Well you're not supposed to try to get Out. But I wouldn't. But I've, I listen, I, No, that's the thing I like, that's the thing I like more than coasters being like violent or lots of loops or whatever the, the minimal restraint feeling is one of the things that makes it most exciting to me.


I forget what it was, but there was some coaster where it was like a wooden coaster And it was literally like a little seatbelt. Like you get it and you just go click and snug it down and that's what held you in. And then you go and the whole time you're on the coaster you're like, I'm barely in here. Holy shit. It's awesome. 'cause they would definitely not design it in a way where you could get hurt. That never happens. Right? I wanna feel like I'm in a tank when I'm on the rollercoaster. Like a convertible tank. That's Not exciting. Yeah. What's the point of that If you can't actually die? It's not even exciting at all. Big blowy, big safe. You know, I could just have a leaf blower and you could close your eyes and I could just blast you in the face.


You know the kid where there's like a video of a mom with their baby and they're like on a chair and they're watching a video of a roller coaster in the muffins. Like, I can do that for you. I Always let you That'd be fun. Giant Wade sitting on mark's tiny little short legs. No, he is on a chair. Your little m monkey legs. What? Humunculous. Isn't that like a tiny like a hat? Yeah. You're ho monkey legs. Yeah. Okay. All right, cool. Cool. I want bouncy Wade, What's your attraction or activity in Cincinnati? I'm gonna Go with one that I don't know that we've mentioned here before, but that is pretty like, I'm sure there are other museums like this, but we have an underground railroad museum because back in the day that was a thing that happened was Kentucky was part of the, south Ohio was part of the north, the Underground Railroad came through here.


So we have an underground railroad museum. And I guess whenever you live here and you just have that, you kind of don't think about it as something that, like not many other places do have. But there probably aren't that many of them I would think. I don't know. It's a very large museum and it's in a very cool, it's down on the banks, but where like the, the sports stadiums and stuff are, it's very cool. It doesn't take super, I mean you can take your time through it, but it's not like, it takes hours and hours and hours to get through. So you can like make a nice day trip down to downtown, walk around or go to some of the parks and you can go to the Underground Railroad Museum. 'cause there is a lot of cool stuff around it too. It's super easy too in general when you live in a place to take for granted. Yeah. Stuff like that. Like museums and, and like educational stuff. That Cincinnati Museum Center is also a fantastic museum and a very cool building.


'cause it's it's Cincinnati Union terminal it used to be. And now it's like a big museum. It's, it's great. Cool. It's, what's it Art deco, the main place where you enter it is like a three story dome, half dome thing that's got a huge mural all over the wall. Well, I guess I can't say that one as an idea now. That one's so obvious. Mark. Shut up. It's not that. All right, fine. What Was that your idea though? Was that your idea? I was gonna say that. Yeah, there's, it's, it's the, you know, but whatever. There's the Ohio River, There is, You like water, get in there, start this motion, You like water that could light on fire.


Is It still like I know that's the, that's the thing about the Ohio River, but is it actually still that bad? I don't know. No, it's not like, actually it'll light on fire at any given moment right now. But it it's pretty gross still in general. I think So. I, I like, you know, we, we heard that for years and years, but I know there's a lot of traffic, there's a lot of barges and things and a lot of like transport that goes on. So it's probably not the cleanest, but I actually don't know how bad it really is. I Would love to have a comparison of like seeing what the river looked like before people came around and started building big fire generating facilities, aiming their poop tubes into the river. Rooting their feces down in there. Yeah, Like is the Mississippi, the Ohio thing dumps into the Mississippi, right?


So is the Mississippi clean? If, if the Ohio's clean, not clean, I wouldn't assume that. Apparently it's not great. Not advised to swim or recreation in there because of bacteria. Algae blooms in general. Contamination though some sections are monitored and may be safe at times it doesn't seem great. But are you gonna trust these scientists or are you gonna get on that pontoon and are you gonna start boating? What's the opposite of enlightenment? Because I feel like that's the era we're in in Darken. Are you gonna trust science and knowledge and literature and facts? No, we're in the, in darkened madera Anyway, so yeah, there's that.


Which is weird because not many people know this, but Cincinnati actually has some of the cleanest drinking water in the country. I don't know if that's the case anymore. It was when I was growing up. That's Surprising. I Don't know what they do to treat it, but if you guys remember we had that big train accident in like eastern Ohio near Pennsylvania and like they had the big chemical spill and they were like, oh, it's gonna contaminate the water. It was tested here in Cincinnati and I remember they were like, I mean we put more chemicals in, but like we tested it before we did that and our chemicals already pretty much neutralized everything. So there was never really an issue. But whatever they do to treat it, apparently they were ready for nuclear waste or whatever the heck got in the, I don't even know what the spill was, but I Remember there was this joke on the Colbert report where he was making his own bottled water and he was touring around the country being like, we filled this glacier and then this spring.


And they went all around the country and they said, and we finish it off with a, a, a little dollop of Cincinnati tap water. And everyone in the crowd went, Ooh. But it was one of the cleanest. So they, they didn't know. They didn't know. Actually I'm looking up the ranking right now and I think Cincinnati's dropped quite a bit. Is it bad news? Well it's not bad news, but instead of being up there, it's now a hundred ninth Outta 50 states. Yes. The great state of Cincinnati. I know some of Cincinnati uses like the Miami or little Miami River, some of it uses the Ohio River, so on and so forth. It's not bad. I mean, generally water and tap water in Cincinnati is fine.


It's a little hard, you know, got the, got the minerals in it or whatever. But I guess I shouldn't talk too much. I still drink bottled water. But there's some places in Cincinnati where I like the tap water. You Don't drink, you don't just drink. Don't you have like a fridge with a filtered water thing in it or Anything? We don't have a fridge with a filtered water thing, but we do have one of those filtered water things on. You don't drink that. Our kitchen sink thing I do sometimes it's okay's good. I like the bottled stuff better, but it's, it's not bad. Weird. That sounds like a judgment against you. I've just always found that confusing. Bottled water for me was always just the way my parents treated. It was like a thing where it's like if you're in an emergency or if you're like out on the boat on the lake or something, you drink bottled water. But otherwise we'd just drink tap water.


You freaking you weenies or Well water. We drank a lot of well water when we went like camping and stuff. Well, water is funky. It didn't hurt me as far as I know. So I didn't drink a lot of water. Like I feel like I always had pop in my hand. Like I, I always had coke or like growing up I was very bad about drinking just caffeine products. So I had to to like make myself switch over to start drinking a lot more water. And like I don't, I don't know if it was like the holding something in my hand like a can or a bottle that helps, but like getting a bottle of water is actually helped me break my like caffeine habit. No, I definitely get that. I what I'm trying, clearly I'm not right now, but what I'm trying to cut out caffeine. One thing that helps me is what the fuck is that?


Murder? Murder water. Death water, liquid death. That murder water Cans of liquid death. 'cause they're kind of, they're the same kind of can that like energy drinks come in and stuff. Having those as a thing where it's like I go crack one of those open, it like replaces the physical stem of chuck when I have my energy drink in my hand and that. So I get that. I do get that Man. I haven't had caffeine for like a month and a half now. Ooh, that's that's getting into the, that's getting into the good part. You're finally through the bad part. Maybe. I mean there's probably traces decaf that I was drinking. You look, you like the AI generated stupid mug. This was a gift from one of our family members and they didn't know it was ai.


Just like this stupid, it's a library. Sure, sure. Anyway, so yeah, I haven't had caffeine for a long time and I miss it. Do you feel the benefits yet though, or still? Nah. Yeah, I do. I do think that it's generally more even I don't have that slump of energy and I never thought that it actually gave me energy and awakeness. But on a day like today where I've only gotten like five hours of sleep last night, 'cause I've been, I I stayed up late working and, and I just, no, I really want It. Well I think it was Socrates who said the unc caffeinated life is not worth living. Okay, so we've got attractions Got one each A couple Marketta, the Ohio River and, and no, I Just mean Mark and I have been really stalling this episode out.


We're, we're afraid Because you only have so many good ideas. You wanna keep 'em? I got it. Well that's okay. Now's your chance. Dining options specifically, I'm gonna say not budget, but like reasonably priced family dining options. Okay, I got you. But not chains. I mean you can do a chain if you want, but like interesting Cincinnati stuff. Yeah, Imagine you throw open the doors and you're like, oh, this isn't a restaurant. This is like a store. And then you walk through the store and you realize, wait, there's a restaurant in the back. They got A big fireplace, they got all this shit on the wall. It's beautiful. Sit down in these lovely wooden chairs, the wall.


Oh man, it's so decorative. Like, it's so decorative. Do you not know where this is going yet, Wade? No, I, I think I do. I just didn't like the description of shit on the wall. They Make the best chicken and dumplings you've ever, ever eaten in your life. Just ah, so good. I order that sometimes with green beans, corn, extra dumplings, maybe. Maybe biscuits with like some blackberry jam, you know. What Is this magical place called Mark? Ah, I barely remember the name. I only visited it once or twice. Is It that place that originated in Lebanon, Tennessee? No. Oh, okay, good. No it's not you stupid. Tell us about the Cincinnati place. God, what is that name? Hmm.


Oh well can't remember the name but really good. Right outside of Milford. You get off the highway there, there's a also a, a movie theater next to it. We should buy that. We show that Sometimes. No, it's really, it's a really good info for a travel guide, a vague location, no name. Just start going into places and once you find one that matches the description, you'll know you're there. How Did you end up here with all the Cincinnati places? How did you end up at chain? That goes around the whole country. That's just where he wants to go. Every time Mark is anywhere near Cincinnati, he's like, oh, I wonder if I can get a Cracker Barrel. I need more dumplings. Oh, it does sound, actually I kind of wanna go there now.


I'm not had in a minute. I haven't had Cracker Barrel since the last time. All of us were at one together and I don't remember where that was. It was like on the tour or something. That's weird. I was gonna say, I could picture the restaurant. Like I could picture us being there. Didn't we like stop on the west coast leg of the tour at a Cracker Barrel along the highway somewhere and had like Cracker Barrel, all of us at one big table? I think so. Yeah. It was like a travel day. It was like we didn't have shows. We were just like on the road all day sort of deal. Yeah, I remember that's saw last time I had it. There isn't one like close enough to our house where it's like a thing that comes up because you know, you're always like, oh we should go out. Where should we go? And it, the closest Cracker Barrel is like maybe the Milford one, which is not very close to us. Are We doing one round of this or multiple rounds of this?


Don't ask questions. I wanna throw out so many names. Well pick a starting place and then we'll see how many more I let you say. Whenever You're feeling good and hungry, it's skyline time. Oh, gather together with friends and family. It's skyline time. Listen, I, I don't know why you're suggesting the not Cincinnati one where, you know gold stars. Gold star Chili. This is Cincinnati flavor. Cincinnati flavor. Right. So it's the Cincinnati flavor. How is Skyline? Which is entire thing is the skyline of Cincinnati, not a Cincinnati thing. Oh, that's not what it's named after.


This is the man that picked Cracker Barrel, which originated in Tennessee as Cincinnati flavor. Its logo still is the skyline of Cincinnati. I, I don't think so. Oh, you're right. I'm gonna give Mark a right point. Oh you gotta go with Skyline. If you're, if you only name one, I mean La Rose's Pizza is apparently controversial. I love the Rose's pizza, but La Rose's Pizza. I, I agree with Bob. I've never liked Larose's Pizza. I think it's just not a good pizza. I don't like the experience at the restaurants. I've never eaten at the restaurant. Yeah, I just, if I could pick any, any pizza la Roses would be at the rock bottom, I would still eat it, but I would not be happy about it at all.


I, I do still eat. It's not like I see it and I'm like, ugh, inedible. But I would rather have almost any other chain pizza if I had to pick an Ohio specific pizza joint. Is Donatos popular enough? Is That Cincinnati exclusive? It's, I think it's Columbus, but it's like in Ohio thing. I don't know if I've ever had Donatos. The name is familiar. Their Thin crust is very good. I thought that was a national chain. I didn't realize that was local. No, that's, that's an Ohio thing. Donatos in Columbus is a lot like La Rosa's this year that our donatos was like sponsored my youth baseball team. And we would go there after, you know, after a baseball game or whatever. And when we did like give it out to trophies to everyone, we'd go to Donatos and you have Donatos Pizza And it, the whole thing.


It's like that kind of place. But I much prefer that to LA's. But I ate LA's recently. It was about, as I remember, I really like it. But people do seem very divided on LA's for some reason. But I, I really do like it. I Think it depends if you grew up with it, I did grew up with it because like you, they sponsored basketball and stuff so I had it a lot of events. I Don't think LA's is bad enough where it's like, ugh, I would never, like I'm never eating there again. But it's not better than just like Pizza Hut or somewhere. Oh Wow. I disagree with that. But it depends if you grew up with it. I think because there's definitely stuff that I grew up with that is objectively not the best. I still have not had Blue Ash chili. That's the, so we're talking about chili places that we haven't compared.


So I haven't tried Blue Ash Chili. That's one that's on my list to dry. But I want to go there and have it when we go out to eat, we generally just pick somewhere like, you know else. Obviously There's a Brazilian steakhouse we found here that I didn't know existed called Texas Day Brazil over in Kenwood. Thank you Bob. We ended up reading there. You know when we go out to eat we pick somewhere else. Yeah, Guess you do, don't You? It'd be Weird if you picked Blue Ass Chili. It ended up not ever eating there. You never picked a place date, eat and ended up somewhere else. I mean probably that has happened, but not repeatedly. I don't know. That's a weird situation. We get in the car. Like today's the day we're making it to Blue Ass Chili.


Is that a melting pot? We gotta go there. Alright, this is the one. This is the one. Oh, you know, we've not had five guys in a minute. Better pull in here. Texas State. Brazil is really good. It's relatively new. It's very good. My only qualm compared to like a Foco is their salad bar doesn't have any fruit. Hmm. I didn't even notice that. I don't usually go for the fruit, but I, I don't know why, but I like having fruit. Like, so I went there looking for pineapple or something. There was none. I actually just had a Brazilian steakhouse experience in Austin that left me bewildered. We, it, it's after we do this little shoot in Texas, and Amy can attest to this. We sit down and we were gonna have more, but then two other people canceled. So it was like a smaller table, but it was bright, super bright, sterile, bright.


Like it's a department store just bright in the restaurant. And it was, it was not a fogo it was some other Brazilian steakhouse. And it was confusing to us. Every, everything didn't make sense. It was so bright. The walls were just pure white. You could see everybody, everything. And they had candles on the table that were on, but it's like, you couldn't even tell they were on. It was so bright everywhere. So we, we actually ask the waiter like, is is it supposed to be this bright? And it's like, no, let me go check. And then they, we they, they take the knob and they go, you know, like the tiniest fit out. And I see the manager looking up being like, you know, and we're like, it's too much. Cranks it back up.


And I'm looking over at the other side, like there's a bar area over there and it's so moody and dim. It's so beautiful. And so we asked the wait like, hey, since we're not gonna have a big table, it's a six top here, let's just go over to one of those smaller tables and that'll be great. They're like, okay, no problem. We'll move you over there. And we move over, they sit down and then the bartender's like, oh, people are here. 'cause no one else was seated. So he reaches over to the light switch and Raises, turns so Beautiful. And it goes like, All Right, that shit, I got you guys. Does everyone there need like a brow lift? Is there like eyebrow just hanging on their lids and keeping their eyes close? And they're like, I can hardly see. I, I have no idea. Like everyone knows, or at least I think everyone knows that if you go to a restaurant, it's kind of nice when it's dim.


You're not that way. You're not looking at everybody else in the restaurant. It's not like a cafeteria where you're just like trying to be there. It's, it's, it's nice, you know, you get, you get this little isolated pocket of darkness, you know? But no, that, that place was anti that. I like to think that when people come in, they're like, oh, we had a party of three. You're by yourself and they just sit someone at your table with you. Like, Oh, you mean like at hibachi restaurants? Oh Yeah, yeah. I, I guess so. Yeah. Hibachi though. You kind of, you expect it a little bit 'cause of the way it's designed, but no, I hate that. It's awful. It's the worst. If I don't have a party of 10 for hibachi, I'm not interested. Oh, I don't mind Molly. It drives Molly nuts. But I'll converse with anybody. Oh God. If I, if someone is at the table with us for hibachi, they fucking better not talk to me.


They better not acknowledge I exist. I read the room, I do just focus on who I'm with. But if someone else is like obviously like chatty and looking for it, I'll give it to 'em. Conversation. I mean Good. I'm glad you've clarified. Oh, I love Cincinnati. All right. Mark, do you have any other restaurant recommendations for our travel guide? The very valuable Cincinnati information. Oh, Do I? No is an acceptable answer. I'm just checking. I was asking a question. Do I? No, I do not. All right Wade, what do you got? Oh God. This is a really opportunity for you to get more points here. Montgomery and Jeff, Ruby Soto. Soto, Sotos Greater Ice Cream, United Dairy Farmers.


Oh my God, we have so much stuff. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What about UUDF is a restaurant that you'd recommend, I guess you mean for dessert? Yeah, The ice cream. Yeah, they have a little ice cream parlor. It's a gas station. Look it, it is cool. It is. It's a gas station. Let's not put that foot forward when we're putting out places we wanna recommend people to go visit when they're here. He might be in the right because at most of 'em there also is a seating area Of like three little, two top tables wedged in the corner by the ice cream bar. We had a, so it's actually, I'm glad I don't work there anymore because they've added so much stuff that people there have to do. You can now order like crazy drinks. You can have like sandwiches and chicken tenders and stuff ordered at some of them.


What they have nachos and cheese. We had like a little grill where you could get like sausages and breakfast type like hot dogs, things like that. So people would come in there sometimes. Sometimes they get breakfast. Which I found weird to come to UDF get like a coffee and a hot dog. I mean seven 11 also does often have those things. But I, I wouldn't think of seven 11 as a restaurant. So saying that for UDF is kind of generous. It's Not a restaurant. I will not call it a restaurant. Okay. But I've heard about Cincinnati things that have food that is good. I do like UDF ice cream. GRA is obviously the superior ice cream place, but UDF has so many more flavors. It is good ice cream. It is good ice cream. It just feels, that feels like where, where it's be like if you come to the Cleveland area, make sure you have a nice dinner at Sheets.


It's like, yeah, sheets is is cool. But also it's a gas station. I'm pretty sure that the one place, whenever I went to do an able gamers event with Craig years ago, I'm pretty sure the one place he said I had to have on the way was Sheets. Oh Craig is very pro sheets. But that's, that's because I think large part Craig is vegan and Sheets is one of those places where you can, you can order it yourself. You walk up to a little screen and order it and you can fully customize it. So for him that's like a wonderland. 'cause he can get all kinds of, he's not just like give me plain potato. 'cause everything else for some reason has meat in it or something. I took him and Mia to Fogo de Chow years ago because I completely forgot.


But they were so happy because the salad bar was so good. But I remember we went to sit down and I like looked at him and smiled and I was then it like hit me before we ordered it in, before we, we went up to get our whatever and I was like, oh no, I just brought vegan. So an all you can eat meat buffet. You guys excited for meat? Sword Restaurant I love meat sword, But admittedly the salad bar is really nice, so, No, that's true. The salad bars are top notch. Yeah. Cincinnati. Cincinnati doesn't have a Fogo. Texas State, Brazil go there. The salad bar's not as good as Fogo. According to Wayne, Around the only not dying mall left in Cincinnati, which is Kenwood mall, dude, All the malls are really depressing By county gone Eastgate Eastgate is on its last leg, I think.


It's not looking so Hot. It makes sense. I mean it really does. I I, I know a lot of people are depressed and nostalgic about it because it's like, yeah, I, I do enjoy a mall, but at the same time it's like, it doesn't make sense. Now in today's age where you don't need kenwood's Still bustling, like Kenwood Mall feels like the way malls felt. Kenwood, Yeah, Kenwood is still really nice and busy and stuff a lot of the time. I feel like that one's bustling because it's so central. Like all the other ones are on the outskirts. So a city nowadays, like this is the thing, not all of the stores are gonna just go away. Like the people that think that aren't gonna be brick and mortar stores in the future ever is, are stupid and wrong because people still walk around in the living world.


Brick And I, they said Brick and Morty, rick and mortar. That makes more sense. Rick And Morty, they're Rick and Morty stores, you know, oh, Go on Rick and Morty. But Kenwood mall is great because it's central and I think a city still wants that. There should be that because it's like people want to go there, number one, just because it's kind of nice to have this big building with a lot of little stores. It's fun to walk around and do that window shopping. It's a different experience, so, so people still want it, it's just they want less of them. There doesn't need to be five malls in a city limits when there can be one in the middle that people can go to. Admittedly a parking's hell, Kenwood Is a nightmare Of traffic. No part that, that's the thing.


So I will say one of the other malls in the Cincinnati area that's doing okay, Liberty Center. You guys know Liberty Center? It's over on like the northwest side by us. Kind of, yeah. It's one of those where part of it is an inside, there's like a smaller inside part and then part of it, a lot of it is outside where it's like, there are, there are little streets and you can, all the shops are outdoors, but it's still basically like a mall area. It's very cool. And I feel like that's, that's a type of mall that I could see being successful in a, in the future more than like a old school mall. But it's still such a pain in the ass. There are stores that are there and only there and will still, for me it's still like, ah, I really need this.


Do I, am I up for going to Liberty and trying to find parking and then trying to navigate through. Oh, but I, even though I like it, it still is like that and Kenwood's like that too. Every time we have to go to Kenwood, it's kinda like, Ooh, Kenwood. And then you remember you have to fucking go drive over to Kenwood and park somewhere. Are there still ever events where people would have like the GameStop midnight release lines or new console release lines? Is is that a thing of the past? You just order it? If people who care that much, do you either download it digitally or you order it And it arrives, you know, on or after release day or whatever. They don't, they don't, I did. They don't do that at all. The same way they used to. Even like for iPhones, they don't really do that anymore.


I think the last event that probably that happened was for the, the, the Vision Pro. And that was just because it was a new thing. People wanted to try it, but they didn't even sell out of those. So there Is one event I saw that was similar. Kenwood Mall had a thing where, I don't know if it was a singer or who, who it was, but there was like some celebrity that had like a pop-up clothing line store that was in Cincinnati for like a limited time. So they opened like a, they called it a popup store where this person's merch was being sold for like 48 hours or something. So people were like crazily in line trying to get in there while we were there one day. Did you ever wait in line down in Clifton by uc for any of the GameStop games? Oh yeah. No. I forget. I think it might've been Modern Warfare two down in Clifton.


I did them in that release for Did you have the people dumping water on people from the, from The, I actually lived in UPA when that happened. So yeah, I knew those guys. It Never hit me, but like I was there watching it happen. I, I lived on the corner so I was not one of the apartments where the water came from, but, but I knew, I knew those, I knew those guys who did that. I knew one of those apartments where they did that. They thought it was real funny. I tried for so many years to get a job at that GameStop in Clifton. Dude, I wanted to be a GameStop employee so bad. Oh my God. I applied there too at one point. Never Really the guy, the poor guy who managed that store, I can't imagine how many college nerds he had every day come in and be like, Hey, are You hiring?


You need a, I play video games. You just one of those video games. I play at least three. I mean it is kind of nice I guess if you were an employer and you had a constant stream of semi qualified people, always at the on hand I wasn't qualified. We weren't qualified. No one, I said semi, I said semi qualified. That's still pretty generous. All I wanted was the employee discount. I wasn't there to do anything else Like approaching a drug dealer. Like, Hey, I be one of your dealers. I use your stuff every day. Can I get an employee discount on these drugs? Please, please Just don't do a background check. Well, if they did, they did and they're like, Hey, this show you got, you got some backed up parking tickets.


I I don't need that on my staff. I don't need that in our organization. So we're gonna have to pass. Thank you for your interest. Please remain a loyal customer. I Imagine a lot of people are Apple employees because I believe there's an employee discount there. You have to be pretty, isn't working at an Apple store like a whole pain in the ass though? You have to be pretty serious about that. It's like, there's like trainings and that's one of the places walking into an Apple store. We did that recently. It feels like it's the two thousands in there, like in most stores. I feel like the direction in the last couple decades has been less employees, more just let the customer sort of self-serve. There's maybe there's an employee somewhere. If you need help you can find them.


I feel like the Apple store, they had more people working there than there were people in the store by a huge margin. There were so many fucking employees at the Apple store. That's why they charge a hundred thousand dollars for every product they sell. I mean, yeah, I guess they have the margins for it, but it's crazy. It feels like, it feels, even though it's new technology, it feels somehow like retro almost at this point where it's like just a swarm of people. You go in and there's just everywhere. There's someone who's like, Hey, do you need help with that? Hey, do you need help finding, are you looking at headphones? Ah, There's always the one security guard who looks like he's relatively chill but also like he really wants an excuse to tackle somebody at the same time. Oh, He's desperate, he's waiting.


Well Actually they, I don't think they actually stop people from leaving 'cause they're like, we track all of those devices. They're ours. So That's true. There's, there's not much you could get away with with an Apple product. They'd just be like, yeah, this serial number, just turn that off. That one's stolen. It's, it's either one or the other. Because you go to Best Buy and you can't find a soul in there. It's hide and seek with the employees. You, you see one and they look at you and they go, One of the many refrigerators we've bought in the last few years was we went to Best Buy first. 'cause they have, they had like a refrigerator, they had like a partnership. We couldn't find a person. We had to go to a different store. 'cause we were literally like, we want this fridge. Is there a per, we couldn't get a human being to tell us a refrigerator.


It was fucking, and that was a few years ago. At this point. That's four or five years. It's weird. That is always the case. You try to get a tv, you try to get anything at Best Buy. Am I, am I off base or is that like, that's how stores are now. I Don't do a lot of shopping so probably, I mean I usually get help at the Lego store. I've gone to the Lego store a couple times. There's like two employees at the Lego store. What Store? Lego. I actually have been in that Lego store a couple. Every time we go to Kenwood, I, I feel like I need to check it out. So I do. I've got like three Lego sets I still need to build. But whenever I go there I'm still like, I gotta go to the Lego store. Yeah, well you want to have 'em backed up. It's like, if I'm good while Molly does the actual shopping, I'm allowed to go to the Lego store.


This is an ad by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session and that adds up fast. But with Better Help online therapy, you can save up to 50% per session and pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Making therapy more affordable and easier to fit into your life. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better. Help connects you with licensed professionals who can help with everything from anxiety to everyday stress at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just needs support therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/stooges.


This episode is brought to you by Diet Coke. You know that moment when you just need to hit pause and refresh an ice cold Diet Coke isn't just a break. It's your chance to catch your breath and savor a moment that's all about you. Always refreshing. Still the same great taste. Diet Coke. Make time for you time.


Well I feel like our travel guide is pretty comprehensive but last chance. Yeah, last chance. You guys got any extra bonus stuff to chuck in at the end of the travel guide here, just in case. One Of the things that I neglected about Cincinnati when I lived in it that a lot of people probably would overlook is there is a stupid amount of parks and they're too big. That that's not a problem really. But it's just even where I was growing up in Milford, like there's just park over here, park over here. Just big field. You know, it's not even a park but there's just a big open field here, woods there, stuff like that. In in, in the city. Outside the city there's parks everywhere. Like In Milford you're talking about like Miami Meadows, which is the bigger park there.


It's gigantic. It's too big. I didn't even realize how big it was when I was first there. They have The whole field when you first pull in, they've got, I think they to, they tore the skate park down but there was a skate park. There was the basketball hoops, soccer fields, I guess they had the football field, the whole playground, baseball cages. Well maintained The Midwest and and Cincinnati definitely is on this list. Loves a big gigantic ridiculously oversized park. And they are generally very nice and well maintained. I don't know if Mark's references this, but we, we lived in the Bay area, right? We lived outside San Francisco. Huge parks. California has awesome nature. Ev like parks everywhere. It was great. Every time we ever went to a park, even in the middle of the day on a weekday when you're like, nah, no one will be here.


Fucking packed humanity in every direction. Bicycles on all the paths. There's no like, there's no in California, my experience was never, you go to a park and it's like calm and empty and you can, you can do whatever you want. It's like if you're going to the park to play on the playground, the playground's busy. You have to wait in line. If you're going to the park to walk on the path, there's like a hundred people and some of them are going twice the speed of light and some of them are going Slower than you think is physically possible to walk. So you're like weaving traffic. There's bicycle. Like the parks in California are generally awesome but they're so fucking busy that they're not very fun. A lot of the times to be at in Ohio you go to a park that's the same size or bigger than some of those ones we went to in California, but there's like two other humans in the entire thing.


And you're like, I was gonna say I've never had to wait for anything. Yeah, there's everything is open. You could go, you could, you don't have to like wait or be like, ah, that's busy. Let's go over here. Anything you want is always available. It's amazing. Even When the basketball courts were slammed it was like there was enough room for everyone to play. There's even an open pickleball court on a Saturday morning at parks in Ohio. God forbid you wanna play pickleball in California. Fucking there's a three hour wait of people in line to who are next up on the pickleball court. No, that's a good one. I like that one. Wade Aid City. Good city Good.


Okay. Could said the streetcar could said sports teams could said the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra is one of the best in the nation among the best in the world. Beer. Lots of beer in Cincinnati. People love beer. October Fest, big deal. Taste of Cincinnati. Another good one to hit. Any of that stuff. This Is technically not Cincinnati, but I've gotta give it a shout out. Newport in general is honestly like if you're a teenager or like a young adult. Newport's actually a pretty cool hangout place. It's basically Cincinnati. I mean it is 'cause it's right across the river but it's Kentucky. No it's not. That's Cincinnati stuff. Cincinnati reaches all the way out to the airport because Cincinnati airport is with the fuck in Kentucky for some reason.


Yep. So all of that is clearly Cincinnati. I do not know what CVG stands for. Cincinnati very good airport. I think it's Covington like so many airports are just like, like MSP, Minnesota, St. Paul. Cincinnati. CVG. Ah yes. Ava. That's not good. Covington, Kentucky is what that stands for. Apparently CVG is just Covington. Yeah, no Ohio's airports are all confusing. 'cause Columbus, the airport used to just be Columbus International, so it was like CBI or something like that. Now it's John Glenn International Airport.


So the Columbus Airport's initial is like J-J-G-A-I or some shit where it's like, what the fuck airport is that? Where is that? I've only flown into Columbus like once. 'cause obviously I don't why I would But it's not exactly a, a big airport or anything. But that's growing up there. That's where we flew out of a lot. It's very confusing. I don't think any of ours are Cincinnati's actually a very small airport. We have two terminals. Cincinnati's at least a Delta hub. Not that that means anything because our flight options even on Delta out of Cincinnati are pretty garbage these days. But it is, it's technically a Delta hub. All right. Wades thing is the airport. Got it. Sure. I said Newport, but I'll take airport. You know, I guess Newport has the Aquaquarium.


I should have said aquarium. Hey Newport Aquarium. If you had said that, that would've been very good. Oh man, the zoo, the festival of lights, the zoo Is also good. Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Gardens. Excellent. One of the best zoos in the country. Crohn's Conservatory, we have that. Is that the Place you guys got married? No, no, that was, yeah, Cincinnati Nature Center I believe. Anyway, whatever. If you're coming to Cincinnati, I feel like we gave you any number of acceptable quality places to check out at Least three including Cracker Barrel. No, I was thinking of a different restaurant. Welcome to Cincinnati Bucket. Anyway, that's the end of episode. I'm gonna read you why you got points and then we're gonna spin the wheels and then someone's gonna win, I hope. Oh yeah, You gotta add to the wheel too, Wade.


You got points for L Servo Girl Scout Cooks lying about your car again. Underground Railroad Museum gun rec skyline. We usually pick somewhere else to eat a lot of restaurants listed and airport question mark. No, That's wrong Colin, Mark, you earned points for traffic light. Don't remember why that was. Points our shirt, Our Shirts. Oh yeah. Wear a traffic light. There you go. You know the old blue, orange, red three, $3,000 power bill. Better at sports than Tyler King's Island. Not Cracker Barrel being right.


Rick and Morty stores and big stupid parks. The score is close but it's time for the wheel. I Don't know what the score is. It's close. I'm gonna roll a three-sided die and I got two and I am going to add, well this one feels like it's just a bonus star for Mark, but my initial thought was most, most travel since last episode. That's a hundred percent gonna be Mark a hundred percent of the time. It won't Always be him though. Sometimes he, he's, no, it will pretty much always be him. Well, I mean if I don't, I sometimes I don't go anywhere. Like I don't even leave my house. But then again you do too. Yeah. If Mark happens to not have traveled and one of us happens to have traveled, coincidentally that's the only shot we've got.


Here we go. Two spins. Hey. Yay. That's a bonus point for the shortest. I've not stood next to him in a minute. It could have changed. Mark, do you contest on Wade's behalf? I dunno, I asked it like that. Yeah, sorry. Mark is definitely the shortest. We, if we're allowed to make fun of him as much as we do for that, he gets that point. No questions asked. And spin number two. Oh no, I got the biggest laugh as we Said at the beginning of this episode. So did we, are we sticking with El Servo got the biggest laugh.


Did it get a bigger laugh than Mark's traffic light colors? 'cause that was also pretty funny. I mean, if you wanna argue against your own self, that's fine, but no, I'll accept it. I I accept servo Look, I I will say I, what I would throw out as biggest laugh for me was definitely we haven't eaten that blue ass chili because we usually pick somewhere else to eat. That's True. That is true. Well, that's still Wade. So Yeah, that was really stupid that I said that it was. Anyway, with those points added mark's the shortest. Wade got the biggest laugh wave. You finished with Nine Points? Yes.


And Mark, you finished with nine points. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. The one man show. What, what percentages are we supposed to be at for this? It's Gonna be 12, I think it's gonna be 12 now. Yeah. Okay, good. I'm sure this will be fine for me. And here we go. Oh, Okay. Okay. All right. I know I was really clenched up there for a second. Mark wins. That's me baby. And the next one man show wheel spin will be 14%.


We're really climbing up there. What's what? What's one in six? 16, 17%. What's that one in five is 20%. I know that. And I don't know what one in six is because I'm too stupid at math. It might be one in six. I think I survived. And Mark wins. Congratulations Mark. And no one accidentally said the UNF word. Unfucked. Oh, he said it. Flip the coin. See who gets fucked. Anyway, congratulations Mark Wade, you lose talk about that. Look, I try to confine my ideas to Cincinnati favorite Cincinnati locations. But it turns out the thing that I think pushed everything over the edge was Cracker Barrel.


Cracker Barrel's, great love Cracker Barrel. Not Cincinnati exclusive, but we do have one and it's always been very good. So shout out to Cracker Barrel for really just put me in the ground today. I don't wanna be that guy, but if you're talking Cincinnati, exclusive Skyline is not either. It At least originated here and is mostly confined to here. I don't even know if that's accurate. There are definitely multiple skylines in Columbus. That's still Cincinnati. Columbus is anything. It's Cleveland. You deserve better than that. No, we don't. Mark, you win. Congratulations. Thank you. I feel like I did Cincinnati a disservice. Me winning this episode is a shock not only to me, but everyone in Cincinnati as the one not in Cincinnati winning this episode about Tour Guide of Cincinnati.


I feel like fate, it runs in strange ways. Maybe this is gonna compel me to go back to Cincinnati once and for all. Probably not. Just like with ci, with Blue Ash Chili. I always intend to go there and I just end up going somewhere else. I just pick somewhere else to eat. Just Pick somewhere else to live. That's so crazy how that works out. You're Just like, and you're moving truck on your way here and you're like, man, Indiana, what a great random place to stop. I keep trying to move back to Ohio, but I just keep picking somewhere else to move. Anyway, congratulations Mark. That means you're gonna host the next one. Thank you for listening and or watching.


I was gonna try and send a message to the listeners only, but the, the watchers can hear also, so that's not gonna work. Make sure you follow us on our socials Mark Ply. Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7 mice cream. Make sure you follow this podcast. Hit the little plus thingy or check marker, whatever the hell button it is. 'cause then you'll get notifications when episode come out. Make sure you watch the video version of this podcast available on Spotify and also on YouTube now. So we heard you, some of you complain about that. A small contingent. We're very interested in that. It's over there. You can go watch it now. There is no merch. I won't get your hopes up. There is no merch and maybe there never will be. But maybe. Thank you so much for watching and listening. My name is Bob. This has been Distractible and this is the End podcast out.