
Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Red-blooded Bob emphatically throws down with wow head mark, then sleuths about sequencing. Weirding Wade a du car loves POE, becomes PC and gets milky With SpaghettiOs muddled Mark gets lly green screened, declares Bob A heretic is horrified by the hornets, the mayonnaises and mustards molds from Carol Channing to sumptuous sartorial splendor. He, it's time for Does Order matters. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome to another episode of Distractible. My name is Bob. I'll be your host because I won the last one. My competitors for today will be Mark and Wade. They're competing for, that's right. Studio audience. The opportunity to host the next episode. Yeah. If you've never seen the show before, I'm Drew Carey. That's the rules. Am I Ryan because I'm tall or Colin? Because I'm bald. You're Definitely Ooh Or neither I Chip. You're definitely not Chip. If anyone's chip, it's Mark. Why do I gotta be Chip? Well, 'cause you're definitely not, you're definitely not Ryan. No, I don't want to be Ryan. Of course I'm not Ryan. None of us. None of us could be Wayne Brady and none of us could be Colin Mockery, that's for sure.


Well, except Wade, you are bold. I feel like Wade is more Ryan. It, I bleed, bleeding. Anyway, that's the explanation of the show. I'm not gonna give you any more rules. That's what happens. And so when the end of the show comes and you know what's gonna happen, then do you feel Lucky? Do you punk? I remember that. That's so good. If you don't remember that, you're not a fan. I have no fucking clue who Carol Channing is, but I know that Ryan loves Doing an impression. I looked her up one time and I was like, Ryan's impression makes no sense. But I'm sticking with it.


She's doing a bad Carol Channing Impression. Who is Carol? I've never looked this up, but Carol Channing, who is, she's the lady from the movie where she's got the gun and she's like, I knew what you're thinking. Did he fire six shots or seven? Oh right. That's Carol Channing. She passed away four years ago At 97 years old. Born in 1921. That's a good life. Well, I mean, I don't know the quality. I guess it's a long life. Let's, Let's say good. Let's just say good. I have a topic for today's episode as the host often does. I have an idea. Bye. I like this. When you searched Carol Channing, the questions are, what was Carol Channing famous for? And the second one is, why did Carol Channing say raspberries?


That didn't help at all. I thought that if there was a bright behind me, it wouldn't be like, oh, that, that background's bright enough. You really just look like you're green screened in at this point. You got it too. I don't know. Look, I could be in Mark's office too. Editors explode. Mark's background. Wait Till I do this. I'll give you something to Explode on. No, there we go. There we go. Oh, There We go guys. My, my capture card is broken. Dune. What? Dune You're in Dune. Isn't that I'm in Dune. Doesn't that look like the, the palace in in, wait, Hit the, the screech. I'll cue up the point.


Ah, It started actually on almost the correct note. That actually was really Close. Yeah. But then he didn't understand what you were trying to get him to do. Yeah. I don't know what the hell he was Referencing. What's wrong with that one part of Dune? Wait. Oh, it's your microphone. This is a really inconvenient cutout that definitely won't be exploited. I'm sure no one will ever do anything wrong With this. Wait, random unrelated question. How wide can you open your mouth? Oh, really? Wide. Wow. I hate this. Everything. I hate everything. How about this?


Oh, look at that. That's good. Is this the whole, is this is this small talk? Is this your small talk? No, I got other small talk. Oh, let's do small talk. Let's move on to small talk. Wait, go ahead. Yeah, so I've, there's a lot going on in life. Family holiday time at is and was upon us. This is our last episode before the New Year, right? Technically the last episode was our New Year's episode. So this one's kind of just filler. But this is our last episode of the year, technically. So I gotta tell y'all really hoping Diablo four turns it around. 'cause man, I'm still playing Path Excel still doing it. I, we played Path Excel Together. We did. It was fun. We got some good Orbis. Mark, you gonna join us on passive exile next time? No. That's what I feel bad about.


I should. Sorry. This is for the View. No, don't microphone. Don't do the microphone here. This Is veers only Anyway. No, I, I, I do have tro time. I feel bad that I have tro time, which I don't actually have tro time, have time that I should be working on many, many other things like Playing Path of Exile too, with your bud. He's not gonna play Path of Exile. Wade I's PO two with your homies. Look, it seems really fun. I'm not saying it's a bad game. I'm saying I don't have time to get invested into a game. That's why I haven't actually played a lot of games besides casual ones I can pick up and even when I do, I kind of get too into 'em because I just don't want to get that into 'em. That it takes up all my time and I want to play it. 'cause I know myself.


I want that for you. I want That for me too. I do. I gotta move. I gotta get the movie done. I gotta move on with my life. Mark. This is a long shot, but I just really want this for you in general. You think there'll be a point in your life where you circle back around and start just no Lifeing Wow. Again, at some point, like, like you, like you've made, you've made your dreams, you've done things, and you're not like in the middle of trying to pursue things that you're really passionate about. You're, it's more like you've got some more time. Things have opened up. Will you circle back? Assuming Wow is still, you know, in the next three decades will still be there if you ever want to go back to it. Oh, for sure. Yeah. It's not going anywhere. I'm sure. Probably. Maybe You think that's possible because wow, mark was like a whole different human being.


Yeah. That I don't even know who that person is anymore. I've tried to play, wow, almost every expansion, I kick it back up again. And it's fun for the leveling experience. I like some of the changes. Dragon Flight. I know that's already like two expansions behind by now. But Dragon Flight was fun. Made a lot of soup. I liked the soup mini game. That was fun. You know, leveled up the new Dragon. People were pretty fun. I liked the new things, but at the same time, it's like the reason that I really got into it was less about that the game was so fun. It was because there was a very specific social circumstance that made me feel like I was, I belonged and that I was valued because my skill was good where I could be useful and I was a healer and I had a very close core group of people that I, I like to play with a lot of.


So I did it more for them all my times. Playing. Wow. A lot were, because I was in a, like a guild that I really liked and I wanted to be around. I don't see myself doing that again because almost everything is, are you Mark Moore? Mark, Are you Mark? It's my own fault 'cause I made my character name to Marli. So, but even if I hit it, like usually as soon as I start talking, you know the game's up, but Go with trombone. Trombone. They'll never know it's you. Damn it. Why'd you reveal it? That name a hundred percent is taken Wade. Well it'll be taken after this episode, so I gotta go get back into it and claim it on every server. Get On it now and no one will know it's you. Everyone forget this. Expunge this episode from their minds editors delete their minds.


Oh, I'm curious to see what that's gonna look like in the final cut. Yeah, I have no idea what it's gonna do. That you Should look at the path of Vi Exile Two Skill Tree. I've seen it. It's Nightmarishly huge. Why? How does anyone actually fill that up? No, honestly, I've only played one character a little bit and it's terrifying. I don't care for the POE. It's Very Final Fantasy 10 esque. I was gonna say, it reminds me of the file Fantasy 10 and I fucking hated that so, oh, I remember That one. Holy shit. The Stupid orb web of file Fantasy 10 when it's just like, yeah and it's like infinite. And I hated it. I loved, I loved the water soccer mini game and I wish that it gave any other type of reward in the game.


'cause I played the shit out of it. I wish it got experienced or something. Like I spent all the time, I should have been grinding Blitz ball with Waka Dude. Blitz Ball was awesome. I had friends who didn't even actually play that game. Who knew what Blitz Ball was and had played it because, but because like people would be like, you gotta play blitz. Just try this, just try this. Mini games. The Xer can Abe The Erkin a how do you remember that? I, I looked that one up. I didn't remember the name. How is your memory so good? Oh, Nothing escapes Wade Steel Trap of a Mind. Wow. Final Fantasy 10 was the first RPGI ever watched anyone play or played. And the only one I played after that, the thing, I watched it after the Sumer.


But like, those were my introductions to RPG. So I have a lot of memories of those two specifically. 'cause they blew my mind after playing like Twisted Metal. It's like, well I guess I Diablo, but Diablo feels different than Final Fantasy does in the way that you do things. And like, there's not really a skill tree. It's like attributes and stuff. But like, I remember seeing the skill tree in that and watching like my friend grind and go and fight like the different summons and stuff. And it was like, that game blew my mind. So it stuck with me for a long time. Still has, I I already went over my browsing last episode. You're not at all sketchy thing of white powder. It is suspicious, but I'm not dead after trying it, so that's good. What else was new? It was more miscellaneous computer parts. Oh, All. I'm marking that one down too.


Oh, you and your, I don't believe any of you. I don't believe anything. You shouldn't. I play lots of video games and I'm enjoying 'em. And now that I'm less mobile and more like PC gaming, it's been a lot nicer. Nicer. I'm always inclined, like my problem with mobile gaming is I'm always inclined some of those, some of those gotcha options that pop up, I'm like, that would be nice. That would save me like three days of grinding. So I, I gotta be careful with that kind of stuff. Whereas a lot of PC gaming, like sure some, some of 'em have like battle passes and stuff like that path of exile is all purely cosmetic stuff. Like you buy the game and then there's cosmetic stuff and it's like whatever. Some of it I might care about mostly. I don't care. I just play and enjoy the game And it's just such a nice feeling to like play a game and not feel like I've gotta worry about stamina or You're Gonna love tro.


You're gonna love Tro. You are, you are gonna love tro. That's True. It's installed and ready to go. It's Super fun. Why don't we just cut this recording early and we just go play tro Oh, I'm down. We just record ourselves playing tro separately. All here. That's an episode of a Podcast. Oh, That's a little bit of small talk gaming. I want to, I have to redo the whole basement floor 'cause our cat has ruined the carpet. So I gotta redo the whole basement floor. I wanna get one of those like, board game tables. Like the poker table. But you can also put like the ping pong on top or like play cards or tabletop games. Mm. Like a, like a fancy one. Yeah. I I wanna get like a really nice just like gaming tape. I don't know where to go to shop for those, but yeah, I do want to get one. There's A couple, there's a couple brands that sort of have like make them more manufacture them, but there are also some like custom sellers where it's just like a, a woodworker or, or a small shop that makes it, there's some cool stuff out there.


Do you know any of those? Off the top of my head, no. I think we're worm wormwood where wood is one. I'm not sure if you start Googling the, the like mainstream ones will come up. But if you, if you dig around, I usually just go to Reddit. You dig around Reddit a little bit. People will talk about like, oh look at this. There are some ones where it's like they have cup holder attachments that hang out off the table. They like attach wherever you're sitting, but they're over the edge, over the edge of the table. So if you spill it, it doesn't like spill into the game field. There's ones where there's like compartments for your pieces or game like notebooks or whatever it, there's all kinds of stuff. It's very fun. Yeah. I, I also, I want to get one of those, but we have like a regular table in the place where that table would go and it's like, well that table's, table's fine.


Seems stupid to get rid of a table for a table, but maybe someday a really good One. Yeah, I gotta measure and see what kind of space we have. 'cause the one spot I've got for it is not the biggest space in the world. So I gotta see how big one I can fit along with having seating and room. 'cause like there was, the previous homeowners had a pool table, but like, it was not regulation. It was like more narrow. 'cause they couldn't really fit and play on a normal size one. So I've got a little bit of a smaller space I wanna put it in, but I'll figure all that out. But that's, that's, that's my goal for next year is to get the basement floored. Redone. Are you gonna fix it so the cat doesn't ruin it again? Or I'm gonna get like a fake wood, like a laminate wood or something down his thing can do the area rugs. Bob, your woodworking skills are coming in so clutch right now.


Not only can you redo his floors, you can build him his conversion table. I believe in you and everything that you will do in the future. Didn't You literally tell him like last episode he'd fail? Ah, I am betting against myself. He implied that I would fail, but he, he wants me to succeed and I'll allow that. All right, I'll stop. I'll stop building. I'll, I'll stop. I'll start building you a table wade. Okay. If it's really good I'll keep it and if not, I'll thank you for it and then I'll give that one away and get the good one. I'm gonna come over period periodically and just check and make sure it's exactly where I wanted you to put it and that you didn't do Anything. Oh, I'll be honest with you. I'll be like, yeah, yours was, yours was nice, but like I wanted nicer. But if you do a really good job, I'll keep it. I feel pre injure by that interaction. You guys wanna hear a funny story that's also sad and not funny at all, but kind of funny.


I'm ready to laugh. So, sports story kind of. No, not yet. Haha. He hold it in. Sorry. Okay. NBA's Hornets, sorry. After giving child the PS five before taking it back off camera. Damn. They replaced the PS five off camera with a jersey. Why? They're a basketball organization. Why not just give him the PS five? Like damn it Is the hornets. They It's the incident unfolded during the second quarter of Monday's game against the Philadelphia 76 ERs. When Hugo, the team's mascot dressed as Santa Claus brought a 13-year-old fan onto the court after a letter to Santa requesting a PS five was read out loud to the whole crowd.


A cheerleader presented the console prompting cheers from the crowd and visible excitement from the boy. That's nice, that's very nice. But the joy quickly evaporated when a Hornet staff member took the console back after the camera stopped rolling and handed the boy a jersey. Instead, the confusion was said to leave the boy. His family and even team performers stunned. Why in the fuck did they do that? There is no reason that could exist. That makes that make any sense whatsoever. $600 to the Charlotte Hornets is like a a an accounting error. Why would they do that? I don't know.


They issued a public apology on Tuesday acknowledging their error saying quote, during last night's game there was an onco skit that missed the mark. The skit included bad decision making and poor communication simply put, we turned the ball over and we apologize. The fuck does that mean? I was gonna say, if they have anyone who's worried about PR at all, they definitely already sent him a PS five as an apology. I didn't miss that. Right. That doesn't say that they did that. As far as I know, he still hasn't gotten the PS five. There's an easy solution to this. Apparently they told the, the kid's uncle beforehand that they were, it was the kids aren't keeping the presents we're giving them and uncle's like, ha, that's funny.


And then they meant it. But apparently now that all this shit's come out, they've said they've reached out to the family and not only committed to making it right, but exceeding expectations. We've provided the fam with the PS five that he should have taken home last night along with a VIP experience to a future game. However, that VIP experience, they're also gonna take Away. Yeah, they're just gonna, they're gonna like give him a bill once they're sitting in their VIP seats. Like, well you've got a New Jersey and a hat and you're sitting in these first class chopping the line seats. That'll be 900 bucks a seat, please. Also, this is a lifetime ban. You're never welcome back after this. I just, I wanna see the fan cam just focus on two child arms around a big pillar going like, yeah, my favorite name, The Hornets have called this an onco skit that missed the mark.


The skit included bad decision making and poor communication. The thing about that is what? Yeah, I want to know what accounting guy was like. We can't Afford this. We'll just trick him. That'll be fine. Just take it Back. Why not just tell him, Hey, we're gonna give you a jersey signed or not. The kid who's at a Hornet's game probably be like, oh cool a jersey. But instead they were like, you know, it would be a better idea. Pretend to give the kid the thing he wants for Christmas than take it away. That couldn't possibly look bad on us later. It's, it's just like, this is the joke you tell about a rich business guy and there's a baby and he is holding a lollipop. You want anyone?


And then laughing and punching the Baby. What actually happened was the players were in the locker room and one of their stars saw in the TV that the kid was getting the PS five and he was like, Hey, I don't have a PS five, what The hell? And they were like, oh wait, take that back. That's the only one. Give That, give that to the star. Give the kid a jersey or something, it'll Be fine. Four players on the hornets are making close to, I don't know, 70,000 or $70 million this year. Just the first four. I see their salaries and they were like $300 PS five. Ooh. Like Lalo ball is under contract for this year for $35 million and change. And then they're like, ah.


But that $300 PS five for the Christmas onco skit. It's a bold move. Cotton, let's see if it pays off. Mark. This was a great story to bring up. And I absolutely love when corporations do something good and then look like assholes when they make the most boneheaded decisions afterward. I'm just still trying to understand like there it was a skit. Okay, fine. They called it a skit. It was a skit. I'm trying to piece together what the joke was like. It was, it was a skit. 'cause they were like, oh, we'll pretend to give him a PS five, but we'll actually give him something he wants even more. A jersey Like the cheerleaders.


Apparently everyone, nobody was in on it. Like one person knew that it was a skit And it was like whispered to apparently the uncle like, the kids aren't actually keeping this stuff. It's what It just goes to show. No company ever has your goodwill in mind. It's only to garner support and look like they're good and make you think that they're nice. Everything else is a smokescreen. I wanna see the meeting where they were like, All right, what? What should we do? We need like an encore. Let's have someone come on the court. It's Christmas. What if we give a kid a pre day? Really wants Mm, but what if we take it away and give him a jersey instead because a jersey's an even greater gift. Yeah. That'll go great. Alright Johnson. Good work. Smoke break everybody Mandatory smoke R get outside.


Get Outside. Now That was actually a surprisingly large amount of small talk, but that's okay because the episode idea I have for today is one of those ones where in my head it sounds like it's totally an episode. But the more I've thought about it and written things down for it to talk about, the more I've been like, wow, this might be awful. Oh, so we're gonna do it anyway. No, I'm sure it'll be fine. I'm sure it'll be fine. Wade, I'm gonna give you the segue point for this. Even though the segue that you made was about 25 minutes ago. Thank you. And I'm gonna spell seg like the geos gyroscopic stabilized mode of transportation and not like That's 'cause we're wheeling right over to the topic.


Order is important, Wade, you are right. Order matters. Just like this is the last episode of the year. What did I say that that? When did I say that? It was a long time ago. It was like right at the top. The order in which you do things, especially some things matters a lot. And I have a lot of food, food stuff here, but we'll, we'll talk about a wide range of things and specifically I just wanna talk about what order we do things in and who does it correctly. So like first starters, we can talk about this, but this one is not the most engaging the order. You make a sandwich. Oh yes, I knew it. I had this in my brain.


Oh It's like a normal pretend. It's like you're making yourself the most deluxe sandwich you can but it's like a normal at home sandwich with all your usual stuff. Are We including getting the ingredients out or are we assuming they're already There? I like where your head is at. Include getting the ingredients out if that's a thing that you have order for. Do We get points taken off if we don't eat a lot of things on our Sandwiches? No, no. It's all about the order. We're just, I'm not, we I'm going to decide whose order is more correct is basically the way the points get divvied out here. So, but there's not like one point per thing there. If you have good reasoning, you know, you know how I keep score. I'm Drew Carey who wants to go first?


Me. Well he said it. That was fast. Mark you're up First. The obvious first step and this is something I'll defend 'cause some people don't do it and they're still wrong. If they don't do it, you should do this first. Check the bread. I always check the bread. Not that I have it but for mold. For mold. For Mold. Yeah because it's been there a long time For mold. Oh my god. Exactly. Check the bread for mold. I always assume there's bread around And it. I assume that because if there isn't, it's been thrown away and that's not me. It's there somewhere and it's probably, if it's old, I'll see the mold. I love that catchphrase.


I say it every time. If it's old I'll see the mold. It's like an infomercial. It's just perfect. Do You have one of those molding glasses? I want it to be a negative point but I have to give you a point for that 'cause it actually, it actually tickled me. It's gonna be one of those episodes. Go on. You've checked the bread. It's fine. Oh am I going the whole way? Unless you want to toss it back and forth. But I'm, I'm interested. I'm intrigued 'cause that is a very thoughtful first step. I got taken by that recently. I didn't make a sandwich. I was trying to like just have some toast like bread with peanut butter on it. Like a breakfast toast in the morning thing. Didn't realize till I was taking a bite of toasted bread and I was like, hmm, that tastes moldy.


F Hmm. I didn't, I get so I'm sure it's fine. So I, I'll keep going then. I can't say the specifics of the order but I, once I've checked the bread, it's to the fridge, right? Almost all of my ingredients for whatever sandwich besides a pbb and J are fridge based. Well actually include 50% of it are fridge based I guess in A PBJ. Unless it's new Jay. Yes. Could be new Jay. Yes, you're right. But I go to the fridge no matter what. I open the fridge, stand there because I've forgotten what I was making looking around. I I, the cheese, I I the giant block of cheddar that's there in the drawer and I go, Hmm, that's easier than a sandwich.


Oh a sandwich. And then I grab the mayonnaise, hey A sandwich and I grab the mayonnaise and the lunch meats 'cause in the same tray as the cheese. And then I grab the sliced cheese if I have it. Most of the time I don't because I've eaten it. So any sliced cheese goes very quickly 'cause it's slightly easier than chopping off my own cheese from the block. And I don't do that for a sandwich. That's A wrong kind of cheese, Wrong kind of cheese. Once I grab all of it, I grab it all in one. I don't tin tank, grab it all hip, close the fridge, plop it on the counter, grab a paper towel, rip it off, lay it on the counter, put the two pieces of bread on the paper towel, grab a knife.


Mayonnaise first meat, more meat, cheese. Sometimes I'll do ketchup or not ketchup. That doesn't go on that sandwich. Mustard. The other thing, mustard, some, a long time ago I told you bologna, ketchup and sliced pickle. Sandwich very good. But not for here. It's usually like ham, Turkey, roast beef, provolone cheese if I have it. Anything else, if I have that, a mayonnaise on the other side, I don't usually do veggies or anything. And I slap that bad boy on there. Close it up if I'm feeling fancy, I'll cut it diagonally, wrap it in the paper towel that I just had there. Nom nom, nom nom. I will say cutting your sandwiches at home. Underrated. It's a different thing to eat a sandwich that's been cut.


Especially on the dag. That's a nice touch. I do appreciate that. And you said you put, you put the, you build the sandwich on the counter but you put a paper towel down or do you just literally lay it on? Yeah. Paper towel down. Paper towel down. Bread on their mayonnaise on one side. Plop, plop, plop, clapp plop. Not plop, plop not p clapp, plop, plop, plop. You know when you make a sandwich, plop, plop, plop. P clapp, p clap, you know. Mm. Oh We all know about plop. I know how to make a sandwich or right then eat. Yeah, A lot of that. I gotta say content wise, a lot of that matches up with how I do it. There are a couple interesting choices. Wade hit me with it. I'm debating whether I want to give you my real thing or if I just want to go fucking wild.


I mean you can lie if that's what you're here for, I guess. I don't know. I just, I'm imagining like instead of spreading the jelly on the bread, you spread it on your hand and then just slap it on the bread and smear it off. What the fuck? That's the thing. I wouldn't believe that you did that. No. Okay, so I'll, I'll go pb and j 'cause that sounds the best to me right now. I had like a, a sub yesterday with like meat and cheese. So right now a PB and J just sounds good. But if I'm gonna have a PB and J, the first thing I always do, I do check the bread but I also check and make sure I've got milk. 'cause I need milk with a PB and J. So I gotta have milk that's in. That's good. And I also am like 10 years old so I have to have either chips or SpaghettiOs with my sandwiches.


Oh Whoa, Whoa. SpaghettiOs goes with PB and J, It goes with ham and cheese, PB and J, whatever. I like it with both. Those Are not the same kind of sandwich, but I'll allow it To give you my order of operations. I check, make sure all 'em, I have all my ingredients that they're all still good. And then it's timing. I, I go, I eat two sandwiches and a bowl of SpaghettiOs. But the timing has to be right. So I get a bowl, I open up the can of SpaghettiOs, put 'em in the bowl, scrape out the can, rinse out the can, whatever. And then I put a paper towel over the bowl and put it in the microwave 'cause SpaghettiOs like the out everywhere and make your microwave dirty. So you have to like wrap it and tuck the corners under the bowl, which gets to be really annoying. 'cause one corner always wants to untuck, but you get it tucked in, you put it in there and I think SpaghettiOs are like two minutes put in the microwave, get all my ingredients for making sandwiches ready to go.


Got my, you know, knife for the spreading of peanut butter. I use a spoon for the jelly. And then it's like timer start two minutes, gotta make my sandwiches. I get a plate, four pieces of bread and I grab two, set 'em down, two set 'em down. I do two sandwiches. Oh right. I must have missed that part sir. Two set 'em down, two set 'em down and then I flip the two over so that way they're two pieces of bread that line up properly. So yeah, so the butts are touching. So I know which jelly goes to which peanut butter obviously. And I start with the jelly. I do the jelly first and lay that down. Jelly, lay that down. Then peanut butter put it on top, peanut butter, put it on top. But when I eat them I flip and I eat jelly on top 'cause peanut butter like to stick to the roof of my mouth. So I want jelly on top when I eat.


And then usually microwave's about done when the sandwiches are done, put my stuff away, stir the SpaghettiOs or pour my chips, whatever one I'm doing. Pour my glass of milk, sit down, eat. I'm defending a piece that he does here really strongly because he is very right about the order that you do the peanut butter and jelly. He's correct jelly first. Why? Because you can lick the knife and it'll be clean going into the peanut butter. But if you do peanut butter first, you can't really get it off going into the jam. I don't mind a little jam in my peanut butter and spit I guess. But also I, I wipe it on the paper towel. So I use two different utensils. I use a knife for the peanut butter and a spoon for the jelly. But the peanut butter, Fuck this guy. I hope he burns in hell. This guy is the reason America is going the way it is.


Wait, say the reason out loud. Bring it home because You spread the peanut butter and then you dip it back in and you get a finger full of peanut butter from your clean finger you eat, but then the knife's still clean 'cause your finger was clean so you get one more. But then you've got saliva on the knife, so then the knife goes, has to be in the sink. But you get two just bites of peanut butter by itself. This this is a, this is a man of sin, of waste, of gluttony and excess. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry we just got unlimited silverware here. Oh, I only grew up with one knife that we all had to share. We all had to share that knife. When I was done, I licked it, handed it to my brother, he licked it clean so my germs weren't on it. Stick it in the jam.


Peanut butter. And then we just, you know, we use our long dog-like tongues to lick it outta a jar. Look, let me just throw this out there. I respect way it's reasoning. If you use a knife to get jelly out of a jar, there is something wrong with you as a person. Oh, I'm sorry. You're you. There is something that malfunctions and stuff, you Are across a broken fingers. Can't have the manual dexterity to navigate, jam out with a knife. What are you we're, we're out here and I just see ting, ting, ting and we're scraping it out. And like an animal, I churn the jelly with the spoon and then get it out. Churn It with the knife.


You still can't scoop it out. Yes you can. What kind of Jam are you doing? You're Pulling the liquid, not the preserves. Are you not doing the preserves? Wait, what he's telling us is he doesn't put enough on that. He, he doesn't encounter this as a problem. That's what he is telling us. Listen, the jam, you don't need as much as you do to the peanut butter. Oh, You need more jelly than peanut butter. No, you Need a lot of peanut butter, but you need more jelly. Listen, I don't need that much jam. I need the peanut butter, which is why I build a peanut butter wall around the bread edge of the bread. So the jam doesn't leak out. If you put too much jam in there, it's gonna explode everywhere.


That's why I'm a fast eater and I'm like, you have to watch your bite. It's like a whole act of like, yeah, It's a game. It's a bit, you have to def Take a bite. It's like, wow, how's the other side look. Oh I gotta get that. Oh you don't need peanut butter defending your borders. You are the border defense. You eat your way to the center and none of it leaks out. I'm sorry, listen, you're, you're trying to tell me that you need a spoon as a crutch to get jam out. It's not a crutch, it's just the way it's done. And it's because you like the mess that it makes after it's spilling out of your sandwich. I have never in my life had a mess from eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich 'cause I do it right. I haven't either 'cause I do it right.


Also A wall of peanut butter. You have more peanut butter than jelly on your peanut butter. Yes, of course you do. Oh, when you glue your mouth shut and die every time you eat one It's delicious. Yeah Dude, you gotta have a lot of jelly. It's gotta be the top layer in your mouth. The jelly is the, the part, the reward for the peanut. You can have peanut butter on toast whenever you want. That's not exciting. The jelly is the thing that spices it up. If you like the jelly so much and you eat the jelly up, it doesn't touch your tongue. You do jelly down so it gets to your tongue If You chew your food, it all touches everything. Oh, This guy said he ate fast. He ain't chewing nothing. Wade's hawking it down like a snake and an egg. Oh I Do chew.


I'm a fast eater but I do chew. I have a question though. I've never done this. I blew my own mind years ago, whenever it was like I wanted like a ham and cheese, but I also wanted a grilled cheese. So I was like, what if I just put ham on there and grill it and a grilled ham and cheese. Very good. Has anyone ever done a grilled pb and j? Yes. It's delicious. What you, what you really wanna do to perfect it because you don't really wanna squeeze it. 'cause of the nature of a peanut butter and jelly air fryers you take, you'd make a peanut butter and jelly if you want the prost of pro tips. It sounds gross Mayonnaise is the thing that you want on the outside of a grilled cheese sandwich. No, no mayonnaise, no may. Oh my god. You put it on the outside and then you toast it in the air fryer. No, it gets a thicker crust than butter ever could have dreamed of having.


This is from one of those stupid food blogs that some asshole was like, oh put man on the grill is better than butter. That person should be shot. I've been doing this since like 2015. And that's When you are the blog post. You Made it. I'm not a mayonnaise guy so I don't know if I'd like it or not. It doesn't taste like mayonnaise. Okay. It tastes the same as any other grease that my yard's on the outside of a grilled cheese. Oh it's, it's terrible because it started this epidemic of people all all of a sudden being like, oh you know you don't put butter on grilled cheese. You put mayonnaise and it's like, I like mayonnaise. It don't belong on the outside of your grilled cheese.


You just butter it and it's fine. We've tried it here because Amy was also like, oh you put mayonnaise. I was like, that's, and I even heard that. I was like, it's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. And then you tried. It's still the stupidest thing I've ever heard. Take my Points. I don't care. Take 'em. Take them away. Mark. Mark turned into Wade at some point during this exchange. God, I didn't know I was, I was doing this podcast with the barbarian heathens perfects. No. Do you wanna know why mayonnaise is good and why it's useful? Do you keep counter butter? Do you keep warm butter in your house or is your butter all refrigerated? It's refrigerated because spreading cold, refrigerated butter onto soft sandwich bread.


I might as well just fucking put it in a blender and then drink it because it destroys everything. There's no put it in the microwave. The man who won't use a second utensil wants me to microwave butter instead of just using the mayonnaise that's already on the counter while I'm making a Sandwich. Look, you put it in the microwave in the package for five seconds. It's soft. It doesn't melt. You microwave the whole thing Of butter just for One little bit. Why not just to soften it? Because it fucking melts the whole thing of butter. Because then you take the stick of butter that is soft and you rub it on your bread. You sir are the barbarian, you don't Need to cut it. You check that leaves the stick leaves bread Dingleberries on A whole stick of butter.


You lick it clean. Oh my god. It gets worse and worse. All Right. I don't, I don't do that. Where are we going? What's happening? I don't Do that. I don't want people to think I do this. I'm always used to being one of the ones yelling. It's so much fun to watch YouTube go at it. Isn't It fun? Isn't it fun? I don't lick the butter after I'm Done it. Before we move on from sandwiches, I do have a question and I feel like this might just be me being a special kind of insane bread loafs that you buy from the store. They have like a dome, the top has like a dome shape, right? So each slice of bread, it's not like it's a flat side. There's like a curve to it, right? Yeah. So there's one side that's slightly bigger and one side that's slightly smaller of the slice of bread because of the nature of the, the sloped top part.


Like a muffin. You have the muffin top. Whenever I make a sandwich, I specifically line it up. So it's big side to big side, which means that one of them gets like flipped around. Is this a thing that you guys ever think about in life or am I just crazy because I can't, if I make a sandwich and it's not like that and then you have like the uneven bread on, I'm like, ugh. It's, it's, you Don't want that. This is why when you pull out the slices, right, the four slices that I use for two sandwiches, you pull the out, those four put 'em into twos that are touching and then I flip them like long ways so that they're like small squared off side to small squared off side and then they close back up. It's like opening a clam and closing a clam shell almost that way you have the right two pieces of bread and the correct sides touching The correct way is actually, if you really want to do it, you take the the slices mirror at the other end of the loaf.


Ooh. And you, you have to reach in and obviously it takes a lot of work, but once you get down in there, you, you find its match and then that slope that it goes up on the dome fits perfectly. And whereas the other one is like slight. I get what you're saying is like slightly bigger to big. Yeah, but it's still slightly. Oh the hole slice is slightly bigger. It's, yeah, it's still not, it doesn't match up perfectly. The outside would be, but the insides line up perfectly. As long as they're the ones touching All you have to do No mark. Right. And I've never done this. All you have to do is open bread loafs from both ends. Oh God. Hold on. No, You just go in from the outside. Yes. Don't Go to the other end. Don't air, don't let the air touch it. You would go. So if you want one sandwich, the first slice of first sandwich you get, you'll take, you'll take away the heel.


'cause no one eats the heel. Oh the heel's A good part. You leave the heel for defense and you use that. Yeah. The Heel's, the defense. You don't eat the heel. It's I the heel. But it's, it's, you leave that, you take Out the first slice, you go all the way to the other end for the other slice. I don't say I do this, but I'm saying it is there. No, no, it's perfect. It's perfect. That's perfect. The other two are close enough together and they line up 'cause they were where the cut was made. They're Slightly different. They're slightly Different. But the mirror piece is the actual correct piece. Assuming it's a perfectly symmetrical loaf, Generally they, they are, they're manufactured. Even if it's not, then this one may not have, the first two might not have a mirror piece, but the next two will like at some point there is a, there's a majority of mirrors.


Yeah, but where it was cut, you know those two sides line up. Yeah. But then it's one bigger and one smaller. That's okay. That's interesting. That's interesting. You know what? I feel like we arrived for where we were in the middle of that. I think we arrived at a really good place on sandwiches. Anyway, order matters. Great episode Bub. Yeah, well I have a bunch of other stuff. No, I Want more. I want more. I have, I wanna do another food one 'cause I'm curious about this. I Hope you bring up cereal. I hope to God you bring up cereal. Oh, that one's quick and easy. Okay, how Can you screw this up? There's only one answer with cereal. So let's do that real quick. Cereal. Oh, Here we go. What Or bowl of cereal.


What order? Ooh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna roll up the sleeves. You put your bowl down, you pour milk in it, then you pour your cereal. Dude, I'll die on this hill. And there's so many reasons all you sheep will out there that think it's okay. You pour your, pour your cereal for in your milk. No, you pour your milk first. So you have a fixed quantity of milk. The elements that you're fighting is time till sogginess. If you have your milk first you get the quantity of milk that you want and then you pour cereal a little bit at a time so it never becomes soggy. And then you will have a perfect ratio of cereal to milk at the end of it.


Because you will pour exactly as much cereal as that milk requires in the Duration that it needs to be poured. So the the chi sogginess thing is always the argument and like, that's correct to me, but I've never understood, you know how how I do it is you pour the cereal first and you pour a small amount of milk and then you eat down the side. Oh. So that you're eating the part that's in the milk as it's getting milk saturated before it gets soggy. There's not enough milk, like for me, like less than a quarter of the bowl is ever touching milk at any given moment. Why? Why if you pour milk first and your cereal floats, you get like five cheerios before it's floating over the edge of the giant bowl of milk that you just poured.


How much do you fill it with milk? I dunno. I assume if you pour milk first, you pour a lot. 'cause you're fucking weirdo. Why you pour Like a third of it in there? You don't want a lot of milk but you, you are you, the way you're describing it, you're a milk firster in denial. You're a milk firster. I would just rather have my cereal maxed out and then enough milk to make it very delicious to eat. I don't have time to pour cereal 30 times for one meal. I fill that bowl like three quarters with cereal. I pour it like half full of milk and then it's like a hot dog eating competition. Man, I'm, I'm ravenous, I'm a fast eater and I am pouring through that thing. You Don't need to do that if you just pour your milk first.


I like it and I wouldn't change it. And How many times have you been there when you have your cereal, you pour your milk inside, you're like, oh shit, I don't have enough milk. I gotta go pour more. Never You can tell how much milk you have. That's never ever happened. Because when I pick the milk out of the fridge, I know exactly if I have enough or not enough milk then pour that Amount into your bowl. You know what I've had happen, which is even more sad, is whenever I'm preparing for this and I go to pour the cereal and the box weighs so much, I'm like, oh, there's at least enough for a bowl and like four pieces of cereal come out and that's it. Well that's, that's a whole other issue. That's other issue. That's sounds like a skill issue. Yeah. That's a different Issue. Well nobody gets any points for that.


I feel very conflicted now. Oh it is cereal first It is milk first. Wade. Somehow you are right, but very wrong. And somehow Mark, you're right, but also wrong. And I don't understand how this is where we arrived at, but I, I find it very confusing. Crunchy cereal is better but you don't milk first. Well you are just accepting soggy cereal as your Life. I think Wade's argument is he eats it so fast it doesn't have a chance to get soggy. But that's not how I eat cereal. Cereal is fun. I want to enjoy that. I don't want to just, I Enjoy it. The truth of the matter is full bowl of cereal, fast refill 'cause there's still milk More, more. The milk reload is always nice 'cause then you're putting cereal into cereal flavored milk and then you get, especially if it's something like what of those, the cinnamon toast Crunch milk.


Yeah, that's a whole separate kind of, that's like a special Experience. But that's, but that's a milk first thing too. You you, it gets progressively more cereal and by the bottom of it, when you're finishing out the exact ratio that those last bites are just as delicious. Now you pour it over the cinnamon toast crunch And it gets that loose granules off and saves it for later What you're just stripping your top layers of cereal of their cinnamon For. Put it from the milk for Later. Let's move on to a stupider one. What order do you get dressed in? This is not a complicated process unless you're putting out in like a three piece suit or something. What order do you get dressed in? Because there's kind of an order you have to get dressed in. But there are choices along the way. Are We saying like you're taking a shower, getting outta the shower, getting dressed for the day or something?


You are starting as you were born with nothing around you or upon you. How do you begin to clothe yourself from a hundred percent naked state? Alright, I'm, I'm gonna take this like getting outta the shower. Am my first mark. First. Go ahead. Mark seems to be pondering It is underwear first then for me, usually shorts, then shirt and if I'm going out and about it's socks, well sometimes I'll do okay if I'm going out and about. Sometimes it's socks after underwear, before pants are shorts because sometimes jeans can just be annoying to deal with whenever you're like trying to put socks on. So if I'm doing socks then it's underwear, socks, shorts, shirt. If I'm just hanging around the house, underwear, pants slash shorts, then shirt. So you're a no socks in the house kind of person though?


No, I don't really need 'em. I'm not like a cold person. I feel like socks, I get warm so I don't really need socks to in the House. I'm either socks but I never walk around with bare feet in, in my house. I have slippers on. If I don't have socks, I'm barefoot. Gross. Disgusting human being that you are. That makes sense. Along with your jelly tastes. Dude, growing Up, my mom had a pool whenever I was in like an elementary school and you'd wake up it was just like, oh, wake up, put on some swimming trunks, walk outside, hop in the pool. Like you never needed shoes for anything. Why would you put shoes or socks on to go to like walk outside? So I just kind of grew up being used to being barefoot. More convenient, less to take off and deal with later. If I wanna to swim. More Ringworm on your feet. Never had ringworm. My feet are too tough to get it. I don't think he knows what ringworm is.


Isn't It hookworm? Is it hookworm what you get in your feet? Probably you would know Worm foot. That's my favorite Lord of the Ring's character. He's basically right. I mean, I can't really argue it's underwear first. And any anyone that actually argues underwear in any other place than first, they might have something wrong with them or they might be magical. That would be very impressive but not practical for me. I slip into my very comfortable revolutionary briefs first, obviously. And then I stand there and let the, the the cool get to me. 'cause if I put on anything too fast, I start sweating immediately after a hot shower. Yes, I take lukewarm showers. I can't do hot showers and I don't overheat. If anything I'm chilly when I get outta the shower. So I wanna get dressed quick.


'cause I, well you need the, you need the hot shower, but you just need to cool down the hot showers way better. I'm too much of a baby to do the cold after the hot shower. 'cause I'm like, I just enjoyed it. Why am I gonna make it terrible at the end here? Yeah. So I, I put on my underwear and I just kind of stand there for a bit, walk around, let myself cool down. Then it's, yeah, I, I think he's right. It's pants. Sometimes I'm underwear shirt first. But usually it's underwear, pants first. It's whatever I can reach first, honestly. But most of the time if after a shower, you know I'm getting properly, do I say pants? Yeah. Underwear, pants, shirts, socks are dependent. It's, it socks fit in that order. If I'm going out. Yeah, it's like socks then shirt or shirt and then socks will come when they come. Yeah. My feet have gotten further away as I've gotten older.


I don't know what's happened. Oh, you mean 'cause you're tall? Yeah. Well that also just like, I feel like I put on a bit more weight. So like whenever I put jeans on, like try like, I I something about jeans and socks. It's like I never wanna put on socks. If I have jeans on, couldn't tell you what it is. Maybe I need stretch. Like they have those stretchy jeans that are really comfortable. Yeah. Do you still wear like hard, like hard denim jeans? 'cause they have like, I think a couple of pairs I have are, but like, there's something about like, you reach in jeans and, and even if you can like physically stretch, sometimes jeans are just like, hmm, you're not today. I Haven't worn jeans in a long time. I Prompted that one by saying it was gonna be stupider And it was, I was so, I was just hoping for some surprises, but no, no, no magical surprises. Not here. Not here. Alright.


This was just happening. We all probably just did this at least in some form. It's still an order, but it's not an order of different things you do. This is one thing that you do. How do you approach unwrapping a present? Assume it's a, it's a box. This is not some weird, it's like a box. It's wrapped in a very sort of traditional way where it's like the ends are taped and it's just like a very standard straightforward wrapping. How do you, where do you start? How do you approach this? I'm gonna throw this out there and I want to disclaim, it's not me. This is not me. I'm gonna describe a psychopath. Oh, okay. Okay. A psychopath opening a present. And I know this because I witnessed it all growing up from my brother. A psychopath, opening a present carefully lifts the tape so that it doesn't tear the paper and slowly disassembles the entire wrapping without ripping any of the paper.


And then removes the present, sets it aside and folds the paper. Why, Why? I don't know. He didn't do this a lot. Like, but for a while there he was very perfectionist about it. He wanted to do it as like a challenge. I don't know if he still does it because we don't do tons of presents now, but he did that. It stuck with me. And so I like a sane person just take the present and go, yay. However it'll come off. I get it off whatever. I see the You don't, You don't have a technique, you just dive in. Whatever I, there's usually a weakness on wrapping. And if it's like a professionally done one, you gotta go in through the long sli side. Long slip. But you gotta be careful 'cause you'll paper cut yourself if you go too fast. That shit's sharp, especially the professional ones.


But usually just grab under that first one piece of tape. 'cause no one really puts that much effort into taping it or they shouldn't anyway. And I go, that's it. The shush shush method, Wade. So two things here. First of all, if you get a bag that has like the wrapping paper in it and then like there's just a present under the wrapping paper. I am the guy that's like, well they might want the bag and the wrapping paper back. So I'll like gently take out the wrapping paper and like make sure the bag's okay. But if it's a present that has like wrapping paper and tape, if it has a bow, I'll like undo the bow nicely. Like okay, maybe someone wants to reuse this or whatever. Try to be thoughtful. But then the wrapping paper, it's you find those folds. 'cause usually for our family it's the side folds and you grab those little triangular fold things and you rip one and then you have your weakness and then like mark, I mean mark's right about that rip.


Yeah. But I do it to the bags too. I don't give a shit if they want 'em back, they can get the pieces back, get A bag and you don't open it. You just start ripping the bag. Why don't you feel the need to clarify that you don't damage the bag? What kind of sociopath damages a bag? That a present comes in Exhibit A. Whoa, whoa, whoa. That doesn't make, that makes me feel unsafe. I mean some people are kinda rough. They'll like dent the bag and they'll just be like, tear into it. They'll like fold up or rip the paper inside. It's open. You don't have to do that. However, the present got in there, it comes right back out. I am gentle with the bag because the bag poses a risk. Sometimes they put it nestled into the paper. I've had a nightmare scenario where I pull the paper out, the present came out with it.


It was a glass ornament And it just, or some kind of decorative thing. It went right outta the bag and shattered on the floor and, And it, 'cause it was wrapped like the paper was like a U around it. And so when I pulled one side it came all out. And so that was, that was sad. So I'm careful with that. I do not shush, shush, shush the Bags. All right. Well apparently I'm the crazy one. What do you do? I don't have a, I don't do what your brother did or anything, but I hate, I want it to be satisfying. The thing about opening presence is the ripping randomly is less satisfying to me than maximizing the number of rips though. You get, you start on one end and you get the end open and you kind of work your way. You kind of undress it, kind of work your hands in and you kind of work your way down and you like rip it all the way down to the other end.


But then you also wanna enjoy untapping slash tearing. The other triangular end part, it's just like, it's like when you do a screen peel, you know you have like the plastic on the screen. You don't just take it and just go wha and peel it. You take the plastic and you go and you ease it. It's like satisfying. I do not foreplay my bags, man. I'm going in raw. You, I'm not saying I do it slowly, it's quick, but it's, it's like maximizing the satisfaction of it. This is the type of guy that would rather go to a burlesque show than a good old fashioned American strip club. Am I right Wade? Hit it? Probably, yeah. Oh, are those different in a way that I should understand.


I've never Been to a burle. I've only been to one strip club and no burlesque, so I must be an American. All right. I've been to, I've been to Zoo Manatee in Vegas. Does that count as burlesque? I don't know where that falls. I don't know. But Star Wars had a burlesque show in Cincinnati recently. I forget what it was called. I heard about that. Did you bring that up? I think you brought that up. The Empire Strips back. Did I talk about that on the show, Right? Yeah, I think you did. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's like still happening. I think Disney Hasn't shutting them down yet. Nice. Hey, you can't shut down burlesque. I assume No one can. It's illegal. Probably, I assume. Yeah. I really should have saved sandwich for last. It was just, it just started off with a lot of fireworks there. And then look, I just, you Know, watching YouTube go at it doesn't happen often. I'm al almost always the one that gets controversially attacked, Controversially attacked.


I don't know if that's, It's controversial so I get attacked. I don't deserve it. But like YouTube going on, it was very entertaining for me. Listeners and watchers, I guess if you want, tell us what order you do things in by following this order. Very particularly, go to the Reddit, find the thread for this episode. Make a comment where you talk about what order you do things in. That's an imp. You can't change that order. That's kind of the order that has to happen in. Or you'll just be commenting on some random website on the internet. What if they make like a Word document where they type it out, their comment, then they go to the Reddit and just copy paste it. That's Some serial killer shit right there. I love it. That is the end of the episode. I, I really thought I didn't have enough. I have like seven more of these we could talk about, but I, I'd do another, I'd do another episode.


I, we could, we could circle back to this. We could circle back to this. I think some of these other ones are gonna have a little more nuance so we'll have to get to. So maybe we'll circle back. I don't do 'em many things so the order of things are gonna really be interesting. If I don't do it well Then maybe you could just make it up. Excellent. The points are actually, you know what, I'm gonna read what you got points for and then I'll say who it was at the end. See if we can figure out who said what you got points for. Do you feel lucky? That was me. Confusing Homer. Me. Yeah, trombone. Trombone. All Me. Fair plus. Honest segue spelled wrong. Moldy glass. Ha. I hate that. Laugh Under the gun.


Sand twitch serial confusing and what you got a half point for and wrapping. I guess Most of those sounded like me. Yeah, that was Wade's points. Mark you got a point for Dune. Really wide secrets. Hornets skit. Check the bread. Plat plat plat, plat, plat pla defending Wade. For some reason the mirror pieces of bread and then confusing cereal also earned you half a point. If you can count, you will know that with nine and a half points. Today's winner is Wade Damnit Dude, starting the year off right.


I actually ended up giving you a lot of sandwich points Mark, despite how much we went back and forth on that. But then I think I then I think I was just worn out by that and so I really favored Wade for the whole rest of the episode. Yeah, Yeah, that makes sense. I get that. Yeah, But I, but I tried to be fair with the sandwich stuff 'cause I, I did it. You know what? Explain. If you want to explain yourself in your loser speech 'cause you have one more opportunity. I think that I made myself very clear there is a right way and a wrong way and there will be no tolerance for the wrong way as I will decide what is right and wrong. The very next time I win this podcast, I will declare myself always right.


I will make that the truth because it is the truth. And anyone that says otherwise is a liar, a worm footed liar and I will not tolerate. And no one should ever tolerate such people. If you can even call them people, You can. I rest my case. Got 'em. Wade winner speech. It's been a rough stretch this last couple of months. There's been a lot of losses. But if I learned one thing today, it's that if you go head to head with Bob at something and like you, he disagrees with how you feel about it, he's less likely to award you later. And I'm thinking that next time he hosts, I'm gonna try to remember that and let Mark wear him out so he gives me more points. And I think that that is absolutely fair.


I also wanna point out that I think Mark had four things, Bob, that I had to mark down today and I think we had two in the last episode, so I just wanted to make sure we're keeping track of that. I think that's right, but it was fun. I'm glad that we could all agree on most things. The sandwich one being a strange one. I think we, we pretty much agreed, which is good. Cheers to that. I hope you all had a great 2024. Here's the 2025. Oh that was one. See you all soon. Enjoy taking Mark's image and doing what you like with it. And thank you for another great episode. That was another one. Mark, you're supposed to check with me if it is one. No, no, you're not part of this. That's part. No, that is part of It. There's something else. No, no. Oh, that's another one. Bob, that's for you.


I gotta write that in your column. Well anyway, thanks so much for watch listening. Oh, that was another one. Everybody who watch, listen to this episode. Check out Mark applier. Lord man. 7, 7, 7 or my firm. Those are our names. That's the end of the episode and the end of the year. Woo. Oh Wade, that was Another one. Yeah. So we'll see you at the same time. We always see you the next episode when it comes out on the next time, but it'll be in a whole new year. Fucking it burning.


That's the end. Bye everybody. Podcast out.