
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, yeah, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like All my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bang Court Bank. Na. Pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by Batman aum. Shadow available only on Meta Quest three and three s. I'm just excited to be able to use Batman's gadgets, Shock glove punch, the Rat King, just the bat versus the rat. That's gonna make for some really good headlines. But come the night Batman AUM Shadow is included when you buy Medi Quest. Three or three s available now. Learn more@batmanaumshadow.com. Team Batman. Shadow is only VR me. Quest three and three s offer valid on qualifying products purchase from September 25th, 2024 through April, 2025. Terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Network. The Epic return of Yellowstone America's number one show is on Paramount network. What will become of the Dutton family? Can they save the Yellowstone Ranch? How far will Beth and rip go to protect the family? Legacy Generations of blood have led to this and nothing will prepare you for it. The epic return of Yellowstone Sundays at eight seven Central, only on Paramount network.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode, Wembley Wade repeat watches Leo Rex and asks his pals to fill in his blanks. Mankini Mark Sno slumbers his way into mad motoring and invokes the king of the Naga Boish bomb. Wrecks a super seat with spraying, terrifies our natural satellite and blames Mark for an earworm from Blizzard people to extreme closeups. Yes, it's time for Get Mad Libs. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey, everyone. welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, which I feel like I've been saying a lot lately. I've been on top for quite a while. Feels good, Wade. That's my whole name. I'm joined as always by my co-hosts and friends. Mark and Bob. Hello boys. Hello. Unless you said Mark's name first, does that mean that I lose already? Ooh, it does not, but it does mean I don't have my scoring pad in front of me. so I better get that going. Thanks for reminding Me. Can we get him in trouble for that? Let's both throw our flags at once. 3, 2, 1. Oh, I'm so sorry they missed the mark. What color is it supposed to be? I have a blue flag. I don't know guys. I've got the point scoring right here and know what you guys are trying to challenge me on.


Oh, okay. Well I was gonna say he's on a winning streak because I keep trying to chuck Wade the win and hoping he would make me win one day. But I think, I think the ratio of Bob wins when Wade's hosting is 100%. I'm pretty sure it's, I I do not do well when Wade's hosting. I am about 900% sure you, I didn't give you the last win. No. And you gave it back to me just now. I don't remember. I don't recall. I don't recall. Let's check the score Because I'm pretty sure the last one I won or I hosted was Philosophy Corner about free will and you won that right By kissing ass. I don't recall. Editors make me lose. so I look better in this moment, but bad in the past Despite giving Mark's points.


First, mark lost. Whoa. Oh, if you want that, you don't need the editor's help. I got you buddy. No, retroactively only in the past Intro words and stuff. Hope you're all doing well out there watching and listening, especially watching, we know who I'm biased towards. We usually start this off with some small talk. so I guess we'll continue that trend today. How's things goes? I have a harrowing journey, but I'll, I'll offer Bob the floor. What type of journey? Harrowing. Oh, okay. Alright. Ends with a GI Don't have anything that crazy. I It, I broke a toilet seat in the middle of the night. And it, scared the shit outta Me. A thunderous bowel movement.


It was an old, old cheap toilet seat that came with the house and I, it was literally like three in the morning. I got up half asleep to get the baby and on my way back to bed I was like, I'll just have a quick pee in the, in the toilet. That'll be fine. And I sat down on the thing, And it in the middle of the dead of the night. It just goes right under my ass. And I just about jumped outta my entire soul. But no one woke up in the rest of the house. It was just my own private experience. I, I was, I was assuming when you first said you had to get up and go pee, I thought you the sheer power of your stream of urine shattered the cel and like glass. I usually don't pee standing up for this exact reason, but I was like, ah, I'll risk it.


And I power washed the toilet bowl right in half. But I cut a hole in the side of the house once when I was really drunk. Comes out like a, like a, like one of those water jet CNC machines that cuts titanium Power wash. It's actually my superpower. If I, if I wear my special underwear that aim it down, I can fly like a rocket ship. Wait, wasn't that actually a Bit that we did? Isn't That actually, I wasn't one of us. The man who shits and one of us, the man who pisses And. it was a, it was like a superhero fight between the shit man and piss man or something. Oh Yeah, God, good times. Was that three pins or was that Distractible? I don't remember anymore. I don't remember.


Turns out that wasn't made up. That's just my life guys. Oh, Okay. All, right. Well my, whatever my power was was personal experience as well. Unless it's embarrassing. Not Shattering seats but like cleaning toilets and having multiple toilets, man, I have learned to just sit and pee no matter what because I have gotten real tired of splash damage. Is It, 'cause you guys are so tall, so you're so high off the ground that it just falls like rain by the time it hits the Floor. Imagine you trying to pee but you're standing on top of a four story building. That's what it's like for us. And you're trying to hit us the same size toilet bowl. Yeah. Just for reference. Okay. I know it's hard to imagine You're six foot Four but your dick Starts at four stories up in the Air.


It's so long. You have to arch it. Yeah, Even we have to climb a ladder to get to it. Yeah, you could Coil it up in your arms and kind of aim it but Blah. How's that? I throw it up on the dick Rack. We used to do gymnastics where we'd bounce off of it like a diving board and do a flip. Actually I, I don't know why I thought you were gonna say rhythmic gymnastics, but our dick was the streamer instead of the streamer. Just imagine Wade is leotard tumbling around. I'm imagining, I'm picturing are Leotards always leopard print or never leopard print. And I only think that because they start with LEO Always. That's why all Olympians look like leopards. Oh yeah. I guess they wear those two.


That's where the name comes from. Leo leopard. Tar Leo. Leopard Outfit. Leopard outfit. Obviously I'm, I'm a Leo, you know a leopard. Well I'm a Virgo. You know a virgin. You Are a kid. A kid. But wouldn't that be impressive? It's like the inverse of the immaculate conception. That's why you should sit down to have sex instead of say it stay, say, say it. It's very dangerous. It comes out like one of those water jets that cuts titanium kind of watch out. Anything that comes out, it's the same pressure. It's crazy. So you can't control that. You can't like put some kind of nozzle on the end of that.


Now, although there I can turn it, I can turn it down, but there's sort of a floor on that that doesn't, doesn't get down to safe levels with normal controls. I get you. You gotta have special gloves. I see. Oh, What's your small talk mark? Oh, you know me driving again, for those who don't know, I've been bouncing back and forth between Texas to for movie stuff. Movie stuff, tm. I went out there yesterday 5:20 AM flight, got up at three at the airport. That was fine. I didn't get much sleep but four hours, five hours, something like that. So enough for like one sleep cycle. so I go there, grape trip, very productive. I didn't get to bed late 'cause I was, I was working and talking with people. I get to bed, I set an alarm for three 30, my flight's at 6:00 AM by the way, the airport's 30 minutes away, two hours before very responsible of me.


I wake up at three 20 ish right before my alarm. I look over at my phone like, ah, 10 more minutes to snooze. I blink. It's 4 45. Oh no, I swear to God I just blinked and my flight departs at six airport 30 minutes away. I think the person at the front desk, I didn't get her name but she was so sweet because it was the same person that I checked in with that I checked out with. And I told, she was like breakfast at six and I was like, ah, I gotta be out before then. I was like, oh no, well you b get to sleep. And I was like, I will. And so I'm she. I like, I told her when my flight was and I'm sprinting outta the elevator and she's like, oh hey, well you're late. And I'm like, I know. And she's like, just leave the keys here.


And I was like, I don't think I'm gonna make it. And she's like, believe it was very sweet of her. Get in my car at 4 58 I think. And I take, you know, an extra few seconds 'cause I wanted to like change my phone. Usually it's like avoid toll roads. But I was like, fuck it, let's toll it, road it up. so I take the time to switch that. But then the navigation was like, it's the same road. Oh neat. so I didn't save any time. That delay. I hit every red light, every single red light. And I know it's because I took the extra 30 seconds to change that setting. I'm not joking. Every red light, there was no one on the road. There was not a soul out 'cause it's, it's 5:00 AM and there's no one else.


And I look around at all these beautiful Dallas streetlights, not a sensor in sight. They're all AK archaic. 1950s tech where it's just a clock. Wait 30 seconds. I hit every single one and half of them were right as it was turning yellow. And then I get on and because Texas roads are just a nightmare. I mean I live in la I know nightmare roads, Texas roads are worse. Like the highway on ramp, off ramp, the whole system is messed up. If you have ever driven in Texas, I bet you're proud of that for some reason it's awful. You know who you are. you don't even get the Californians like you take the 4 0 5. But like you don't even the, the numbers are all different. Random odds evens. There's no structure.


Three numbers, one number two numbers. Every road's a toll road better be careful. And so I, I'm gunning it and I take the wrong exit. so I, go fuck. As I swerve across four lanes of empty traffic to the other exit that I wasn't supposed to go to. Do you turn around and I'm like, okay, I'll just, it's an on-ramp. I'll get back on, I'll get on the highway, I'll be zooming. It's no problem. It goes off because of course it does. It's a highway. It it is like an off ramp. You turn And, it goes back onto the highway. But it doesn't go back on the highway because you go on the highway, highway and then immediately off to a service road, I hit a red light. It was one last red light that I fucking hit And. it was so it was the longest one. And I'm looking at, at clock, I haven't gotten, I've, I'm like half a mile from my hotel.


It is taking me 10 minutes. It is 5 0 8 by the time I am just about getting on the highway. It takes 25 minutes there in my souped up dodge charger that the rental guy gave me that I'm three over the speed limit on. So I'm going 73 because at least it's 70 miles an hour there. And then I I, I do the thing where I get in the rental place, it's 5 25. Throw the keys at the lady. Well I hand, I leave them in the car. I don't throw 'em at the lady. But imagine if I did and I, I get in there, I think it's at the terminal, but Dallas Fort Worth is the airport and it's a nightmare if you've ever been there. I've been through that airport a lot. It sucks. Yeah. At least I was like okay, they have a good tram system so it probably has a stop at the rental place, not buses. Guess what I see as I'm running up to the bus stop, a string of red lights between where you are and the terminal that the bus has to hit.


It might as well be, it's my bus driving off my fucking bus just I was going terminal D and it's like I see a big D and I literally do the thing like what doesn't stop Everyone else at the bus stop just looks at me and goes, and there's, there's not many people but there are people waiting and here I go. Yeah, who is that guy? I wait another 10 minutes, 5 35 I get on this bus and I'm like, okay, I'm on everyone else taking their time. Bus driver packing luggage. I'm primed and ready there and I'm, it takes 10 minutes to get to the airport. It's not terrible. But when you're this far behind my, again 10 minutes, 5 35, I arrive at the airport flight leaves at six. I'm like okay terminal D.


And then it's like boom. Everyone's getting off. If you're in gates 22 to 40 something, I'm gate 21, wait another two minutes. Everybody gets off. I'm looking at, I'm staring this clock in the face at 5 38 we move 5 39. I get out, I have TSA precheck. So I'm like, I'm ready to go. Here we go baby. Where is it not open too early in the morning. Yeah, I'm like that. It was just no precheck. No, that always happens. But I look at the security and it's empty. Thank fuck it's empty. There's no one in line. And I'm like, okay, where do I go? I had the, the two TSA ladies are staring me as I route the turn style back and forth and back and forth and I swear I was in there for a minute and I get in there and it's beautiful And, it iss like okay everyone check me out.


She gave me like a little TSA pre-check. Like, oh we don't have it open but you can put this, you don't have to take your shoes off but you still have to do all the other stuff. I'm like, thank you, I guess. And so I pack all my things and by the time my, my stuff is out of the X-ray machine, my phone is ringing like just ringing nonstop. And so I, I don't even put my laptop back in. I slap it under my arm. I throw my book bag, my backpack, my book bag because I'm gonna school my book bag, my bag and I answer the phone. It's the gate agent asking where I am and I'm, I'm hauling ass through the airport. It is like, it's 5 45 or something like that. And I know ga, the door's closed 10 minutes before boarding, right? Yeah. That's like the deal. Normally I get up, she's calling me like, where are you?


I'm like, I'm two gates away. Wait for me, wait for me. And then I see, I see her on the phone like down there and she's like, oh okay click. And so I get up there and I'm like, I made it. I made it. So they're like All right. Go. And so I thought that would be like some fanfare like oh you did it. And so I scan my pass, I go halfway down the jet bridge, my backpack that I didn't zip up unfolds completely 'cause it's one of those backpacks that folds like this. My my tiger balm muscle cream rolls on, rolls down comically, the jet bridge, Tiger balm, muscle cream, Tiger Balm, you know Tiger Bal, you've never had Tiger Bal. You know about Tiger Balm? Balm BLBA lm.


Oh no, There's a joke in the Austin Powers movies about it. Oh Tiger bomb. It's For sore muscles and stuff like that or sore back or stuff. It's good for it. Yeah, but it, we're rolling down the runway and so I let go of my, my roller carry-on to go get it and I chase it down and I might roll a carry on sales past me and go down as well. And I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing. so I scramble. I just grab everything I can and I burst onto the plane like, like heaving breathing and the two flight attendants were looking at me like, welcome aboard. I'm like, I made it. I said to them again waiting for someone to be like All. right. Cool. And I was expecting like, can you help me gate check this bag? He was like, oh there's plenty of room.


And I look and the plane's like half empty and it's just like there's tons of space. Everyone was, and we didn't take off for another 30 minutes. I Felt really stupid. We were waiting for fuel. When the gate agent called you, she was like, Hey Mr. Fishback, you were like, I'm coming, I'm coming. And she was like, oh, I was just gonna tell you we're like 20 minutes behind schedule so you got lots of time. Oh there you are. That's why everyone was so befuddled by your exasperated experience, appearance. I burst into that plane heaving breath like I had been running or speed walking the entire time with all my shit and well the Running speed limit's 10. What were you going 11? I don't know man. I don't know. But yeah, so harrowing journey by the skin of my teeth.


Except not. And no one clapped. You were set up for failure because the, the woman at the hotel established a hell of an energy level on your way out the door and you were like, All, right? Everyone's gonna meet this. Every subsequent person had a completely normal energy level for you and you were just like bled down repeatedly as you encountered these normies. No, she was lovely. I I can't fault her ever. She was very nice. I Give you a point for the, the meme where the guy is like the two buttons and he is like sweating and rubbing his forehead and the buttons are be late or speed and then the next frame is you going two miles over the speed limit. I know I can't speed, I I can't do it. Yeah, it's not a bad thing. It's just really funny. It's sometimes I'm going 70 and you know a truck pulls up so I'm like All right.


I'm gonna pass him and then I see people getting behind me. I'm like oh shit I better go 71 and a half. So yeah, I don't know what it is. I just can't do it. I can't speed. Hey nothing, nothing wrong with following the law man. Like a nerd. Anyway, now I'm here. That was, that was literally like an hour before recording or a few hours those this morning. Fun. Yeah because I texted the our group chat and I was like hey we go in today and you were like back from the airport very soon You texted. Yeah he texted. We texted comrade. Oh yeah, no I do see that. I thought Mark initiated those texts. I didn't realize that weight. I'm super responsible. All. right. That's all I got.


Great Small talk boys. Great small talk. I feel like those were two very different kinds of small talk that we just went Through. Yeah. Mark's got points for a few different things here. And Bob, your points are all either toilet or PP related. That sounds Right. Today's episode, I don't know if it'll be a long one, a short one. I don't know how long this is gonna go 'cause we haven't really done this. I've had this one on the list for a while. You guys remember the old like I don't, I I think you must have done this in school. I did this in school where the teacher had a book of Mad Libs. Remember Mad Libs? You did those in school. We did a couple not it was like fun days or like you know We learned stuff in our school.


We had mad lib either days or at least we would do like a couple of them here and there. We had mad Lib month. You Know remember in fifth grade our teacher read the first Harry Potter book to us at one point during class. So like it Better have been English. I don't remember fifth grade man that was 300 years ago. Wait, did they even have English that early or do they have subjects that early? No we didn't have English back then. Just ask Question. You meant you know you met English class from the moment you said it better have been English. I was like who's learning Spanish in fifth grade? Why would the book not be in English? What happened to you guys in fifth grade? Well We had arts and crafts reading time, nap time and that was it. And English, Harry Potter In Spanish.


I got to watch Lion King four different times throughout the years. 'cause every Spanish teacher was like, you know what we should watch Lion King in Spanish. That's Weirdly specific and consistent. I wonder If they only had one movie that was like a kid's movie That was our learning ability. That's the one that the entire school district owned and they all just took turns Like I'm gonna teach my kids Lion King in Spanish. Aren't you teaching Spanish six? It's Not a bad way to learn. 'cause like if you consume the same piece of media over and over, you do like really understand that media. It's not all of it. But there's a guy who learned Spanish by watching Shrek over and over. I think they watched Shrek a hundred times. He didn't like Shrek but it was the only one that had like a, it was either learning Spanish or English but he Speaks Spanish with a Scottish, a bad Scottish accent like Mike Meyers does for Shrek.


Yeah, probably. I don't know how, I don't know what the Spanish speaker did. But yeah it was effective. He learned pretty much everything could recite the whole movie and and would know exactly what was happening as I was being said. And it's like understanding was very there but because the only person whos watched Shrek that much is my mother. She loves the Shrek movies or did she was playing it always on loop. And so maybe she was doing the same thing. Learning. Another weird thing I learned in Spanish or other languages in general. I guess whenever you have rhymes like Green Eggs and Ham, it's not Sam. I am it's Juan Ramon. No, Juan Ramon Los Vermon Green Eggs and Ham is Juan Ramon instead of Sam. I am. That's actually impressive. I'm, I'm shocked you remember that Stuck with me 'cause I was like that's not Sam.


I is Juan Ramon Sam, I am in Spanish. And I was like I don't don't think so I don't think that's how that works. I think it's just Juan Ramon. It's just the name. Anyway, we're gonna mad lib it up. So I've written out my own sentence paragraphs here. Hopefully it works and it's good for Mad Libon. If it's not then well I found these online. It's not my fault. I have to say the one thing that's really going through my mind right now is the way Mad Libs generally work is you're gonna ask us for different categories of words by just praying to God that I don't give you the wrong kind of word in the wrong category. 'cause that's just going to be a scathing review of how stupid I am in English. So I I, I'm not gonna lie, I had to look up some stuff to remember because there's what I've got on here.


I've got verbs, nouns, adjectives. Occasionally a creature slash animal. A proper noun. Did I say ad verb already? Locations stinky. But like I was trying to remember, I was like what kind of words are ad verbs? I know that they describe a verb but like what kind of words are examples of like I had to go through and like relearn some of this stuff. so I always dread the past particip slot in Mad Libs gets me every time. I think I dodged that one for us. Thank you. We don't have to worry about conjunction junction. What's our function? Are there any plu, perfect subjunctive cases? Not specifically that you guys have to give me. Do You know what a plu perfect function is?


What did you say? I plu. Perfect subjunctive. Mark, what were you learning in second grade? You can have been having had to suck it if you don't know what a plu perfect subjunctive is. Look, fifth grade a breeze, second grade, they nailed this with all this heavy English stuff. Yeah, like Harry Potter and the like. That was fifth grade, second grade tale of two cities. My, my first, second, and third grade experiences in a school called Calvary Christian Academy. And the only thing I remember learning there is the Bible and also math. That's it. I don't remember anything else. We took math quizzes, like just nonstop math speed quizzes. And I just always wanted to win.


Most of the time I did 'cause there were like three of us. Can I just say I've had this in my head for a long time and what you said just brought this to the forefront. It's only kind of related to what you actually said. Calvary and Cavalry. I, there are a lot of like churches and Christian schools that are called like, like what you said, it's like Calver, Cal Calvary Elementary School, Calvary Christian Academy. And I was always like, what does horse mounted soldiers, why are there so many soldiers on horseback in these churches in school? I just Googled it and I, is it embarrassing that I didn't know the difference between cavalry and calvary? I didn't either, to be honest with you. No, really?


I always thought cavalry was like one of those weird like English spellings. Like, like how colonel is is spelled colonial but like Yeah, no, apparently that's, those are different things. And cavalry and calvary, I believe it's the name of the, the hill that the crucifixion took place on. Is that it? As far as I've Googled, that is correct. See that education paid off. What a happy memory to name something after. Well just wait till you hear about the rest of the religion man. Heck gets nuts. Oh boy. Can't wait to learn about the Easter bunny. Oh yeah boy this works. I'm gonna give you both just like one on your own to start. And I have an option for you. Do you guys wanna work together on these And like I'll one of, you'll give me a noun and the next will give like the next thing.


So on and so forth. Or do you want this to be like one paragraph for each of you? Because I can go either way. Competitive, who's better or is it all for the same Mad lib? That's the question that I'm asking. I've got multiple mad Libs. No, we Might as well work together and then we'll get point for the, which one makes us laugh after we read it all. That's Fair. Sure. All. right? So I'm gonna do two that are just individual first 'cause they're just small examples. There's only two things that you give anyway. And then we will go back and forth to the other one. So Mark, I'll start with you for this one. I need a verb from you. What tense? A verb. I will adjust tense to make it make sense. So you can just give me a verb and I'll Spray. Spray. Ooh, I need a noun from you. From me. Yep. I thought We were, this is just for, this is just the practice one.


This. I've got one for Bob. This is just the practice. Then we'll do a whole one. Okay. A noun you say? Yep. For the listeners. He's looking frantically around his office. Person, place or thing. I know a nun is bus Boss. I'm gonna assume you just have a hose in your hand. Here's the practice sentence. Mark was determined he was going to spray the bus no matter what. I don't know if I like that. There's A lot of context in which that could make sense. Yeah. I was just on a bus this Morning. He could be cleaning the bus. He could be peeing on the bus. Yeah. I'm gonna cut this bus in half. He could be tagging the bus with graffiti.


There's all kinds of things he could be doing to that bus All. Right? Well that's, that's your practice Bob, your practice. I also need a verb from you. Bounce And a noun. I guess I wasn't too creative on the practice ones. Crate Bob knew better than to bounce the crate, but he did it anyway. That's just how life is sometimes. Hey, you see practice. That's a warmup. That's how it's gonna work. It's gonna be just that funny the entire time. Get ready. I listen. I'm not a mad lib expert. I wrote these and I was like, I think these will work. Ha ha. Oh you chuckle fucks out there. Pull over. You're about to lose everything. This is like that other episode where Mark said it. You're gonna shit. You better get on the toilet, right? Right past except For being scary.


It's so funny. You'll die. This episode will either be called the funniest episode of Distractible Ever or the biggest flop on Distractible ever. No. If it's, if it turns out poorly, I already have the name and I'm really excited about it. If it sucks, we call it Bad libs, Right? Yeah. Then people will think we're, we're being real political. They'll Get a lot of controversy. Really crank up the numbers on this one. That's Okay. The next episode we'll call bad pubs and then they'll think, ah, okay. They're balancing it out. Can pub, No, I can see what you're going for. That just doesn't. I have a feeling I already know which title we're gonna go with today. Okay, which one of you wants to go first? Now you're gonna be going back and forth, but which one wants to gimme a word first?


I'll go first. Me. Okay. Mark was faster. Therefore Bob, you get to go first. All right Bob, I need an adjective. Oh, sharp Mark. I need a noun. Tongue. Bob. I need a creature or animal. Liger. Mark. I need a verb. Sour. No verb. I know words. Guys look Sour can be a verb. Listen, don't write yourself off. Oh Yeah, yeah. Too sour. Yeah sour. You can sour on something. You can, you can sour. I go sour Bob. I need a noun. Shoe mark. I need another noun. Cloud. Why? What? Just you sound so distressed. You just sound really concerned about it.


Cloud. I know. I'm real relaxed guys. I'm real relaxed. Bob, I need a verb. Drive Mark. Adjective Sour. I know that. Bob. A noun. Sour. A sour. No, that's not a thing. Pineapple. Okay, Couple of these. I went with a nice like spooky theme 'cause you know it's just, Halloween just happened as of the airing of this episode not too long ago. And I was like, man, it'd be fun to have like some remnants of some scary stories. You Didn't say that. You could have said that beforehand. We would've gotten you the scariest thing. No, I don't wanna influence it prior, but this is one of them. So let's tell this scary story. Walking down the sharp halls, mark knew he was in trouble quickly.


He drew his tongue and prepared for the fight of his life. Before him was a lager. In order to defeat this opponent, mark would've to be on his A game. He soured and swung his shoe with all his might, but his opponent used his cloud to pair. He quickly Mark drove with his sour pineapple and his opponent was no more. He didn't tell us it would be spooky. We can make this scary. We did it before. They all aren't. That one was. Well they all will be now. They all will be. Yeah. If anyone knows scary it's us. I can just feel the energy of this. Just a hundred percent hidden. If Anyone has watched the two sentence horror stories, they know what they're about to be in for. Bob gave me pineapple, so it's mark's. Turn mark.


I need an adjective. Scary. Thank you man. You are welcome friend. Bob. A verb. Murder Mark. I need a noun. Ectoplasm. Oh Snap Bob. I need a plural. Noun, Chainsaws. Mark. I need a verb. Scary what? They can be Repeats. I think you mean scare, but yes. It's a Verb, not an adjective this time. Oh No, I don't mean scare. I know what words are and what they are. Yeah. Stop saying. I don't. Oh, the rumor to end right now. What would you want to get? A verb. A verb.


A spray. Bob. I Need an adjective. Scary. Alright man. I love the Scary repeat. It's a Scary story. Mark. I need an adjective. Scary Bob. I need a noun. The moon. Moon, I guess. No, I gotta keep the, The moon. If it works, put the in there. It doesn't work. It's Fine. Okay, mark, I need a verb. Verbs are action words. We do verbs Scare, Right? Okay man, I'm sensing a theme here, Bob. I need a location. Ah man. Pick Right behind you. All, Right? I'll use marks, but I get the point for it.


Right behind you. There you go. No, that's a good one. That's mine. I thought of that. This Feels like a tale all of a sudden told by a like elementary school student with the scary, scary, scary, scared. But you know, let's go with it. Descending the scary staircase. Bob. New time was of the essence. He murdered his ectoplasm knowing it would aid him in consuming darkness. In the distance he heard a noise that sounded like chainsaws, but it couldn't be knocked down here. Bob sprayed It Was his only chance. Fasting through scary rooms, Bob pressed onward. Everybody, he could only describe as scary. Moon.


He Scared toward it as fast as he could. Finally finding himself right behind you. Oh, God gave me chills. I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight, dude. The way you sprayed and murdered your ectoplasm. Oh, cripes. Okay. I want an AI to read that and someone on TikTok to fill the gaps with like random stock footage. That'd be really, that's really what gonna amp that story up. It's, It's already out there. Just given some points here while I remember. So that you guys don't let all your points for, I don't want that happen. You know? Oh yeah. Good points For, yeah. How'd you know my voice? Because I'm just that marked. That was a tough laugh. I need to settle down. How many, how many audience members did we lose on that one? I don't know.


It's a good number. That definitely just shit their cars and then flipped over into a ditch and exploded in a car accident. It's happening. You've been warned. People wonder Why I always am like, editors blow me up. It's because of the SpongeBob moments when Squidward rolls down a hill. And please, Ah Man. That's just my humor. So funny to me. Dude, you fuck. Can I just say you Mark, you suck. What Did I do? What the fuck now here. No, listen, the edutainment episode that we did with that goddamn chess song. Oh, I see. Yeah, I looked it up and now I found that account and I watched a bunch of those now. But also the very evil opening song.


It's been stuck in my head for like a week and a half. I didn't want to, I like, I didn't want to do it too bad. But did you see the Halloween one? Yes. Yeah, that one's pretty good too. You're not gonna sing along with me then. I'm I'm just gonna stop. I'm trying to get it out of my life and it's singing. It doesn't help. I tried that. Well now you know the Stafford Gambit and if I ever play chess, I'll just yell Stafford Gambit the whole time while I lose. If I was gonna read your moves. 'cause you're gonna just be bumping. That's the thing though, is I don't, I don't remember the chess bar to be like, we're evil open and then move a random piece and the my opponent is like, what the fuck Checkmate you lose.


Like what the No, it's gonna throw him off. 'cause he is like, ah, he's gonna do the Stafford Gambit and then you start playing random moves. He is like, oh, he is a genius. Bobby Fisher. Mark, I believe you're up first this time. I was up first last time Because Bob took right behind you. Is that right? That is true. Mark. I need a creature or animal, An sheha. Oh, bless you. What The anat. Aha. Let me make sure I'm pronouncing that right. Aha. I Got so close to that. are you kidding me? I was two letters off from guessing how that was Spelled Anon to sheha. What is That? Oh, you don't know about anon to sheha. Gotta Be from a game. 'cause that's not a real Thing. No, no. You don't know about anon to sheha.


Wink. Oh Bob, I need a location Inside. That counts, right? That's that's a place. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Mark a verb Action word mark. We do verbs. We do them Explode. I don't know where I get my ideas from. I just, Bob, I need a verb. Frighten Mark. I need another verb. Froth. Ooh Bob, I need a plural. Noun. Toilets. Mark. I need a verb. Spill Mark's in a very liquid state of mind right now. Well if you knew Bob, I need a verb. Lubricate mark. I need an ad verb.


What's that? It's like an adjective but it's for the verb instead of the noun. They Usually end in ly. Oh Right. You're right. Scarily. Bob. I need an emotion. Schaden. Freuder. That's a good one. Oh yeah, yeah. It's a complex one. All, Right? Here we go. Oh, Distractible audience. Mark knows all about you. Browsing on his phone. One day Mark found a post that made him shiver. A viewer had seen an an, An Inside that could explode. Knowing that it was his best chance to promote the the podcast. Mark frightened to the place as fast as he could to froth the anesthesia, making sure to film the whole thing.


When he got there, he found only toilets. But Mark was unfazed. He spilled as much as he could and went straight to the supper to post his video. Seeing Mark ation the audience lubricated, scarily helping markfield Sean and Freud like he always wanted. That is, that is. I thought OnlyFans was gonna be the deepest you went for promoting stuff. But man, I yearn for the day. You guys are are willing to go. As far as me. Schaden Freud is pleasure derived by someone from another person's misfortune. Well They're the ones who lubricated at all your spilling Mark.


It was all about you audience. That's great. Bob, you gave me a shot in Freuder, right? Does that mean Mark? You're up first again. Oh, big surprise. It's really affecting the score Here. Let me guess. You want a verb from Mark? I don't. I want a noun gun. Geez. Gone Bob. I need a verb. Throw Mark. I need an adjective. Deadly. No, that's never dead. Bob, I need a noun Podcast. Mark. I need an ad verb. Give him the tough ones. Tantalizingly Bob, A noun Drink coaster Adjective for mark. Lethal Bob. A verb Polish Mark a location.


Purgatory. Bob. A verb Berate Mark a noun Gun. And Bob, one more verb. Mislead All, right cars. Bob had been all about his passion for cars, but now he has a new love gun. People pass by in Drove to see Bob throwing away on his new dead podcast as tantalizingly as he can. His dedication is inspiring. Lately, Bob has been experimenting by using drink coasters and the more lethal they are, the better. If you don't enjoy the view of seeing Bob Polish, head on down to purgatory anytime day or night. And you're sure to see him doing what he loves.


Rumor has it that he will berate a gun next. But who knows? Don't miss out. And when you see him tell Bob he misled like nobody you've ever seen. That's my bob. That's our bob. Misleading. Like no one's ever seen before. Man, that sounds Like what I do. I Wanna see you berate a gun. I can Be very derisive For the next one. Give us a theme. We'll stick to that theme. I Don't know if I wanna do that. Okay, nevermind. I have dumb ideas. If You establish a theme, I will stick to it, mark, because I assume you get to go first and you pick all the verbs. All of these I had originally just had gonna have you guys do. 1, 1, 1, 1.


This was the one I was gonna have you both work together on. So I'm curious how it's gonna go. That's all I'm giving you per usual. Mark goes first. I'm ready. Shocker Mark. I need an adjective. Vivacious. I spelled that one right Bob, I need an ad verb. Sumptuously. Oh Well Mark, I need a verb. Tantalizing. Is That a verb? Tantalize is a verb you can tantalize. Oh wait, No it's wait. Verb or adjective. Which one did you say? Verb. But that that works. You're not tantalizing Lee. You're just tantalizing Tantalize. Sorry man. I get verbs and adjectives mixed up so much. I don't know if that has to do with my Korean learning because verbs and adjectives in Korean are the same thing.


And it's hard to explain. But they are. I need another verb from you. Bob. Sauce. Good sauce. Something I sauce. I sauce the halibut before I serve it to Gordon Ramsey. No, you're right Mark. Adjective. Adjective. It's a descriptive word. Sopping. Oh man, Bob. Another verb. Dribble. Mark. A noun Hole Bob. Another verb Smack. Mark a verb. Undulate. Bob. A location. The Bedroom. Mark an ad verb. Tumultuous man. Mark's theme is syllables. I'm trying hard. I wanna win. Bob a verb.


Gesticulate Mark. Another ad verb. Pathetically. Oh Bob, a location. The other bedroom. Mark a proper noun. God, Bob. A location. The other, other bedroom. No, no, no, no, no, no. The den that we call a bedroom. That's technically noted. Enclosed space Where the day bed is. Yeah, obviously it's for guests. All of that is my thing. Mark. I had a noun book. All, right. Here we go. It is A long one. I can't wait for it. It's gonna be good. Here's the thing, Wade needs to know. He's vivacious. It's time for too long.


Have people sumptuously tantalized without telling the man it's time to sauce. And don't get me wrong, Wade is sopping but his 12 need to be pointed out. Just the other day he was dribbling a hole when all of a sudden he seemed to lose his mind and smack nonstop. Most people who undulate around the bedroom do it tumultuous but not wade. No. He has to gesticulate pathetically all the way to the other bedroom for no regard for anyone. I'm sorry to be the one to share this, but it had to be said. Why couldn't he be more like God? Oh, well maybe next time they'll just leave him at the den. We call a bedroom.


That's technically not an enclosed space so we don't have to worry about buckets. I Didn't know this was gonna be your intervention weight. I didn't know that. We, we need to have this meeting. I just Need to go to the den that we call a bedroom. That's technically not an enclosed space. I hope someday somebody says that. Obviously I'm sopping God damn Dude, I just wanted to dribble the hole and y'all had to get involved. Look, I feel you just not in the bedroom or the other bedroom man. Just anywhere. But that pen house won't be the same if you do that. You Know It could have been. It could have been. Why couldn't you be more like God All? right. Let me add some more points over here. I'm gonna go back through. He's fixing the score. He is changing it.


I'm just gonna stare at you while you do math. I marked things on the sheet that I wanted to put points on here for. So I'm just marking them down. What the fuck? That whole time, huh? I'm really going through here on my points, man. He's fixing it. He's changing it. I was just trying to work out how to look more sopping. I don't think that's working. Bob. I, I don't know. I I don't know what that look is. I think it's, you know, you, you ever see a guy and you're just like, that guy looks Wet. I, yeah, actually, but I don't know how to accomplish that. Look how Complex is the math he's doing? I, I have to write the words that you guys got points for. You guys did not pick small syllable words.


Man, I thought you were writing 'em down as you Did it. Maybe he's not stopping. I don't wanna write down the, we call a bedroom. It's technically not an enclosed space. You have to write the whole thing. Maybe I Just won't get a point for that one. Yeah, that sounds that's how you actually, you know what? Yeah, yeah. He you should do That. You could. You could just write the acronym for it to Dead to Dan. Editor editors blow me up. I like how we literally just blew through Anisha and I know further anything on that one. Ah, NHA. There's many names for the world serpent, but I have read about a lot from SAP 3000, which is a great SAP entry.


My pen is dying at the worst time. How Much are you writing? A lot, man. How many pens Are you clear? You already wrote 'em before. Why don't you just like initial our names by the word you already Wrote. I typed them before. I didn't write 'em before. That's true. You need a written record. Yeah, you need a written, that's the bylaws. That's the bylaws. I hope it does all this. And at the end he is like, and Mark, you have four points. All, Right here we go. Well done. I hope it was fun. Hopefully you all enjoyed watching, listening. Hopefully you guys had fun playing. I'm gonna go through the points here. Bob. I'm gonna go through your points first. Oh Bob, you got points four toilet tall dicks more pp explain murdered ecto, scary moon, lubricate dead podcast drink coaster, berate, sumptuous sauce.


But look smack, maybe smack smack was one bedroom bedrooms and more bedrooms then we call a bedroom. It's technically not an enclosed space, but I did what you said and I wrote a little acronym but my pen was dying so it's hard to tell us what it says. Mark, you got points for being on the edge of sleep today. Thanks Buddy. Vindictive red lights, book bag, two button, meme for speed, sour and cloud and on to sheshe, scarily, froth, gun purgatory, sopping, vivacious I think, and God I Get the God point. Ah, Bob, you finished with 15? No, that's more than I would've guessed.


That's a lot Mark. I'm probably not that much. Mark you had 14. It was really the, the bedrooms at the end. Just bedroom, bedroom, bedroom. And then the den that that finished it off And. it might've given more points to one of you or two of you. But I ran out of time 'cause I felt like I was taking too long as it was. So. Hmm. That's where it ends. Bob, you're today's winner. Yeah, you're a mad libber. That's what they call me. You Want to give a winner speech? Sure, sure. Mark thinks he's cool with his beanbag thing two can play at that game. Yeah. Mine's. Oh my god, you have a hard plastic wrist rest. I mean it's, it's like gel. This is why it's important that I won because look at who's in charge of us.


Look at the wrist rest he uses on his desk. Look at his life. Look, I replaced my wrist rest. So this is my new one. Right. And I just want you to note the color. It's darker. It's from all my sweat. You okay there? There's a little bit of a, there's a, there's a, that's Frank's red hot. Not stand on. You literally put that shit on everything. Amy hates it when I, I leave like, 'cause I'll dip my cheese in it. It's not a metaphor. Literal. And then I'll, you know, set the, the cup on the counter. And it dries, And it, it forms this really, really, really interesting crackle pattern that is really difficult to wash out. So it is, I do, I do do my own dishes.


I want everyone to know. But you know, sometimes I'm, I'm busy and I, I, you know, I, this isn't my loser speech. This would be a hell of a loser speech Bob. Great winner speech. Anyway, it feels good. And Mark's life is covered in dots of red hot because that's just to kind of a loser. He is. I don't have any Frank's red hot spilled on any of my stuff. Yeah, I don't. I'm just checked. That's it. That's my winner Speech Mark Loser speech. I was robbed and I think if we look carefully over the points and the words allocated, it was unfair from the start. I was set up to lose. I will chase down anyone who this supported my opponent and I will show them true terror.


Stern, but fair. I like it. All. right. Well congrats on the win Bob. Thank you both for participating. You Good? I'm great. State tuned for the next one. Bob will host Mark and I will be free to not have to worry about the responsibility of being creative, at least until the episode starts. It'll be great. Follow us, our respective channels. Market. Market player Bob Meiser, me at minion. Seven. Seven dinner. Lord Minion. Seven. Seven seven. We have merch Distractible store.com, the all the next one. If there is one, If Podcast out, What do you mean? Well, I would.