
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like, All my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know, when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. I dunno. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. Na. Pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola Creations. What happens when the best drink in the best cookie in the world get together? The best become besties. Let's taste the new Coca-Cola Oreos, your sugar limited edition. Mark, are you, do you have yours? are you excited? They sent us these special and then we're gonna, we're gonna try 'em. I've Been in an undisclosed location, kind of in a ducks to Be you. Cheers, Bob. Yeah, I actually haven't had like a tasty treat in a while. It's been, Ooh. It's like if Oreos was a drink, honestly, It's kind of an unexpected flavor, but it's almost like, kind of like the icing of an Oreo. What do you think Mark Editors put in the sound of me gluing. It's great guys. So good. Try the new Coca-Cola Oreo zero sugar limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company, copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola Creations. I love Coca-Cola and I have had coke in my life or my entire life. You love coke. I love Oreos. Oreos are delicious. Coke is delicious. What happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best become besties. Try the new Coca-Cola Oreo zero sugar limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. Copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Stratum. This episode Mini Moon Mark makes his manly mates minimize the mundane to the moronic waffling. Wade has oral bleeding mistakes to brief espouses spousal culinary capabilities, and Picard's pantry baking Barb nails as nachos goes full. Emmett Brown shows Schrodinger strudel and sees the light of the emperor from Ju Luna to Cave Bob. Yeah, it's time for Get More Stupider, part two. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello, welcome to Distractible. This is the podcast you are looking for. I am your host Markly, and I'm joined today as always and forever will be Bob and Wade. Say hi boys. Forever. Did we, is that what the Contract? Forever. Forever. We paid a lot of money to get you to come back after you quit last episode. Oh, I forgot about that. I am outta here. Nope, Nope, nope. I'll see you nerds. Never. You gotta give the peace sign if you want the editors to make you disappear. Nah, I don't want that All. right. I'll do it. There he goes. Just kidding. And he is back.


All, right? So if you don't know what this podcast is all about, neither do we because it changes every week. And you can't really bet on anything being consistent here because everything is inconsistent. Every everything in. Always. Bob, you All, right? Yeah, I'm fine. Editors don't zoom in on his camera right now. It's not, it's not important. I'm fine if you're listening to this. It is available with video on Spotify, but you do whatever you want to because this episode is all about the imagination as is most episodes. I I suppose it's not really about the imagination. It's about using your brain to conjure up things that matter and don't matter, and helping everyone to understand things. Does that make sense? No. You seem to have ripped a page out of your notebook. Look, it's not even a notebook.


It's a watercoloring thing. I've decided if when we ever end the podcast, I'm selling my notebook with all my notes for billions of dollars. Some collector out there is gonna want these horrible notes with grease stains on some of the pages. That's, that's really good for you. I want you guys to take note of something. There's a name I wrote first here. Now usually I do Bob and Wade, but you know, I'm just saying, just wanted to call that out about Time. You realized I deserve to be written first. Wait, does that mean I lose? No, no. It has to be read first for it to be a lose. But before we get into the main brunt of the episode of which we have so much to cover, how are you guys? I'm sure so many new things have happened since last time. I've Been saving a small talk for this moment.


Bob, do you want to go first? Do you want me to share my small talk First? Oh, go ahead. I'm excited to hear it. Mark, You better be on the Reddit looking at pictures, man. Because Earth now has two moons. Oh, I did hear about this. Yeah. What Happened? There's an asteroid that's gonna be going around the earth for a couple of weeks or something that's making it earth's second moon temporarily. What? I'm gonna Google Earth's second moon and if nothing comes up, I'm gonna be very disappointed. That's right. Yeah. It isn't something large enough that you can look in the sky and go, oh, Flies size of a two bus. Oh, size of a school bus is what I tried to say. But all I could get was sky Size of a tuba.


Is is, is what I'm hearing. That's Not a very big size for something to be a moon. Apparently it's considered a moon by at least some. Yeah. And Pluto's not considered a planet, but that bus size piece of rock is considered a moon. Yeah, right. I don't know what the prerequisites are to become a moon. Is, is the Definition that it's a moon or is it a temporary satellite? It to, shit, I don't know. I everyone's been calling it a moon Because like a satellite is actually not just like a mechanical technological satellite. A satellite is, I, I think a general definition for things that orbit. Orbit around planetary bodies. You know what I mean? Celestial visitor has been dubbed a mini moon by nasa. I feel like mini moon isn't a term. I feel like that's not a Thing.


I said the same thing about honeymoon and boy did that get me in hot water. Thanks. Standup comedian from the 1950s. Eh, the Mrs didn't care for that at all. Not one bit. I'm so bitter about Pluto, but whatever. Yeah. I am too. Pluto's a planet. Why are you so Attached to Pluto? I just Love Pluto. I mean, maybe it's like, it's not, you know, it's a dwarf planet. I get that. But it's also like, man, Pluto punches way above its weight. You see it's moon like it, the ratio of Pluto to its moon is like earth has a crazy ratio of planet to Moon Pluto's is even crazier. Charron, Caron, Charron. Karen, Sharon, Karen, Sharon, Sharon, Sharon.


Ah, the Aussie system Is, is huge for the, you know, comparative to the size of it. It's very large. It's Nachos are okay. But my very earnest mother just served us nine pizzas was so much better. What? Mercury? Venus Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto. Oh, I feel like nachos are superior to pizza. I'm gonna put that into the universe. Nacho. Even the lowest form of Nacho, which is slightly warmed, crappy chips at a ballpark with yellow goop dispensed from a goop dispenser. It's pretty damn good. The lowest form of pizza is disgusting, But the highest form of pizza definitely exceeds the highest form of nacho. I don't know the highest form of nachos. Could be pizza. Nachos is all things to all people.


Oh God. Is it cannolis all over again? Anything that's on anything is a nacho. I had while I was in Texas, you know, I was pretty out there. So Texas, Austin usually has great food scene, but I was in a bit of a food desert. so I ordered, there's a sushi place, but I didn't trust the sushi at a sushi place that was quite a few miles out from the city and from the nearest body of oceanic water. We Have sushi in Ohio. We have oceans all over the place. Well, at least there's a river. You can kind of like assume that maybe it boated up here or swam Fresh lobster. I guess those are alive sometimes. Yeah, just, I know that you can ship fish anywhere on ice and it's fine. But I ordered ramen from this place 'cause I was like, I'm tired of Taco Bell and McDonald's late at night.


Let me try this. Ramen. I I could use that. It says his broth was like 16 hours. It was boiled. Oh, that sounds good. I have never had worse ramen. Oh no. I cannot explain how bad this ramen was. The soup was just watered down miso. Like, not even miso watered down miso like slightly cloudy. A few parti. I hope it was watered down miso. It was actually just still water that they heated up after They're done washing their hands in the basin and adding the flavor. They put the noodles In. Yeah. Speaking of the noodles, I, I like instant ramen packets are better noodles.


They're actually not bad, but it's like when you go to a ramen place, you expect like nice chewy noodles. Good taste, good flavor, good bite. This was like someone boiled the packaging. You know the, the, the styrofoam packaging. They ah, don't, they extruded it into strips of raw and they boiled that. And that's what I was eating. Styrofoam noodles in my mouth. Dude, Squeak, squeak, squeak All the way down. Fuck You, Fuck you. Well it's taking his headphones off every time he hears about styrofoam. But then I went to the chicken, right? The chicken. It was both the toughest and the most rubber. It was hard to bite into. And when you got into it, your teeth bounced back out of it.


It was, it was, I I can't explain how bad it was from top to bottom. Every part of this ramen was inexcusably bad. Like I got pranked. There's no way. This was actually like a Mexican restaurant and they were just panicking. 'cause they were like, how the shit, did someone order ramen from our restaurant? How did the app mess up And? it just like, ugh. God. It was not that Mexican food is bad. I'm just trying to make an analogy. They wouldn't have necessary ingredients to make ramen. That would be very Good. They made the broth out of liquified salsa and that probably would've been better. That would've been better If it was a Mexican restaurant. The chicken would've at least been good. Any halfway decent Mexican place. The chicken is always trustworthy.


It, it was a ghost kitchen ran by someone who lives in an alley next to a dumpster. And that's where he pulls all of his ingredients from. It's A ghost kitchen run out of an Applebee's. All the ingredients were harvested from unwanted Applebee's dishes. That's Those terrible. Who was gave a small talk. I mentioned the moon. Probably me. Definitely Bob. Okay, you get the small talk point. What Was your small talk Bob? What, what caught Us there? Ah, it was really small And. it led to Mark talking about ramen. Damn. Well done. Nailed it. Does Our moon have a Name? Moon Luna? Isn't that what the moon in Kerl is called? Probably. No, it's called mu. Oh, That's right.


Mu the, the mu. What is moon name? Name of earth's? Moon is the moon. Oh, with a capital he. Oh, Okay. Luna is a Latin name for the moon, which was used for a, a stretch of time in parts of the world. Also. Celine man, Armani and Cynthia. Oh. Oh, that's nice. Mama Cita. They officially canceled Kbl two because its development was just such a nightmare. And, it wasn't working out. I heard About that and I find that hard to believe. It's, I heard there was some serious turmoil inside the company or because management was trying to make the game be things or I don't know, it was terribly mismanaged or something.


But how could KK ball space program, it's not like AAA dominate the market kind of game, but it was such a cult success. I can't imagine how they fumbled kble too. Like that was gonna be a huge Title. It, it doesn't make any sense because maybe they even did this. But wouldn't the natural conclusion be if you're that company, you hire the people making all the mods for Kbo. 'cause there was some incredibly good mods. And so you hire those people. 'cause clearly they're passionate about it and you use whatever they were doing. I, I get that they probably wanted to build the whole system from the ground up. 'cause the physics kind of broke a lot, so they probably had to do a whole redesign of the entire system. But even then, it's like at worst, at worst you just make the same but with more.


And they were like, I get it going. Wanting to go intergalactic with Kal too. It's like, well, well how about just galactic? You know? And it's just very, very interesting. Anyway, sad stuff. Can I share a random tidbit? This is kind of gross, I guess maybe. Ew, I had a physical yesterday at the end of my physical doctor. Like always, you know, they look in your ears and eyes and everything. So a genetic trait my family has, which is a really terrible trait that I wish I didn't have, was a lot of ear wax buildup. So like, oftentimes they know my physical, they'll go through and they'll like scrape or like use water, clean out my ears. They're like, oh, you have a 70% blockage, let's clean that out. so I had that done. 70% It, I get pr, I I can never hear anything. I wonder why.


But they like scraped out my ears yesterday and I don't know what they did in my right ear. They hit one something at one point that kind of hurt pretty bad. And now my right ear just keeps filling up with like rust colored fluid and I can feel it like swooshing around. so I think something's wrong with my ear. Go to go back. I probably should. Rust Colored fluid. are you sure that's not blood? I think there's blood in my ear. Yeah, there is blood. Go back. What are they gonna do? I don't know. Fix it. There's No bandaid for the inside of your ear, but like I think there's blood in my right ear right now because I feel it kinda moving around. We going the doctor Now We're doing something. I'll do it later. You will not. I slept on it last night and I'm alive. How much blood was on your pillow? None. What color is your pillow?


Hold on. What color is your pillow? Rust. You're gonna be honest. Waking up today and having and coming down to record. I might not have looked at my pillow. I don't, I didn't notice a big, like blood splatter. Well, if you didn't look at it, it'd be hard to see. Anyway. I'm fine, but just like, I don't know. It's annoying. It's annoying having this wet feeling in my ear. Like having a wet willie while recording. Yeah, It doesn't sound great. That sounds like a thing maybe to follow up on with a doctor of some sort. Yeah, I was like, I don't know, maybe it just needs to heal up after. Maybe they scrape something like there's no arteries in my ear so it shouldn't It'll stop once all the juice is out there. Yeah, once it's done juice, then I figure it'll probably be fine. Also, do you actually, like, this is a weird conversation to pursue, but do you actually get like blockage of your ear canals because that's not great.


I have a lot of wax buildup. Yeah, like It, do you not clean them? I don't Know how you clean the inside of your ears, but I, I go in and they, they do it for me. If I'm ever having a day where I feel like it's crazy, like I'd just come in. We'll do it for you. I know you're not supposed To. Yeah, people say that you're not supposed to, but I feel like unless you're a ham-fisted moron, it's fairly easy to clean your ears relatively effectively with a Q-tip. I do try to clean them. Yeah, but I can't. I have it. It just, it's so much And. it gets kind of deep in there. They have this like, they have the little ear thing. Like the little look in your ear scope. Yeah. Yeah. And like the little tiny like long skinny baby spoon they scrape the inside of your ear with. That's what they use yesterday. But sometimes they do. I've never in my life had that happen. I've Had a machine, the machine sucked.


It's very loud and just like in your ear. That sounds Terrifying. But I like the water. They, they have like a warm water that they'll like, kind of like netty pot almost into your ear. Then they'll like how many Different ear treatments do you, every single one of these is new to me. You got A lot of ear stuff going on man. I, yeah, I, I've never had the doctor be concerned about my ear wax in my life. I, my dad did. I remember my dad, his way of taking care of it was he would take a newspaper, rip off pieces, roll it up into like pointy bits and just stab it into his ears and pull it out. How is that Better than a Q-tip? I don't know, but that's what he did. I remember him doing it. How you do you like keep your ear wax and make it into candles or what? This is, this is a lot of production you got going on here.


No, but it's, again, I don't wanna gross everyone out watching. But I do have a lot of wax build up and every time I go for a physical at least once or twice a year, I have to have my ears like cleaned out. So Weird. I've never had that. I would never have thought Someone looks in your ear. They're just, it just keeps going. They go to look in there, they're like, can you hear What All? right. Well I'm giving you a pity point for your, your messed up ears. They Just build a lot of wax and apparently now blood in one. That's probably fine. Yeah, don't show. Don't follow up on that. That's probably fine. I Would show you, but I don't wanna gross everyone out and make you all vomit. How Would you show us, how much is there that you could show us? If I take like a, a tissue and I like just kind of dab it in there and turn my head sideways, I don't want to see.


Yeah, I don't, I don't want that Rusty colored. See rust is a weird way to describe it for me, but that's Kind of what it looks Like. Wait, show us your ear juice. Don't show us your ear Juice. Do it. Do It. Don't it, don't it. It'll be wet after we're done. I'll show you. Don't be wet Afterwards. It's, it's been juicy all day. I just haven't mentioned it but it's bothering me enough now. I figured to mention it Anyway. Sorry for oversharing. Okay, well we're gonna move on to the main topic. Unless Bob, you got something else you would like to add to this conversation as a Palate. I've been having this crazy diarrhea guys. Show it. Show it. It's a little rust colored. It's coming out my ears. You know what I mean? No, I don't have any, I don't have any bodily mishaps going on.


I guess I don't have any other small talk to contribute to this type of conversation. House plumbing, body plumbing. They're all gonna get me. Yeah, probably. It's all plumbing is stuff in stuff. It's plumbing. That does make sense. It checks out Water's just red blood or wait, no blood. Nevermind. I said that backwards. Welcome to Get More Stupider part two. We're gonna play a fun game here. A Good segue I had for you. You're welcome. Water's just red blood. You're already understanding how the game's gonna work. We're gonna explain something to you. Well I'm not, but they are. They're gonna explain something and we're all gonna take turns getting more stupider plus bonus.


I still have the exact same wheel that I did before with other categories to get more of. So we're gonna start with stupider, then we're gonna spin the wheel and do whatever the hell that is. I remember some of the things that were on that wheel. I'll give an opportunity. We could take something. We could take something off the wheel if you guys both agree that you don't want to do that. Okay, well we'll see. We'll see if I get it or if Wade gets it. What did we do for This? Well you both will get it. It's just you both get it. And it take turns. Nah, no. We'll see if I get it or if Wade gets it. Hey, For New people that didn't see the last one, do you wanna tell 'em what they had to do? What we had to do to remind them and definitely not me.


Right? So Get, More, Stupider. We did a part one of this as part two. These boys are gonna explain something to you, something general knowledge that most people would know but they're gonna explain it so you can understand it better than the other person's gonna explain it again. But stupider is This all Ed older eh? Yeah, the older one. I recall this at this point, Yes. But we're gonna start with stupider. Okay. So you don't have to worry about anything. You guys know how to be stupider. Ah, well Bob, you didn't get a lot of points in the small talk. I'll give you pity point. You go first on this round, you're going to tell us how to bake a cake. And the first one doesn't have to be stupid at All, Right? No, no, it's, it's actually how to bake a cake.


Okay, well there's a lot of ways to go about it. You could u use your own ingredients and make your, but I prefer to use the mix 'cause the mix is turned out just as good pretty much. They usually take the box with the cake mix in it and it'll say like put a half a cup of canola oil and two eggs in and mix it up. That's probably brownies, but you know what I mean. Whatever the box says, you just do that. You mix it up and you put it in a cake pan. You put the oven on the right temperature, stick it in there, check it with a toothpick. You stick a toothpick in and if it comes out and it's got little crumb stick stuff on it and it's not quite done. But if it comes out and it's clean, then you have cake. You just gotta let it cool off. 'cause if you put icing on a not cool cake, it melts. But if you let it cool, then you could put icing on it.


Or no icing. You don't need icing. But like probably want icing. It's cake. That's nap description. I think that's a good base level to, it's an understanding of the intelligence that we want to start with. I think everyone knows how to bake a cake now. Wade stupider. So you get your half cup butter, you get you two eggs, you get two one fourth teaspoons of vanilla extract. Not one, one fourth, but two one fourths, one three quarter teaspoon of baking powder, half cup milk, so on and so forth. Mix it up. Just make sure you get your measurements right. You don't want to have too many of these three quarters or one quarters. You mix it all up, put it in your baking pan, set your oven to whatever it says to put it at like 300 or whatever.


Put it in there, close it up, set your timer. Wait cake is done. Let it sit. Was that stupider? That was smarter. You gave measurements and a temperature and you said to set a timer and wait for it to ding. What you're missing is a mistake that I had a family member make. They read two, three quarter cups. Instead of saying two and three quarters, they put two three quarter cups. So it was misunderstanding the measurements. It it was, that would be old moist cake. That's true. I guess We had an incident where it was supposed to be a, it was like one and a quarter cups of some, or I don't know. It was like two and a quarter cups of something. He put in like two one quarter cups instead of two and a quarter cups of sugar.


So he made cookies with basically no sugar in them. It was terrible. Ha. Well I think we can roll with this though, since you that was smarter. Bob, please explain how to make a cake smarter. Just because I don't want to disqualify this right off the bat. Is That really smarter? I thought the wrong directions was worse. We Don't know what the base of the right directions were. Yeah, We, we didn't have the context of the printed instructions that you read wrong. I thought you were just saying the measurement's weird. He didn't give any measurement. Bob didn't give any measurements at all. But we're gonna keep rolling with it. Let's get smarter. Okay. Get more smarter. Get more smarter. Well I, if there's one thing I know about being smart, it's that the best way to do that is to work smarter, not harder.


So if you really wanna make, and by make I mean have a perfect cake, what you're gonna wanna do is find your wallet and your car keys, drive over to your best local bakery. Pick up whatever flavor cake you so desire from them. Hey, ask 'em to put happy birthday, whatever. If it's for an event, they'll, they'll put that on there. Make sure you spell it correctly, check that with your smart brain and then bring that cake home and eat it. Work smarter, not harder. I'll accept it I guess. Wait, do you know how to more intelligently cause a cake to appear? I guess that's the premise we're Going with. Yes. So you don't have to accept my answer just to be clear.


I Was, I'm accepting it. I'm accepting it. My cohost here has wasted the time to leave his house to have a cake appear at his door. Have you heard of Uber or DoorDash or GrubHub? So on and so forth. Type cake. Find the one you want. Add to cart, give a tip, click that express delivery to get it there as fast as possible for some extra dollars. Processing order. Order placed, picking up order, order on the way. And the cake is delivered right to your door. No work at all necessary. You can do whatever you want. You can order your food. You obviously are gonna want some dinner later. Might as well have that set up to be delivered on time. No need to leave your house. I'll, I'll accept it. This is somehow getting both smarter and stupider at the same time.


And I kind of like it. It's diverging in both directions. Bob, please smarter. There's gotta be a better way. A wise man once said that a penny saved is a penny earned smart advice. I say. So spending all that money on delivery is a silly goofy way to get a smart cake if you wanna cook a cake smarter. Well, everyone knows that Europeans are smarter than Americans, which means the way you should cook your cake is using Celsius and the metric system. And you should, and you should weigh your ingredients because weighing ingredients for baking is actually much more accurate than volume metric Measuring well flour could have a different moisture content. You don't know if it's, if like, if it's clumped or if it's sifted will change the volumetric.


What you wanna do is you want to get 630 grams of flour, 20 grams of baking soda. You want seven grams of salt, 250 mil of whole milk. You want that fat in there. And then you want two farm fresh room temperature eggs. You wanna make sure you set the oven at 128 degrees centigrade. The smart system, you wanna mix this all up but you don't wanna overmix it. It's over mixing. It's gonna, it's gonna denature some of the proteins in the flour. It's gonna tough up the cake. You want a nice tender smart cake And you put that, what you do is you grease the pan, you put your delicious cake batter into the pan. Oh, I forgot to add you also add cocoa. Obviously a smart person wouldn't recognize that I left that out because you don't need to say it. But you would add approximately 150 milligram grams of cocoa powder to the thing.


And then you mix it up, you put it in your centigrade oven and then you bake it for the correct amount of time. 'cause a smart person knows how long a cake takes and, and then you take it out. And you know what smart people do with the cooling is a rack. Things cool faster on cooling racks. That's why they exist. So you don't just leave the cake in the pan, you get it out and then you run a little knife around the edge and then you set, you dump the cake out carefully onto the cooling rack. Then you have fast cake and faster is smarter. That's very smart, very intelligent. I feel smarter just hearing that. I don't know what the difference between centigrade and Celsius is, but, oh, I'm sorry. I forgot who I was talking to.


I'll try and speak at your level in the next one. Hey watch. Hey watch yourself. Watch yourself Wade. Can you go smarter Scientifically proven. Some dating apps like eHarmony, Europe, mingle, MEIC News, KNUZ in Netherlands. You can really just down to the science meet people that you connect with. And if one of your preferences is finding someone European or elsewhere who knows how to bake, you can meet and date those kind of people online now and then you hit it off because it's scientifically proven that you match better that way. You get together, you get married and you don't have to worry about learning Celsius or the metric system. It will come to you.


And on top of that, you have a brand new spouse in the house along with it. That's my favorite Disney series. The spouse of the house or is that, I guess it's a Dr. Seuss book. Genius. Genius. You make it so you don't even have to make the cake and you get love in your life. What better combination. This is a really smart move. Very intelligent way. Very good Bob. I've got this. There's a smarter way. Alright, There's a smarter way. You are in your garage laboratory and you realize you need some cake but you are too smart to make it or purchase it. So what do you do? You invent the flux capacitor.


You successfully invent the flux capacitor. A piece of technology that no other human has ever been able to even conceive of. You install it into your DeLorean, you hit 88 miles an hour. You go back to the future and when you get back to the future, watch a sporting event that you know the outcome of perhaps the World series. Perhaps an important boxing match. And while the event is going on, you walk up to some schmo and you say, sir, I bet you one chocolate cake that the Yankees lose this game. And you know that they lose this game because you're a genius from the future who in invented time travel. And when that happens, that schmo will bring you a chocolate cake for free where you are and you get to enjoy it without having to lift a finger other than I guess picking up the fork to eat it.


Maybe he'll feed it to you. Maybe that's a prop be who knows. That's feels very smart. I think the flux capacitor, only a smart person could possibly make that genius. Even the Steps to get that cake feel a bit convoluted. But on the way, much like having a brand new wife, you invented time travel. So it's all, it's all good Wade. Is there a smarter way Going back into time while it does work, adds a couple of unnecessary steps. We already know that in Star Trek they've showed us the food replicator. You simply need to invent the food replicator or recreate it 'cause it's already been invented and you just tell it you want cake, it'll pop right out. Simple invention. Really? What?


Yeah, I, I, I think, but it feels not as smart as previous steps. But that does feel smart. Oh no, That's a tough call. Simple Doesn't necessarily mean stupid. You Do cut out a lot of steps. You simplify the process. If your goal is cake, which cake is the goal? I do think I have to say time travel, although very smart is a bit, you know, bit off the topic. I think I gotta call that one a little bit smarter. That's okay. I think I got this. Okay. You are brilliant. Austrian physicist, Irwin Schrodinger into a box on your kitchen counter, you put flour, eggs, milk, oil, cocoa powder sugar. You close the box because of your paradox that you discovered.


That box is both filled with cake and not cake. Which means that by simply being Irwin Schrodinger and having that box, you have cake 'cause of quantum physics. Ah, man. Sch schrodinger's cake. God, I might have to call that. I might have to call that. Wait, unless you think, you Know what, I'll concede that up. Yeah. Bob Schroer's cake. Even if I thought of something smarter, it wouldn't be funnier. Oh man. That's very good.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well you know, Rocket Money will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, We'd started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me there. This is con confusing. Look, Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E-T-M-O-N-E y.com/dst RA CT IBLE Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible.


This episode is brought to you by Coca Cola Creations. You love the taste of Coca-Cola and love the cookie crunch of Oreos. But what happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best becomes besties. Try the new Coca-Cola zero sugar Oreo limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. Copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


So what I have and what you'll see, so there's too many options on here and I realize some of them aren't really what we want. Like yugi grandmaster leaving that in New York. Nah, that ain't it. French. Nah, this ain't about accents. I know that. Same with sports commentator Southern and Patrick Warburton. We don't want that rhyme. Doesn't matter. Nothing. What? Oh, rhyme was gonna be really tough. I thought that one was interesting. All right. Rhymes back in baby. Looks like rhymes back on the menu. Boys All right? Rhyme is what it is. If, if, if by the end of it, every single word doesn't rhyme, I'm going to disqualify you Immediately.


This isn't the topic, this is the, we get more old, more caveman, more Guru. I'm actually taking old out there 'cause we've done it before. So I've got stupid religious secretly a murderer. So War secretly a murderer. This is semantic. Can we change religious to fanatical? Fanatical? Sure. I feel like that's a broader Category. Fanatical secret murder. All. right? Paranoid bro. Guru Yugi o Grand master rhyme and caveman. Did we, did we do caveman? I have a memory of grunting and shouting a lot It devolved.


Okay, this is more specifically caveman. Would you like to know the, what you're going to be explaining first? Sure. So you're gonna be explaining the basics of photosynthesis. Okay. You both know what photosynthesis is, right? It's The powerhouse of the cell. Not Quite slightly Different. It's whenever you have a dark room and well, No, don't explain it now. That's part of the, that's what we gotta do. Oh wait, is this a joke? It Was a joke. Yeah. All, right? Tell the joke. It's When you take like your Polaroids into a dark room so they can develop All right now. Worth it. All, right? We're spinning And You guys are gonna, Ooh. Oh god. Great. Right off the bat, this is the one I was most looking forward to.


You're gonna Be getting more fanatical, formerly religious, but fanatical as you explain. And Bob, you wanna first, so Wade, you're now going and give us a nice baseline to work with Wade of how does photosynthesis work? Just the basics. Well, as all things it works through a little bit of prayer and belief. We look up and we are blessed with rays from above that come down and they hit the greenery on this beautiful planet. As the rays hit the plants, they're filled with God's love and they bloom. I'm gonna pause. I'm so sorry. It has to start with a normal, it has to start normal and then get fanatical. so I love, I love the the ambition, but it, what's A normal fanatical explanation of photosynthesis?


No, not fanatical. Not fanatical at all. 0% fanatical. Okay, So I'm not doing any kind of thing just to play photosynthesis. Yes. All. right. Fair enough. All. right. Well, heat and light hitting a plants are converted into energy via the process of photosynthesis inside of a plant. Because the inside of plants are complex systems full of cells that require nutrients including from the soil, from rain, so on and so forth. But light and heat are a very important source of energy. And the process of photosynthesis is simply the conversion of that energy into nutrients so that the plant can Thrive. That's a very apt description. That's great. That is pretty much what photosynthesis is. Without getting too into the weeds.


Thank you Bob. When the big ball in the sky blesses plants with his warmth and generosity, they don't refuse it. They turn it into delicious food. In the same way that we turn our generosity between each other into delicious community. And by delicious, I mean not, not delicious, but you know, it's good, it's supportive, it's good for us. Humans need community like, like plants need the sun. It shines down on them. And the, the heat and the sun rays are photo electrically turned into energy. 'cause I totally know how photosynthesis works. And they feed the soul of the plant, by which I mean they feed the plant actual food. But our souls are the ones that will be fed by the photosynthesis of our love for each other into food for our souls.


Beautiful. Amen. Amen. All. right. Wait a little more fanatical. My brothers and sisters, I alone speak to the plants. I alone know what they have to say and what their needs are. And your generous donations are exactly what they need to get. The process of photosynthesis started without you. The sun's rays will dim away. I've heard it from the plants themselves. They speak, they whisper, they yell, they scream, they cry, they love and they need your love right now. So please be generous. Your donations are the key to the survival of this planet. Every blade of grass, every tree, they all need you and your support. And I will speak on their behalf and on your behalf to them to make sure we can all live in harmony.


Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Very, very good Bob. All living beings in this verse know the truth that we exist to serve the emperor from humanity down to the creatures that walk the dirt down to the very plants themselves, down to the sun that feeds the plants. They all know they must sacrifice themselves for the benefit of the emperor and his greatness. The sun burns hydrogen just slowly destroying itself, sacrificing everything it has to feed the plants. The plants turn that delicious sunlight into food for themselves so that they may grow tall and sacrifice theirselves to the animals and to humans. And the animals know that they exist only to be eaten so that we may be stronger to serve his majesty's purposes.


Humanity should reach among the stars without the sacrifice of every living being. Amen. Amen. Wayne, It's too late. There's nothing we can do except for sacrifice ourselves to bring the plants back. Oh God is the key for the soil to be ized to ized. Good. Feel something again. Take the blades, take these cocktails, drink and s slit and allow our blood to bring the plants and photosynthesis back for the sun is not strong enough without the blood of you with eye.


Jesus God. Amen. Did wade die? I think he sacrificed himself. Oh, I get it. That's very fanatical. All, right? Bob, do you think you can get more? Listen Jimmy, I think you know why you've brought you, we've been brought here to this office. We need to have a serious talk. The overseer doesn't appreciate you questioning his authority. We've heard that you've been experimenting with growing plants with and without sunlight. That you think you have some scientific theory about photosynthesis or some nonsense. And I just have to tell you, the overseers word is not to be questioned. He says how the plants grow, they grow because of his grace. Okay? And you are challenging that grace right now. And without the overseers grace, none of us get to exist.


Do you like existing Jimmy? It seems like you like existing. Do you want to keep doing your little science experiments? Well, you'd better keep the overseers grace on the back of your mind when you're thinking about your science. Okay? So photosynthesis is not real. I don't care what experiments you've run. The overseer says plants grow when we serve his purposes and when we are obedient little followers. So you'd better be obedient and follow or we're not gonna eat any corn, are we? Amen. Puddles, Snakes rule. Amen. I love that. Very fanatical. But I gotta give the point to Wade a launched into a tirade. I do love overseer little Jimmy in the office, but man, Wade.


Yeah. You got your whole congregation to donate blood. That was oh, feels good. How to Win. I'm glad I pulled for fanatical to be on the wheel. I made that happen. Don't worry, I'll be dying for the next 20 minutes. You've Got it. We're definitely gonna get Yugi o grand master next. 'cause I'd also know what that is. Here's a little advantage. I won't, you won't know what the, the more of doing thing you'll get. But I'll let you pick the topic. How's that? God, I Don't know if you wanna do that. I have my heart set on one that I don't think anyone but me is gonna enjoy. Oh, okay. All, right? Well, I mean, Wait, topic that we're explaining The thing you're gonna explain. Oh, okay. I have a list. Unless you have one that you want to do. No, no. I'll, sorry, I thought you meant pick the thing off the wheel.


No, no, no. No wheel's gonna spin. No. What's your, what's your topic list? All. right, so it's, I've got how to tie a shoe. I've got the structure of an atom. I've got the importance of sleep and the basics of the solar system. All right. Structure of an atom. It is All, right? Structure of an atom. We're gonna explain that and how are we gonna explain it normally? First please Give us rhyme. God, I wanna arrive about neutron so bad. Uhoh. Interesting. Okay. I don't know how that's, huh? You're gonna get more paranoid. This One will be really good if you're all worked up, Wade, this will really calm you down. Yeah, Man. Can't wait. This will be relaxing.


All, right? Well the wheel has spoken. So the, the, now it's time to explain. Bob, what is the structure of an atom? Well, it's really simple actually. An atom is comprised of two main components. There's the nucleus and then there are the orbiting electrons. The nucleus has two components in it, which would be protons and neutrons. They are the clump in the center and then the electrons orbit around them in sort of fixed radiuses. And the, the protons are positively charged and the electrons are negatively charged, which is what draws the electrons towards the nucleus. Probably not. And that's pretty much it. I mean what, what determines what kind of thing an atom is? Is how many protons does it have?


What sort of electrons arrangements does it have? So on and so forth. And the bigger and heavier the nucleus is the more unstable, generally speaking the atom will be. And so like, you know, radioactive isotopes are very large clumpy atoms. Fair enough. I think that's a pretty accurate description. Without getting too much in the weeds, Wade feeling paranoid? No Man. And atom's pretty simple. You have the nucleus, which is like the command center made up of protons and electrons and so on and so forth, and cameras, microphones and such that the nucleus always kind of knows what's going on. And the way you know what kind of atom you have is how many things are kind of floating around watching things.


Basically it, you know. Oh, All, right? Yeah. That basically. Is it Bob some behind you? No, I don't think so. This is a secure location. Although now that you mention it, listen, All right, I'm gonna talk, I'm gonna keep it quiet in case they are listening. This is a pretty deep bunker. But you're right, they could have microphones that could penetrate All. right? I'll just, I'll whisper, I'll whisper it. It's okay. So in the middle you have protons and neutrons and orbiting around those. You have electrons and the electrons think they're free, but they're not man, they're not. They're trapped there by the magnetic ports. We are the electrons, man.


That's us. Okay. And we need to break outta here, you feel me? Yeah, I do. I do man. I didn't know Wade. I could feel them Inside me. Every single part of me is being watched my fingernails. They're not just growing because my body tells 'em to, they're growing because the cameras are collecting data and every time I clip 'em, that's data they're getting their hands on. Why do you think I shaved my head so they can't collect them so much? It's like shredding documents. I have to take lie in the tub after I shower, after I bathe to make sure it breaks down what I leave behind so that they can't get a hold of it.


Because every part of me is just collecting data for them. Protons, neutrons, electrons. None of that's real. It's all just data collection and it's inside the field. I hear it. I thought you were gonna go through that whole tyrant. Like, oh by the way it's protons and neutrons and smooth extras. That's What you're gonna do. No, man. Alright, Bob. Are are you Feeling more paranoid? Listen man, Adams are just a government conspiracy man. Can you see atoms? I don't see any atoms. I made a meat and, and blood bones. I know what's in me. Think I got atoms in me. No, that's just what they want you to think, man.


They want you to think that you're made of all these, these, these raw materials that they own man. Right? Because they own the soil, they own the sky. They think they own everything. They don't own us. They don't own this flesh bag. Okay? And they don't own what's in here, right? 'cause they can't know what's in here. 'cause I don't drink the water. Okay? I don't drink the water and I grow my own food and I water it with my own piss. So it stays fear. I felt I filter my own piss water for my plants. That's how I know I don't have any atoms in me. Do you have atoms in you? Is that what you're trying to tell me right now? are you one of them? I I didn't, I don't Think so. That's exactly what one of them would say.


If you were here in person, I would piss all over you purify your soul. Oh, that, that reached into fanatical. Hang on. Sorry. There's A, there's a crossover. The Venn diagram. Amen brother. Oh wait. Is there any, any deeper levels of paranoia? Scared. Get it? I got it Off. Slice. All, right? Okay. All, right. That, that's, that's, yeah. Bob, I'm afraid that unless you got something deeper in you, it'll be hard. I need knee pads for these kind of shows, Man. I invented my own language so that no one would be able to understand what we're talking about.


Okay. Even you guys won't know. I don't, that's not even gonna work. I you cheek Start speaking gibberish. We took exactly the idea I had. I don't, I don't like, I don't like that. See he's dying 'cause he knows the truth. Oh fuck. Oh now there's liquid in my lungs and my ears. Thanks man. So Bob, are we calling it there? Yeah, I got nothing. All, right? Okay. All right. We're gonna give him the paranoid point. Ah, ah, yeah we can do one more. We'll do a quick one. This is, this is easy. I got this. I actually am gonna go with what the wheel spun to. It just, I clicked it And, it was there and I haven't moved it since, but it's caveman.


Okay, Sure. Caveman, right? We're gonna explain how to tie a shoe. Very simple, very easy. I start off right, I'm the, yeah, yeah. I didn't actually learn how to tie a shoe until second grade, which is kind of embarrassing, but true story. But my teacher sat me down like before recess or after recess when she, I came up to her and was like, help, can you help me tie my shoe? And she showed me, it's very simple. You take your shoe strings, pull 'em basically straight up, cross them, wrap one down around the other and back through. And you form like a little w which was great for me. You named Wade. Pull it down, tighten it. And there's multiple ways you can go from here. You can either form a loop with one side, take the other string, wrap it around, take its tip, wrap it under pull, and you have two loops, two strings.


Or you can bunny ear it. Make two loops. Take one loop just like you did at the start. Cross them wrap one loop down to the other. Pull two different ways to tie your shoe. Then you can loop again and double knot if you want. But Fair enough. That is how you tie a shoe. Bob, You know, since I got the Geico gig, it's been really hard to escape the stigma. But no, you want me to teach you how to tie a shoe? Sure, yeah. No, yeah, no, I, sorry, that's, people usually ask me about the caveman stuff. No, I cross, cross the laces. You wrap one under the other. Yeah, like that. I, I do the bunny ears. I do the bunny ears. You make the two bunny ears, the bunny chases the other around the tree and you pull it through and yeah, you got it. I think you were just kind of find an excuse to talk to me.


I get That a lot. That's fair. Thank you. You saw it through me. I like to take the low hanging fruit as as often as possible. La as low. Ah man, I hadn't thought about the Geico caveman in so long. Wow. Wade two Strings up. Cross on down, pull two loop cross down, pull high. Fair. That's good. Bob. Two Strings. Both bobcats. One bobcat chase, other bobcat. Round, round, round, round, round. Under, round, round. I watch Dizzy take club, kill Bobcats shoes.


Stay on. I didn't Expect that Man. Okay, how am I gonna top that? Okay. Shoes Still really Good. All, right? Ew. All, right, but wade small There. Kick oh, kick Oh shoe. I'm sorry. Did you just kick two small creatures up the butt so you could have shoes on your feet? I was in their mouth, but I could be up their butt too. Oh, okay. Okay. Got it.


They opened Their mouth to Roar and I kicked in there. Right. The, I'm just thinking they could bite you if you kick into their mouth. Should stay on chu, stay on. Should Stay on All, right? Bob, You're gonna have to come with me on this one. All. right? It's a bit of a, it's a bit of a stage play. I'm ready. I'm a cave. I'm a caveman. Frozen in ice. I'm a scientific researcher. Ting, ding, dinging. Dinging. Ding ding. This is the mouth of the caveman. I'm, I'm chiseling the ice away. Tinging, dinging, dinging, dinging. We didn't wear shoes. Damnit We call it.


You know, I was thinking of like Velcro straps and just saying like, Reebok, but I like your, we don't wear shoes more. Oh man, that was, that was a fun time guys. You guys are so funny. Okay. Ugh. I'm gonna tabulate the points. Whose name am I gonna read first? Probably Wade's. 'cause he was first on the list. Yeah. Okay, so Wade, you got, you got quite a few small talk points. You got two moons. The, the honeymoon pun. We all laughed at it. so I gave you that. I subtracted a point for the ears because it grossed me out. And you should probably go to the doctor. But you redeemed yourself. You got that point right back by with the quote. It'll be wet afterwards. And I don't remember what that's referring to.


Still my ears. Still His ears. You won the fanatical and you won paranoid you, you really put in the power into those performances. Bob, for some reason I gave you the small talk point 'cause it was my small talk probably that it, I prompted you definitely to talk about whatever it was that you talked about. So that was the ramen. That was the ramen. That's, That's what it is. And then there was Schrodinger's cake, which up until that last round you, it looked like it was gonna be a clean sweep by Wade. You went balls out in the last round. I wrote you points for Geico caveman, which I thought was very clever. And then choose stay on, which for some reason made me laugh super hard.


And then you won the caveman round. I, it's, it was three points back to back. So with Wade's, four points to your five, you eked out the win in the last round alone. And. it was the quickest round. Hmm. It's, that's the way it is. See this? This is a minus one and then you got it right back. And so that's net 0 1 2. That's true. Yeah. The minus one. Really, really hams hamstrung you there? I'm so sorry that my health condition is not good enough for points from you. Well, when you go to the doctors, you can get it back. I just went yesterday, man, That was the problem. Go to a different doctor. You should definitely probably have that checked out a little may.


A little WebMD says blood in your ear means cancer or contusion in your ear canal. I'm Pretty sure that's the one 'cause there was something scraping my ear yesterday. So Scraping doesn't really sound like the kind of thing a doctor should do to an ear. I'm not gonna question a professional without all the facts, but that just doesn't sound right to me. Don't know. They're That little, little, little spoon All. right? Well either way Bob, congratulations. That was quite a final round. What a comeback. Really well done. Who you go winner speech first. Honestly, I'm surprised I won. I felt like Wade made me laugh a lot during this episode and had some really good performances that I just couldn't even match. It was a good fight. It was a good clean comedy battle just like all of our comedy battles are.


So congratulations to Wade, but more congratulations to me 'cause I actually won. So thank you. I'm welcome. Very humble Wade. It was. It was. I thought it was yours right up until the end. You with the paranoia and the fanatical. I don't know, Bob just like embodied the caveman. There's a Saying in professional football that you need to dominate your opponent and not leave it up to the refs in the end of the game. 'cause they might blow it for you, but at that point you should have done more early. I should have done more early getting down to start with that lost point really came back to hit me. Bob didn't have any turnovers today and I did, and turnovers are a big part of the problem whenever you're trying to win a game. Made a good push, but in the end they had the ball last scored and not much I can do about that.


I thought it was a clean, well-thought game, but I just didn't put it away when I had the chance and one or two plays here or there made the difference and Bob ended up with more points in the end. That's, that might be the best losers speech slash interview we ever had. Did you give it 110% out There? Always do. I'm proud of these guys. The guy who lost his skin, the guy who drank the Kool-Aid, they really left it all out there. They might be on injured reserve for a while, but you know, we'll check in on them. Will have more for you tomorrow on the injury report. Thanks coach. Go Wade, If You'll enjoy Get More Stupider part two. We didn't actually do Get, More Stupider at all in this, but that's okay. It happens to the best of us. Thank you. You can find us all at our various social medias Distractible store.com for our merch and just have a lovely day.


Follow the podcast for more fun stuff like this when Bob Hopes in the next episode. All. right. That's it. Podcast out.