
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Walkish Mark Ma, the mills happy, motivates the men to main mirror blight and questions of species. Of Santa well. Advised Wade goes full thespian, swimmers in the sun, wais ishness, and tenaciously tangents belittled. Barb admits he controls reality. Please, unto perfect cleavage and stays on point for physics from shambolic Shakespeare to freezing balls. Yes, it's time for Glauber Salt. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Good. More to you, lovely listeners and beautiful watchers. welcome to Distractible. My name is Mark Bly, here to be your host because I'm the winner of the last episode. And each time there's a new winner at Crowns, a new host of the podcast. So today it's going to be my episode and you're already confused by the name of the episode I'm sure. But we'll get into that in just a second. Before we meet our contestants today, Bob and Wade. Hi. He just scars. Never felt a wound, but soft. What light? The yonder window breaks. This is the east and distractable is the sun. Keep going. All right fast sun and kill the envious moons already sick and pal with greens at that made our far more fat than, than she beat on her maid since she is envious of best deliveries, but thick and green.


Cast it off is my lady. Oh is my love. Oh, that she knew she were, she speaks. It says nothing. What of that? Her right discourse as I will answer it. I am too bold is not to me. She speaks. Keep going. I don't know the rest. That's all I had memorized. Ah, well you Don't get a point. You didn't know the whole No, I'll give you That. I'm sorry. Mrs. Williams. Ninth grade English class. That's, that's all I got, man. When was ninth grade? 10 years ago. You wish Bob. What plays in poetry? Can you pull outta your ass? Remember that It is not the spoon that bends it is you. That's the only part. I'm not, I don't have a good memory. What do you want me to? No, that's Fine. That's good. Well, I'm not gonna give you a point for it, dude.


Where's my car? Look, I'm only gonna give you a confi. It, it's like I give points based on confidence today. So it's gotta be a lot of confidence. That's tough. Tomorrow, Tomorrow, tomorrow creeps in this petty paste from day to day. The last silver recorded time and all are yesterday's alleged fools. The way to dusty death out, out, brief candle, blah, blah, blah, blah. Fucking blah. Don't remember the rest. I'll give you A point for blah, blah, blah, blah. Fucking that's, that's nice. All, right? All Right. I think it might have still been in the iic pentameter This way. When I win this episode, we're gonna do a whole episode just for the viewers. I've got an idea. It's This, this look. I got an idea guys. No audio for the rest of this episode. We are Just gonna be learning sign language and we'll silently be trying to teach each other.


The Goal is to tell a knock-knock, choking, sign language at the end of the episode. What's new in your guys' life? Anything you want to bring up? Any complaints, any trash Talk for your compo opponent before things get really violent. I'm moving Not we're not moving a house, we're staying here. I'm so confused. This room won't be my office in a minute. I'm moving my office into the basement. Probably two or three episodes from now. This will all be different and I'll be in a different room. 'cause this is becoming Mandy's office. I think we could Be neighbors. I'm also a basement office. Dude, I'm so excited for a basement office. Our basement is so cold. Literally every office I've had with my two computers set up has been just so hot that I've had to like get a, an ac like a window AC unit.


But the basement, the cold, cold basement. It's my dreams finally coming. True. That's Wonderful. It's not even an unfinished ba it's got drywall in everything. It's gonna be great guys. That does sound great. I, that's the thing about LA that I miss is like, there aren't really many basements around here and basements are so incredibly useful 'cause they stay colder just because the ground is almost always colder than anything else. So usually because the walls are in contact with the dirt there, it stays cool. There's raid on apparently. But that's a, that's a whole nother thing. You just need a thing that makes noise every three minutes and then you won't have radon anymore. Hey, There's mitigation systems you can get and replace and Then you just have to mitigate your mitigation system once it mitigates itself.


So I just came across a piece of news that just made me laugh really hard. That Was a mild laugh at best, but go on, It's holding it back. McDonald's rebrands Happy Meal as just the meal for Mental Health Awareness Week. I'm sorry, that was just very funny to me. The meal with no happiness. Why is that good for mental health? I think it's like an intention grabbing thing. Like, you know, not all meals are happy. I Okay, so it's like getting, it's like a toxic, toxic happiness acknowledgement of like, I can't always be happy. So you, I'm hoping in practice a little kid goes up to order a Happy meal and they're like, sorry, we don't have those this week. They just, they just punch the kid in the face. Just, here's your meal.


So where's the toy? It's not a happy meal kid. It's just a meal. It's just a plastic bag with shards of glass in it. Like ching Ching. This is actually a completely cynical money saving tactic for me. Like if, if they're not happy anymore, we don't have to give 'em toys or anything. The box can be monochrome. Do you know how much we could save on printing if all those cardboard boxes are basically just gray? Back to the topic at hand, Wade, how's your life? I got A complaint. What? I hate the sun. Oh, that's fair. Actually, I was at the pool the other day, put on some sunscreen, went swimming. Everything went great yesterday. My nephews came over, we played some basketball. It was 94 degrees.


I took off my shirt. We were all like, just kind of like shirtless playing basketball because it was really, really hot. Didn't put on any sunscreen. Turned into a lobster last night. My shoulders are killing me chest. I'm very sore. Partially from being outta shape mostly 'cause the fucking sun betrayed me. I was like, it's not like I'm gonna be facing one direction the whole time. I'll be spinning around. I'll give that half of me a break from the sun. It'll chill back, warm up, turn around. I'll be good to go again. Three hours apparently of no sunscreen in the sun and you get a little sunburnt and I'm not here for it. The sun's supposed to enter like plants are in the sun all the time. You don't see them dying. You know? That's a good point. I I think it's prob because plants spend the majority of their time in the sun and you do not, so you're not prepared.


I spent most of my basketball time in the sun yesterday. You sure did. You absolutely sure did. You know there's a lot of sun slander going on these days on, on the internet and whatnot. And just because, you know, it can cause cancer and such as the, like as thus the sun, the only reason we're here is the sun. Oh, I'm sorry. are you putting down my small talk? I'm putting it down because I don't want anyone to put down the sun because at any moment that that sun bitch could blast a, a a, just a lance of solar material straight at earth obliterate us. You know what, Sir? You are jesting at scars. That did feel a wound. I I, yeah.


You know what I am. If you had treated your sun exposure, like say a marathon, right? And you gradually increase your sun exposure over a period of time, your body has a mechanism to create a natural shield against the sun. I was in the sun of the pool with some sunscreen. That was, that was my stepping stone. You trained for one day? I did. It was literally the day before too. So like, I knew I was ready, but now I'm all sticky and slimy feelings. I have to put on that like after sun alloy stuff. So before we started rolling, I was like, yeah, I mean you don't have to slop it on in big handfuls. You don't have to buy it by the Costco bucket. I just reach in there, scoop and throw wherever it ends up on me.


That part gets sun treatment. I hate when I have to fill my bathtub with aloe, then dunk myself in it for a brief moment. Listen, I know it hurts, but sweeter the uses of adversity, which like the toed, ugly venomous wears yet a precious jewel in his head. I say that quote all the time, man. I appreciate you saying that. That's great. There's something about a toad jewel. I don't know, I have small talk. Wait, I say I saved this away. We control the universe. This just in Distractible controls everything. Everyone listens and watches. You Heard it here First li a couple episodes ago. I don't remember which one, but I complained. Oh, it was the, the Dumb of Humanity episode. I think I complained about restaurant drive-throughs that have ice cream handing you the ice cream cone first.


I swear to God I went, it was a warm summer evening. I went and picked up Dairy Queen and I I was at the window at Dairy Queen and the person in the window had the ice cream cone and their hand and was all whoa. And looked at me and was like, wait a minute. And they gave me everything else and then gave me the ice cream cone lasts. And I was like, What if we cause the memo to go around all the ice cream places? They're like, Distractible is onto us. We gotta change it up boys. So they do listen and any every other dairy queen and ice cream place in the world, you're on notice now. It's possible. Can be done. We changed the world boys. Looks Like cream's back on the menu. Boy, Shakespeare, Unfortunately.


I was about to give you a point. And then Wade said, cream's back on the menu. so I just diverted your entire small talk point to put Wade there. Wow. That's tough. I had know points were such a premium. I thought we could both have a a dip in there. All. right? I have today's episode. You guys ready? I'm a little worried, but yeah. Yeah. You're not prepared for this. Two words. Glauber. Salt. Oh, Glauber. Wait, I know this glauer beautiful salt. It is, it is a beautiful salt. But that's not, it's Are they The little elves that make No, that's keyboard. They're the glauer elves.


We make cookies but with much less joy. I just typed glauber elves into Google instead of Glauber Salt. Will you tell me you found something? Google Literally was like zero. There are zero things. What the fuck is that? Anyone want to take a random guess at what I'm talking about here? Guess you'd have to know how to spell it first before you could even, are You talking about iLite or hydro? Sodium? Sulfate Mineral with the che chemical formula. NA two SO four. 10 H2O. Oh my God. I Am, but I'll give weight a chance to actually pronounce it. Wait a second. Wait. Glauber Salt.


No, the other name of it. Oh, trap nalo sulfate. Say the same thing you just said again twice. And I'll believe you Chaperone sulfate. Not, I don't even remember what you said, but I know it wasn't that All. right. So Glauber Salt, right. Also known as Meite iLite. I believe it's Meite, right? This is the future. And I'm just chucking it out there. This is a two word topic episode. I can't wait to hear about Lauer's salt.


Can I just say I don't know anything about mineral biology? Min mineral mineralogy. There's apparently a quality of minerals, of crystalline minerals that's called cleavage. And on the Wikipedia for ate the cleavage is described as 100 perfect, but also one poor and also 10 poor. Apparently there are three types of cleavage. I have no idea. Hang on. I I'm going to the cleavage section of, of Wikipedia. Okay. It's a, if I click on cleavage and you show me boobs, I'm gonna be very disappointed. Wikipedia. No, it's crystal. It's crystal. Oh. Oh. I don't know.


It means basil, poid, or planer. The three types of cleavage All. right? I'm, I'm sharing my screen if people want see some crazy cleavage. Okay, listeners, I'm so sorry that, that I almost called you Scott, that Mark is not sharing his, his images with you. But this is a viewer only podcast now. Yeah, this is a viewer only. Oh hell yeah. Look at that hundred. That perfect hundred Cleavage. Oh, okay. So if, if those are the elves, one is Ernest j Kbl, the other is JJ Kbl. Yes. Wait, I'm giving you another attempt to repeat what you said earlier that you forgot. Just that plank expression.


I really like Stapler, right? Dude, there is roral cleavage All. right? I'm putting away the cleavage. The cleavage is gone. Everyone Can you go back to just listening? The cleavage is gone. JJ Keebler was the original King elf in 1969. The King elf. I thought that was Santa. Is Santa an elf? 'cause they say he's a jolly old elf. But in, you know, other things, he's kind of more human. If he's an elf, wouldn't he be kind of like a god elf? Like he's, he's big and he's like, I dunno, very human sized like JJ Keebler of the Keebler elf. JJ is, are you actually talking about someone not real, but who has been made up? But more officially, what is real?


JJ Keebler. This is the real Keebler elves. Dude. I'm real, I'm reading the real Wikipedia, which never is wrong. Oh, Oh, he is the, he is the old Keebler with white hair. Okay, I got it. Okay. All, right. I see, I see.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive, but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talk and text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, Goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details.


Dude, this isn't new. Chinese medicine has known about this since forever. Apparently Mi Mera light is used as an anti-inflammatory and a purative, it's oh, it's like a laxative. Okay. In traditional Chinese medicine and in Mandarin is called, I'm not gonna try and pronounce that, but something like, I tried to pronounce it, I lied. Some guy named Jo Johan Rudolph Glauer discovered, discovered it and was like, oh, I've discovered something new that the Chinese were like, what? Why do you think this is the future of humanity? Mark? What? What do you mean? It's Glauber? Salt. It appears to be a mineral. Apparently in 2019, Kellogg sold Keebler to Ferrero pay for $1.3 billion.


Now the elves are gone for how Much? 1.3 billion. How many elves, How many elves died? I don't know. It doesn't say Like, went along with the deal. Why did they kill 'em for a $1.3 billion? I don't know. Kellogg has two Ls and two Gs. I guess that was just too much for them to overcome. $1.3 billion for Keebler the brand. Well, Keebler cookies and other related brands. Maybe they kept some of it. Kellogg retained the rights to other Keebler products such as crackers. They Didn't even sell all the keebler's And. it made a 1.3 billion. Why aren't we in cookies? Why aren't we doing cookies guys? Well, Ferrero hey is the one who has it. Why do you keep, What are You saying? Sp And then capital A, it looks like spa, but the a's capitalized.


so I just assume I was supposed to yell it. That's not a, well, I mean it's a name, but it's also, it's, it's clearly one of those after name things. But it just so happens to be Italian. What does SPA stand for special as Probably something not an English. One of the world's most secretive firms. Wait, what the fuck? I'm totally derailing us and I love it. 38 Trading companies. 18 factories. Approximately 40,000 employees and produces 365,000 tons of Nutella. What? Good Damn. Oh, In 1946, Pietro Pietro Ferrero invented a cream of hazelnuts and cocoa. He invented the name of the thing that I just said it.


Nutella. Nutella, Yeah. But he originally called it Super creama. Super crema. Super Crema. Super crema. That's a much cooler name. It's maybe more confusing and less, I mean, Nutella doesn't really mean that much. We just know what that is. Super chroma is dope. Well anyway, that's that's great. Good job, Wade. But Glauber, Salt. This stuff doesn't seem that special. I'm just gonna come, I'm gonna come right out and challenge you. What The fuck? Oh, you lose a point. That's fine. That's fine. There's some people out there listening right now that are, that are creaming their jeans for the, the Glauber Salt mention, I mean, look, this, it looks like this stuff is used for water softening.


'cause it's, it removes calcium and magnesium ions, which is fine. Looks like it has a lot a high heat storage. So when it phase changes it heats up really effectively. So like when you dissolve it in water, I assume that means it heats up the water. That that's, well that's not necessarily what it does. But you're on the right track buddy. You're on the right track. I'm telling you Lauber salt is gonna solve every, Oh, are you talking about this in solar heat storage application? Is that what you're talking about? I Am, yes. Other Elves included. Fryer talk zoo. JJ Ma Keebler. Elmer Keebler. Fast.


Eddie. Fast Eddie. I know. I used to get mad when Wade would just not even engage with us. I ha I'm not mad. I just have to respect how much he's having his own little episode right now and I love that for you. It It's, it's the B plot. You know, the camera cuts away. Professor Edison, Larry and Art. Anyway. Glauber, Salt. G-L-A-U-B-E-R apostrophe s Glauber Salt. Remember the name. It's gonna change the world. How so? Well that's what for us to discuss. Just chucking it out there. Clouder salt. I feel like generating heat is not as much of an issue in the world as dissipating heat and avoiding excess heat generation is You're Yes.


Yes. Go on, go on. Well this doesn't seem to, well is Clouder salt used in like heat exchangers or something? Like what are we talking about? Like is this Almost, almost, you're getting closer. Keebler started in Philly, the first elf appeared in 1969. Are you talking about this in the application of electronics or is this like a home heating type of application that you're concerned with? Oh No. Get off the heat. Well it's not heat, it's like temperature regulation. Well it's gotta start with heat, if you know what I mean. I don't, Ollie and JJ got screwed 'cause Ernie came in and just became the mascot All. right. Fine. You want me to, you want me to pull this? I'm literally, I'm googling my brains out over here and I'm learning very back and forth.


So this thing, this is very corrosive, which is not a good, could be very Derisive. This has very poor thermal conductivity apparently. Which would mean it would not be good for a heat exchange application. No, no, no, no, no. Not by itself. Wait, If you made a ginger dead man with this salt, would it be extra derisive? Oh, it'd be so derisive. It also probably stink because it's so got sulfur in it. Alright, I'm gonna tell you, I've been watching YouTube videos. Oh, more Kurtz Gza. I No, not at all. No, no, no. People's Been around since 1853. I I tell you, I watched one video and it's changed my life. Right. And it's all about glab salt.


It's Glauber Salt all the way down, baby. Because what you take, what you do, what you do is you take glover salt and then you get a big pot of water and then you put the ggl, you, you boil the water and you put glover salt in it. Okay? And what you get is you get a substance that freezes that goes solid at 90 degrees Fahrenheit. All of the water. Yes. So it will freeze at 90 degrees Fahrenheit. Oh yeah. Wait, yeah, he's getting it. Yeah, he's understanding the ramifications. Keebler bakeries make Girl Scout cookies. Oh, that's interesting. Well, no, but they, they sell like Girl Scout copycats that are like Keebler branded in the store. They do, they do that.


Do they also make the official Girl Scout cookies though? Next time you stock up on Samoas and tag alongs from local girl scouts, though those delicious treats are connected to Keebler. You Know, that makes perfect sense because I've always wondered what the difference between the, the Samoas and the the Keebler elf ones. Yeah. I was like, man, these are really similar to Celebrate 150 years. Back in 2003, they made 150 pound cookie. Damn. Ah, I feel like they could have gone bigger. If you Could eat it in under 45 minutes, it's free. Wait. But in the beginning of of, of Bruce Almighty, they made a cookie that was like nine feet something inches. What did they say in the beginning of that movie? I only remember the part where he is playing trumpet and he keeps flicking the guy off with his middle f with his finger where he is like, do you like jazz?


And he is flicking him off All. right? I gotta look up how big was the cookie in Bruce Almighty? Okay, the tape measure is clearly not measured. There's apparently some controversy about this one. Can I read the sentence to you and just see if you guys don't like the way it's worded? Like I don't we're Currently getting to the bottom of the cookie, but Yes. Yeah, well You well you guys are looking. Okay, so key blur. This is saying they make other versions of Girl Scout cookies, like you were saying, they have the grasshoppers that are like 10 min, so on and so forth. And they said apparently their year on versions haven't hurt Girl Scout sales though. Because even if you crave the taste and can eat them off season, waiting a couple of extra weeks for a sweet little girl scout to deliver them to your office, it's worth the Effort. Nope, don't like that. I see what you're getting at. I don't care for that. I was looking up the cookie size and I've downloaded the entire script of Bruce Almighty.


No, I I'm right there with you. The script has the line, the previous Buffalo cookie record was three feet 17 inches. And based on the way they talk about it, it's implied that the cookie in the movie is significantly larger than three feet 17 inches in diameter. Which can I just say, why the fuck is it 17 inches? Isn't that just four feet, five inches? Yeah. I don't know what that's about. But they say it. They say it in, they say it in the movie. I'm not seeing that. It's said, it's actually said in the movie. It's said In the movie they to the tape measure because there's controversy about it. Because on the IMDB, someone complains that in the beginning when they're measuring Buffalo's biggest cookie, the tape measure is clearly not measuring the middle of the cookie.


The measurement would only be accurate by the diameter size. But they said it, they said it nine inches. Oh yes. Okay, here we go. Yeah, the, the actual size of the cookie is said Jim Carrey measures the cookie and looks at the camera and goes 10 feet in, four inches in diameter. Setting a new record. Yeah. Yeah. So way, way, way bigger. And so that proves that this 150 pound cookie sucks and is dumb. So Wade, do you lose a point? Well, you know, this came before Bruce Almighty. So Bruce Almighty had to beat this cookie's record. Bruce Almighty came out after 2003. I'm about 10% sure. Shit, it came out in 2003. They beat it the same year.


Oh man. Oh that made quite a smack on my head. Did you hear that? Yeah, I did. That was, that was very loud. Wow. For our listeners, can we not talk and just make those smacking noises for a few minutes so they can, Do you think there's a bunch of people listening at home that are now smacking Themselves in the Forehead? Try it. Wade, lick your palm and smack your Head. All All, right? Give you a point. Yeah, you did it. Glauber Salt. So here's the thing. You boil water, you put your Glauber Salt in it, and that mixture alone creates a concoction that would freeze at 90 degrees Fahrenheit. That's scientifically true. But that doesn't mean it's cold.


Now. Now here's the thing. If you add regular table salt to your mixture, you will lower the freezing point of that mixture. Same way as if you put salt on ice, it'll start to melt because the freezing point is now lower. Okay. Than what it should be. You can, if you put a certain ratio into it, I don't remember it off the top of my head. You can create a mixture that will freeze at 70 degrees Fahrenheit. Exactly what most people might consider room temperature. And if you poison xanthin gum, it'll turn into a gel so that it's easier to, you know, handle than just like pure liquid. And then you have a gel, like a gel pack that'll freeze at 70 degrees. And what that takes advantage of is the fact that phase change, it's called a phase change material.


It has, it takes so much more energy to get it to change its phase than it does to get it moving a degree. So it'll stay at 70 degrees way longer. And all this circles back to the concept of my render farm. so I figured if I make enough of this shit and stuff, my render farm full of it, it'll stay at 70 degrees because there's so much ice. But warm ice glauber ice In the eighties and nineties, they had pizza flavored chips called pizzerias and apparently there's a Facebook page dedicated to try to bring them back 'cause they were so popular. I, The only problem with pizzerias was the name because I always used to complain that they gave me pizzeria.


Oof. Remember when Pizza Hut really tried to be pasta hut? But the thing is, I fucking loved their pasta Gold star here in Cincinnati. They got rid of some of their like chili products, like the burritos and stuff and they started making burgers that apparently very, I've never had a gold star burger. But burgers are like a big thing at gold star chilies now. Like A chili burger or Like No, just a normal cheeseburger. Never had one. But apparently they're good. I've heard good things, but it's like, whenever I think of getting chili, I never think of like the burger on the menu. So I don't know enough about thermodynamics to like really contribute to this. But what you're saying sounds right. So basically what you're saying is you would, you would put all this stuff where the, the face change point is right about 70 degrees. It would constantly be in and out of phase.


Like it would be kind of part liquid, part frozen because the, the racks would generate heat. So they would heat. But then the phase change of all the glubber out salt solution goop, it would extract. But they're, but Glover out is still still a poor thermo conductor. Right. So would it really, when Mixed with water, it becomes as good of a thermo conductor as water is So by itself. So here's the thing, right? The weird thing about 70 degree phase change material is if you think of the world we live in at night, it usually gets below 70 degrees most places in A lot of places. Sure. Even in the desert it can get down because the sun is not shining.


And. it is cold. It will freeze overnight if it's in an environment where it can for free. Speaking of environments, Keebler did a thing in 2013 where they went around and found trees in places such as, I don't know, Cincinnati and put little doors on the trees to make it look like elves lived there. Did they cut a hole in it and carve out the middle of it? I'm Wondering if they actually damaged trees for this. I was trying to find that out. Trying Find, haul It out the tree to build dioramas with little elves, cooking cookies and little ovens and all these trees. It Says they crafted tiny doors to attach to the base of trees. It doesn't say how they attach it. Whether they just like, oh this tree looks healthy, nail this door onto it. I don't know.


Anyway, glubber salt is cheap. So the thing is, if I get an industrial cook thing, pot oof an industrial boiler pot. I mean the industrial boiler probably implies that it's a very large pot for boiling stuff. I don't know. Hey Siri, what's a kitchen? So Mark, if Glauber Salt is such a magical, cheap material that is so simple to implement, why hasn't anyone else done this? Well, I don't know. That's fair. I don't know what it is about it, but ever since I heard about Glauber Salt, I can't stop thinking about it. And it's not even that it's the Glauber Salt really. It's like, I don't know if there's a name for the mixture of what it is afterwards, but that science, like you, you, you can do the science.


I just need to figure out a way to make a 422 kilograms of it. I think the thing for me that I'm sticking on is the point is not I'm with you that it freezes at a such a high temperature that basically freezes for free but then it's a solid, right? Yeah. Or it's a, it's a goof anyway. The way water cool. The way water cooling works is the heat is not dissipated just because water absorbs heat. It's dissipated because water absorbs heat and then is cycled away from the electronics. Yeah. But I, that's not what I'm doing. If I put it in the room and then put a fan on it and blow the air. But you're but but heat, heat saturation is a thing. The whole the whole thing will, you don't shut down server farms overnight. Do you?


Part of the point is they sort of run 24 7. Is there a downtime? It'll Be fun. It'll be fine. Are these like you change out the Glauber Salt packs or something with No, No. That'd be too heavy. Yeah. Well that sounds like a pain in the ass. It's kind of like a class action lawsuit against fudge stripe cookies for not having the proper fudge ingredients to count as fudge stripe. Hmm. That would also be a pain in the ass. 'cause in 2021 Keebler had a class action lawsuit alleged that their fudge wasn't real fudge. They have to, they have to spell it. F-U-G-G-E. I love what I love when I go to the store, do the freezer section, they got wings but they're spelled W-Y-N-G-Z and you're like, oh that's a fun way to spell it.


And then you look at the back and it's made of dirt and moss and probably glubber salt. No. So Mark, what if you make your Glauber Salt solution your high, high freezing point solution with mineral oil and then, and you submerge your stuff in agler salt mineral oil tank so that then you don't have to cycle it. The phase change occurs and as the heat builds up, the phase changes out. But then it cut like it freezes. It's like an expanding contracting water cooling rig. I love that. And I think that's incredible. However, I feel like it would mess up with the freezing point if it was mixed in mineral oil. Yeah. I have no idea what the freezing point of mineral oil actually is.


I don't know how that's different. I know it's not water. So What I was gonna do is I'm gonna make an an an evaporative cooler. So I'm going to McMaster car and I'm gonna buy a bunch of duct work and I'm gonna get some ventilation fans and it's gonna build a little evaporative cooler. And the cool air from there is gonna blow over the Glauber Salt mixture. And I'm gonna have a, a heat exchanger inside there that's gonna be like basically encapsulated by all of the Glauber Salt mixture and then some working fluid running through that. Going to another heat exchanger inside the, the render farm room. And a fan on that blasting all of that delicious cold free air conditioning baby. Well, not free. It costs a lot to build it and all that stuff.


Yeah. So it's, it's essentially a, a normal water cooling set up with extra stuff that's definitely gonna go wrong. It's clouder salt. It's clouder salt. You gotta have faith in the gloger. Are you getting custom like heat sink blocks for all each of your little chip sets and cards and things? Or are you just sort of setting it near it? No, I'm not. You, you know, you keep thinking about to slather my electronics and Glauber Salt. No, it's air. It's just Air. Okay. It's just air circulation. You're just using the, the salt solution to cool the air to a crisp. It's out. It's a cold battery. It's a battery of coldness, but room temperature, coldness, you Know a lot of people miss Cookie crisp. But in 2016 Keebler had a breakfast cereal. That's little chocolate chip cookies as well. What Do you mean Miss Cookie? It's still around isn't it?


It still exists, doesn't it? Oh, I don't know. I thought people, I thought it was gone. I I was never a big cookie crisper. It's Cookies for breakfast. What's wrong with that Man, I tell you, I have not had, this is not, I don't believe food coloring is in co cookie crisp, but maybe it is for all I know. But I haven't had any like artificial food dyes in a while and I'm not, I'm not trying to like be like, oh I'm crazy about it. But it's like I, I feel markedly different. For a while there I was very tired and I think it was just like, I think I was going through withdrawal. 'cause all my life I've had an unbelievable amount of red 40. And then I, I I've stopped doing it and I've been cr like weirdly less snacky, less like hungry at night. I feel fuller sooner. And. it was like, it just has weird effects.


Well if you ever miss it, just put it out in the sun for a while and you'll get plenty of red All. right. Anyway, Glauber Salt. are you guys seeing the value of Glauber Salt now? Yeah. They sound really good. If Somehow you are the only person who's ever pieced this together and you're able to make what you're dreaming of And, it works the way you think it will, despite none of us seeming to understand physics quite enough to reason out why it will or won't work correctly. Oh yeah. You're odd to a billion dollar, billion dollar idea. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. You Essentially, you're, you have invented the perpetual motion machine of heat exchange. Oh yeah, I have Ebler actually did tortilla chips and potato chips for a while in like the late eighties and early nineties too.


What was that brand called? Suns. Tortilla Chips and Oh, Boise's. Oh, Boise potato chips. Oh, Boises. Oh, Boise. I could see the commercials now. Oh, Boise said the elves eat our potato chips. Well that's great but I don't think you guys are seeing the wisdom of Glauber Salt. Okay. The original picture of the elf tree was like a big tree, a door in the tree lit up with all kinds of like fancy things. This picture of the tree is just a tree with what looks like a plastic like round door just leaning against it that could maybe open. Well anyway, Hey, what about this? This, I think this will answer your questions.


If they did that to trees around Cincinnati, I would definitely buy a Cookies outta Fear for my life. Camer Halloween releases with that as the mascot. Yes. Where'd You guys talk about like table salt or something? Go back. Yeah, I was actually there. Thank you for I'll give you a, I'll give you a listening point. You were, you heard when I mentioned the table Salt All, right? All right. By the way, GLBB Salt is gonna change the world. All I gotta figure out is how to make enough of it. That's it. We've all agreed it's the best idea ever. We're gonna make Distractible branded Glauber Salt phase change material. We're gonna sell it in bulk in huge lots. We just gotta make it, we all agree. Right? Good. How, how do you make Glauber Salt? You don't make Glauber Salt. You mind it because Glauber Salt Glauber Salt.


I don't know. It's just fun to say. That's all I really have. I I watched this video, the video that I watched about is by this guy named Knight Hawkin Light. Who, who reminds me very much of my friend John, both in his mannerisms and he, there's a, there's a faint resemblance, but just when he was talking about it, it's, it's just for some reason, IIII couldn't stop thinking about Glauber Salt. I couldn't get it outta my head. Nighthawk was formerly Robin, I believe too. Tim Chickens. What was, what was Robin's name? Tim Chickens. He became Nighthawk after he was Robin. Yep. I'm, I don't think that was his name, but All. right? Maybe his name was actually just Robin something. I don't remember. Are you talking about Kyle Richmond Maybe.


Couldn't tell you. He's not one of the elves. so I really don't care as much. Poor Ernie back in the nineties was trying to get people to believe in elves. 'cause you know, his biggest problem was people didn't believe in him, which is really sad. So Mark, I just have to ask, have you bought, have you got any Glauber Salt in your hands yet? No. Because it sounds like you could make, if you made the Glauber Salt water solution and then just like put that in a water balloon, you would essentially have a balloon that was like frozen solid. Except if you hold it in your hand, it will melt. Ooh. Which just sounds really fun. Right? That does sound fun. Like if you put it, I would maybe put it in a balloon then put that in another balloon, like layer it. 'cause I have no idea how toxic or corrosive or unhealthy it might be to get this stuff on you.


But it would just be cool 'cause if you just sit on your desk, it'll just freeze probably. But then as soon as you start touching it, it'll start melting. Like you're, but it won't be cold. Like you're melting ice in your hands. But it'll be like you're melting a ice in your hands. You know, in, in actual practical reasons for this stuff. I, I think a render farm is probably a bad idea, but I, I, I don't know. Wait, if I ever told you I I, after the w costume basically and how hot it was, I looked it up and there are, there are vests that you can buy and basically full suits that you can buy that have like water tubing through it. And what you do is you have a box or something, a styrofoam cooler on the side and they, they sell these like get A different kind of cooler. Like a bicycle one or metal or something.


Actually, no, it's like some, one of it was like a water, like a plastic lined felt bag. I think there was another version of that was fine. And what you did is they, they have ice packs, like gel packs that freeze at, at like, you know, ice temperature, And. it keeps air. But the problem was that when it circulates, it's so cold. Unless you're actually in a hundred degree weather, it's going to be untenable. But if you have a costume that has ice that freezes at like 70 degrees, then it would be a cool, refreshing. It'd be like a dip in a nice cold pool instead of potentially frostbite. That Is interesting. Actually, Next time we get together you can water cool me. We'll see how it goes. Well, So I was gonna say this is more complicated. They do make, they make a type of that cool shirt where you plug in your shirt to essentially a refrigerator box and you could set the temperature so it doesn't have to be ice cold.


It can be a more, if you're not in like constant a hundred degrees, it could be a more reasonable temperature aside from the issue of liquefying it to begin with. So you could start the circulation. Cloudware salt might be a great application on set for that sort of thing. Hot costumes get a nice cool That that is why I got it. Because if we ever did something again that required and, and usually like when you're filming things get very hot because you have to turn off the air conditioning when you're doing it. It's like, it was, it was for a safety thing because not only you, but Pam also was very, very warm because she had a literal ski suit. Well good. She worked in a cold area. You could tell by her outfit. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's the ironic thing like that, that room was so blue and looked so cold. That was the hottest room because it was farthest in the back on the set.


No circulation at all. Like, just completely closed off of everything. It was, it was terrible. There was one time when we were filming and we had to fill it with vapor, like, you know, fog. When I, I come out and I'm frozen, mark and I, and when happened is there are people, 'cause our doors were broken so people had to move 'em by themselves. So someone was in there the entire time as it was filling up just huffing pure fog juicy The entire time. And it's not toxic, but I don't think you're supposed to breathe only that 'cause it's just, it's like flooded from floor to ceiling with, with fog. And, and they, they just Woo, they couldn't have pulled on the door from the other side. Well they had to be ready to open it.


And then the, the audio guy was also in there ready and waiting. And so there was so many things in space where we hid the other people that were like for filmmaking. 'cause the first person just like walking one way And, it would be a dance around it. But they walked out of the room after a cut and they were just like, oh, anyway, fun times. But Glubber salt, Oh my god, guys, there's crossover. I didn't catch this. You probably said this Wade, you know Flo from Progressive Flo was previously the accountant for the Hollow tree in the Keebler Else universe. Oh really? I Think Flow was one of the ones I'd mentioned. Yeah. I didn't realize it was that flow, but yeah, I think you did say that. I just didn't put it together myself until I started looking at it. What A crazy deal to like be hired on as an actress for like flow for Progressive and then become the mascot.


That's gotta be, that's, I'd be great if you actually have the rights to the character unless you are beholden to the company having that. But I'm sure she's beholden to the company. I just, I always imagine with, with actors like that, like I'm sure I would imagine she went to LA or whatever and was like, I'm gonna be an actor, right? And I wanna be on a TV show or a movie or something. Like had these go. But then you get the gig and you're like, well I'll just do this commercial like this. I'll pay the pills, the bills, this is fine. Obviously I didn't, you know, probably most actors aren't like, oh I want to be in a commercial character. But then shit, that's like her whole life now. Like if you saw that actress in a TV show, you'd be like, well fuck is Flo on on Law and Order Mayhem. The guy who does the Mayhem commercials, he's in like, I think he's in one of the John Wick movies and a couple other movies.


It's always like, whenever I see him it's like, dude, it's Mayhem. I doubt that they meant to sign up for that to be the defining thing of their career. But the, it's probably, they probably like it, right? Like that'd be like, who's gonna complain? Like I act it's Like us and being and friends, it's, it just happens, you know? I Accidentally became a character that's so iconic. It's like a part of pop culture. Yeah. It just happens to be a part of commercials. Like Yeah, it can't be that bad. It's worse than not making it at all. You know? I gotta imagine Better. Do you mean better or do you mean worse? It's It's better. You Said it's worse than not making it, It's worse than accomplishing nothing at all in your life. I would rather giant obscurity then be flow from progressive All. right. Anyway, Glauber Salt.


Any last Glauber mentions In German? Glauber means a believer or brush maker. Oh, They do frosted animal cookies too. I kind of want some those sound really good. Frosted animal cookies. Oh, it's not, isn't that just Dunkaroos? No, it's just animal cookies with like frosting on 'em. Wait, have you guys never had frosted animal cookies with like animal cookie crackers with like the frosting on them? No, I never heard of that. I just eat animal crackers like a normal person. Well they sell 'em all dude. They have like a white and a pink variation of like, they're so good. They're very good. A Pink pink immediately is a no for me. That's not a food color pass. Enough of you. Enough outta you guys. We're done here. Scoring's over guys don't appreciate Cloud Sult. I engaged with you a lot about Cloud Sult just 'cause I didn't already know about it. Yeah, Well you didn't appreciate it.


You didn't appreciate, I knew Wade didn't give a shit but you, I thought I could change you. I'm right there with you. I said it was probably a billion dollar idea. That's true actually. Yeah, that's true. You Know what I proposed a $1.3 billion idea. 'cause kit's how much Keebler sold for All. right? All. right. We got Wade with Shake Spear and blah blah blah. Fucking creams back on the menu. Which is very funny. It is very funny. Good. I imagine those are all the points I got since I didn't No, you got spay, you got Keebler scouts for them making the Girl Scouts. I I I subtracted one for dumb cookie and I don't remember what, but I was insulted.


'cause the big cookie wasn't big enough for you. Right, right. Okay. I had one for Palm smack lick and then one for table salt. Well done. Bob, you got knock knock for the deaf ac mention Toad jewel. Oh yeah, the Shakespeare quote I did. Oh right. Yes. You got Klauber elves, which got Wade started on Kepler's elves. So you really sabotaged yourself there, Bob. You really got all the, you you led to all the points earned this episode. Meite Bob, that was great. You got one for perfect cleavage. You got minus one for not special one for solar storage and then one for mineral oil.


I didn't get any points for any of the rest of the discussion of Glauber Salt. What do you Mean Moabite? Perfect cleavage. Solar storage and mineral oil. Those Were 40 minutes ago. No, there there Was a span. It was a span. The last half hour of shit that we talked about with the all All. right. All right. I love it. I love seeing someone else be something about the points. Bob, you still have a flag. Oh, oh, what the hell is happening? Why is he smiling? Oh no, mark, did you manufacture a tie just so you could spin the wheel? I Did not manufacture it. I did not. If it turns out to be one man show, does that mean Mark has to be the one man? Yeah. You and I have to write it and Mark has the, mark is the one man show. I don't know why I'm excited about this.


I'm doing this because I know it's not gonna be me. Keep saying that. Keep saying that. Manifest that Mark by giving Bob none of the points he deserved this episode. You did this to you. I gave him so many points of exactly the topic that we were discussing. You just happened to make dumb things that made me laugh. Well, that's what I do, man. I should win every episode. That's all it takes. Every like, everything that he has. He mentioned air conditioning, perfect cleavage light. He got minus one for not special solar swords. And then the mineral I idea was towards the end. But he had doubts. He had doubts about it that was making me the Fault is not in our stars, but at ourselves. Okay, so I'm not gonna contest this one. All, right? Here we go.


Please be one man show. Aw Wade. Congratulations Wade. This Is the most deserving win I think I've ever Had. Wade, you really swept it out from above. Bob. I feel Like I should be throwing a flag on Bob's behalf here. But you know, I'm gonna take, What did I, I literally, what's to complain about you? Like there's not a single topic point in Wade's column, not one. It's blah blah fucking Shakespeare cream's back on the menu. Keebler scouts cookie and table salt, I guess. Yeah, you got one for right at the end there.


That was relating to the topic and that's what sealed the, the chance for this. Meanwhile, Bob's is, is literally all about the discussion. I'm not saying that it was not about the discussion. I'm saying that I said a lot of things that didn't seem to earn many points. What Do you mean? What do you mean? We talked about a lot of glader salt information that doesn't, not Everything. Talking about it deserves a point. He had a lot of confidence. I said that the points were given. I Don't know why I'm letting Wade drag me into this. I'm, I was gonna let this go. I'm not, I'm not fighting this. Wade is fighting this for some reason. Wade, Wade, do you want to keep fighting it or do you wanna give a winner speech? Kind of, but I'll stop. I guess I just had a genuinely good time today not participating and I really feel like I earned this win by letting you all know about Keebler, their controversies, their successes, their failures, and their Girl Scout cookies.


Apparently, I hope you all feel much more informed. I bite my thumb at the All. right? Well said, well spoken and well done. Well performed. Bob, I didn't know what Glauber Salt was at the start of today's episode and I feel like one of us who was competing, learned a lot about Glauber. Salt really dug into it and, and read up and Googled and, and theorized and played along. And one of us was not so interested and I, I forgot, I forgot how you win this show. And it's not by participating in the show and that's on me and you know, it's, I've no one to blame it myself. And that's okay. I've been weighed, I've been measured and I've been found wanting.


So what can you do? I've also been weighed. You know, if you'd have mentioned like the buyer fringes or the Cleo Crowism of, you know, Glab salt, maybe you would've done a few more. It's unremarkable as to those aspects of its minerality. Those are just words related to minerality. Did you talk about its con coital fracture? You didn't even mention its hardness on the mo scale. I literally read about its conco. It's it's mos hardness. It's like 1.2. It's unremarkable. It still has one. It still has one. Just because something might be below average does not mean that it's not worth mentioning. You Were pushing me to find out why Glauber Salt is interesting and useful.


Not that it exists and there are numbers that describe it accurately. What's A hackley fracture? See, you don't even know about hack. I learned more about Glover salt than you even knew. You're Right, you're right, you're right. It's also known as a jagged fracture Obviously, obviously. Anyway, good work Wade. Good episode. I am the very model of a scientist sole. Anyway, with that we're gonna finish this episode that quote from Shakespeare. Such a lovely, lovely, lovely quote there Known for his patter songs. Thank you for listening. Be sure to follow the podcast. Check out our merch at Distractible store.com. D-I-S-D-R-H-D-I-B-L-E-S-E-O-R e.com.


And also check out Bob and Wade at their respective social medias. My name's Mark bla. We'll see you when Wade hosts the next episode. Have a good day podcast Out.