
This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery, breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken. Sauce goes on Chicken new mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for dipping only at McDonald's. This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring.


They have the best deals for your yard, up to half off, off select plants and other deals. Plus, they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible. Offer is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made. Why This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it Most hint, it's Uber. What about me? When I show up to your house at 3:00 AM that's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, it would've been really nice if you had told me that you just left me out to drive for no reason.


Hey Bob. Sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way. So you could be on yours, Uber, on our way. This episode of Distractible is brought to you by DOOM. The Dark Ages. It software presents DOOM, The Dark Ages, a dark fantasy sci-fi experience that brings epic combat and over the top visuals to the legendary DOOM franchise dominate demon infested battlefields with devastating weapons. Soar on a Mecca dragon and witness the creation of a legend as the Slayer takes on hell itself. Do The Dark Ages launches. May 15th on Xbox Series X and S, PlayStation five and PC pre-order Now bring it in for mature.


Good evening gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode Wooden Wade admits the weeping claims Penry that asks questionable quandaries made and fair. Mark frightens Yogi with Dee's nuts has issues with halting James McCarthy and avoids a ectomy ball bashed. Barb gets soaring haunts Dongs performs covert nudity and wants to taste Beaver from a frozen open to Mr. Silver. Yeah, it's time for IDK some cues.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. I know. See Countdown or I missed Countdown. I saw Countdown. Countdown was right There. Oh, you just missed five whole seconds of countdown. Yeah Man, I'm really on it today. Over the top rage. Keep this in. This is the cold open editors. This is the start of the episode. Don't, don't let 'em off the hook. This might be part of it too. Welcome back to Distractible Editors. You heard him Keep it in whatever it was. That's Perfect. It's so funny. Everyone will get it. I'm the host of today's episode. I'm Wade joined by Mark and Bob, that's me staring at you to give you an opening to say things.


Oh, Hi. Oh, sorry. Okay. Oh, okay. Hello. And they're gonna be competing for points in today's episode if you've never tuned in. This is pretty standard for the kind of shit you're gonna see in here. Very sorry. My nose itches professionally as it should. Us being ourselves, probably not following the script of whatever events we've got planned. I've got planned as being the host, but it is what it is. You're here, you're bored. Hopefully life gets better for you and hopefully we contribute to that. So you're welcome in advance. We usually start by telling each other about how things are going. Small talkie type stuff. So we'll do that again today. How are things going?


Mark you first with words. God, bear Cow. You heard it here first. What do we do with animals? I don't know. It was a bear Not here. Here. How close, how here? Like visiting, staying with you or There was a bear. I legitimately, so I was already in bed and Amy goes like, mark and I run 'cause it sounded urgent. And I get over there and there's a fucking bear. Just like out in the yard Outside right there. Oh man. That's fun. There's a glass door and so I, it's just a fucking bear. It's not huge.


Right. But it's big. It's, it's about like, It wasn't like a cub, it was like a, a grown bear. It seemed like a adolescent bear. A White Sox. Yeah. Yeah. But it was a bear. So it was like about, so you remember Lucy, the bear, Lucy? My my mom's? Yeah. Lucy The Bear. Oh, the dog. Yeah. Okay. So about that size. So great. Pyrenees size, definitely bigger than Chica. And apparently, and I checked the security cameras. Chica had been sleeping in her bed, which is right by the, the glass door there. And the bear had come up and just was like at the window staring at her. And then her, you see her head go and they just stare for a while and the bear go like, pause the glass, like, like right on the glass.


So Chica gets up, wags. Then Henry comes over, looks, looks over at the bear and they're both just like nose to nose on the glass, no barking, no nothing. And then Amy sees obviously and is like a bear. And I run in and I'm like, Hey, got out here, bear, Get outta here. Just like that. Hey, you better leave. You are trespassing. I will call the police. Well actually, so the bear went around and then we heard rustling in our trash cans. And I go like, oh no. Oh no. So I get a stick and I go outside and I just start whacking the stick on the ground trying to make noise. And that scared it off for a second. I went back in it came back to the trash cans.


And then I, I just went out there and I started like chucking a cardboard box at it and that scared it. And then it just went off. It was a bear. I've never seen a bear in person outside of like a zoo or anything like that. I've, I It was a bear. You just had to find a way to face down the bear. Face to face in person. Huh? My options stick cardboard box. That'll do it. Yeah. Why not? What? I'm not gonna get my boar spear and go kill the bear. I don't need to kill it. I just need to keep it for, because it gets through the trash. It's gonna make an ungodly mess. It's gonna go all over the place and I'll have to clean it up and I don't wanna do that. You should have Grabbed a trash can lid to use as a shield and then charged it. All right.


That's an option. I had a stick and a cardboard box, so that's what I chose. All right. Threw the box and then scared it. This, this bear was like, it obviously wasn't desperate and ready to kill. Most bears aren't, especially if they're in a populated area. But I've never seen a bear around here. That's Crazy. I don't think there have really been bears around here. So yeah, bear Also, I'm not entirely surprised, but I'm like at the tiniest bit surprised that you don't just happen to own that bear defense outfit that we've talked about multiple times. That that dude sped his whole life inventing and refining so that you could, you could withstand an attack from a grizzly bear.


Like I know, I know that you don't own that. But also if one day you were just like, oh my bear, my bear outfit showed up, I ordered one And it just, it just got dropped off on a pallet. I would just kind of be like, yeah, He has like an Iron Man assembly where like the floor lifts up and Amy comes over and puts like a paw on his hand. Garvis. I appreciate that, I appreciate that. But this was, it was obviously, I think it was a black bear, just real small. There's no grizzly bears in these parts I don't think. Or maybe, I don't know. No, those are in Memphis. If it would, it'd be surprising. But yeah. So yeah, bear it was crazy. It's pretty cool. It Was cool. It was very cool.


Except for going outside at any point I would've been there in that situation. I would've been like, wow, that's cool. Wow, look at that. Wow. It was, yeah, Amy and I afterwards were just like, that was really cool. It was a bear. And then the pups weren't scared that much because I think through the window it just looks like a big dog. But as soon as they got outside and the bear was gone, this is the next day we didn't let 'em out at the same time. Case in case that was like the kid bear. And the mama bear was nearby On the roof. Like waiting with like a, A bucket way. A bucket a bucket Mama on top of the bucket. Like yeah. Come out here. There's actually a bear swat team touched just around the corners out of sight. Like this always works. The humans will come out any second now. So, but as soon as they went out and they started sniffing around, she could, doesn't care.


She's, she's so brave. Honestly. TCA TCA's only been scared of one person in her life ever. But this, this occasion Henry was, as soon as he started sniff, he's like, oh no. Oh no. And he wouldn't go past the porch. He was just like, there's a bear. That's good instincts. He's good instincts. Yeah. That's A big muscular pee. I wanna avoid that one. Do you think bears hike their legs when they pee? I mean maybe. I dunno. Well you mean like dogs? Yeah, like they squat. I mean they probably, I think they stand up on their back legs, put their paws like this and just start pissing Straight up.


I thought they used trees. It's like to imagine like a bear, like they're hungover, they go up to a tree and they're just like, oh god. They actually came to Mark's door 'cause they brought a toilet paper. They wanted some Charmin. Oh, you guys had the Charmin bears in your yard. I see, I see. I wish we just had cocaine, beer. So sad. We know Smokey's not in California. Is that a bad joke to make? That's probably a bad joke to Make. What was the joke? Because there's fires in California Is that He's the only, you could prevent forest fires and you all had fires recently and you know I'll take away. Yeah, take, take a point away. That'll make up for it. You know what you did.


Can I see my pen? Oh, is someone not prepared? Someone not doing their hostly duties right here? Well I look, is it too early for me to already say that I'm just a fake woodworker. I had this conversation about being a car guy where I was like, oh I got my cool car and then I felt fake about it. It's been busy. It's been busy. We had guests over the weekend and lots of other excuses. I haven't actually done any like work in the garage, like woodwork stuff in like a couple weeks at this point. But because I've been so diligent and working so hard, I bought another saw off fake posts marketplace.


So you know. Nice. Are you saws like Mark's lensing. I say you're even more of a woodworker. I mean these are, these are I bought the other kind of saw that you need. So the first one I got was a miter saw, which is the one where you pull it down and you get me. This one is a table saw. It's small and I'm gonna, so I can hang it up on the wall of the garage outta the way. It's like a job site table saw. But if this is what you need to like rip long things into long sticks of whatever widths you so choose, right? Ooh. It's a different type of sauce. So you kind of need a table saw for a lot of stuff you're gonna want to do. Also, you could do cross cuts on it And it came with a miter gauge.


So I could do other kinds of Mitre cuts and I'm a real woodworker. I just don't ever touch wood or screw anything together or do anything like that. But I'm a real woodworker boy. That's my, I do. I'm real. It's real. I Want you to know your point for this is I got a two by four and the only prescription is more saw be Oh 'cause of the Don't know why, but it's what I thought of and that's why I wrote it down. Yeah, I'm really funny Sometimes Watching you guys look more depressed after each joke is kind of not what I'm going for today.


I was trying to come with you. I just didn't. That was a big, there's a big step in there. No, immediately both of you looked like the happiness in your life had been drained and all good memories were gone. I was just trying so hard to come along on your journey. But that's, I failed. It's a good thing I'm a host today, not a competitor. 'cause I would, I looked disappointed 'cause I failed myself. Not because of what you did. You both looked like I'd slapped you in the face and killed your families rather than told a joke. And so that, that kind of says it all. I don't think that's how I would look if you did that. I think I would look different than that. Some days the comedic genius just doesn't awaken and today apparently is one of that days for me. It's fine. It happens. So you're woodworking.


You don't do anything with the wood except for saw it. I don't even saw it, but I have saws for it. So that's pretty legit if I do say so myself. So you have wood, you have saws. Yeah. You never combine the two. I did a little and then I was like, ah, I don't think that's right. And so I'm not gonna do that anymore. But if I ever need to saw wood, if that comes up maybe in a different context. You got two saws? Yeah, two saws. I mean technically four saws depending on how you count 'em and how crazy you want to get. But Four saws, Johnny, Two big two, two man saws, and then two sort of boy saws. You know How many packs of saws a day Becoming a chains sawer.


Funny. That was good. I like that one. Yeah, that was good. When I don't have a chainsaw though. Ow. What was it? Did you fucking hear that? Yeah, it was somehow, I just had a fidget spinner in my hand that was perfectly silent And it hit the mic stand and then bounced into my crotch and then hit the leg of my desk really loudly. We heard all the bounces. So now I'm sad and my nuts hurt a little and I don't know where the fuck it went. It's like gone forever. Well, whatever. Anyway, I'm gonna finish James' table someday. It's a six month project. Really? And I'm only two months in, so Okay got, I got a lot of time.


He'll be like in college, his third year of college. He'll be like, James, I've been working on this your whole life. It's finally ready. It's like a fisher price sized like table. I'm gonna have to cut some parts out if I want to get it done by then, but I think I can make it happen. Cool. Chainsaws and bears. No, I don't have a chainsaw. I gotta keep bringing that up. Sorry. Good talk. I have got nothing else new. I think I shared all of my new stuff. That's life I guess. No, nothing happens. That's life. Are you okay Wade? This seems I, I don't know. I don't think so. Oh, so look, I'm still wearing the same shirt so you guys can tell that either I've been having a hard time or this is recorded the same day as the last episode.


I thought the last Episode went fine. You won. I I figured that was happy. I'm just, I'm still not mentally recovered from winning. No. A couple things that happened yesterday, one was not great. Two was watching the last of us. I get emotional man. I'm an emotional person. When I watch shows and movies sometimes I'm the guy who'll sit there like tears streaming down my face. Then I'll go watch like 10 other people react to something so I can cry along with them too. I'm not, okay, I'm sorry. Not okay. I'm sorry. Thank you. Should I send you some flowers or something or No Flowers. Chocolate. Are you milk chocolate or dark chocolate?


Mark, I need you to buy the rights to the last of us so we can make it again. Why do I gotta do this? Well you buy the rights to the last of us. Yeah Mark. Because I'm a broke ass bitch. You're not at all. Just 'cause you refuse to buy a car. That actually means you have more money sitting around How much money to buy the last of us ip. I don't think that's gonna really come up on Google. It didn't. It's at least $10 according to my search. Right? Well you Can afford it. That's Almost evident. True. That's more than I'm willing To spend. Who made this?


Is it Naughty dog who made last of us? Who's the publisher? They made the game. I don't think they made the television show. Naughty dog, blah blah, blah blah. Worth a dollar. At least a dollar. I think between one and $10 at least to buy this. I just am not willing to spend that. This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you just when you need it most. That's what Uber is all about. Like when Wade's house was flooding and falling into pieces all around him and you showed up just when he needed you to so you could film it and exploit it for views on the internet. No. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way.


So you can be on yours, Uber, on our way to your house, Wade. All right. Anyway, today's topic. I wrote down the title for this episode as IDK some Qs. Okay, QS as in questions. Questions I assume. Yeah, it's just called, I don't know, some Questions. I've got some a's maybe some B's. C is the next letter. I got some D's. Nuts. Got 'em. Air horns put air horns at. It's a lot of imagination on our end for that, but I can hear it. The editors do that thing where you have my hand detached and I have to you, you do do it in reverse.


So that lands right here every time. Wha That TikTok filter. Ah, it's really easy to do actually once you know how it's done. Yeah. Boom. Even I can figure out how you do that and that's really bad. 'cause I don't know anything about anything when it comes to editing. After my smokey and saw be thing, I should have had the editors just disappear me from the whole episode. And you guys get a two mandate the rest of the way, but it's too late. I'm still in it. So Can't leave now. That's fair. All right, first question. I've got I guess flip a coin and see who goes first. Mark, you're on my left. You'll be heads. Bob, you're on my rights to Tails. I'm standing now, so there's gonna be a lot more movement on my end Heads.


Mark, you go first. Yes. Yeah, Bob, I've been standing since the last time we talked about standing and we all communally did that, so I really should do that. It's really good. It's so good. It's Great. I sit a lot. You have a standing desk. You could, You could, You won't. Don't Minus the point for both of you for suggesting such a horrible thing to Me. No bald. You won't. I just said don't Too late. You said you could. I said you could but don't. First Question Mark. You're have a first. What is the worst job to bring your kid to work too? Oh, this is two sentence horror story. Oliver, again, I'll lead you in. It was bring my kid to Workday.


Unfortunately, I work at the No Kids Allowed store. The Scary Factory. Scary. I don't know why this is such a brain block. Whenever I try to put this format into my head, it doesn't work good for me. But hold on, I got this. Just let me think. I Am Bob. I guess you have plenty of time to think of your answer. I already, I had my answer immediately. So I'm ready and I'll have to load it. I'm just enjoying this. Woo. You you need a prompt mark to come up with longer form answers so he doesn't seal. Feel so punished. I got it.


That's a bad idea. That's the point. It's a bad idea. Yeah. Ah, but it's not a, it's not clever. It's too obvious. It's too obvious. I'm I I need to be more cerebral. Don't worry. I've got the obvious one. All Right, good. A lot of answers you could get. Yeah, but there's a, ah, I'm trying to get the points here. I'm just not joke again. Poop shoveler, McDonald's. Oh no, those aren't correct. Book in the library. Youtube.com/market player. I should have started a timer. I'm curious how long this is going On now.


Well, that's all the time we have for today's episode. Thank you all for tuning in. I hope this is just uncut watching you struggle for three minutes. I, I I got it. I got it, I got it. I, okay. The whatever, whatever factory the poppy playtime universe is set in, I'm pretty sure right kid to there it dead. And you all dead. That would be a terrible, well I was assuming you work there, right? Because you're bringing a kid to your work. So you know you work at Poppy's Playtime and you're like, come on little Johnny. Time to go. That's how he ends up only having two toes or whatever it was. Two foot Johnny was it? Two toes, Johnny? Four Toes. Two toes. Johnny. Two toes. Johnny? Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna give you a point for quick answer.


Thanks. Thank you. Bob. What's the worst place to bring your kid to work to? It's definitely the worst place. Bring your kid to work. To would be to your job at the Philide factory. I was expecting one of you to say like strip club or, well, I thought of that. I was saw the strip club, The Philide factory. Do You know what philide is or are you just laughing? No, I I do. The kid kill. In fact, your kid kill factory, right? Yes. Yes. A family killing. Familial side. Philide Philide. It would be when a parent kills their own child. It'd be bad. It'd be a bad place for bring your, bring your kids to work day. That'd Be the worst place. Yeah. That's pretty bad for the kid.


I guess Mark's answer was so long that I, in my own head I was like, that's a great answer. Ooh, I don't know. Oh, it stinks. No, commit to it. Oh it's so good. And by the time I said it out loud I was back to, oh that's so stupid. Oh no, no it's not. I got another one. We went through The five stages of grief. You have another one. Oh, okay. Yeah. The clown testing factory where they test the clowns. What goes into clown testing? Are these evil clowns or something or? Well this Is why it's the testing factory. You gotta make sure that they're not scary. Do I get a second one? Sure. Be really bad to bring your kid to work when you work as a jungle.


Gym equipment safety tester. Hey boys and girls, welcome to Jungle Gyms. I love the trolley. Well the first 10 kids didn't. Oh, oh. Cincinnati referenced too. You know, people were a little disappointed that we didn't at all in the Cincinnati Travel Glide episode. Even mention Jungle Gyms as a thing that existed. That is on us. Yeah, It's a bit of an oversight I guess. So for me, I've always lived here so it's hard to think about things that are specifically here. 'cause Jungle gyms, the thing about jungle gyms is it's a global food store. Whenever you think of Cincinnati, it's weird to think of a place that all they bring is stuff from all over the world rather than something Cincinnati exclusive. I think maybe that's why we didn't think of it. Well, For me it's like it's just a funky grocery store.


It's big. So in my head I've been to it so many times 'cause my mom loves shopping there that it's just a grocery store. So I don't ever think of it like a place to go. Yeah. We grew up with access to it, so it's like the place we can go if we want food directly from the UK or Japan or whatever. Yeah, I didn't grow up with it. I'm just hard to impress so I didn't make the list. Damn. Bob, you're first on this question. What would be your final words to your killer? Is this an honest answer or a, if I'm answering completely honestly, it'd probably just be like, whoa, stop. Wait, No, More than likely. Oh I got, I got, I got 5, 4, 3, 2.


And then see if he runs away scared or something. Oh man. It should have been Dick cock Dick. No. Then he'd think Unas on us. Oh no. Yeah, That'd be like, oh, I love doing dishonest. I'm glad you brought it back one more time. He's doing The thing right now. Oh wow. Any final words? Yeah, what are your final words? Oh, I didn't think of turning the tables on the killer. Okay. Any other answers to that one before I move on? If I was feeling clever, I might also hit him with the, if I see the attack coming, just be like, wait I'm already dead. And see if they, see if they believe me and maybe just give up and run away.


Grab The knife. You can't kill what's already dead. Okay. You don't even need to do the cutting. If you're stabbed bleed on the ground, he is got his knife in your yard and you're like, you always already dead. That's a pretty good, pretty good. Last words. I'm Oh, it's your penis. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mark the place you'd least like to be caught naked. Okay. This is gonna be a weird answer, but I mean the shower, because why am I being caught? Why am I being caught? I think that would be a really unpleasant place and I'm naked. Worst place to be naked. The shower. I mean it's true. I don't wanna be caught. No to be caught. No, he's right to be caught naked.


That's exactly right. That's the correct answer. I can't even be mad about it. Do you agree? I mean, I'll come up with my own answer, but I think Mark's very on point with that one. God one of us does. I definitely would not want to be caught naked in Wade's house. Why? What's wrong with being naked in my house? Well, I, being covertly naked in your house was really fun. But if I had been caught there would've been some slinging to do, I assume. I mean, yeah, that's fair. I guess it also, depending on where you were but Or what my cheeks had been on, I mean caught naked. I didn't mean like captured just like you people see you naked. Yeah. Well I didn't want you to catch me so Well then Yeah, the shower Makes a perfect answer. It perfectly makes sense.


But like, if you're just naked in your bedroom, that's okay. Like then it's okay to be caught naked. It's less weird for someone to be in your bedroom and you're naked than for someone to be in the bathroom with you while you're showering and you're naked. There's a skylight in my bathroom and occasionally I do, I I look up and I'm like, someone better not be peering over, you know, looking down at me. I do check it Elon's like my heart goes on for you. It's a pun. Is it? Anyway, it's fine. Okay. Forget being caught. What's the place you'd least like to be? Naked Space. Ah, I was gonna say the moon. That would be worse. 'cause then you get all the moon dust in your crack fiberglass factory.


Real life laser maze. You really want some kind of skin tight thing to hold all your bits tight so you don't get, you know, lasered Floppy joe's. I don't know what that is, but just, I like the word. Is that a place? I don't know. I'm taking another point away. It's fine. That's fair. He's going into the negative today. I'm already negative too. Wade's angling to get the bonus point for Lost most points in this episode. I will win today's episode somehow. Bob, I think you're first this time. Which Disney villain has the coolest hair? I mean it's gotta be Hades from Hercules. Oh Damn. That's such a good, ah fuck. It's just, it's just actually blue fire. Like that's sick. Oh, That was the answer. I Could think of a couple other ones.


That is, That's a, that's a great answer. That's A great answer. I don't know my v my Disney villains too. Well, so I can't exactly say I would be able, I can, I can't think of any. Cruela Had the black and white thing going. That was one of the ones I thought of eighties with the fire. I mean, is It doesn it get cooler than the fire because He both has hair and also is bald when someone goes, whew. I love bald. Basically pandering with my answer. Yeah, I, I got nothing. Does the vacuum from brave little toaster count as a villain or no? The is the vacuum the bad guy? Who's the bad guy? No vacuum's part of the crew. The furnace. Is that the furnace? The bad guy in that? Yeah. There's some big recycling thing or something like that. There's The big like metal thing that sucks up the cars. That's one of the antagonists I think.


Right? The magnet. Oh that was scary when I was a kid. I did not care for that. The whole movie was terrifying. It really was. Every image I see, I looked up brave little toaster. Literally every image I see inflicts like discomfort and fear in me. Oh, I thought you were gonna say every picture I see there's this goddamn toaster. What the fuck is going On? It looks so brave. He doesn't look Brave at all. He's Always scared. Oh, the air conditioner. Oh god. I hated the air conditioner. Yeah, The air conditioner is pretty scared. I thought of one that Wade might like. Oh, this is not a Disney villain. Nevermind. That's just a random villain from a movie I thought of. You can name it. Anyway, The aliens from Mars attacks.


Oh God, Yeah. What's balder than bald brain? That's true. Hairless brain. That's the purest bald you can be Hairless, wrinkly brain. Like a freshly shaven scrotum head. Sorry, I missed what we were talking about. I was looking at the air conditioner dying in brave little toaster and how that, Oh that was satisfying. No, it's not satisfying. I, that fucked me up as a kid. I, I repressed this memory of this, this air conditioner like exploding and I same. I hate that. I hate it. Yeah. That was a fucked up scene. Mark is underwear designed more to protect you or your pants? I'm thinking pants.


Okay. It must be right because that's the, the human body is all kinds of disgusting. So we just try to, we made a diaper that is socially acceptable. That's underwear, Right Bob? I mean it's definitely there to protect you. Obviously it's, there are zippers, there are seams. Have you ever worn any of the pants that you wear on a regular basis without underwear? Because you will discover that the inside of your pants is not remotely as safe as the inside of your underwear. First. Some pretty specific bits, but some pretty important bits. I think. I don't remember which way I was leaning going into this, but I lean both ways now.


Good for you man. Yeah, that's fair. I, I don't know, maybe there's not more than one answer to this one, but I just, I I thought of this question and I couldn't unthink it. Why don't square pizzas come in round boxes, but round pizzas come in square boxes Because square pizza couldn't, wouldn't fit in a round box. I mean it could, But the square hole, everything goes in the square hole. I just like that phrase. Everything goes in a square hole. It's like a trend on TikTok of that. Probably still going on. Yeah, It's a, it's a, it's a meme. I don't know that one of it That's right. Goes in the square hole And then the one person always dueting it and getting traumatized by it.


Yeah, You know what it is? It's because of the shape of the bags, the, the delivery bags that pizzas are delivered in. If companies would start making round bags for them to put the pizzas in to stay warm, then the box companies would have to make round boxes. But the companies make square bags. So what are you gonna do? You can't put a round box in a square bag. That's like putting a round pizza in a square box. But if everything goes in the square hole, why can't the round box go the square bag? A bag is not a hole. A bag is a container. Don't you dare equate those two things. What if you cut the bottom of the bag out, then it's just a hole That's called the tube. We've talked about this damnit And that.


That's just A pre cannoli. I knew you, I knew it was going to damnit. Well, if you knew it well I'd just ask in the first place. 'cause I wanted to get there. The real answer that's very boring is I'm not gonna say it. Oh I'll say it. No, it wasn't Lobbyists for big square. That's square lobby. Bullshit is why that's a thing. And that's the only reason you Know super packs. Well they made super squares and it's just, you know, it's just a way for them to funnel more money into the square hole. What about super fanny packs A square puts hundreds of millions into congressional campaigns around the country. It's unbelievable.


Super Fanny packs. There's a reason Square on. Went bankrupt. Square on, square on. I was gonna say mobile. Is it mobile? ExxonMobil? That's a company. Yes. I hear mobile now. I just think mobile games are like a phone. But it's gas. But it's not on your phone. But it's still mobile 'cause it moves. I'll take another point. Mark. You have to retake your test for your driver's license. Which part will you struggle with? Written and driving. You have to do both. Oh Man. Okay. What, what would you Struggle with if you had to retake your driver's test? I used to be so confident about stop sign, like etiquette. Okay. But I think the rules from Ohio and California are different.


What? Like who goes first if you approach it at the same time? Depending on the direction. I think it's like direction dependent. Right? So my etiquette is right of way means whoever's on the right has the right of way. Right. Yeah. But then there's some other rule on the California thing is just about left turns in there and I'm like, it's not the the left. No one Cares about left, left of way. No, I, I think I would struggle. I I, Oh actually no I know that rule. All my confidence is gone. The Rule is I know this one you must always give way to the right unless anyone's turning left because fuck them.


That's the rule left. Yeah, if you're turning left, fuck you, you go last. It's something about that. So I, yeah, I just, because I have no confidence anymore about that one. I don't know. I don't know what to do about it. We need more roundabouts. I can't deal with stop signs. Oh roundabouts. I did not like roundabouts when they first started appearing 'cause they were new and different. I don't like new and different but now that they're old and same, I like them. No Roundabouts still feel dangerous man. Like most people, especially if they're from the area where the roundabouts are, most people have come to grips with exactly mostly what you're supposed to do. But if you get some random out of towner or some delivery driver who's not like, doesn't do this normally or something, they always, they still feel so fucking dangerous.


So many times where I've had like a, like a spidey sense where I'm like, I think this like I'm on the inside, someone's on the outside and I'm like I think this person my right might be fucking idiot. And I just like give them space and then they do that thing where you just go straight through the circle and cut into the lane or whatever and I'm like I knew it. The thing I've never seen happen but I feel like has to 'cause of the location of some roundabouts is what happens when a semi or an 18 wheeler has to go through a roundabout. Well they just drive right, right. The fuck over those things. No they don't care. Yeah. 'cause some of 'em do not seem like they're well designed for a semi to like go through. I've, I've never seen one go through like a normal residential roundabout. There's some locations where they have to go and they'd have to go through one but I've never seen one do it.


I've seen semis absolutely decimate like bushes in the middle of a roundabout 'cause they, the front they were going around and the back was just like, Yeah 'cause like that just seems like such a It happens. Yeah. Overthought or oversight. Overawed over sighted thing In Austin. The roads in Texas are crazy as it is. But they do have roundabouts there and there's this one in Austin where I think I have seen trucks go through there and they just take up both lanes. That's, that's all there is to it is they, they're gonna take up both lanes. There's nothing else to do. But some roundabouts are just one lane. They just wedge in there. They just go, they do what they gotta do. That's terrifying. No, you know what I've seen that is the craziest thing in a roundabout is in my neighborhood where I grew up, we had one road that was a residential road And it was a 25 mile an hour speed limit.


But it was kind of the road that went like straight through the neighborhood from end to end. So it was a good, if you needed to get through around the neighborhood, people would just blast down that thing and like 45 miles an hour and like my senior year of high school, they narrowed that road a whole bunch and then put a bunch of roundabouts in it. Man, I saw several instances of someone who was just like, oh, I'll take the shortcut and just straight ahead like twice the speed limit and ramped off of the roundabouts. 'cause they weren't like hard curb roundabouts. They were like gentle and like literally, you know, soccer moms driving big suburbans or whatever would just like didn't stop, didn't seem to hurt the car or anything.


I'm sure coffee went everywhere or whatever. But that's fun to watch from outside. I'm sure nothing bad's ever happened because of that. It'd be fun to be in the back if you live. Yeah. As long as everyone's fine. I'm sure it's great. School buses on roundabout. I don't know. It's a thought. Bob, what would you struggle if you had to retake your driver's test? I would be fine on the written part and I would be fine on the driving part, but they would give me so much shit for how bad my vision is. They make you do the peripheral vision tests and they make you do the reading tests and they make you do it without your glasses. No matter how much you tell them that you don't do anything without your glasses. 'cause you can't see shit. And then they're like, Ooh, are you legally blind?


Are you allowed to drive? And I'm like, no, I'm not blind. I wear glasses. Look, I'll put my glasses on, it'll be fine. They always gimme a hard time about that and I hate it. I'm really bad at it. I would struggle. I actually haven't gone to update my driver's license since I got my eyes fixed. So I have on my license still needs corrective lenses, but I don't need them anymore. I wouldn't struggle with that. You're gonna get in trouble. They're gonna be mad at you. My lenses are Corrected. Good thing the police have their their four opters and stuff with them so when they pull you over they'll be like better. One, two. It looks like you are seeing 2020. Look into the izer.


I'm gonna need to give you a a field vision test. Look into this and blow. I mean just look into this. Sorry. That's the other one. Is The hot air balloon getting clearer? Good? Is it getting closer? How about now? How about now? What's an unconventional animal? This is to you Bob. An unconventional animal whose milk nobody drinks but you think might be good. Couldn't tell you why beaver Beaver milk. I think just, it just sounds like a thing that would be good. I don't know much about beavers. They seem cool. They're very cute. Just like if I saw beaver milk on a shelf somewhere, that's one where I'd be like, huh, try it.


Okay. Beaver milk mark. Well, I mean, nothing's really jumping to mind of appeal. Mm. Not a good start man. But, but, but, but, but I can do this two sentence horror story structure if you'd like. No, I Got an answer. Okay. You convinced me that noise is, you know what convinces me? It's that noise. Does it have to be A mammal because No, Just animal Alligator milk. That sounds like a colloquial drink that is served somewhere where there's alligators and I'm thinking that might not be terrible. That might not be till bad. That's like what they call moonshine in Louisiana. Eat Milk.


Okay. I was thinking one of those like antelopes, like in the Lion King that have like the big curvy horn things or whatever. Antelopes. They're just antelope. Yeah, that's what I said. I'm just describing one for some reason That's just, they're too similar to the animals that we already drink milk from. I don't, I've never had deer milk aren't antelopes moon Milk. I'm gonna milk the moon. I just think antelopes look chill. Do they have some chill milk? Who am I? A James McCarthy milking the moon. Got him. Gotta get your biannual. A James McCarthy jabs in.


You think he thinks about your time? He takes a photo of the moon now. He's like, I hope Mark appreciates this one. Maybe who knows One passion in life and you've taken it from him because you said you hate the moon. I I highly doubt I've stolen it from but there's always hope. There's always hope. Who went first on that one? Bob? Did you? You did. I think so. Mark, you're first on this one. What is the most pointless lie you've ever told? You lied about it and you're like, why did I lie about that? What is the most pointless lie I've ever told? I'll give you a moment. I'll tell you what I did. I remember going to school and I think Dragon Ball was on the previous day and I watched the Dragon Ball Z episode and one of my friends was like, Hey, did you see the dragon balls the episode yesterday? And I said, no, but I had, and then like after I lied I was like, you could have had like a cool conversation about that.


Why did I lie about that? Oh Ed, I was like, did you not want to talk about that? Or I had no reason. I just like the way they asked it. Like they're like, I forget how they, they asked it, but they asked it in a way that made it feel like my answer should be no. So I said no. Then I was like, I had no reason to lie about that. I just felt like I should School and early school days is ripe for that because there's been plenty of times where, you know, I bit of a loner but also I was like, man, I wish I had friends hanging out with, so before I remember as a kid I would, people would be like, Hey, you wanna go do X, y, z go hang out here. And I'd go, no, I'm, I'm busy. Even though I would've loved to like just for some reason just like no I, I could. Ah, I wish but no and I just wouldn't because I was so awkward and like I couldn't wrap my head around social conversations properly that I would just like, I would just say I was busy when I wasn't.


Dunno, why is that The most pointless lie? I probably, I can't think of anything too specific. That's Fair Bob. The most pointless lie I've ever told is that I have a soft rubber ball in my left hand right now. Is it in your right hand? Where's the ball? Where is it? Where's the ball? Where's the Ball? I don't have access to a soft rubber ball. You just set it down on your desk. Where is it? Where Is the ball? Where's the ball? If I had a ball it would be halfway across the room right now. 'cause I would've dropped it already. No, you have It. You have the ball. We are the puppies who want you to throw the ball and we know you have it. Where's the ball? I don't have one. I told you it is a lie And it was pointless.


'cause balls don't have points also because it didn't have any purpose. Well I don't like that lie but it is pointless And it was a lie And it was upsetting. Stupid. Right? Terrible lie. Why would I do that? What was the point? All right Bob, you're writing an autobiography about your life. What's the title? Memoirs of a Snake Wrangler. Are we the Snakes? No it's not a metaphor, it's just to make it sound more exciting. It's to bring in a different audience. If people who know who I am know that it's my autobiography anyway, the title doesn't really matter to them. But if someone sees that it's an autobiography called Memoirs of a Snake Wrangler, they might like if they're at the airport or something, they might just be like, oh a two hour flight.


As long as somewhere in there you call it the second most pointless lie you've told It's not. But that one has a point to sell books. I gotta make my publishers happy. Yeah, that is true. That's true. That is a point. Pointful Pointful lie Pointy. Pointy lie. Mark, what's title of your autobiography? I got a few options. A life full of promises. Nah, just big. Nah, Standing tall but falling short. Standing short but falling tall. Either one. I'll take both. Oh I had another one. I forgot Standing fall. But tall and short Memoirs of someone who absolutely is not a masochist. All right, I've got multiple questions left.


I feel like we've done a good number of these. Mark, what is the worst thing you could have a buy one. Get one free on That. I'm buying Yeah, a biopsy. That would suck. That Would suck if they were gonna do it like right then and there. How many times are you buying bad things? Where the fuck? It's okay, you gave me an answer. We can come back if you have to think of another one. Okay. All right, come back to me Bob, what's yours? If it's something I'm buying, You're buying and you're getting one free but wish you weren't. It would have to be a kick in the nuts. Okay. Why are you buying a kick in nuts? The nuts. I You didn't say it would have to be a thing that I would buy. That's true.


You said it is a thing that I'm buying for some reason I would not want the free one. I would see if I could just get the one and not get the deal. But you buy one, you get one free For some reason what I thought of was a divorce. Does it reverse it? Is it like a double negative? Well depending on who you are as a person that might just be a good savings. Like if you know you're gonna do it again, just Pre Get one for free and bank that, I guess that's true. I had testicular cancer in one nut and I paid for it and they took the other one for free. So you're, you're saying the nut ectomy? Yeah. Yeah, the nut ectomy. Oh Bob, you got another A fish sandwich from Long John Silver's.


Okay, hold on now. I will not accept long John Silver's slander here. Yeah, I like their fish and fry. Now granted their fries, they changed their fries to pot to the, to Potatoes. Yeah. I didn't think they were potatoes before. You're right. No, the, the waffles, Well you don't get the fries anyway. You get the hush puppies. Hush Puppies are good too but their waffle, I i their waffle fries are not as good to me as their original fries. And you get a lot less, they hardly give you any fries now Their discount, I forget what it, if it was Tuesday or Thursday, but their Baja fish taco deal got me through like between that and McDonald's dollar menu got me through college. Like it Was, I would rather eat White Castle than Long John Silvers. Oh come on. And White Castle's fine.


Yeah. Wait, what's going on? What's happening here? All of these things give me upset stomach. But if I gotta buy one, get one of, of, of a long John Silvers fish sandwich, I would be stuck on the toilet all night. It would be miserable. Yeah. Build up your tolerance. I wouldn't even eat 'em. I'd buy one get one just to throw 'em both away. You're the only two people I know who like Long John Silvers. I bet there's tons of people who are listening to this right now. Love Long John Silvers. I don't even have one in my area. I would go a lot more. I mean there's still open some places so someone goes there sometimes but literally every long John Silver I ever see is empty. The middle lunch rush empty one car in the drive through And it looks like they, they went there on accident 'cause they didn't know what restaurant it was like it.


I've never seen a busy long John Silvers. There's no such thing That makes me sad. I have waited in line in the rain for long John Silvers. There's just no way that was worth it. I liked it. Their batters good. They're Fish. I love Long John Silvers and in LA there's only one and it's down in, where is even is that? It's in Gardena so it's so far away. But it's a long drawn silver slash KFC and there's another one that's like way, way, way out east. So KFC is just subsidizing long drawn silvers in that situation. I mean pretty much. But K Ffc is basically just buying a bunch of frozen fish and throwing it away 'cause no one else comes in to buy It.


I get confused. Fish chicken, I don't know. Put one in the other. It don't matter. No long John Silvers is good. I will say I'm not big on Long John Silvers chicken. I like their Fish. I didn't even know they had chicken. You Can get a chicken meal or a fish meal. You know, I've not had it in a while. I kind of want it now. I'm gonna have that for dinner. Enjoy your toilet time. Oh man. Even moist critical made a video being like, who actually eats long gun silvers? I, I do. I'm not being facetious in terms of people I know in real life. Like friends, family, anyone. I actually know. Literally you two guys are the only two people I know who don't actively dislike Long John Silvers. I Like Long John Silvers.


If I asked in among friends and family, if I was ever like, Hey do you guys want Long John Silvers a fit? Everyone would be like, oh no. I really am hungry for long John Silver's. Now Look at this delicious fish from Long John Silver's. I love this fish. Ah yeah, Good long John Silver's meal. The old fries, the hush puppies. Look at this. I'm curious what the subreddits gonna say about This. Yeah. 'cause when, when you said sandwich it confused me because you don't get sandwiches really. You get like these diamonds of fish and you dip that in your tartar sauce and it's delicious. Or Ketchup. I like ketchup. I I, I'm gonna be honest, I don't actually know for sure what they have at Long John Silvers.


I haven't checked recently. I haven't gone since I was a child. They have good foods. What they have, They have good food. I think it's a conspiracy. A Long John Silvers or Fish's is dying in Cincinnati right now, which is very sad. I also love Fish's. It's dead. It's dead. Yeah. It's Basically all the way dead. There's Like three restaurants left. But Frisch's and Long Johns, the world's a better place with them in it. When we do this to each other, there's, it's always a thing where a bunch of other people are gonna be like, oh wait a minute. I like that. I can't wait to see the cricket downs of the sub Reddit of all, all six people who are gonna be like, I mean Long John Silver's is okay. I didn't, I haven't been there in a couple years, but it, it's fine.


Like if I, if I needed fish And it was the one place I, I could go there. I could go there. You're so mean. I'm not gonna lie, it was actually probably my favorite fast food chain at a certain point in my life. Oh Man, that's crazy. When I worked at Microcenter there was one right down the road. So I would take my lunch break, I would just go eat there Every day That I was working When Burger King had their nineties tenders, they were might've been my favorite. But You know, I'm not making fun of you for liking it either. I'm just shitting on the restaurant itself because I have strong opinions that are based on very little fact. But You get the bell Dingdong, I ate my Food.


I'm thinking back on it and I remember occasionally asking for Long John Silvers. I can't remember anybody else in my family ever asked me for. I'm not gonna fight that. Oh there's gonna be hundreds. It's like there's gonna be tens of us, maybe fives, There's at least someone else. I Genuinely like it. Look, there's still open Long John Silvers has been in business for decades. Clearly someone goes in there for some reason, your fish Is good. Maybe they have really good bathrooms. No they don't. Actually, I I, I would go to a fast food place if I needed a bathroom and I knew they all had really good bathrooms. Even if I didn't care for it, I would not want to go to any seafood restaurant for the bathroom.


Yeah. I wouldn't say I have fond memories of the Long John Silvers bathrooms that I went to. I don't think I ever ate in a long John Silvers maybe once. Oh, I did plenty of times. Yeah. I'm just fishing for reasons, you know. Stop Tart. That's not kidding you off the hook. I'm just casting my net out and seeing what I can find Fish. I would hope it would be fish. But you never know what you're gonna get from Long John Silvers. Stop the hate. I'm gonna calculate points. Oh, okay.


How many points did I get for my long John Silvers jokes I could make more. I gave no points for Long John Silvers to you. What about me? You got one for liking it Okay, Cool. All right, I'll take it. Well, I love Long John Silvers. How many points is that worth? Shut up. Our bonus spin is for dropping the most items. Oh yeah. No, I do that a lot, don't I? Yeah, Well you did And it was very comical 'cause it was like cartoonishly slow. But we heard like the clang Kirk Clump. Yeah, it happens. Splash. Wait, what's going on down there, Bob? Well, splat with a T. I just kind of didn't put the T of Splat. I actually put my standing desk over a hot tub.


He's right. Oh wow. Can't it? But I'm, yeah, My performance today was pretty mediocre, but I will defend long John's till the day I'm kicked off this episode or this pod today. Till today. For the rest of today. I'm fucking in favor of long John Silvers. I'll defend them till today. Do our wheel spins. Kidding me outta here. Oh, that's right. I do that. Oh, mystical wheel. Please give us some points. Hey. Ooh. Three. Okay. Three bonus points today. Look at that. It started off strong, but that's the first three we've had in a while. I'm ready for it.


Can't wait for our listeners and viewers to both get a point And it spin. Number one. Okay. Come on. Most callbacks. Callbacks. It really likes it. Does long John Silvers count as a callback? No, it doesn't count as a callback. I dunno if it's a callback, if it just keeps happening in the same bit. I did a two sentence horror story. Callback. Who's it? I, we, we all did I The moon. The moon. Man, That was a callback. I Talked about the moon. Well, no. Hey, James McCarthy. Oh, woo. That's true. That is two callbacks to previous, like whole episodes.


I think I was slinging callbacks. If I give you long Johns as a callback, I give, that's still, mark has two callbacks there. 'cause his whole moon bit and the Probably we've talked about getting kicked in the nuts previously, so that's probably a callback. That's a, that's a lit. I'm gonna say Mark gets a point for that one. No. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Spin number 2.4 listeners. Come on. Oh. Oh, this is tricky. This is tough. I have a purple background and a salmon colored shirt. So each of you would fit better in the other person's. Mark has a salmon colored background and a gray shirt.


Yeah, this is odd. Mark, Do your magical math. Everyone was really a fan of that on the subreddit. Were they? I don't actually, I don't think people said too much about it, but a couple of people were like, what the fuck happened to Mark? What? Why did he, is he okay? I'm doing what I'm doing is legitimate. I don't, oh God. How many? All right. Wait, what if you just pick No, no, no. It's much less scientific. All right, I'm gonna pick this area above my head. 'cause it's where the middle of the colors are blending, right? That sound fair? I thought you were intentionally trying to not show your shirt for this. I was like, that feels like cheating. No, I'm, I'm trying to get the color, average color of my background.


I'll give you access to as much of my background as you can. You get none of mine? Okay, I got mine. All right. Lemme see yours. Okay, I'm picking this spot like I did before where the purple meets the gray. Oh fuck God. Damnit. Fuck it. No, wait. Ah, I just went away. God, I never know where those go. Got that. I'm putting that in there. My shirt is shockingly uniform in color here. Yep, it is. All right. So I got that. Okay, I've got your background, your shirt, get in the light. Shout out to Seth Myers. Okay, someone write these numbers down for me. My shirt right about in the middle, right?


The gray right there. 4 0 2. A 2 9 4 0 2 A two nine. That's my shirt. The background is if I'm am in the middle is a E 5 4, 2 DAE 5 4, 2 D. Okay. And Bob's background. It should be similar to what it was before, but God knows all. Okay, we got two F1, 8, 4, 6. Okay. Okay. And then Bob's shirt 8 3 3 9 3 A. All right, so we converted to RGB, so we convert 4 0 2, a two nine, and a E 5 4, 2 D.


So that goes 64, 42, 41 to 1, 74, 84 or 45. That's very different for a total difference of 117.8. Bob, your 8, 3, 3, 9, 3 A and two F1, 8, 4, 6 was 1 30, 1 57, 58, 47, 24 70. A total difference. 91, his is more close. All right. Point for Bob. All that work for just a eh, Point for B. So much Fucking work. Oh, thanks buddy. All right, thanks, mark. All right. Last wheel spin. Thanks for all that work, man. You're welcome. Last wheelin.


I hope it creates a lot more work for Mark Point for viewers. God, Point for viewers. God. All right. I hope we're tied. This is gonna be statistically impossible by the end of this season. Like how many points went to them? Well, we got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Some of 'em started keeping track and they're like, our points should accumulate. So by the end of the season, we should win. We got five out of 22. So far are points for either viewers or listeners. So almost, almost a quarter of our spins are resulting in two of those out of our, however many is on the wheel currently.


It's a little crazy. Consider how many things are on the wheel. It's very crazy. Yeah. Can we declare that a coin time, 31, 2 out of 31 slices on the wheel have been drawn slightly less than a quarter of the time. That seems pretty unlikely. You guys ready for the point breakdown? Yeah. Yeah. Do it. Bob, you got points for bear? Smart Bear suit, Bear suit probably. Yeah. Jungle Gyms drop something needs more saw be fill aside. Stop. Wait, no. Don't remember what that was for My last words to my murderer, I think. Oh yeah.


Eighties hair caught naked at Wade's house. Soccer mom ramping, lying right now. Bearer in ate. Oh, beaver milk, beaver milk, snake wrestler. Kicking the nuts. And you lost a point for standing. Kind Of sounds like I got points for everything. I said No, I left out a lot of the, I left out long Johns and stuff like that. Didn't, didn't like that. Mark. You got points for bear these nuts And that's it. Wow. I be begun. I don't know what that actually says, but that's what I'm gonna assume. It says quick a mime. Pappy, What?


What the fuck happened? I can't read my handwriting. Quick minded Pop puppy. Is there someone about a puppy? No. It's right after clown testing. Poppy's Playtime. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pop's playtime Poppy. How is it? The countdown Naked in the shower. Protect pants, underwear. It looks like it says empathy. Gooey in square hole. What happened to my side? What I coin itching in my palm here. Everything goes to the square hole is what you Wrote. I gotta tell you that for some reason, the top half of these pages, my pen doesn't wanna write as well as it does on the bottom half.


So whoever I put on the top, it's a lot harder to read than whoever goes like in the middle or the bottom. Just the way it works, man. Middle or the bottom. How do you, how are you breaking these pages up? It's full. If only you could use No, you know what? That's fine. Do it the way you want. Hosen pants, Jamie, Stop sign. And as you lost the plate for stand milk, moon can't hang out. B biopsy, not a masochist, but you, you, you got 15 points, but you lost two. One for standing and one, one for won't be gone or whatever the hell I said earlier.


Alright. You know, Which got you 13, the wheel gave you one to give you 14. Bob, you had a 14, the wheel gave you one to get you 15. I'm finished with minus three viewers finished with plus one. So it's Bob by one point over. Mark. Mark by 13 points over the viewers. Then me. I feel like some of my points were really long And it could have been two merged together That I, so I can read my tallies really easily. I just can't read my descriptions really easily. Bob wins as long as you all think that's fair. Okay. I don't know what's real. I might struggle to read and write, but I can make tallies.


Mark. You could always is. Oh, You gonna go for the multiple wins? Yeah. What? What would be the stakes if I did? So either Bob gets two wins, things stay as is, or you win and Bob loses. I think, Yeah, I feel like there's a part of the constitution where the scorecard must be legible, and that was just a few too many illegible ones. I declare that there should be a recount because this no one even, he doesn't even know what he gave me points for and that is Unfair. Oh, he said it Unfair has been declared.


If we get three heads, mark is correct. You have to read them correctly. You have to, the episode will not end until you actually decipher what your writing was so that we can make This fair as the host. I declined that. So no, don't try to read now as the host, if Mark gets three heads, he'll just win. I think the host does get to decide what happens, but I like Mark's version. I get to petition what is unfair, and then he gets in There. If you lose, do you just lose twice or does Bob win twice or both? I Think either I win twice or Mark gives up a win. Yeah, that's That is true. We are keeping score of that. That doesn't matter.


Well heads for you. Tails for Bob. I got a head. Shit. I got heads Only Mark didn't get Mark. Only Mark can prevent Mark from winning. Sounds like what happened today was very fair. It was fair. It was deemed Fair. All right, whatever you say. And it sounds like I'm getting a new pen for the next one just in case. Took a lot of notes. I lost points for Smokey, floppy Joe's and Mobil. Well Mark being, as you are confirmed to have lost fair and square loser speech, I don't even remember what happened in this episode. Kind of flanked out there for a little bit, but I declared unfair.


And you know, honestly, I think the coin lied. I think this was still unfair. I will not abide by it, but I can't do anything about it. So I always love when I host an episode and before the episode's even over, it's been so forgettable that we don't even know what happened. Bob winner's speech. I think if there's anything we've learned over our years of doing this show, it's that coins don't lie. Coins know the truth. Coins are the ultimate fairness. Coins can't even be unfair because they're just coins. They have no will if their own, they just tell you what is or is not. I feel very vindicated that the coins confirmed how fair this episode was.


No matter how much shit I talk about Long John Silvers, I just can't lose a point if I try. I mean, it's fair. And so anyway, thank you to the coins and I guess thank you to Wade for not being able to write, but only on Mark's part of the paper. And I look forward to hosting the next episode as is fair and deserved. Oh yeah, I'm supposed to talk again now. I'm just still so disappointed in your dislike of Long John Silvers. I'll Do the outro if you want. No, it's okay. If you guys haven't already, make sure you follow Bob. Our winner. My SRM mark at Mark applier me the I'm the loser based on the points. Oh, that's true. No, that you right me. The loser at million seven.


Seven award million seven. Seven. Seven. Follow our viewers on the subreddit. They got third place. Pretty Good. Listeners do Better podcast app. This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new. Zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit Squeezed Lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So whatever the reason, wrap a Vitamin Water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass.


So.