
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime. Whatever you're into makes it even better. I like to randomly pick up hobbies. So does Mark Wade doesn't do much, but whatever Mark or I picks up a new hobby, you need it now And it comes. Comes with prime video and Amazon music because Prime makes it better. Or streaming to shopping, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. That's ama ZO n.com/p ie. And get more of whatever you're into.


It's that time of year everyone's trying to get healthy cardio or weights. Shaker smoothie Tai Chi or Tahitian Kickboxing. That is the sound of decision fatigue people luckily unsweetened Almond Breeze. Almond milk is an easy call with fewer calories than dairy milk and none of the sugar. It's the obvious choice. Find Almond Breeze at your supermarket. One cup of full dairy milk contains 150 calories and 12 grams of sugar versus one cup of almond breeze. Unsweetened Original contains 30 calories and zero grams of sugar.


Get the most anticipated new releases with a Disney plus Hulu Max bundle up for an adventure always on max. The HBO original, the white lotus returns. What is this place? Explore the Marvel universe with What if on Disney plus Avenger a symbol and on Hulu read between the lies on Paradise. You are the last to see the President alive plus so much more. Here we go. It's the ultimate bundle for an unbelievable price. With plans starting at 1699 a month terms apply, visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for details.


Good Evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Brighter Bob gets into Mr. Musk's briefs and calls for compassion wheezy Wade pawns bull, then playfully propagandize and becomes ome mammalian. Mark souls the riddle Steel Lord's watch duty and relates to harrowing tale of Man's deadliest foe with hurricanes countering Blamestorming and Cali Pride from storage sims to buying American. It's time for Knives, fire and pick up trucks.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show As Wade takes a huge drink. Hello and welcome to another episode of your favorite podcast. This is Distractible and I am your host for today. I forgot my name. I blanked. Furry was like half a second but I did pull a blank. My name is Bob. Is that right? Yeah. If you've never seen the show before, I'm the host 'cause I won the last one and the two other guys who are here will be competing to host the next one. Hello. It's too busy drinking. He didn't say hi to you. No, I actually hovered over that part of my screen that makes the news panel populate And it covered my entire screen with loading news panels.


Makes the news panel populate. What operating system do you use? Windows 11. Ugh. Anyway, I'm the judge. I give points. Usually I lie. The points don't really matter. It's all very arbitrary, but it's not though because we have a constitution so there's rules and we follow them very strictly. You usually start with small talk, I think for no apparent reason. Wade probably should do small talk first today before we get into a whatever Mark has going on. Wade, how you doing? I'm doing great man. I've got a new game sweeping the nation but everyone needs to play. I have A bad feeling about this. It's called Storage Hunter Simulator where you go to different storage units and you get involved in an auction to buy whatever's in that unit and then you go and you sell it to pawn shops and you eventually buy and own your own pawn shop And it just keeps escalating.


I'm 20 hours in after like three or four streams and I'm absolutely addicted to it. Pats of exile is still great. Still love it. By the way, I thought you were just go straight for path of exile. I'm shocked And I'm even on top of that. I'm watching YouTube videos on it too. Like I just, I cannot get enough of it. I'm not gonna lie. That sounds really boring. It does. Out of my mouth. It sounds terrible, but like actually playing, you start with this really tiny crappy truck and you go to these storage auctions and you win and you have to somehow like Jenga your way. I don't know Jenga is the right word, but you've gotta like throw all this awkward crap on top of your truck, try to balance it and then hop into your truck quickly before it falls. 'cause magically once you hop into your truck, it glues in place and then you drive to like the pawn shop, try to sell it.


So between like the auctions themselves, identifying what you got and finding some weird crazy cool shit. It, it's so addicting. It's A lot like supermarket simulator where weirdly enough that should be the most boring game ever. But I love playing it and people love watching it. I don't know if it's just, I don't run a very good supermarket. Maybe that's why people watch it. But it is weirdly interesting Mark Storage hunt with me. It sounds judgy but I'm, I'm a big fan of like farm sim and games of that nature. I think specifically it's the storage unit thing. Those get that like gives me anxiety it both because it's a big pile of shit which is just like a lot and kind of annoying and intimidating looking but also because those things are so gross in real life and it's not the people's fault Storage units just get gross.


Yeah, especially if they get left for a while, they get rats. Water leaks in it. Just like I know it's a video game and so it's not, but just the whole notion of that. 'cause I would play supermarket sim. That does look fun. I've watched that. It looks fun. You should play storage Hunter sim The storage one. It just makes me feel yucky. There's different tiers of items from like broken quality all the way up to like legendary quality. I found a riding mechanical bull in one the other day. Who do you sell that to? Pawn shop. I don't feel like a real pawn shop would buy that. Well this one did and you know why? Because I owned it and I was like we are listing this voice. Alright. I bought it for myself and then I bought it from me and then me's gonna sell it to someone.


I Want to test something out here. Bob, may I, may I test something? Wade, I found this business for sale and I think we should all go in on it. It's a pawn shop. No, that's a terrible idea. All right, I knew it But video game pawn shop. Dude, I am so in girlfriend. I found a business Wade. It is a video game pawn shop. We just all got a chip in evenly. Starts out at a cool, $4 million split for three ways. Fourth with the mysterious fourth member. Yeah. Hey fourth person you want in on this? Yes, yes I'm in. Oh, I'm busy that day.


But I'll get you on the next business venture. Oh It's gonna comment on the fact that's the first time the fourth person ever talked. I don't think that was actually the fourth member, but I'm in Mark. You know me, I'm always in All right. It was just a test. I, I don't have one for sale but it would be cool business if we just add that. I don't know that a pawn shop's the way I'd want to go 'cause you have to like appraise and a value. I'm more interested in the theater than I would be the pawn shop. Someone comes in with like a diamond to like here you want my diamond? But like yeah, we'll sell it and then we find out like it's plastic, it's green, it was never a diamond. How did you do this? You a Fool. You just get one of those diamond testers that those Don't, they bite them in their teeth. Yeah, they have real diamond grills on and that's how they're all be. Just get that for every type of thing.


Diamond tester, mechanical bull tester replacement, hip tester because you know pawn shots get a lot of those. I got a mechanical bowl guy. Let me give him a call. He Guys, I need to sell my pacemaker. I got a pacemaker guy, let me call him up. Weirdly. And this isn't everyone. Those two are the same guy. I know that seems like a coincidence but he just has very specific and diverse interests. Next on MTV Pimp my pacemaker. Alright, my turn. I don't really have anything new going on so yeah, I guess you can go Mark. You got some stuff. You Know how in the last episode I was talking about a good knife, right? I was trying to get something that was like I could go out in the woods hack a tree down And you took my advice.


Nope, went straight to Amazon and I bought this. Oh It doesn't look very sharp. What is, why does it have a phone holster attached to it? What is that editors blur that, does it have a scope? Oh yeah. Really aim. You're stabbing. I'll get to this feature later. Hold on, let me walk you through. So I was, I was trying to look up steel, right? And nothing is more enigmatic than going down that rabbit hole. Like the people that actually know steel are very angry with everyone else that knows steel. They no group I think has more infighting than the steel community because there's so many different types and they all have like little benefits and not benefits.


Some are really expensive A but very hard. Some are hard to sharp, some don't retain their edge, but they're all just like steel with different amounts of different alloys and stuff like that. This is something that's why I went back to, I was like I'm never gonna be able to get an answer. I went to Amazon and I was like, this is a good lee reviewed one. So this is D Two Steel Couldn't shell out for D one steel steel community get him, I can't believe it was D two. I can't, I can't believe you'd buy anything made of D two steel. Literally. That is probably going to happen. People Are gonna be like D Two, this son a bitch has every Minority or something like this. That's what people are gonna say.


That's the most inhumane kind of steal there is. And I don't know why I'm a terrible person for having this other than it's an Amazon knife, but it just seems, it was well reviewed and everyone was like, hey, it cuts things and I'm like, That's what I was looking for. Segue into my other topic. You don't wanna know what This is. Isn't that a fire steal? It's a fire starter. Speaking of fire. Hey wait, show that to camera. Is that used? What you been doing over there? No, no, no. It looks a little blurry to me. They say fire steals get blurry when they get used. They self-censor when they get used. Yeah, like the sims going in the shower. No, so yeah, there was fires.


It was a crazy time. So for those that don't know, we didn't have an episode of today because I was evacuated actually specifically that day. I didn't have power. Yeah, we were gonna record and then literally the morning of you were like, well we don't take cut off our electricity. You thought that was gonna be the worst thing that happened that week also, We mean hour yesterday, not yours. If this comes out today, wow, what a turnaround. So now I'm gonna take you back in time to last Tuesday for me. Which was what, what day was that? The Seventh. Right? So the seventh the power was out. So I was like, ah, I'll go run some errands. And as I was driving out I saw this plume of smoke in the distance and I was like, that's weird.


I know that they said it was a red flag warning. So when the windstorm came in, which was really unprecedented, like that morning, the wind was gusting up to 80 miles an hour where we were, which was just really intense. And then there was a lull. It said there was gonna be a lull in the wind for a few hours. So I was like, okay, I'll go out and run some errands, get some supplies if our powers out, you know, make sure we have some water and whatnot. And I saw a plume of smoke in the distance and I, I called Amy, I'm like, hey, what, what, what's going on? There's some smoke. And she said the Palisades were on fire. So at this point the Palisades had already been burning all day. Someone reported a fire in the Pacific Palisades at 10:15 AM at 10 33 firefighters started diverting resources.


There were some other small fires going on in the area, but this was obviously the big one. And so this was what I saw and I went out around like noon or one o'clock. And so what's weird is I didn't know about the fire until then, probably because I wasn't tuned into the right channels. I wasn't listening to the right things. But I went out and I came back and I was like, oh. And as I was driving back at, the winds were picking up so we kind of shelter up and I didn't realize how bad it was gonna be even for over there until the day progressed. Right? So as the day progressed, we started to get notice of this app called watch duty, which I think I talked to you guys about great app.


I never knew about it before. But it specifically is like user reported and also integrates official reporting of fires, locations, updates, evacuation zones, evacuation orders. You can check out fire watch, trail cams. You can see some of the trails that are coming up here. And I'm gonna jump ahead in time a little bit because I wanna show you a picture of one of the trail cams, right? This one actually is not Pacific Palisades, this is the Eaton one, which was close to us. So there's, here's a, you see like this is a trail cam and then this shows like where the trail cam's pointing and then it also has another camera on it. I don't know if you can see that. That's just fire. So this is an imagery from one of the trail cams and its last captured image is just roaring flames up on the camera, which was just crazy to see.


I I, I couldn't even fat wrap my heads around what was going on there, but that's, that's a little ahead of time. And then I realized like, oh, it's on fire. So that evening, January 7th, still Tuesday we kind of prepped some things to go. We're like, okay, we should probably be ready. 'cause there wasn't a fire near us just yet. We did not know about it. But when the Eden fire broke out, I could see it from my window. Like I could legitimately from the moment that it was starting to grow a little bit bigger, like on the hillside in the distance. Like I, I might like have a circle about like my hands clasped together. But if you were looking at a mountain on the other side and you clash your hands together and you look through your hands like that, a patch that big on the mountain is burning fire.


It's, it, it was scary. But we didn't evacuate just yet. We kind of like prepped everything. We left the house just outta precaution. We were kind of like waiting to see what was gonna happen because it was all about the wind blowing. But then when we, we, we gathered up with Ethan and we were just like hanging out and they were like, okay, let's go back and let's see, we don't know where it's going to end up. We don't know what's going on. We started really following the, the watch duty app. And we had not been evacuated at that point. We weren't even a warning 'cause they do a, a warning zone and then an evacuation is closer in. So they stagger it like that. They do a warning. You're up, you're on deck, you might need to go. And it's like, this place needs to go, this place needs to go and go. So at 2:00 AM I just, I basically was like, I'll just stay up all night so I can keep watch of everything and I can, I can report it.


So at 2:00 AM I actually, I actually brought out my, my red camera and I put a 200 millimeter minolta on that bad boy. And I, I got some really good footage of the fire that I haven't offloaded I would show you or, but it's, it's, it's just a fire that's creeping. But it was cool to see because I could see it progressing, right? So I took a five minute clip and reminder the wind is blasting. So I'm holding my camera outside hoping a branch doesn't hit the lens pointed at this, the other hillside. And I'm just like trying to brace it for a steady shot. So it's a little shaky. Like it's the kind of wind where Chica and Henry, their fur is like, like all the way back and they're like, what's happening?


So, but with the, the smoke and the, the ash, we were trying to avoid getting 'em outside. So we were kinda sheltered up around 4:00 AM Two hours later I'd still been staying up. I was just debating going to sleep. 'cause I was like, I don't know if anything's gonna happen. Like all of our phones, like there was, Catherine was staying over as well. So it was like Amy, myself and Catherine and all of our phones were like ing And it was, you're on deck for evacuation. Our, our zone turned yellow and it's like, oh holy shit. So we start throwing bags in the car, piling everything up as best we can. And then by the time we were packed it turned red. Like we were already gonna go and we're so we're just like, fuck.


And then we head out and we, we drove down, we stayed with some friends. But yeah, from 4:00 AM till about three days ago we weren't able to come home because we just didn't know where this fire was gonna go. There was a, there was a distinct possibility that the fire would spread beyond containment. If the winds kept up. If the winds had kept up, I don't think my house, my house might not still be here despite their best efforts. 'cause they couldn't fly planes in the winds and that was the biggest problem. They could not do any water drops from the air, which is like the main way that they're able to contain and control the spread and travel of the fire.


And so it kind of just swept through all of us of a place called Altadena. Altadena is like north of Pasadena, Alta Dena. And it's a very old neighborhood. As I was saying in a video update that I made, it's an extremely old neighborhood with a lot of very old houses of families that have been there a very long time. It has a lot of history. There's, there's a huge amount of history there. Fire just plowed right through there all along the ridgeline. Like there's a satellite image that shows it before and after of like before the fire and then after the fire. And it's just like, it's gone. Like it's just gone. Looking at that, we just had no idea how far it was gonna spread because it just seemed like they were not able to do anything.


And that's, there's a lot of people that are talking about like, oh, it's like a mismanagement or resources, yada yada. When the winds are that strong, there is nothing that you can do. The Amy showed me a clip, this puts it into perspective of just how like this is what it was. Yeah, I've, I've seen other clips on of like close to the action and close to the fire type stuff and even further away, it's insane how many embers were just getting absolutely blasted. Like way up into the air way far from the fire. And then they, they traveled so quickly that they were still like, What The fuck What?


It's a gaming controller. This was shared to me. This is not my History. I had no idea what the fuck this is. That's a, what is this? Yeah, that energy. You might need to, you're gonna wanna blur. Oh, Mark's history is kind of weird. That's a cool game Mark. We're gonna have to, if you could share that with me later. Oh, I swear to God that's what it auto played to. What the fuck God, I know my next impossible. Let's Play the no hands challenge. What was I, oh yeah, the wind.


Anyway, yeah, there was just like ember fire. Embers were just like falling from the sky in places where the fire was close. But like, it wasn't like the front lines of the fire. People are just like, like there's one that was going around that was like a McDonald's I think in Altadena, the McDonald's, like an ember had landed and the sign and part of the front of McDonald's was on fire And it was just like, like it looked like it was fake because it was, it was like hurricane winds and the fire was like, just chill out, I'm on fire already. Like fuck, that's enough wind. And the wind was like, we're doing this it, the videos of of that, that sort of stuff is like unreal. 'cause that's not what it usually looks like.


I've seen a lot of, when we lived in the Bay Area, we were purely clo we were in the yellow get ready to evacuate zone for like a week. And so we saw, I saw a lot of clips of fires and people fighting wildfires never looked like that. Mm. None of the stuff that we experienced when we were up there looked like that at all. That's the important thing that people need to realize in this context. It is not an exaggeration to say that these were hurricane force winds. It was as if a hurricane rolled in and instead of rain it was fire. That's legitimately what it was when these fires were cropping up and there's, there's some allegedly arson that was occurring, which, you know, I I don't know exactly specifically what the circumstances of that is.


You know, everything is still trying to be figured out. One of them seems to be an electrical fire. It seems like Eaton was, there's some video that came out that was eaten was definitely starting around the base of a large power transformer, which is for transfer across large distances, which was a definite risk of all this. That's what people were most worried about is that the wind was gonna knock down power poles in random locations and that was called causing a downed electrical line which was gonna spark, which obviously can start a fire. And that was the largest concern. The problem is you don't have eyes everywhere. So the, the reporting of it had to be largely from citizens just being like there's a fire over there.


So the sources of it are indeterminate to the result of it at this point, at right now, at this juncture down the road, you know, blame can be assigned and sources can be and be met, but it should be reiterated just to combat anything out there that there was nothing, nothing that could have been done in the moment. Preventative is another question, but even the best laid plans in the face of an unprecedented event like this are really gonna go to shit. A lot of the firefighters were even saying as they were progressing through the altadena fires. Like we train for, you know, residential fires all the time, but for a house, a typical house fire, they need three engines, right?


Three engines, there were 5,000 houses on fire. There aren't enough firefighters in the state to, there aren't enough fire trucks in the state. Definitely to assign 15,000 fire trucks to each house to contain that kind of fire. That just is unfeasible. You can't prepare for that. You can't train for that. Getting it beforehand is another thing. But again, with the winds, no drops, no air support at all is possible. And that's like the main objective and, and or the main weapon against trying to fight these fires. And again, I'm not an expert but I've learned a lot in the past few days about how these are done and I've seen firsthand of, of what it was all about.


It was ridiculous. The biggest difference between the spread of these fires I think. Did you guys see the Hollywood Hills fire that started after the eaten fire? A little bit. Yeah. I've seen a lot of clips but I don't know one from the other from what I've seen. So I watched this unfold live with, with the other people that we're sheltering up with. We watched it from the very beginning, the first moment. 'cause the watch duty app said immediately there is a new fire in within a certain mile radius of where you are. So we turned on the news and we could see there was a chopper on the scene looking at it being like, this fire is a problem. He was literally calling out that street. There was 'cause it was so close to everything else, that street right there, they need to evacuate like he was calling it and saying it with that urgency.


But the difference being the winds were calm enough that air support could get in there. And even though they did evacuate a lot of the area as a precautionary measure, and again, anyone that gets pissed off at an evacuation, it's an inconvenience where the worst case scenario is you die. So you know, it it being delayed a little bit or inconvenience. No, no, No Mark, we need to politicize this. I think that's the right way to handle any kind of a catastrophe or tragedy is political. Yeah. And our our political correspondent Wade will now take it over. Yeah. I can't believe the propaganda, the fire voted wrong in the last election and honestly it's their fault that fire would still be gone if they voted correctly.


I believe in fire rights Fire 2026. Isn't that like the, the 29th Amendment fire rights? Sure. They have their own festival that I hear is pretty successful Anyway, the difference being they could make airdrops on that fire. So I saw them and there was some, oh there was some good drops. Have you guys seen any of the clips of like the, the water drops that just poof, extinguish a whole hillside? Oh Those clips go so hard. Have you seen any of the like cockpit footage? I saw one Dude, the guys in the big, they're like DC tens I think or they're like big planes where they come in and from the cockpit it looks like they're just flying at the ground and the guy is just like, shit at the last second they're just like, yeah they pushed the button.


It looks fucking crazy. Like I'm sure it's all very controlled 'cause they're professionals but the just even the video is like, holy shit, that's how I would do that in a video game. That shit's crazy. It's that crazy I'm sure. But they're very skilled at what they do and what, what I was told that I never even considered is as they're dropping, they have to change their trajectory based on the different weight dropping out of the ship. So they gotta like, they gotta anticipate that know exactly what correction to make as the water is leaving because the weight of the the plane is just like dropping like a rock or like a giant pile of water. Yeah, no, they're very, very good at what they do. It is incredible.


And just like, again and again just like boom, boom, boom, scoop up more water, boom, boom, boom. Like it is, it is nuts. And it's, it's just weird to think about because with the Eden fire you had 5,000 houses that burnt down. Palisades was bigger, is bigger still is happening right now as I'm speaking, the Palisades is not contained. It is in a better situation than it was before, but it is absolutely not contained. Same with the Eden fire. It's not contained. They report containment by literally going, 'cause they can contain it based on like controlling the spread. So that's when they create a perimeter that it can't cross and they're like, this is contained, but they cannot declare it contained until they go around there and physically check to make sure there are no hotspots spreading past their containment line.


So it takes a while to get the containment, but even, even now, like the Palisades was more, it was bigger. So anyone that was like, that's ever saying like, oh man, they, they didn't have enough water or like Elon making an ass out of himself in front of the LA fire chief. Oh, I got a side tangent about that, man, God, that was so, and like I, he's still going even right now, still yammering on just lie after lie. And so many people are just, Did you see, this is unrelated to the fires, but did you see his path of exile? Two drama? Oh yeah, I've been, I've seen that. I've watched a Pat two content creator like, All right, I'm gonna make Elon's build. What you need to do is worry about item level and number of things and just watching him anyway.


It was so funny watching him like very obviously take into account that someone else had boosted for me. He had no idea what he was doing. He's like, I need this white cross bow in my inventory. His, his Elden ring build should have been the most obvious of terrible, terrible, terrible skills and gave, He had a stash tab named Elon's Maps or whatever. He's like, yeah guys, this is a hardcore grind I've been doing for a while. I named a stash tab after myself. Hey, maybe, maybe he is just like that. Maybe his whole life is filled with Elon's things you don't know inside his tiny whitey's band that says Elon's underwear.


I'm sure he is done lots of good, but man he whew. Anyway, it's, it's what what needs to be reiterated over and over and over again is unprecedented. That is the biggest thing to say about this entire situation. The amount of trucks, the amount of hoses, the amount of water being drawn from the reservoirs is unprecedented. Water pressure obeys the laws of physics and reservoirs are of a certain size no matter what you can say or whatever have you. It is, there's a physical limitation and when you're fighting with something of this unprecedented amount, you can, you can say for sure that there should have been more preparation.


Absolutely. But to get to the level of preparation you would need to combat an unprecedented challenge is not within six Sigma declaration of, of statistical probability that you would account for. Normally it just isn't there or it wasn't there. And it's not something that is helpful right now when the most important thing is that the fires are still not out and there is another wind event coming along and yet people are just like For No reason other than petty personal political gain. No, no, no. The problem is we pay people a livable working minimum wage when we should be building lasers that shoot water at California and these kind of things.


Cold Lasers, I've always said it, We should figure that out. Moon lasers that shoot water. But no, instead people got to eat food or Whatever They need to hire that ice to meet you guy from those movies. Where is he at these days? What's he doing? You Mean the ator? He used to be there. If the ator was still in office, none of this would be happening. I assume. I can't think of a good political name for Mr. Freeze, Mr. Spending freeze The Zer. No, that doesn't work. The go. I'm sorry. Is he in a Christmas story Is ee or Scrooge? God frees you everyone.


This is the thing that made me laugh, feels weird to find comedy in it, but one of my favorite things I think I've seen is there's been a lot of shit online of people being completely lacking any empathy whatsoever for anyone, especially people who are in the Palisades area. Because ever like, people outside of the situation are just like, aren't they all just rich movie stars? Just shut up and buy another million dollar mansion? Like whatever. It's not like I don't understand why people feel that way, but no, everyone who lives in Pacific Palisades is not in the 1% can buy anything they want. It's not like that. But there was this one guy, and I'm sorry I don't remember your name, which is funny, but apparently he was, he was on like a TV show like a while ago, like 15 years ago.


He was on a successful TV show and since then he hasn't like done too much. He's been laying low doing whatever, you know, sort of half retired celebrities do. And he posted a, a social media and he was like, for the last two decades since I finished my role on TV show, everyone's been telling me I'm washed. I'm nobody, I'm a c lister. And now thanks to this fire, suddenly I'm a huge multimillionaire. I'm a douche bag Who should just go buy another mansion? What a rebrand. I did not expect Pacific Palisades fire to be such a powerful rebrand for my persona, but man, am I somebody now I I can't. Yeah, it's it's the, it's the cognitive dissonance to try to lump, lump this entire experience into one category that you can point people at and be like, hate this thing.


This is why this is bad. And it's, it's a strategy that's been employed for many, many years that is just like create an enemy so that people can focus their anger upon when in reality that's not the situation. People lose sight of the fact that there is families that have lost everything. There are people that have lost their lives that ha of all party affiliation of all political spectrum. Like you actually have an example of the Palisades. 'cause even if you think of them as like a rich town with all the celebrities and millionaires and we shouldn't care about them. Then you have altina over here, which is historically family homes of lower income of normal quote unquote everyday American lives.


Even if they live in LA because LA is so big. People don't have any context to what it is. These are on opposite ends of the city. Everyone in LA is a billionaire. We all know it. The worker at McDonald's in LA clearly live in a mansion and they're like, I'm just so rich, I want to go make burgers. I'm so rich, I want to go do X job. You know? Yeah. There there's like a mom and pop small businesses over there in Altadena that are burdened to the ground that, that have been there for 40 something plus years. Many probably more. No, even if it was a 20 year business that doesn't discredit it from being a, like a historical piece of that community. And they're gone. Like they're just gone.


And, And it doesn't matter who they believed in because there's people out there that are just like shouting at how they're wrong for what they've lost and not even focusing on any effort to help them rebuild. Meanwhile here in California, it's, it's like a battle of trying to fend off like, no, that's not, we're on fire. Hey, hold on ho please. And then trying to like you did this to you slap Exactly. That's what it's, it doesn't matter. Look, I'm a I'm an Ohio native, but I've been here in California for like 10 years and one thing that I I will say is like the people of this city, Los Angeles specifically, I can't speak to other cities, is like they really, really love their city.


They really, really are prideful of what they have and what they've lost. And the beautiful thing is how many people have come together to contribute to those who are actually affected the actual physical help that is occurring. That's what people should focus on. Where meanwhile, everyone else is playing a blame game. While there's people suffering, some people are still, they don't have a home, they don't have a place to go. They, they're in a shelter now and for the indeterminate future, they're going to stay there. Like rebuilding is gonna take years, even if it doesn't rebuild in the exact same way. Trying to make sure that it rebuilds in a way that is actually conducive to the type of people that were living there. I mean financially, you know, instead of becoming like big mega apartments or big, you know, huge mega mansions, which it wasn't, that's not what it was.


This is a very background thing for me, but I, I can only imagine in terms of the kind of peril that la and the real estate that was affected by the fires is in right now. Because all of the huge development companies who like to turn everything into ugly, nondescript apartments and more parking lots and shopping centers and shit are looking at this and they're like, oh, these, these people who've owned this house since it was a $200,000 house and now it's like a $1.5 million house. Or I don't know if that's accurate, but like right. The people, these, these regular Americans who own these houses who are not millionaires, bought them. They were still expensive, but they were in a big city and they bought them back before they were million dollar houses.


They can't, they still can't afford to just buy a million dollar house. There's a, there's a lot of people who, if they don't get some sort of assistance and if people doesn't coalesce in a way companies are just gonna swoop in, buy their valuable property and turn it into more corporately developed garbage that is, you know, is going to sort of ruin some of these very old communities potentially that's very back burner because there's literally still fire on the ground consuming a more people's businesses and houses and stuff. That's a serious threat. And that would be very sad in some of these places where it really was like family businesses, local stuff, communities that are now, you know, that hopefully they can rebuild and it'll still be a great community.


It'll just have to be new. Well, it doesn't have to happen if people pay attention, especially to the local communities because cities, you know, they, they, they are in control of their zoning and they can shoot down and all these projects would have to be submitted for approval and if they don't get approved, they don't get built there unless there's bribes going on. But I think with this, you know, there is a strong way to make sure that the people who are easily forgotten are actually taken care of. And, but that's only by holding that thought in your mind for a very long time that that's what needs to happen. And so that's, that's something that I'm hopefully going to be a part of as much as I can.


Otherwise I'll just keep my chainsaw and I'll keep hacking at trees. Hey, you can snipe 'em now with your knife. Yeah, with My knife, with my scope. You see, see the scope on my chain style that bad thing. Woo.


This episode is brought to you by Abbott. Let's talk about a small thing that can make a big difference if you have diabetes. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor. It's amazing how the sensor gives you real time glucose readings so that you can see the impact of every meal and activity to make better choices. The Freestyle Libre three plus Sidd or can help you live life with diabetes on your terms. This is progress. You can try it for free at freestyle libre dot US offer available for people who qualify, visit my freestyle us to see all terms and conditions, certain exclusions apply for prescription only. Safety info found at Freestyle Libre us


Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home and unbeatable 5G reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home yes, cool or attending one live, no, you can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at cox.com/internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises via coaxial cable. Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G reliability as measured by okla LLC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary not in endorsement of the restrictions apply


In a related horrible note here in Cincinnati, we had two feet plus of snow. What? While you guys were burning, we got dumped on with like one of the bigger snows we've had in years. Two feet, I believe it was between 20 and 26 inches Where we are on the way on the north, almost northwest. It was more like eight inches to a Foot. Even that though, that's, I can't tell you the last time I was in Cincinnati and there was that much snow three, four inches short that happened. This was like in a 24 hour period. Like this was a quick big dump. Holy shit. With our little dachshunds, with the Presley and Ginger. I was out there shoveling I think like seven times. So they had a place to go potty and it's like we would shovel and there'd be half an inch where I started 'cause it was just coming down so quickly.


I don't know that anything major happened because of it. So I was kind of like, you know, in jest we did get one of the bigger snows we've had in a very long time and then four or five days later we got like another three or four inches. So then it warmed up for a couple days. So then it kind of like condensed now it's kind like that more compact snow. I mean at the very least it was 18, we had at least a foot and a half to two feet of snow on the ground. And you know, it's the crazy thing where I'm like, okay, let's not be political about this, but some of these things should not be political at all. Like climate change, right? I Don't know man. Our snow was pretty communist. It was working together in ways that I didn't like. I love you Wade. Alright, anyway, go ahead. All of it centered on like, oh man, they're just like, it's a conspiracy.


They're just lying to you. And I'm, I just keep looking around and I'm like, what's the lie? What, what do, what do they gain from the lying of this? Oh, at worst they're like, we want people to not die from increasing severity of natural disasters. Ah, you know, I, I just, it's, it's, and who is telling this perspective of it? It all comes from like the same group of people, which is like, you know, coal and oil companies and it's like, I wonder why they're saying it's not real. Have you guys had an electric vehicle? They're fucking awesome. It's way better, man, lemme tell you. I I, I finally traded out my Tesla. Ooh. I did it specifically because all this was happening.


I've been meaning to do it forever. I've hated that sum of bitch for years. I hated it since the moment I got it. Didn't It break immediately? It broke immediately. At least It was cheap to fix. Oh yeah, yeah, definitely. Well it was under warranty thankfully. But getting into approved shop to do that. Well that was a different story, man. The suspension broke within the first a hundred miles. Their fancy suspension broke. They installed the wrong part for the charging port so that the, the Tesla chargers didn't fit in it. I had to crack it by physically pushing it so hard it split it and then it fit in And it worked perfectly because otherwise it would've been stranded in the middle of winter, in the middle of nowhere at this four bay Tesla charger with nothing.


So I I, I shoved it in there and I've hated it. The suspension is broken like four times. The last time was out of warranty and I had to be like, I have to get rid of this piece of shit. You know what I got instead? Tell me, you didn't get a Mach e No, I didn't. I did not get a Mach E American car. I did get an American car. Did You get a Cadillac lyric? Nope. You're not gonna guess it because it doesn't seem like a vehicle I would get Did You get a Rivian? R one T Ford F two 50 Ford Lightning. Ford Lightning. Oh hell yeah. I never thought I'd be a truck guy. I got a Ford F-150 Lightning because I looked at the specs of what it could do in terms of power delivery. The size of the battery is way bigger than the Teslas ever were.


The range is not a lie. Those Teslas all lie about their range. It's, it, it just blew my mind. I would watch it and I would go like, I've traveled 10 miles. Well surely the, oh, it's dropped 30 miles. All right, well that's fine. It said I had like a 300 mile range on my Tesla. I got 180 at best. Even when I was driving like this, the, it's just lies. But this one I drive 10 miles and it's like, it, the range estimate only dropped eight. And I'm like, oh, Thank you. Oh thank you. Now hold on. The Tesla wasn't lying. Someone took the road signs and spread 'em out further. That wasn't the Tesla's fault. It's crazy because this truck has a 240 volt plug in the back of it.


I could run my render farm off of this truck. This truck has more power than all of my backup batteries that I put in my render farm by three times. I wanna see a Ford commercial with like a really nerdy dude driving his Ford Lightning with the render farm. He's like offroading in the mud through the woods while like video game let's plays or like processing in the back. I I could, that's the crazy thing I could. And so this, it's a weird segue from like climate change stuff, but it's like, on the flip side of it is like the negative of clean energy stuff is that it's awesome. I've driven a regular Ford F-150 and it's a big beefy truck and I didn't like to drive that for any other reason because it was just like, it's, it's not practical now.


I have to haul shit all the time because I, I've got desks that I'm moving all over the place and I've got like other big things and I was out there with my chainsaw, I had tools that I needed to bring. I was like, this actually makes sense and if I'm evacuating, I want a big bed so I can, I can actually take my shit and go. So I was like, I'm gonna do this. I got it. That thing, my god, I press on the panels inside of it. They don't squeak. It just, the Tesla sucks so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. And I had a model XI didn't have like the cheap version of it. You should have gone cyber truck. Yeah, that's probably your problem right there. If you had just gotten to a cyber truck, mark, that's the ultimate Tesla experience.


You know what I do? Every time I see we drive a a cyber truck, we used to do this even before I had F-150 lightning, we'd go to cyber trucks. It really pisses people off way more than the middle finger. You give someone a thumbs down, they get so mad. And so now that I'm in my lightning, if I, I haven't had it happen yet, but if I pull up next to a a cyber truck, I'm just gonna go, Oh, oh, oh, oh, you had to settle for that. Oh Man. Because it's in every metric, in every single metric. It's a better vehicle. Why would you do that? Even if you like the styling on specs. It's, anyway, I'm segueing this is not important. God, I fucking love it.


This is Like the most political nonpolitical episode we've ever done. Yeah, it shouldn't be though. It shouldn't be. It shouldn't be. Have you seen solar power? I just got a bunch of solar Music. It's so much cheaper though. Whoa. Whoa dude. God, you're crossing a line here. I just, it's, it's just better, it's instantly faster than any other F-150 out there. It's just better. It's, and now with fast charging, lemme tell you my, my Tesla, you know it can charge like 120 kilowatts. This thing can charge 320 kilowatts. Oh, I didn't know that. Oh, it can charge fucking fast. Way faster than my Tesla did. Now admittedly, my Tesla was older so it probably didn't have the fast charging, but there's some stations out there that have 320 kilowatt charging or amp.


I, I am not sure which. It's just, it's just better. Just better. It can fill that bad boy up to 80% in like 15 minutes. Which I did that a bunch on international trips or national trips And it would take like 45 minutes to an hour every single time I wanted to charge just to 80 in my Tesla. Good lord. And so that was the road trip. That's why I didn't do road Trips anymore with that. I was gonna say that's I, our, our, we have a model y 'cause we got the, the financing and then we don't need a pickup truck. 'cause I was shopping for Rivian and F-150 lightnings and whatnot. But the faster ours goes from like 20 to 80% in like seven minutes on the top tier supercharger. It's probably the new new ones that I couldn't get to. So maybe, But ours is a 24.


So your, your ex being older, it probably had the, the la the shitty charging. It definitely did. Yeah. And it had a bigger battery than ours has. But the range is still an issue 'cause ours is a fucking liar too. Ours, we don't even leave the miles on, we leave the percentage. 'cause it's like it's, it's more valuable for you to just know where we're at. 'cause it doesn't mean anything for how far that's gonna get us. It means nothing. And I think you Just keep track of like, well like we don't even, it's not like we road trip it or anything. So it's not a huge thing. But we're around town. It's great. Wade man cannot recommend if you haul anything in your life and you know what better way to get revenge on that truck that took out your car, your own truck. I need a semi lightning.


That's a Tesla you don't want. I don't know about That one. No, what you're, what you wanna look up is Edison Motors. That's a nice hybrid. It's it's, it's a hybrid electric truck company but it's a diesel. It's a, so this is a thing I've always wondered why people didn't do this and they're starting to do it more. It has an engine, it has a diesel engine in the front that only generates electricity, otherwise it's a fully electric drive train with fully, fully electric motors. There's no Dr. Diesel drive but so the range on it is infinite. 'cause you just, the diesel just kicks on generates power. It Only costs like six grand to get a commercial driver's license. Yeah. Get a CDL and then talk to Edison Motors.


They're not in production yet, so you'd have to get a special pre-production. I'm sure they could slap something together for you. This is totally random and not related to anything we're talking about. Edison Motors seems like a great company. It's cool the way they're building their trucks too. A lot. Almost all of the main chassis components are bolt-on. So like if you, you bend a frame rail, if you have an accident and something happens almost every part, you could probably unbolt it. Buy the part you need from them, bolt it all back together, brand new truck. It's designed in a way where like they're very right, right. To repair positive. I don't know what the term is for that, but they're, they want people to fix their own shit. They will sell you the part and they want you to be able to do it. Cool Company. I have no need for an industrial semi-truck.


Hybrid electric seems awesome. I just want like an SUV of some kind. I want a little bit more cargo space, but I want more people space. Yeah, well I mean my, my F-150 it's a, they, they make it as a dual, a four door. It's as big as a vehicle. The thing that's taking some getting used to with the truck is that it is longer. I have driven an F-150 in LA before, so I'm used to it a little bit, but it does take, so in Cincinnati you'd be fine. What, what are you worry about? Like, like 60% of the cars on the road in Cincinnati are either Ford F1 fifties or Chevy Silverados. So You know, what's the Chevy Silverado now that you mentioned it. Hey, I'm brand agnostic. The, the Silverado ev. Did you look at it?


I didn't after I bought the Ford F-150 Because I was gonna say that was my next guess for what ev you got. Honestly, the Chevy Silverado EV looks very cool. I almost have a little bit of buyer's remorse because the Ford F-150 has 131 kilowatt battery. The Chevy has a 200 kilowatt power battery with a 490 mile range And it has more power in its outlets. And I'm just like, ooh. Did you see the way the bed works on the Chevy too? No. God, did I buy the wrong truck? No, no, no. Listen, the, the F-150 lightning is still awesome, but the way the Chevy works, the back of the cab, it's a four, it's a four door. Right. So it's, there's a full bench in the back. The back of the cab folds in.


Yeah, so like the seats fold down, the back folds in and you get like three or four extra feet of space. And also it's open out the back then. So it's like, oh, Like it's got a pass Through the glass? No, like it, it, it goes away. It's not even like some of it opens, you pop the glass out, you fold the seats down, you stow the glass and then you fold the bottom half down and it's like the whole back wall is gone of the cab and that's all just becomes bed space and it's open to the outside. It's cool as shit. Chevy. Hey listen baby, I know I just got a Ford but I've not had a car in five years. Yeah, and you're never gonna get one so no one's gonna believe you Anyway.


I've been trying Man, Look, Wait, I bought my truck. Okay. I bought it. All right. It took, I did it. I asked him to go quickly. It took still three hours but I was like, hey, I was in and out there no time you can do It. I don't know what kind of like picky shit we have, but we've been trying to get a car. Molly and I have been trying to get a car since June of last year. What do you mean trying? You just go to Drive, you go do I like it? Yeah. Bye. We were looking at the Lexus TX hybrid, which is like a seven seater, SUV. And they had a recall right after we were trying to get one because of an airbag issue. And they were like, Hey, we're gonna put you on this list, we're gonna call you. It'll be maybe like two or three months.


That was in June of last year. Then they had the recall, we talked to them again in October. Like, Hey, we fixed the issue. Give us like two weeks. We'll be calling you up. That was in October. And I've called, I've checked in and no updates. We'll call you when you're there in person talking about wanting a car. The guy's like, call me once a day if you want. You call me whenever you want an update. I will let you know you're top of the list. I call same dude's. Like I told you, we call you. There's no update. I'm not selling you car right now. Therefore, I don't care. I feel like if you actually really wanted a car, I know there are TXs rolling off of lots.


You could have found the TX of your dreams. Apparently not through the dealer. Literally in, nah, not in our neighborhood. They go to our grocery store. I noticed these things because I looked at the Lexus's. I Think Lexus Hates me. There's a brand new TX hybrid that parks at our Kroger all the time. They just got that son of a bitch. It's probably the guy at our dealership in the one that we wanted. And he is like, dude, if they, if they hate you, why are you Going back there? Because I liked their cars. There's a lot of Toyota dealers, you know that, right? Like Toyota, Lexus, they're ev there's like 19 of 'em in Cincinnati. My last car was an FRSI got at the Toyota dealer.


It was technically a sale, which is now gone. But when I, when I bought my first car or the first car I could buy after like, hey, YouTube's making money and I don't have a car. I went to a Hyundai dealership and I talked to the guy and he was like, Hey, you buying a car today? I was like, ah, I just want to check out, you know, what you got. He is like, oh, I'm not gonna sell you if you don't, if you're not gonna say you're gonna buy. And so I was like, All right, goodbye. And I walked right out and I went down the street to the dealer across the way. And I bought a car from them because I said, fuck that guy. And I was like a completely different car than I wanted, but I was just like, I don't have time to be talked down to by a salesman. It's Even different now because the post pandemic way that they do cars, at least with Lexus, is they don't like, have just bulk orders of cars.


Now they, they order them in a different way so that way they won't get fucked by like production or something again. So now apparently everyone has to wait like a year for a car. 'cause I was talking to another friend of ours about like a Chevrolet and he is like, oh yeah, well the Chevrolet is nine months out. If you wanna order one. I, I just gonna phrase it this way. I own very nice cars right now and I have owned, I'm a car guy. Why are you ordering one? I don't know. Just buy, there are, there's no way that this is not a spec out there that you could just buy off a lot. I need to take you with me next time I go car shopping. 'cause maybe you know more than I do. Ordering a car from the manufacturer is a terrible way to do it. I've Not even intentionally tried to do it that way.


They're just like, what are you looking for? I was like, seat that heats up is nice car with motor, these seats. Ah, All right, well you got, we got, we're on a four month wait on that. And I was like, All right, well okay. I feel like, I feel like he's gaslighting us. Mark. I feel like I'm not, You have to be, because I went there, I went to the store and I said, Hey, do you have lightnings? He goes like, I think is that one he didn't even know and he pointed at it. It was like lightning. And I was like, yeah, that says lightning on the back. Can we check the specs? Sure. And we looked at the sticker together. He was like, that's a lightning. All right. It's got a big battery. And I went, bye. I'm being Truman showed when it comes to car shopping. I think You are, they all know.


They all know they want to keep the content going. They just wanna keep you upset. It is good content, but you know, the content doesn't put money in my pocket of bitching about cars. Bob, you put a bad thought in my head. 'cause did I buy the, I'm gonna look at the Chevys now. No, listen, mark, don't save, save the Chevy upgrade for when you move to a place where you really need a Chevy like Cincinnati. They both start with C Where does, where do I take my Ford? Columbia, Florida. Yeah, Florida is a real estate. What's Philadelphia Have? No, I'm never gonna own a pickup truck in my entire life. Except maybe I will because I can't stop thinking about them. And the Chevy, the Chevy Silverado ev is fascinating.


Also, the new Rivian starting to roll out the r twos out there. R threes coming. Those are not pickup trucks, but those are very, I just don't like how they look. Oh, I think they look sick. Who makes a Rivian? What is a Rivian? Rivian is the company. They're a smaller market share ev company, but they make some very cool trucks. Smaller market share. That doesn't sound political enough for Me. Like I'm not a truck guy. I I've, I've never been about like I need a big truck. But for what I'm doing nowadays with the amount of shit that I'm dragging around, it actually makes sense. And the amount of power, the power is the craziest part of that. I can go to, I can load up my film equipment, go out to a random location in the middle of nowhere, never need a generator because I just plug it all into my truck.


That's true for filming out in literally anywhere you wanna be. That's pretty wild actually. 'cause you could probably, you could probably plug a whole like studio grade power distri distribution block up thing. 'cause they have those right where it's like, yeah, a two 40 into a whole thing and yeah, you could probably run all that shit off of there forever. I mean for quite a while. If the way it is in my F-150, it's a 7.2 kilowatts out of the two 40, which is enough to power pretty much everything you would ever need. Plus charging a bunch of batteries. It, it has 131 kilowatt hour battery so it could run it for about 18 hours. Everything if you were at max, which you're not going to be, so you would be running, it can run your house.


That was the big selling point. If this Chevy has an even bigger battery and more power out, I might go take a look. I don't know if the Chevy has the same generator output. Things that the lightning has. 'cause that was the big sales thing for the lightning is literally, it's like power goes out, plug that shit into your house, bow your whole house. Like I, I don't know that the Chevy does that. The Chevy is is is cool in different ways. Can I make a bitching? I don't know what I just said. Can you make a bitching? Yeah. Can I please do Halogen lights? I don't know if it's me. Maybe I'm getting early onset cataracts or something. I don't know man. But driving at night in the rain we went down. So we've got friends that live down in like northern Kentucky and we went down there for like a holiday party and we were driving back And it was nighttime, it was raining.


And let me just say some of those roads also the highway with the fucking divots that hold water. When you're going like 60 miles an hour and you just out of nowhere hit a pocket of water that makes you feel like you're gonna go flying into the air. Fucking sucks. But vehicles with those bright ass fucking halogen lights, you can't tell if their brights are on or if they're just the bright fucking halogen lights that make it to where you can't see anything as it approaches and can't see anything for 10 seconds after it leaves are the absolute worst. And whoever thought those were a good idea to put in the vehicles, they're better be a place in hell just like fucking booked for them in advance. Like a goddamn restaurant table. You know What's funny, it's potentially not even halogen's. It was for a long time. Halogen's were the big, it's LEDs Then those, whatever it is can rot in hell because Halogen's were bright but they were a similar type of source to the, I don't know if they're incandescent technically the old school light head light bulbs, LEDs, the way they work, the origin of the light is so small that it makes it much more prone to like glare and lens flare effects and stuff.


Dude, It's so bad. Especially if it's wet at all. Dude. L-E-D-L-E-D, especially non diffused LED headlights. 'cause you can diffuse them and that changes the, the nature of it a little bit. Non diffused. LED headlight arrays scourge on the roads. They are a problem. I and everyone is using LED headlights now. Really unpleasant. To be clear, I don't think I have, I'm getting cataracts at 35 years old, but God I hate those fucking lights. It's also because I discovered this in my truck is they all start with the auto high beam on by default And it will turn that shit on at every opportunity. And I'm like, these are houses I'm passing by.


I am illuminating their entire bedroom with my truck. So I turn that shit off. But I guarantee you a lot of people don't. And that's also part of the problem is people just do not control their auto high beams. That is a scourge. They are so goddamn bright that if you shine up my asshole, I would open my mouth and spit out fucking beams of light. Like God himself was here. I hate those things. Anyway, I just wanted to make a bitching. What was this episode about? Fire? Oh, we really just sort of went places. We Haven't talked in a while. We're buds catching up. It's been an, it's been over an hour of recording. I have a topic, I'm gonna go ahead and say we'll save that one.


Oh, can I add one more thing? Make A bitch please. The place, the place or place is the direct people that want to help, help in the relief efforts. I don't know that we threw any of that out. Perhaps we should. I don't know if saying it means much, but the link will definitely be in the description of this episode. I, I'm assuming. Right. But Mark, mark knows I Am not well versed enough to know exactly all of the resources. I do know the til Tify one is vetted and we've worked with Dify before, so they're at least a reliable source and the, the, the organizations that they are supporting in that cause are good. So that I think is a good baseline to start with. It's like a unified til fi campaign for the wildlife or wildlife wildfire relief.


That link will definitely be down there. As far As everything else, it's a very individual thing. So supplies, the beautiful thing is a lot of the donation places they're stocked to the brim for they're, they're just absolutely stuffed. So that's great. I do like that. I'm, I'm happy about that. But as far as financial help for like the volunteers or the people working at these places, that does help too. And the, the efforts towards the communities, that's also good. So all that's very good. Well I did give out points. It felt weird to give points for this one, but I gave out points and as is tradition, I guess I'm gonna read what points you got in no particular order. Wade, you earned points for storage.


Hunter sim. So good political fire. Mm X job. I don't know what that's about. I Don't either. Totally gonna get a car someday, guys. Come on. Hey, don't talk like that. Hey I'm gonna get one. It's really hard. Come on guys. And how low gen lights mark you earn points for buy. Let's buy a pawn. Shop a knife. A great segue to fire the airdrop action stars buying an F-150 lightning. But hey Chevy. Hey. And also auto high beams. Wade, you earned a total of five points mark, you earned a total of seven points.


Yay. It's not golf rules. Mark wins. How fucked up would it be to take the episode where Mark mainly talked about his experience fleeing the fires and trying to help people. And I was like, well, but Wade wins though 'cause he was funnier. So Sorry Mark, your points were flammable. Wade wins. It Would, I wouldn't have, you know, I wouldn't have been that upset because it wouldn't have it's precedent. There's precedent. That's true. I'm not sure what the equivalent precedent is, but I bet it's there. Everyone out there go back and rewatch all the episodes and tell us what the president was. Wade loser speech. Look, I gave it my all. I've been shoveling a lot of snow and I've been hunting a lot of storage auctions. I can see why in the greater scheme of things Mark might win this episode.


He did after all buy a new vehicle, An easy task to accomplish. Anybody who's in the market for a car could almost definitely find one that they're looking for. It Was very easy. It was very easy. I'm either gaslighting being gaslit or all of you, including my two co-hosts are in, in some greater conspiracy to keep me from getting a vehicle. And I'm just being driven slowly, insane by the madness that has ensued my attempt. Calm down Truman Mark Winter speech. Yeah, so Link is in the description for the Tilt FY campaign. I'm, I'm very grateful to win this episode and you know it's, it was quite extenuating circumstances.


There's still a lot to do. I'm hoping to carry this on and I'm grateful for this win and to be here with my friends to talk about it. So that's what I'm grateful for. Alright, Well congratulations. That's the end of the episode. I still don't remember everything that we talked about. I feel like we just had quite the journey. Thank you everyone for listening. Thank you even more for watching you know who you are. This has been Distractible. Make sure that you check us out on social media and YouTube and Twitch and the stuff like that. 'cause we all do that sort of stuff. And that's it. Thank you so much everybody here on the next one podcast out.