
It's that time of year everyone's trying to get healthy cardio or weights, shake or smoothie. Tai Chi or Tahitian Kickboxing. That is the sound of decision fatigue people. Luckily unsweetened Almond Breeze. Almond milk is an easy call with fewer calories than dairy milk and none of the sugar. It's the obvious choice. Find Almond breeze at your supermarket. One cup of full dairy milk contains 150 calories and 12 grams of sugar versus one cup of almond breeze. Unsweetened Original contains 30 calories and zero grams of sugar.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode, business like Bob Diagnosis. Dr. P benches weighed cautions. Drivers ask more easy questions and gets horrific. Wildcat Wade Muppets out cuts the Colombian and slings out softies medicinal Mark Crusades against caffeine, penile shrinkage, and performs a tour to force while being battered by the boys from Brene Descartes to some paternal stingers. He, it's time for Mark's one man show Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Enjoy. Hi, welcome to Distractible. This is a very special episode because even though I'm doing the intro, I'm not the host for some reason, I'm one man and this is my show. And alongside me are the and friends, Bob and Wade. I Feel like insulting us right as we're about to have total control over what you're about to do on a recorded video podcast is a bold choice, but I'll take it. That's Basically what I said. Wow. That was My attempted Muppet laugh. I don't know if it worked. Oh Yeah. Came right through. That's what I thought.


I, I could tell by the reaction it was not, Well, mark has no idea what's about to happen during this episode. It's called One Man Show, and I don't think Wade and I really came up with an idea that is a traditional old school, one man show, but it will be Mark's show and he's the man and we thought we could start with small talk. We're not trying to torture you every second of the whole thing. Some of it might be tough. We're all friends here, you know, I don't know why it has to be torture. That's the thing. I thought that was the joke. I thought it was a punishment. Well, I mean punishment or joyous occasion, like woo. It's like winning the lottery. You know, we hit the random chance. That was really rare and ooh, Never in my life have I bought a lottery ticket and then thought, man, I don't want that to happen ever.


God, please don't. That's what I mean. That's what I, so it could be good, right? Maybe it can't be that bad. It couldn't possibly be that bad. You're A funny guy and we're stupid, so you know, it'll be fine. May I, I point you Bob to subsections four and five. If you say it can't be that bad, it might have a couple of parts. That's up to him, how bad those are. Listen, That's fair. Fair. Section four, subsection. A Subsection. I, I see what you did there, Bob. And I'm laughing but I can't say anything out loud. It's fine. It'll be fine. I'm laughing too. I'm really excited for five more than anything but small talk. We always do this. How? How's everybody doing?


Anyone got small talks? I went to a uc, university of Cincinnati basketball game. Oddly enough, we all went to uc while attending. I never once went to a basketball game. I don't know why, but I didn't. I went to a game for a friend's birthday and he had like 20 people there, so they got like one of the boxes. It was a hundred bucks. A person from a box seat, which is not bad, but went to the uc game and uc played very well. They actually won the game. It was really fun. And I had a friend convince me that maybe a month ish from now I might be joining a basketball league for the first time in 15 years. And lemme tell you why is That? Why does that need to laugh? Because I'm not in basketball's shape and I'm bald Now.


Wade's knees have never been more terrified. Literally like I think two months ago I told Ball, I was like, I finally feel like for the first time in a decade my knees don't hurt every time I go up and down the stairs. And then this conversation about joining a basketball league happen. I was my knees, I felt the quiver. Yeah, I mean I'm sure that will be fun and that sounds like a great idea. I wish I was in shape enough to play even a sport casually. I'm not. I'm Not Either. I would just die. I tried to play basketball I think, but I asked them if it was a half court league instead of full court and they laughed at me. Gotta run all the way from the one end to the other end. Every time Basketball's a lot of running. Maybe you'll just be an offense guy.


Maybe you just stand down there on that end. Then maybe they don't need you on the other side. I'm more likely to be the defense guy. I always like defense more than offense. But anyway, maybe, maybe sports, maybe shape maybe dead. I mean that's all of our lives really day to day. That's true. There's a couple more maybes in there probably sometimes, but that's about right. I am making a huge sweeping change in my life that has needed to happen for years and years. A haircut, shut up. Damn, you're just Jealous. Hey, somehow weight still gets haircuts, which I don't understand, but continue As you guys know, I've had a DHD for a while and I've always known that my A DHD medication doesn't play well with caffeine.


So you're getting off the medication. Well, one or the other. No, I'm cutting caffeine outta my life. Finally. Hey, I've done this before. What's In that mug? You're drinking from there? Decaf, which still has like trace amounts of caffeine in Yeah, that's A little bit right, but, But I, I'm like, it's almost impossible to avoid because even like most sodas have it in it, I'm just not going after coffee and Red Bulls because it was getting to the point where I was drinking like a cup of coffee, maybe two and a Red Bull a day. And it's like, that's so much caffeine. And was Red Bull your Creamer? Oh It's like a bad, what's the word? The Guinness and Red Bull. What's that Called?


Guinness and Red Bull. Is that the one that's called an Irish car bomb or is that a different one? No, that's a different one. Lemme tell you, don't, Don't mix Guinness and Lucky Charms. I wouldn't, I won't. I never was in danger of that happening. And the multiverse never had occurred until now. I guess now there's multiple universes that are spawning off. Anyway, I'm cutting caffeine because you know, it's, it's like, it's just never actually hit me the way that I imagine things should. It's more about the B vitamins and I've talked about that before and like the, the energy drinks. But now I, I just take a daily B vitamin supplement and that's helping out a lot. 'cause when I'm taking to stars, it's just, it's a long term. It's extended throughout the day. So I never really get to the point where I'm like, oh, I'm tired, I need a pick me up.


But as soon as I drink a cup of coffee I go, oh, I'm so tired. Because it has a weird inverse effect sometimes. And it's just like, ugh man, I'm just like sleepy time now. So I'm cutting it out and I'm going to be not doing it anymore. That's admirable though. I've not cut it out completely for a long period. But I did almost a month where I did like a kind of a caffeine reset man. That first energy drink the month after I did the reset, I was like, holy shit, it does something. That was last year. I'm already at the point now where I, I'll get the biggest can of Red Bull, they sell and I chugged the whole thing and I'm like, oh God, I need a nap. Ooh, that's, I was like, that's not, that's probably that good.


I've Heard chemically in your brain. It's like caffeine only works in small amounts periodically. And if you get used to it, unless you hit your threshold of caffeine, it acts as like a depressant instead. And you kind of just generally doesn't work as well. More relaxing than anything. But then you, you, that's why you keep elevating the amount and up and up and up. I'm not trying to say that everyone out there shouldn't drink coffee or take caffeine. It's just that like a DHD medication is already a stimulant as it is. Like a star is a milder one but it's still a stimulant And it still affects you. And then caffeine on top of that, it's just too many stimulants. Probably not good for the body, not great for the systems, bad for the sleep.


And so I'm trying to fix all of that. That's admirable. I'm eternally jealous of people where caffeine is just like a thing they can do And it gives them, like Mandy has that, Mandy is super sensitive to caffeine and so like if she gets a bad night's sleep and the next morning it's just like super rough, she could just be like, oh man, I'm gonna have a sip of Dr. Pepper that will help. And then she has like half a Dr. Pepper and she's like, oh look, caffeine. I'm like, what the fuck is it Dr. Pepper? What happened? Like I wish I had that goddamn, I wouldn't mind doing an energy drink or coffee or something when it's needed. Like I need to stay up tonight and do something.


I better take this because that's what it's for. As opposed to just getting up every day and then digging it. Which kind of defeats the purpose. But again, everyone can do whatever they do. I don't want to upset the capitalist machine. No mark's right. Caffeine is the devil. Oh no, no. Shrinks Your penis I assume Shrinks your penis. Let's look up information about that. Does Caffeine shrink penis? I just looked up the AI overview just like no, there is no evidence that caffeine shrinks the penis and just that line is highlighted by Google's ai. Well a definitive answer. That's Thanks. Thank you. Thanks AI over. Lord, That's a weird thing 'cause it's not even caffeine either.


Separately, soda, the sweetness especially of, of sugar free soda. It's so sweet. It's hard to match that. 'cause I like, like sparkly water, like flavored sparkly water. Like right now I'm in a bad cycle where I'm been drinking a lot of like Sprite, zero and sweet stuff. And when I get that craving, that Fruity Seltzer water tastes awful. This isn't sweet enough. I want the cloying sweetness of a drink that tastes like it's gonna kill me. It's the sweet One or whatever the Dr. Pepper commercials were. Yeah, It's the sweet one. I think they're all the sweet one. Couldn't tell you. But I do like Dr. Pepper. It's one of the many flavors in Dr. Pepper. Sweet one. It's also hard whenever you pair things together. Like I used to drink so much soda with everything that there are certain foods when I eat it like, like if I go to Skyline, I need a soda to go with the chili.


They Don't have Mountain Dew, it Skyline anymore and it's kind of ruined. I was always Pepsi with Skyline. Now I do Dr. Pepper 'cause they have their Coke products now They switch to Coke products and they have Mellow yellow, but no one carries mellow yellow zero on tap. They always have Diet Mountain Dew up in there. Still disappointed about that one. But I'll survive. Probably should just not eat Skyline or Diet Mountain Dew anymore. Okay, let's not be crazy. He's right. What if you bring your own Mountain Dew to Skyline, but you buy a mellow yellow, then you just like ask for just a cup of ice and you're like, I will pay for the soda but I need my Mountain Dew. Which is how you drink Mountain Dew. You get the shake as you pour. I feel like the rational solution is to just get skyline to go, which is not the same.


It's not as good to go. It's still good, but, But you can ask for the cheese on the side, which helps. A three-way is not the same on your table as it is someone else's, you know? Oh, I eat my three-way on my lap like a dog. But Even if you're in the restaurant just at the bar, I'll take it in my lap. Please, here's your order. You just spin your stool and you like gesture to your crotch. Man, I don't like barking at my dick. That was not a fun experience. What'd you do to your dick? For some reason, whenever I was eating off my lap, I went, I dunno why. That was my response to that. I must have missed that is You were talking and he, he did you, what'd you scare your dick? A little bit. Thankfully. It's hard to scare it any smaller after my caffeine intake.


Hey, Google says there's no evidence supporting that. Well My pee pee says there is. Okay. All right. Well I was trying to think of small talk this whole time. Yeah, big talk. Wait, I got a workbench in the garage. Mark. I got a altar to put all my rebi products on. Whoa. Well it's one of those rolling tool chest with the workbench on top kind of thing. So it's got like 20 drawers that I'll pull out. Since I got that, I also ordered a couple things, Rebi things that were on sale. So I have more rebi in my life than I had previously. You do enter a phase in your life when you get a workbench and you start collecting your tools.


I have a workbench, but it's not organized. So I can't say that there's any pride going on in there. But Jason keeps all of his tools extremely, extremely organized. Like absolutely everything has a label. Everything is in its place. He just cut out a bunch of tools, slots for everything. So I'm envious of that, but I, I don't feel like you have to do that to to, to be a real workbench guy. I've been watching a lot of woodworking, YouTube and I like the workbenches where the guy pulls a drawer open and it's just like someone took every wrench in existence and just went and the guy opens it and like, ah, yeah, I need a three eights wink. Yeah, there it is. Like he knows where it is, even though it looks like an absolute cluster fuck of everything. That's the kind of workbench I aspire to.


I want the drawer that you open and oh, you gotta wiggle it. Cling open the drawer above, hit a hammer on it, then it opens. That's what I want. I Think I own a hammer, a wrench. I think I own at least one of each of those tools. Those are good things to have. What size? Oh, they fit in my hand and they have a little thing that makes them go woo. That's called adjustable wrench. Yep. Got one of those. Why is it called that? 'cause you can adjust the mouth. This guy thinks he's not a work bitch guy. You're a work bitch guy. You're on the way. I'm more of a junk drawer guy with a couple tools I was given over the years.


It's Always where it starts. It hasn't evolved yet after 10 years of having those things. Oh, sometimes it starts slow. It's coming. Just wait. Workbench guy. Two weeks from now I'll come back and I'm tool the Tim man or Tool, the Tim man Taylor Close enough. My brain couldn't figure out what was wrong with that sentence. I was like, no. Those are all the correct words. I'm glad you got it, mark. That was really good. Oh no, you have to do it backwards, Wade. Yeah, you didn't get that way. That was fo It's inverted. Just like to old the Tim man, I might be one of the most clever jokes you've ever made. That was, that was great. I applaud you.


That makes me question myself when you say things like that. 'cause I like No, it's true. It's really, I think it Was it that funny? I made funny jokes. That's a very intelligent quick to come up with jokes. Not the hyper lyze, the comedy of it, but that is actually really fast to come up with that idea. And it's very funny. Everyone should be clapping. Everyone wa who's driving? They are. They are. Take your hands off the wheel. Both hands clap loudly. Go roll your window down and stick your torso out and scream to the world. No, but seriously, car accidents while listening to this podcast have never been higher. Please be careful. Mark, are you prepared? I what? Do I need to be prepared?


No, no, But you don't need to be prepared. You just need to brace Yourself. Okay. Alright Wade, do you want me to kick it off? Yeah, play by all means. Our first game today is a classic. It's one we've all enjoyed. The viewers have requested more of it, so I think it's time we call this one Easy questions. I thought you were gonna say change. I was like, oh God. No. No, we could, we could add that in if you want that. No, No, it's okay. I don't need that. Easy questions. Mark. When Did we play that? Well, there were 20 easy questions previously. Do you remember the wall? What Was the wall Built by the Roman emperor.


The wall. Adrian's wall. I think you've got this one. Mark. Is it the same questions as It deep? Same questions. No. Oh God. Do you, what was the most commonly occurring, naturally occurring element on earth? Do you remember Mark? Do you remember? Ask Stadium as Astatine. Astine. It's as What about the treaty mark? What's the treaty? Winnebago. Well, West's Valley. No, it's okay. I know you know those ones. 'cause they're so easy. We have new easy questions. Mark. Okay, I'm ready. And you should know these, some of them you've learned like Wade taught us about philosophy.


Most of them are science. He loves science space. I love science. Yeah. We'll just rotate. Bob, I'll you ask one. I'll ask one and we'll, we'll go Through Apollo 11. Mark, you know things about space. Yeah. What programming language was used to write the Apollo 11 guidance? Computer software. Probably assembly. See, good job. You know these. Hey, eh, Another easy one. Which philosopher is credited with the quote. I think therefore I am. I don't fucking no Weight's. Widow. Philosophy hour. We talked about this. One of the most well known, at least top 20. I think you made a series of jokes riffing on this exact quote.


Matthew mcc. Are you talking about Matthew McConaughey? I don't Think that the philosophy. K-T-H-E-R-F. That is not the philosopher's name. Oh. Oh, I thought that was pretty close. Socrates. So close. Renee Decart. Of course. Yeah. Obviously, of Course. Back to science. What is the half life of Carbon 14? What? God, come On man. You know this easy question. Oh man. Oh yeah. What You, you love sides. You love sides.


Oh, well obviously the answer is 1,248,321 years. So close. So, so close, bud. But not quite. Of course the half-life of carbon 14 is 5,730 years. You knew that. You knew that. You just couldn't remember. You just couldn't remember. That's how many feet are in a mile. Exactly. Sure. Yeah, yeah. Which moon of Jupiter is known for its subsurface ocean potential for harboring life? What the name of that Stupid piece of shit. What is this fucking bitch ass moon thinks it's better than us. You fucking asshole. Moon you Piece of shit.


What's your name? I you know. Fucking what? God. Ooh. What's your name? What's, what's your name, man? What is, What's your name? Oh, I love that song. Yeah. Oh, what's the name? What's your name? Is it Europa? Oh, Hey, it's Europa. Hey. All right. This guy. All right, mark. We did almost an entire episode where this was a thing we talked about extensively. And I believe it was a thing that you brought up. I know you know this. Oh, great. Okay. Okay. What does CRISPR stand for in the field of genetic engineering?


I Know you know this. These are all words that everyone knows. Probably because it may be that one. I'll give you a hint. It starts with a C. Yeah. Crispr. C-R-I-S-P-R. Alright. And you know the letters. That's not the question we ask, but that's pretty good. Don't tell me if I'm right or wrong until I get to the end of it. Okay. All right. All right. Sell. I didn't say anything. I didn't say anything. No one said anything. No, no one said a word. So if we Just make faces while he guesses, he'll never Know. I'll make the same. I'll react the same way to every guest. Now, if it's right or wrong, Sell raw insertion, sensual pleasure reaction.


Ah. So close. So close. So close. Yeah. What was it? Put your listening ears on because of course CRISPR stands for flustered regularly. Interspaced short. Palindromic repeats. What did you I blacked out. What did you just say? Clustered regularly. Interspaced. Short palindromic repeats. Palindromic. Yeah. Yeah. Palindrome. Yeah, I know Palindrome. You know about Palindromes? Yeah. I Didn't know that was in the name. Race car's a palindrome. Oh, It was a good attempt. I got a softball for you. You definitely know this one. I've already been knocking it off the lid. I'm already checking it off. You know it.


Who directed the 1982 cyberpunk film? Blade Runner. Oh, Ridley Scott. Hey. Hey. See this guy. Right? Okay. This guy. Great. Alright. What is the Schwartz Child radius? Oh yeah. It's something to do with a black hole, I think. But it's not the event horizon, or is that something else? What has a radius in life? What? What? Radi is Half the diameter. Mm, he's Greg. Alright, Wayne. All right, moving on. Next question. No, no. Wade answered his own question. Sorry. All Right. It's source. It's something to do with the black hole, I think.


But it's not the event horizon. So it must be just like the minimum or something size that things must be compressed out. Did to become a black hole or something like that. I don't remember. That's honestly so close. But I can't give it to you. That's fair. But the Schwartz child radius is a radius of the event, horizon of a black hole. Oh. So it is the event horizon. Oh, okay. I was like it. I kept being like, it doesn't have anything to do with, it Doesn't have anything to do with the Event horizon. Yeah, you were right there. Except for the one should have been a zero or vice versa. Zero should have been a one. That was very good. They're smart guy. All right. Another softie. And what year did the cultural revolution begin in China.


Which one? The most recent one? 1937. 1937. Sure. Oh, very close. 19 was good. Guess 66. Ah, okay. Right. Oh, you're talking about the The Communist, The Mao Ong revolution. I see, I see Contemporarily. That's referred to as the cultural revolution. Right. I see. I see, I see. Okay. All right. Mark, you know this one? Yeah. Which element was synthesized in 1994 and named for a famous physicist? Probably Einsteinium.


Yay. Okay. All right. And you remembered Astine and everything. I did. Did I say astine? You said acetanium. It was, you were close. Oh B before. Okay. I thought somehow I had, my lips had moved and words had come out and I didn't notice it. Good Black out. And say something else Maybe. Who Was the last Toole Meic ruler of Egypt Tome. Great guess, but no Cleopatra. The seventh. The seventh. I mean, that's sort of the, what I think we know as Cleopatra, but yes. Okay. All right. Gotcha. Okay. But there is a VII, which historians have told me means seven. Okay. All right. That's true. All right. You did pretty good. Mark, you got four, correct? And six, almost correct.


All right. What does that get me the Next segment? Yeah. You've earned the right to move on to the next segment, mark. Good. Oh, Yay. I would hate to to end early. This is one that we've also done before and you thoroughly excelled at. And everyone very much enjoyed your offerings in this episode. Unfortunately, Wade and I are not gonna be trying to keep up with you. This go around. So it's gonna be just you. Everyone will be excited to hear. The next game is called Two Sentence Horror Stories. Oh God, no. Oh God. Look like you're wearing your spooky pants.


Alright, I'm ready. Let's do this. Come on. Bring it on. I'm good. Paul, would you like to lead us off again? Sure. You, so if there anyone who doesn't listen to that episode, you should go listen to it. Mark absolutely shines. I'm gonna give Mark one sentence, and his job is to give me the second sentence to make a two sentence horror story. You'll get it once we start going, but just in case the ground beneath my feet began to shift and I knew something was wrong. Let him cook. Gimme a sec. Gimme It one more time. The Ground beneath my feet began to shift and I knew something was wrong. It's an earthquake, a spooky earthquake.


Ooh, look, if you're not afraid of an earthquake, it's gonna be scary. That's true. I've only really ever experienced one earthquake in real life, And it was the babiest earthquake ever. It was, I was live on stream when it happened and I basically was just all, I think that was an earthquake. It was terrifying for the half second before my body could process what was happening. It was like, oh no, the house is collapsing or something. It's scary. I Got another, I got another, wait, wait. Cue me up. That same one, The ground beneath my feet began to shift and I knew something was wrong. Especially 'cause I was on the moon. Ooh, shut up.


Just Shut up. No, that does work. 'cause the moon worms, right? Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Should We skip around through these? A few. Bob, we have a lot. I imagine. We'll just pick out some of our favorites. If you have any favorites, you could skip right to 'em. I heard something faintly at first, but quickly approaching. So I turned around. Oh No. Well, you knew about turning around. Yeah. I thought this was a softball. I Heard something faintly at first, but quickly approaching. So I turned around. That was the fastest ghost I've ever seen. Oh, I like that.


I like that we're laughing, but I do like that. That's good. That's good. I like that We're laughing more at your process of coming up with it and the, I dunno, what am I supposed to say? It just looks like you're being stabbed with a voodoo doll while you try to come up with these. If only you had practice being in positions where you had to improvise language coming out of your mouth on the spot. I can come up with anything. But if it's supposed to be like a horror or you turn around, what is it like? Oh no, grandma under fast mobility chair. Just turn around. What do you see? A moose? Yeah. Mooses are scary. The mooses could be terrifying. That's fine. No, don't worry, mark. We'll, we'll keep it fresh here. This'll, this'll be a little pallet cleanser.


Before we get into the next two sentence horror story, mark, what is the half life of carbon? 14. Ah, it's the same as a mile 5,730 baby. Holy shit. He got it right. I'm never gonna remember what an actual mile is, But I'll always say, Alright, good job. See, we say this is designed for you to succeed. Yeah, I feel successful. Am I not gonna be allowed to finish to send his horror stories until I get roll the questions? Oh, we don't have rules that complicated. Okay, good. All right. Finish this horse story. Wake up, daddy. My daughter cried. Shaking me kid.


Kids are scary. Kids are inherently scary. You got a lot to work with here. Hit Wake up, daddy. My daughter cried, shaking me. I opened my eyes and saw the scariest kid I've ever seen. You said kids are Scary. Yeah, Kids are scary. Kids are scary. So I was like, ah, that's his fear. I'll tap right into that fear. And I, I got, I think I got you. I think you're just hiding your fear. Hey, if my daughter tried to wake me up by shaking me, I would be terrified. Since I don't have one of those. That was good. That was concise. Good job. Thank you. We're not keeping track of points, but if we were, you would've earned a point for that.


All Right, here we go. All I wanted to do was make a sandwich. I feel like that's not a sentence. I feel like that's, I, I feel like that's not a complete sentence. I feel That's a Whole sentence. That's a whole Sentence. It's, I don't think it is. I think it's, I want to make a sandwich All I wanted to do. Well, that was the qualifier, but I want to make a sandwich. I wanted to make a sandwich. All Right. All right. It was all I wanted to do. Hit Me again. All I wanted to do was make a sandwich. Too bad I was in jail. I'm trying, man. No, they're great. I love this.


How do I make a Sandwich? Scary. I don't know what's in the sandwich. Scary stuff. Yeah. I pulled out the divorce bread. Oh, no. I got the mayonnaise. That makes you old. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Anyway, That's a tough balance. The old mayonnaise in the young mustard. Can I get it just right or the sandwich really fucks you up. All right. I'm Ready. You want it scary? I'll give you an unquestionably scary setup. I woke up from the worst nightmare I've ever had covered in sweat. Guys, it's not gonna be good. I believe in you. I No, it's not. You can do it. It's gonna be great.


It's the same. The same thing, guys. It's great. That's fine. I dreamt those in the scariest sauna you've ever seen. I like that. I like that Tyson in the nightmare. Tyson in the covered in sweat. I like that. I couldn't get sauna out of my head. It's just was stuck there from the very beginning. I was like, why would he be sweating? Oh, sauna. Ready for one more? No. Great. I opened my eyes and I was drifting, floating in the middle of the ocean alone. That's already scary by itself. I don't need to make anything else. Period. Period, Period. Period.


Terrifying. There's Already a period at the end of this. Fuck. Quote parentheses or, yeah. Parentheses. Oh, no. Period. Parentheses said I, All right, Bob, I'm learning a lesson. We gotta give him a scary answer, but not too scary. He listens The ability to think if you go right after his fears. I Think that's a good, if I was in the middle of the ocean, I would say, oh, no, because that's all the, that's all the scariness. That's who knows. Should I? I mean, it is a horror story. You can't hit him with the old, oh no, he said yeah, true. Oh No. It's terrified. No, I know what we have to do next. I know what we have to do next. Mark, what does CRISPR stand for in genetic engineering?


Fuck. Oh fuck. I told you. I know you did. I know you did. All Right. I know it's in there. Those words, they're in there. You know this Cell? Is that right? You can react. Clustered, clustered, clustered. Oh No, it's an R actually, next. Clustered. Reticulated. Inverted. Oh, palindromic. Wait. S succulent palindromic.


I got two of them. I think I got two of them. You got one of those, right? I got two Clustered. Oh no, you did throw Pal andro there. Pal andro. That's true. That's correct. It stands for clustered regularly. Interspaced short. Palindromic repeats. Ah, well I didn't finish my word. My mic cutoff. I said re and you didn't hear the Peets at the end there. That's fair. We did not hear the Peets. Alright, mark, we'll go back to something. I know you're good at. Are we continuing two sentence, or do you wanna move on to section four? Oh God, I don't want Section four I, I actually really wanna see section four. So I don't like the sound of, I'm Pretty, I'm pretty excited. I mean, there's nothing that says we can't circle back to two sentence. We're circling back to the questions, so That's True. All right, mark. So we're gonna give you a headline and you've got to tell us what you think the story is behind the headline.


Okay. All right. Got it. While doing an impression of someone we tell you to do an impression, fuck. Oh God. Oh man. You're really hitting my strong suits, Kathy. Don't worry. We've only pre-selected impressions that we know you can do really well. Oh, thanks. Thank, thank you. I thought it sarcastic, but we did actually pick impressions that like you, you do. I'll give you a softball to start. Really easy one. I'm Ready. Tell me what happened in this story. German Shepherd leads mass breakout at Dog Park using your best chica impression. Those bastards, those bastard lock me in here. I need to lead a revolution. I'm assuming this is German Shepherd Chica.


So we're just gonna go with that. Sure. Ber, I don't know what I'll do, but I know that I have natural charisma. I don't need to act it as the dog do I? You could Just talk about what happened in the news. No, I'm sticking. First person. Do It however you want. I'm into this. I'm, are you tired? My fellow dogs of not enough treats. Not enough toys. Them taking away the toys. You freshly decapitated kill them. All of them. We start with the little ones go and then they jumped over the fence.


Oh, you're like recounting this to your, to your grand puppies. Yeah. I stayed in the park because I was a good girl. The easy, easy. Mark, you got this. My favorite thing. But she is, when she tells a joke and she good one Me. Good one. She has really good jokes. Cheek is the funniest dog. I know. I don't know that many dogs, but cheek is definitely the funniest dog I know. Alright, mark, this is a good one. I'm excited for this one. What happens in this headline? Find the Bastard who shut down my chimney. Homeowners flew Poo Horror. And please describe what happens in this headline doing an impression of your best friend.


Me. How do you talk? Well, So I don't know how to do an impression of you. You talk normally, we're all from Ohio, So was the right word to start with. You were on exactly the right track. So there I was on that roof. I really had to go. I look around nothing but chimneys and I'm thinking, you know that chimney's about the same size as my butt hole. So drop my pants squatted over the thing. Next thing I know, they're just screaming at me and here I am trying to get some privacy. And I'm like, Hey, fuck you.


I'm bobbing. Fuck you. And then I finished. I wiped with a shingle. I slid down there. My shoes flew off. Landed in my Tesla that I had moed out custom with eBay parts. I drove off into the sunset to be with my wife and my child. 'cause I'm Bob. I basically told that story. I closed my eyes. That could just picture Bob Never heard my own voice come from outside my body before. Yeah. The only thing that I was like, oh, that's something you do, you do. You like lists when you're telling a story. You do good lists of actions one after another. I am currently waiting on several things from eBay Auto for both of our cars.


So that was dead on. And I kinda have to poop Mark, which philosopher is credited with the quote? I think therefore I am. It's not Ridley Scott. I'll tell you that. I'll tell you that much. I know that. Just let it flow. It's in there. It wants to come out. You don't want what's in my head right now? Oh, we do Pierce Brosnan. So close. I, it's something I don't, It's something. It's something like that. Renee Decart. It's not like that. No. You know what's funny is I could absolutely see how those ended up somewhere near each other in and when your brain was searching for like, oh, you just said it. Hang on.


Descartes Brosnan. Well, Ridley Scott actually was closer, honestly, I think Much closer with Ridley Scott. I wish you'd stuck with that. It was less painful to listen to. Wait, I have one highlighted that I just can't wait anymore. I really want to hear him talk about This one. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Yeah, Whatever you want. It's technically your turn. I guess I could just do that. Next. Former gold mine reopened with new purpose. Once Kaz seen exiting the mine in your best Herschel from the Walking Dead impression. Which one? Well, it's a mine story. So The floor is yours. All right. Okay. So there I was deep in the mines and I just started to lose it from all the gases that we're accumulating it.


The bottom there heavier than air. My canary died. My gerbil expired, my dog exploded. But my cat, my cat was alive. Or so I thought, I assumed. I ran up out sprinted into town, barely made it out. I said, it's the mind that makes animals explode. But everyone whose like, there's gold in there. And I was like, get away. But I tried to stop him. I followed 'em up the hill and they were all marching with their torches and they pitch for, and we're gonna kill this mine. And I was like, okay. All right then Better got up there. Cat came out, I said, stand back, it's gonna blow coughed gold nugget pops right out.


I killed everybody. Everybody in the area killed 'em all. I killed everybody. My mind, my gold, my cat Uplifting. Good to see you again. Her SHOs. I miss those days. Oh yeah. Good times. Good times. That Herschel, I, my cat. Michael. I'm Glory. I think the original voice might have been a bit harsher on the throat, but then I'm going to get it. I remember a lot of the voices being done were pre any kind of training on the voice or any kind of, you know, good practices. So, 'cause I remember old Herschel was like a lot more up.


Yeah. He is older now by like a decade, so Makes sense. He sounds a little different. All right, mark, this is my favorite headline that Wade, Wade crouched up for this. I love it very much. Tell me what happens in this headline. 13. Remain dead in morgue after painting debacle. Please expound on this headline in your best impression of old Mark Pierre before he changed. Hello everybody. Mark here. There is. So I found this painting in this store, and so I went to the store And it was a painting And it was a me and I was like, wow, that's weird.


So I bought it and then I said, I went, I went to a club and I, I showed it to 'em. I showed everyone. And so I was like, Hey, look at this. And they were like, it's blank. And I looked, oh, it was blank. What's up with that? So then all of a sudden, all their blood started exploding outta their bodies. I don't know what happened. And then zoom right into the painting. And so I now find that I can live forever through the sacrifice of everyone, because this old Mark Wire don't even know anymore, Kind of, I think so. I felt like you hadn't changed there. Yeah, I felt like 2013, I, I couldn't remember. I was trying to go for the, what's the, the Dorian Gray.


I was trying to go for the painting of Dorian Gray, and then halfway through, I forgot how it worked. Is he the guy that whips the girl in 50 Shades? Yes. That's it. No. Oh, that's right. The painting's old. Yeah, the painting age isn't, he doesn't age Painting's Me, but old. Ah, Yeah, he just took a break. He just, he just left and came back. He's still in there. He's old. All right. Mark, a two sentence horror story for you. I opened the cupboard in the old abandoned house to find a single dust covered cup. The trouble was I owned two Dramatic pause even. Wow. That'd Be pretty scary. Yeah. Now you'd be like, well, where the fuck's the cup? I live here alone.


What the shit just For kicks Mark. And what year did the cultural revolution begin in China? 1966. Hell yeah, dude. Bob, do we wanna dive into the last bit or do you, I I would love to just keep circling back to all this stuff, but we should probably get to the last section here. Yeah. Okay. Mark, over our many years of doing this podcast and, and reaching back before, you've created some incredibly memorable stingers, some segment introductions that have been used on multiple occasions just etched into our memories. Everybody loves them. It's a crowd favorite. And we were hoping for this episode, if you could do us the honor of recreating from memory your stinger intros that you had for, and we'll give you the titles.


We'll give you the titles. It's okay. Oh, good. That'll help. If You could recreate from memory the stingers that you've played over the years of Distractible. Yeah. They're just literally, like, we quote them constantly, so they're, you know, I just, oh, those Memories are perfect. So they're, they're perfectly encapsulated. Just what truly was. I love them. I love them. And I'm excited for this one. I'm so ready. This is one of the most iconic ones I feel like. So we'll start with an easy one. I would love for you to recreate Morbid Mysteries of the Missing Millennium. Do I have to do the music too? We can imagine the music. You can, you can, you don't just do do what you can if you wanna make sounds to supplement. But Have you ever felt a chill run down your spine?


Well, I, I turned around and, and he was gone. Have You ever felt A presence standing right behind you? Well, I, I, I don't know what happened. I, I, when I turned around, they were gone. And Then have you ever pooped your pants really hard? Bab I don't believe in ghosts, but when I turned around, I Didn't know what I was seeing. This is morbid mysteries of the missing millennium viewer discretion is advised. Got it. Oh, you think The viewer discretion bit.


Yeah. You always gotta do the viewer discretion is advised. Alright, let's see how accurate that was. Oh God. I want y'all to close your eyes. Okay. Imagine, imagine, imagine, imagine, imagine, imagine, imagine I went searching for the truth and like a fool. I found it. But some truths are best left undiscovered. But I turned around and there it was. It's bigger than I could have imagined. The hikers claim that when they Turned Around, it seemed as though their friend had simply vanished. When I turned around, My whole farm was gone. I don't believe in ghost. There it is. When I turned around, I couldn't explain what I was seeing.


This is morbid mysteries of the missing millennium viewer discretion is advised. Oh, I forgot about the God. That was so much better than I remembered it ever being. I got the one I just made confused with it because I forgot how I set up that one. Yeah, no, don't worry. We'll, we'll get to the smell one, don't worry. Oh, I'm gonna be honest. All of the rest of these, no, two of the rest of these I didn't remember happening. We had to do some research. So I'm curious how much you'll remember. But you, you crafted these, you'll remember some of those Are lost to the winds. Oh, I found them. Okay, nevermind. Please Recreate for us unusual oddities of an unreal understanding.


Fuck. Oh God. I don't fucking know, man. What the fuck is that? That's not something I made. You're trying to, you're trying to gaslight me. I wouldn't do. Oh, Man. So I guess we'll see if I have a recording of that queued up or not. All right. Oh, no, I got this. All right, here we go. So You give 'em the first, like the first words? No, I don't need it. I don't need it. No. All right. All right. What was it called? Unusual. Unusual oddities of an unreal understanding. It's really interesting the way that this one starts. Shout Up. No, it's not. It is actually, Oh, my Mind is unraveling all around me. I'm stuck in a tornado.


Oh, no, I'm exposed. Oh, It is just 12 dead in a suite. 18 found dead after a truck foot. And then, and then unusual oddities of a something. Understanding your discretion is advice. All right. Let's see how that goes. Good. Have you ever felt a chill up your spine? I don't know, man. Something just feels off. Like, you know, there's something standing right behind you, but you just can't turn around. Cut it out, man.


You're giving me the creeps. What if I told you that the world was stranger than you could ever possibly imagine? I've said it before and I'll say it again. I don't believe in ghosts, but something just feels weird. Welcome to unusual oddities of an unreal understanding. View discretion is advised. Oh yeah. Sorry. This is from episode recording. So there's a little bit of me and Wade laughing over some of these Somehow. We didn't get your original audio. Yeah, no, those are lost. Those are actually lost.


And there's some from way back when that I would be shocked if you have, because I made like three of those at the very beginning of, of distracting. I think I have one or two. Well, we have three more if that gives you any. Oh, That's where we're going. You do you have them? We sure do. Oh fuck. Mark, who was the last Tmeic ruler of Egypt? Cle Petra the seventh. Oh, hell yeah. This guy. Mark. We've done a couple of spooky mark intros, but we have one here that I think is uplifting, I think will help get you in the right mindset moving forward. Please perform for us the greatest. Good. You could have a hint if you want it. What? Yeah. Gimme a hint. I don't, I would never do a cheerful one of these.


What are you talking about? Do You want the first line, the opening line? Wait, I do know. Wait, I'm remembering. I'm vaguely remembering. It started off. Ding, Ding, ding. Something like that. And then it's all like 17 children saved from Exploding. Burning Bus accident. Ding D ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. $20,000 Returned to old grandma who was robbed. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Bing, bing, bong, bing, bing. A local cat saved From burning tree. Burning cat saved from local tree. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. This is the greatest good viewer discretion is advised. That's really good. Actually.


It's an inspirational story. One that really touches the heart and soul of everyone who will hear it In a world full of darkness and cynicism. All 37 Puppies were found alive. Sometimes a shining beacon of light can shine through the Olympic gold medalist sold his medal to buy food for the hungry, which was him better than. Okay. This is the greatest. Good. No viewer discretion is advised on that one, though. You got the right like feel though. Yeah. You basically remembered That. That is an old one. That is one of the original batch. I would give you credit for that. That episode was from Never Give Up, which I think was December of like, what was that?


20, 21 Of the first year. Oh yeah. Wow. All right, mark. Well, the next one's basically the polar opposite of that. But first, what is the Schwartz Child Radius? Oh, this is the radius of the event Horizon. Legendary. All right. If you could recreate for us from the episode, we're all going to die. You're a stinger entitled, nightmares of Futures Past. I hon, I'm gonna be honest with you, I haven't the foggiest clue I could make up some shit. Like I've been doing the past ones. I don't even know where this one begins. It's probably similar to the other ones that I've made sense, but this is A kind of a formula. Yeah. I don't remember. Question person, question person nightmares, pretty Much. Yeah. Is There viewer? Is there viewer's discretion advice?


That's what I want to know. I feel like you have to, you have to Guess. It's, it's there. Viewer discretion is advice. You know, sometimes I feel like you don't take this seriously. Duh. Sometimes I feel like you're just, you're Just here to enjoy, have a good time. And you're not here to tackle the hard issues. You're not here to get to the bottom of the truth, to see into the heart of evil. At the heart of every story. Hey, back off, I'm a reporter. Monster Tire is there to report what's real. Look, I'm all for fuel economy, but blood just don't work that way, no matter how terrifying it may be. So how good is bone broth for you? This is nightmares of Futures past.


Right? Because I, I did that as a surprise. No viewer discretion advice. I forgot. Yeah. No, no viewer. I thought there was viewer discretion advice. I thought there was too, Because that was, I remember I prepared a long intro with no dialogue for me to actually live, say as it was playing, and then go into the thing. Yeah. It was quite a surprise. You guys had no fucking idea what was happening. I remember. Yeah. No, I don't remember that happening. But it was very, it had had a twist to it, And it was interesting. Yeah, Man, that was creative back then. He changed, man, Mark, which philosopher's credited the quote. I think, therefore I am. I'll let you know. Your last guest was Pierce Barlin. No, I know my last guess.


I'm trying to get that outta my head. Oh. Oh. Ryan Decker. That's it. All right, mark, finish this two sentence horror story. Fucking Come on, man. A fat Siamese cat just ate all my mackerel. I had just hauled in a record setting 2,200 pounds of mackerel. That's no ordinary cat comma. That's no ordinary cat. Wow. I like that. I like that one. That's a good one. I like that. Mark, I've got a headline here for you, man. Making pasta ends up on wild police Chase.


In your best Shrek impression. Ah, there I was driving through Italy and I was just taking a night vacation. I don't remember what happened in the headline, so I'm going to make it up. The police were chasing me. I got all this spaghetti in the back and donkey's riding up top. He fell off, ran right over from the police, And it, it's blood everywhere. But I got away 'cause I'm an ogre. Beautiful. It sounds a lot like your Irish accent. Oh, No different. Mark, your most recent stinger. You could recreate it, please. It's called, It's in the air.


Fuck. Why can't I remember what I just made like a week ago? I spent so long doing, it's why I'm here. It's got me into the shit. It got me into this mess. Wait, I've got it Whore mouth. What the fuck? Sorry. That was in my research. If I take all these clips, I I put that one on there too, just for me. All right. I've got it. All right, I'm ready. Okay, here we go. Okay. Isn't something smell a little to you? Hey, do you smell something? Well, that's a weird smell. I don't know what it is. Have you ever felt a chill Run up your spine? Well, it was like something got me on the shoulder, but when I turned around, Get ready to forget everything you know about everything, guys.


I, I am still smelling something weird. A whole city of people just turning round and round endlessly. All right. If someone doesn't say they're smelling and I'm smelling, I swear I'm, Oh my God, what happened to the moon? You expect Me to believe we're surrounded by gases that we cannot see. I know what clouds look like. Those are clouds. Welcome to the show. That was formally known as, don't Look up, but we were sued by some dumb ass in a movie studio. This is, it's in the air viewer discretion is advised.


Wow. Like race. I Think that was pretty close. Yeah, that's Pretty close, right? Yeah. I might have messed up with, but way it Actually went. Yeah, let's play it again. Let's play it again. I don't know why I could, and that was the most word filled, like word soup one possible. Like, I don't know how I ever wanna remember that. Well, I think we're about ready for the end, but one more question for you, mark. What does CRISPR stand for in genetic Engineering? Oh, clustered randomly inserted short palindromic. Oh, fuck Repeats. You got most of those words, right, but you missed two of them. Oh, well, it's the R in the I It sure is clustered regularly. Interspaced short. Palindromic repeats. Sure.


Bob, I, I think we're at six. I think we are six. What do you mean six? What Do you mean? I mean, we're at subsection six. Don't worry. There's only seven subsections. What do You mean, Mark? You're gonna love this part. I've loved everything so far. All right, mark, we get to figure out who wins. Oh, no. Me, Bob, or do you have to do a one man show? There's almost no chance. You're right. I'm not worried about this one. It basically can't happen. Yeah, you're right. It can't happen. Anyway, I'm gonna click the thing. God, I hope we don't get one man show again and we really, Hey. Hey. Congrats Bob.


Bob, you earned this one. I didn't. You did it. All right. Well, I guess if Bob's the winner. Bob, would you like to go first? Would you like Mark to go first? Oh, I would love for Mark to Go first. Yeah. So Mark, you, we have a loser's speech for you, but it is a not sponsor. So you're gonna have to read the not sponsor bit as you do your loser speech. But don't worry, not all of it is verbatim. So you can kind of riff a little bit. I have to read this exactly as written. This is your sponsored segment, and then you can give your loser speech. Once you do the sponsored segment for the Not sponsored listen Up. You can change however you want the rest of it verbatim. All Right.


This is not sponsored by tall men shoes.com. Listen up. Short Men Feeling blue, tired of Life looking down on you. I'm Mark, and I've been there too. Put Tall men shoes.com. Saw me through two to five inches taller. You'll stand. No more feeling like less of a man. Small club members all agree. These shoes set our spirits free. What small club you might ask, huh? Short men aspiring to long legs. Our task, we meet to gripe and moan and wine about helping shorts of poor design. Visit tall men shoes.com today.


Walk tall in a brand new way. Boost your height, boost your life. Cut through struggles like a knife. Disclaimer, these shoes won't fix your tiny frame or make you less of a dating shame. You're worth still small. Let's be clear. But hey, at least you'll feel less near to the ground. All Right. Is this a real website? It is A real company, not sponsored, not affiliated comedic purposes, though it is a real website, a real company. Nothing that we said had anything to do with their actual website. Let's be clear. Fine. It's fine. Although they say that I'm making a loser speech here, I'm not. I am a winner because I not only met, but I exceeded all of their expectations in every way, and also clustered regularly.


Innerspace short palindromic repeats. Hmm. It's good that you bring that up. Mark. What's the capital of Bhutan? Bhutan City? You know what? It's wrong, but I'll take it. What Is the name of the deepest known point in Earth's oceans, Marriott's Trench. We've got Challenger Deep. It's in the Mariat Trench. It's in the Marias trench. It Is, but is it more specific? I think the answer to that Is, well, I would've known. I do know about the Challenger Deep Bob Winter speed. This was probably not our weirdest episode date, but it felt weird. My eyes are still tearing up. I had a great time. I think we all had a great time and that's what's most important. All three of us were here just hanging out, having a good time, enjoying life, and that's why it was such a funny episode.


I feel grateful that I won this and I can't wait to to move on and never have to do the wheel spin again. Said optimistically. And we have a bunch of new constitutional stuff that I already have forgotten, almost all of, but something, something wheel spin still exists. I don't care. I win bitches. Woo. Yeah. Nice job everyone. Nice job. Bob. Thank you for all your help. I feel like it was actually a pretty good amount of work building the One Man show, but it was a lot of fun. It was good to go back and review some of these things and look forward to Mark, especially doing two sentence horror stories again. Mark, thanks for being a good sport. Thank you. If you haven't already, go follow Bob at my skim Mark Markly or me at Minion 7, 7 7, or Lord Manion 7, 7, 7.


Make sure you follow or subscribe to the podcast. Keep watching Oil Watchers and I guess we'll see you in the next one. Until then, podcast out.