
This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard, up to half off select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible Offer Is Valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made. Why This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot couch. Co-op is coming back. I feel it in my bones. There's a new game that I just played recently where you use your phone as a controller and I think building the perfect room for Couch Co-op is in my future.


You Need to go to the Home Depot and to their tools section, their power tools of which they have many. Just buy all the power tools in that aisle and go home and then all your problems are solved. How many tools per square foot are we talking? Do I need enough tools to cover the floor or to reach the ceiling or You just need more tools? You don't need to have a number that you need to reach. You just need to get all the way up until you can't buy anymore. Then you have enough. But it's not enough because that was a trick question. You'll never have enough. You Can have it delivered. So people like me that don't like to leave their house and or don't have cars can just have everything they need brought to them.


It's the ultimate Lazy Man's construction method. Click Or tap the banner to shop now. This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool Rush deodorant. So remember last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. Guess what Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original cool Rush scent back. You've gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So soon you'll see why it's been the number one men's anti perspiring for the last decade. The OG degree. Cool Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by DOOM. The Dark Ages. It's software presents DOOM, The Dark Ages, a dark fantasy sci-fi experience that brings epic combat and over the top visuals to the legendary DOOM franchise dominate demon infested battlefields with devastating weapons. Soar on a Mecca dragon and witness the creation of a legend as the slayer takes on hell itself. DOOM The Dark Ages available now on Xbox Series X and S, PlayStation five and pc. Ready at M for mature. Good evening, gentle listener or watcher and welcome to Distractable. This episode Matt O Mark. Support stress has a soundboard situation and bongs his bud.


Spring brains busy. Bob Dotes on the for and scat, then bashes to Browns big balls and blowing wave like Wade declares. April Idy Hammers Swiss Halls comes on bums and struggles from podcast superiority to Dracula rolls. Ha, it's time for Mark's big downward game. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hi, welcome to Distractible. Thank you Baltimore for that incredible intro. You're a treasure.


You The man, A beautiful soul and we appreciate you. We're I I'm looking off to the left. I'm assuming that I looked Up toward the heavens 'cause he is our God. I wouldn't dare to look at him. I know my place. My name is Mark Bly. This is Distractible. You did find the right podcast. You don't need to look anywhere else. This is the only place you need to be ever and forever. All those other podcasts there, horrible people. Yeah. Get 'em. And we are the only good ones. Yeah, the only ones. Anyway, the other good ones here are Bob and Wade. Tell 'em how good you are. I'm ready for my closeup Mr. Demil. Hello. Alright, I'll go away. I'm better than both of you, which means I'm the best person on earth according to our rules.


Wow, that's true. Because we're all better than all of the rest of them. We're Might get some sweeping generalizations to start today and I'm here for It. I mean, everyone's gonna start a podcast eventually, so you know. Yeah, There's only three guys who form a podcast. Everyone is either already a podcast or, or just a podcast or waiting. It's all linguini glasses guy and mustache man. We know those three. Yep. Anyway, in this podcast we're gonna play a fun little game. Every episode's different because every episode we for some reason decided we all need to, Sorry, I cleared my throat. For some reason, we all, we decided that every episode we need to do something different including a different person hosting.


So this week I've come up with a fun game, but before we do that, It's everyone's favorite part of the podcast. Small talk. All right. I'm also extend small talk out to things going on in the world that you like. That could also be a thing. I have A question for you. Is That supposed to be something I'm aware of things going on in the world that I like? Or is that an optional kind of thing? Wait, I liked you sucking back your question. That was pretty good. Thank you. Suck it back in. I tried. He really, he sucked it back in. I saw it. I just want you to know Wade. I saw it. He did. That's what happened. I just didn't. I do think sometimes I expect just like the listeners or the watchers to pick up on, but every now and then you guys pick up on the little cues I give and I enjoy that.


I noticed it. I noticed. Thank you. All right. Anyway, are you going first weed? Yes. Very confident. I am going first because I want to know what do you guys think the best month is? I was talking to Molly yesterday and she's like, I think April's one of the best months. And I was like, you can't really swim during April. It's kinda like the rainy like, but it's kinda like the most hopeful month, at least in Cincinnati as far as like finally winter's behind us. Things are starting to bloom. It's like the, ah, we're moving it. We're transitioning into nicer weather. So I was like, I couldn't really think of a more hopeful month, but I don't know if it's the best month. We are at the end of April, but I'm like, I don't know. I really enjoy, it's my birth month and I think I'm a gift to this world.


So therefore I do think April's probably the best, but sure, sure. I don't know of a month that's gives me more hope, but I don't know if it's my favorite month as far as the season. I like having pool and hope and April's the transition to get there. Hmm. I don't think it's April, but not for any particular reason. Because I agree sir. You're lucky. I don't take a point for that. Come on. All right. But no, I I I've never really thought about what's the best month. December, I guess maybe. No, no, no.


God that was so stupid. December. What's wrong with me? Yeah, We all love Christmas. Yeah, I know. I dunno, I, I can't think of any, there's No, you can't remember any other months. No, I can't think of any but that would be my favorite or why. Oh, okay. Because I Barely keep track of the month as it's December. I'm just kind of past this. How is it already? Almost may when we're recording this. It's already May when people are listening to it. It's Gonna be my bob. What's your busy month? I, what was I asking? What's your favorite month? My busiest month? Yeah. No, my, my favorite month is I prefer the transition from hot to cold. Like coming out of winter is good and it's definitely the, this, this month we're in right now is usually in Ohio the first month where you start to get some actually warm days out.


And it's nice but I love that first like September day where like the sun comes out in the morning and it's kind of warm. Like if you're out in the sun it's warm. But then as the afternoon breaks And it goes into evening, it like cools off and you get that like cool crisp, you know you're out there like walking the dog or something and you're, and you're just wearing like shorts and t-shirt and then you're just like, ooh, it's chilly. And that that first, those first days for me are like my favorite. I love the fall. I played a lot of fall sports. I'm, I was a big football guy growing up and stuff, so like that's connected to a lot of nostalgia for me also I think. But Yeah, favorite season for sure is fall.


I love the fall transition. So I love like September, October. I think September's good because that's the month. August is very forgettable but September at least is when you go, oh shit, I only have three and a half months until the end of the year. I gotta get my ass in gear. My resolution, my resolution. Oh God I forgot my resolution. Maybe I can make it up. And then you know, I think there's a lot of potential in September and panic, which always works. That's Fair. I like the transition to warm better. But I will give this knock to April. April is tax season. Yeah, that's a pretty like the first half of April. It's Always bad. Other than my birthday, which is whatever religion you are every God's gift to this planet.


Me. Otherwise preparing for taxes and paying taxes, not the best thing. It's hard to complain What we do we're, we're pretty lucky and like there aren't a lot of parts of this job that I would openly complain to other people about but taxes man, imagine you just get like a W2 and you have like maybe you have a retirement account or something and that's like the craziest shit you have. God do I miss, would that be nice? I'd file my own taxes. So happily pretty much all of the rest of this is like super fun and I'm not at all about to complain about it. Tax withholding and benefits to underrated things, taxes Really ruin April for me. I hate them.


Can't disagree with that. I never really pay attention to taxes. I really hope my accountant is helping me on that because if not I am F-U-C-K-D fucked. Meanwhile your accountant's like Mark, you owe this much and like triple what you actually owe and they're just taking one off to The Bahamas. Ah, Whatever. You know, just take it. Can I be your accountant on the Guys? I have small talk. So I am an iPhone user and I have almost all of my computing in my life is Apple based. So judge that how you might, I'm not a, not remotely like an Apple fan boy, but I'm committed.


I've made my choice. I live in the Apple realm except for this setup that we're on right now because you can't use Apple for like streaming. You can, but it's less convenient to use Apple for all this sort of stuff that we do where it's like streaming and capturing and having a thousand things plugged into my USB ports and shit. I just have pieces, I just literally between recording episodes with you guys, stumbled upon a feature of Windows 11. That is the first thing I think I like about Windows 11, which is a piece of software called Microsoft Phone Link, which is a thing you can get on your iPhone and on a Windows 11 pc which allows you to send messages through iMessage on a Windows pc.


It's literally still like sinking in the background. I have it up on this monitor over here and it's like populating and you know when you sync your phone to things it like takes a while, right? It's slow, it's a Bluetooth but literally I can send a text to, well already I'm seeing a problem because the group text isn't working. But I just sent Mark a text that says test and I sent that by typing it into my computer And it theoretically is gonna send that to you from my phone through iMessage. I just did that. I did from Windows. So it's not a group text but I in our group text, you both are separate contacts on my, on my message list in Windows. And so I can't text both of you at the same time but I see all of the messages.


But So you Picked Mark 'cause he is hosting, I get it. That's why It's not a perfect system. This is not like, I don't think Apple really endorsed this or whatever, but this is fucking awesome that I could just have this up and so like if Mandy texts or calls or if I get other notifications 'cause it's showing me like I have email, I have, I dunno, whatever a weather alert 'cause it's a big ass storm outside right now. It's cool. That's one of my biggest gripes is when I use all my Apple stuff, all my shit is everywhere. If I'm on my MacBook, all of my phone notifications are there. I can use iMessage. I can. This is awesome And I didn't know this existed and I don't know how well it works but I just sent you a text mark so it worked.


Some amount It does work. Yeah, absolutely. It is there. I just, this is not something that maybe anyone else gives very much of a shit about. But for me this is one of my biggest gripes of like having to have PC and Mac things in my life. I'd rather just have all one. But now they're all connected Dish connected enough that if I need to do something like tend the text from my computer while I'm doing something else, I can do it. It's fucking cool and it's just built into Windows. That's cool. I appreciate it. That's dope. That's super cool. Ah, you remembered something. Sorry. You All right? Well it's your turn. Go ahead. The NFL draft happened. Ooh, I wasn't watching 'cause I assumed it would be bad. Was it bad for us?


So it's too early to tell. Sounds like it was bad Mark. I guess it was bad. What do I write about about that Bob? Too early to tell What? What do I mark on his point scheme? It was Bad. Exclamation point. Penis. Penis. Initial indications for the Bengals is, Ooh. Well what we really needed was a good offensive line. We did draft two guards So I'm sure we drafted a lot of really good offensive linemen very early in the draft. We did draft two guards I think like second and fourth round or third and fifth or something. I don't know. Not Horrible like really honestly.


But No a lot of the picks could be great players but also they're kind of like developmental for a team that needs to win. Now they're seen as like they could be great, they just need some time to develop. Rookies Aren't exactly the solution to winning Super Bowls. That's probably a fair statement. We have the biggest Swiss cheese of teams. Like you take a bite, it's like hmm, this is good. And then you take another bite it's like where's the cheese? Because it's full of hulls. That's What I think when I ate Swiss, where's all my cheese? I'm just like, when I bite air in the middle of my cheese, I'm just like fuck. He always gets me Damn it. Damn fucking Swiss douche bags. It's like the thong of cheeses.


There's a little bit of cheese and a lot of holes. What Swiss cheese are you eating where it's just like a sponge but it's all whole, it's theoretical Swiss cheese. If you turn it like in front of you at a certain angle it just disappears completely because it's like It's just Joe Burrow standing in a vast emptiness. That is usually his past protection. Damn that cheese we could be good this year. We could be the same or we could be worse is how I feel about this year. That's a lot of could bes. Those are basically the three options. Yeah, If someone told me we were gonna be any of those three, I would believe them because that's kind of how it's gone. I don't know very much about it 'cause I don't follow him.


But since we're talking football, did you guys see, I assume Mark probably didn't, but what did you see? Shadu Sanders son of Dion Sanders. I was gonna bring that up. Who also, Dion Sanders is his coach. Was his coach at Colorado Shadu as a quarterback. Apparently he launched a brand of, I don't know, clothes or lifestyle. Legendary. He launched a brand and he had a whole thing which common for guys who like know they're gonna get drafted to be like get the family together and have like a setup, right? Because they're, they're likely to be filmed or whatever. It's a big deal to get drafted. Especially if you get drafted early Projected top five pick. Yeah. And and so he had like a room, he had a special room built, which was his picked early in the draft.


Gonna be on this couch in this room with all my branding. And then he, he did get drafted, right? But he got drafted like fifth round or something, Day three, fifth round. He waited like 70 hours from when he thought he'd be picked. I'm nothing personally against the dude. I know his dad is, you know, quite the boastful, egotistical man and I'm sure his son is similar and, but he's a good football player as far as I know. But man that's gotta be so fucking awkward. I have a conspiracy theory about this. You Got your own custom built room and you're like, when I get picked first I'm gonna be sit and then for two and a half days you're like, All right, when I get picked 160 seventh I'm gonna be sitting on that couch.


This is the one guys like, god damn, he Was the second quarterback taken by the Browns. Oof. He got prank called by the son of like a Falcons defensive coordinator. Oh no. So apparently like a 21-year-old, the son of the Falcons defensive, I think it's Falcon's defensive coordinator, Eric, correct me if I'm wrong, he saw like his dad's tablet and saw like Shado Sanders number on there. Took it and was like, it'll be funny if I prank call him on his like this is my, I'm getting drafted cell phone and tell him he's getting drafted by the New Orleans Saints. Oh that's rough. So they called, they're like, this is, this is Ricky Bobby from the New Orleans Saints. We're picking you next.


This is Gary Saints. Just wanna let you know Apparently the transcript, he was like, bro, we're gonna be picking you soon bro. It's like that sounds so much like the general manager of the Saints would be talking. It's weird because people with a lot more red, like he has some red flags. Sure. And he is not the best quarterback prospect we've ever seen. But like well he's Good. He's certainly good enough to be drafted. I don't feel like he's not just drafted 'cause he is Dion Sanders kid. Like he's good. He doesn't have like a huge arrest record. He doesn't have like a whole lot. Like he's got a bit of a ego and his dad's Dion Sanders. Right, right. And maybe he doesn't have the strongest arm but he's like a good quarterback. He should have been like a, a first second rounder, most likely like second round. I could see he should have been a first or second rounder I think because there was talk of Dion Sanders that being like, I'm gonna step in and if a team tries to draft my son that I don't like, we're gonna say no, we're going to Eli Manning this shit.


I think the NFL executives came together, like the team owners and they were like, we all agree we're not taking fucking Sanders in the first like four rounds. Right? No one's gonna tell us ever again what team they're going to. We're not having this in our league. I think it was a conspiracy. I'm wearing my tinfoil hat and I think they agreed not to take him so that no one would ever have the balls to say they were gonna try to dictate where they're going again, like Eli Did as myself. I can't imagine getting drafted and then being like, not you, someone else will pick me. Yeah, I want to. But also if you're literally like one of the best in the country, not gu it's not a guarantee, but kind of it was a guarantee, right? Like he is an FL caliber player.


He at the very least is going to go and try and play in the NFL and see if he can make a career. Why can't he pick? I know it's like a pride thing and it's shitty. But if I got picked by the Browns, that's one team where I would at least be like, can I say no or do I, do I have to Browns? Because Browns in the Jets are the two places quarterbacks go to die. But I don't, I mean like, I get it And it, it's just, it's just wild. It's a crazy story. 'cause it, it does seem like they were all like, fuck that kid. Don't pick him. Even if we should. Yeah, He was projected a top like five pick and he was like the sixth or seventh quarterback taken and the second one the brown stuck really weird situation.


Yeah, that's, that's strange. Mark You know all about this from your hit podcast guy, right? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. You're a big sports podcast guy, right? So I'm sure you already talked about hours and hours about the draft and Oh yeah. It's really sad though 'cause every other player who got drafted, like the entire draft was like, well we thought Sura Sanders might go here. Like the first overall pick got no coverage because the second overall pick the Browns traded. So literally like these kids are having their moment that they've waited their whole life for and they're like ca to trade, trade, trade. Oh My God. Is Shado Sanders Going, I Campbell to Jacksonville trade for Shado Sanders. What? Oh they didn't take Shado Sanders. They took whatever that is name is number three.


It's gotta be Shado Sanders all the way to pick 1 65 With the sixth pick in the draft. The Jacksonville Jaguars have selected not Shado Sanders. And I'm just like, alright, next pick. We'll get to 'em, we'll get to 'em. That's What it was like. Like you could see some of the people like, they're like side eye, like a pick will be named. They'll be like, still not Shado Sanders. Do we talk about Shado Sanders? You know what we should do? Make every pick feel like they're not Shado Sanders. So it's like the first 165 dudes taken. It's like, eh, it's not Shado Sanders, whatever. We should move on. Well I think that's factually accurate. They should have been Shado Sanders if they wanted to be Shado Sanders. Yeah, I feel like I'm saying his name wrong.


The more I say it should, I feel like I'm too, but I don't know Should Mr. Sanders, he's an adult now. He's an NFL player. I'll call him Mr. Anyway, thanks for tuning into our sports podcast. Everyone. Yeah. Everybody here loves sports, right? Equally. Oh Absolutely. I can't believe how many points Mark must have just frantically scribbled down with all the sports discussion. I Was just, just, oh, ah man. I'm gonna need a new pen nib here. Woo. All right. I feel like he was probably like, that's what Tyler was talking about. No, that wasn't that either. I was not. I'm on a sports podcast. I forgot about It. I know this one. I Don't know this one.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. So remember last year people got really mad when degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. Guess what degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. You've gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So soon you'll see why it's been the number one men's anti purser for the last decade. The OG degree cool rushes back And it smells like victory for all of us. This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you just when you need it most. That's Uber.


They can give you a ride somewhere. They can bring food to your door. They can do all those things. I'm just thinking about the times that Uber's helped me get to and from airports going around to like conventions. 'cause sometimes it's cheaper straight at the hotels a little bit When you didn't come to my birthday party, but you Ubered somewhere else for some reason. Yeah, I have your Uber account. Where'd you go Wade? I had plans that day That weren't the thing I invited you to for my birthday celebration that I told you was very important to me. Yes. 'cause one was closer and convenient than your birthday. Your weekly haircuts that you keep on the schedule, despite the fact that I think we all know you don't need weekly haircuts anymore. I might not have been there for you, but Uber was there for me. Listen, whatever it is, big, small Bob's birthday, Uber is on the way.


So you can be on your way to what matters most to you. Not my birthday. Uber on our way. This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. You know what I got off of Amazon? That is actually a crucial component of this show. My coin that I can never remember. Which side is heads and which side is tails. Well, it's not just about products, sometimes it's about shows. And Amazon Prime also comes with prime video, Whatever it is. Prime helps you get more out of whatever passions you're into or getting into at amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


Now it's time for the main event. Boys, are you ready for Mark's big dumb word game? Yes. That. Oh fuck, shit. I forgot What I love what every Mark's idea ge starch with. Oh no. What? Fuck I forgot. What Could you have forgotten? There's so I I need like a, a buzzer sound. I, I forgot I was gonna get that. Dammit. Hold on. Keep talking about sports. Keep it up. Yeah. Shout out to the other 165 of you. Scoo got drafted. Scoo great name, Fun to watch. He was good too, I think. I dunno if he had injury concerns, That clip of him just like running down, getting that huge play and then being tackled by his face mask and the guy literally ripping his helmet off and then he stands up and he is just like, he looks like kind of a smug asshole, but also that's a pretty hard clip.


Like he looks pretty badass. 140 fourth should have was taken 1 44. My bad. I said like 1 60, 1 40 Also it's, it's every year there's a guy who's picked last and it's usually pretty nice. 'cause if you're picked last it means you were like, oh, I don't even know. Like, I hope I get drafted. But they had a, the video of the guy who got picked last this year was so sweet. He had his whole family, they were just like sitting in the family kitchen and his, I think it was Pittsburgh picked him and his name came up and but, and they were all just like, oh, it happened and everyone cried. What's his face? Brock Pretty was the last pick. He's like the only last pick to become like Brock. Pretty Moderately successful. Yeah, I think, I think I could be wrong about that, but as far as I remember, What do they call it? Last pick is Mr.


Irrelevant or is that like the last pick Quarterback? Mr. Irrelevant is just the last pick. You know what, he's relevant enough, he's a football player now. Dr. Morales can suck It. I might have to have the editors put something in 'cause I'm not sure. Can you guys hear any of this? No. Dammit. Okay. Hmm. I'll just say it with my mouth. Alright, Buzz. Well, you should get an app for your phone and then Oh, That'd be smart. Why didn't I do that? I have one. Do You guys ever just get the song My Dingaling like Chuck Berry get stuck in your head. No, but I'm familiar with the song And it sounds quite funny. My grandparents had it on like a, they had like a big jukebox, like an actual jukebox that would like pick up The, like that played 40 fives and stuff.


Yeah. Damn. That's pretty cool. They had Monster Mash and I like bread and Butter, whatever that song's called. Probably Bread and Butter or Toast and Jam or something. And they, they had other songs too. Those are the three I remember. And for some reason today my Dingling Stop talking about your dingling. Well Stop. Why, why would pressing it again not stop it? Does it just play until it's over and there's no way to stop it? Yeah. And this is a long, why is this so long? If It gives you any consolation, we can't hear that either. It was so long. Anyway. I need you.


What is this all one sound? What's happening? No, This is different sounds. Oh, Okay. Oh God. It's a whole fucking song. I can't stop it. God. Okay, There we go. Okay. All right there. I forgot. This soundboard that I have is the meme soundboard and I don't even know what the fuck. I'm just gonna go with gong. Okay, welcome to Mark's big dumb word game. Alright, yay. This, this needs a moderate amount of ex explanation. Don't worry. The ultimate perfect crime is coming. It's just, oh, I gotta work on it.


I just gotta work on it a little longer. It's, it's, it's gonna be perfect. It's gonna be great. All the other versions were terrible, awful, horrible even. But the next one is gonna be the ultimate. But anyway, this is Mark's big dumb word game, how it's gonna work. I'm gonna give you a sentence. So short sentence that is a memorable quote that you guys have probably heard before. But how it's gonna work is, I'm gonna give you a sentence. One of you is gonna start, you have two options. Change one of the words in the sentence to something that it rhymes with or add another word, but it has to be in between the other words. Not at the beginning, not at the end.


So for example, fi fi fo fu, one of then one of you would say Fi fi fo dumb fi fi. So dumb fifi. So big dumb. You have to remember what the change was that other person did. And then build the sentence longer and longer until one of you messes up. Whoever doesn't mess up gets a point. Whoever is the cleverest little boy wins and will win. Overall, it's a very simple game, but it needs you to use your big, big brain. Pay attention and use memory. Two of my biggest weaknesses. Yeah, Additional rules. Don't repeat any words. All these sentences except for words like subject words.


Some of them have more than one I or me. But if it already has more than one word in it, in the sentence, don't add that same word. So let's just say it can't have any word that was originally there And it can't, any of the additions can't be repeat additions. So if, but I will accept, fuck fucking I'll accept variations. To some degree we might change that rule on the fly. But I want to give you some flexibility. But it has to be real words. It can't just be, You're putting that role in there for Mark. It's very sim it's gonna be very simple. I totally Understand what's about to start happening to us. I'm glad. All right. Heads, weight goes first. Tail.


Bob. Fucking Christ. That looks like tails, I think. Yeah, that's tails. All right. It's a good thing. I understand. All Right, so this is gonna be so simple. I give you the sentence. You either add a word in between or change a word in there to one that rhymes. And you can change the words that were added as well. If you so choose the world inside. That sentence is your oyster. Are you ready? Yes. Here we go. Two. Infinity and beyond bond. Am I allowed to change one word? I'm just gonna do it to infinity.


And your mom, eh? Well, Bending the rules on the very first one. That was two words. Fine. You want me to start over? You want me to change my No. Yes. Yes. I think I have to be it like, 'cause it can't change on the very first one. It's gotta be one at a time. Well, I just had the same idea, but it was two different words. I was gonna add. Hang on, hang on, hang on. I'm processing the rules. Processing the rules. Hang on, hang on. Oh, This is his payback for two sentence horror stories, isn't it? Go to no wait, it can't be at the beginning. Hang on. There's so many rules. I didn't think it would be this hard. How's it feel being on the other side of this mark? Know? I, I don't know.


I'll, I'll see where it goes. How many scary tapes are you gonna bust out? Two. Infinity bath and beyond. Two infinity bath sand beyond. Alright, I'll accept it. That worked To infinity bath sand volleyball and beyond. I think you added another and in there. I think he, but yeah, bath Sand volleyball beyond He changed and to sand. Oh, he got rid of. And to infinity sand and beyond. Bath is still in there to Infinity bath sand and beyond to infinity Bath sand volleyball.


Beyond would be what you said. Which one is It? I'm gonna ring it. All right, Bob. You, you lose. I did that on purpose so we could learn. Yeah, that was a practice round. That was worth a point. So not a practice round at all. All Right. All the things. I am thinking of many ideas. They're just all somehow against the rules. I It's fair. It's so simple. You, you change a word to one that rhymes or add another word in between. That's it. One at a time. Super easy, right? Yes. Feed Me another quote. Papa Wade. All for one and one for all.


All for one and one for ball. All for one. And fun. For ball. All for one. And fun. For big ball. All for one. And small fun. For big ball. Yes. All for one. And small fun. For big ball. What? Wait, was that right? Wait, was that right? That was just the same sentence, wasn't it? I Said tall for one at the start. I thought we couldn't change the very start or the very end. No, you Can change the, the first or end word. You just can't, You can't add a word to the start or end.


Oh, okay. Okay. Wait. No, but then you got it right. So I was wrong there. Bob. Go Tall Ball for fun and small. Fun for big ball. Beautiful, Tall balled for eh, fun and small ball. For big fun. Oh no, I swear he double worded. I swear he double worded. I did not. I did it right. I think. Yes. See, it's simple, right? You're, it's simple. You guys got it? Oh god. All right, Bob, you got this. I believe you. Wait.


That's what I say to you. Wait. Hey, you can't do that. That's my bit. No, don't do that. That doesn't feel very good at all. Hey, stop. Are you ready? You ready? Okay. Okay. All right. I came. I saw, I conquered. I came. I saw crumbs. I conquered. I came. I saw bum. I conquered. I came. I saw crumbs. I conquered. I came. I saw big crumbs. I conquered. It's gonna be a bunch of big and tall.


Yep. There. It's valid. It's valid. I came, I saw fig crumbs. I conquered. I came. I saw fig crumbs. I then conquered. It works. That's great. I came loudly. I saw fig crumbs. I then conquered. I came loudly. I saw fig crumbs. I then conquered. Fuck been fucking, I then fucking conquered.


Yeah. I just, I conquered before the fuck. Yeah, Lord, I understand it now. Oh good. I'm glad you're in your element. I'm falling apart. All right. Okay. No, this is good. You Just gotta pick your angles. Rose. Sharon, you're tearing this family apart. All right, Bob, you're up first I think. Wait, it is. Yeah. Let's Be Wait. You're up. Yes, Wade. I think therefore I am. I think sometimes, therefore I am. I stink sometimes. Therefore, I am. I drink sometimes. Therefore, I am. I drink. Nope. Wait, hang on. That's two words again.


I'm bending the rules. I'm bending the rules everywhere. Can I just change the sentence completely? Hang on. A new sentence. My finger's over the go. That's, Therefore I am. That was my new sentence. I gonna give you one last chance. I drink sometimes a lot. Therefore, I am A lot can be one word. I think sometimes. Yeah, there's a space in there. But that's like one word, Right? Sometimes juice is one word I think that Qualifies. Okay. I drink sometimes a lot, therefore I spam. I drink sometimes a lot. Therefore, I eat spam. I drink sometimes a lot slowly. Therefore, I eat spam.


I drink sometimes a lot slowly. Therefore, I eat quickly spam. I drink sometimes a lot lowly. Therefore, I eat quick spam. Hey, if you're gonna throw random bullshit in there, I'm gonna go on the offense. That's The problem with random bullshit. This game is throwing random bullshit. I'm just following the rules. You could throw logical Bullshit. Then it's easier to remember that way. I don't want more bullshit. Look, this is like the perfect crime all over. I'm trying to build with you here. I'm working.


I'm interested in collaborating. You're just going straight into making it difficult for me. And I'm not gonna just lay back and take it. I'm making it difficult for both of us. My brain says yes, and I, and or my brain says something. And I, yes. And All right. I think you both have it now. So I'm gonna take the training wheels off. If now, from now on, if anyone makes any kind of error, or if you take too long, I'll ring the gong. All right. Show No go, no gong. All right. This one's a little longer. They're not all gonna be, but I think you're up to the challenge. I, I'm up first now. Yep. Yeah. Okay. I'll huff, I'll puff I'll blow Your house down. I'll huff.


I'll puff, I'll blow your little house down. I'll Huff, I'll snuff. I'll blow your little house down. I'll bluff. I'll snuff. I'll blow your little house down. I'll bluff. I'll slowly snuff. I'll blow your little house down. Fuck. I'll quickly bluff. I'll slowly snuff. I'll blow your little house down. I'll quickly bluff. I'll slowly snuff. I'll blow your little red house down. I'll quickly bluff. I'll slowly snuff and I will leisurely blow your little red house down.


I'll quickly bluff. I'll slowly snuff. I'll leisurely blow your little red brick house down. I'll quickly bluff. I'll slowly snuff. I'll leisurely blow your little red frick house down. I'll quickly snuff bluff. Fuck. I'll quickly snuff. I'll quickly snuff all of you. It would've been fine if you kept going. You could've I had to bluff before I snuff. You could've Snuffed twice. I'll Quickly snuff. I'll slowly snuff. Oh no, that wouldn't work. No, that wouldn't been The same word. No. That would've, there's so many rules here. All right. Bob is tearing away with it.


I know my limit. I get to a limit and I'm like, Nope. Brighton Can't. I was trying to play nice. And then you started doing stuff quickly and slowly. I can't help it. All right, Wade. Here's your chance. At redemption. Ashes to ashes. Dust to dust. Lashes to ashes. Dust to dust. Lashes to flashes. Dust to dust. Gashes to flashes. Dust to dust. Gashes to bashes. Dust to dust. Gashes to bashes, must to dust Gashes to bashes must to trust Gases, to bashes must to big trust.


Almost just said the same exact thing. Gases to little bashes must to big trust Trashes to little gashes. Dust to little trust. Well, it Wasn't wait, it was no. Yeah, that's wrong. Gu must fucking Bashes was the second one. Fucking God. I don't like this game. I think, you know, I think, Wade, you just need to get a hang of it. You're, you're you, you are doing, oh, okay. You're so close, buddy. You're getting there. I was like, I'll just play the hying game with Bob. And then we said so many words. I was like, every word we rhyme and, Okay, I I, let's do so other than like the, the da da duh.


All right, here we go. Bob. Who's First? I'm first. Yeah, You're first. You can't Handle the truth. You can't handle my truth. You can't handle thigh truth. You can't handle fried truth. You can't handle fried Ruth. You can't handle deep fried. Ruth. You Bob can't handle deep fried Ruth. Do I have to say my name there then? Yeah. Yeah. I think so. You slob can't handle deep fried, Ruth. You throb can't handle deep fried. Ruth. You mob can't handle deep fried. Ruth. You Cobb can't handle deep fried Ruth. Y you Rob can't handle deep fried Ruth.


Didn't he just say didn't? Did Did You just say Rob? He said throb. He said throb. I think. And we have said Bob, but Rob is different. You knob can't handle deep fried. Ruth. You little knob can't handle deep fried. Ruth. You whittle knob can't handle deep fried. Ruth. You whittle fucking knob. Can't handle deep fried roof. You whittle fucking glob. Can't handle deep fried roof. You widow fucking shit. Glob can't handle deep fried. Woo. You widow. Fucking shit. Glob can't handle deep fried paper roof.


The fuck you little fucking shit knob can't handle. Deep fried paper wrapped. Ruth, You widow fucking shit knob can't handle. Deep fried paper. Sleuth. Paper wrapped. Ruth paper Wrapped. Also, I think there was some glob Knob mix up. Yeah, I made it glob. He turned it back to knob. So I just went with it. 'cause you didn't call him. Yeah, If I don't catch it, I don't think I can count it. Unless you do some kind of coin. I'm Saving that for later.


I'm gonna need it. I'll get my coin out just in case. Okay. All right man. Bob, you're running away with this Wade. Here's yours. Houston, we have a problem. Houston, we have a big problem. We have a big space problem. Houston, we have a big race problem. Houston, we have a big grace problem. Houston, we have a big lace problem. Houston, we have a big mace problem. Houston, we have a big trace problem. Houston, we have a big trace elements problem.


Houston, we have a pig trace elements problem. Houston, we have a rig trace elements problem. Houston, we have a fig trace elements problem. Houston, we have a fig Newton trace elements problem. Houston, we have a fig juice Newton trace elements problem. Wait, wait, that can't be right. The singer, she does angel of the morning, which is the opener to Deadpool. I could have swore Did he add two words that time or No, he just added a really weird word. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Got it. Okay, I'll let it slide. Houston, We have a fig juice box.


Newton trace element problem. Houston, bro, we have a big juice box. Newton trace elements problem. Houston, Bro. Fucking, we have a big fig juice box. Newton trace elements problem. Houston, Little bro fucking, we have a big juice box. Newton trace elements problem. No, sorry. It's a big fig. Why didn't you catch it when Bob said big? No, you needed big and fig. You just said big. I thought we changed big two. Fig. Did we? Am I wrong Bob? Am I wrong?


I thought it was fig Newton ju fig juice box. Newton. Yeah. I think it was just fig. I'll take the L. Give it to me. I think you added one because you said Houston. Little bro, Little bro. Fucking, we have a big juice box. Newton L trace elements, whatever the fuck. I don't know to gimme the L. I'll take the L. God damnit. I'm sure I fucked up. We thought you were trying to earn zero points on the whole episode. I know. Whenever I'm beaten, this one is beating my ass. Alright, I'm gonna change one rule. 'cause I also had an idea to do it differently. Save that for the more perfecter. Three words. Alright, what we're gonna do is we're gonna do this again, same way that we have been doing.


Except we can't replace words. So we can't replace words anymore. It's just inserting words in between the original quote. So now you don't have to worry about the, the word shifting. You have the pillars of those words. Right? We're gonna try this variation. 'cause I wanted to try it and see if that might make it all work a little better. 'cause even I can't keep track of this shit. All right, Bob, I think you're up now. This is topical. 'cause oblivion just came out. The remaster. I haven't played it, but it just came out. What A long quote. This is very topical because oblivion just came out. The remaster. I haven't played it, but it just came out.


Wade. Oh, you didn't insert a word dong? I Said very. I said very. Oh, okay. All right. No, no, we're not gonna do do it. I'll take my Al. This is me. Hello. I'm L boy. Bob, stop right there. Criminal scum. Stop right there. You criminal scum. Stop right there. You fucking criminal scum. Stop right there. You fucking terrible criminal scum. Stop right there. You fucking terrible smelly criminal scum. You stop right there. You fucking terrible smelly criminal scum. Oh, wait, was that against the rules? Oh, wait, dingdong. Yeah, you same word. You're right. Also, it was added at the beginning. There were two violations. Oh, that was double violation.


Oh, that's true. That's true. You, you stop right there. I'm about to get an independent judge panel to review this session. I've tried to pay attention. I'm just enjoying it so much. All right. Okay, Wade, you got a point When you believe, Wait, live fast, die young, Live fast or die young. Live fast and or die young. Live fast and or you'll die young. Live fast and shit. Or you'll die young, Live fucking fast and or shit.


You'll die young. Nope. No. And shit. Or And shit. Or Fuck your fuck up. Turned into my fuck up. Why wasn't a fuck up? Bet it was just a pause. Oh, Have Beers. Should I, should I enforce the pauses? No, we need those. I don't, I can't remove pauses. No, I meant like You have to keep the pause in next time you quoted. You have to keep the same delivery. Oh, All right. A new rule. You have to keep The same to delivery. Oh, whoa. Just practicing. All right. Okay. All right. All right. Here we go. Bob.


Another day. Another dollar Another day. Another sweet dollar. What the fuck, man? What the Fuck? I'm just spicing up. Oh, I thought you were mimicking me Another day. Another fucking sweet dollar. Another terrible day. Another fucking sweet dollar. Another stinking terrible day. Another sweet dollar. Nope. But He said fucking, and we're no longer replacing words. Another stinking fucking day. Oh, I'm really struggling today. I can't even honestly tell if I'm doing good or bad. Except when Mark cuts in to stop it.


Oh, man. You do what you're doing so good. I, I really appreciate you guys, Huber, this Gabe. It is very fun for me. I know what my one man show will be inevitably when I get it one day. Just the this for a fucking hour. All right, wait. Here you can do this one. I got, yeah, I'm ready. Run forest. Run Run Forest. You run, Run Fort Gump. You run, Run fucking Fort Gump. You run. Just Help fucking everywhere. Run fucking Fort Gump. You shit. Run, Run fucking Forrest Gump.


You shit ass run. Run fucking Forrest Gump. You little shit ass run, Run motherfucking Forrest Gump. You little shit ass run. Did he add something to that? Wait. Yeah. Little, Little, little shit Ass. No, I added little Wait. Motherfucking, that's it, Mother. Oh, okay. Run motherfucking Forrest Gump. Wow. You little shit run. Oh, you was extra I can pull. Yes. Also, I said you little shit. Wasn't it just little shit ass? I don't know. Toss the court. I didn't catch, so I dunno. I'm not sure that we've been perfect on this today.


No, I don't think any of them have been actually all the way right. Yeah, not quite. But he'll be whatever gets caught. All right. I love, I love the building, the impressions. Well let, let's keep that in there. Yeah. That's what we need. But instead of like the global Christopher walk-in thing, like instead of like following what was there at the beginning, you have to follow what your opponent just did. So it'll change over time. This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce.


The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken. Sauce goes on Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for dip only at McDonald's. This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big. Men. LA's big like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like rehydrate, pineapple passion, fruit squeezed lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city.


So whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin water is a registered trademark of glass. So, All right. Okay. All right, we got time. We got time for a little more. Oh, good. I'm having the time of my life, Man. My nails are chewing themselves. I'm gonna put another rule that you can't put just curse words in there, but I still like that one. All right, here we go. Speak now or forever hold your peace. Speak right now or forever hold your peace. Speak right now or forever. Hold your big peace.


I have two words in my vocabulary. Speak right now or forever. Hold your big girthy. Peace. Speak right fucking now or forever. Hold your big girthy. Peace. Speak right now. I already fucked it up. Wait, what? What did you add? You just added fucking somewhere in the sentence. I Sure did. You speak right fucking now or forever. Hold your big GI, man, I forget, but man, I pedal penalizing. If you don't, if you say the same, add the same words every single round. Well, it's too late. 'cause we're at the end of the episode, bitch. Nope. One more. Come on. Damnit. Come On. Come on. One more. Yeah, I'm ready.


One more. All right. This will be easy. Oh, okay. All right. Stop. Drop and roll. Stop. Then draw and roll. Fuck. I get it so much. Stop. Stop. Scream. Then drop and roll. Stop. Scream, then drop and fast. Roll. Stop. Scream. Then drop and make fast Roll. Look how your dracula's slowly getting a different Accent. I don't fucking do Dracula. That's not my bit. Stop. Big scream.


Then drop and make fast. Roll. Stop. Big skinny scream. Then drop and make fast. Roll. Stop. Big scary scream. Then rope and make big roll. Fast Rope. Okay. Mess it up. Anyway, I was like, ah. Right. We'll call it there. Okay. I thought you were gonna take that one and just be like, keep going. Stop flop. Like drop and roll. That's what I was gonna do. Stop. Mop, flop. Drop and roll. Scream. You know? But anyway, I like where you goes. Oh, good job guys. I Like big fucking Big fucking fast.


I Went slow. I went opposite. Oh, That's right. That's a drop. I love that. Thank you guys so much. That was very funny. I, I could do that. I could listen to that all day. I couldn't do it all day, I'm sure. But I could listen to that all day. Very entertaining. All right, so I don't think the points are gonna be any surprise. What Does that mean? I was so funny. I had to have got some funny points. You got a funny point actually. You did Wade, you got, you got point for a suck back question, which is like the mountain next to broke back mountain and you got best month. Question mark. It was bad. Penis. Penis. Literally that's what's written there.


Bath, bath, sand beyond. You got the first point. You stop right there. Funny. You got a funny point. Little shit ass speak right fucking now Bob, you liked the correct season, which is fall. You love Windows 11 tall, fun for big ball. I conquered, fuck I drink, therefore I spam. I'll quickly snuff rust to bust. Little shit knob Houston bro and shit. Or stinking fucking stop, scream roll. It really tells the story about Houston. Fucking bro. We got a fake juice box. Newton Trace element problem.


All Right, got bad. I'm gonna tell you the, the score before we go into the wheel. Bob, you have 12. Wait, you have eight? Hmm. Can we get a four on a D three? I think Wade has a couple options. We could either do a lot of bonus points or Wade could throw his fate to the mercy of the coins. Yeah. I'm not even sure what you would throw. I was thinking to myself, I feel like there were a lot of judge misses today, which is pretty much equal on both of our sides, honestly, but unfair. All right. So what is the qualification here? Yeah, what's unfair? I should have 12. That's it. So we'd be tied at 12.


Either I get 12 and we're tied, or Bob gets double and has 24. I'm gonna say this. I definitely made a lot of errors. If you get this right, if, if all of it comes up heads, it has to all come up. Heads. Oh, it Will. I'll put you at 11. 'cause let's say, I don't think we can say you gave a better performance, but I will say that there might have been some judge mishaps. If you get this All right, it'll go to 11. If you get it all wrong, you go to seven. 'cause seven 11. That's fair. I'll get a big slurp. All right, here we go. Wham. Oh, not mine. I got tails also.


Oh, All right. All right. Eight to 12. We could, I, I think we have to roll the points. Ceremoniously, Can you add like four points? Four points for wade? Oh, let's put a jackpot. Let's put a jackpot. Oh, okay. Let's Put a jackpot. Oh Yeah. All right. All right. What's the jackpot? Double your score. Double Who score. Whoever gets it. Oh, wait. You're right. Holy shit. God damnit. Double the lowest score Instead of jackpot make it sudden. Death ties. It ties the score, which could, it presents some really interesting things if that comes up, because then it could be the last one that gets spun. Then it's the wheel automatically, the tie wheel. Or it could bring someone up to tie, so then the next points could decide it, Oh God, I can quit trying.


Now that this is on the Wheel. All right, the sudden, sudden death has been added and we have, oh boy, Three chances to tie. It's the best outcome for Wade. All right. Listeners, viewers, and tie it up. Does that mean they would tie with us? You have a one in one in 33 chance of getting the Everything's all tied up option, huh? That's basically one in three. All right. Roll number one deserve. Wait, I forgot that was on the board. All right, Wade. Yeah, Wade definitely deserve some that so fast.


You lost the, you lost, you lost your coin flip and there were some judging mishaps. And you, you probably deserve the most sympathy. That's, you know what, I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. Oh, Ah, There it Is. We knew it was coming. Point four listeners, They knew they were doing, they were doing, we've been shitting on 'em a lot. They deserved a point. It's a listener kind of episode. Now tie it up and then we have to add the viewers to the wind wheel. Final spin. Yik. Oh yeah, that's true. If the, if the winner, if the listeners have points, the only way for the listeners to win is to get a fucking another one Point for listeners.


Alright. Should I re-spin that? Because I normally I would. Yeah. Respin that. What the fuck? Disable that. But like, what are the odds? One in 33. All Right. This is a real third spin. Point four oh. Best looking. I need to shave my head. It's not me today. I, my hair is like pretty crazy. I don't know, I'm not, Get a good look at you guys. All right, well this isn't winning anybody. Any points. I'm gonna give a point to the viewers 'cause they were looking the vest because I couldn't decide which one of you more handsome and you both look about the same level of put together. All Right, third time to spin. Let's get to The wheel. The third Spin. A fifth, third spin.


There is technically a path for the viewers and listeners to win. It is very rare. It has to tie, get them either another point after the tie. Well, they have to have a point first. Get the tie, be put on the wheel for the tie wheel and then hit it. That's how they win any Episode. We could theoretically give them a point. So If the listeners get into the game and then it ties, they're on the tie wheel. If it ties and then the listeners get a point or viewers, they win because yes, we are tied and they get one point. If they win, one of us three will host the next episode.


No, we'll come up with something. We'll come up with something. All right. So at a whopping Score Of 12 to nine, Bob takes the win of Mark's. Big dumb. I should have predicted from big, dumb word game mark's. Fucking big dumb word game. You Can't put that in a title. Mark's fucking big fun word. Game. Wait, go Mark's. Big fucking. Do you guys like the rhyming version or just adding words? I think the rhyming version added a lot more chaos because you have to then catch what changes more carefully. But I kind of liked the rhyming also because you could have more, you could do more funny shit with the rhyming.


Some of those were harder to, to like be funny about just adding a word and not add big or small or fast or something. Just more adjectives. The hardest part was not being able to add anything at the start or the end. There were so many times I wanted to add something at the start or the end. I understand, but there has to be some containers. I, I think I like this. I would like to do it again. I'll wait a little bit. Next episode I host, I'll do the perfect crime. Thank God. Maybe a year, maybe some time. But thank you. All right, Bob, say your final words. This was fun. Honestly, the scoreboard doesn't reflect how close it was.


Wade was really close. We both put up a good fight. I think he just made the fir. He blinked first. One more time, a couple more times than I did, And it would've swayed the other way. The score. The score made it look worse than it was. It was fun. You did really good, buddy. You should feel proud about that. Proud loser. Good Job. All right. Proud Loser. What do you have to say? He had me in the first half. Not gonna lie, but then he had me in the second half. Good game. Well, thank you boys. It was very fun for me and I hope it was fun for everyone at home. Thank you so much. Hope you enjoyed it, man. Hey, we also had sports small talk, which doesn't happen too often. Bob will host something in the next episode and Wade will win eventually on my way.


You have to at some point. Thank you. Everyone at home. Be sure to follow the podcast or else we'll come find you and then you'll know every time that we have a new episode out and you get to live a little longer. So that's pretty cool. So thanks and we'll see you next episode podcast out.