(0s):
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in You. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the Dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink mug root beer if you got that dog in you.

(28s):
Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode malleable Mark vilifies his vehicle for ravaging his rump and then set up a new word, order warming. Wave discusses dump cups says no to pen, progess to butt, and plays palpatine bedlam. Bob also frowns on for Missy day and has a powerful SCUs from hot saltiness to CEC scat and sweaty palms. Yes, it's time for Mark's Secret. Words. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.

(1m 15s):
Oh, Let's get ready to rumble Every vocal. Warmup. C Katie. That's not the only warmup. Oh, hey, lolly, lolly loll. Bad dog. Bad bad dog. I'm sorry. What? No, I don't remember. Bad dog. You don't Remember Bad dog? Good Girl. Good girl. No. What's the bad dog thing? That was how That was at the very beginning. You push with your diaphragm and your bad dog. I don't remember doing that. I think you did that in your favorite dreams, mark.

(1m 56s):
Medium Rare. A large Mountain Dew. Large Mountain Dew. Baha Blast. Baha Blast. Hi. welcome to Distractible. I'm your host, king of the Cold Opens market player here to guide you through another experience of Witten wonder. That is Distractible your favorite podcast by force? I'm joined today by the competitors we have Robert Makins. Hi. Wow. Hi. Hello. And a George Wade. Barnes. Hey, why Does he get a middle name? What's Your middle name? I, I, I can't even remember. Martin, look, I have a light now too so you can see me. There you Are. Yeah. Wow.

(2m 36s):
Anyway, they're gonna be competing today in a competition where I'm gonna assign them points and then one of them who's gonna win the episode, and what usually happens is they will host the next episode. That's the way Distractible typically works, but it also typically works by starting off with checking in on how our competitors are doing and what their lives are like. Who wants to go first? I'll go first. Hi. I'm doing pretty good. Yeah, it's, I, I discovered a new thing. I was telling Wade about this before we were recording, but I felt like I should loop you in Mark Canes. We've talked about canes on the very, on the much loved fast food Tearless episode. We talked about Canes, chickens, chicken finger place.

(3m 17s):
They have a hot sauce. I didn't know they did this. And today for no reason because I accidentally got the hot sauce instead of ketchup with my order, I mixed it into the cane sauce. so I made like spicy cane sauce. Game changer. Gotta try it. Can't recommend it highly enough. It's Louisiana style. Hot sauce. It's surprisingly good. Gotta try it. Can't let it go. But think about it, since I had lunch like an hour and a half ago, which is not that long, but I think I'll continue to think about it and for a much more impressive amount of time after this. And now I'm hungry. That, that's, that's really good. Thanks for that, Bob. You're Welcome. I could talk about other delicious food stuff, if that would help. We'll get back to you. We'll get back to you in a second. Wade, how are you doing?

(3m 57s):
I'm good man. I'm a little are you Looking particularly handsome today? I'll give you a handsome point. Ouch. It's okay, Bob. Keep trying. It's No, You're Bob. You're looking typically handsome. He's looking particularly handsome. The usual appearance of him is, is atypical from his current state. I feel like both of us should be offended by this. Yeah, that I feel like that. That took a little off me and put a little on Wade. Fair is fair. How are you handsome? I was better about 32 seconds ago, but otherwise doing pretty good. Editors confirmed that it was 32 seconds ago. I was doing some traveling. Had a friend stay with us. Been playing Diablo Season five, Diablo four. And it's actually pretty fun. I'm actually really enjoying myself and wanna play more a lot.

(4m 39s):
I enjoyed season four. I'm enjoying season five even more. And glad that it's finally fun. And also I'm becoming addicted to hibachi and I want it all day every day right now. Bob mentioned food. My immediate thought was steak, shrimp, yawn and rice. Yeah. With hot sauce on it. Right? I, well hold on with Cans. Louisiana hot Sauce. You take the hibachi yum yum sauce and you mix in some Louisiana style hot sauce. And then it's even better. I think you've talked about how Bachi for the past three episodes, straight Diablo and Hibachi has been his only small talk for a while now. That's all I've had, man. I've been traveling. I mean, I could tell you about family reunions and hanging out with my nieces.

(5m 19s):
Family sucks. Don't tell me about family Going to the pool with my dogs and my friends. I can tell you about stuff like that. That Sounds very pleasant. Why would that not make, I can tell you about how much I enjoy Deadpool wolverine, but trying to give any spoilers or I can talk about Diablo and hibachi. Are you gonna pick any of them? Yeah. Diablo and Hibachi. Okay. All, right. Cool. Well that's great. I have a food related nightmare. Oh, Cool. You guys know how I hate my car Generally. Sure, Yeah. I hate it. And it's awful. It falls apart. It's broken now. Hopefully it'll, Is it ever not broken? No. Very rarely is it not broken. The suspension is completely out. I, I had to drive it to Beverly Hills the other week and what I have is a Tesla model XI got it in 2017.

(6m 6s):
I've had it for a very long time now. But even the moment that I bought it, it was broken, specifically the suspension and so the suspension went out because it's got this fancy air suspension. And if the compressor doesn't work, then you know, it doesn't have those big air bladders. It does have springs in it, I think. But the way those springs work, when the air suspension is not there because the car is so heavy, it kind of just jolts your spine at every tiny bump And. it really starts to undulate uncontrollably on rough roads. If it's not the most perfectly smooth road, I think my spine is gonna shoot out of my ass or out at the top of my head. Not pleasant. But that's not why I hate, Yeah, that's not a food related nightmare at all.

(6m 46s):
What's going on here? That's like son of beast. Back in the day. You should try, whatever happens and you're about to tell us you should do on the old son of beast. Right. I got a real wooden rollercoaster of a car going on over here. I it is very much like that. Either son of beast or the beast, either one. It's spine jarring. But what happened was, and it's my own fault, I left a bag of fast food in the car. I I just forgot to throw it away or something. And usually, you know, I've done that before and I'm sure plenty of people have done that before. It's, it's not a huge issue. Kind of stinks. You throw it away and it's, it's fine. I open the car door and I look and I'm like, ah, I left the food in there and something on the dashboard's moving. Oh no. I think it's a Trick of my eye.

(7m 27s):
There's something blink a few times. Squeak, squeak The food, gained sentience. No McChicken. What are you doing? How do you get outta the thing? It was a a, a trail of small dark specs moving across my white dashboard. Mouse Poop gained sentt. No, it was ants. Oh man. There, there was an army of ants inside. And what I know about this car is that's got a super fancy air filter that's supposed to be like, it's, it's, I look, I wanna get rid of this car as soon as possible. But one of the, the selling points of it was it had this super powered air filter that could combat forest fire, smoke.

(8m 11s):
It Has biohazard mode. That's it. It's a thing. Yeah. Bio mode. Yeah. Our Tesla has that too. That's a thi doesn't have recirculation. Like normal cars has biohazard mode. I don't know how the ants got in. If this thing is so sealed that tiny particulates of toxin in the air can get, can't get through. How in the hell? Well, ants can lift like 600 times their weight. So what they did was they took the filter out, got in and put the filter back behind them. I'm thinking that it's either true or the mice that were living in the front, chewed their way through something and opened up a path into the car. Your Filter is just a hole. You should check your authorized users on the app.

(8m 52s):
Did you accidentally send a phone key invite to someone named Anthony? Because that's sort of a code name they use just one ant carrying a huge iPhone. 'cause they can lift 600 times their weight walks up next to your car. And. it is all eh, pops open. He leaves a lot of fast food in here. That's very funny. Anyway, that's, that's my small talk for the day. That's not, I mean I have had ants and I don't care for them. That's not like horrific. I thought you were gonna say there was like maggots in the food or something and you had just eaten it the day before or some kind Ants. Ants happens. It's The idea that like I've never experienced ants in a car before. I thought that that would be like one of the few places that is ant proof.

(9m 33s):
You know, you can always escape the ants by going to your car. It's not. Yeah, well The ants go everywhere. Especially if you had previously had mice in there. I didn't know you had mice in the front there. In the front. Yeah. I mean that car, that car is pretty old. I didn't realize you had it since 2017. That's that's an old car. Yeah, I wanted to ride it into the dirt. I just didn't expect that to come so quickly. Hey, dirt comes at you Fast. Next upgrade from ants and mice is gotta be something bigger, right? When are you gonna have like a family? A possums? I mean for all I know they are there. I haven't checked thoroughly. I kind of saw the ants went and then jumped out. Well There's like eight different trunks in those things. So have you tracked the trunk, the sub trunk, the second sub trunk, The sunk The thunk, the Monk, the sunk, the bonk, the monk, the thunk, The, the, I was gonna say the gunk, but that's not a trunk in the car.

(10m 22s):
That's the, the new AI assistant that lives in your Tesla, isn't it? Gunk? I only turned left Gunk. Can we navigate to a hibachi restaurant? What is hibachi? I take you to McDonald's again. I only turned left. I don't know why he's like the bad guy from that Rocky movie. If he dies, he dies. I was reminded of a story involving cars. You Don't have a car. How could you have a story with cars in it? Oh, it wasn't my car. Thankfully. If it was my car, I would've, I I might've even told this story anyway on this podcast, but I don't remember. Have I ever told you about how a friend ruined other friends' date with a car? I don't think so. I'm sure you have but I don't remember either. So get ready for the angry comments. So back in high school days, one of my buddies decided that he was going to be brave and tell the group that he had a date the next morning or the next day.

(11m 8s):
I don't remember exactly what time of day it was. So my other friend heard that and he was like, no you don't friend one didn't lock his car so people could just get in, do whatever. It was fine. It just didn't lock his car. So friend two got into his car, found that there was a styrofoam cup in there and decided to take a dump instead. Cup close up the car, leave it there and this is the middle of summer car heats up, gets pretty warm. Oh I remember now. And he got ants because of that And. It got ants. The date was Anthony. What the hell is wrong with teenage boys? Jesus Christ. Needless to say, he got into his car and went to go pick up his date and he was like, well He didn't notice until he got there.

(11m 51s):
Oh he noticed. He, he went, he noticed the moment he got in he was like trying to figure out. I was like trying To figure out what The source, because you get into a car, you don't immediately just assume that someone took a dump in your car. It Smells more like shit in here than usual. Hmm. Maybe I'm overestimate estimating my nose powers. I don't think I would need to sit in a car for more than a minute to be like, oh it smells like a shit. I better get to the bottom of where the shit is. Apparently finding the source of it took a minute because he didn't immediately assume that his empty styrofoam cup all of a sudden had human shit in it. Well that's not where he usually shits in his car. Why wouldn't he assume that? What does that mean? The Crazy thing about this story is that never even found out what happened with the date because I'm pretty sure he just either called it off or could like he was not gonna go pick up his date in a car that smelled like human shit.

(12m 37s):
I feel like you get a do-over. I feel like I would've texted the girl or called and been like, Hey so one of my friends took an actual poop in my car. so I, I'm not gonna subject you to that. Can we he busy like next weekend or would You believe someone if that was their excuse to get out of a date was like, Hey, one of my friends took a dump in my car. I've had to reschedule. Yes I would, but I don't know. I would absolutely believe that and I'd be like, thank you so much for not letting me be in that car. If you could send me a video of the, of the poop, you have to find it first. So if you could send me proof, I would appreciate that. And then I'll create a reschedule with you. But otherwise You get a grainy flip phone camera, a picture of, of the church turns up later in a creepy pasta blog.

(13m 19s):
You know, this was S 10 21. Just A cup of shit that appears in your car to ruin your dates. I wanna preface this, this, this was the time when Jackass was very popular and this particular group of friends of mine did all kinds of dumb stuff like that. Oh, I had that friend group. We didn't shit on anything though. You know, they jackass was really more about physical violence than anything else. They, they Pooped, they did that in a toilet store. You know, they, they pooped in the toilet store. Yeah, but that was like one bit, I would say 98% of all of the rest of jackass had to do with jumping off of something or into something or putting something painful in somewhere sensitive. Not, not a lot of bits involved shitting in inappropriate places.

(13m 59s):
There Were lots of things done with BB guns and fireworks that shouldn't have been. One friend decided he wanted to be run over by his own car and then while the car was coming at him, he realized he wouldn't fit under it. So he jumped and took out his own windshield. And How fast was the car coming at him? I, I don't know. 'cause I wasn't there. I wouldn't have, I would not have endorsed that one. He Didn't test it before it started moving. Like I, I, I could squeeze under there. I'm sure This was not the chess club friend group. He knelt down next to it. It was like, yeah, I'm that thin. Ah, let's do it. I don't even know if that much was done. It was more so like, oh No, I forgot about my huge, huge balls. I'll never make it under there. Couldn't tell you it wasn't there for it. But it's like The most high stakes version of the cake test at the gym where you roll the, you roll the barbell and see if he gets stuck on your ass.

(14m 45s):
Like cake test. Oh, too big too. Ah god. And he needed skin grafts over 80% of his body. But he has a big ass. But This friend group did a lot of stuff like that. We had, there was a day at the cafeteria at school where I was like, man, I need to use the restroom before class after eating. And I went into the bathroom and he was taking a dump in the urinal to a crowd of people. What a douche bag. That's not a bet. That's just shitty. I Think this guy, yeah, I think he just likes pooping. That's Just being a jerk. He did like pooping. I think I know who the suspect in the, in the poop cup was. I I know. I don't think it was a secret back then. Wait, well so I don't know if this compares, did you guys have any friends growing up that that were known as the kid who did, and maybe not shitting in urinals but like did something all the time that was basically just completely unhinged.

(15m 31s):
Like we had a buddy who, if you gave him a five bucks or a dollar or whatever you had, he would take a cinnamon Altoid or any kind of Mint that you could crush into powder, crush it up in a textbook and then snort it and he would, and that was like his thing. And I swear to God it was like if he didn't have lunch money, he'd just go looking and be like, anyone got two bucks? Let's see. He snort some stuff. Yes. The most common phrase was not even two bucks. It was, Hey, I got a dollar. I'll give you a dollar if and whatever he said next. This group of people will be like, I'll do that. Not sure I ever heard a no. It's crazy man. They're so cool. All. right? Well that's, that's I, that's horrible. Yeah. I hope kids are better now Are you the one, did you poop in the cup?

(16m 14s):
I always, no. I consider myself to be like Chucky from Rug Regrets. I'll Give you two points if you say yes, I I won't 'cause I wasn't, I'm not gonna lie to you. I Pooped in the cup. I poop in every cup. Any cup you find with poop in it. It was probably me. I just poop in so many cups Dude. I spent my entire youth being like, guys that's probably not a good idea. And then being proved right whenever something horrible would happen. You were the kid in the magic school bus. Was I The kid in with the glasses who was always nervous about everything? They said His name the funny like, oh Oscar, I name with Oscar Franklin. Oh, bill Thorpe. Bill Thorpe. Do Dono Doo Iss. Not a name of a person. Oh, limp. Oh Poopy Pants.

(16m 54s):
Oh, Ah, BLI Moving on the we have a real, real real episode today. Very real. How many cops am I gonna have to shit in? We'll see by the end of this we're gonna play a little game and it's a game that you guys have played before. Okay. It's a game that you guys are good at. It's called Word Association. Ooh, I'm good at these. I'm just gonna go and we're, I'm gonna give you a word and then we're gonna go back and forth and you guys are gonna think of a word associating with it and then you're gonna go back and forth and I'll tell you when to stop. Is this, are we doing like free word association? Like don't think just like just keep it going, keep it going. It's more of a, Yeah, this is more of a warmup to the, okay. The realness coming up but Is my word like let's say you say a word.

(17m 37s):
Bob says a word. Am I reacting to your word still or his word? His Word. His word is gonna make you think of your word and then you're gonna go back and forth until I say stop. And It's back and forth between me and Wade. Once you give us the first one, right? Exactly. Yes. Okay. Alright. So Wade, you can go first if you'd like. I'm gonna say a word you associate it with whatever comes to mind in in your mind for this word. And Bob, listen to him and then Wade listen to him. All, right? Ready? Yes. The words are bird, bush, hand. Grand canyon pools. Here we go. Bird, Frog, leap, jump. Scotch, Whiskey, Bourbon.

(18m 16s):
Drink, eat. Smell fart. No. Yes. Left. Okay. Happy. Woo. Smile. Big small penis. Yes. No All, right? We'll call it there. You guys got an ama? Zero points. welcome to Mark's Secret. Words. Oh okay. All right here we go again. God man, what an original sounding give. I can't wait to figure out how this one works. It is, it is. So here's how the game's gonna work. On the screen for the audience was a list of six words.

(18m 58s):
I've already played this with myself. I have thought of the first word and then I went associated when with myself along a list of words that reached a conclusion. I'm gonna let you go for 20 words or so. I wasn't quite counting there, but I just estimated after I remembered that I needed to count. You'll get a, you'll get a point if you hit any of the words in between my first word and then the last word that I associated with. If you get the last word that I associated with you get three points and then there will be a bonus round afterwards. If you can guess my explanation of why I landed there. I have written out not only six words, but after the six words have been guessed, there's an explanation of how I got there.

(19m 40s):
So even if you don't get a single word, if you can guess how I got to my word. I'll give you another point. I love This. I love this for us. Would you like to know what my order of Words? Yeah, no I'm interested. Yeah. So my word order bird bush hand. Grand canyon horse. I know why you said horse. Do you? Yeah. You can ride a donkey down the Grand Canyon and I saw a video once where a girl almost died when the horse got real close to the edge. You were thinking about the Grand Canyon and you were thinking and you can go down in there right? And you can like ride something. What the fuck animal is that? It's probably like a horse, right?

(20m 21s):
It's a horse. It's not a horse. Mark you ride burrows into the Grand Canyon just so you know What's the difference. It doesn't matter what the truth is. That's why I thought of that. That's why I know I could hear it happening. As you were saying the words I got there with you All, Right? And I'm gonna say it's probably because you were thinking you could ride a horse in the Grand Canyon. That's my guess. That's a great guess. Unfortunately Bob got there there first. So I'm gonna give the point to Bob

(20m 51s):
This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That Sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talk and text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A CT IB LE $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply seem Mint Mobile for details.

(21m 52s):
But now that you guys know how mark's Secret Words works, you guys can understand that the objective is not just try to come up with what the, the first word that comes to mind. It's also to try to follow where my mind would wander as I'm thinking of these words. A lot of lenses. Got it. You Don't know that that word's anywhere on this list. It Definitely is. The plural Of lens still counts as lens, right? Different words. If, if it counts in Scrabble is different words then it's different words. Here's the thing though, it's not just words. Sometimes it's concepts and like multi word phrases in general. It's very rarely that. But it can be that. So I'll let you know that sometimes it's not just one word.

(22m 32s):
That's why it's marked Secret Words. And therefore there's another way to go. Bob, you're going first this time. All, right? Okay. Your word. And here's the words for everybody watching at home. If you're listening at home, maybe there's a text to speech robot that's given you exactly what these words are. Can I see them? No. Oh, the Words are hospital nurse, worst sausage, intestines. Hospital. Your word is hospital, Bed, scar, Mufasa, lion, king, queen, dairy, milk, me, laugh factory, build a bear.

(23m 12s):
Fluffy bunny slap stick dog party drink. Whole All, Right? I'll, I'll wait. Keep going. Wait, maybe Mouth. But yes, That'll do it. All, right? This is a grand. This came gonna be so good guys. You got what? Did we get close to Mark? Did we get all of them? Oh man, you got both ends of the thing that it was attached to but you didn't get the word itself on one of 'em. So my order of Oh no Was hospital nurse worst sausage.

(23m 52s):
And there's a bonus point if you can guess why I said sausage because Worst first I guess. I guess Bob got it. Okay. All, right. I understand. I just can't predict what you're gonna think. You psychopath Then intestines. 'cause I was in the hospital law for intestines and one said mouth, one said ass Sausage, intestines. Got it. And then hospital. I went back to hospital again. You went back to hospital. Yeah, I know. Wait, I've seen the videos dude, you don't have to brag. All, right? So Wade, since Bob stole that one, do you, I mean you kind of said it already, but why did I get to hospital? Your intestines had to go back and get operated on. Yeah, that makes sense. All right? I'll give you that one.

(24m 32s):
I have another addendum that you guys would never ever get that's on here for a bones point. But Bob, I'll give you a chance. I have no clues to give this to you. This is not related to anything except the whole thing is a concept. I Just have to guess what concept. I wrote a different addendum description on this at the end. Here it is onscreen for everybody at home. This one is probably not fair. You find it limiting and arbitrary that people who do word association think you can't go back to the same word. It makes sense that you would say hospital again in a string of things that you're talking and thinking about that are all related initially to hospital. That is alarmingly close to what I said.

(25m 13s):
Except that it's the exact opposite point of view. Because I said Ines, this one is probably not fair. That's what I said. You just justified how it was fair. That's incredible. Thank you. But I won't give you that points. Nope. No, sadly. No, no, no points for that. The words are tooth fairy, hairy wade, bald water. Wade, your word is tooth Ache. Dentist, Mouth, saliva, drink Water, Rinse, repeat brush, hair, gum, chewy, granola, bar hippie.

(25m 52s):
Peace, love, happiness. Happiness. But spelled wrong like in the Will Smith movie. Slap What? Anger. Jack Nicholson. What? Jack Nicholson. Oh, I thought you said testicles. All, right. Okay. No Jack Nicholson, tiger Woods Crash into me. Boom. All. right? We'll end it there. Alright Bob you got two? Yeah. What? What about me Wade, you got none Bob, you might've gotten one and a half, but I'm willing to give you, I swear To God if one of 'em is happiness but spelled different. So upset. No, that's not what it is. So my, my train of thought went from tooth fairy hairy And Bob you said hair.

(26m 39s):
so I would be like I'd give that half a point but or full point depending on what thinks Fair Wade. That was my next word. Bald water. Hey. Which you said what? Bald water. I'll give you a bonus point if you can explain how I got to water. I think Of the drowned man a lot when I think of Wade A is the second letter in both. And whenever you see my head it makes you kind of get all salivate and drooly and wet And it. That makes it like water. I know why you said water. You said bald but you were actually still hung up on Wade and you were like what else goes with Wade? You weighed and water. That's, there's no way that's what you have written down.

(27m 21s):
You're So close but so wrong All. right? So neither of you get it. Well what Wouldn't you write down? What does it say It? The last three words were wade bald in water and then I think of the drowned man a lot when I think of Wade. Hmm Wade, you were in it. Water. Your whole house was flooded. Flood forever. You know I'm glad. The things I try to block out from memory are the things you associate with me. We made a documentary, I lived it. I have a T-shirt with that on it. Exactly. We sold a T-shirt to help pay for your walls. I have the shirt too. Which is kind of productive to helping me. Bob, you get two points as I think we all agreed that that was that was good. Killing it. You got their circumvent from what I was thinking of already.

(28m 4s):
All, right? But this one is gonna be a bit trickier and if this gets too out of out of the ordinary or too imbalanced, I'm gonna start giving the first two words. So maybe that'll correct the trajectory of where it's gonna go. The Words are participate, convention, meet and greet. Speak and spell that thing that has a face but has a microphone. Undertake recorder nostalgia. Bob, are you ready? I'm ready. Your word Is participate. Trophy Team, Party Group Activity. Olympics Medals, Gold Australia Winning Delusional Break dance.

(28m 45s):
Kinda Definitely Technically sort of kangaroo hops. Drugs. Illegal Do them Dare to dink differently. Olympics All, right? The hail Mary of maybe he did it again. I don't know that he ever had Olympics in there but Oh wait, No we said Olympics twice. He didn't. What was Mark's war team? Participate. Participate. Okay. Yeah. Wow. So it got super off topic but at the same time you guys got a whopping nothing All, right? You say it got off topic but like your own words, you went from fucking bird to canyons.

(29m 27s):
So like you know it happens. Alright man, You got look man, I'm trying to, you got off topic for my Word. I'm sorry. Our word association's not good enough for you. My word Anyway. You guys got no points and honestly I don't blame you because this one, I don't even know what my brain was doing. I went participate to convention, which made sense. Oh okay. Meet and greet. Meet and greet. Went to speak and spell speak and spell went to that thing that has a face but has a microphone and a tape recorder. The Government, His name's Mike. Is that His name? I don't know his name's Mike. Yeah, from Toy Story he stands too close to Woody. The feedback Right? Yeah. Anyway, and then I went to nostalgia. We were Basically there.

(30m 7s):
Wade, you get the first crack at the bonus points. Why did I get to nostalgia? I got nostalgic when thinking about childhood toys but I didn't have toys as a kid because I was poor. Thinking back on the past and toy story or if that's not what got you there then just like childhood toys and things that we used to play mess around with. That's it. Childhood toys. That's it. I didn't know we could just string guesses together. It might've been toy story, it might've been childhood toys. It might've been that you looked at a poster on your wall that made you feel nostalgic. I was thinking out loud man. You do the thinking in here. I do the thinking right here Bob. There's another bonus point here. Oh God, that's a random thought that's associated with the description of what was just there.

(30m 51s):
Mark wrote in the margins of his scribbles. Man, why do I always feel the urge to say speak and spell like it's in a German accent. And it. Just miss your speaking spell. That's not what's in the margin. I was hoping one of you would say, but Mark, you didn't have toys as a kid because you were so poor. That's what I wrote down. I was, we were trying to be nice to today. 'cause you're the host. Yeah. Like Bob thought it. I'll give you a hint for future things. You guys said so many things that are in other lists to come in this recent one. Okay. And I remember what we said. I don't know if that's gonna throw you off. You guys would've gotten many points if it was related to anything else.

(31m 32s):
Bob, Get us to kangaroo hops. I think that's the one. Wade, you're up next. The word czar, senior prom, old person prom. The old guy from Toy Story. Two glasses, perfect. Eyes. All, right? Wade, your word is Senior. Senior. Like senior citizen. Senior. Just senior graduate. The graduate Diploma. Silly hat. Medal Of honor Service. Medal Olympics. Gymnastics, Kangaroo hops. I'm sitting Australia.

(32m 12s):
Breakdowns. Technically the computer. Well file algorithm. All. right? No code. No stop code. Stop. Stop Code. I hear You. Wait, you're supposed to ask. I know he gave us a hit, but that was just random unrelated stuff. It came To mind man. I said what came to mind? Ah, That's fair. So here's the scoreboard. You guys got no points. I can't believe it. When you said the medal or whatever you used to. That got me to medal. Medal. I was like, oh, back to Olympics. And then that opened the floodgates of all the other words Was was with honors one or graduating with honors? 'cause you had a reaction when I said of honor. Nope, nothing.

(32m 52s):
My list went from senior to prom to old person prom. Okay Pro to the old guy from toy story two to glasses to perfect eyes. We were very close Bob. The next word you would've had would be Kangaroo Hops. That that would've been it. Bob, why did I get to perfect eye? I have perfect ties Because you thought you said glasses and then you thought about how you had the smiles surgery and how you now have perfect eyes and you don't wear glasses anymore. That's it. That's it. That's it. Perfect Eyes. Selfish. Mark says the word perfect.

(33m 32s):
He gets there by thinking about himself. It is. Yeah. It's Mark's. Secret. Words. It's all about me. It's all about me. I will say I started this list from a random word. so I had a website that was just completely random words. The words are frank. Hot sauce. The hot one's guy. Bald Wade, water. Wait, no Bob, who's going First? I go First. Bob, you're going first. Your word is Frank. Sinatra Singer Dancer Moves. Sits Standing ovation, Sitting, silence, Clapping, Jazz hands, Saxophone, Trumpet, Instruments, Technology, Synthesizer, Synthesizer.

(34m 17s):
I barely know her. All, right? Okay. We're way, we're way off base. I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you the first two. Are we starting over? Yeah, we're gonna start over because you guys got nothing again. So Bob, I'm gonna give you the first two All. right? Good. That'll Help. I went from Frank to hot sauce. Oh Tabasco Put that shit on everything. Shit everywhere. Spicy Meatball In your mouth too. Hot. Hot. Damn. Queen Latifah, Queen Latifah eating a cheeseburger. The hamburger, McDonald's, Wendy's, All, right?

(35m 0s):
Let's end it there. Redheads. Sorry, what? How many Did we get? Mark? How many did we get? You Guys got zero. This Is gonna be such a good game guys. Wait, is this what happens when you have your Secret Words and we don't say any of the Words? Oh dude, it feels great when you're hosting and you see those goose eggs. You know what Bob and I should do is go to court and just have a serious drama about things and not even participate. All. right? So one food's good. Okay, so I went from Frank to hot sauce to the hot ones. Guy Sean Evans, Don't know his name. Sure. To bald, to Wade to water.

(35m 42s):
All. right? Well at least we have a pattern. I live rent free in that Nogging. Oh No Wade. I think it's your turn. Why did I get here? How did I get to water? This is just what happened again. The guy from Hot ones is Baldwin. That got me on the same train. Well I'm pretty sure, let me go down the list here. Hot ones guy is bald, which got you to bald, which got you to me. When you think of me, you think of the water damage and the drowned man. That's it. That's it. That's it. You get the bald point. All, right? But I think of you a lot. I think of you a Lot in relation to one topic. He thinks of you all the time. I think of you all the time. Bald and water.

(36m 23s):
Yeah, I'm glad our decades long friendship has meant so much. Water Is like essential to life. You say that in the drown man. I do. Yeah. Once the bringer of life. Yeah. Thank you. Now the bringer of death. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Everyone listening at home? Everyone watching at home? Don't question this. Here's the list of words. The words are gap. Pop your pussy on down to our spring sale TikTok. Update apology video. Hey guys. Alright Wade. It definitely ends in bald. Wade water. A hundred percent. Or kangaroo hops. I'm waiting for it to come back. This is the most absurd list. I know, but it's just what it is.

(37m 3s):
Can't Wait for you to feel insulted when we don't get to it. Let's do it. All, Right? Who's who's turn? Wade, you go first now. Yeah. Yeah. All, right? Wade, your first word is gap Thighs breast hot Chicken mark. Looks like he's gonna orgasm. Oh, I was Disappointed. What do you mean mouth Breather. But I hardly even know. Hey, that was my bid. I'd like to see their bits. Harassment. I'm just gonna close this pen. Hr, Vr, Headset, goggles. Goggling, Googler. Hardly Even know.

(37m 44s):
Alright, well let's end in there. If I give you the second one, it's not gonna help you at all. So I'm just gonna go ahead and give the list. It went from Gap to pop Your pussy on down to our spring sale. What the fuck? No, that was Bob and I were right there. That's But what if we had gotten that though? Can you imagine? I would've Been so happy. But it, the reason and okay, it goes from that to TikTok. Then update, then Apology video to Hey guys. Hey God, Why does Apology? Okay, So do you guys know the The ppu? No, I'm unfamiliar with that. No, Man. I don't know that you're Saying that.

(38m 25s):
You didn't come up with that. No, I would. There was a, there was a voice, like an AI voice changer on TikTok or something that sounded just like the person who does ad reads for Gap or any of those sales. So they, they did, they did a, a video that was like, it's our blockbuster summer sale. So get out your tits and pop that pussy down. Just looking. They're really funny. I, I swear it's funny guys. That's really funny. Bob, who's turned? Bob, how did I get to the end of that Train of thought? This isn't about Wade, it's just that apology videos usually start with a sad Hey guys or o never thought I'd have to make a video like this.

(39m 6s):
What was the end exactly? Oh you don't remember. Oh, you had to pay attention. Bald Wade Water. Is that what you said? No, that's not what I said. That's okay. I don't need to know the word to know how you got there. You couldn't let go of pop your pussy on over to our top blockbuster summer sale. And so literally every word you thought of after that was just whatever word came into your head. In between all of the un uncontrollable, giggling. There's no rhyme or reason. It's just a random string of words you were dying desperately to think of. 'cause you were trying to play the game. No, I mean in the most technical Broadway maybe, but no. Can I take a crack at it? If I remember at your last two things were apology videos and then, Hey guys, which apology video you got too from all of the other sex stuff, I guess, and TikTok things and apology videos were big on YouTube.

(39m 54s):
I suppose YouTube maybe you thought of something, you were still laughing so you were like, what's something else funny on YouTube? Oh yeah. Wade's stupid ass intro. Hey guys, My explanation Wade word, forward word. This isn't about Wade, it's just that apology videos usually start with a sad, Hey guys or oof, never thought I'd have to make a video like this. It wasn't about you at all. That's hard to believe with all the bald wade waters we've had. Look, and that's why I wrote that specifically. That's why I wrote. 'cause when I said apology video, I just heard in my mind, Hey guys, I Want Korian to get ahold of you and F no wait, not He's the one who'll kill you. What's the, hold on, what's the psychologist that I'm not sure who you're trying to think of.

(40m 35s):
Freud. Freud. Yeah. Fuck your mother guy. Yeah. I want Freud to get ahold of you and look at that. Like, not your conscious, but your subconscious thoughts and see if I'm just, it's just me. I don't think I explained that it wasn't just Me with a glass of water. Mar Hey, you guys are doing great. We're Killing it. I was close. I said intro and apology video. I was, I was right there. So Bob, you're going first. Wade, you'll get the bonus question. Here's the list of questions or words. The association that I have. The words Are push whiskey, xxx porn. There's no way It's good that you tried to keep these real sane for us. Thanks.

(41m 15s):
You know, it's just, it's authentic. That's what it is. Secret. Words is as easy as you thought, is it? No, I knew this to be true from the moment in, in its honest. When, when we actually invented, you know, Secret Words in, in honest, I didn't watch it. So it's, to me it's an original concept. So when we did the paintball, remember 'cause it was paintball punishment. Ethan wrote words on a big whiteboard behind me. I had to give a review of it and when I said a secret word, he would shoot me with a paintball. So this is, you know, I don't know what kind of high horse Wade wants to sit upon when he stole from the award winning the award-winning series Unes. Honest, What I stole from doesn't exist and I never watched it.

(41m 55s):
That's true. I'm getting a call from the Joker right now. That's probably not good. It's just literally Mr. J is calling me right now. I think a har I'm Am I Harley Quinn? If, if you answer it right now and go Mr. J, I'll give you a hundred bucks. I'll, I'll let you'll win the episode. I just missed it 'cause it's over. I totally wish I had now, but I waited too long to tell you what was happening. Who's up? I'm up first. Yeah. Bob, you're up first. Just down the right path. Bob. Your word is push Pull. Let's see, Pulley Exercise. Exorcism Been vomiting A rollercoaster. Ooh. Big hills. Loopy loops.

(42m 36s):
Ride Mama. Ride. Motorcycle gang. Sons of anarchy, Daughters of love Sisters of that one guy. Never met him. Market ply, Old friend. Wade. Water, Kangaroo hops. Damn it. Any other? Do you want throw any other In there? Olympics? Nope. Nope. All, right? Nope. Okay. Do you want, do you want the second word as a hint? Yeah, no, maybe we go around again. I'm assuming we got zero points. Yeah, zero points. All. right. Let's try it again. Give us a sec. Give us the first two. Let's see if we can get on this bad boy. Here You go, Bob. The first word was push.

(43m 17s):
The second word is push. Exclamation. Exclamation. Okay, peeve. Get that baby out there. It's not a word, it's, it's the Lamaze breathing though. Crowning. That shave meant Unlocked. My heart Will go on. There Was room on the door. Fucking Jack Sparrow Rum Gone. What the fuck? Beach Volleyball Pop Spinning.

(43m 59s):
Okay, you're off it. Okay, I'm gonna cut it there. Oh, I'm gonna give Wade half a point for that. I don't know how, how that happened. What were Yours? Okay, my, my words were push, push demo, man. Because I heard it in his voice from Team Fortress two. Okay. And then I went to whiskey and Wade said rum. And I know they aren't the same, but it's like it's just in a game of no points. I think I gotta give 'em half a point for that one. All. right? Unless you don't want to. Unless you don't want to. No, no, that's That's fair. That's fair. And Then you got completely off again because I went from whiskey to triple X because usually on whiskey bottles it's like, you know, or is it like moon moonshine bottles or whatever it is. That's usually like moonshine or something.

(44m 40s):
But yeah, And then I went from there to porn. I, Man, I was with you on that one, Wade. Why? How did I get, I mean, it's obvious. I'm not proud of this one, Man. Wish I could still drink, but thank God I still have porn. That's a beautiful sentiment. I don't know if it relates to what I said, which was just, I'm not proud of this one. That's all I said. I think you said that you're not proud of this one. Mark, do I get the point? Yeah. You never gave him a chance to steal. Oh wait, Yeah. Sorry, I Forgot. No, you don't get a point. Oh well that's fair. Okay, we only got two more categories here. I believe in us. The words are spray, skunk, tomato, juice, Kool-Aid, man, blood and lung.

(45m 27s):
Wait, you're going first. Cool. Spray Paint. M me, graffiti artist, Draw, Quick draw, Fire, Aim paces. 10, 8, 6. Fire Counting. Nope, whoopsie Shot myself. Wade, bald water, All. Right. That's great guys, you got no points. Why didn't I think of 9, 10, 8? It's like everybody. Ethan like put four, change Five.

(46m 12s):
God counting just always gets me. I Dunno why my brain went to eight. Like even as I said it, I was like why? Okay, so do you want the second word that I got? Let's go around again. We got this All, right? So who's first? I have already forgotten me. I think. Har Wade. I went from spray to skunk, Stinky Pepe Lepe. Oh, a baguette. Oh, France, Paris, Big tower. The biggest Eiffel E Full. I hardly know. Sex Pistols Firing while coming. Yo sex mini Sam.

(46m 54s):
What's that mustache do though? A truck. Mud flap with sexy Yosemite. Sams on it. The Ball's on the back, but they have the mustache Truck. Nuts with mustache. I'm stopping. Tell Yos Sam had to be on your list. That's a, that's an absolute hit right there. No, but I give you a point for it. That was good enough for me, I guess. What'd you get Mark? I went from spray to skunk to tomato juice. Oh, to Kool-Aid man to blood to iron lung. We were so close. Wade, I imagine you arrived there because literally the only thing you can think of when you hear the word blood or see blood or think about blood in any way is probably iron lung.

(47m 39s):
I almost said iron man. But that's not the movie you made. You made iron lung. That's the one. Yeah. Yeah, good point for that. What with the eye infection and the ear infection and the probably pneumonia or whatever you had. How did We go from skunk to sexy? Yosemite? Sam, Bob, Yosemite, Sam, You, you said firing while coming. I'm pretty sure that, Yeah, you just literally described him and then I just had to say his name. You Well I said sexy. You said pistols and I just pictured someone with pistols just like Yeah baby. It's obvious. There are two more bonus points in this one. And they're related to a personal anecdote that I have not told either of you guys, but it's related to the last thing. It happened yesterday.

(48m 19s):
You would have no idea what this is, but there's two points ever grabbed. Here they are for everyone. El Also had a junk removal guy come dump some stuff and he was very suspicious about the buckets of fake blood and plastic wrap with fake blood stains. It's related to the last thing, which was iron lung All. right? So there was one copy of iron lung on a computer and that computer got sprayed by a skunk. So you tossed it in a tub of tomato juice hoping that the smell would get out. But now every time you play the movie you're just like, oh, that reminds me of the blood. But worse. I was gonna say that is topical but not correct. I know what he wrote. What happened is you've been having a lot of work done on your house to fix your solar, to get your render farm up and running.

(49m 2s):
And you've had people in your, in your house and specifically in your garage. And there was a guy in your garage who found two 10 gallon jugs filled with blood and he came and got you and was like, shouldn't these be refrigerated? And you were like, oh, it's fake. It's fake. Yeah, no, it's for a movie or something. It's fine. Don't worry about it. Then your relationship to that electrician was never the same. You get the fucking point my dude. You get the goddamn point. No. What? You right. It is close enough because I said word for word also had a junk removal guy come dump some stuff and he was very suspicious about the buckets of fake blood and plastic wrap with fake bloodstains.

(49m 45s):
That is what I wrote. And you said it was, that was close enough. That is wild Bob. Well done. And He did not tell, I mean, it wasn't the right story. So clearly he didn't tell me that. Just, I just knew what happened. Wade, there is one more point that is related to that. It's my train of thought on these. Just old, straight over your Train of thought. There's one more point available. I know what he wrote. He charged me extra. Wade. What's my next thought that just came after this related to what was just occurring? Man, I hope he doesn't open the other buckets I have in the garage. No. Bob, what it You? You, you paused for a moment and thought about that and then scribbled next to your original scribble.

(50m 29s):
That would probably be a really good way to get away with a murder. You mix a bunch of real body parts and blood in with a bunch of fake blood and just say that it's from a movie or a YouTube video or something. You know, I wish I would've said that because I told him, man, I realized it was, I did think that, but I didn't write that down because I told him, don't open the buckets. They've, they're very stinky. Like they've fermented. You don't want that smell anywhere. So they wrapped it in plastic bags and everything. But what I wrote was he charged me extra. That's the only other separate thought that came off of That. He's just like, he charged extra All. right. There's one more category. We've got this Wade Lock in. The words are hand masturbation, constipation, laxatives, Olympics, break dancing.

(51m 16s):
Last category, Bob, hand Ball Throw. Discus Olympics Gold medal Competition. I don't know why, but competition Europe. I'm a pian. Why might you do that? Jar jar You said here too. Stop doing that. Do It in Palpatine's voice. No, that's not a quote from the movie. I just thought that In Palpatine's voice. Maybe. In Palin's voice. Wait, turn that up On the radio.

(51m 60s):
Miss. I love you Miss. Do it. It's an episode of Robot Chicken. Seth Green. Seth Meyers. S-N-L-F-M-L. Lube. Oh no. Get the spatula. All. Right. Okay. All. right. I know that was on your list. One word from my list was said. I won't say who. I won't say what, but I'll tell you guys one of the words. Was it enough of their words to earn a point for someone? Yeah. Yeah. It Oh it was. It was the exact word.

(52m 40s):
Yeah. Bob, I'm gonna give you the first two words, Okay? And this won't help you at all. Good. Okay. Hand masturbation, Fleshlight thrust. Ah, Grundle. Lady Grundle what? Down under Break Dance. Kangaroo Gold medal, Beef. Where is it? That's a thing that that made me think of but I can't remember what it is. Lost keys. Alicia Keys. The black keys. Where are my keys Dude? Where's my keys?

(53m 21s):
The giant lady whose underwear you see walking around in that movie. Blade Runner 2042. Harrison Ford. Matt Damon. Jimmy All. right? We'll end it here. I think. All Right? Give us the first five words. No, no, no, no, no. Because another word was said. It was Jimmy, wasn't it? No. If I could do a Carl Weezer impression, I would've done him saying Jimmy. Jimmy. He's got Wheezer. That was dead odd. That was spot on. It's Me, Carl, Carl Wheer, Jimmy, I don't know if that's a good idea. Hand masturbation, constipation, laxatives, Olympics, break dancing.

(54m 3s):
No. And Wade, you get a chance to get the bonus point here. How did I get through that train of thought? We once had a video idea that only had the title Laxative Olympics. But after all the amazing events of the Olympics, I can only think of that Australian break dancer. I know exactly. I know exactly how you got there. Good luck Wade All, right? I mean, hand masturbation iss pretty easy. Masturbation, constipation sounds similar and like their areas aren't too far apart. Laxatives. 'cause if you're constipate take laxative to clear it out during competition, sometimes people just fucking shit themselves. I don't know if there's something that happened during the Olympics that made that happen, but maybe that's what got you to the Olympics. Olympic memory break dancing.

(54m 45s):
Wrong Bob Up to, up to your transition to the Olympics. He was generally correct. You got from laxative to Olympics because of all of the stuff about the Send River being so filled with shit and making several athletes ill after swimming in it for competitions at the Olympics and then Olympics to break dancing is pretty obvious because all the memes about Ray Gunn and her break dancing for Team Australia. Both of you understand the break dancing part of it, but you didn't get the laxative part of it, which is what I actually wrote about here. Once upon a time. Ethan I think came up with an idea for a video called Laxative Olympics. How would we know about that?

(55m 25s):
Yeah, it's fair Bob. It's fair. This Is my thought. You've, you've guessed an event that occurred yesterday that didn't occur. That is what I wrote down. We once had a video idea that was only had the title laxative of Olympics. And then I did mention, but after all the amazing events of the Olympics, I can only think of the Australian break dancer, but I think both of you would only get partial credit for it because the main part of that was laxative Olympics, which I swear I've mentioned to you guys. Laxative Olympics is such a dumb idea compared to the one we had called dildo dodge ball. I wouldn't disagree because we didn't do it. It. The idea is that we, we take a bunch of laxatives all at the same time And then do a bunch of competitions obviously. Yeah, no, I know what's happening.

(56m 4s):
Whoever Doesn't shit their pants, whoever shoots their pants last wins. I still wanna do dildo dodge ball one day. I don't. That sounds like it would hurt. That just sounds expensive. You know how expensive it would be to get some interesting dildos to play dodgeball With? Yeah, he used get a bunch of like green Nerf guns and you see CJM in the Editors make all these dodge balls dildos Like watch right now. Editors hit them with the dildo in the face right now. Here's the total. You guys did great. The competition was wonderful. Bob. You got one initiative point for a small talk volunteering. You got point for ant funny horse brought worst water, hair, perfect eyes, yo sex midy, Sam, some sli slim suckle.

(56m 51s):
Oh Okay, I remember that. The Slim suckles. Oh the Blood. The blood. The blood blood. Oh okay. Yeah, you you got it for iron only being related blood. And then there was another point you got for blood suspicion. 10 points. Wade, you got a handsome point for being the most handsome devil on the podcast today. Thank you. You got a point for dump cup for the shit cup Hospital childhood toys, bald. You got half a rum 0.8, which made me laugh. But that's a seventh point plus six and a half point Olympics and break dancing, which brings you up to eight and a half points. Yes. It was not golf rules. I don't remember how many Bob had. I think eight and a half was enough to win, right? Yeah. Didn't I have eight? Bobby had 10.

(57m 31s):
Oh, I had 10 I the next number in line. Yeah, that's right There. It was half a point away. How did we both think I won there? I dunno. Even if we only gave Bob half a point for hair, it still would've been a win for Bob. So congratulations Bob. We will someday do a secret golf score episode, but today's not that day. What do you have to say for yourself? I know you. I know what goes on in your head. I know what happens in your day-to-Day life. I changed some of the details so I didn't scare you, but I have cameras and I saw your interaction with the junk removal guys and I knew that they charged you extra. I just didn't want to make it too obvious. I had to make the wind believable so Right, right.

(58m 12s):
Sometimes it's good to know things about your friends. Sometimes it's better to know everything about your friends. Wow, I'm unsettled Wade. How did this go wrong? Well, it All went wrong whenever I was trying to get into your guys' heads. Whenever mine is such a weird cluster fuck of things that I think maybe I need to go talk to somebody about my train of thought. But yours was pretty fucked up too. so I feel a little bit better about myself. We're just fucked in different ways, which is why we're friends. Not the same person. Very well spoken. There were no bonus points for the lose speech for Secret Words. You wouldn't have hit 'em anyway. Really had to work to get you points weighed. This concept is a lot harder to get and if I remember when Ethan was trying to shoot me with the paintball, I also did not say hardly any of the words that be said.

(58m 52s):
Turns out trying to predict that is difficult, but you still managed to get some. So thank you everybody at home for watching and or listening and for hitting whatever button that gives us love. There's a love button out there somewhere. Somewhere on the page that you're listening and or watching to find it. Give us love. Oh, someone found it. It wasn't you who didn't do anything. No, it was someone else. Someone else got there first and gave us that love and I felt that. And you stood there and did nothing. We'll still feel it if you try. It's worth trying, but I just want you to know you won't be first. Thank you Wade. Thank you Bob. Next week Bob will be hosting 'cause he won. Yay. I will not be. Thank you everybody so much for being here. Podcast out.