
This episode is brought to you by Indiana Jones. In the Great Circle, uncover one of history's greatest mysteries in Indiana Jones. In the Great Circle, a first person single player video game set between Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Last Crusade. The Year is 1937. Sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power and only one person can stop them. Indiana Jones, Do I enjoy Indiana Jones? I may have done a cosplay of me in a refrigerator surviving a nuclear bomb. Yes, I do. Adventure calls Indiana Jones in the Great Circle out now on Xbox Series X and S Game Pass and PC rated T for teen copyright and trademark. 2024 Lucas Film Limited. All rights reserved.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. There's nothing sweeter than baking cookies during the holidays with Prime, I get all my ingredients delivered right to my door, fast and free. No last minute store trips needed. And of course I blast my favorite holiday playlist on Amazon Music. It's the ultimate soundtrack for creating unforgettable memories from streaming to shopping. It's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for Career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


Good evening gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Marquee Mark mentions a murder and upgrades on a Dr. Frankenstein, Bri, or Bob gives a friendly fridge update suggests slicers, mandolins giving Logan Head and nutrition ninjas will endowed Wade has citrusy canines, proposes power poses, gummy gonads total tools, and a stark special from listener lethality to Paul Loing, A Pal's Penis. Yeah, it's time for mock of this years. Now. Sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Good Evening everyone, and welcome. I Don't know if it caught the beginning of that. I thought you said poopy everyone. Good evening everyone, and welcome to Distractible, my co-host and Not In Frame. We're the podcast that brings you weekly, Bi-week biweekly. Biweekly. Definitely. Is That a threat you don't enjoy? You don't fall, you die. Biweekly deceased monthly pass. Semi-annually. It's actually pronounced Distractible. People have been getting it wrong this entire time. Finally, we're letting 'em know the secret. There's many secrets. Many Easter eggs, no one's found them or the prizes that are connected to them. I'm honestly surprised The Subres not just blowing up. We overestimate them.


They're ignorant. But it's okay. I am Mark Liar. I'm hosting today's episode because I won last time and that means I have to subject these two wonderful, beautiful competitors to my whims. I know you said nice things, but I was fully prepared to be offended by your descriptors of us. And I'm, I'm taking a little aback. You can be offended. I don't, I don't think that's appropriate. You were very nice. Oh, Thank you. You get one nice point. I wasn't listening. Do I get a point for oblivious? Yep. Oblivion Point. I'll give you that. Great game needs a remake. I don't Know if it needs a remake. I don't know if that was a great game. Not great game. Don't play it. But great game. Morrow Wind I think was a great game. Oblivion was just, oh man, he is the cousin at the family reunion.


You don't wanna talk to, you know, damn. Looks odd. But there's so much funny shit if you're willing to put hundreds of hours into it. Oh Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Also, I really should have brushed my teeth man. I just ate orange chicken and I can still see it. My teeth are very orangey. Yum. I haven't eaten anything. I'll tell you what though. I've been doing like a high protein diet, like To smile. I haven't Eaten anything. I haven't eaten anything. Not 'cause I've been cutting on carbs a lot. Not to talk about diet. Like I'm sorry for everybody who doesn't like us talking about diet, but this is just, I Like it. Not eating carbs is really good for your teeth. Like my teeth feel healthier. It's something about how carbs and sugars just kind of ferment in your teeth.


And if you're not super careful about flossing and brushing all the time, it can catch up to you. And so not having that has actually been quite good for my teeth. I always speed on the highway so nothing catches Me. You don't have a car? Yeah man, I give you a lying point. I Was just imagining you running, crank it up. Yeah, Funny story about that. I think this is the first time we've chatted since Thanksgiving. It's been a minute. So apparently there was, I don't know if it's a TikTok thing or if it was just one off what it was. But my nephews over at Thanksgiving were showing me something on their phone where there was like an uncle race, like the family uncle race. The four old dudes got into a line and started running and like one of 'em stopped immediately. One of 'em like fell over.


One of 'em kind of just veered off to the left. And one of 'em kind of like to the finish line, my nephews were like, we need an uncle race. And my brother was like, no. I was like, I'll uncle race. And they're like, well there's no one else to race. I'm like, what if I race you? They're like, uncle Wade, we don't wanna put you to shame. We lined up and I beat those little shit. So I fucking outran every single one of 'em. I still got it. That's 'cause kids don't have any idea of what age really is. So you versus a 90-year-old man is basically the same in their mind. So 35, I still got it man. I'm still in my prime. There's People that go to the Olympics at that age. You are the only one who's trying to downplay our glorious age of 35. I'm up. I just said I want a race.


What do you mean downplay? I'm saying I'm awesome. Yeah, but You're saying it in a way For our age. I'm awesome there. There we go again. What? You're Qual. You're qualifying. Why are we qualifying? You have to Qualify to go to the Olympics too, mark. Just some people go to the Olympics, it's okay for them. Those words are technically related to each other. Yes. Thank You. I arrest my case, your Honor. Bob, how's your life? Good. Really good. I've been sick for a month and a half straight. That's great man. I've been sick. Manny's been sick. Baby's been sick. It turns out baby's just bring in all kinds of little everything 'cause he has no immune system. And then everyone passes it around 'cause we all, you know, we hang out a lot. James got sick first a while back in October and then I got sick and then Mandy got sick and then Mandy kind of stayed sick and then I kind of got better and then James almost got better.


But then he got more sick and then he kind of got me sick again and I think I just got Mandy sick again. We've all just had like a cough and a sore throat and a stuffy nose for like a month and a half. It's good. It's going good. Also, I think I shortened my life accidentally by about a decade. 'cause I installed a handrail on our front porch. We have concrete steps up to the front of our house and there's no railing or anything on our porch. It's like super dangerous. And so I was putting a handrail in and to do that, I drilled into the concrete. After I did all this, you're supposed to wear like a, like an N 92 kind of mask for particulates. 'cause when you drill concrete it makes like really fine mesothelioma type dust.


It's not mesothelioma, but it's, and and while I was doing it, I was like drilling Which hammer? Drilling concrete. Very unpleasant. It's literally like for like millimeters at a time. And while I was doing it, I had that moment of like, Hmm, oh well. And then I kept going and I did that for about four hours. I probably die soon of lung debris or whatever we get from concrete dust. That's good. Going good. Everything's great over here. Good. I wonder why you're sick for a month and a half. I have no idea. Can I Ask for specific small talk from Bob? Huh? Yeah, it's called a question in conversations that usually you don't. Well I, I'm not one in a long time.


So the things I used to take for granted, I don't know anymore. It's been a while since I've been on the winner's podium. I'll give You a, I'll give you a pedantic point. All right, Bob, how was your Thanksgiving? Because the last we talked your fridge situation was less than ideal. That feels like it was so long ago now. It was last week. It feels like it was a Long time ago. It was last week as of today. Oh, it was at least two or three weeks. This episode there, it was at least three weeks ago. I Told the whole story Best Buy totally screwed us over. But we went to another local place on Tuesday afternoon. We went to this place, picked one out on Wednesday afternoon. They came, they installed that bad boy.


It was cold that evening. That fridge made ice by the time guests were arriving the next day for Thanksgiving. Hell yeah. Yeah. So that local store, which the name of which I can't remember currently, it's like Appliance Factory. Appliance Factory Appliance Factory Mattress Outlet. The guys that worked there were super nice. Literally while we, when we got there, there was a truck loading that was about to leave and we talked to the guy. We were like, we, we need this like for tomorrow, tomorrow's Thanksgiving or, or tomorrow's the day before Thanksgiving. We have no fridge. Can you help us? And he was like, Hey Gary. Like just wait a minute. Just like hang out in the back. Okay, take a break. I'll hold the truck here and if you guys decide to buy this fridge, we'll put it on that truck And it will take it out to like the warehouse and then they'll deliver it to you guys tomorrow.


And they did. And it worked. We literally bought it. They did. It was great, great service. And the dude texted me every step of the way. He texted and was like, Hey, did the delivery guys reach out to you? Yeah. Okay. Good. Good. Hey, did they show up? Yeah, they're at your house now. Okay, great. Great. Couldn't be better. So you're saying the lesson here is that sometimes small operations are much better than giant corp posts? Dude, every day for the rest of my life, it's gonna be small business Tuesday or whatever the hell that's called. I just not honestly, it was, they had a big showroom. It's a very nice store. It's not like it was a mom and pop place, but it's a local place. I'm, I'm down to give my money to a local business a hundred percent of the time from here on out because the big box stores have never done a good thing to me unless I'm going in and grabbing the product myself.


They've always been terrible. If our ratings start to slip next year though, you gotta go back. Oh yeah, no, I'll totally recant all that. I'll do anything for a sponsor, don't worry. Oh, I was thinking more for content, but sponsor two I guess. Oh yeah, no, whatever. I guess content. But I mean, we could stage all kinds of stuff for content. I don't have to. Every time you pass an alley and someone goes, wanna buy a fridge, you gotta go in there for the content man. You just gotta just Have a basement with like eight fridges in it can't stop. It'd actually be really cool if a guy did that and like opened up his jacket and he said like, little models of fridges. And he is like, yeah, which model do you like? Whatcha are you looking for? And he just opened the little tiny models and they were just tucked in his jacket. I mean, it could work. And what it turned out, he's totally legit. You go into his dark alley and then he pick one and he, he pulls out like a clipboard with a bunch of paperboard and he's like, All right, well we can get this delivered to you in about a week.


I wanna be Alley trench coat fridge guy. Now Do you wanna sign up for the Alley Appliance store rewards program? It's free to sign up and you know, there's just, you'll get some emails. It, it's helps you, helps us 20% off this fridge right now. Well, good, good. I'm glad Wade, you asked Bob about that fridge update. I gave him the point for that. Thank You. That's Fair. I totally forgot we hadn't resolved that. I can't believe that. It's been a while since we've talked a long time. Speaking of catching up, did you guys see the news story about the the United Healthcare CEOI Did. Did you see simultaneously there was a story coming out where Blue Cross Blue Shield was gonna change their policy about covering anesthesia during procedures. What a Coincidence. I did see that, you know, interesting thing today I saw that they decided not to go through with that.


Yeah, they were gonna make it worse for people. And today they're like, what if we don't do that? And it's like, what a weird coincidence. We live in wild, scary times, man. Yeah. And for those that don't know, there was someone that shot the CEO of UnitedHealthcare. We do not condone that in any way, shape, or form. But at the same time, one of the commonalities that I see online is that no one seems to be surprised. A lot Of people aren't even Upset. It is interesting. It, you see a lot of stuff at, I mean, even we don't really talk politics, but even earlier this year, Trump during the campaign was shot at and and grazed by trap noll or bullet or whatever it was. He is possibly the most divisive person thing in our country. And even that, people were like, well guys, violence, come on now.


Like the this is not the way go vote. You know? And then the, the United healthcare CEO and literally I'm struggling to find online people being like, violence is not the answer. Everyone is kind of like, ooh, Ah. The most common response I saw was how many people died to your policies? And it's like, Jesus. No, I mean, it's really fucked up. Yeah. That he died and he's a person. But also the, the sentiment online about it is telling, I think to the state of things the Sentiment boils, boils down to, from what I see is a, well two plus two equals four in this scenario. You know, you can see where the math got to this point.


And so that's basically the most even opinion I've seen. But this does bring me to another conversation that I've been thinking about because what better time to take advantage of the probably new beneficial benefits that we're gonna get from our health insurance and have an opportunity to improve our lives forever. Are we selling distract assurance? No. Welcome to the mark of thesis. I have it here. I have here a drawing of myself.


You look very derisive in your drawing. Dude, I'm seeing you guys in like 180 p So this that's not doing me Anything. No, no it's not. You could see it, you could tell. So I have a blank slate because I want to do a top to bottom replacement of almost every part of me because I think it's just time to redo from the ground up. So how this is gonna work is I'm gonna propose one of my many, many body parts, many body parts that I have for upgrade. And I want you to, to propose what upgrade that part is going to have.


And I will pick whoever is more enticing of an upgrade for the new me that is going to be me in the future. And then whoever gets that spot will get that point. And then at the end of it, I will be a whole new me. And will I be the same me? Do, Do we have any like budgetary restrictions or anything? Or is it just the, the sky's the limit. Insurance will cover it now. Things really are changing. What an inspiring episode. Yeah, let's do it. What's this episode called? God bless health insurance? No, Mark of Theseus. The mark of thesis. Are you sure it's not called the Body of Markus? Nah, that doesn't work. That's way worse. Actually. The ship of Marky Mark's parts just abandoned thesis altogether.


Oh man. But people won't click on that. No. Yeah, we gotta click bait a little bit. Marks parts, parentheses. Yeah. Ship athe stuff. All right Wade, I'm gonna, you're gonna go first for reasons I can't explain. Pick a part and we're gonna start with that. And you're gonna present something or no? Here we go. You pick a part. Bob has to go guess first or say what it is. All right. All Right. Okay. I still, I I literally cannot see the drawing, but are You familiar with the human body? I'm, I'm just telling you right now. You guys have been kind of coming in a little rough for me. So I don't know. Let's go with, is left shin, is that marked specifically? Is that a knee? It's the leg. Just the leg itself. It's just The leg. Man. Listen man, everyone watching this is gonna see the drawing and understand it's censored.


For me, the whole thing is like, it's behind a sensor bar. So I'm doing my best. It is a few pixels short of PS three era graphics for us, but Specifically left leg. I did separate the body out. If we run out of time, I'll start smashing bys together and we'll just assume it's the same one. But left leg. All right, left leg. I mean, this might be controversial and I'm gonna have to sort of describe this for you, but I feel like you seem like a right leg guy to me. Like if you're kicking something, it's you need your right leg. That's, that's the, that's an act that's a right leg activity. So left leg is really sort of second fiddle. And I feel like you could upgrade that substantially if you replace left leg with, you know, those segue wheels where you stand on it and you can like, yeah, it's like a one wheel almost, but it's like you replace your left leg with some kind of wheel based traversal instrument where it's like you could just pick your right leg up and you become, you become like a, a wheelie man.


You know, you got the, you got the wheels. What's that guy, the duck guy who has the wheel legs? What's, Oh yeah. What is he, yeah, I know who you're talking about. The duck man space. Duck man Space, duck wheel Space, duck wheel, duck wheel, duck wheels, you Know? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And then he dies into the pile of coins. Right? All right. So wheel I think is what that boil At first I thought you were gonna say you, you're a right leg guy. So you know what your left leg should be another right leg. No, I just say you don't need it for as much. So the wheel, it takes away some of the functionality that your left leg currently has, but your right leg really is the one you need for that. It's like a powered, like self-balancing, gyroscopic, stabilized wheel system.


It's like a whole thing that's important. Okay. All right, Wade, what do you think? Counterpoint to that. All Right. Left leg. So you, we, we know you're a right leg guy. You kick with your right leg. We accept that the left leg is kind of a plant leg, but your plant leg iss important. So you need to be outta something sturdy. I'm thinking a power line, like a power pole that has electric wires going to it. Okay. I'm just thinking ahead here. You might need some extra juice for the future or for future projects and endeavors. You can never have enough power. If there's one thing I've been maybe fighting with with these monitors is power. You've got the servers, solar panels, power, so why not have a leg that's already hooked up to juice some more power in.


He's hooked by power cables into the power grid already and permanently, or not Necessarily hooked in yet, but he can hook in and he is got the cables ready to go. He can Be connected. It's like a big power strip, But also it's a big metal or wooden, like just power Pole. And it's strong. Is it leg length or is it power pole length? I think that's gonna depend on what we do with the right leg. We'll have to plan out the right leg and figure out length accordingly. 'cause we want them probably to be even, unless you and I are really mean, which we might be. Oh, I, no, you know what, I see what you're doing. You're pandering here. You're telling Mark in a, in a backhanded way that he could be much taller with your power pole legs. Is that true, Wade?


Is that true? Could I be? You could be. Love it. Take it. I'll take it. All right. A hundred percent. No, I like, okay, here's what I'm thinking. He's got a point. I do need to plan for the future. I might as well start from a powerful stance, both in terms of stability and power ability. For some reason I'm going with power pole. That's fine. Despite the other suggestion being obviously superior in many listable ways. I Could, the other one could be a wheel I haven't Decided, but you're a right leg guy. It's gonna be really funny if we go to right leg and I'm like wheel in that way. I'm shocked that this, I'm shocked this isn't just a battery, but at the same time, that could be dangerous for all I know.


So, you know, power pulls much safer. Yeah, man, you got a torso for that too. You're right.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well, you know, Rocket Money. It will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, We'd started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me There. This is Con Look. Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E-T-M-O-N-E y.com/dst A CT IBLE Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible.


All right. Okay. All right. Bob, would you like to pick a body part? Yes. Oh wait, I'm sorry. It's left nut and right nut se separated out in Yes, they are separated. Yeah, Let's go. Right nut. Right nut. Okay. All right. Right. Nut Wade, what you got from my right nut? Oh man. Well, based on the fact that's the first time I've seen the drawing and I wasn't prepared for this. Let me think. Don't you know What a human body is comprised of? I'm gonna be blown away with every part I learned about today. Where's the, where's the P hole? Where's that come out? We talked about that once. That's True. That's true. I'm gonna go with a gumball. Mm, expound One.


It maintains current shape, fits the form, doesn't result in children two emergency snack. You get hungry, You're out about, you need something to chew, you got a gumball. And if there's one thing I've learned from being a fucking student, it's that gum under desks last forever. So that gumball will be good and ready. So You could put it back, you could just keep chewing it and putting it back. You can mold it back into a circle. It might be a little bit misformed, but yeah, you can put it disformed. You can put it back. I'm thinking gumball. Yeah, say no more. The amount of gum that I know. Mark chews at a time putting literal, multiple packs into his mouth all at once to get the gum satisfaction that he seeks.


It's not gonna, he's gonna need a big left nut to compensate for how big that gum ball's gonna have to be. Oh, you're saying Mark doesn't have big kaons right now. I don't know if his nuts are currently big enough to satisfy his gum lust, but I would be surprised he Also didn't eat today and he could have had gum. These are all mysteries that no one will ever know the answer to. So might as well just skate on past some of those questions and get down to the suggestion. Well, you can't, you didn't take the wheel. Bob, What am I doing here, right nut? The one I picked, right. Nut, what'd you pick? Yes, I picked that. I did that. This might be more niche than I'm thinking It is, but it also just creates a lot of opportunities. You're not a big gambler, which sort of helps with the setup for this.


It would be impossible for anyone to really challenge you because it'd be a kind of a weird thing to check. It's, it looks like a right nut. But what it actually is, is a, a card dispenser that dispenses royal flushes into your pants. And so whenever you're playing poker, if you go to the casino, you're playing with your buddies or whatever. It's, it's discreet, it's under the table. You just need to get like a special pair of pants or, or work on, you know, maybe wear shorts or something. You could develop your, your sleigh of hand abilities and your right nut could help you win a lot of money at card games. How good Does your sleigh event Have to be and be like, oh, look over there.


That's the thing, is that you're, you gotta shimmy it down to your pant leg or you gotta, it's not just a direct reach and pull. You gotta, Is there a printer so you can match the back of the cards? It's quasi supernatural. The cards are always the correct kind of cards. Wow, Okay. Wow. That's really 3D printer, right? Nut I wouldn't have expected. You said there were no limits. I'm assuming with enough time and money, such a testicle could be invented And my health insurance will cover it. That is much more useful than a gumball. It, you know, the subtlety of a printer in my pants going, You just have to like time a sneeze or something.


I don't know. Every time you play poker you just like, sorry guys, I cough like that. Every, every hand. It seems like it's crazy. And then they're gonna fold because I could pick up on his tail. Every time you do that, you've had a great hand. I fold Every time you do that, you have five of a kind. I what the fuck? Even what are we playing? I think that's okay. If it doesn't help for gambling and I get banned from Vegas. It's a great magic trick. So I'm gonna go with the, the quasi supernatural. We all make mistakes. Hard nut. Yeah, he already missed out on wheel. So just making up for it. Heck, I got power pull.


You know, I, I I I don't regret that yet. It's not even renewable energy. Mark. You're just gonna wire yourself into the same coal choked grid that everyone else. You don't know what my Head's gonna Be. You don't know what it's gonna be. No, that's true. That's true. That's true. There's a long way to go. Or We're making blazing progress. All right, we're gonna go left arm L He loved the lefties. He's lefty. Wade, I didn't pick left the first. Did I? Did I pick left leg? I did pick left leg. Yeah, you picked left leg to open this. There's Only been one choice you've made and it's left leg. Look, I, no, I made gumball, I made power pull. No Left arm. Alright, this might be controversial. We all know I really like TikTok and I've been watching a lot of TikTok.


And if there's one thing that I know to be a fact of life, it's that sometimes you need to eat an entire cucumber. And for that reason I propose that your left arm be replaced with that thing you can buy on the TikTok shop where it's like a, it's like a mandolin, but you crank it and you shove the cucumber in And it slices it into little slices. It's also a cheese grater. It comes with different inserts. It's a multiple, multiple use tool. Okay. Left arm as seen on TikTok. Do You, are you unfamiliar with the, sometimes you need to eat an entire cucumber. Let me show you how. I've been off TikTok for a bit. I've been on YouTube shorts. Oh, you guys are missing out. Would recommend it Was destroying my brain. That's why I stopped. Well, the cucumber guy, he, he, he makes a lot of really good, authentic Korean food.


I think he lives in Korea. It's very, very cool. He's like a, he's like an American kid who lives in Korea. It's fascinating. And he makes delicious looking snacks. And he goes to seven 11 and Korean. Seven 11 looks fucking awesome. Oh, Korean convenience sources are awesome. It looks amazing. Okay, that's gonna be tough to beat. I probably weighed left arm like a Long, normal arm sized electronic component that ends in a multi-tool, like a planet crafter style where you can like put in an input And it will craft, it's almost like a 3D printer, almost like your nut will be. But the multi-tool is used also for like defense. It can shoot like lasers that way.


If you need to defend yourself or about kicking your power pole leg or planting it, we don't know what your right leg is gonna be yet. So, you know, you might have some defense there. I don't know. Think about the possibilities of just having the multi-tool built in. You don't have to carry, you don't have to like, oh, where did I put my multi tool? And you've got the leg to power it right there. Left arm. The leg doesn't generate power. Hang on, let's be clear. That's true. Can the leg has a wooden pole with wires on it. Oh, There'll be a battery. I will stuck that in there somewhere. We're, we're getting a battery in this man. Okay, well Now we're just writing checks. Our body can't cash here. Yeah, So don't leave me high and dry. This is a new me and you guys are responsible for, Well how are we power in the cucumber slicer? You gotta have some power somewhere. It's hand crank. It's not, it's it's old school.


It's literally manually powered. This is 2024. We don't need to manually do anything. Mark. Yes We do. If you need to hold cucumber, you just manually you do it. What do you mean? Or you swallow it whole. What if we give him no gag reflex? I can only hope. All right, so Wade, your idea is very ambitious, but it's really non-specific. If you'd have said like, inspector Gadget arm, I might go for that. Well, have You played Planet? Correct. Or you know what the Multitool ISS capable of? I don't remember what that game was about. So unfortunately I don't know that reference. I don't know what exactly it is. I can't risk that. But I love mandolin multi cooking tool. It's like a multi cooking tool with blades. And I know Blades work versus obscure multitool.


And I could always still just hold a multitool. So I'm going with the mandolin arm. It's your body, man. I won't fight you too hard, but you're wrong. Well, I'll fight you once I get my mandolin going. You, you better watch out about, Yeah, you're not gonna wanna fight him here in another couple. Those 10, 15 minutes you're gonna watch out. All right. Multi mandolin. All right, we're gonna have to pick up the pace a little bit. I'm, I'm, I wanna go big. I know what I want. Yeah, what do you want? Head. Head. Okay. Head. Is it head or brain? It's kind of just head. I thought about doing brain, but head eyes, nose and mouth are separate and hair is separate. But head wave. Look up the name something. The Head is where your mouth and your eyes are. I could describe it for you in more detail if you would like.


You know where you don't have hair. That's the head. Thanks man. Okay. Replacing your whole head. I'm assuming we, there's other small things on there to put on the head, right? So don't have to worry about your eyes and stuff. Yeah. 'cause eyes, nose and mouth are separate. So ideally your proposal allows for those to still but does not encompass those. So do not include the eyes, nose, or mouth in your suggestion for the head. Head. Could include brain and whatever else is in there. Who knows Mystery but head. All right, I got the answer. We're gonna replace it with a Lego block. One big one, like One big Lego block that's got multiple holes and stuff on it. Right? If Bob wasn't here to save your suggestions, because I was thinking tiny little Lego bucket.


Thank God he said big. I was going to specify here. I don't know if you were gonna, I dunno, I am going to specify, but I had to let the moment, I had to let you guys hear the genius before I expounded. I won't talk. Genius all over me. Let's do, It's a Lego block, right? And I don't really care if it's one big one. I was thinking one big one. You can make it outta little ones I guess. But what you need to have is you need to have room for the inputs so you can have the holes and stuff for your eyes, nose, mouth, ears, whatever. Also Lego block allows you to change out hair whenever you want. 'cause there's just the, and you can have kinda whatever appearance you want. You can even change Lego block heads out. Lego blocks allow you to have basically any appearance you want and you can put anything into those holes, whether they're Lego or not.


So that way you can have the inputs for whatever we decided for. Eyes, nose, mouth. On top of that, if someone steps on your head, dude, they're not gonna want it. They're gonna feel that pain your head impervious to damage. All it does is inflict pain. You're right. He's a hundred percent correct about that. Rest my case. I guess that's hard to argue with. Okay, are you done? Is that it? Is that It? Yeah man, I'm done with my checkmate. Okay, get ready for this one. This is out there. I'm pushing the limits. Okay, we're gonna replace your head, your head made out of Wolverine style, self replenishing at a used to get the same head, same shape, same bits.


That's A lot of midface, man. Hey, come on man. Hey, come on. What the, what the hell Man? We can, we can adjust. It can be tweaked. What the hell man. It's just you just, and it's not any of the rest of you. To be super clear, this is not a thing where I'm gonna build this and it's just from the neck up. You have Wolverine, atium, skeleton, self regenerating magic head. Now I really gotta weigh these two suggestions against each other. You know? Wait, I, that was a really good one. Lego block is pretty much the best you can have if You're afraid of a lot of people stepping on your head. I can't disagree At that height. I would be By the skin of my head. I think I'm gonna go with the wolverine regenerating. So my skin regenerates too.


And yeah, no, you get full, full like Wolverine abilities, but only in your head parts. It's gonna Be really awkward when the rest of you dies. Yeah, No, it's gonna lead to some weird consequences. But like, you'll deal with that by the time that's a problem. They'll probably be able to like give you a new, you know, robotic body or something. They'll be Sal, let's solve that later. Yeah. At least I got the power pole, you know. All right, Wade, we're Gonna do nose, not left Nose. I wanna be clear nose. This Was what I was trying to like think ahead a little bit. This is what I didn't think of. I'm formulating, I can't see it in my mind, but like I kind of, I'm trying to see it in my mind. You know the aphantasia. I am going to go with the opposite of a nose.


I'm going to replace your nose with an oil diffuser, a scented oil diffuser. It will make, instead of you having to smell all the smells in the world, you will emanate only good smells. You will be the thing that smells so good. And if you'd want to, you can leave it empty. You don't have to fill it up. It's not an, it's not a magical oil diffuser. You can choose to not fill it up or whatever. My body creates the oils and exudes It. Maybe what you eat affects it. Maybe it's like if you, you eat a lot of oranges, you, you know, you sort of, that adds oranges into your oiliness. Don't eat ass. Yeah. Careful. That's good advice for life, Wade. I point for that.


Just saying, man, you better be careful. Well, All right, so instead of a smeller, it's a smell E or a smell. Smell. V. Yeah. Be a smell E Wade. How are you gonna beat that? All right, We're going, I'm going the opposite of that. I'm going, we're going back to nose, but we're going stronger nose. We're gonna give you, I don't remember what animal had the strongest sense of smell, but we're gonna give you the outer appearance of your nose. But on the inside we're going full like fucking, what was it? Elephant or wolf or fox or whatever the hell it was. We're gonna give you a super sniffer. It's Definitely elephant. I Love your blanket sweep of possible nose based animals. Whatever the hell the animal. Look man, we can do the research later, but we're doing the super sniffer because you've got wolverine's head, so you can just pound cocaine and you're not gonna damage your fucking nostrils because it'll just heal right back up.


Oh, Strong like that. Oh, okay. I get jealous. You're going all in, baby. Wait, you know what, mark, we laughed. African elephants have the best sense of smell in the animal kingdom. Never. I Remembered it being So weird, man. It's, I thought sounded funny. I thought it would be like a bloodhound or something like that. That's what We thought when we were doing the little figurines on the cabinet. And that episode that you hosted, man, I remember an elephant. It came to mind. You know, it's a fairly basic answer, but honestly, I'd rather, if I lost my ability to smell it all, I would be very depressed. So I'm gonna go with the super nose, Super sniffer. Is it an elephant nose though? We're Gonna go into, you're not gonna have to have a long trunk. This is, this is like a bag of holding nose.


Like on the outside it's human sized, but on the inside it's elephant sized. I mean, You've got wolverine's fucking head. So I feel like maybe I can give you the power to smell better. I don't know. You're like herm mighty at the quidditch world cup, but it's your nose. You're just like whole tent. We can Afford anything here, including magic Insurance will cover it. So super knows it is. I I di I dipped us into the supernatural. I feel like that's totally fair. All right, fair. It has been declared fair, but Wade, you win the point. All right, Bob, pick apart. We're we're, I'm gonna cut right to the important parts. Heart. Heart. Got it. Wade, what's my heart? And you can't say super heart, Super duper heart. Oh god. Okay, I gotta think here because we've got cucumber slicer arm.


We've got Wolverine's head, super sniffer. You didn't go gumball, so I feel like your testicle was useless. And then power pole leg. We got a couple things here that are gonna need some juice. So we're gonna soon go with some kind of fantastic battery. I'm not the technological expert here. We'll, we'll do some research. You guys obviously know, but your heart pumping out the important juice to all the other parts. We need like a little mini nuclear fucking power plant. Or we, we need something powerful in there. Produced. Because we're not gonna give you blood, man. We gotta give you power. Tony Stark built this in a cave for scraps. Some like Iron Man's fucking thing that, that's what we're talking.


I'm gonna get, I'm gonna ask for specificity. It's a great avenue, but I need you Time's up Wade, you're done. No wait. I want you to pick one. You have to land on one. You can't leave it open. There's a lot of good ideas in there. You just gotta land on one. I mean, Bob pretty much just nailed. It's what's better than Tony Harks. Tony Hark. You know the knockoff non marvel. We don't wanna step on Disney's toes. So we have Don Donny harks chess generator powered circle. Can You, you have to remember it. Wait, no, you have to remember what it's called. Come on now. It's a publicity stunt weight. It's not supposed to work. It's the reactive arc.


Arc reactor. Arc reactor. He stumbles into that. What a comeback He got. Alright. It is donie harks arc reactor. But it's still an arc reactor. Donie harks Arc reactor. It's Like an Acme product. We've guided him there. We got him there. I saved, I saved weights. Guess. Well, I have another bold take. Wicked came out recently. Very, very popular. I saw it live on stage in Columbus like a long time ago, like 2008 or something. And it was very good, good, great show. And if I learn anything from the lore of the Wizard of Oz world, only a fool tries to replace the heart.


The Tin Man is one of the greatest characters, not only in all of fiction, but in all of existence. And he is desperate the whole time during their story for a heart. Isn't he the one looking for a heart? He's seeking out a heart tin man. Yeah. And they finally get to the wizard and he is like, ah, you don't need that. And he immediately realizes that the wizard is correct and he doesn't get a heart. And is awesome forever because he doesn't rely on a stupid sack of shit to pump blood through his body. He just lives. Thank You for the defense of my arc reactor. Man. I appreciate that. No, and I'm not saying arc reactor that I'm saying be a man. Leave it as a gaping hole.


Hmm. That is a bold defense. Compelling. Very compelling. Just does it have to be gaping? You heard him? It doesn't have to be a gaping hole. It w it will be a hole inside you. You can cover it over again aesthetically, but there is nothing there. It's an empty space. Maybe you could store some gumballs. Yeah, you Should've thought about that earlier. Yeah. Just if that comes up, if you decide you need those and you change your mind on the, on the nut thing. This Is a tough one. It's real toughie. Even though it's donie harks. I think I'm gonna go with Donie Harks Don't, don't forget, in Guyon Man, four Donie Hark needs to drink about nine gallons of Acetaminophin a day because the dark reactor is poisoning him.


'cause of reasons. I forget why exactly. But I think Wolverine can drink anything and be okay. No heart. Yeah, but, but no heart. But you're fine, you're awesome. No heart. But you're even more awesome than you were before. I'm as awesome as the Tin Man, which is very awesome. Plus You know the Wizard of Oz, theoretically. And who doesn't wanna hang out with Jeff Goldblum? Oh, that wizard. I mean, it could, there's a lot of, it could be. That's just the latest one. I'm gonna go with the arc reactor. Woo hoo. All right. We only got time for a couple more. I pick left lung. Is that on there? No, No. Listen man, I can't see. Do you need me to read out the options for you? Give, have some options. Listen.


Is penis there? Penis is here. Yes. Is What's the one above that belly button? That's Like stomach, gut, belly, basically. Like I have one for this. Even though this says shoulder, it's like this is chest and then belly. 'cause I have a lot of gut issues. So like belly and guts and stuff. Everything in, oh, Let's fix your belly up. Let's fix your belly up. I dunno what to do for belly. 'cause it's not on my list of things I was thinking of, but let's do belly. All right, Bob, it's yours to lose, I guess Your belly. E Everybody knows that the belly's job is to process the nutrients as efficiently as possible. You know what? The stomach just isn't the most efficient way to do that. It's the most efficient way we could have evolved to do it, I guess is how it worked out. But everybody knows the most efficient way to process nutrients down to their components is a ninja foodie blender.


I propose that you have a, a hose from your mouth down into a ninja foodie that you can power with your arc reactor heart since we went that way. And we have one of those infinitely powered ninja foodie blender. And it's the one that has like the, the dispenser, like the margarita dispenser. And then it dispenses the processed nutrients. And you still have like the lower gi, you still have like your small intestine, large intestine. It's just perfectly processed in the ninja foodie. The five blades spin it over 26,000 RPMs mark. And the, it's so perfectly balanced that you won't even feel a single vibration, even though it's mounted at the very core of your being.


You'd never know it's in there. So The dispenser with a little margarita tab, is that on the outside? No, no. It's just like zip tied onto your, onto your small intestine. And you have like a muscle that just like, And it has like a tendon attached to a spec. It's a specific muscle that just opens and closes. The little margarita dispenser, the Appendix can finally be useful again. Ah, man. I don't even have one of those anymore, so, All right, cool. Ah, we'll get you one. We can afford that. We'll get you one. We'll get you one. All right. Thank you. Thank you. So in the vein of food, because I got the mandolin arm, that's, I, I can, I'm very Food focused tonight, apparently. Yeah, I can see that.


Wade's gonna be tough to beat. I don't know if you need food, man. You got an arc reactor in your chest. You are producing energy that may not require ingestion. So what if we get you a fucking tummy server farm? What if we get you some like exabytes of storage? Yes. Now you're thinking You pandering son of a bitch. Exabytes. It is my body, Bob. I would want it to be what I want. I had to look up things bigger than terabytes and gigabytes that I got Exabytes. Holy shit. No question dude. You win Exabytes. Exabytes. If I was walking, no, actually this is incredible because if I was able to walk around with all the storage, I would ever need digital storage on my body powered by my bo.


That's an incredible suggestion. Exabytes. I'm just saying you've not even been eating today. It seems like that kind of stuff's, you're not concerned about it. Your head's regenerating your heart's and our reactor. What do you, I mean, you can make food for other people. You got the left arm for it. But like your tummy dude, you're the only person who's not gonna want a tummy tuck. You're gonna want an expansion deck added. You're right, you're right. He's right. Okay, we got time for like, one more. Do I, do I pick or you do? Can we do the eyes? Yes. Eyes are available. And Wade, you are picking eyes. Oh man, dude. Video camera. You have adjustable lenses you can still see, but also you can just film where you're looking.


You are your own camera. No one would ever let Mark in anywhere for the rest of his life. They Don't have to know. I I feel like the attraction, he might be with Wolverine's head, a power pole leg in the server's stomach. People might be curious enough to let him in. In all honesty, I don't look that weird. You can cover a power pole leg. I don't have to keep it extended. Wolverine head just means I have the skin healing and the metal bones. I don't if and if I look like Hugh Jackman, that's not a bad. You have a blender for an arm. Yeah, well I got sleeves for that. You know, there's nothing here. And your ball is 3D printing. Like, I feel like Especially that no one needs to know about that.


This is, That's like the most private part of all of this. This Is fairly stealthy so far. You're not specifying what camera though, because there's a lot. And many of them would be a downgrade from these bad boys. We want to make it to where it's upgradable. So we want a part that you can, you know, upgrade over time. You can change out your lenses. You can pop in new lenses. What lenses could I use? Oh, how about Midnight? That's not remotely specific enough. Please. Any of 'em, man. Camera, video. Listen, he's got wolvery head and changing out the lens is where we're drawing the line. If you're in a pander, do a better job.


He's done a pretty good job. Pandering. Bob, do you think you can pander harder? Mark, I would replace your eyes with a beautifully rehoused, professionally restored and refurbished. Konica Ulta md 135 millimeter F two telephoto, manual focus lens. Damn. It's a good all arounder. It's a beautiful lens. You Just know this off the top of your head. Fucking I listen when he talks. What do you mean? Do I just know this, this thing Mark talked to us about for a year plus repeatedly. Yeah, I recall, Dude, I got Minolta and that was it. It's very good lens. But that one is a telephoto. I would live life zoomed in.


Would you want the Kika Minolta MD 32 prime? Is that the one? Was it the 32? There's no, There's no 32. He's You're losing me. You're Losing me. No, no. It was a weird number. Wasn't it a weird number? 'cause it's a lot of 'em are 30 fives. But this was one, this one was like a weird number, wasn't it? Oh, he Is losing it. Oh no. This is why I pander cheaply. I think you're thinking of the 58. Oh, why is it 58? That's such a weird focal length. That's not a common one. It, it Used to be a very common one. It used to be very common. 'cause there was 58 back in the day. But then 58 was like, the way, the formula for the lens, the certain configuration. 58 landed at a really good spot where you could get a nice, the, the glass elements could work out nicely for that.


So, okay, so we got lenses versus lenses. And one was only more specific. I'm Not gonna lie, my original thought was I wanted to give one of them just a normal magnifying glass. So you could like be that bully who goes around like lighting people's paper on fire. I Could be a bully. You know, I have to put that up to the sun. It doesn't, it doesn't come outta the eye. Well, maybe you got the power of the sun and the palm of your right hand. We didn't get to the head. I don't know. I've done this before where I hold a lens up and I was like looking to see if it was dusty and I did it into the sun and I went, ow. Burned your own eye. Oh, that hurt. Yeah, I did. I did. Not for long, but I just, you're Like, what does the ant experience? I don't know which one to go here. They're so similar. I think that that was really the only choice for you.


We both knew lenses were the only options. All right. Okay. I'll give, I'll give it for both of you. But it, it washes out to nothing. But I got a tiebreaker. I should have just, I wade made me angry about the lenses. I had a different one I was gonna go with, but honestly it was still a camera. Well, I know the rules of this thing. I didn't know there were rules that I had to be specific. Penis. Penis. Penis. How am I upgrading my penis? You can't really downgrade. So it's all up from whatever we decide. Alright, win-wins. Alright. No, I'm just kidding. I have a gambit and I will throw this down. It is, it's not, it's nothing. It's not convoluted. I'm just gonna throw this out there. You will upgrade your penis to the only thing that could be an upgrade.


Wade's penis. Well, You're That little guy. You get a new roommate. What? What? Hell, hold on. What do I get out of this? Because I feel like I might be losing. So I, I'm not even saying, I'm not even saying that he's stealing it necessarily. If you want him to steal it, I guess that's fine. But do you have a Twin? All right, you will. If I, if you don't come up with something better or I'm going to steal your penis. This One's kinda weird, but I don't know. It was my first thought. The lamp from Aladdin that the genie comes outta. Does it have a genie in it? Does it? Oh my god. Jesus Christ. What the fuck? What's that? Oh, The lamp is This lamp literally started Freaking out.


Lamp. Lamp. I mean, the genie likes it when you rub his lamp and you know the correlation there is kind of obvious. Who doesn't wanna rub their lamp? Is there a genie in it? Yes. Oh, okay. Well then, yeah. Fuck I'm, but Did you ask if there's a cheating in my penis? You haven't yet. I don't want to know that. That is between you and you and the genie and your penis. If there is one, you could Speak. I wish he cared. You Could speak. What's happening down there? I was rubbing the magic lamp. Can you use one of your wishes on that? Oh, I have a lot of wishes. You can actually wish for more wishes. Sometimes that's against The rules. Everyone knows that. Well, if the lamp mark's getting, yeah, but he, that's what you know, He's giving you inferior lamps. Mark. It's okay. I'll take the Aladdin lamp.


It does. Nah, I'm taking it. I kind of feel like this was set up to where no matter what I lose, either I lost or my penis lost. Isn't that what a gambit is? That's, isn't that a gambit? I Don't know. I think of the guy in with the cards from X-Men. But Also you won. Yeah, But at what cost? Yeah. You have to admit that your penis is not as cool as Aladdin's lamp. That's true. You're right. All right. Anyway, so that brings us to a close. Congratulations guys. Ah, I want to, I don't know if I want see fan art of this, but You will. To recap, going from bottom up, I have a power pole from my left leg. The surgery ran long.


Insurance, decided to cancel the claim halfway through. So I have a power pole from my left leg. Right. Leg and feet are normal. My right nut is a quasi supernatural card nut. I've got an Aladdin lamp penis. I've got exabytes of storage in my tum tum. I've got Doni harks arc reactor. My left arm is a man multi mandolin. My nose is a super nose elephant style. Inside my eyes are lenses that was split between the two of you. And then I have a Wolverine head with Adamantium skull. So we didn't get to what ears, Hair, ears. I forgot to put on here. So ears were never even in the question.


Lips or mouth? Chest. Right arm left nut. Right Leg and feet were not upgraded. Am I still me after replacing all these pieces, Why don't you ask your penis genie? That's A good, I bet he knows you better than anyone else will. He Never had a friend hug. You're trying to sleep and you just hear coming from your pants. It's like, like, shut up A little column A and just fruit starts shooting out. It's never happens. I'm so, I I didn't wish for you. My thighs rubbed the lamp. That's where you're at.


Mark goes for a dramatic dive on the racketball court and Genie comes erupting out of his shorts. No, man, can you tell Totally up the points, Wade, do you got an oblivion point? You lost the point for lying. 'cause you don't have a car. Pedantic point. You got a point for being blown apart by every body part, which is just poetry. The point for don't eat ash. You got the nose, the heart, the stomach, the penis, and my left leg. Bob, you got a nice point. You got a point for being sick. You got a point for a fridge update. Bonus point for quasi supernatural nut. And also you got that point because I thought that it was funny and I just happened to write that point before I knew it was gonna be yours.


You got the mandolin cooking arm and Wolverine head. Someone's outside the window, someone's outside the window and someone's outside The window. In a funny way or in a breaking in way. Where's my penis Now? That's funny. The winner of today's sips with eight points to seven points. And I was giving points out willy-nilly weigh all I, oh, I actually made the com. I knew I was behind You. Got you picked like all of his body parts mean you were behind. Well, No, I was behind the beginning because you at the fridge point and I lost a point. So I was at least like two points down to begin with. So I was, I do, I was confused. I thought you got a point for lying. I didn't realize you lost a point. So it actually was a little closer than I thought.


It's not a subtraction. You're right. I thought you lost a point. No, I when you said that, you were like, I'm gonna give you a point for lying. I was like, damn. I Thought in my head I was like, take away point. No, I Thought I lost a point too. But you know, I'm not gonna argue with what the paper says. Okay. So it was not as close as I, it was as not close as I thought. Because That took away a point that you had before. Now that doesn't wait. Did I just lose a point or am I still at eight? Did he just gain two points or one point? You have 10 points now. Somehow I feel like no matter how we get there, the summary is weight. Weight win somehow. All right Wade, You win by 10 points instead of eight. I don't know how that happened. Do I throw a flag and challenge my own points as a win winner?


I mean, literally he's right. I did not write a subtraction. I wrote one and I called it lying point. That's the way it goes. That's the game. Hey, listen, I think what we learned today is I clearly have Mark's best interests at heart. I need to learn more specific things, but I like being, I like knowing a little about a lot and not a lot about a little. Therefore, I'll stay ignorant. I won't learn a thing from this. Thank you. Clerical errors. You're welcome. Bob, what do you feel about this loss? I feel like I threw out some interesting options. I think you, I think you were drawn in by a little bit of aggressive pandering. I don't blame you 'cause it is your body and you should have it to do the way that you want.


But I I, I feel good about the, the creativity that I brought to the, to the battle today. And I think some people out there are gonna be really into some of the ideas I had. So I feel like a winner, even though I am a objectively a loser. Congratulations. That's what really matters. I'm glad neither of you commented on my hands. I haven't seen this drawing yet. It's a lot of parts. Is that how your hands actually look? Were you in some kind of horrific hand accident Editor? Make this fucked up. I want someone to just like one of them to walk into your office and just brace your Hand. Yeah, just with like a hammer. It's just like, oh yeah, okay. This is what You want. And bark.


Well, thank you guys for participating and upgrading me. I feel a lot better and I am still me, even though I have all these upgrades. Thank you everybody so much for listening on how to improve me. I'm glad you all know what my penis is going to look like. That is wonderful. I'm so glad. Have A good day everyone. If you don't subscribe to the Podcast, we're gonna come After you and chase you. I'm not very fast. Don't be don't be scared. We'll Never catch you. But like, we're just gonna join the Chase merch somewhere. Find it if you can. They never, they never catch onto your clues, mark. They never do podcast stuff.