
This episode is brought to you by Indiana Jones. In the great circle, uncover one of history's greatest mysteries in Indiana Jones. In the Great Circle, a first person single player video game set between Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Last Crusade. The Year is 1937. Sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power and only one person can stop them. Indiana Jones. Do I enjoy Indiana Jones? I may have done a cosplay of me in a refrigerator surviving a nuclear bomb. Yes I do. Adventure calls Indiana Jones in the Great Circle out now on Xbox series X and S Game pass and PC rated T for teen copyright and trademark. 2024 Lucas Film Limited. All rights reserved.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This bumper episode Buoyant Bob Blas Hollywood claims. His Godhead then demands Donative from the dunes wake wheeled Wade gets reflux from a bad reflex enacts poo poo offers pumping Bob br houses and bad clouds. Mercenary Mark wants a wick shtick, bags an eagle and gifts, eternal earnings, farm yard flyers and everything from trigger discipline to Zar. Yeah. Yes, it's time for Merry Christmas Bob.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hello and welcome back to another episode of your favorite show in the entire universe, including all television, movies and other forms of media. It's even your favorite video game. Think about it like an interactive point and click adventure that you don't interact with ever. This is Distractible. I'm your host for today. Bob joined as usual by my competitors for today, Wade and Mark. My plan to sabotage Wade to start it early Weight just starts keeling over like, Hey, how Are you? Is that that sincere? You just actually, Oh yeah man, I don't know.


I just like went to talk in like an air bubble or a water bubble or a bubble of some kind was just like Mark's a voice point. Thank You. Thank you very much. Starting Off strong like I usually do, This is the show where I'm the host and I give out points and then someone wins and then they're the host on the next one and nobody cares. I haven't hosted in a minute. You guys were sort of passing it back and forth there. It feels good to be back on the reins. You know it's good to be the in the sleigh of power driving you my faithful reindeer to the holiday of my delight. Go on. I love where this is going. We got a real chimney thing going on right now. Sorry guys. Anyway, we at small talk, we usually start with small talk. How's everybody doing? Guns?


You All right? You good? Yeah. Flashbacks or something? Sorry, I just thought it would burst out. I couldn't stop myself. Guns, is that it? You got anything else to Yeah, Wade's got guns. Small talk. Go for it. Oh man. Well I've been shotgunning some Christmas treats because boy oh boy, we've had so many different kinds and we found, I, I forget what if it linor, whatever the brand is. They've got like the little ball chocolate, but they've got like the Lint truffles. Well they've got like a a a bark, like the peppermint bark style of like little linor ball. I think it's a linor ball, but it's like a cookie almost in, dude, it's so good. Telling Me that you just for the first time in life discovered the Lindor peppermint truffles.


Probably, yes. 'cause well usually just like we either, I'm gonna give you a sad point. A breaking sad, I remember that Reference. I'm gonna take away that point immediately for breaking Sad Man. I'm off to a great start anyway, this time of year is very dangerous. A lot of sugary treats and I am devouring all of them. I've had some rough nights, not gonna lie for the amount of sugar I've been pounding. I can't handle it like I used to. I'm getting older. Well you get like acid from that. I've never, I'm diabetic, so sugar like actively kills me. I've got bad acid reflux and sugar and like acidy foods are really bad for me. Like pretty much anything's bad for me to eat late at night. But like sugar and things like pizza, pizza for example. The absolute worst thing I can eat if I eat pizza after like 8:00 PM even if I don't go to bed till 4:00 AM I'm laying down with acid reflux and that's the genetic inheritance.


I got acid reflux from my dad. He had it really bad too, so that's Crazy. I feel like I always saw commercials about acid reflux medicines and stuff where they're like, oh, don't eat pizza. Oh don't eat spaghetti and meatballs. I'm like, what kind of pizza are you guys eating? It's, I'm just lucky I guess I got my own special kind of health problems. I lay down and it's just like immediately I feel my entire esophagus just burning like the burp start coming and it's just pain. Know they make medicines for that. You take anything, take a little Pepcid or something. I should I, I need to talk. I need to talk to my doctor about my acid reflux. Wait, you literally do you, do you take tums or something or you literally don't do a thing about, you just get acid and you're like, oh man, I wish you could do something about this.


No couple things you can do. Tums are supposed to be really bad for you. So I try to take them very sparingly. But if I prop myself up to where I'm kind of laying with my head at least and body at like a bit of an angle, it doesn't come up as bad. It's like the flatter I lay the more the acid just comes pouring outta my stomach and outta my ears. Hate it. Acid reflux sucks. Candy and sugary treats love but they don't, they don't play nice together. It Sounds like a we're getting older kind of issue. I am. Oh, we all are. Don't worry about it. I'm Not. I'm actually starting to Benjamin button backwards. It's a very concerning affliction. It's a little early for that turnaround. I wanna pushed it a little later. Yeah, I thought, well it wasn't a choice, it just kind of happened. So I thought that I would've a few more years before I would start Benjamin buttoning, but it starting early and so that means I will be reverting back.


Did you have a kid we don't know about and you're like having blood transfusions every day with I wish God if only, oh, if only in other news. I'll say it, I'll say it. I'm gonna be taking a course, a handgun safety course. I wanna work up to that same course that you see Keanu Reeves going for when he is training for the John Wick movies. I want to get skilled enough to be able to do the thing where he is got a pistol and a shotgun around his back and he is playing bam, bam, bam. I want, if I go up to them and I say like, I want the John Wick course, do you think that they would look at me and take me seriously? No, I think they'll say, well do you want the first one? Do you want the one with Halle Berry and the two puppies or do you want the stairs? We have three courses.


The stairs specifically. I'll Say the the stair fight in John Wick four. I liked John Wick four, but I did feel like some of those Is that the fourth One? Yeah, the fourth one. Yeah. Wasn't it? Oh wow, okay. Oh yeah, he fell down the stairs for a very long time. I know that. I just didn't know there were, I thought that was the third one. I didn't know there were four. There are four Anyway, yeah, the stairs is nuts. The stairs scene is nuts. The stair sequence went on just as long as it needed to. Just for that joke of him Just falling on the LinkedIn. God's so funny. But it was like an hour three of that movie, or if it wasn't three hours long, it was really laid into it. It Was like a real time scene, right? Like there's like a timer or something and like you could see the real time timer going down as this whole gun, if I remember right. It's really cool. It Was. It was very cool. I can believe it's a starter course.


Good luck. It's a starter course you have to, in order to get onto the next one, you have to fall down the stairs like the entirety of the way. If you don't make it all the way down, you gotta do it again. What are You a slinky? I'm about to be So one at the top pushes you, you only make it half wet and they're like, TA Dude, I was so upset. This is a weird side tangent. What was it? Ace Ventura. Whenever like they go to find him and he's like, he does the slinky on like the temple steps And it goes down like 5,000 steps, but it stops on the very last one before hitting the bottom. That like something in me needed it to complete its course. That's, that's bothered me since that movie came out in 1995 or whatever. I'm from Ohio. My dad, he actually built muzzle loaders.


So I unlike these assholes who aren't from Ohio who are immigrants to Ohio, dude, I'll eat, I'll eat the pets. I Ohio Is, but that's not supposed to be immigrants too. Damnit. Nevermind. I wouldn't eat pets. I'm Ohioan. I'll forever associate that with Ohio. I think you're right. I think that's where they said they were for better or for worse. So I had some familiarity. I think my dad let me shoot a Desert Eagle when I was like 11 or something like that. Way too early. It flew out of my hands. Did You like fly around the whole place? Jesus Christ. It was Gone. I don't know why he let me do that, but I wanna take a course again because it's been a very long time since I have been around any kind of gun and if I ever do any kind of action movie in the future, even with prop guns, I want to know like proper safety protocol, stuff like that.


And it's just good familiarity. If you're in America, you probably should know. Even if you don't wanna own one, you should probably know how they work, how to be safe around them and how to operate them and disarm them, put 'em on safety, on empty it. Make sure it's empty, you know, so that there's, you don't, if you just pull the magazine out, it doesn't mean to Understand how chambering rounds works and doesn't work. Yeah, They are more common than jobs that have benefits. Sad Man. Wait, with the zingers today, I'm, I'm, I thought I'd be killing it with the points, but I'm apparent that I've been losing more than making man Anyway, so I want to, I want to take the courses and there's like a a, it's a fun thing to do also, I think, I think I don't think that, you know, many people would disagree that going around to a shooting range and just like back target practice, that's, that's not bad.


Even if it's like a, an airsoft one if you wanted to do that or an air gun or something like that. No, it, it is definitely a fun activity. I've done a a little bit of ins, indoor range and I've done trap shooting once. Trap shooting was my favorite. Just go walk around. It's like golfing. You walk around and you go thing the thing and the throw the discs in the air and I thought it would be insanely hard shooting a, shooting a disc outta the air like that. It's actually more intuitive than it's, than it you might guess. Like I got better really quickly and I, I missed a lot of shots still. But like you can have a really satisfying time and like hit some really fun shots even if you've never done it before, just like eh, point and shoot kind of thing. Like you can learn it's very fun. Maybe you're just really good at it. Maybe you're just really good and handsome at it.


I know what you're doing and I like it. Anyway, so that's, that's what I'm gonna be doing soon. And there's someone else that's gonna be joining me, but I won't tell them in case they don't want to anyone to know for some reason or another. Thanks, I appreciate that. I appreciate that. This is, it's like a tattoo. This is where it all begins. I become a gun nut real soon after this. So everyone get ready for that transition. That's Actually your next type of fixation. Mark is on the podcast like, okay, there's this really rare wait, you can't do that. No, you guys can't do that. Don't mail me guns. Wait a minute. That's that's, that's a felony. Wait, hang on. Yeah. Is there anyone in this obscure country that can run guns? For me, I'm looking for the 2024 Highlander Python.


I don't know God names Highlander, Python, I dunno man, I'm really more of a Highlander Cobra ultimate kind of guy. But you know python's, for some people it's Nerf four, nothing. God, if Nerf actually comes out and makes a real gun but it still looks like one of their Nerf guns. Oh Man, there's That. Or it just shoots the foam dart so fast. It's actually lethal. What I want to do actually, and not to continue the small talk, but what I want to do someday is I want, I know some people are probably trying to do this, but I wanna find out how to make a better prop gun.


Not a blank firing gun, but one that's looks realistic but it's slightly more than like an airsoft pistol, which is effective. Like you'll get the blowback, but I wanna see if there's a way to have it do the blowback but also like emit light. Like the light is key in terms of like visual effects because you almost always have to add that in. But if the gun had like a very powerful light in the front that actually flashed really bright, that would be super cool. I bet I could figure out how to make that that. But then the FBI would come knocking on my door because I'd be making in my backyard things that look very convincingly like a weapon Mark in his garage filled with servers and glauber salts hunched over a 3D printer. Just like This is The one, the FBI walks in and Mark turns around with this weird prototype.


Like what? No, it's not real. Look how real it is though. Look how real it looks. Bang bang. Yeah, that'd be good. That'd be, that'd probably be fine. They would think that one's really funny. I bet. I Bet, I bet. Anyway, I think I can figure something out there. I would love to try just because it does seem like a very, very useful thing because you, we've heard about like cases on movie sets where people get hurt and killed by using the kind of weapons that use blanks, which are just real guns. They just happen to have a different bullet in 'em. It's just like there's a, there's a No I I think that's wild. I know nothing about the industry, but I've always thought, I mean it's tragic when that has happened.


I thought it was completely insane that if you're making a movie or a TV show a fake thing that no one is like, ah, that movie didn't have real guns in it. Yeah, unwatchable. Like why would you have fucking real guns around for any reason? Whoever's in charge of safety and whatever things can go wrong aside that just doesn't seem worth it. Like I get that it's, you ought to be authentic and whatever. There's just no way that it's worth the risk of having an actual gun for if someone happened to bring in their own bullet for whatever their reasons might be or like all kinds of crazy shit can and has happened. It's just so dangerous. Even firing blanks is incredibly dangerous 'cause they're not, it's not like a puff of air.


It's like a thing that can still hurt and kill and do all kinds of damage to people and things. It's crazy. I'm all for authenticity and movie and acting and stuff. But that one is like the risk to reward on that is too steep. Seems like it shouldn't even be close. But people still do it clearly. Like I Have some ideas, I have some ideas. Can't wait for this. This can only end well, I think I can make a better gun. You know, It'll be a lot harder to make a, in the hospital video from prison. You can't really do like a guys, I'm in prison Anyway. That's my update. I'll be taking it. I don't know when, but soon-ish because California rules are very strict. Lemme know which Keanu course you get. It's, it's a roll of the dice.


I really don't know. God, the stairs again. Ah, go back next week please, please. Ah, Stairs. You roll a D 20 to see what course you get. That's a weird, weirdly luck based educational system they have over there in California. It's crazy. Do you Get like, is it like a permit? Like if you are able to like, like what do, what do you get from a training course that would help in like a movie scene? It's just, yeah, it's just skill building. You go there to practice and they have like a, what's called like a tactical course where it's, they have, it's not just you stand and you shoot at a target. It's, you are moving through a space to like, it's, it's kind of like not quite but SWAT tactics where you know how to cover properly. Yeah. And so this brings realism into projects where you, if you are, if you're fumbling around and you are just playing action, actual people that know how to do that stuff and military guys would know that it's completely fake And it would probably not come across realistically.


So that's Fair. I just, you would think like there would be some kind of certification or something that's like when you're like, let's say you're trying to hire someone who can really make the like sell this as like an extra or something. Like having like, oh they've been through 10 of these courses versus two. Like you'd think there'd be something for tracking that they Could probably put it on their resume. I'm sure. Yeah, I think probably they would just write down on their resume has been through 10 courses. Ah, but they got stairs every time. Yeah, You don't put that part, you leave out that you kept drawing stairs. Does this scene involve any stairs falling or no? No. This is sort of taking over this complex. You're, you're entering a warehouse. Are you familiar like ah, are you sure there can't be stairs? Or maybe the warehouse is downstairs from outside.


I Got one hand on the wheel Car drive permit. Do you need a permit for? I do that all the time. Is that a Illegal Oh no, it was like the other hand's shooting with one hand on the wheel. Oh I thought it was just, you know, you're just really, really cool. Like way back. No it was still, it was still like poo P poop. You know gun guns make poo. PPI love that suit. Todd Wick Poo. PPPP. You spin around Berlin. PPPI Love Terminator two when he went hostile Vista baby P can't even pew properly. Anyway, that's all I got. I think I did small talk. I don't remember. I gave you a point for being sad and something about acid reflux. Oh cookies. I talked about the cookies man, this time of year He was shotgunning Christmas streets.


That's what it was. Yeah. My new movie Breaking Shad. Well, I'm sorry, wait, what was that? Breaking Shad. Let's just move on. No, I wanna make sure I spell it right. What was that word? Breaking You know, shotgun. S-H-A-D-I swear mom, it's not a breaking fat. Oh, I'm gonna let that one slide because I'd like this to get to stay competitive. I'm just try and slide some extra points your way, Wade. You're gonna have to really cool it down with those, with those word jokes though. I'm breaking glass. Sorry, I didn't hear that. And I'm not gonna listen to you for a minute. I have a game. I like making games and I have games. When I host episodes in today's game, it spawned from one idea.


I think everyone can agree with this. I am awesome as an awesome person. I deserve presents. It's the time of year when people might give presents to other people perhaps for Christmas or Hanukkah or other whatever, holidays. It's that time of year. Maybe it, James's birthday was, was this past week and you know, Mandy's birthday is on Christmas Eve. That's never caused any problems before. You know, it's just a, just a good present time since everyone agrees that that's just true. I made up a game where you guys are going to be competing to get me the best presence. But there's some rules and some structure.


'cause you know how I always have to make it overly complicated so that it's less fun. There are rounds, each round has a theme and a budget. The themes I think are interesting. We'll see if that holds true. The budget increases quite dramatically. The final budget is a million dollars. Anything. I mean not anything. There are certainly things that cost more than a million dollars, but basically anything goes, but that isn't until the last round. We're starting with literally anything you could Google. You can imagine things as long as you can argue to me that the price is accurate. I will allow whatever you want. Things that don't exist, whatever. But your budget for this first round is $10.


So we're getting you a present. Yeah, well don't I deserve it? Yes you do. You do. Absolutely. Of course you do. But I'm just, I'm just trying to confirm we're not giving it to anyone else. Yeah, This is for me. So, so you can pander, you can, you can play to the things that you know about me. You can use any piece of information. Could even cheap. Who knows? You guys know I like to make up rules and then ignore them completely. But I just given how awesome of a friend I am and how well you, my two best friends in the world know me. I want you to pick, pick me any present in the world as long as it costs $10 or less. I've got you. Well what Mark thinks No, I already got it. I already got it. All right. I'll let you sort out. Who's about to start talking. I have To fill out a security questionnaire.


Hold on. All right. Wade wins. Wade wins. I'm Gonna give you a $10 investment and a pump and dump crypto scheme. That's going to be worth so much more money in like two days. Is this $10 of gifted tokens that I got from the person who's doing the scheme? Or is this Yeah, this is like early buyers. You're like on the end. Okay, So I'm in, I'm in the rug pool. I'm PrepU, I'm gonna be in the rug pool. Pool. Pool of pull pool, pool. I like that. That's good. That's thoughtful about me. It's not thoughtful about anyone else. This Isn't about them. It's about you. I appreciate that. How big is this pool? Is this like a hawk tool pool, like a meme coin sort of pool? Or is this bigger than that? Smaller than that. How many, oh this Is like theme park pool.


This is big pool A All Right. Big pool. Big pool. Big pool of money. Big pool of rug. Alright Mark, what do you have The gift that just doesn't stop giving. I'm gonna give you something that not only is incredibly reviewed, 4.8 stars with 3,295 people reviewing it. But also it's gonna be so useful to your everyday life. I'm gonna get you a 10,000 milliamp hour Temu battery bank. It is so good that it sold 20,000 of them. It's the number four bestseller and lemme tell you it's $7 and 47 cents. So you know it's quality. It'll keep you guessing every day of the week when, when it's gonna blow.


It'll just, you know how much lithium costs this thing definitely, definitely is worth every penny that it is. And probably more, it probably should be a lot more, But guaranteed to not go through a TSA precheck. TEMU stands for quality and this is gonna be the most quality power you've ever had in your life. I like that. I appreciate that. That's, that's a gift that's useful and exciting 'cause it's dangerous. And if you think that you've worn out your luck, you can re-gift it to give someone else the bad. Who doesn't love hot Potato? It's a, it's a family game every night. One person in the house is not allowed to plug their phone into the wall.


They get to use old Team U battery pack. And if they survive the night, maybe the next day they'll have better luck with the wall plug. Who knows? I liked that both of your suggestions could hurt people. Marx is a little bit more mortal danger. Weights is a little bit more, oh, just financial, I guess really. Maybe emotional damage. Yeah, just Money. Pick yourself up by the bootstraps and rebuild. If I take all of your cash and run, I have to say I didn't think I'd be able to get such an adrenaline rush at such a low budget. I'm gonna have to go with Wades. Marx could kill one person. Wades is going to make thousands of idiots sad and poor.


Sit on this rug. Bob, I'll take you on a magic carpet ride. Would never have thought of crypto rug pull. What a creative idea. Hey, $10 gets you five early tokens or whatever. If You want a creative gift for your loved ones, think about a crypto rug pull. Well, a sex one might be tough. Honestly. I think this might be the toughest category. The budget's $50 and I would like you to get me a gift in the category of books. It does not strictly have to be a book necessarily. There are like book accessories or book themed things, but books is your category in general. 50 smackers 50, 50 10 Crypto rug. No, that's not how math worked. Five crypto rug poles if you will.


Books Or book related. Book adjacent. Yeah, I, I'll accept book adjacent. There are things that would fall into that category. All right, I got, I got something. I'm still looking, I don't wanna give any hints either, but I do just wanna throw it out there that if you don't know, I'm not a big book reader. Not a, not a book, not a huge book fan. So this one might be tough. But wait, do you have something? What do you have? I found on Amazon the Sun Marie six tier tree bookshelf. It's kind of like, it's a square base cabinet with like one shelf and then there's the top like some flat space on the edge, but then there's like crisscrosses going up. It looks like there's like 1, 2, 3, four-ish crisscross type things that you can store books and stuff on.


And it's only 39 bucks. So there's $10 to spare to either get you one book to put on your tree or decorations to put on there. 'cause the nice thing is even if you're not a book reader, sometimes bookshelves just make you look elegant and like smarter than we actually are. You can have this in there. People are like, oh this guy's got some taste. Look at this bookshelf. He's got some books on there and you don't ever ever have to fucking open 'em. 'cause like who gives a shit? Yeah, it's like a decoration. If you have the right books, it sends the right message to the, to the people in your house. Yeah, it's wood. It looks nice. There's four different color options. You get the four tier or the six tier, Is it, is the four tier $39 or is the six tier $39. So right now it's on sale and the sixth tier was on sale for 39.99.


It's normally 49.99. The four tier is actually 29.99. I think the different colors come on with the different prices as well. But no, actually those aren't changing it either. Interesting. Oh, white is more expensive right now. The brown, which the nice wood brown color. 39.99. I like that. It just, it allows me to give off the appearance of a much more learned person without having to actually worry about doing any of the learning myself. Yeah, in the image they've got a couple little baskets, some like coffee cups, a clock, a little plant. There's a shelf on the bottom. I think that those are really funny 'cause it's essentially a shelf where for the top two thirds of it, there's no flat surface. Right? Everything is like angled. So it's a shelf that's only a shelf. If you have shit that can be piled on itself, if you need like a regular, like if you have a plant that you wanna put on a shelf, this is not the shelf for you Unless you're really bold with how you plant.


I mean, I do think it would be cool if a company made like triangular plant vessels. So you could put like a, a plant in the bottom of one of the, the Veep. Oh, that'd be I, that's unrelated. Just, just thinking. I'm Sure you could like pottery up or get like a custom like play thing made that would fit there. Yeah. You know how I love to make pottery. I Mean I made an ash tray in like first grade for my mom, which I don't think you could get away with in school nowadays, but it was out of like a leaf imprint. It was actually an ashtray on purpose. Yeah, well I was a kid and I was like, what would my mom like an ashtray? And my teacher was like, that's fine. Different times probably than now. Yeah. Kind Of different times. Mark. I've got the gift that once again keeps on giving as I want to do.


I want gifts that take you to the next level to take you above and beyond what you could even possibly dream this gift would get you to. Everyone knows that the world of self-published books filled with AI slop just cranked out, churned out ai nonsense. Which means the people quote unquote, that are writing these books are gonna sell the options to make them into movies for pennies on the dollar. I'm gonna go out there and I'm gonna find you as many books as I can that you'll own the rights to perpetuate into any form of medium that you want at $50 a value. I don't know how many books that is, but I will get you the best deal. So that one of those slop filled books is Yours Forever In perpetuity Throughout the entirety of the universe to make into whatever you want.


Damn, I like that. I, I assume within our lifetimes before I die, it will invent a way to preserve human consciousness basically into infinity. So the concept of getting a gift that I would own forever and since I'll live forever, that really, that's something that's interesting. Perpetuity. Perpetuity is a hell of a thing throughout The universe. You know what they say about perpetuity? You wanna make sure you're in that. Yep. That's a little lawyer joke right there. The lawyers in the audience will get that. I I got it. It just breaking. Glad better Said it again. Am I gonna have to No, No, no, no, no. Go on. Which one did you like better?


Which gift? Look, the bookshelf is way more tangible but own a thing forever. I just can't let that go. That's just such an opportunity. Yeah, I'm gonna have to go with movie rights in perpetuity. Yeah, Exactly. I don't know how to spell perpetuity. That's tricky. Mark, you gave such a hard word to spell. I thought you went to law school minus 10 points. I went to law school, but I usually type things. You know, lawyers use a use spell check on computers. I never had to learn how to Get one of those spell check and pens. Dude, If that existed, that, that will never exist. Actually, sorry that I lost me at the first sentence there. That that won't exist. Imagine though, if you invented that the be hell of a thing, It learns your writing process and then you're like, write this and it's just like, like a little unicycle pen.


It's like a two dimensional printing device. I don't know. I was thinking anyone invited that invented that before. All right, round three. The the category is clothing. The budget is a thousand dollars. Continue. We're we're scaling up here, but we're gonna climb up all the way. I mean, you know, socks is fine and I'm not going to say that that couldn't win, but there's a lot of clothing options in the world that you could get for a thousand dollars. Maybe not like Supreme drop stuff, but that's Yeah, that's, I've got it done. Alright, Done. Tell me, I went A little over budget but you're worth it. Okay, because what I got you was the most expensive pair of underwear in the world.


That's what I was looking at you. $1,400 pair of underwear from pure cashmere embroidered with Gold Thread. And again, if 1400 is a little over budget, but I think it's within the a thousand dollars category. If you're gonna tell me I'm worth it then I definitely fix it though. You are Worth it. You are worth it. And my Google fingers are that fast. Ooh, findable. I've never owned a pair of underwear. That was expensive. It's an interesting concept. Is, is the thread like gold metal that's been just pulled into a thread? Or is it like thread That's gold. Yes, it's 24 karat gold coated. Ooh, because you're in Cincinnati. You know what the emblem is flying pig.


Oh well I don't know if I want a flying pig on my butt. Is it on the front or the back? It's A cow flying cow Looks like a cow too. Is It, is it on the inside of the band or is it on like the It's on The leg. Oh, Okay. Oh, It wasn't there. Well I was just joking. No, I'm not, I'm not dinging you. I'm not saying that I'm dinging you. I just, I I I am sensitive about you remember how I was a pig in that game that we played and I felt like the game was judging me because I didn't realize that I picked which character I was. Oh, Liar's Bar. That's the one I wasn't gonna name drop. I got a lot more characters now. I Heard that. I heard one of them's real hot and still an animal. So everyone's confused. There's a pair of 'em. I Think wage just stalling 'cause he's never gonna compete with the world's most expensive pair of underwear.


I've Got something here. Okay, may I introduce you to the Balenciaga sock sneaker? I don't know. May you wait that you did the right one. Thank you. How, what's the percentages on that? 50% sock? 50% sneaker or Oh, I looking at it, it looks more like 90% sock. 10% sneaker. You've had your turn. High five. There you go. Mark, what would you like to say? I just wanna say I know what shoe he's talking about. I had a similar shoe to this.


It is the shoe that I broke my foot in. Ooh, just gonna throw that out there because it doesn't have any ankle support. It is just a sock rolled really easy. Likes to slip and slide around inside there. Snapped my fifth metatarsal like a chicken bone. I, you know how foot injuries make me clench? My whole body is is fully cringing right now. I don't like that. Couple things about this one. This is a guy whose ankle can do a full 360. So it's already a little unstable. I'd Say that speaks to the strengths, not the instability. Two can always regift to someone you don't like. If you think it's dangerous. Wait, I have a gift For you.


Yeah. What's up man? What you got? It's a candle. Oh thanks. I like candle. They smell good. Yeah, This one doesn't mess the joke. Oh, I will say Balenciaga is one of those brands that I now know is a real thing, but for a long time I thought it was fake. 'cause it's such a goofy sounding brand name and all the stuff that I ever heard about Balenciaga making. I was always like, that sounds kinda like a meme. I can't tell if this is like from a TV show, I'm just unaware of. But But that's a snazzy brand. And may I add It's within budget. Oh Yeah. Wait, what's the actual price on those? 9 75? Wow. Right in there. Marx is pretty substantially over budget. Almost 50% over budget. Well, not quite. Fif 40 is way different than 50%.


Given that that's how highly he thinks of me, that I'm worth that much. I'd like to pick that, but I'm gonna have to go with weights. Mark, your gift was very flattering and I would honestly rather have it, but weight did stick To the budget. Hey man, I appreciate it. Enjoy your new socks. Shoes. Break a leg. Don't stop, don't put that on me.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well, you know, Rocket Money. It will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, We'd started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just Me there. This is con confusing. Look, Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E TM ONE y.com/dst A CT IBLE Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible.


Round four. Your theme is home decor, which could be interpreted very broadly and your budget is $20,000. It's a lot of home decor you can get for 20,000 bucks. I know exactly what you need without even looking anything up because I've looked this up before and I've debated it heavily for my own purposes. Oh, I like this, I like that. I like this is going, They make a 105 inch ole TV that is at the ludicrous price of $19,000 the last time that I saw it. But it is, it is right there. And when it comes to home decor, ole is the top display technology.


The deepest blacks the best color accuracy. It is so huge. It's gonna make your eyes go in different directions. 105 inches, 105 inches. It is gigantic. It is beautiful. It comes with a five year warranty. You're gonna need to get a custom wall mount for this. But with the thousand dollars that it's under budget, I think you can get it. Plus installation. That's an interesting choice. That's very compelling. I like that. Now I'm Gonna look up soon, make sure I'm right. I'm sure you're right. I would in fact, check me on this. It's 110 inches. It's even Bigger.


Look, I gotta say, when we moved into this house, the the people we bought it from left their TVs and so we sort of just inherited 'cause they tv the TVs were like wall mounted and stuff. And they were just like, yeah, you can, we'll just leave them. The one in the, in the family room is an 80 inch tv. It's an 80 inch 4K oled. I've never owned a TV as big as that one is. And when I look at it, I'm literally like, oh my God, this is fucking huge. This is the biggest TV to think that the one you're talking about is 30 whole inches bigger than the one that I look at. And I'm like, this is comically large. It's gonna be a burden. I apologize in advance. I look the entire basement will become a shrine to the 110 inch OLED tv.


I don't even care. That's fine with me. What a centerpiece. You know, because I Thought about getting it, but there was a deal on a like a 90 something inch for like 4,000. And I was like, well let's see what this is. But I wish, I wish I had gone for the bigger one. Wade, you know what's more fun than watching TV is having your fortune presented to you. I introduce Zoltar, the fortune telling animated prop. Wait, You could get a zoltar for under $20,000. 16,000. In fact, Oh my god. Oh my god. I was gonna get you a large glass gingerbread house for exactly 20,000 that had no dimensions listed.


What? But it's just a large glass gingerbread house. Large enough to go inside of or like large. Look up the Waterford. W-A-T-E-R-F-O-R-D Waterford, large gingerbread house. 20 grand, no dimensions listed. No idea how big or small it is. Oh God, I don't think it's that big. It's not that big. It's not very big at All. Right. I'm seeing Waterford Crystal Gingerbread house for $156. Wait a minute, are you, are you, wait a second, Waterford large gingerbread house. I've got a skew number. 20 grand. I'm sure this website I'm on with all the popup ads is very trustworthy. Wait, Is it from Neiman Marcus? Is that the one? This is Home bellow.com because Neiman Marcus has it for 16 grand, 20% off right now.


Ah, this is full price, Baby. Oh, there's a, there's a picture of a man carrying it under his arm. So it is in fact not that big. This is why I went with Zoltar because of the gingerbread house was a bit ambiguous. Why is that $20,000 Don? No, but Zoltar is cheaper. He comes with it looks like a flute. Some cards, a feather Your fortune. What else do you need? And I assume I, I get the keys to the cabinet so I can turn it on free mode or whatever. Right? So you can just, Oh yeah, I mean, it's your cabinet. This will be yours. Zoltar. I'm gonna, I'm gonna raise an objection here because apparently he's overcharging you. I found a website that says you can get Zul tar fortune teller deluxe version with a wireless microphone added in breathing, added in a do a free play, no dollar bill, accepter and Wheels For $10,800.


He's pocketing the difference. I'm sorry. I just love the idea of like, like, oh yeah, we got a zoltar cabinet over in the corner. It's just in our, it's just sitting there. But he's just like, like does he always breathe like that? Yeah, that's a, that's a modern feature. They added that in. So it's like he's al he's always alive, you know, he is just waiting to talk to us. But he, he won't talk until you push the button, but Well, shit, if Mark found that I'll als I'll also throw in Chaco, the evil clown electric chair. I Picked Marks. What? What Chaco? The evil clown. What the, I don't want that energy anywhere near me.


Chaco the evil clown. Hey, $6,300 for Chaco. You get that And Zoltar. Wait, I don't, I don't like scary things. Well keep the fucking little kids away on Halloween, man. It's a decoration. I have a little kid. Keep him away. No, that's not allowed. I asked. Oh, I picked Mark's man. Chaco, you had me with Zoltar and you lost me with Chaco. The scary clown. You could have both. I don't want one of those. I don't want both. I don't want one at all. What about a, what about a Chair? A Zar machine and a metal folding chair?


All for under $20,000. Oh, that's interesting. Good round. Interesting choices. This should be wheelhouse. I don't think either of you is lacking any knowledge about this. And I feel like we've talked a lot about this. So you know what I'm into and when it comes to this, as long as you listen to me when I talk, when we do this, you'll have just a great idea of where to head on this one. The budget is $50,000. The category is tech gadgets. I already know what you need. I already know what you're Gonna wait. You know, just as much about technology as thus. Two, I know you're on the nail a level footing here. This could not possibly be construed as unfair to you. Good, mark, go ahead.


All right, so this is something that I think you would actually truly appreciate because it, it, it just is such a modern marvel of printing 3D printing and there's some people that would probably disagree with this particular pick more for like the, they, they probably feel like it's more expensive than it needs to be. But it's from Form Labs, right? So Form Labs is probably more the Apple-esque of you know, 3D printing. They have a very robust ecosystem but it's kind of locked in. They want you to buy their materials, they want you to buy a service contract. If the budget is $50,000 though and you want the best printing capability to make whatever you want, whenever you want it, I am getting you the entire package for the Fuse one plus SLS laser centering printer.


Ooh, it can't do metal. Metal is still like way, way above. But it does a very strong nylon composite. It has millimeter accuracy in terms of its tolerances. It is extremely, extremely precise and can make some incredibly strong pieces of material that will have minimal shrinkage. It's all containerized. So the powder, you don't have to worry about doing it all. It comes in that price is included. The sifting machine to filter it out. The curing machine, you take it from one to the other, it couldn't be easier even for beginners of printing to more advanced users. It comes with a service contract. So it will be serviced for five years plus.


And it's one of the ways that this kind of powder is dangerous if you don't have a robust system, it's an entirely closed system. You never expose yourself to powder even though you should use precautions obviously. But if you were to get a printing set up, this would be the one for 50 K. That's a hell of a thing. That is a piece of technology right there. It's Too practical. I'm probably gonna lose this one. Wade, what do you got? You look done. What do you Got? I know what you care about. More than 3D printing and that's $50,000 worth of gift cards to various companies that make phone cases. Phone cases. Because you go through more than $50,000 worth of those a month. I thought you were just gonna say I know it's better.


$50,000 in cold hard cash. That's a gift that keeps on giving. Whoa, whoa, whoa. It's a variety of gift cards to different companies that make phone cases. Do I get to pick the companies or is it just all companies? 'cause there are some that I definitely don't need gift cards to. Nope. Definitely a couple of those in case you change your mind. You never know. I will not Now. Pardon me. I don't know what that was. I'm sorry Grandpa. You're right. Ver Now that's the only The argument to stopper. I didn't even hear you say for now. At first I thought you were just making Ver now Just making my point.


You know what, mark, I, you said yours was too practical. You thought you were in trouble. I immediately agreed with you. 'cause yours is very practical. But I have to say I feel a little bit judged by Wade that he thinks I spend $50,000 a month on phone cases. Not anymore free for at least a month. Okay. Pick me. Choose me. Okay. Meredith, I am gonna have to go with the Form Labs printer. Can I use it? Yeah, you can borrow. I'll start Whatever you want man. No, it's, it comes with, it comes with a service contract. I assume that means it comes with like a supply of of powder and stuff, so Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll, I'll run prints for you. It comes with six months of me living with you. Oh hell Yeah. I would say the resin, but resin, you know, unless you have good ventilation that can get, that could get to you.


No, you get some really nasty fumes from that. I mean you get fumes from all 3D printing and, and centering you get, but the resin stuff is, can be really gross. I do know that. But the Form Labs does have a self-contained resin system for the new ones. So it's like the, it has like an ink jet like thing. The fact that it's all self-contained and that it's literally like you don't have to because with the powder ones, the sifting and the, and the resetting it every time is an important thing. You have to be very meticulous with. But that is super convenient. It's a little expensive for hobbyists but it is. I it is. But if money was no option And it could show up, I'd be like, well fuck yeah. All right, I'll take it. Well money was an object but the object was big enough for a form Labs, whatever model you said Or phone cases.


I gotta be honest, even if I bought the most outlandish phone cases that I've ever looked at, I don't know if I could spend $50,000 on phone cases. It would be fun to try. 'cause I could do everything. You Have a lifetime left to live man. You don't know how much they're gonna cost in like 20 years. I've bought a lot of phone cases and I don't think I've even approached five figures even remotely. I probably in my lifetime have already spent like over a thousand on phone cases. You've got more than half your life left to live. You know, you could very easily, I mean maybe the phone case market's about to blow up. Maybe there's about to be a bunch of stuff. Maybe I'm missing out. But I'm gonna go with the Form Labs printer on That.


And you missed out on Zar and this, This one, one of you knows a lot about this and one of you hosts a podcast about this topic. So you should be on pretty equal footing here. The budget is a hundred thousand dollars and I want you to get me sporting goods Mark as the host of a sports podcast. Sports podcast. I you, I was afraid you might have an advantage on this one, but I think Wade might be able to hang with you. Okay. So I've got a variety of things here. A hundred grand's a lot. You know, it's not, that's more than just getting you like a Jared, Goff jersey. I'm looking at memorabilia that you can display. I'm looking at like signed Barry Sanders, rookie cards.


I'm looking at like Joe Burrow, Warren Jerseys. 'cause you're Alliance guy, you're a Bengals guy. I think those are mainly your two teams. Yep. So I'm looking at different gear game, worn gear cards, memorabilia, helmets, shoes signed, ready to go to be displayed in your house to show that you are the fan of fans. How many pieces is a hundred thousand dollars? Is this like a jersey and a rookie card or is this like I could fill a whole haul away with all kinds of stuff. Sort of price range. I have no concept of how much that sort of stuff costs So far. It's looking like a hallway. Like I found, what is this A grade, I think this is a grade 10. Barry Sanders signed rookie card for 7,500.


But I mean there's cheaper, right? You go down to the eight and a half quality and it's 500 bucks, which is a lot. Yeah, I would assume that Barry Sanders card is probably pretty pricey for what it is. 'cause that's, Well I'm even thinking if you go quality, you know, nine and a half, 10, that's a couple grand. Few grand that adds up. A hundred grand is like you can have a display. No that'd be a pretty, you could have, you could have quite a few things, especially if you get some go for like maybe one high end and then get up more reasonable stuff just to have like a good collection. Yeah. And I'm assuming more recent players are probably slightly less expensive. Like Barry Sanders is kinda like a lion's legend. Like if I'm looking for Tom Brady's First Jersey Warn ever in a game, that's probably gonna be a lot of money. But like, you know, just a, he played football for 50 years so there's probably a jersey that's pretty cheap, but like That'd be a good one to show to Tyler.


He loves that guy. I have the thing for you. You know my themes man. The gift that keeps on giving. Alright. There's A store by the name of Play It again Sports. Now I haven't now I can't get one for sale ready to go. But the franchise fee for starting a play it again, sports is 90 to $105,000. What better way to get your foot in the door of sporting goods and have whatever you want at any time than play it again. Sports, which is where I sold my discus When I was done throwing.


We buy, sell and trade quality use sports and fitness gear. Oh, do you not know? Play it again Wade? Nope, I did not. Oh it's a, yeah, it's like a used, it's like a used athletic store. They have like lots of golf clubs, lots of baseball mitts and bats and softball stuff. Lots of like weightlifting stuff. They kind, it's kind of like if you took a full size like Dick's Sporting Goods and compressed it down to the size of like a Dollar General, but didn't get rid of any of the stuff that's in there. Just really pack shit in, stack things on each other. It's like, it's like a hoarder operates the store at most of these places, but then like most of the stuff in there is used. You can bring, like you can bring your stuff in and sell it to them and then they'll resell it.


Which is good. I, I bought a lot of stuff from Play it again when I was a kid. All my like soccer cleats, football cleats, all my gear. That would've been kind of stupidly expensive for me to buy and use for three years as a kid who was playing all these sports. I played. Oh, played again was a great place. So What is Mark getting you from here? An actual just whole store. He's getting me a play it again. Sports, literally those places are like rats, nests of sporting goods. It's, I like it. Dumbbells on shelves. Leaning over you. It's, I was At one recently because I was trying to get some golf clubs on the cheap, 'cause I'm getting, I've been getting into golf, but it's, golf clubs are fucking expensive. And I was like there and I got, I got the, you know, get that rumble and you're like, uhoh need a potty immediately.


And I just looked around and I was like, oh, I really need, I'll, I'll see if they have one. And I went and talked to the guy at the front and I was like, you have a bathroom? I didn't, it's like, oh yeah, at the back, Derek just go around, climb over the bucket of softballs and I literally had to like climb over some stuff, go into the back hallway, move some skis that were leaned up against the door to get into the bathroom. And I think in the bathroom there were like some buckets of baseballs or something like stacked up in there. 'cause it was like every corner of space we need the storage. I look at the website and the pictures of products you can see in the background. It's just hellscape clutter behind these pictures. And they tried to isolate 'em, like put 'em somewhere clean or take a picture.


No, I love it. I, I lagged play again is a very like childhood nostalgia thing for me. But the, the absolute cluster fuck is hard to even appreciate until you're actually inside one. Because really just some of them do feel like dangerous. Like I'm sure they're not. Oh man, that's such a good one. Mark, what was yours? Way not even remember. Damn man. The sign. Memorabilia. Trophies. Oh right, right. Playing cards and stuff. Yeah, that's what I, right. Playing cards and stuff. I really like marks and that's very nostalgic. But I think including all the rest of the price for what you'd have to do to actually get a store operational, you could probably look at it more like 250 to $350,000 in total. Which is I, I am into that. And that's interesting that the franchise fee is so affordable.


'cause when this podcast ends, I'm gonna need job or something. And I'm, right now I'm thinking about Fry Cook, maybe played against sports guy. But I think I'm gonna have to look with the sports collection. I think that's interesting. I think, wait, I've won again. I mean again is a little, is a little braggy but I think it's only the second time. Next category. This one is a narrow distinction. You with a budget of $250,000. I want adventure gear. This could be a vehicle. There are plenty of like overlanding, you know, custom truck type things or, or this could be an experience. I, how much does it cost?


Can you buy a mountain? You could buy land on a mountain. So you must be able to buy the whole mountain eventually. Anyway. Adventure. I'm looking for adventure. You know, I know that the best adventure you've ever been on in your life besides the adventure of fatherhood was the tour. So how can you relive that experience with a tour bus of your very own tour buses? New costs, $750,000. That's A little much. So That's not what I was going for. So I was looking for a used tour bus. I definitely found the exact tour bus that we went on tour on for $249,000.


I sure did. I found it so that you can relive the adventure of your life for the rest of your life. I'm gonna be honest, I happen to have a little bit of personal knowledge about this. And even if you maybe didn't find exactly what you were looking for, even though you totally did this could be accomplished in budget. I actually happen to watch a couple YouTube channels where they talk about this sort of thing. It would not be like a brand new one even remotely. But you could abso, the buses that we rode on on the tours were also not brand new as I recall them. So it would be an accurate experience. You could definitely accomplish that. The other half of what I was gonna suggest is we just rented a van, a conversion van to take up into this cabin And it was nice, it was a bit older, but the price of that is way under what it would be.


It's not cheap by any means, but it's 125 as opposed to two 50. So I was like one's way too under. But they're very cool. You could probably get a really decked out like Mercedes-Benz, A Mercedes Sprinter conversion thing. Yeah, yeah. That would probably be pushing the price up and it'd be maybe be a bit more practical. But you could definitely get something like that. But I was going for tour bus so I landed on that. So that's my pick. Yeah, I like that. I like that. That's good. That's accomplishable. Thank you. I believe it firmly in my plums. You Want adventure. And adventure could mean a lot of things. It could mean one big item or it could mean you want a multitude of adventures. So what if I get you some sorted scuba gear. 15 K, $1,200 wetsuit.


Alright, enough with the water. What if you want to go hiking, backpacking, adventuring. There's a $44,000 backpack. The Collibra X machine. 56 K-F-T-E-X. What if you wanna go into, I don't know, Chernobyl, how about a $6,000 hazmat suit? How about some $33,000 binoculars? How about all-terrain vehicle for $33,500. And you know what? Why not a cool 45 foot boat on the ocean while we're at it too. The 2015 blue water. A hundred k all totaling up to $240,000. What a random smattering of adventure. Any adventure you want, man. I've been trying to plan for it. That might be a couple gaps but that's pretty thorough.


I forgot shoes. I own shoes. But you got flippers. We got some flippers in Here. Ah, I'll just wear those on every adventure then I'll be prepared. Man, was I digging after I was like, oh that's enough gear. And I was like the total was like a hundred thousand. I was like I have 150,000 left. I gotta buy a a helicopter. I couldn't afford that. No. Helicopters are very expensive. Even a used crappy helicopter is crazy expensive. Interesting thing. I know a surprising amount about as well. Helicopters. Very expensive. I wanna pick weights. No Karen, I don't wanna talk to you right now. Okay. I'm not gonna pick Wades. No, no not you. Oh Okay. That wasn't directed. I thought you were talking to me. No, no, No. The boat website. Karen was trying really hard to sell me the boat. I wanna pick Wades.


The one and only problem that I see with it that I'm gonna say is, is, is disqualifying is I don't live close enough to the ocean to really enjoy a boat. I always think it's weird when people who live around the area that I live in in Ohio are pulling a boat on a trailer. 'cause I'm like where the fuck is there? Even around here? I don't want to go boat in the Ohio River Lake Cumberland's only three hours. Three hours. Yeah. Look, I love your idea but I live on land and you know what goes on land? When You go on vacation, you go to your boat But then you always have to go to the same vacation place. You don't have to. But then I'm not using the boat if I don't go to the boat. Well yeah but you're not using the hazmat suit if you don't go to an haz or this area.


But you got it. Are You wear the hazmat suit? What? That's your own thing. You're right. Your other gift is also a bad idea. Thank you. What I'm giving you adventure. Sounds like you're giving me a pile of crap. I gotta find storage places for tour Bus wins. Yay. You gotta pander more Mark. Really pandered. Didn't you Chew me out for pandering to Mark like two episodes Ago? Yeah, but didn't it still work? I was just mad because you were winning because you pandered better than I did. I'll do anything to win. I don't, I have no, no ethics whatsoever. I don't have an ethical bone in my body when it comes to this podcast specifically. Otherwise outside of this, I'm a very ethical, highly moral person. It's a $44,000 Backpack.


I don't know how it could possibly cost that much. Is it made of the bones of children? Why is it $44,000? It's a backpack you put on your back, right? Like straps and pockets and things. Collibra X machine. 56 KF slash TX G one three level carrier futuristic backpack. I feel like that's just a scam to separate rich people from their money who think they're buying a cool backpack. Oh it says not for sale in brackets here. Oh well and your whole thing's really falling apart here. I was gonna get it for you anyway. Yeah, well you, if you were gonna make that happen, I would appreciate that. But let's move on to the final category here. For a budget of $1 million.


Get me a luxury item. I haven't Mark, well Mark's really been thinking about what he's gonna get me for Christmas this year. I like where your head's at. Let me tell you what's the definition of luxury? Excess. Excess is what defines a luxury. Good. And you know what? You're gonna have excess of everything we just said because you're gonna get Two of all of it. That's right. You get two of whatever the hell else you picked besides the tour bus. You get two Len CIGAs, four Len ciga, socks, all that shit that we got you that other round.


Two of them. Just to be clear, I'm gonna get 210 inch TVs. Shit, you're gonna Get that. Two crypto scams. Yep. Oh yeah. Two form labs a fuse, one printers, two pairs of Balenciaga socks sneaks. Yep. Two hallways full of sports memorabilia, two tour buses. Interesting. A bold move. I see that. I see where you're coming from. Wade, you ready? You're getting a new hot tub full Of money. You're gonna scrooge me duck this shit. Because what's more luxurious than actually having a pool of money? Wait, What kind of money is it full of?


Is this like coins? Is this like bills? No, no, no, whatever. Whatever style of bill makes it look the fullest. Okay, so like singles. But that would be like a layer of hundreds on top to make it look like it's all big. I actually forgot something about mine is you wouldn't just get two. It's a fucking, it's a fucking like sales commercial. Like Just like you'll just get one extra because I forgot you would get three total of Everything you had before because it's an additional 1 million on top of everything else. Everything else prior to this cost 441,000 some odd dollars. You would get two more and still have a hundred thousand left over for another hot Tub.


I could still have my own playing against sports, all of that. And to play it against sports. I don't Know if all of those items qualify as luxury. I feel like they count as adventure. Other topic. It's not about the items. It's not about the items. You see a guy with three tour buses, come on, come On, come on. That's luxury. You didn't even know which tour bus you're taking on your adventures. You had to pick your tour bus. You Know what, I gotta concede the point he is, right? You see a guy with three tour buses, you're like man, why? Or One really good tour bus. That's not what he offered you man. I hate to tell you. Wait, so are you just actually conceding that point?


No, no. I'm offering you a pool of money. You co see The point about the tour bus thing was Luxury. Oh okay. You co see that point? That's good. Okay. Or he Conceded everything. I I, I did not concede everything. I know It kind of sounded like he was just conceding everything. But That's an argument of interpretation As much as I think that Mark's answer is the one I would like to pick. And the funniest wage is a little bit better at the actual category itself. Plus because hot tubs are not a very expensive thing in the scheme of a million dollars. I could basically do Wade's thing and then when I get sick of it then do Mark's thing because I could, I would just have like, I would have a million dollars minus like $30,000 for the hot tub and that would be a fancy ass hot tub.


Like you can get a hot tub for like six grand. I could probably fill the hot tub and still have like 700 grand to spare. 'cause I don't even know how many, how much money it takes to fill a hot tub. But it, it probably can't be a million dollars in singles. A a couple hundred thousand bills of paper probably fill a hot tub up pretty good. Yeah, probably. I pick Wades. I could have everything. Mark wanted to sell me the moon but Wade wanted to sell me everything. Cash money man. What? What's more luxurious than cash money? Credit card money. I don't know. Look, I understand that the burden of three tour buses isn't for everybody but you know some people are more accustomed to the luxury life.


Three Crypto scam rugby pool. No, I made, I made my choice. Alright, I'm gonna read the points now in no particular order. Wade, you got a point for sad and minus one point for breaking. Sad. You got a point for be a man don't take meds. Point for the stairs. Point for eat the pets. Minus one point for breaking shotgun. Oh that's right. Breaking shotgun 'cause yeah, got it. Yeah, that's a minus point. You got points for crypto rug pull high five. Balenciaga. So sneak ver al forget why you said that. Sports memorabilia. I won again and hot tub of money.


Mark, you earn points for your voice guns. Benjamin Buttoning good and handsome gun hyper fixation incoming poo poo poo poo P Poo movie in perpetuity. Oh yeah, you want the movie in perpetuity. That's right. That's right. That was another good one. Big old TV form labs printer. And tour buses with the S in quotation marks. 'cause that's only in theory Wade, you earned 11 points. Mark you earned 10 points. Oh no Wade, you then proceeded to uner two points. Meaning that the final score is 10 for mark and nine for Wade.


Oh sorry, that 11 did not include your two minus points. Well Now I'm breaking mad. Oh, now it's 10 to eight oh oh. And that means mark is the greatest gifter of all. Now I'm breaking down bad You can't lose any more than you're already losing, but you could certainly try winter speech mark. I persevered and through my own obsession with constantly looking at very expensive things, I was able to carry this one through to the finish line with my outlandish suggestions and honestly cementing myself as a disdained ta distasteful elite.


One percenter who only lives in a bed of luxury and will never be able to relate to the common man. But I'm a winner today so I'll take that. Yeah, congratulations Wade. I as The poor common man, I really felt like I started a disadvantage. Mark clearly knows how much all these items are. 'cause he owns them all from being in a a rich elite, one percenter. But you know, I thought my ideas were great and now I'm stuck with $50,000 worth of phone case gift cards, all of those adventuring items. I got a zar. If anybody's looking for 'em, don't hit me up but pretend to. Did you get the breathing one? I just want to come over and listen to him breathe for a While. I, yeah, I was able to afford the breathing one and then I got the Gibby the clown, or whatever the fuck his name was.


You Got a gibby toilet for fix your plumbing problems. You know what Wade, if we're honest, your ideas were really good today, but also two of your ideas were so bad that they cost you the win. I don't regret a thing I said today. You don't look like you regret it. And that's really what's important. God, I love my humor. I love me and I will always laugh at me. You Always have at least one laugh. Possibly only one, but I will tell that's the end of the episode. Congratulations Mark. You'll be hosting the next one. Follow us on socials at our names. Oh yeah. Merch Distractible store.com. That's the place where the thing typed that in. And that's it. Until then, like we say at the end, podcast out Merry Christmas to.