
This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. There are a lot of fraternal twins out there now. McDonald's is dropping on us. A twin we never expected. Have you boys heard about the chicken? Big Mac? The what? What does that mean? Two chicken patty special sauce, lettuce, cheese and pickles on a sesame seed bun. The special Sauce that they only use for the Big Mac, they have it on a new sandwich. Yeah, the chicken Big Mac. It's not not a Big Mac. Get it while you can at participating McDonald's for a limited time.


This episode is brought to you by Batman AUM. Shadow. Available only on Meta Quest three and three s. I'm just excited to be able to use Batman's gadgets. Shock glove punch, the Rat King, just the bat versus the Rat. That's gonna make for some really good headlines. Become the Night Batman Aum. Shadow is included when you buy MedQuest three or three s available now. Learn more@batmanaumshadow.com T. For team bat shadow is only VR MedQuest three Three s offer ballot on qualifying products purchase from September 25th, 2024 through April T 2025. Terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola Creations. You love the taste of Coca-Cola and love the cookie crunch of Oreos. But what happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best becomes besties? Try the new Coca-Cola zero Sugar Oreo limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. Copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode, waxy Wade loves jacking Bowers with pineapples, defends deez, and forces his friends to rate rascals, ballast, or Bob LA drilling deep holes crashes on a cannibal and is unimpressed by the undead. Marc and Mark bucks up for black day sales and gets aroused by a noble aliens. And Arnie from ruined apertures to Wet Walowitz. Yes, it's time for Movie Villain Awards. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey, everyone. welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade because I am just so good at telling short, terrifying stories you've never joined us before. One of us hosts the other two compete for points, and the person with the most points, typically at the end, gets to host the next episode. The games, the rules, the points are all arbitrary. The host decides how it works within reason. I'm joined as always by Mark and Bob. Hey guys. Hello. Hello. How are you? Oh, oh, oh. What are you? Oh, This guy Bob, asking us how we are. Yeah. What? Glad to hear it. I'm good. Great. Thank you for that normal human response.


That's What they call me. Normal human. Bob. I'm good too. Not that anyone asked. No, nobody asked. That's fair. I should have. That's my bad. I will immediately remove points for myself. Thank you. It doesn't make it better though. You lose a lot of points when you host. Usually do. You guys don't take 'em from me. So someone's got a What do you wanna know, man? What do you wanna know? Lay it on me. What's new In your lives? Small talk me. How's it going? What you got going on? If I say movie stuff, will it lose me points? No. No. I think Bob and I agreed. It's only lenses so far that lose you points. Well, I, I guess I could talk about lenses a little bit. Please make my day. God don't do that. Those too is I felt that.


I Should've just answered that in the last one. One sentence follow up please. I heard the doorbell ring. Please. That would make everything instantly scary. Go. Should I talk about lenses Stuff? Do you have new lens stuff to talk about? No. No, but I wasn't talking about using them when I was doing the pickup shots and like having them. 'cause I, I have a set now of the same lenses we used onset and they're just fucking incredible. And I know, I don't care if it loses me points. It's fine. There really is all, all the talk I've been talking about, how they like, they just make the image. They just make it like they ma there's something about it and it's not something you can replicate in terms of the Light passes through them.


Refracts image made you Get it. You get it. Yeah. It's just like, I, I really appreciated having them because also from a performance perspective, some of those lenses perform better than most modern lenses I've bought in terms of like their close focus and like their, their aperture and, and just like the, oh, they just, they're gorgeous. I can't deny. I was very happy to have them and I know they were expensive and the way I got 'em took a lot of extra time. 'cause I got 'em, you know, I bought the actual lenses. I got 'em rehoused and then took like a whole year to get that back. But having them just, oh Man, oh, oh, Isn't it nice when things are made for quality more than profit? I mean, no, they were they the people that made them, they made 'em for profit.


Trust me. Fuck They Made 'em for Profit. Capitalism has a point now. Yes, capitalism has all the points. But yeah, using them just, ah man. It just made me really appreciate what they are and, and how they are. I had one of the lenses, really rare one actually, oh this is a while back. They came in through the mail and this guy, you know, it was, these are, these are some of the rarest lenses. So they're like expensive. And he shipped it in a single layer of bubble wrap and some newspaper. Just the loosest wrapping you could have. When I got the box, I tipped it over and you could hear glass. The whole thing shifted 'cause the lens was just rolling around in there. There was no padding.


All the newspaper got flat. The single wrap, bubble wrap was done. I knew it was gonna be bad. I took pictures as opening it. I opened it and the whole front element was shattered. And all of the shards of glass had been scratching the inside. Non broken elements. Ugh. It was, it was ruined. I was really sad because this lens that will never be made again, that there are only less of in the world. Lost one lens because this guy who should appreciate it and sell it, shipped it internationally from Japan, And it. It just did not pack it for the trip. It wouldn't be sufficient if you were sending it a state over. It definitely wouldn't if you're sending it across an ocean. Like it was just, it was sad. I was very sad. Yeah, that sucks. It's okay.


I got refund. But it's, it is what it is. Yeah. But you know there's a finite number that does suck. Yeah, that's what made it, that's what made it really, really, really disappointing. Just like there's another one gone and then someday they will all be gone. That's it. That's the only lens doc I got. What about you Bob? What's new? No new lenses. Same lenses. Same Prescription. Yeah, same prescription. Still still rocking it. I built cabinets and now I think I can do woodworking. But the cabinets were from Ikea and I didn't count as building. I just screwed them together. No, That's pretty much woodworking. I think you qualify. Oh yeah. I mean I did you use clamps to attach the faces together? So they're kind of built in lower cabinets now and they're all lined up. They look real nice.


They're off camera over there. Keep looking at 'em. Now I'm pretty sure I can do any kinda woodworking I want. It's funny you mention that. I'm gonna buy a bunch of tools. Yes. You know, get into some stuff. I have a shelf near like our TV setup and like one shelf has like some holes that like some cables run to like a, we have projector set up. So the cables run there and there's a shelf above it that I want to put like some of the electronics or console or something on. But it has no way to get there. Right now I need to put like some holes in there so you could help me make my shelf good. I don't even know if that technically counts as woodworking. You just literally need to drill a hole. Maybe with a small hole saw. That would be working the wood For me That's just using a drill.


That's just drilling one thing basically. This is so weird 'cause Amy just asked me about a hole drill bit, a circular drill bit just five minutes ago. They're called hole saws. Hole saw. It's a saw you put on your drill. You need to get multiple cables through. So like some hdmi, some like outlet, so on and so forth. The problem really isn't the cables. 'cause the, the problem is the heads. 'cause the heads are really, you need to Have, that's what I mean. Yeah, they gotta fit the But probably like an inch and a half or a two inch hole saw. And you could even buy a grommet if you wanna be fancy. Is he one of the Muppets which Is just a little plastic sleeve you insert? Yeah. And a Muppet. He's a Muppet. He's a Muppet who holds your cables. Oh right. I'm gonna give you a grommet point Anyway.


I mean I could do that for you, but I think you could handle it if you really wanted to. Oh I don't really do stuff. Oh come on man. You could do it bud. It's drilling a hole Now, but then there's dust to clean up and a tool to put away. Well you just do it outside. It blows away. I don't know if that shelf comes out. I, it might be built in like it's, it's trickier. Oh Well that's a little bit more of a pain in the ass. But you just need to vacuum. Just vacuum It up and all the electronics underneath have to be removed and then put back. That doesn't sound like woodworking. I'm not doing that. In any case, it's not my job. That's another department. You are gonna get me in trouble. I gotta get an electronic mover. I gotta get a woodworker. I gotta get a vacuumer. This it starting to add up in price. You need some PAs, you need some grips. Is it Rio B days?


You could get a whole bunch of whole bunch of stuff. Is it Rio Days? Rio Day. I'm thinking about really going all in on Rio B days. It's not currently BIE days I don't think. I Think we passed it, didn't we? There'll be another big sale though. They always have like a holiday sale for BIE Stuff. Oh man, I gotta be on Black Friday's or Cyber Monday's. Software sales. There's so many pieces of software that are so unbelievably expensive that go for like 90% off on Black Friday. Really? Oh yeah. Asset packs always asset packs, sound effects, libraries. All things like that. I slept on 'em last year but now I'm like I want all the asset packs, all the sound libraries. There's this one sound library that costs like $10,000 for the complete library.


Jesus. I slept on it, it was like 80, 90% off last year and I didn't buy it. And then I was like, 'cause when am I gonna need all these 5.1 surround sound sound effects? And now I'm lurking on this and I'm like fuck, I wish I had those 5.1 surround sound sound effects. That would be great. Ah man. Yeah, maybe if you were making some kind of movie that might be important. Yeah, It's like a lifetime license. And it. It's like, yeah, so over my entire life I would have probably never use all the sounds in there but man I gotta get it this time Could just start putting extra sounds into videos and stuff. Just 'cause you got 'em. Yeah, I mean that's basically what we do in YouTube and here on editors Hit 'em with all your sound effects.


Hong Kong. Wow. Whoa. Easy there. Now my fade out sound. I don't think Now my fade in sound Good. Do you know what Evangelian is? Yeah. That guy who's really old, who tries to sell you Bibles on tv. Close Enough. Yes. You got it. Okay. So, and you know what Ed ETT is, right? I, I'm picturing something weird already. Yeah. Oh come on. That's what I fucking fade out Sound so I.


I fucking love ed. Ed sound effects. So many other cartoons that have tried to do the mini sound effect things. Never get it right but Ed and Eddie. Oh God, When I hear that horn I always think of the Lost Boys whenever the vampire gets hit by a car. I don't know that one. Keith for So Keith for Sutherland you don't want keep for Ke For Sutherland. Ke For Sutherland, he was Jack Bauer than 24. Okay. You All right? No, I don't remember what I lost my first point for but I just took away another one for Keefer. Sutherland Ke for Sutherland All, right. Rebi days Woodworking. Got some good stuff here. Anything else going on before we jump into the topic? I got a juicy one today. How juicy. Potentially very What Fruit?


Oh the juiciest. You don't know a fruit, do You? Yeah I do a spare lime bra. Banana. I prefer lime. Agus Green Pineapple. What? You Know. No, say it again. Green. Pineapple. Pineapple. You didn't say that last time. That's not a kind of fruit at all. That's not even two kinds of fruit. Tomato. There you go. Cool. Well if you guys don't have anything else, we'll jump into our topic. I Really don't think I do. Mark had some really good smallpox. Smallpox. Thank you. He did Have some really good, you Got some really good smallpox over there. I'm gonna stay away. But Tea For Sutherland had Ke for Sutherland had smallpox.


I really enjoyed your small talk. Mark it. It was sad. The lens one was sad but also interesting and good. That was a good bit ago, but yeah, it was just, that's the only one that's really broken. So thankfully I've been pretty lucky. There's been some that have arrived in subpar condition. It's pretty good Luck for stuff that's fairly delicate. Oh the only other thing that broken was that art piece lens. The cutaway one. Oh that guy was a prick about the refund. Well that sucks. Oh well I always meant to fix it someday but then you know, I never got around to it and I lost some of the pieces that it's hard to Fix people that are pricks like that. Oh No. I'm not gonna fix that guy. There's no fixing that. I could fix her. Okay. All. right. Go for it. Do it. You won't We right All.


right. So to jump into today's topic, what I will do is tell you that it is still terrifying season. And what we're gonna do is we're going to have the scariest awards show known to mankind. The Tony's Not that terrifying but still pretty bad. But we're gonna have the Halloween award show today where we're going to go through and I've got a list of awards and you guys are going to debate who is the most deserving of each award. Yay. All. right? Me? Probably. We got some golden ones on here. So let's see. Let's start with just based on like no knowledge of what they've actually done, but either, you know, looking at them or hearing about them.


Which horror movie villain would you think just based on like basic information, would be the most likely to succeed? Like that high school award, the most likely to succeed? You know, the person that you're just like, they're gonna succeed in life. Does it matter if in their genre or movie or whatever they were in, if they succeeded there or not or Nope. This is not based on their accomplishments at all. It's just like going in, you see this killer, monster, villain, whatever, and you're like, they seem like they're most likely gonna win. Like how do you stop that? I'm a little out of my elephant. I don't know. I'm not that well versed in like horror characters so I'm really That's Okay. You can just go with ones. You know, you don't have to like reach too far out the outside the box. Why do I not wanna say the S is today?


Man, I don't know what happened to me. I don't want to s today Outside the box. It happens. I got some options here. Okay. You say most likely to succeed. And the thing about that award is the person who gets it very rarely ever actually succeeds. so I want to nominate it started out as a radio play and then it was a movie with like Tom Cruise in it. What's that called? Aliens? Yeah, aliens. Tripod. Aliens. The Day before after tomorrow. War of the Worlds War of the Worlds. Yeah. So the aliens from War of the Worlds, they had all the opportunity in the world to succeed. All odds were that no one on earth could stop them. You know, they had everything going for them.


And yet, ah man viruses. Whoops. Single cell organisms. Oh, how did they overlook that? You know, everything would've happened if there's ever day sex mocking a happening, it's, it's right then and there. So they, they were most likely to succeed even over like the Independence Day aliens who could blow up cities. 'cause it's like they made their computer systems hackable by like 1990s computers. I think they deserve that. But war are the worlds, you know, that's, that's just unfair to them. They were so successful in what they were doing And yet, ah man I got the flu. I do like the thought of Independence Day. Aliens not renewing their Norton subscription. That's why they lost war Are the world's aliens though.


You're right. I mean they were just like dominating. They're like, oh I forgot my flu medicine. If only we invented Oh life support. Ugh. And their machines also seemed to get sick when they were piloting the tripods like, ugh, woozy and the whole thing. It's like, girl are you And? It's like, it's just like, come on, that doesn't have an autopilot in there or something. I don't know why I'm rooting for them but you know. No, That's fair. Most likely to succeed. That's what I would've put my money on. And it. Good nomination. Bob, you have a nomination to add in the list? I don't know a lot about this franchise, but I do know this character a little bit. I would say Hannibal Lecter seems like he's really got his shit together. Just in general in terms of succeeding in his nefarious ambitions.


But also like as a person, like he wouldn't be like a good friend. He seems kind of up uptight kind of, kind of wound up kind of person. But like I would not be surprised if he had a very successful like career. Very successful life just seems, you know, like he's got it all sort of figured out and also just is a bit of a cannibal. I mean he was a good friend to Clarice. Just nobody else. I guess he's smart. He's very like sophisticated. Yeah, like he's very sort of charismatic character. Like he just, he's got a lot going for him. You know, he'd be a pretty successful guy. It's Like a double. 'cause he was most probably most likely to succeed in school too because he was so smart and he became like the super therapist that everyone respected. Well renowned, successful, financially successful in killing.


He had a lot going for him. Yeah. Yeah. I forgot that he is like a, he has a career, he's like a therapist or whatever. Right. That's a thing about the character. I mean it just seems like he was successful. Alright, between those two, let's just stick to those two since those are the first two nominees you guys came up with. War are the world's aliens and Hannibal who most deserves the award for most likely to succeed going in. And your candidate doesn't necessarily, like if your your candidate wins, you win because otherwise you guys are never gonna agree. The thing I would detract about mine is that it's not one, it's like it's a whole race and the problem with like a villain is you really should be able to put one face to it. so I would, I would detract from mine about that. But also I'd be like they were very likely to succeed.


Yeah. I do feel like the aliens fumbled harder. Like they had way more in terms of advantages but then also, whoops, the common cold. I mean if you just have the setup of like one person serial killer versus entire advanced alien race dominating humanity, you would say that the alien race is more likely to succeed at the the get go if they get their setups. They had enough prep time but they didn't Needed to get those vaccines. I can't believe they didn't think they needed to worry about smallpox. Always get some. I Love our smallpox callbacks. Oh Yeah we did. Oh wait, yeah We did. That was the thing. That's, that's true. He's not just making that up.


I might personally lean world, the world's aliens unless I can be convinced. 'cause man they fumbled hard. I just feel like the tone of the whole award is very Hannibal. Like that he gives off the vibe of was definitely most likely to succeed in his high school senior yearbook. You know what that is fair. That sort of is his character. Mark, do you have any input either way? Nah, not really. You know, the more I think about it, the less I'm like clearly they were just like, there's what we do. We're taking this planet. so I was like, you can't fault them. Right? Not trying to sell myself short, but because They're basically us to every other species and we're not villains Pretty much. There's no way we're the bad guys All. right. Well you know what? We'll give it to Hannibal then. Hannibal is most likely to succeed.


Yeah. Most other villains in my mind just, they do succeed. So Let's go with the best smile. And you can interpret this in multiple ways as in like the most horrific smile, actually The best smile or anything in between. Pennywise. Gotta be up there. Ooh, Pennywise. Pennywise got great smile. That's a good one. I don't know the entire lore of the movie. I do feel like the smile from smile. Pretty good smile. If you know what I'm getting at. I haven't seen it. I haven't either. Lemme look it up. The the basic gist of the movie is like the main character, Dr. What's her face, Cotter sees a very crazy traumatic incident involving a patient and then starts experiencing like freaky experiences and are and is like pursued by a thing that's just trying to like horrify her.


And it's the smile, the smile. It keeps like popping up on different people's faces. I think I have not seen the movie, but that's the gist that I'm getting. The actors, the, at least the clips I've seen and I saw the trailer Smile too is supposed to come out this year. The the clips where the people are doing the smile and it's kind of like the Thousand Yard Sta smiles like the weird, it's very creepy. It's very good. It's very Effective I guess. Yeah, for the category of best smile. You can't live without it. But Pennywise great smile. The Fact that Bill Skarsgard can just do that is pretty impressive. And Tim Curry did a great one. I mean, yeah, there's some good smiles. Can I share a, I Googled smile. I'm just gonna share one here that came up.


Warning, scary gore. Terrifying something. Warnings, Warning, whatever. It's the most scarring thing we've ever seen in our lives. It might be it. I mean it's un it's unsettling to say the least. All, right? It's very fleshy. Muscly. It's, it's gross. Look away for a moment if you don't wanna speak. Oh my God. Oh he is so happy. Oh, what am I looking at? The smile entity From the movie? No, it is, I don't know what it's from. It just called the Smile Entity. It just showed up in search results. The Smile entity is the, the entity from Smile. I think 2020 horror short film. Laura hasn't slept. It's 2022 film's. Adaptation, smile and it's upcoming. So yeah, it is this one from Smile. Yeah. Laura hasn't slept is in the, is in the Smile universe or whatever.


That's pretty awful. I mean that's a really well done whatever that is. I I love the multiple rows of teeth coming down. Like that's horrifying. That's a really done whatever the hell. You know, I'm not gonna lie, I was all in on Pennywise now I'm 50 50. 'cause that that added with the smiles that Bob was talking about. Those are a pretty potent combo. It reminds me of the grunt from Amnesia. Yeah. With its like mouth like Stretched down here. Yeah. Except more teeth going down. Yeah. Count at least five rows of bottom teeth. Oh man. If you look up more pictures of that thing, there's a still frame I've found of the whole creature standing over. Ah man. Yeah. Gross.


That's something I can always appreciate. Practical effects in horror movies. That's, that's it's, yeah, that's, that's no good. I was settled. I'm not anymore. So who's our winner between Pennywise and the Smile entity or the smile villain Smile That Just depends on what you mean by best smile. Because like that's one hell of a smile. Yeah. I mean nicest smile. Not that one most pleasant smile Uhuh. That's What's up for debate here. The reason I still like Pennywise is because like it's straddles the line of like it's a clown. I don't like that though. Yeah. You know, if you want to just go like absolute most horrific to look at for sure that that smile while still qualifying as a smile.


I think the smile entity still would be the most horrific but still is technically smiling. Have you seen Bill Skarsgard without makeup? Do the smile and like do the lip thing and Oh God it's so good. I Don't know. It's up to you Judge. I'm torn too. I Feel like I, I buy the Pennywise argument. I feel like Pennywise is like the smile I think of like, that was the first one I thought of when I read this was Pennywise. That's gotta mean something. so I. I'm gonna give this one a Pennywise fair. I'm upset that I made us see that and I apologize. Let's go with best dressed. Ooh, got Freddy Kruger with his fedora. That's always classy. This is a weird image but can I pick sort of a classical villain but from a comedic Anyway, look, Dr.


Frankenstein from the played by Gene Wilder. I feel like he was quite the dapper man. Iconic too. Very, very. I feel like that's an iconic like mad scientist look. The whole wardrobe that Gene Wilder Sports in that movie is, but that's not strictly horror 'cause it's funny. But Speaking of Gene Wilder, if you consider Willy Wonka the villain of Willy Wonka, which some people do, he was impeccably dressed. That's true. Wonka Wonka does not is no slouch. Yeah. But I can't say that. That would be my absolute definitive answer. Okay. I would say, I mean again, Pennywise is up there but I, I mean if you like clowns you could say that this is a Very classic mad scientist look.


I will give you that. Oh it is the classic mad scientist look. Yeah. All mad scientist looks were basically based off of that look. I especially like he has like the smoking jacket with the big like velvet jacket with the big lapels. But then he is got the black mock turtleneck with the lab coat. Like he's got all of the looks. Oh, what about in, in glorious bastards the main Nazi guy played by, who's his name? Incredibly menacing villain. Always impeccably dressed. Landa. Colonel Landa. Yeah, Landa. Who plays him? Christophe Waltz. Is that his name? Yeah. Christoph Waltz plays Colonel Hans Landa. He's Got all of his buttons.


He is got the garb perfectly pressed. Okay. He mostly wears the SS uniform in general, but like the black trench coat and especially the pipe he smokes in the opening sequence. Yeah. Pretty strong look. Pretty iconic. I was thinking someone like Count Dracula a classic like Cape. Well-mannered, like, I don't know. That's what came to my mind first and foremost. Trying to think of like more villains that actually wear clothing because most of them don't. Or it's like Jason who's got rags on and I'm like, oh you can't really, can't really do much with that. I'm gonna toss mine on there too. I I, I think we can go with those three, Frank, Dr. I don't know how to pronounce it. Frankenstein. Frankenstein. Frankenstein from Young Frankenstein, Frankenstein versus Colonel Hans Landa versus Dracula.


Those are our three contenders for best dressed. Nah, There's gotta be one more we're missing. Oh, American Psycho. Jason Bateman's character. He did love his clothing. He was quite the fashionable man Actually being conceited as like his old character thing. So yeah. Yeah. Hannibal could be on the list too. Hannibal was always very put together. I would say American psycho guy, Joker. Joker always had a classic look. I wouldn't say best dressed but It's just a suit. Like iconic look. Maybe best dressed if you look going for iconic look rather than just like looking most dapper. Oh this Is a tough one. I gotta look up like a list of characters that Actually, what was that movie where there's like a girl robot who's supposed to like protect the little girl that she's assigned to, but then she turns into like a murderous little girl robot.


What is that called? Not Annabell, is it? Maybe? Yes, Megan. Megan. She's like very, I mean I'm not a good assessor of women's fashion but like she wears like a very nice looking like suede coat and she has like dresses and things. She looks like very nicely dressed. The whole movie. Which is part of why it's so creepy. But I got A lot of people on this list now. I Looked up this list and it's basically everyone that we've already listed. 'cause there aren't that many sort Of the whole villain thing is you not necessarily dressed the best. Megan, Patrick, Bateman Dracula, Hans Landa and Dr. Frankenstein. We gotta pick one of them.


I'm partial to Jane Wilder, but I think I'm just a big fan of that movie. What I found one, it's not a horror movie though. Does that matter? We're kind of being a little loose with it. Okay. Persian Emperor from 300. Oh shit. Yeah. Not horror, but it's Not like horror but it's like horror adjacent in all the like sort of like body horror. I don't know, like weird sexual stuff. There's like a lot of, there's a lot of stuff going on there. Yeah. But the look, Okay, I'm gonna limit this down to a three here. Dude. The voice that they get for Xerxes too. Yeah the, with the whatever they did to that actor's voice.


'cause I'm pretty sure that's not just the natural voice. It is correct in a way that is very satisfying. Yeah. I would love to know how they did that. Xerxes as a character is awesome. Here's our three final three. Dr. Frankenstein, Dracula and Xerxes. Which of those three wins best dressed? Hmm. Two of them are kind of classic set. The stage. One of 'em is more modern, but my God is he like looked apart. Yeah. I feel like Xerxes is just a whole in his own class. Yeah, he he is also not very dressed to be honest. He is mostly naked A That's true. He is adorned.


Yeah, He's adorned. I think if you had to really pick who's actually a villain, well the Count Dracula I guess depends, but, but Dr. Franken definitely probably not a villain. Xerxes Iss not a horror movie. Villain Count. Dracula or Dracula in general being one of the most iconic. And if you think of fashion, I think that kind of does win. He Wears a cape. You know we are underplaying how cool capes are. Yeah, that is true. He Wears a cape 'cause he is so pale. Well Xerxes also has a cape, but it's like, it's barely doing anything. You see those hints of it behind his, his rippling ABS's. The suggestion of a cape. So you're saying you think Dracula though? I think it's probably gotta be Dracula.


That's probably fair. I lean that way too. And I know it was my suggestion, but like that's just the one that came to my mind. Like Pennywise came to mind. Dracula came to my mind. People Wouldn't be too upset. Can I just throw this out? I think this is a bad one, but I can't get outta my head. I like the way in general that Chucky is dressed. Oh yeah. But not in that it's like stylish or anything, but just that it's like it's Iconic, Effective and iconic. 'cause it's like, it's just little kids' clothes basically. Right. But it's creepy because of what it is and because it's so iconic. But I don't think that's really what we're looking for. I just, the whole time my brain was like, say Chucky. Say Chucky. No, that's a good one. I I I would agree with I joker again. It's not, is it a great outfit?


No, but like it's iconic. This is movie villains, right? This isn't like who's best dressed at the prom. This is who's best dressed at movie villains. So, Eh, that's true. Dracula's good though. I think Dracula just makes sense. Plus funny voice. Wood bang. Wood bang. Like we would bang. Yeah, we're good at hitting wood. Most bankable villain or monster. I know who Mark picks Who. Oh, I think the, the practicalness of that would make it difficult. So not technically most bang able I guess.


Mm. Not with that attitude, You know. Nah, not really. Pre or post transformation Post for sure. Hands down two, hands down, way down. I don't even think that would be my answer. Alien, queen, final answer from aliens. Xenomorph queen. Okay. Xenomorph. No, no. I don't think that either. You said final answer. I don't know. Oh Shit. You locked in the answer. That's fine. So Sorry. You did say lock it in Shit. Oh it's not horror though. Can I just say though, Angelina Jolie as Maleficent. Sure, that's true.


Or Angelina Jolie as that Beowulf monster thing. Or Angelina Jolie. I don't think she's a who. Anyway. Just Maleficent in general. The vibe. I would say that's very in the same ballpark as lady do dress skew. The vibe is just very like she would step on me or something, you know, like it's intimidating. So our three contenders are Xenomorph Queen as proposed by Mark Maleficent played by Angelina Jolie specifically. And I threw Lady D on there for Mark. There Is Beowulf Angelina Jolie. But that's a whole different thing because I think like some demon monster. But the whole point of that character is to tempt the people that try to kill her.


But also she could probably kill them. But I don't know. I already locked in my answer. You did. You said final answer locked it like you really tied all of our hands. I'll toss another one I thought of in there. Was it Sill Natasha Henstridge and Species? She was like, her whole thing was going in like tempting men and then Oh, some like robo lady. Remember being Robo All. right? So yeah, this is just a, this is an alternate universe version of the Xenomorph. 'cause it seems HR Gagger and, well That's after she like transformed. She walks around and just looks like, oh, there's Nipples. Oh, what the fuck is this? Bob? Who do you think between Angelina Jolie is either Maleficent or Beowulf Lady Demo Reque or the Xenomorph queen?


What, what a list. I know The Beowulf character seems too obvious. Almost. I guess it's a little on the nose. It's Just Angelina Jolie mostly naked. I kind of get where you're coming from with the Xenomorph Queen. Thank you. I I I kind of see what you're, I see what you're saying. I think I'm not gonna count that out. You Know what, for our audience I'll just say it's Lady D. We'll move on. See I wouldn't agree with that. I wouldn't agree with that. I think I get what Bob's saying. But isn't the Melissa Cent movie? I haven't seen it. But doesn't it kinda like make her not the villain? I haven't seen it either. I don't know. I just assumed it would be some kinda like, here's my tragic backstory.


Oh wait, well this doesn't really count. Can I throw in an honorable mention? Sure. Sigourney Weaver and Ghostbusters. 'cause she gets possessed by Zul. She's the gatekeeper. Sure. In that, in that moment. Yeah. That's a good one. But she's not, she's not like a villain. She's Not really the villain. Yeah. But she's like the embodiment of the villain and like Sigourney Weaver. Yeah. Fair enough. All. right. Let's move on to the next award. Most Derisive villain. Ginger Dead. Man, I got it in first. Final answer. Locked in. He He he's right. Just, Just, just, just, I didn't even have another answer. He's right. I, I submit Ginger Dead Man from Ginger Dead Man versus Evil Belong specifically. Oh Okay.


Very derisive in that movie. I think He actually got Leive because he had someone to sympathize with In that case. I'll give it to Ginger Dead man. I think that's the right call. Yeah. Unless what? What's the insult? Comic dog's name? What is It? What's his name? Triumph. Unless Triumph The insult comic dog is a villain in some context that I'm unaware of. Then maybe I'm in with a chance here. Huh? Not really villain though, Good argument. But I think just Ginger Dead Man unfortunately ran away with this award. Yeah, Fair enough. All. right. Let's go with this is a play on Mr. Irrelevant, which is like the last draft pick in the NFL draft.


We're gonna have Mr. Slash Miss Irrelevant, which is an award that goes to the worst villain. Oh It's the absolute worst. Tragically bad. Sad. Probably doesn't stand a chance. Just like you know what this is to you for being in last place. Ah, the bye bye man. I don't know, I've never seen the movie but I'm just gonna go with that on gut Instinct alone. What is this now? I've never seen it but there's a movie called The Bye-Bye man. It's all part of the same genre of movies where it's like, oh don't look at the thing. Oh don't think about the thing. Oh the thing's coming to get you. You can't stop that thing. It's one of those things. Hmm. Is the bye-Bye man. Just Jared Lito's Joker. Yes. Let's go with Yes.


Speaking of Jared Lito's joker. Oh wait, I've got mine for this. So this is tough because in the right context is absolutely not an irrelevant one. But in general, can I just say zombies? Hmm. There's yeah it like, what's that Brad Pitt movie like World War Z Zombies where they're like fast and they climb the huge thing. But like it by and large zombies kind of are more like shot of the dead zombies where you can literally just walk quickly past them and it's like they do pose a threat but more so if you are stupid than because they pose a serious threat to you. Is it a problem? Yeah, No that's fair.


He's the only biting and grabbing attacks. If you get high enough AC they can't touch you. That's what I was thinking. So let's go buy Byman versus Zombies. I Think yeah, if you think of zombies as a whole I guess. Yeah, zombies makes a lot of sense. I feel like Zombies is one of the only villains where you'd be like, yeah they're a villain. But also there's a lot of zombie stuff where there also needs to be another villain or else there's no story happening. There're not enough of a villain on their own. They're just like a side issue in the thing. In the Story. Yeah, for sure. All. right? I think we agree then zombies are the irrelevant villains. Let's go with Lady Killer, the Best Lady. Female monster or killer or villain Gen. Morph Queen. Lock it in.


Ah Shit. God dammit. God Dammit. So I. Think of Exorcist girl, Linda Blair's Exorcist. Hmm? The Ring girl would also qualify. Samara. Samara. Yeah. Carrie. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Is Godzilla canonically female? I don't know. Godzilla is described explicitly as male according to Wikipedia. I will say destroys entire cities just because we woke him up. Pretty manly behavior. Wasn't there like an egg plot point in one of the movies? Or was that just like the American one that no one really likes? I'm not sure.


These are good questions. I don't have the answers to. What's the one where the girl's like dating the guy in her family's trying to like, oh, Get out. Get out. Yeah. The lady from that, The villain in that family is like the whole family Or in that movie. It's like the whole family though, isn't it? Yeah. She's pretty bad. Yeah. But it's like her mom does the hypnotizing and her dad and it's like all of 'em. Yeah, They're all bad. That's fair. Natasha Hinrich and Species again, I would argue she's pretty terrifying. And man, I think it's gotta be the x endomorph queen. God dammit. I shut up fucking God 'em If you guys agree, how do I argue the, you were right. Award for killing the victim.


Who most deserved to die? God, we hated that person and we were so glad to see the villain kill them. Huh? So it's a villain killing someone else. Yeah. It's like someone that's like so stupid or so evil or just so blah that would, whenever they, they got killed by the overall monster or killer or whatever, we were just like honestly fair. See this requires a little bit more knowledge. Yeah. I'm trying to think of specific times when a villain killed someone who was also a secondary villain in the story. I mean in the movie Carrie, the Baldies at the end get killed. Fair. Fair. They deserved it. I don't know if this counts as a horror movie.


I think it was scary as a kid, but it's like a movie I love now and don't really think of it as scary. But fucking Dennis Ned and Jurassic Park, man, he fucked up everything. He ruined that park. so I never got to go see it. That's a good point. Yeah. He ruined a lot of things. Yeah. I don't know if this, it's probably in one of the many movies. What about Jason Borhees originally killing his mom? He kills his mom because her neglect led to him drowning and becoming what he is. Right. Comes back and kills her. That's the general, I mean the Counselor killed him but like I think she forced to be there or something. Yeah, there was a whole thing and then she's like, the voice in his head is always like, Jason, get up.


Kill them. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Jason's mom, I think she's a villain. Who deserved it? I don't remember her death. Does she die the end of the first one? Yes. I believe so. I don't know where that is in the things 'cause I don't watch those movies. But that's his lore also, I guess if he counts. Isn't one of the Ridler iterations the Jim Carrey one? Doesn't he kill a bunch of like douche bag elites? Oh man, I've not seen that movie since I was a kid. I don't remember. Eh, You know what you brought up Hannibal earlier. His therapist, the doctor then at the end of the movie is like I'm having an old friend for dinner. And. it shows him like on the run Chilton, Dr.


Chilton. That's not gonna ring any bells for me. No, I got nothing. You guys not seen the movie Signs of the Lambs? No. I'm gonna put 'em on here. I think he deserved it. Apparently the Ridler I'm thinking of was much older. Paul DNOs Ridler in the Matt Reeves, the Batman. And he killed a bunch of corrupt Gotham like politicians and people who were twisting running the city and stuff. Eh, nah, I dunno. I don't wanna commit to that one. I think that's all we're gonna get for this one. It's just such a specific category. Okay, I'm gonna go with the ones I've got written down here. Jason's mom, which I don't know exactly how she dies, but I wrote it down The Diosa who killed Dennis Ry in Jurassic Park. And Dr.


Chilton after being a real dick to Clarice and Hannibal all throughout finally gets his comeuppance at the end of the film off screen. But we know it's coming. I think the Jurassic Park one makes a lot of sense. I like that one. That guy was villainous an asshole. No one liked him. And the dinosaurs were, you know, the human element being what it is. But the dinosaurs were definitely like the bads in the movie. Not that they were bad, but just like they were out To get people. They were the problems. They were just trying to live. And Dennis cut them loose and they did what they do. You know, it was all Dennis's fault. Yeah. It's really his fault. All right Villain with the best one liner. Oh man. Dr.


Freeze. Final answer. Locked in. Oh, I have another Arnold character, but I was gonna have a whole discussion about it. Is he a horror movie villain? Which one-Liner. Do you have to pick one? 'cause he has like everything he says as a one-liner. Man, this is gonna call me out because I, I don't remember most of em. Well There's one specifically I To meet you. Yeah. Ice To meet You Is the this the one but Chill Out. You know, I gotta throw out a bonus one here. I play Party Animals on YouTube. I've been recording a series of it. And in Party Animals there's this little ice gun you can pick up and like you shoot it And, it freezes people and they can like slide off and die. And every time I get that gun, every time I pull the trigger it's, it's going to be a cold winter. It's gonna be a cold winter.


I just spam the ice. Yeah. All. right. Well so another Arnold character. It's fair to say in the first Terminator movie the Terminator is the villain kind of. Yes, he's absolutely, and I would argue that I'll Be Back is possibly one of the most iconic movie lines of all time. But it's up there with the Mr. Freeze. Dr. What's Dr? Is he a doctor? Dr. Freeze doctor. I used to meet you. I gotta say Mark. I love Dr. Freeze but the Terminator is like one of Arnold's most iconic roles. Everyone loves it. That Batman movie did not go over Too well.


What? No, that was a great movie. What do you mean it Was fun but man is that not like the Batman movie People think of when they're like best bat You think of like Best Arnold Rolls, Terminator like Predator are definitely up there along with some of his other action movies. I don't know that Dr. Freeze comes up. Was that the one where he had nipples on the bat Suit? It might have been. Yeah it was, wasn't it? It's also one with what Bain, who was like a scrawny guy who got pumped up Umer Thurman's Poison Ivy. Ah, That's an iconic one. It Sure is, isn't it? Like I said, the Lady Freeze when I pulled her plug. This is a one woman show. I don't remember that. I don't think I've ever actually watched the movie.


I'm gonna be honest. I think I gotta give it to Terminator man. I I Okay. Terminator. Yeah. His hands down. No question. Also talking about Arnold Schwartzenegger, it comes from a story that Bill Haer tells. But in the movie, collateral Damage is a scene where Schwartzenegger has a important line. There's a room with like a locked door and he just like out of nowhere while they're trying to get in. It's just like that's a bomb in there And. it is just the fucking funniest one line ever. It lives in my head forever. But Bill Hader tells a story 'cause apparently Bill Hader was like a PA on the set for that or something. We got time for one or two more. This will be, this should be a quick one. The most moist villain. A wettest villain. Hey Zena More queen Son of a bitch.


I can beat that. I can beat that. Come on. Yeah. What's wetter than that? He's technically a villain even though he is not in the Evil League of Eagle. Dr. Horrible sing-along blog a Dr. Horrible's roommate and good friend played by the actor who plays Howard Walowitz on Big Bang Theory is a villain by the name of Moist whose Villainist powers primarily involve making things moist. Apparently he has a whole backstory. Moist was a regular boy. He actually had kind of dry skin And. it was an issue At six years old, his father came home with a plutonium powered humidifier in an attempt to make his skin not so dry and cracked.


The plutonium powered humidifier worked a bit too well to the point where it altered his DNA and he is now forever in a constant state of moistness. It's pretty moist. That does sound fairly moist. You know I'm gonna give it that All. right? Very liquidy. I'm gonna throw in the shark from Jaws pretty much always wet. That's A good one. I feel like sharks have probably pretty like waterproof skin. 'cause they don't want the water getting, it's Not wetted skin. It's just most moist. I would say with the x endomorph queen you have the benefit of she exudes moisture, They are slimy and they've got the acidy blood. They're very drippy wet. There's a lot of goss. Alright, the thing, there's a lot of moisture going on there.


Kind of. It's mostly the moisture spilling out of the things thing. You know, pretty Drippy. There's a lot of drips. It looks juicy. All the parts smashed all together. There's a lot of shiny goofiness going on But juicier than the xenomorph queen. Ah, well Arguably, Oh, not that good of an argument. I think what we're discovering is xenomorph queen sweeps all categories. You know, I think I gotta give it to Xenomorph queen. I hate, I'm not even mad. That's pretty fair. Maybe one or more here. You know, actually I've got two more I think I'm gonna do then we'll wrap it up. Most iconic weapon. Mm. I'm gonna count this as a weapon in the arsenal. Can it be predators, heat vision and just the, the aesthetic of those shots.


'cause they, I feel like the heat vision shots from the, from all of the movies are just like, you know what that is? Yeah. The heat vision is pretty iconic. That's a great answer. Fuck yeah. 'cause like Jason's machete is whatever, Freddy Cougar's fingers or whatever. Those Are iconic weapons. I find it boring. It's just, it's a big knife. I think that wins. I I can't think of a, well Wait, wait I, I have a, I'm gonna throw in Xenomorph Queen's babies. The face huggers. I have a competing answer. Ginger dead man's nine millimeter handgun. What kind of villain doesn't have a handgun? You know it's, well it is a weapon. Two faces coin. It's kind of icon. Nah, that's, that's not it. Maybe I, I feel like Two-Face and Dr.


Freeze are less horror esque. I mean it's pretty gruesome. Two-Face is pretty gruesome But not A lot of them, like you said are kind of like the machete that Michael and Jason use. The knife that a ghostface uses. Maybe Independence Day Aliens City Blaster Cannon. Oh Nah. Sounds like we're just gonna give it to Predator. Heat vision. Yeah. Fuck They eat so much hair these days. Good. What about the guns that make heads explode that the Martians have in Martians? Dunno if they're quite as iconic. That's pretty niche movie. But Mars attacks is kind of niche. Oh yeah. Mars attacks. I called it merchants Mars attacks. That movie legitimately scared me so much I couldn't watch it when it came out when I was a kid.


I hated it. It was too scary. I don't know if you guys will think this is too similar to the other ones but like the shining the ax through the door, the ax is still like the machete and the knife. Right. But that is very iconic. Still Good but All. right. We'll give it to Predator. Last one. With no particular reasoning behind it. Who is the MVK the most valuable killer? Mm Now of these awards? I gotta say Xenomorph Queen has been up there in a lot of these categories And she doesn't do the killing though. Yeah. She's really more of a background. That's fair. Like what villain would the villains want on their team? Is it a numbers game? Because like Pinhead has a pretty high kill count overall, right?


Like a couple hundred at least. Right? I think, I think Pinheads problem is even villains would probably be scared of Pinhead be like, I don't know if I want that guy on my team That it makes him even more horrifying. Right. But this is that most valuable killer to others. Right? In general, most we kind of put the two other killers. Yeah. If we're Going with the best then you know it's a different story. Most Valuable for whatever that means. But Pinhead could be a contender. At least we can put Pinhead on the list. Ginger Dead Man is very derisive. Very derisive. Which is a tough way to die. I mean Freddy literally kills you in your sleep. That's hard to get around. Like that's a pretty cool power. Xenomorphs in general can survive basically anything other than enough bullets.


Doc Och could be really good for people on their team. 'cause he is smart. Is he a horror movie? I mean I guess he's okay. Come on man. I'm trying. Yeah, we're All struggling here and I fuck you man. Dr. Octopus. Okay, Octavius What? So what about tremors? Not Like the worm that's evolved. They're not like a flashy like leading the charge, but like if you have the tremors on your team, you just control all of the ground. Like that's tough. And they're very scary and intimidating. 'cause they're underground worm thing. Whatever the hell they're called. I think I actually would put it for Jason Voorhees because he may not get the most kills, but you can count.


He's gonna get that kill. Like he's gonna go wherever it's at. He went to space, he got frozen. He, he can die. He'll come right back and he's gonna be consistent. His performance can be predictable. If you just tell him that they're a camp counselor or they're having sex in that cabin, I'm gonna stop. He's gonna take care of it. Problem will be solved. Just takes time. so I, I'd say like that's who, if I was a villain I'd be like, that's who I want on my team. 'cause I just point they do. I don't have to mind him. He just does his thing. So you think between Freddy Jason and Michael Myers, Jason would win For sure Not, it's not even necessarily that he would win. He is the most consistent, high performing, high kill ratio and also impossible to stop.


He's got that iconic thing going for him too. It's The relentlessness thing that really amps it up for him too. Right? Like there's, he's not fast, but he's the snail that chases you anywhere on the globe. Like you can't actually get rid of him. Yeah. And so you, even if you are also a powerful villain or whatever's happening, like you feel like you can't beat him at some point because he's just indomitable. Yeah, All. right. Lemme go through our awards. Well done everyone. Thank you all for participating. There's a few awards that we didn't get to, but that's okay. We have awards for most moist Xenomorph Queen over Dr. Horrible's, roommate Moist and the Jaws shark. We have most derisive going to the Ginger dead man. Most likely to succeed. Hannibal over war of the World Best dressed.


We have Dracula over Dr. Frankenstein and Xerxes. A wood bang. I gave it to Lady Dee over the Xenomorph Queen and Angelina Jolie and everything. Mr. And Mr. Irrelevant goes to the zombies over the Bye-Bye man. But you were right. Victim who deserved to die the most and got it. Dialo, who killed Dennis Nri winning over Jason's mom dying and Dr. Chilton dying. Most valuable killer went to Jason Borhees. Best lady Killer Xenomorph queen. Best one liner. Terminator. I'll be back. Most iconic weapon predator. Heat vision, best smile went to Pennywise. I'm gonna go through the points for you two. Bob. You got points for real answer.


Woodworking, you won't grommet. I think this says Hannibal, Angelina Jolie, Zeno, queen, zombies, predator, heat, vision, Terminator. Mark. You got points for movie, but lenses, the lost lens. Rebi days. No license or something. Something you didn't have a license for. I don't know what the fuck The, the software licenses. Yeah. Oh right. Yeah. I don't know what the word is. I wrote, Bob loves this talk. Ginger dead. Pennywise, Xenomorph Queen. Jason, I have Wade minus one point for something. Weigh minus one point for Ki for Sutherland capitalism.


The real winner, but tabulating the points. Bob, you finished with 10. Mark, you finished with 11 points. Jim Off Queen. And how many did he lose? Oh, I didn't take away any points for lenses because of the movie connection. Am I required by our bylaws to Verdu remove points for lenses? It was never A bylaw. It was really more of a constitutional amendment. I don't even think It was an amendment. Who Brought up lenses? Was it Mark or Bob? Which one of you brought up lenses originally? I think Mark, I don't remember. No, I think it was Bob. I think the record will show that it was Bob, I think. I think it's recorded on video that Mark did that. Bob, did you ask specifically about lenses? I encourage you to talk about lenses, but I think you brought it up first.


You did, but we always do that. I can't really deduct points from you for that. I have a proposition. If you were going to take away one point for Mark talking about lenses, I say don't do that. But if you're gonna wait, take away two points for Mark talking about lenses Now that wouldn't be fair at all. That wouldn't be fair. It's either one or nothing. I think that's what we gotta Say. I I would disagree with that. I just don't want him to take one point away from you. So we have to spin the goddamn wheel. I, if that is what it is, then that's what fair is. But having two points, that would just be flagrant And it. It would Be Mark's, right? It should be one or three. Yeah. It's either we, we take this wheel and fairness or we don't deduct points at all. And fairness, I Think Wade's getting a wheel ready.


Oh. Oh wait. No, hold on. I do not have the wheel ready at the moment. I was counting. I thought maybe the tie breaker would be whoever submitted the most movie monsters that actually won could be the tie breaker if it was tied. But if you guys would rather have wheel Oh No. Feel free to inject your own version of not the wheel bark. How do you feel wheel or whoever had the most wins in the different categories? Well, I feel like we're not tied at all. 'cause lens talk should not be a deduction. Oh, I see. Bob, what are you? What are you? I'm just waiting to hear the resolution. We've had a little bit Of a break from lenses. I'll give mark a lens break today. You know the lens rule came into place 'cause we were hearing about them every single day.


But to permanently penalize them feels a little bit harsh. He's lost a lot of points for it over the course of the last few months. I have Year. Year. It's been a year. I think I will give him a break today. He been a year. We had a lot of good stuff. It's been Like five years, hasn't it? Feels like we've been talking about lenses since I was eight years old. Yeah. You're R 13 now. Yeah, with the family. I'm grown. Yeah. Mark, you win. Know what? You win most life talk. It was a tough well fought battle. We gave out some good awards. You two fighting to give the Xenomorph Queen a lot of different awards. I enjoyed that. Ginger Dead man I thought would come up more. Didn't, but you know. That's fair. He won his category and that's where he belongs. He did. Bob, do you have a losers speech?


Oh, in my head I won because in my head I follow the rules and we have rules and they mean nothing. But we do have them. So in my head I follow them. Congratulations to me. The true winner of today's episode. Thank you. Wait, clap. That means he, he endorses me as the winner. I'll just say that's true. Mark, do you have a winner speech? I humbly accept this as humbly as I can, which is not very humbly 'cause of how great I am. I love myself and I love my ham. Go, go team. Beat the Rams. Hey, you do know stuff about sports. Do all non Rams fans. There you have it. If you haven't already, make sure you go follow Mark at Mark ply.


Bob at mere Me at million seven. Seven or Lord million seven. Seven seven. Mark will be hosted the next episode. Appreciate you. Hope y'all have a good fun Halloween though. I think we'll have more episodes before then. I don't know what day it is. It could be the end of October right now or the beginning. I have no idea the concept of time. We have merch Distractible store.com and I guess we'll see you in the next one. Until then, I'm guest.