
What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, a goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling, we have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard, up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus, they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible Offer is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made.


Why? This is an ad by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. And that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session and pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, making therapy more affordable and easier to fit into your life. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better. Help connects you with licensed professionals who can help with everything from anxiety to everyday stress at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it, and now it's within reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/stooges.


Good evening, gentle listener and watchers, and welcome to Distractable. This episode Maze like Mark leads a terrible trio into catastrophic conundrums. Bragging Bob builds for his boy plays in pizza, grease scary, gets zapped and squashed with escapes via estuary Birthday boy, white Whiskered Wade Fox's formula a family survives sex and is victorious over Venus from calamus cams to malevolent meteors. Yes, it's time for, nah, I'd win part three.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Are you All right there, bud? Oh, did I click record too soon? Oh, no, no, it's fine. I dunno why this one is so hard for me to contextualize in my head. Is it math? Is it two sentences long? No, it's not math. What's it? Two, wait. Hey, shut up. This is the best creative process I've ever gotten to Witness Live. Oh, okay. All right. Okay. All right. Okay, I got it. Were you making fun of me? No, I thought we were doing a bit to start the episode. I was trying to participate.


No, no. I was, yes, ending. Oh, I see. All right. All right. Well, I, I have it. Hi. Welcome to Distractible. I have an idea for this episode, and I was thinking very hard about it, And it only came to me right after the last episode that we've recorded. And then I was like, Ooh, that's good. And then I was like, oh, I got it. And then I was like, oh, there's something wrong with it. Ah. And then I had to go think about it, and now I'm still, and now I'm completely unsure if this idea is going to work at all. But hey, that's a problem for Future Me. In about 15 minutes, I'm either gonna have something or not have something. But in that interim, might be the only valuable part of this episode.


So we're gonna make It a good one. What episode? This is The name of the episode, man. I am brimming with confidence. And you know who else is brimming with Confidence? These two gentlemen right here. Bob Wade. Wade. Hey, how's it going? Yeah, what's up? How's it going? I'm already having a good time. I love this. It was a great episode, mark. Thank you. I'm Just so sorry that the viewers, the listeners, have had to miss out on watching Mark's creative process. And this will be the first time we do a cold open for a Distractible episode. Yeah. Maybe four minutes Of thinking This. If you, if you didn't know, this is how I come up with all the plot points to like heist in space.


It is just me going Try to work it through. Well, you start off by beating yourself repeatedly on the head and then came the, It's, it's, it's, it's all going very good over here at Distractible hq. But how good is it? These gentlemen are gonna tell me, how good is your lives going today, Guys? My woodworking journey, that was a bad whistle, but it's, it is going well. Better than that. Whistle implies I have legs of a ta. I'm building a table for James. Did you guys ever covet when you were kids? Like those train activity tables where you built the, the little wood Rio wood train on it?


I'm building one for James, and I have almost all of my wood milled down and cut down to size. And I got pocket holes. I'm doing pocket holes, guys. I got a pocket hole jig. So I drilled a bunch of pocket holes. All I need now is plywood, but I don't have a car. You can fit sheets of plywood in. I said I don't have a cool truck like Mark does. So I have to go somewhere and trust the people who work at the store to cut my plywood down to size for me, which is not a thing I really trust them to do. But I'm sure it'll be fine. But then once I have that table, I also have some little cutoffs of hardwood. I'm gonna make, get this a napkin holder. Mm. I like napkins. I use 'em when I make the napkin holder. I can bring it here and show it on camera.


It's Like the restaurant ones where you have napkins on both sides. Or is it fancy? So pull napkins from one side, Or it's not a dispenser. It's like a, it's like a holder. You just set napkins. That makes more sense. It's not like an industrial restaurant thing. It's like a home thing. So I was Picturing that. I was like, how do you make that outta wood? But a holder makes more sense. 'cause that, Yeah, it's like a thing. Yeah. Bye Mike. I just barely touched it. Apparently. That's a little loose on my mic holder. It just straight up died. But a gunshot sounded editor. It's just like, ah. Anyway, I forgot to mention this last episode, but by the time these two episodes come out, my birthday will have passed.


Happy birthday. Yay. Thank you. Happy Birthday. I don't wanna date the episode too much, but it's not quite my birthday. Just close. Technically we'll be together at least one more time before then, but like by the time this episode comes out, it's, it's still pretty fresh. But yeah, getting older. We should do, is that our episode getting older? Probably. That's why Mark was so stressed about it. I don't know. Okay. Do you guys have this thing where like, I don't know if you care about your birthdays? Not at all. I don't really care about my birthday, but everyone makes such a big deal about birthdays. My family's all like, well, you gotta do something. What do you want? What do you want for your birthday? It's like not nothing. You can do a meal or something, I guess. No, no. You have to open a present on your birthday. You have to have dinner on your birthday. You have to do this on your birthday. And it's like, I kind of just want it to be a day that exists goes by and not really focus on the fact that I'm no longer a young buck in my prime.


So it's not, that's not just like you don't care about your birthday. You don't like your birthday, huh? I don't hate It. I just don't care to make a big thing about it anymore because I feel like it's not that big of a deal. And how old will you be? 56. We're the same age dude. I don't know. You might be younger. I'm like a month and a half older than you. You might be younger. I'm saying you might be younger. I'll be 30, 36. I can't figure it's 2025. I was like, oh, I'll be thirty five, twenty, twenty four. Well, happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. I like how I'm, my God, it's not really that big of a deal, but I made my small talk about my birthday, therefore contradicting myself. You just make sure that everyone knows that that's coming just so that nobody forgets. Yeah. Yeah. Don't forget it.


But like, don't make a big thing about it, but like, I don't want you to not think of me. I'll send you flowers. It'll be low key as long As it's not Thor flowers. What flowers? Because you're sending them low key Marvel jokes. Are those still relevant? Yeah. Not to me. Okay. All right. Well, I didn't give a point for it, but I thought it was at least a little bit Relevant. Not, not that relevant. Yeah, not that relevant. Anything Else Lexi's doing? Okay, but she has an infection. Are Those scarier right now than usual? Or is it like Probably fine. It's not, she doesn't have any immunocompromised issues or anything. It's just she, her incision has a infection, which is tough on dogs. 'cause we've had like the donut on, so she can't lick it and stuff. But she's doing okay.


But it's fucking annoying because I can't get them to gimme your goddamn medicine. They prescribed her antibiotics, but they sent it to just like to CVS, which I don't know, I never occurred to me. But the vet was like, do you want us to send it to a pharmacy near you guys? And I was like, I don't know if we have any veterinary pharmacies. And they're like, I just a CVS or whatever. Like it's the, I was like, you can do that. Oh my God. But it turns out CVS doesn't give a fuck about dogs. So it's been two straight days of me trying to get her medicine and failing so far, but I should have it tomorrow. You show up for the medicine, they're like, you don't look like Lexi. Are you sure you're Lexi? Yeah. Well that was a whole part of the thing is they sent the info and this and the pharmacy was like, we don't know this person.


'cause they sent it for Lexi Makins. And I was like, it's a dog. That's my dog. And they were like a dog? No, we have a prescription for an a child named Lexi Makins. Is that? I'm like, no, it's a dog. It's my dog. This is why I thought it wouldn't come here. 'cause it's confusing for you people. Anyway, American healthcare sucks even when it's for dogs. So I laugh, but inside I cry. I, I don't even wanna talk about it, but I'm still in the throes of my, I talked about I needed prior authorization for my diabetes treatments. Still not settled. I have about two weeks supply right now of what I need. And I'm not sure where my next ones are coming from because I have a prior authorization. But somehow that's not enough.


You Need a poster authorization as well. Prior auth, aduring auth, and a post auth. You actually need to get the post authorization from a coroner, but you have to know which coroner is gonna c intake your dead body when you die. So you have to go from your future coroner and you're committed to that coroner once you get a post auth. Do you Think people that make coffins have extra wood scraps you could use to make things? Mm. Not the salespeople, but the factories maybe. But a lot of factories, their off cuts are all bundled up and sent specific places. So I guess I'm thinking of very specific old, like bored caskets, whereas they're not really like that at funeral homes. You mean like old pine boxes?


Like it's the wild wild west out here. No, I don't think that's how they do it anymore. I Don't think I've ever seen anyone buried in a coffin like that anymore. I know an expression about a coffin of having a, Something about pine something something. Yeah. Yeah, something like that. I remember it so vividly like it was yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. I'm gonna fit in with a new pair of pine shoes. Oh, you're referencing the old phrases. I see you're Gonna be sleeping with the Squirrels pine shoes. I Dunno. Pine overcoat. Pine overcoat is the coffin Pine overcoat. That was it.


This episode is brought to you by the Disney plus Hulu Max bundle with plans starting at just 1699 a month. Stream the latest seasons of the last of us on max and or on Disney plus and the final season of the Handmaid's Tale on Hulu. All of these and more streaming soon terms apply. Visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for more details.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment, sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon one, medical healthcare just got less painful.


This episode is brought to you by Walmart. I'm a busy guy. I don't have time to grocery shop. I'm always busy. But more importantly, I'm very lazy. I like to have things delivered because it's convenient meat. What else people buy? You can choose the date and the time you, you never feel more Powerful. Walmart subscriptions, Groceries and essentials delivered on repeat. Welcome to your Walmart shipping delivery and minimum order fees may apply. Eligible items, only terms apply.


All right, it's time for the idea. I'm excited. I hope you are. I just wanna know what it is at this point. There's been a lot of buildup. A lot of buildup for something that I've been trying to, and imagine how it's gonna go. And I think I just gotta trust in you guys for this. Okay. Hey, everyone listening and or watching. Remember when I said that idea? It wouldn't work. It didn't, But I've got an even better one for you. It's not win part three. Yeah. Woo. And the title just changed.


So you didn't know that up until this moment? Yeah. So we're actually gonna change the title 20 minutes into the release of the episode. Make everyone feel crazy, right? But you're not crazy except you are. And for everyone at home, the way this works is these guys are brimming with confidence. They can surmount every insurmountable obstacle in their path. If there's a wall, they're going right through it. In fact, man versus wall would probably be one of those. I have a similar one here, but it's not gonna be first, but damn it, they'd win. No matter the matchup, no matter what kind of logic or science or physics gets in the way of them claiming victory or surviving whatever is coming their way, they'd win.


And they're gonna tell me exactly how that's gonna happen. And I'm gonna remember to actually get up a, a d 20. So they're going to present an option. I'm, I'm gonna paint the scenario of what's happening, what the objective is, what the enemy they're up against. And they are going to tell me an action, a single action that they will do to try to overcome that obstacle. Each action that I deem advantageous, actually advantageous gets them a bonus point on their role. They have to get 20 to overcome this obstacle, but every bonus action that stacks the odds in their favor will give them a bonus towards their role. So whatever they roll, they get one more. If they get one good action, two, three, it goes up from there.


I have and will not give points if the action very clearly isn't going to help them. But I encourage them to try whatever they want to try now in an invisible coin toss. That was extremely fair. And no one saw Wade won a coin toss. Yes. So Wade's gonna go first. Alright Wade, you are an ant. Okay? A weird particle of dust landed on your head from the ooc cord's, unilateral mushroom. If you don't know what that is, it's the mushroom that is going to take over your brain and turn you into a zombie and force you to rise up high so that your head can explode and have other spores blast out and infect other ants around you.


In fact, cords is the main catalyst in the last of us. That's not nerdy, that's just a thing. That's true. So to be clear, our goal here is to defeat cordyceps. If You could infected, you wouldn't die. Nah. You'd win. How? All right, there I am hive mentality, going and gathering food for the ant colony. When Cord ISPs lands on my head, the first thing I do scream, get off me. All right. I guess the shaking might help. Oh, and I got the little legs trying to bat at it. Yeah. Can ants scream? Oh, we can. Bob, you think this is good action. I don't wanna set, I don't wanna set that bar too high. I know what I do in these kind of games.


Scream. Ah, damn it didn't make it got an 11. You get infected, you rise up high and your head explodes. Bob, remember, you have to recite everything he just said. Sure. Great. Oh yeah, I forgot about that part. I'm an aunt. I am out gathering food for the colony and cord steps lands on my head and I scream that doesn't do anything. And I remember that fungus goes on pizza. God, that's the stupidest thing I've ever thought in my life. Hang on. Too late. It's too late. No, no, No. So I go to the old piece of pizza that's laying next to the anhill and I just roll around in the pizza, try to get the fungus off of me.


That might work. It's greasy and cheesy and there's tomato sauce and I don't know. I'll Give you that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. So that's another point. So there's plus two. Now I gotta actually remember this. So, and oh, so close. You got a 17 plus two is a 19. No, you were right there. Ah, almost got it with the pizza, but it was a dry, old crusty pizza. Dust didn't come off your head explodes. Why did think of pizza? Damnit. I love the pizza idea. All right. Yeah, it's a good idea. It's a good idea. You're right, Wade. There I am at Ants gathering food for the colony.


Got hive mentality quarters, dust lands on my head. Ah, still there. What do I think? Fungus. Fungus goes on pizza. I go, I find a piece of pizza. I'm rolling around hoping the cheese will yank the fungus off, but it doesn't. Luckily for me, the cheese sticks to my head. So I go into the colony hoping the other ants will eat it off Your Head. Or the Cordyceps covered in cheese. Wouldn't that just infect the whole colony? If it doesn't work, Hey, if you can't beat them, infect everyone else. That's what I always say. I don't know if I can give that one a bonus point. In fact, I kind of wanna subtract a survival point here.


I feel like you disguising the spore with your cheese hat and trying to like go back into the colony. Hey, this is about my survival, not the colony. You didn't say which side we were on. I I I don't think I'm gonna give a bonus point for that unless Bob thinks otherwise. It's about saving us the ant. Bob, I think you're probably right, mark. I don't know. All right. It's still, still. I mean, even if you, even if somehow that saves you, if you destroy your entire colony, it's not like you survive that as an ant. If if they eat it off and kill it, I'm fine. How Would they kill it? By eating it. That's how they would get infected. Digestion Did. So did we lose a point for that? Or I won't deduct a point, but I'm not giving you one.


Fuck Nat 20. Holy shit. No, That's right, bitch. Good lord. Destiny Herself Has spoken on my behalf. Not even joking. It's Nat 20. I could share my screen Doubt you would lie about that. It is just straight up Nat 20 somehow going into the colony and having them eat the cheese. It saved you for sure. I don't think the rest of the colony survives, though. I call that not my problem. All right, well that was a great matchup. A short, but not bad. All right, Bob, you're gonna go first. All right. You, you, you find yourself in some tight enclosed space as your consciousness awakens.


You're cramped, you're trapped. You need to be free. So you ah, poke with your tiny little sort of beak out. And then you, you put your flippers all kind of, ah, there's a bright light behind you. And then there's kind of a moon shaped thing over where, where you kind of hear a little bit of water. You also, birds are around and everything is terrible. And there's cars rushing by on the, the, the road that just so happens to be nearby. You are a baby sea turtle that just hatched and you gotta get to the ocean. Everything's killing you. The light, the road, the cars, the predators, everything is out to get you. How would you win? Am I fully out of the egg or am I just erupting from the egg?


Let's say you're half out your, your upper half is out Because obviously the first step is get myself fully out of the egg, get all the egg goop off of me and aim towards the water sound. Okay? All right. You try that. That's a plus one for sure. Nope. You get 13 plus one is 14. You get swooped up by a seagull instantly dead. All right, Wade. I open my eyes, I see the light, I get myself the rest of the way out of the egg. I hear the water. I start to go that way and I realize I need to stealth. I dip my head back in the egg, get a little bit of goop to put some stealth paint on my face, and then I make my way in.


Sure. Plus one, I'll take it. Did that work? Nope. 12 plus two 14. You, the time you took to put it on your face, another seagull just swooped up right behind you, man. If only We were old enough to have established brains. Nope, Bob, I erupt out of the egg. I take my time, I get myself all outta the egg. I hear the ocean sounds and I look that way and I start walking and I realize I need to be disguised. So I go back to my egg and I camouflage my face with egg goop for some reason. And I realize going towards the water is what they want me to do. So I go the opposite direction from where I hear the ocean noises as fast as I can.


I Don't know if that's a bit of, in my science class, I've learned that that might be bad. But I like where you're going with it. I'm a maverick. All the other sea turtles are sprinting towards the ocean and they're still dying. Clearly. I'll give you a plus one on that. I'll give you, I'll give it to you. Did it work? B two plus three That's not great, Is a five. It turns out going the wrong way, not great. Dead crushed by a car, instantly smooshed Wade, I hatch out of the egg, I am alive and I hear the water. So I mar start making my way toward it before I realize I should probably have a disguise dunk my face back in the egg to stealth up.


And I think to myself, all the other idiots are going that way. What if I think outside the shell? I turn around, I start going the other way, and I find this weird, stinky white kind of gray pile and I flip over and roll in it thinking if I cover myself in bird shit, no one will want to eat me. My face is covered in goop, my shell's covered in shit. I will survive. Alright, I'll give it to you. Plus four. Ooh, 14 plus four is 18. Close, but not quite. A lot of delaying does not seem to be helping you. Delaying What? I'm already going the wrong way, man. All right. Fair enough. Bob. I am born.


I come out of the egg, I get all the shell off of me. I start towards the water sound. I realize I need disguise. I go back to the egg. I dip my face in the egg. I get the disguise. I decide I'm gonna be a maverick. Everyone else is going towards the water. I go away from the water. I come across a mysterious pile of white stuff. I suddenly realize it's bird shit. Obviously I need to roll around in that. So I do. My shell is now very, very slippery. I look to my right and there is a steep hill down into a small stream of rushing water. It's a, it's a, it's an estuary connecting the inland, oceanic waters to the beach, all the rushing out towards the ocean. And I just, and I try and like slide down the hill into the water to escape.


All right? Yeah. Plus one. I'll give that to you. Did it work? Oh, 18 plus 5 23. The Estuary. What is that? I don't think estuary is the right word. No, you're absolutely right. A partially enclosed body of water where rivers meet the ocean, mixing fresh water with salt water. Oh, oh. All right. Bob is a maverick turtle. Congratulations, Bob. You made it into the ocean. There's more threats in the ocean, but you made it to the ocean. No, I'm fine. Once you're in the ocean safe. Nah, I'd win. Nah, I'd live. All right, Wade, you feeling a little something? A little something something little something, something something. You look across the leaf here on and you see the most beautiful lady praying mantis you've ever seen in your life.


You, my friend, are getting lucky tonight. Nothing bad Ever happens to a praying mantis when that happens. Except It bites your head off. For those that dunno, when male praying mantis is mate with the female, they then get their head eaten by the female, but not you. Wait, how would you win in this scenario? I show up to my date with this female praying mantis, and I am ready to go. I broke my neck, so I'm wearing a nice little wooden neck brace. So that way when we get done, the only thing I have on is exactly the protection I need. God, I hope that's a gnat 20. I love the prep time.


I really like it. That's great. All right. Did it work? Fucking hell. Holy shit. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? No. What the fuck? Great scenario, mark. Holy shit. All right, Wade got a nat 20. If people didn't guess from that, holy Shit. Hey, praying mantis is out there. All you gotta do is fake a neck injury. It'll stick around Longer. Wow. The wooden condom really, really did you right? Hey, Protection is always the answer, everyone. Bob, you didn't even get a chance to get laid that, That means I survived.


I don't know. That's true, man. I'm burning through my scenarios. All right, so here we go. It's okay. Well, I need to catch one good one for it to take the entire rest of the episode. All right, Bob. It's night. It's dark. Can't see a thing. You just minding your own business fla. What? What is that? There's some kind of weird bright blue light over there. It's so captivating and it's got this weird buzz to it, but that just makes it more appealing. You being a moth it. Well, it's only until you get close enough that you realize you're on a collision course with a bug zapper.


Now, in this scenario, not only are you can't just fly away, you gotta stop this bug zapper so that none of them, none of your people ever. 'cause as you get closer, you witness one after another, after another of your friends, family, brothers, sisters, even some people that you work out of the same moth office with, that you don't really like, they get burnt to a crisp right before your eyes. You need to stop this. It's up to you and you alone. Okay? I'm laugh left. I'm a moth. I see the bug zapper. I'm drawn to it. I'm on a collision course with it. And a last ditch effort to break the trance it has over me and save myself so I can continue to fight this fight. I wrap my wings around myself and hug my ass.


Goodbye. But in doing so, I cover my own eyes and break the trans, the thing the blue light has over me. Yeah, that's good. That's good. I'll give you a point for that. All right. Did it work? Huh? 24. Oh, come on. You aerodynamically fold your wings in so that you actually increase your speed and you kind of like meteor straight into the, like right between the wires, straight into the actual light itself. The, the, the most electrified area. At least it's quick. No luck there, wade. The light. It's so beautiful. I can't look away. I fly toward the bug zapper. Then at the last possible moment, I realize I need to cover my eyes.


I fold my wings and over myself and begin to plummet. I plummet and plummet and plummet. And then, oh no, I'm gonna split. Oh, I'm fine because I'm so light. I didn't do anything useful there. I just fell. Alright. No points for that. But yeah, you're Right. Was that helpful? No, I just really wanted to land, you know? Come on, twin. You land the bug zapper explodes for no apparent reason. Scenario over All right, here, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna share my screen preemptively so that we just know if this does happen, I don't know, go.


Ah, ah, it's so close there. It's an 11 damnit plus one because you didn't get a bonus point, but you had 12. I can't believe hitting the ground wasn't a bonus point. Turns out the bug zapper it detached. That moment crashed down right on top of you. The odds, Bob, it falling is not in your reality. That's just for his Reality. Okay. No, I got it. I got it, I got it. I am flat flap flapping and oh, the blue light is so beautiful and I start flying towards it. At the last moment, I realized I need to close my eyes. I need to break the light of sight, and I wrap my wings around myself and I just barely missed the bottom edge of the bug zapper. And I plummet and I plummet. And then I realize, oh fuck, I'm falling.


But, and I, eh, and land delicately, and I've landed delicately on the fly rink of Gary, the night watchman who sits beneath the bug zapper. It's there to protect him from bugs. Do I get to keep going? This is a kind of a long step. I just realized I have A couple more things I was hoping to accomplish for that. I don't wanna, I don't wanna overdo it. I don't know. I wanted to accomplish More than fallen too, man. I have gotten his attention. Alright, cool. He knows I'm there. That's fair. Alright, I think this could work in your favor. I'm going to give you one because I think I know where this is going.


So there's two points right now. Oh, 17 oh oh oh so close. If only I'd earned a point for You. Yeah. Imagine if you'd done anything at all aside from describing what I did in slightly more detail. I think it's a strategy. He's really playing the, the smart game, the third episode. We know how to really play it. But no, that did not work. But you did grab his attention. He ended up just, Yeah, I was afraid of that. Did you Fly to his head or did you land on his head? I, that's the thing we landed on after plummeting. Okay. All right. Wait. The light is so Beautiful.


I fly toward it. I can't help myself until the last possible second. I close my wings around my face blocking the light, and I fall. I fall, I plummet until I land on the fly rink of one. Gary, Gary feeling something on his head immediately goes to reach up and swat at it. But I'm right below the bug zapper. What if he hits it? What if he knocks it off? What if, what if, what are you doing about it? Watching Gary Swing Not actually Technically doing anything. Fuck man. Wade really likes not doing anything this round. I'm rubbing his head to add extra itchiness.


Wade's entire action could be described as Very moth. Like, very good, man. I really went downhill from that. Net 20. Let's see if it works. If that fucking works. Not, it did not work. 14 plus two 16. Again, he notices his hand as you watch it, you're like, oh, wow. He might hit it. Wow. That's getting closer, huh? That's really Bob. I'll do better. I got this, man. I'm, I'm gonna lock in. I'm Lock in. If it's not a bit or a strategy you're doing on purpose, it's very impressive. Thank you.


I'm locking it. I'm locking in. All right. He is locked in. All right, Bob. All right. I'm mopping around. Oh, the light is so beautiful. I fly straight towards it until the last possible moment when I cover my eyes with my wings and I start to dive and I just missed the bug zapper, and I dive straight down landing on the fly rink of one. Gary. Gary notices me land on his fly rink and I do something. I'll tell you what in a second. I just wanna make it clear. I'm doing a thing. I'm not just standing there waiting to see Gary starts to swat at me. And I do that thing that moths do where I start flying, but I start flying right into his forehead in the same spot repeatedly.


Even though I could clearly fly in any other direction. But my goal is to get him to start swatting wildly and hope that he knocks off the bug zapper and destroys it. And I did something that time. Alright, this is great. You're, you're dodging, you're weaving multiple slaps. Let's see if that goes well for you. Get a bonus point. It's plus three now. 18. Oh, God's wait, wait. No, that's good. Yeah. Plus three. Yeah. You did it. Yes. Congratulations, Bob. You actually did something, doing something works. And by doing something he flailed twice, three times. And on the fourth his hand connects with the bug zapper.


He gets electrocuted right as you just so happened to leap off of his forehead. So you don't also get, you see his skeleton light up. No, this is my family. My kids, no, but then boom. Hi him and the whole thing. Just explode. Your moth brethren saved forever. I fly away like the guy from CSI Miami and I don't even look back at the cool explosion. That's incredible. And then they play that who song. Wow. Yeah, that one. I see. I see. Don't Copyright. Strike that. I know it's really good. I really want to say, I want to thank Bob for doing anything, carrying a little bit that round my contributions, I think aided in your creativity.


You're welcome. Sure. But my actions, I think speak for themselves. We'll see how this dex round goes for you. I'm curious and excited That 20. Okay, Wade, once again, we're visiting bug land. All right. Channel your inner bug. I was a great mantis. Great mantis. We Have done a fly matchup before. You are actually the same fly that killed that frog. The fly who lift? You Got a little lightning bolt. Oh yeah, that's true. You got a lightning bolt. Remember that detail? It's very important. Alright. You're actually distant cousins with the moth who lived also. So legends, you know, a lineage of legends here.


And on your victory lap, you notice, oh, there's such a sweet delectable scent in the air. Hmm. It's down there from that plant. It's so open and ready for me, And it smells so succulent and sweet. You deserve a tasty, delicious treat while you are doing your victory lap. You land on it. So you're already on it when you realize you are in a venous fly trap. Quite the scenario I'm in. I am the fly who lived. I have the scar on my forehead to show it. My cousin moth has tried to one up me, but I know that the legend of me will be larger than any moth.


So I knew what I was flying toward. I knew it was in this area. The Venus fly trap. I flew down, I landed on it. I Have to say all this. Yeah, my bad. I was just telling The story. Don't worry, there's An action coming the walk. That's okay. This is why I set up the scenarios so you didn't have to say it again, but it's part of it. All right. I was Just sitting here like, Keith, that one, he's gonna do something right?


The fly lift. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut off on your very extensive speech. Go on. I land on the Venus fly trap, but I've got my fly boots on so I can get up. Huh? What? I have my fly boots on. I slip them off and get ready Like you land and your boots stick and you slip your feet out of your boots and the boots stand behind Because this wasn't a trap for me. This was a trap For it. One of the boots have explosives in them. How was that a trap? I dunno. It's up to you, man. I took the boots off. Oh, okay. Alright, Here we go. I'll give you one. Sure. There's no way.


No, I swear to fucking God, wade. No. What in the fuck is wrong? I mean, Bob, you're saved from having to recite all that bullshit. How in the world, how, how in the fuck? How in the fuck? I wanna tell you, I play D and D every Wednesday on lost initiative. I have never had more than two twenties in a session. I don't think three out of like five scenarios. I'm, my character's gonna die next session because of this luck today. I don't know, man. It was such, oh, the setup. I like these scenarios, man. What the, I don't wanna win like this. I want Bob to do my Monologue. Well, He was the fly who lived, so I guess you know.


All right, sure. He died to my boots. Choked on your boots and died. I guess Your objective wasn't to kill the plant, it was just to survive. No, I wanted to kill the plant. I was with you, Wade. I was also working on a way to kill the plant. That Would've been fine. I would've accepted. Would've loved to see that one. Alright, fine. Whatever. I didn't roll the dice, man. Maybe roll worse on my behalf. Asshole. I have one more. I have one more. I have a strategy, Wade. I think it's gonna keep us in this one for a while. I'm gonna do stuff good and monologue less. Okay.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does fine jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion, everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship, and responsible sourcing in mind. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look. Shop online@missouri.com or in store today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


All right. Okay, Bob, you're Bob. Okay, Just Bob. Bob is out on the top of a hill in the middle of a park. Lovely, beautiful day. Sun is shining. Birds are mysteriously silent. There's a strange air rushing kind of down. That's odd. It's getting brighter too. That's even stranger. You look up and you see what looks to be like a second sun that's getting really big really fast. Oh shit. It's a meteor and it's heading directly towards you. You're on top of a hill in the middle of a park, meteor's coming down on you. How do you do this? Alright, I have a strategy.


Everyone just needs to come along with me. I'm trying to make this scenario play out for as long as possible. Okay? I tell Mark the roll wars, man. I look up, realize what's happening. The meteor is coming. I say a little prayer, and thank you to the universe for offering me this opportunity. I strip off all my clothes and assume the position that puts my anus aimed right up at the meteor, fully exposed, and I get the most glorious butthole sun I've ever gotten in my life, because I'm gonna need all the strength I can gather for what comes next. You think of Superman's, sun is butthole.


He would get even more power from the sun. Dude, Can you imagine? I can't. That's why he wears a spandex. I don't know if I was obvious enough, but my strategy is to get negative points so that we can't, literally can't win it off the bat. You definitely don't get a point. I'm not sure if it gives you negative, because I Basically surrendered to the meteor. Well, what if the meteor has like super empowering ra? It probably doesn't. What if it's a horny meteor and you just turn it on? So a smaller point makes contact with the planet. Yeah, That's just gonna come faster. All right. You want lose a point? You lose a point minus one. Boo. Good. All right, here we go. I'm, I'm sharing my screen for the roll again, because if it's just a 20 again, but I got a minus one.


Oh, you're right. There's no way to win. You are totally right. There's No way this wins it. Ha. Come on. Well, else A zero bomb, A nat one. Oh, okay. Sick. A mythical zero. I can't believe that I the dumbest fucking, oh my God. Great comedic timing on these dice. I gotta say. Yeah, it turns on the meteor. It's a sentient meteor, kinda like that in guardians of Galaxy. The planet was alive, this meteor's alive. And boy, howdy.


Is it aroused. It actually gets erect. So it gets longer and harder and just entirely direct. Hit on your butt hole, obliterating you and the planet. But more importantly, you. I'm picturing some beautiful fan art of this. Well, it's not me, it's just Bob. No, No, not you. Just Bob. Yeah, Wade. Now you're also on the hill. I'm on the hill. I look up to the night sky. See the meteor Night sky? It's definitely daytime, but go ahead. Oh, it looks so dark where the meteor is. I said it was getting brighter and there it's like, there are two suns, but It's so bright. I take off my sunglasses and remember I had them on.


I get on the hill. It's so fucking bright. I say a little prayer. I stripped down butt naked. I assume the position. I aim my butt hole at the double sun, hoping to get my butt hole tan all the while I've got my can of beans. And I began feasting, preparing for what comes next. The old Futurama defense. I see. Never seen it. It's not exactly the same, but there's an episode of Futurama where all the robots fart in the same direction to push the planet further from the sun to prevent global warming. It's like the Simpsons. It's like Futurama did it first. It's not the same situation, but yeah, it's, it's similar. It's similar. All right, I'll give you plus one now.


It's actually possible to win. No, no, Wait, no, it's fine. I forgot. I forgot it was a 19, but it's, it's actually plus zero. Oh, okay. So that's still a 19. My strategy saved us. Holy shit. I thought he, okay. We're good. We're good. I didn't wanna win like this. The beans didn't work. God damnit. All right. So no, it didn't work. You eat beans, but you're digesting. 'cause you're upside down is slower. It doesn't go down. So no gas. Bam. Still aroused. Boom. All right, so Bob's due to roll of two next. All right, I'm on the hill wearing my very, very dark sunglasses.


I look up and I see a black hole coming. Wait, I take my sunglasses off. Oh, it's, it's so bright. Oh God. I put on my normal sunglasses so I can see, but I can tell that it's light outside. I say a little prayer when I realize it's a meteor coming right at me. And then I strip off all my clothes and get into the position and end my butt hole up at the sun. And then I start eating my can of beans. I call them my celebration beans. And when I'm done eating the beans, I remember my friend Mark is a little bit of a conspiracy theorist and a little bit of a prepper. And maybe he's got a solution for this problem. So while I'm still getting some great butthole sun, I call Mark and I say, mark Meteor, launch it just to see if he has anything queued up for this.


I love it. That's great. Okay, let's launch this dice 15. Did I gain a, did I gain a point for that or you Did? Yeah. It's plus one now total of plus one 16. Ah, he does know what you're saying. And he, I am prepped and I am, I'm scrambled for it, but I don't make it in time. You're just shouting. Launch it Now now. And I'm like, I can't find the key. Ah, shit. Ah, I always misplaced that shit. Mark's swimming through a room full of servers and 3D printer's. Like, where's this throwing? Oh, the goddamn launch. Oh no, He's got his Russia prep. His aliens prep. His moonman prep.


Where's the meteor prep? Dammit. All right. But it doesn't work. Plows into your butt hole. Once again, just annihilated. Annihilated your butt hole. And also the planet, Wade. I'm on the hill. It's very dark. I realize I've got my dark sunglasses on. I look up a black hole. Wait, nope. Swap sunglasses to my normal ones. It's actually very fucking bright. I say a little prayer, knowing now it's a meteor coming to destroy us all. I stripped down, I bend over. I assume the position. I start eating my beans while eating my beans. I realize, oh, mark, I'll call him up. Mark, I'm gonna say you. I'm eating my beans, mark.


No, nothing happens immediately. So I keep You're going. You're going back to the fart. You're trying fart part two. I've been eating pains. I'm still eating pains. I Rip one. He's really sticking to his guns. I feel like we're doing, we're wandering dangerously close back to Wade's. Not doing anything again. Look, look man, you didn't say they were they? I heard they were celebration beans. I have not heard anything about these being magical beans. Super powerful government beans. No, They're just beans. Oh, I'm a meteor prepper too. These bowels have been preparing for years on my diet of chicken wings and beans.


Man, I wish you'd have said that in your action. No, I'm not giving you a point for a fart. I Don't need one. Watch this. It's gonna, it's gonna do it. Well, I think we all know it's gonna be a nat 20 again. Ha one. How? How Appropriate. All right, so plus one means two, you, one, you poop a little. So that is slams right into you. Damn it. Old age. All right, Bob, you're up. All right. I'm on the hill wearing my stupid sunglasses. I look up black hole switch sunglasses. Oh no. Meteor. I say a prayer. I get naked.


I assume the position and aim my butt hole up at the sun. Never felt better. Then celebration beans. I started my celebration beans. I stopped my face. I realized, fuck Mark, you pepper you ahead. I called Mark. I was like me or, oh, wait, join I up a little bit. I'm like, wait a minute. I was the president's number. So I call the White House and I say, Hey guys, there's a meteor coming. Do we have anything for this?


Now I hope that the White House has something to save us. I thought you said Wayne's house. You said the White House and your mouth Was Full. Yeah, white House. I have the, I have the White House. I have the President's number. Oh, I understood everything perfectly. Everything. And everyone at home did also Jesus Christ. Plus one point ha nine. You got plus two. That's 11. Not quite, not bad. They also are like, oh, where did I put those keys? Ah, swimming through all their documents in their bathrooms. And ah, throw open in the curtain to the Declaration of Independence. Is it here?


No. Close it up again. Nope. Turns out they accidentally fired. The only three people in the government that know how that system works and they can't get 'em Back. You're right. Yep. All right, Wade. All right. I'm on the hill. I'm wearing these really dark sunglasses. There's a black hole. Oh wait, wrong sunglasses. I swapped them over. Meteor, I bend over. I assume the position after saying a prayer. Of course. Very important. Stripped down, fully nude. I'm sitting there eating my baked beans waiting and I realize what I know God will help more. Mark's a prepper. Lemme get my phone out. I get my phone, I dial, hold on.


He small. I didn't do that. Keep going. Well, he can miss nothing. Thing happen. What else can I do? I know. I'm called the White House. They got something for this. Hey, Mr. President. So I got this. I need AJ for us down the line. What? Who's AJ for us? Ah, played by Ben Affleck in the hit movie arm again, where they took out a meteor. So I call Ben Affleck and say, you gotta fix this. Just like last time.


Oh, I farted at one point too. Peanut butter is really bad for me. Are you eating peanut butter? Yeah. Oh God. Oh god. Oh, it was really sticking in there. AJ Frost. Was that his name? Oh yeah. That's A character played by Ben Affleck. Everybody knows that character's name. Oh, I'll give you a plus one for sure, for sure. Fuck, we shouldn't have asked for this guys. It was a five. Only three. So eight. Shit. We're gonna be here for Fucking, Alright, We have to. Bob, can we agree to stop the food bit now? Nope. Oh fuck.


It's just, you just have to speed up. You have to speed it up. You just have to get through it. Oh, All right. Back to me. Yep. I'm on the hill. Boy. It's dark. Switch the sunglasses. A meteor say a prayer. Get naked. But whole sun feeling great. Celebration beans. Oh wait, you know what? My friend Mark, he's kind of crazy. I call Mark. I'm like, mark Meteor. What you like? Oh, how nothing happens. I keep, I, I'm like, I keep making beans and I fart and I poop on myself a little bit. I'm like, wait, the White House. I call the White House. I'm like, Hey, we the get whoa no happened.


I was like left. And I'm like, Hey, I'm not man. CK it's my job. I pull the rock on and run down the hill to the launch pad where the shovel is ready to take me up and meet the meteor in face. I'll give you a point. Oh, I hope this gets it for you guys' sake. Please fuck, Save Us.


Yeah, you started this. Fuck, 14 plus four. So close. I feel like I should stop this 'cause I worry about you guys choking. It's Gonna get close. I didn't choke. I just have a really weak gag reflex. It just got me a little bit tickled the roof of my mouth. I'm fine. Gotcha. All right, Wade. I'm on a hill. I'm wearing my dark sunglasses. I look up black hole, no wait, swap sunglasses. Ah, meteor, meteor. I say a little prayer. I stripped down, buck naked, bend over, aim my ass at the sun, knowing at least this will get some good back. Black butt hole. Sunning is the phrase I start eating my beans and then I realized, Hey, Mark's the prepper.


Rest a market Call. Call Mark. Hey Meteor. Here, watch it. Mark watches completely. Message, I'm still eating beans. I let one rip. Nah, it's a little pool coming out. Call what house? Why Brother Meteor do something White House. What? Doesn't know what happened. I'm like, okay, I better call AJ Frost. Mr. Frost, we near you. I gotta go back to the zoo. I'm need play athlete. Fuck Hill. Oh shit. This down the hill. I have my face. So I made my way down the hill. I got my, I I brought my fucking everywhere.


Alright Man. He flies up in the, in the stru. Gets out with the chainsaw And it is gonna chainsaw it in half, right? Is that the idea? Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. I didn't hear a thing from shuttle to chainsaw, but, All right. No, I was with him. I got I got that one. I got that one. I'll Give you one. And we're at plus five, please. Six. Fuck. 11. Back To you in the studio, Bob. Alright, I'm on the hill. Dark sunglasses, meteor prayer. Naked butthole things. Time eating beans. Games don't work. Oh, mark, mark Whi. Oh, nothing happened on White House and we, nothing happened.


We're AJ Frost. We're wi we run outta nothing happened. Saw get outta the and nothing happened. More beans, more wing. No. Whoa. Gun as hard as I can anything. Oh my God. How did I just get spit on my glasses? What is happening? Does That count as a plus one now or is it still a plus zero? I'm, I'm giving him a plus one. 'cause he's right up against it. It's gotta do something right, right In the chainsaw hole.


And I've eaten so many beans at that point. We really have. Oh man. No, Not like This. It's a 13. You're at plus six. No, I gotta go back to the peanut butter now. You don't, you don't have to do, you can't stop doing the bit You did It. You know? So I can't Wait as fast as you possibly can. Wait as fast as you possibly can. Shorten it, shorten it. Condense. Let's go. I'm On the hill wearing the dark sunglasses. Black hole. Nope. Switch sunglasses. It's light. Oh, I'm meteor here. So I grabbed my beans. No, I, same prayer. I stripped down as soon the position I'm, I'm my boom mark. Look Pepper. Hell fire Memphis.


Oh on. Comes out White House. Boom. Help.


How many Have you eaten in the last 10 minutes? I had two full packs and this is all Mark comes through. This sounds fake. I rolled it. It was a 13 before it rolled and did a 13 again. And with plus seven, you do it. I found it. I launched my prepper missile. I blasted outta the sky. You jumped and the beans finally kicked in. You farted to slow your descent back to earth. You lived. All right. That's it. It's done. I'm gonna give you the meteor point, but holy shit.


I almost died. Did you? Almost died. We almost died. Bob, What were you putting in your mouth this whole time? I have sugar free Jolly Ranchers. I had a whole bag of them. I ended up putting all of these into my mouth all at once at the last one there. But you spat 'em out. It was so they were the Wrapper. Yeah. I kept putting them in and spitting 'em out except for I have one in, but now they're all just wet. I, I ate mine. Yeah. I wouldn't have done that. All right, well done guys. I, we got what we asked for, which is that last one lasted longer than all the other ones combined, I think. But it went places that I am, so I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. This is truly one Where the listeners win because if you, you watched Bob and I with all that shit spewing out of our mouths, it wasn't pleasant.


Alright, I'm gonna add onto the wheel. I think drooled the most is a great addition to the wheel. I Did drool. Did you drool a lot, Wade? No, I think you drooled more. I spat out more chunks of food. Yeah, But they were dry. See if it Comes up. The amount of cookie and peanut butter absorbing my saliva, my mouth felt like the Sahara man. I do think you definitely ate more than I did. So you got that going for you. 'cause I'm actually, I only actually ate one of these. The rest of them. I'm just sitting on my desk in a wet pile. Yeah, if it lands on drool, I'll give that to you. 'cause you had all the wrappers and like saliva inducing candy. That's The most damage I've done to my microphone in a single activity in a long time. I'm gonna be finding chunks of thin Mint and doi dough, whatever the hell these things are called for weeks to come.


I think it'll be worth it. Wade. I'll read your points first. You got a birthday point. Happy birthday. Thank you. You won the ant thing by infecting everyone. You wore a wooden condom to save yourself from being eaten by your mate. Both of those Nat twenties, you got the fly. Who lived again? Nat 20 King. Here I gave you a point for It's very dark. It's very bright. AJ Frost and then the Meteor point. Bob, you worked your wood. You ha I co. I wrote this down as Wilhelm Mike 'cause I just imagined as it fell into the Wilhelm scream Post Auth maverick turtle, legendary moth slayer of the player.


What the fuck? Slayer of the Zo Boden land. Forgotten Land. Forbidden Lamp. Flair of the forbidden lamp. That was it. You got point for launch it. You got point for, is that a black hole? That made me laugh really hard. Okay, three sided die for how many spins of the wheel? Just one That does not look w look very good for me at all. I think Wade has a commanding lead. Nope, actually it is tied. Seven to seven. All of 'em saved from myself. Bob, can you pull up the the wheel and add? Oh, that's Right. That's my job. Spin it once.


This once Said fuck the most. Oh no, I have no idea. No I don't either. Oh, That's tough. We both said it some. Yeah. Yeah. Mark, you're the ruler on this. It's either, I would say either rein or if you have a guess as to who said it the most because I, I genuinely do not know. I have no idea I've been choking on cookie for so long. I don't remember what happened prior. I feel like this game in particular is difficult to call this one because you have to repeat what the others said. We said a lot of the same stuff. Yeah, exactly. I feel like we should re-spin just because this would come down to a coin to us.


And that's not what this is about. This is about earning those points. This Is is about fairness. Yeah. No. Aw, no. Ah. Well if you're the tallest, Yeah. We decided that between me and Wade, Wade is the shortest, right? Yeah. By like a fraction of an inch. I still feel like that's not like we're basically the same height. But we did decide that previously. I Guess I do agree we're basically the same height but, But Post discretion With that. And Wade being fractionally shorter but still freakishly tall. Wade with eight points and the most Nat twenties.


If anything I've ever seen is the winner. Thank you. Oh, Speech. Speech Time. Bob, talk about your loss first. I feel like I worked really hard today. I feel like Wade has spent a lot of time actually doing nothing. Actually contributing nothing and somehow still was rewarded repeatedly for those decisions. But you know what? We built this constitutional republic to be fair and just, and I am in no position to say it is anything, but so fair is fair. Good job, Wade. All Right Wade. Winner speech. It was a good episode. It was a very fair and fun episode. The dice spoke.


The dice said what deserved to be and I would argue that of all the inaction everyone's claiming I did, inaction in and of itself is an action. Choosing to do nothing is still choosing to do. But it was fun. I don't think I'll ever have that much luck with twenties again, but I hope I do. 'cause that was funny and wild and crazy. And also if you're ever gonna escalate a bit, don't escalate one where you're putting something in you probably in any orifice. All right, you heard it here first. Take that trolley problem. Doing nothing. Still doing something. He answered it forever. Thank you everybody. So for listening in or watching this episode, hope you enjoyed it. I sure did. At points there I couldn't even breathe. So well done guys. Thank you for taking my experimental idea that didn't come through and man knocking outta the park.


Be sure to follow the podcast for more of this. Let me know what you thought of this episode on the subreddit reddit.com/r/ Distractible. One of the highest podcast subreddits out there. Think Probably top 50. It's top 1% by size, but who the hell knows what that actually means. Size Matters. Size does matter. So go check it out. Merch, never stop asking. Follow these guys. Manion. 7 7 7 M Cream Marketplace podcast. Out.