
This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery, breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken. Sauce goes on. Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for Dip only at McDonald's. This episode is brought to you by Magic. The Gathering. The worlds of final Fantasy are coming to magic.


The Gathering wield iconic spells, someon, legendary beasts and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions, and wonder that fans love. This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college, bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friends. This is just a great Cola Cola. Two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff and just long running like all the way back to my childhood.


Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the adventure, this set is for you. The Final Fantasy and Magic Gathering Crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com. This episode is brought to you by ikea. A dream study space does not have to break the bank. Ikea has so many wonderful things with their college essentials. It's easy to create a space that sets students up for success where you can get whatever you need to be at your best. Maybe have a good time, you know when you've got a minute. Ikea checks every single box on your checklist. So you could start your year in style. Visit ikea usa.com/ready for college.


Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to Shop Now. This episode of Distractible is presented by Vitamin Water. Some drinks are fun, some drinks are functional, but Vitamin Water said, why not Both. The Elevate blue raspberry actually very good. As I'm getting older, I found that I'm a raspberry guy. They also have zero sugar rehydrate pineapple passion fruit. As I'm getting older, I'm finding I'm really a pineapple guy. I'm like Wade. But with apples, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glass O Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of Glass O. Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to an distractable.


This episode Winged Fre weighed poses the food feces equation, Palm taste. P then revisits brilliance multinational. Mark loses his porn, has tech trials, reveals the Coke files, tosses off and takes Viagra bipedal above smashes mash experiments with soul anal spaces and pastoral erections from bad lag to taunting ogre. Yeah, it's time for, nah, I'd win part four. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everybody. Welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm finally today's host again. Wait, joined by my cohorts, Bob and Mark. Hello. Nice to be here. Thanks for having me. My fun. Cool. Tabs are gone. All my porn, my porn, my My points list. My points list. I'm ready to go. I don't even know why you do that. Your handwriting's unreadable anyway. Damn. I'm doing it 'cause I'm required by law. You are required by law. But I feel like the law implies that also if you can't read it, it doesn't really make a difference if you did it or not. I'm not gonna hold you to that. I just feel like you're violating the spirit of the law.


Well, you're violating the spirit of the spirit by saying that my bad handwriting means I should automatically be ineligible from hosting. I mean, I don't know if that's what he said, but I shouldn't even be on the podcast because my handwriting's so bad. Well, I mean, I'm j Maybe just work on your handwriting a little bit. I mean, can you imagine if the Constitution was written all equestrian sequestration? I don't know. Yeah, they didn't have Siri to write it for them like I do. Why in God's name do we think the second most important thing was a flight of gear? Rams. Flight Of what? 'cause it's the right to bear Arms. Oh, it's way's. Handwriting. Oh, but how is things?


How are, wouldn't you like to know? It's why I asked. I'm standing up. Look at me. Look at me. I know. I could tell 'cause you were a little bit quieter. 'cause I feel like you're slightly further from your mic when you stand up. Ooh, wow. Look at the move. I could still hear you 'cause it's wireless. I could hear you from everywhere. I tried to do the wireless, but the problem is with most of the wireless headphones that are Bluetooth based, there's like a slight delay. And then I got that pair of headphones that was like music rehearsal headphones. But the problem was, it was like this crackle in the sound. It wasn't perfect. And so I still don't, it still blows my mind that we can have wireless like VR streamed perfectly to the headset.


90 to 120 frames per second. No noticeable lag. And it's calculating all this about my environment. But getting audio to go from there to here with no lag is impossible. Apparently just too difficult. And I know that audio is just like, oh, so much data. But compared to video, Honestly I don't have like any issue with these at all. They're not Bluetooth. They're, they have a dongle and the dongle right over there. I wonder, what is it? What is it? What is it? What is It? It's, they're Logitech. It's their Lightspeed five gigahertz wireless thing. They'd never drop. I've worn these around my entire basement. I can hear, I can hear my computer upstairs if I keep them on and like go upstairs and do something.


But the, the delay in everything is not noticeable unless you're literally doing frame by frame editing and trying to like design sound, which is a thing that you, I know that you do. So that's problem. But I don't do that very much. So it works for me. Plus I can do this. Oh, he don't do it again. Again. He's showing Off. Look how big my office is. This is only half of it. See Wade, this is your fault because you wanted to hear how I was doing and look, look what's happened. He's doing great. He's doing better than both of us combined. But Mark, here's hear me out, figure out, calculate the, the time of the delay between your audio where it should be and then just set that as the delay for the video. And they'll be synced. You're, you're actually really onto something.


That is probably the way to do that. They call that the Guitar Hero Solution. But then everything, if I press play, there's that little bit of like do and then it goes, you know, that doesn't feel as, And Mark's super computer like brain registers those 250 milliseconds of of pause and he's all, oh, I thought my computer broke again. All right. I Thought I died and slipped between the universes. But look, it's it, it's noticeable and I'm willing to bet that there are other solutions. I've only bought one and usually when I try to find a solution to something, I buy five things at once. But in this one case I was like, these headphones are expensive. I don't wanna buy more than one.


I mean honestly, there's a reason that that professionals who do editing stuff don't use wireless headphones. Like I'm sure some do, but if you're really literally doing frame by frame because you're trying to play specific sound effects and you're doing that kind of stuff, it's not that much of a hardship to just be plugged in and have perfect crisp, no delay audio. Like it's not, that's Why I wear wired. Yeah, I feel like yours would never be charged. So you would have a wireless headset, but it would also always be plugged in to power. 'cause just leave it on 24 7 and let the battery die. Otherwise that Also sounds right. There is one here that suggests that there's a new one that just came out recently from a company called A A A A.


Is that how it's pronounced? That's the name of the company. I'm not joking. Not an Exaggeration. It's like a, it's like a Tim Cook Apple keynote and the guy comes out like, you guys are gonna really love this new product. The engineers said have spent a lot of time refining this. It is perfection. I swear to God go to Google and type in what you think I'm saying for the company of a and tell me that's not the name of the company. Oh No. Yeah, that's the name of the company. Maybe it's just triple AI headphones. Maybe that's the thing. AI is what makes them so good at low latency. Maybe They're big fans of happy days.


It's like fonzi A a, a audio. Yeah, sure Is Happy Days a timely reference. I'm more of a mash guy myself. Were those on TV around the same time? I have no concept. They're just both old shows. I feel like Happy Days was a little bit older, but maybe they were close. I don't know. I have no idea. Is MASH your small talk? Probably not. Okay. Anyway, I'll try these. If they're bad, I'm gonna bash 'em right on the, I haven't bought, these are still the second or third iteration of the same headphones that I've had forever. These Sennheisers. But I mean they last forever. No, actually wait, no, I'm am I crazy? But when you're, when you got video and you got those little lavalier microphones that are wireless, those are, unless they all have delay in them and it's just like, it's only noticeable.


It's got like a broadcast delay. But I would imagine there's also a, a synchronization that happens in there when you, when you like, I don't know, is reux the right word? When the file is modulated Granulation. That's it. I'm trying an experiment and everyone on the subsite can tell me why this won't work. But I'm trying it anyway. I've been, I've become a prepper by which I mean we have some really basic supplies in case of tornadoes basically because we've been getting tornado warnings and stuff. And I forgot you want to have a couple things on hand. One of the things I got is a weather radio that has like the hand crank to charge it, but also has a little solar panel on top.


Ooh. And I was like, well it'd be really nice if I could just leave that somewhere where it gets a little, the little trickle of the solar charge but like not a full blast all the time. And we have, it's in the basement. We have those basement windows, right where they're the tiny little ones up high and they get a little bit of sunlight in them. I set that weather radio up on the ledge facing one of those windows. And I just wanna see if it charges the batteries through the solar panel or not. Hmm. I don't know if that's gonna work. 'cause like there's a plastic cover over and then it's a deep well outside into the window area and then it's through the window down onto the thing. I feel like it, there's, I can see sunlight.


How much sunlight do you need for solar power? I hope it charges. 'cause then next time we have a tornado, fully charged weather radio boom. I think I'm following Anyway. I, I haven't checked on it but it's been up there for a day. I'm just really curious when I go grab it, if it's gonna be full battery, that should work. Right? It Might charge slightly slower, but by the time you need it, I would think it would still be charged. Yeah. But like trickle charge is okay. 'cause that's actually like not too bad on the battery. If you kind of, you trickle it and don't keep it like full blast top. I mean ideally I'd only charge it to like 80%, but like that's not realistic 'cause it's just a weather radio. I had a weird bug with my batteries for my server. I, I just remembered for about a month or two now they've thought that they were in Germany.


Don't get me started on batteries. Imagining they're in other places. I mean, I don't know what other way to explain it because it, it kept reverting to 50 hertz for its like output power. And in America we do 60 hertz and they also, whenever I open the app to be like your location to calculate the power rates for the susu, it started out in Germany and for some reason all of my batteries and the inverters thought they were in Germany. Did a firmware update a little bit ago. They forgot that. And now they're back home. They went on vacation for a little bit and they were not working. I'm convinced you live in like a weird twilight zone area. We did the episode that was all about American geography and you kept going to Russia and now your servers are trying to be in Germany.


Do you live in every country at once? My batteries, but, but Yes. Once you have five ovens, certain doorways open up in front of you. I don't have five ovens anymore. But you did. You were a man who had five ovens. Now you're a man who lives everywhere all at once. That was actually the first clue that I was starting to slip between dimensions is that when I stopped having five ovens, you know, that doesn't make any sense. So that's when you guys should have realized that. Would you rather have five ovens or five toilets? Do I still have one oven? If I have five toilets, Let's say it's one to two ovens and five toilets or one to two toilets and five ovens. I can't believe this is a hard choice. Why is this a typical Decision?


Yeah, I guess. I guess I, I would go toilets just 'cause like there's not a scenario where I need five ovens. There's not really a scenario where I can imagine needing five. Same. I thought that'd be the quick answer. You guys both really thought it out. I don't know if a toilet goes down and we got backups, you know. Well not for Wade. I always want at least two toilets. I don't think you ever want just one toilet. If you live with another human being, you definitely want more than one toilet. Having, when I, back when I had roommates and there were like four of us sharing one toilet and all that sort of stuff. That's not fun. Yeah. Our molly, my first place one toilet, we had guests And it was just the worst. Like, oh, we all wanna shower before we go out to dinner. Shit there's five of us.


One shower. Yeah that was, but at both of my grandparents' houses where we would visit, we would always visit around like holidays generally. And so everyone's trying to do everything all at once. Both of them had one bathroom in the whole house. So there'd be like seven people all who are like, well we need to wake up, we need to get a shower, we need to get ready. And we're going to the whatever holiday party event thing. It's a whole, you need like a schedule. I've never needed more than two ovens. Two Ovens is nice to have And two ovens is really just, if you're like hosting an event and you are, you need something that's like, oh we need the Turkey and we need the other shit. Like that's nice. But more than two. I don't know if I'll ever need it. Actually technically I think I have three ovens.


Oh Look at this guy now One of them is our microwave that also has like an oven feature that I've never used. But yeah, like I think technically our microwave can be an oven. I feel like it's not an oven if you can't put metal in it. But what are we talking about? Small talk. Really? I got fun article. All right. How fun. You'll best see researchers genetically altered fruit flies to crave cocaine. This is some fucking cool fruit flies. What does A fruit fly do with cocaine? Like is nostril big Enough? Snorts it, my guy snorts it. They do, they do the rubbing of their hands in and they, Plus they could carry as much as they as their body can.


Their little hairs all over their body could pick up with them. So like they always have a stash. I think that the reason is to try to study, you know, addictions is 'cause their brains are a bit less complex than ours. Just a bit. And so they can see how the drug is affecting neural pathways and yada yada. But here's the thing. Quote flies don't like cocaine one bit. Hmm. They don't like it. That's Weird. But insects are evolutionarily primed to avoid plant toxins. And cocaine is a plant toxin. They have taste receptors on their arms. They're tarsal segments so they can put their hands in something before it goes in their mouth and decide I'm not going to touch that.


After confirming that cocaine activates the fruit flies, bitter sensing taste receptors growth and flu and fill ya. Those are strong oklahoman names. They switched off those nerves. We gotta get these flies addicted to cocaine. We gotta get 'em addicted. Once they activated, there was little to stop the flies from developing cocaine habit. These modified flies were subsequently introduced to sugar water infused with a low concentration of cocaine. Within 16 hours, the insects indicated a preference for the drug laced drinks at low doses. They started running around just like people at very high doses, they get incapacitated, which is Also true in people. God dang. Yeah. So now They can breed more fruit flies addicted to cocaine and study how addiction evolves in the body.


Not only that, they can do it so much faster. Who, I wonder why fruit flies of all things. 'cause they reproduce in like half an hour or something And they, they're, they're an analogous enough to humans or you know, they have 70, 75% of the same genes. But oh share 70, 75% of the same genes responsible for various diseases as well as the main, many of the same vital organs. So you know, a lot of disease probably because of the co collaboration overlap between flies and humans. Co-collaboration. Ha. Anyway, we can scale research so quickly in flies. I think I'm getting the wrong takeaway, but I would like to have the taste but arrangement that fruit flies have.


Imagine all you're eating is like steamed vegetables and lean protein. But if you're just holding like a piece of pizza in your hand, you're just like stu, like you're stu your face and you're like, pizza. No, no, no. That's better than ozempic. You know, that's how you get skinny. I want that. That would mean that everything you touch, you taste. I be real careful changing baby diapers. You'd have to have one taste hand, one non tastes hand and you just have to be really diligent about like gloves and stuff. But Forever gloved on one arm. Make shaking people's hands a lot more scary. You don't really commit. It's like, hmm, unwashed wiener touching hand. I taste that.


What The fuck? What? Whose hands are you shaking? What's happening? You'd find out real quick, wouldn't you? Wait what? It's just projecting way. It's just like I never wash, never wash wiener hands. I am the wiener fingers. I prefer to wash my wiener fingers by rubbing them on other people. It's not weird. It's not weird. But I also think that if it was a society and you wash your hands a lot, then you just taste soap all the time. And that wouldn't be good either. We just need like delicious soap. Oddly enough. I guess I don't usually do segue points, but I guess I'll have to give this segue point to mark for the cocaine flies. Oh yeah, maybe I can't.


I know what this episode's all about. Oh, you will. I just wanna point out, I have a point written down from, I don't know when, but apparently I gave myself a point at one point for Lima balls and it's just been sitting here on this page waiting for this day. So here it is. I got a point for Lima Balls today. No, this episode is brought to you by Apple Cash. Sending payments used to be clunky, unnecessarily difficult and weirdly invasive at times until I discovered Apple cash with Apple Cash payments are private by design so I don't have to deal with public feeds, awkward reactions or other payment drama. I can send cash in messages right in the conversations I'm already having, which is super convenient.


There's Also a cool feature called tap to cash that lets you pay somebody nearby by holding your iPhone near theirs. Switch to Apple cash and start sending privately Apple Cash services are provided by green.bank member FDIC. We're gonna play a little game here that we've done at least once before. That's not an original idea, but it's called, nah, I'd win. I've got my big old dice. Remember the fun dice from the pig and the farmer? Yeah. Still got it. It still hates to roll high numbers I think so I have an all metal D 20. Are we rolling dice today, brother? I will have to re remember the the, so the whole thing with nod win is I give you a scenario and you guys try to win one action at a time.


And every time you guys give me an action, if it's one that actually accomplishes anything, which is pretty easy to do unless you're me, I roll the dice. If we get to a total of 20, then you win. If you, if you don't trust me, that's okay, but I have my little dice tray and I have, I would like to roll my own, but I would like to not aim my camera down at my desk every time I do that. I will not lie. I will defer to your opponent. Mark, do you trust him? Well this usually leads to him stealing our blocks and backstabbing us at the end. But I, I would never, I think he's a changed man that face only a mother could trust.


You want me to roll for you still Mark? I still have the big dice. Yeah, I don't have any dice unless I flip a coin. Once is one and a half. One quarter, 1 8, 1 16, 4 And a half times. If I flip this four and a half times, that would be the same odds. Explain a half a coin flip On the fifth flip. You have to flip it up and then snatch it with your other hand out of the Air. I gotta binary this shit. So I gotta calculate what the number would be in binary versus five. How? Wait, I'm gonna roll for mark. Bob can roll for Bob. How many binary for 20? Put air for 20 Because it's only 20 the first time, then it becomes 19 plus one.


18 plus two. Whatever that wins. It changes. Couldn't you use, like, couldn't you use the Martian rules and do like hex hex hexa decimals or whatever? Well I don't have a hexa hexaco. You know what, I've got a dice that works just fine. I don't know about that. Can mine be out of 16? Can it be a 16? Because then I could do, I could do four coin flips. Calculate that in binary. Oh, and then I could do, oh we could do four and two, right? So it's four for the 16 and the last four need two more flips to know what that value is. 'cause zero and one and 1 0 1 and zero zero. No, that's No, we're just gonna roll a goddamn di fine Man. Fine.


God. You can host a nod win and do your coin idea. All right. You do have a coin. So, hey, you know what? Why don't you flip the coin to see who goes first. Heads is you. Tails is Bob. You Don't have a coin over there. Do you not have a coin? I do have a coin. I got my coin. But I'm letting you do something with your coin. I'm being nice. I'm gonna flip it four times and then I'm gonna flip it two times. First one heads. I think that's You first one's Mark. Alright one. All right. Writing right on my desk. Haha. What heads again? Wow, that's exactly two heads one. Oh shit. What the fuck? Heads again Are you heads? Bob, you trust these? This coin. I don't know about this man. I got, I got concerns.


Ah, no, it's tails. All right, so Three to one. Three to one, right? Then I gotta flip two more times for a separate array of heads. Three to one plus one. Always Heads. Holy shit. That is pretty unlikely. Yeah, it's count who wins, man. We'll never figure it out without you. No, It'd be backwards. It'd be oh, oh 1 1 1. Binary. Oh 1 1 1 is seven. All right, that's seven. Seven Binary. What is two three? Nope. Yeah, it's three. Is it three? Wait, no it's not three.


So wait, you flipped a coin six times and you're saying you only won seven to three? No, I think he is adding these numbers together 'cause he flipped four times to get a, A total out of 16 and then two times to get a total out of four. I honestly, I don't know how binary works. Why is it so hard to get a, what is one one in binary? Even, Even the internet is like, God, who cares. Why would anyone do that? Three. Yay. So 10, 10 is the answer. Well, the question was who goes first? You or Bob? You were heads. Bob is tails. So theoretically one to 10 was mark and 11 to 20 was me or something.


I realize I don't think I could even count up high enough because if if 1, 1, 1 oh only got to, oh, it's because I flipped it around. No, I guess I should have done it the other way then no one me. Okay, hold on. What is, All right. 1, 1, 1. Oh in. Well thanks for watching everyone. It's been a fun episode of 14 plus three would be, why was that only 17? How the hell would I get to, this isn't enough numbers. I just want you to flip a coin to see who goes first. I dunno what we, we've ended up Hold, Hold on. Mark or Bob, the answer is 17. Wait, No, how is that Possible?


I don't know man. It's hard to say, isn't it? Well, if you get 17 twice and then you add eight, you get the answer to the universe, which is 42. Oh no, what the fuck? That's Impossible. Does binary say that despite winning five outta six coin flips, you lose? This can't be. Why does that equal 31? I don't understand Binary. Well I feel a little nauseous, but hey Mark, I'm gonna go out in a limb here. It's, it's 'cause it starts at zero, zero to 31. It's 32. I got it. Okay, So you do need four digits of binary and then two more to get to 20 D 20.


So Mark, you're going first. Okay, I'm ready. Here's the sitch. You are a goblin, okay? You look around and above your head you see a one, and then you see some adventurers coming down. They need to level grind and you are their prey. Now it's your job to not let them level grind you. How do you win? All right, my first action is I take out my handkerchief and I reach up to the number above me and I see if I can wipe off any more numbers next to the one to see if there's some zeros there that, and I hope to God it's not in binary. I hope to God.


All right. You're gonna power level through cheating And maybe they'll think that I'm cleaning the walls or something and that I'm innocent Close. It's an 18, I said in binary. And if you guys remember the rules, you have to repeat the previous person's actions and then continue. So Well what happened to me? They came down, they got out their weapons and they took you down in two hits. I reach up with my Kleenex and polish the air and nothing happens. And then I reach up my own ass into my hammer space and just grasp furiously to see if I can pull anything cool outta my hammer space.


I'm checking your inventory for some high magic gear. Oh, not what he said, but All right, So what? I need a 19. You Need a 19 or 2014 says the dice. That's a 15 total, not enough. Mark back to you. One Hand in the sky with my handkerchief other hand my ass. I start shouting as loud as I can towards the adventures. Oh. Oh. Hope They get scared by whatever the hell they're seeing. What's Wrong with that gobble over there Is his hand up his ass? What's he wiping? He's doing it wrong. I don't trust your dice because your dice is an ill-formed, weirdly shaped, poorly balanced nonsense piece.


Bob's pristine, beautiful machined. D is the essence of fairness. I want Bob to roll my die as well. I got you an 18 last time. You only need an 18 now. But I needed a 20. It didn't get me there. I think this is gonna work. I got you Mark. It's an 18 God damnit. Well I'm never gonna be able to roll for anyone again. Thanks man. I liked the rolling part. She could Better die. She could better die than I trust The host sets the rules. Okay Man, I wanted that one to go longer. That's sad you didn't Account for Mark's screaming.


All right Bob, you're up. You are lying on a bunch of other yous. There's something silver coming down at you. What are you? A noodle? Is that a fork coming down to swirl you up and eat you? Oh, I get it. How do you win? I think of the hottest steamiest carbonara. I can imagine in the hopes of becoming a fully erect piece of pasta that I might choke this person to death when they try and eat me. You need a 20 and I don't get the roll anymore, so Come on dice. Yep, that's a 13.


That doesn't help. That dented my desk 'cause I missed my dice rolling thing Because that's a thick dye. It's really heavy. Literally like this is onto, this is onto my desk. All right. I think of the spiciest hottest carbon era I can think of. I pop some Viagra and I hope to choke this son of a bitch to death before I die. Is the Viagra your move or are you doing something else? Yeah, Viagra is my move. I'm just, I believe this is the right strategy. Would you like me to roll still or Wade to roll? Yeah. Roll you roll Bob. You all my rolls? Yeah, That is an eight shit.


Or an S, depending on if I can read Either way it looses, I think of the hottest spiciest carbon RI can I pop the Viagra and just in case I loop my newly tail around a very jagged piece of artichoke. And when I get up into the mouth area, I'm gonna try and fling the artichoke to the back of the throat and make them start coughing and choking. You're thick, you're erect and somehow wrapped hip. That is a mat 20.


I'm sort of assuming that that one wouldn't work. Were we a ramen? I thought we were ramen. Hmm? We were just a noodle, right? We were laying on top of other noodles. So I was assuming we weren't in too much sauce or broth or whatever. These are going fast. I needed more ideas. All right, mark, you are not Jiminy, but you are a cricket and you're just hopping along and that's weird. The wall wall. There should be no wall, it's just air, but I'm, Hmm. I'm just hitting this wall and and I don't even see And behind you, you hear and you turn around to see a snake mouth open.


Fangs bearing coming to eat you. How do you win? I charge up dragon ball's E style in the hopes that I transform into my locust form. Yeah. And I just, I start screaming and I, if I transform and I locus form, I'll I'll 10 x my power easily. I got you bud. Ha 15. You power up. You feel the little antenna starting to rise as yellow courses through and digested. I start to charge up dragon ball of Z Island and go. Yep. I also start furiously playing. The devil went down to Georgia on my leg fiddle that is attached to my body because we all know crickets are essentially living, walking fiddles in the hopes that I might summon the devil to kill the snake so we can have our dual While furiously focusing and starting to power up.


You grab your leg. I only got a 15 again And then you get gulped. So up against the window screaming my head off legs going crazy, making that beautiful song. Devil wind down to Georgia. All of my limbs are currently preoccupied, correct? They're pretty preoccupied. At least two of them have to be playing the fiddle Except my wings P flap. My wings burst outta my back and I start to ascend into the air. I'm still screaming, still playing. I'm hoping to finally ascend to my transformation as I rise into the air. Go into my final form.


Okay. Playing devil with Donna, Georgia while trying to power up the super cricket. Your wings come out, you flap furiously 10. Okay. And that's the third one, right? So is that 13 total? Yeah. So now you need a 16 total or more to win. Back to you Bob. All right. I am screaming, I'm charging, I'm fiddling, I'm spreading my wings. And in all of this I also that remember that crickets can totally defense piss little gross brown juice if they get scared. So I aim my piss hole at the snake and I take the angriest cricket piss I've ever taken in my life in the hopes of scaring it away from me forever.


You need a 16, 17. All right, you piss. And the snake has a severe cricket piss allergy and starts to break out into snake hives. Coke Coing coing up. One last snort before he coughs, chokes and dies. We're Really burning through these mark. We're killing it. Yeah, we're We're winning. I seem to remember in previous iterations of this type of game, lots of losses and very long strings of things we had to do to succeed. Really? Only one or two. There were a lot of short ones. But then, man, that pig one lasted a while. Dear Penthouse forum, it finally happened to me.


Oh no, you broke into the wrong house. You were just doing your job. Someone says, oh no, your job. Oh yeah. But now you're behind steel bars and the execution chambers waiting because you killed a whole family when you Oh yeah, your way in. You are the Kool-Aid man. And you're about to go down execution row or whatever the term for that is. It's called death row. Who's going first on this one? Me. This is you. I am the Kool-Aid man. And out of the corner of my mouth, as I'm walking in the hallway, I just, no one is saying anything, but just by myself. I just go, oh no.


Oh no. Oh no. And then I turn and face the wall of the prison and go, oh yeah, and see if I can just Kool-Aid man my way out of the prison wall. There's a chance. But this place is made to hold Kool-Aid. Man. You'll need a 20 Hit. That's a two. You go up to the wall, you, oh no. Oh no. Powering yourself up for the interval. Oh yeah. But your glass shatters and Kool-Aid is thrown everywhere. The gore and viscera is a horror to behold as you lie dead and shattered among your own innards. So I throw myself against the wall as hard as I can, cracking my glass but not shattering it, hopefully.


And then I roll on the floor spilling some of my red and I go, oh, it's really hard to say it, but, oh no, I'm hurt. I can't be executed. You gotta let me out. Oh no, I gotta go to the hospital. That is an eight. My good dude, George. Just running the wall smash And it again, You are in fact laying down with a crack in the glass and liquid leaking out. And the prison guard scoffs and drags you by your Kool-Aid foot to the execution chamber where you are finished off and then shared among everyone watching. A nice glass of you is passed around. Oh Good. I'm walking down the hallway.


I try to smash through the wall. I fall down, I'm leaking, I'm cracked. And I'm assuming my hands are cuffed behind my back 'cause I'm being transported. And as I'm falling there and I'm injured, I feel that the, the handle of my pitcher body, which is a separate thing from my arms, has broken off and become a very large shive in my attempted smashing outing. And so I, while I'm laying on the ground, I grab the shive with my handcuff hands and then I sit up and I just like turn ass first at the prison guards and just try and like blind shive 'em with my shattered handle. All right.


That's a one where I shive my own self, up my ass and die. You Go to Shive the guard, but you miss and trip and because you're kind of like picture shaped and a bit round, you roll straight to the execution chamber and make it really easy to kill you. Oops. I tactically slam myself against the wall, cracking my ass. Fall to the ground. Pocketing the shard of glass. No sorry, fall the ground scream. Oh god. Help. So I can't be exit exiting today. Grab the shard of glass guard comes by, try to s shive him. It was a diversion. I go opening first towards him to try to scoop as I do a somersault flip so he will be inside of me and drown.


How much do you need for this one? 17. Oh that is a 16. You go to scoop him up and put him in there. He's been a bit parched today. He's sad to see you go. He is been crying, needed some liquid. He drinks you up a little bit, feels a lot better. Gives you a pat on the back and says thank you and escorts you out to kill you. Who's been crying? I wanna know the backstory of this prison guard. I don't, It's like the green mile. You're the John Coffee of Execution prisoners. Everyone loves a Kool-Aid man. The name John Coffey. Is that right? That's been so long Since I seen that. That is, yes. So now Bob, you need a 16. I pretend someone said, oh no, I slammed myself tactically against the wall cracking my bow.


I fall out and I'm all, oh God, I'm injured. I need to go to the hospital, not the execution chamber. And while I'm laying on the ground, I grab the shiv. As the guard comes to help me up, I jump up and I attempt to shive him. But I miss. But in my missing, I tactically dive roll opening first over him to try and scoop him up. That fails and he takes a sip of me. But now I'm standing next to him and he's standing next to me. And with my powerful juice powers, it's an ability that Kool-Aid man definitely has it's cannon. I try and reassemble my juices hoping that my, the bit of me that he drank will explode out of his stomach to come slosh back into the body.


That is my magical juice scoop. There's only ever been one pitcher of Kool-Aid. It all goes back in the end. It Looks like it leaks or it gets drunk. But Kool-Aid man never actually gets drunk. He always just re reassembles. All right, you need a 16 or higher, That is an 11. You try to summon the juices back out and the guy looks a little uncomfortable and he goes and burps and up comes the Kool-Aid, which hadn't quite gotten far enough down to erupt And it comes back to you. But now you got a little saliva in you too. The way worse things are already in there. Don't worry about it. I fling myself bodily against the wall. Fall, roll, scream, grab ard of glass from my ass.


Here comes guard. Yeah, dive. Yeah. Missed. Did I swing around somersault inside myself. He takes a big mouthful as he's gasping in the surprise roll back. He rolls out of me. I use my magic to try to summon it back. That didn't work. But I remember a teaching from my sensei Capri's son. And I remember a power that he had passed out from himself where whoever drank the cap, Capri sun turned the drinker into liquid metal and shot it out into the ether. I tried to channel that power, turn him into metal. Well, 15 or higher and you somehow will, Oh that's a five.


All right. You try to channel your sensei and turn him into metal. You see him start to have a shine to him almost. And then you realize it's just the glistening sweat of him not feeling great after burping up some Kool-Aid and he takes the execution chamber and okay, you go bye-bye. I slam myself against the wall crack, fall down hospital, catch the shiv, jump up, try and shive the guard, but miss tactical role to drown the guard. But miss, he drinks some of me, I try and reassemble and summon my juice with my powers And it just goes up out of his mouth. But he did have to cough it up. And then I try and silver surfer him as per Capri sun taught me.


And that doesn't quite work. But while he is still disoriented, I lunge at him and I try and grab he's radio because I have an accomplice who will hear me when I put out the radio call and I grab the radio and I, and I scream into the radio, the juice is loose. And that's the code word to to set to my plan in motion where I escape. All right? Not only does your accomplice hear you, but everyone who's afraid of OJ Simpson's also panicking. No, unrelated. I'm made of juice. Okay? I get to be the juice. You need a 14 or higher? Yep, that is a 14.


You call in the radio, everyone starts panicking. The juice is loose, they start trying to lock the place down. But all of a sudden the wall erupts as a truck backs in with Bubba and Wba in the way saying get in and the Kool-Aid man hops in the back of the truck and drives away. Well is driven away. Can I say, oh yeah, as I hop into the truck and drive away, Of course I was. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. I am not winning a lot of these. I'm gonna have Wade roll my die. I'm gonna have Wade roll my Day. You're switching. I'm gonna have Wade roll my day. Hey, I had, I gave you some pretty good rolls right up until that one. I think overall I've given myself worse rolls. I've just had some really clutch rolls.


That's fair. I'm back to rolling baby. We're flashing back a few years. It's the late nineties. A little bit chilly outside. You're sitting on a throne of sorts I guess you feel like you're bound down. You look down at your red arms and legs and wonder if life can ever get better than this. And then you hear a noise screaming. A crowd erupts out of nowhere. Salivating pushing, shoving, stabbing, screaming more. They see you, they want you. You are the last tickle me Elmo doll. Okay, it's a couple days before Christmas. Are they gonna kill me?


Us? They might rip you to shreds trying to get out with you. You gotta get outta here. If any of these people get you, it's the end. The winning Scenario is getting out or killing everybody, The dice will determine. That's the situation you find yourself in. I think it's Mark first this time. So tickle me. Elmo, Kmart, you said Wherever. Just a, a department store, whatever one you want. You're tied up in your box. Tied up in my box. Late nineties. Trying to think of the technology at the time. Alright. I switched my price with the really expensive item on the shelf immediately behind me. So everyone thinks that I'm $3,000 instead of the tickle me ammo brace. You Flip your box still trapped inside you use your mouth to rip off the price tag.


Go over to your own, put it down. You're too expensive. Who's gonna pay that for you? Pay That. I'm gonna coroll for you Mark, just to see what you're giving up. 14. Yeah, you made the right choice. But a 14 is right next to the 20. It was close. I Might have weight roll for me now. I don't know. I dunno if I like amazing. I turn around and use my mouth to rip the price tag and I put it over my price tag and no one is dissuaded because people are outta their fucking minds. 'cause it's Black Friday or something. I desperately try and hop my box that I'm strapped onto off the shelf so I can hopefully fall down and like bounce out of the way or maybe bounce under the shelf or something.


Something where I can get to where no one's gonna see me and I can hide until they'll go the fuck away. Mark with that 14, you got ripped the shreds as people tried to grab you. But Bob seeing what happened, knowing that that could be the case falls off the shelf. I got a six Landing squarely on the base of his box. Oh well thankfully he's easier to grab now. He is not on the top shelf. And not only has he ripped the shreds, but he is partially stomped the death as well. It's very brutal and awful. So no one gets, no one gets this. Yeah, this is just all losers. That's death. Let's pretend like I wasn't listening to Bob's entire Prompt.


Just pretend and let's pretend that I wasn't looking up D 20 spinners to see if I could have my own one so that I didn't have to trust my fate in any of you. Let's pretend like that's, I might entirely take over the dice next time I do this. I like the anticipation of being able to tell the story without you guys knowing the result. I feel like I gotta do something here with him not listening. I don't, there's gotta be something here. If there's a penalty, I will allow Mark to make up whatever he wants for my action and continue as if that is what reality is. But there's some kind, like a half point penalty or something for having to rewrite history. Okay. But it was only if I get it wrong, right? If you get it right, yeah, you can.


You can go penalty. You get it right, you're good. I wobble over, grab the other price tag with my teeth, rip it off, place it on mine as a diversion. Then I fling myself off the top shelf to the, to the floor. Is that what you did? Is that what you did? Yeah, that's what I did. Yeah, that's what you did. As I'm falling, I scream. Oh yeah. And then I try to hit the ground as hard as I can and as I'm on, as soon as I get down to the ground And it didn't work, I then spin as hard as I can to try to make some distance away from the, the location and hopefully I'll like go under one of the fridges or something.


So I just start spinning Tasmanian Devil away from them. So you fall, you don't get under the shelf like you want to. Your thought spin. I start rolling, spinning, go. I start Spinning. Hold. You need an 18? It was on the 20 for a second, but it ended at 14 again. Damn. I think it's weighted. I think it's weighted. Weighted. Yeah, I think it's weighted. I really thought you had the 20 'cause it bounced on it twice and then went to 14. Well That doesn't seem very fair. Are you on a carpet? No, I turn around, I get the price tag as a diversion. I put that over my price tag. I desperately hop off the edge hoping to bounce to safety.


But I, and while I'm falling I say, oh yeah. And I try and Kool-Aid man my way through the floor like my other favorite red character does. And that doesn't work. So when I hit the floor, I start furiously Tasmanian deviling. When when they get, when I realize this is not gonna be enough for me to escape. I stop spinning while and face the crowd of people and I tilt, I break the rules like they do in Toy Story and I tilt my head slowly up and I say in the loudest voice I can muster Sudden touch Elmo Elmo was a God And see if I can scare them away from touching me.


'cause I'm talking to them and I'm a toy. And you're not supposed to do that. You're supposed to be tickle me Elmo not talk to me El though. I think you need a 17. I got a 17 trying triangle of fairness. Look, look, see it's a 17. Yeah. Held it. I see seven. Oh there it is. It's a 17. It's that's a really terrible angle for me to have done that. But should, should let me keep rolling for you, mark. No, I like, I'm gonna trust, I'm gonna trust Wade. I I, I've always believed in him and he's always believed in me. I don't think either of those things is true, but I appreciate your candor. All right. We've done a situation similar to this one today even. But this is flipping the script.


You're a low level warrior, but like you're watching people clob or goblins and it's like boring. I'm just gonna skip ahead to something more exciting. You wander around and you find yourself in a high level area. You don't realize this until looking up at the sky. You're ignoring your little level one over your head. But then the sky starts to get darker and you see level 45 ogre stepping into view and he's seeing you. He's aggro. He's coming for you. Okay. All right. I think Bob is first this time. Well obviously the first thing you do is I go into my inventory and I get out my tomahawks.


Well I just have the one I guess. But I huck my tomahawk at him right at his stupid face and see if I could just one shot him at range without even have to get my hands dirty. 'cause I've totally killed goblins that way before. Maybe he was already in a fight and he is weakened. I guess we'll find out. You need a 20 Ow 17 And it dented my desk. Is that worth anything? I'll give you 17.25 and no, you throw your tomahawk, it makes contact, falls to the ground and now the ogre is pissed. He picks you up and just gives a little squeeze and you explode in his hand. All Right, well I tried. I reach up my ass, grab the tomahawk, throw it at him. That was a diversion. Reach up my other ass, grab my handkerchief.


Go over to his not as level his name and I try to rub out that G. So he just becomes or and I'm gonna mine him. You found level 45 or at level one? You're gonna be rich. I know I'm gonna be rich if this works. Am I rolling for you? Oh, you know it baby. All right. You need a 19 7, 12. You go to rub out the G. But before you can even get the little hook gone, a club swings down and crushes you into oblivion. I reach up my ass. I throw the tomahawk, I reach up my other ass, I get my handkerchief. I go and I try and scrub away the G. Clearly that doesn't work.


I don't know what I was thinking then. I shit my pants out of sheer fear and rage hoping that that will either scare him away or my shit will be so fierce that if he tries to eat me, he'll just die or pass out and fall it out in his head or something. Is this one of those where I keep it at 19 because all you did was shit yourself? Or do I give you the seven or the 18? I think it depends on how effective you think shitting my pants in fear and rage will be. It's an angry shit. Yeah, but doesn't an old girl also live in angry shit? I'm gonna leave this one at 19. Yeah, That's seven. Oh, it wouldn't have mattered but you shit yourself.


And the ogre gets a smile on his face as he swings his club. Now we've switched numbers. So Mark, you now he's an 18. All right, reach up my ass Tomahawk. Reach up my other ass. Handkerchief. How big is this Ogre? 45. 45. He's 45 feet tall. Clamber up him try to rub out that name. It doesn't work. I shit myself. 'cause boy I am way too close. I'm probably right up on his head, but then I look him dead in the eyes and be like, I'm Cursed, I'm cursed. If you eat me or kill me or get any of my blood on you, I You'll be cursed too. Don't do it. Don't do it. No, you're cur. You're gonna be cursed. The ogre is intelligent enough to understand it.


I guess I'll give you the 18 for trying to scare him. Fear is a spell in World Warcraft. It is a spell A nine. All right. You tell the ogre this, maybe he is not as intelligent as you thought to understand or maybe he just doesn't believe you. Maybe you should have invested more into Bluff. He flicks you off his head so hard. You hit a tree, splatter, slide down and you're dead. Okay. I reach up my ass Tomahawk. I reach up my other ass handkerchief. I clamber up the 45 foot tall ogre and try and scrub out the G. When that doesn't work, I get right in one of his eyes and I say I'm cursed. I'm cursed. I shit my pants to death. You know what the curse if you need me. And while I'm doing that, I reach back up my first ass and pull out my two handed ax.


And then I just bring the ax over my head and just P right into his eyeball while he is distracted at me yelling at him on his face from my ass. You Need a 17, I will give you the Axe Surprise ass ax. That's a four. You go to swing your ax, but I dunno if it's sweat or shit on your hands. The ax slides out of your hand and goes flying and you bring down nothing. And the ogre gets another good laugh as this time he picks you up, throws you in his mouth and takes a bite. Can I get a shit saving roll? I've got the, I've took a, I took a fearsome shit. It's in there. I anticipated he might try and eat. Me Sure. DC 20.


I dunno what that means. Roll. If you get a 20, you'll succeed. All right. In your saving roll, I got a nine. You don't save yourself. Mark back to you. You could use a 17 or a 16 if you do something productive here. All right, reach up my ass Tomahawk. Reach up my other ass handkerchief. I sprint at him. Going to rub out his name. I am screaming. I'm cursed. I'm cursed the whole time. Climber up him cursed, cursed guy coming up. Cursed, cursed, man. Try to rub the name. Didn't work. Shit all over the, oh no. It must be the curse. Really hitting. Grab him by both sides of the head. Like look, oh, you want to see how this curse progresses? Reach up my ass again. Two-handed ax.


Oh God, the curse. Hit him. As hard as I can over the head. And it is like, I didn't want to do that. It's the curse of the ax anus. Oh no. Ah god, you don't want this. And then I try to back flip off delicately in a super som assault to get some space now that I've really razzled him and I'm hoping that poop was all over and ax in his head A graceful attempt to escape. Sure. 16 or higher? It's a nine again. I don't like this dice. I see. I think, what's the dice made of? Kind of like foamy plastic or something? Yeah. Where'd you get it? Where'd you get it? There's a like a gaming like d and d bookstore, figurine place.


Not too far away. They had this in a box. I don't like it. I like, I don't like that dice. Bob, you know what? I like your dice. Well that was needed at 16. Didn't get it. So Bob, 16 or 15 If you do something good here, what Happened to me? Well, you did successfully back flip off, but you were 45 feet in the air at level one and the fall damage was more than your hit point total. So you hit the ground and just never woke up. Okay. I reach up my ass tomahawk. I reach up my other ass handkerchief. I sprint at the ogre and clamber up and trying to race the G. And when I realize that's not gonna work, I shit myself in fear. And as I'm shooting myself, I remember about my curse that I'm just made up to try and get him to stop hitting me.


And I start yelling, I'm cursed, I'm cursed. Don't shit myself to death. I'm curse. Well I'm doing that. I reach up my first ass and pull out my ax two handed ax and, and do the back flip off after I try land the ax strike. And I land gracefully as shit sprays in every direction. And then I taunt him in hopes that I can make him so blinded with rage that he charges at me. And, and I dive between his legs and he goes headfirst into the big rock behind me and kills himself. I'll give you that 15 or higher to get the ogre so angry that he charges at you without thinking and knocks himself out. Can I get a, can I get a another point added to my chances if I tell you what insult I would hurl his way and see if it would make him extra ragey If it's so good that even Mark agrees, yes, You are so ugly.


You look like your mama fucked the ger from a tiger and you were born. That's not even an insult. That's fucking weird. That's all I got. Did that do anything? I It? No, I think it would be confusing more than Introducing, I think you need a 15. Look, I don't do insults. I don't do insults. That's not my, that's not my speed. I just thought maybe I'd get lucky. Gotta be honest. Get it. I got a 19 Mark sucks at dices. I'm real bad at this. It's 'cause my insult was so good. Pissed him off. It touched a nerve you didn't even know he had. It did exactly what you wanted it to do.


You jump off, you land gracefully with a sea of shit spraying around the ogre. Looks kind of confused, disgusted. And then you taunt confusing him almost at the same time. He knows he's angry. But the ger from a tiger and the fucking die runs to charge at you. Trips. Hits his head on a tree Lands neck hits a rock dead. How much, how many levels do I get from this? You probably level up straight from level one all the way to like 14. Hell yeah. I can only do so much. I mean the dice really dictated a lot of this one Mark. I'm sorry. Yeah, Yeah, I know, I know. I am aware. Next time I guess we'll figure out whether we get to let Bob use uses cheating dice or I use the real dice or how we do this.


Bob, you got points for wireless Pro standing up. Got Mark to get new headphones. Solar power noodle. Cricket juices. Loose Kool-Aid. Elmo paid attention Warrior versus Ogre. Mark, you got points for Wawa? Wah, you were crying about something early on. On a second. I feel like the judging might be off. Oh, you were crying something about something with your headphones early on. So you got ware, you got a a, a fly Coke. What country are you in? Russia, Germany.


Goblin Segway Point, Capri Sun and got lucky by guessing the Elmo fall. So even though God gave Bob a point for paying attention, I gave you the catch up point for actually guessing the correct one there. So I got one point for Lima balls from weeks ago whenever. I guess I thought I earned it. What Happens if Wade beats Mark? I don't Think it is not close. I don't think it's that close. I gotta add something to the wheel. Can I? Well, I guess go ahead and spin. See how many times? Yeah, Let's just do this real quick. Come on. Three. Oh, alright. Three bonus points. Mark, that's good for you. Also, I declare unfair because I think that it was started that wham whap point just seems like it was against Me.


Wait, you declared unfair after the number of spins? I think it's, I think it's still in play. I think it's still in play. I, I think if it's before the Wheel, okay, yeah, It starts going. So If that's true, then what happens? Let's just flip first and see what happens. Okay. All right. As we do what is good for Mark tales? We don't Oh, I got heads. Heads. Okay, so Mark has one unfair that the wah point wasn't fair for him. No, That's what what I said. I said that there was clear that is indicative of that there was bias from the very beginning of this. I think an extra point in my favor to undo the bias is the only thing.


Okay, so you think an extra point in your favor makes up for that? Yeah, because I believe there was bias from the beginning, but I'm not saying that it was super, I'm not saying it should change the entire scope of the game, but I feel like that levels the playing field a bit. I feel like that's a pretty rational request. Okay. I mean you won. I'm not gonna argue with you. If you think an extra point, evens it up. I'll give you the extra point. I will say the role of these spins is significant since there are three of them. What are we adding to the list? Do we have, does everyone have a half point for something on here now? I Think Mark doesn't, Yeah, I don't think I have half point. Well you know what, mark, you get the point for winning the three coins and I'll give you the half point to mark on the wheel. Make it, make it half height, half point, Half height, half point.


Sure. No, don't put the half height thing. I I was joking. No, come on. No, No. Well it's shuffled now. I can't change it. Three spins. Spin number one Biggest laugh. We definitely got some laughs. I really enjoyed juices loose, but Capri's Sun was also very good. Mm. Well did I, was I very funny in the, the opening was I hilarious? I I I might have gotten it. That That was that this Episode. Oh Yeah. I I I was this episode. Do you think that was a bigger laugh than the It probably was. Well I feel like we both got laughs on that, but that is Mark's thing he brought up because I feel like I got a pretty good laugh on that for the, the Apple keynote bit, but I don't honestly remember that much.


I, Yeah, I feel like I got a big laugh in the beginning, so I I might be, I can't remember a bigger laugh than I I I So I'll give it to Mark for the, I I I Oh my. You. It's coming. This is it. All right. Spin number two. Oh, most travel since last episode. It's probably last recording session. 'cause we haven't, none of us have gone Anywhere. You mean when I was in Idle Wild and also Joshua Tree? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh my God. This is unbelievable. All right, last spin. Come On, come on. Give it to me. Come on.


Most callbacks, It's kind of the game of callbacks. I am arguing against myself here, but Mark did call back in the Elmo bit to the Kool-Aid man bit also The handkerchief callback. I did the handkerchief twice. He also did the handkerchief bit twice. That one is much better than the Kool-Aid man. Callback. That's true. Oh, That's unbelievable. Oh, is it a tie or, and do I just lose, what's the deal? The Total was 16 to 13 before the queen flip where he asked for a point that made it 16 to 14 and now he won all three points making it 17 to 16.


And despite only winning one, no. Yeah, one of those entire things. The coins and the wheel gave him the four points to win. How the fuck did he get so many points if he only won one of the actual part of the game? He had a lot of points from the small talk early on with the i i i the country he was in and the crying. So despite him saying it was unfair, he actually started off with like an extra point or two over you. This is my year. This is my year. This is my year Mark. I guess you get to give us a winner speech. Thank you. I mean, the dice weren't in my favor, but that coin got me.


I feel like I, if I went that far, I might not have won that last tie wheel if it got down to that, but, oh, oh, the universe has spoken and no one can say anything about it because it's already been used. Baby. This is my year. I will earn every win even if it's not earned Literally four to one. Bob, you won the games four to one for a plus three, which you had until the coin flip. Seems like it should be a pretty strong lead. Three points. You were in a three point lead until the coin flip in his three spins. The Binary bit was pretty funny. This is reminiscent to me of the, how many coin flips in a row?


Did I lose a previous stretch? Eight To 12 or something Crazy was crazy. It double digits. It was like 12 or 14 or some, it, It was a crazy amount that was statistically impossible. I cannot beat the universe. I can beat you losers all over this podcast. I can out, I can out goof with the best of them, but I cannot overcome the universe. And so as much as I wanna be salty about this, I'm gonna listen to the wisdom of the universe and accept that Mark was meant to win this episode and say mean things to Mandy about you. After we're done recording, Good fight, Bob.


The dice were in your favor today, but apparently nothing else was truly had the dice on your side as well as great ideas. But coins and wheels and fortune favored Mark. So you can find us, mark at Mark applier. Bob at Meiser Me at Minion. Seven. Seven or Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7. And I guest they tuned for the next one where Mark will host and lead us on a grand adventure of some kind. And until then, podcast app. This episode is brought to you by Vitaminwater. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple passion, fruit squeezed lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry, pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city.


So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So.