
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like All my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. I dunno. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bang Court Bank. Na, pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by Energizer. Here's a powerful gift idea for this holiday season. Energizer Ultimate Lithium, the number one longest lasting AA battery. I remember when I was a kid, I used to chew through Game Boys as soon as the game would die. You know, not only would you lose your save, you'd lose the game boy. And you know, we couldn't afford many of those. So are you saying you Threw away the game boy when your batteries died? Yeah, it's Dead. It's dead. Isn't it less expensive to That's why I keep the number one longest lasting battery at the top of my list every year. Stock up on Energizer Ultimate Lithium, the number one longest lasting AA battery today.


This episode is brought to you by Counting Plus, here's a story that's a hundred percent true and it's about how accounting is a great choice of career. Here's the Facts. With accounting, you'll have flexibility, great pay, and the kind of lifestyle you've always dreamed of. It's a lifestyle that's less math and spreadsheets and more traveling, personal and professional growth and making a positive impact on your family and community. Wanna start an exciting new chapter? Accounting Plus provides free resources that will help guide you to a successful career in accounting and personal freedom. Do More, live more? Visit Join accounting plus.com.


Good Evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Wayne Scott, it Wade hates rubbing plugs, iron, lung, and rolls crits Rizza. PG mailable. Mark gets hard for big drives, creeps the kiper and gets his gala rail on with penthouse piggies Stic. Bob plays Ace Ventura. So Moons ends the earth and weaponizes diarrhea from clown cars to killing a farmer's family. He, it's time for now. I'd will part two now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everyone. welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade joined as always by my friends and co-host, mark and Bob. Hey boys. Hello Fucking Ubuntu to our listeners Bob Saluted. That was just for the watchers. I was not acknowledging the listeners. Don't talk to them All. right? Anyway, welcome to the show where one person hosts the other two compete for points. Whoever's the most points at the end gets to host the next episode. The games vary. The points are always consistent. I forgot to get my pad and paper to write them down, but I've got it now. So thankfully no points would've been awarded at this point anyway. But how are you guys doing? Pretty good. Pretty Good. I'm typing in bullshit is how it's going. You think This episode's bullshit Not even started yet.


I'm typing bullshit. Can't you copy and paste bullshit? Oh, Waiting for cash lock could not get lock slash var slash lib slash donkey package slash lock front end. It is held by process 8 5 6 9. Last Episode was the election episode Mark. We don't need more donkey talk. We don't need to talk about the donkey libs right now. What about The elephant libs? What about the donkey conservatives, Lib free or heehaw. I'm glad you enjoy yourself so much, buddy. I Really do. You, you can wait to see if anyone thought that was funny. You knew it was funny. I find me hilarious. I tell you guys about the, the loaner car that I had recently.


I don't think I did. It's not that funny of a story. But as a large person, this happens to me a lot. I don't fit in things, but I can find a way to like work around it. I don't fit in the booth at the restaurant, but I'm like, can we just get a table or whatever? Like these things happen. Recently my car had to go in and the dealership, it's like warranty work. So they gave me a car for free. They were like, here, just take, you know, take one of these, drive this around and, and we'll give you car back, you know, tonight or tomorrow, whatever. But nice. And I appreciated it. And when I got to the, I was dropping the car off and I was talking to like the service department guy and then he handed me off to the guy who was gonna get me the car. And he was, he like sort of looked me up and down. It was like, Hey, what's up? How you doing sir?


So we only have coops available for the loaner cars, right? Like two door, like small cars. And I was like, oh, that's fine man. I, we had our other car, you know, it was a family car too, so like, I don't need to put the baby seat in it or anything. That's fine. And he's like, yeah, yeah, it should be fine. It'll be fine. Can I see your driver's license? And like, it was just a weird vibe. I got to the car outside again, the guy gave me the keys and walked away and I went to get in it. And I don't know if anyone else who's not like a very large person can relate to this, but I had that moment where I was like, I'll just slide in. And I didn't get past my like ribs. I was trying to slide into this car and I went to sit down And. it was literally like, oh, All, right?


All right? Hang on now maybe the seat's not all the way back. Maybe the steering wheel's not up. It was everything was as up and back and out as it could get. And so I and I, this was my car for at least the day. And getting in is honestly not the hard part. Like I, I had to sort of look at it and angle my body, but it's like you can, you can have that moment where you're just like, whoosh. And you slide in And, it was fine. It was very comfortable to drive. But when that's how you get into something, getting out of it is usually horrific. And I like drove all the way home, parked in the driveway. It must've looked like the scene for Mace Ventura where it gets birthed out of the rhino. God, like I, I started trying to get outta the car and I was just like, get pulling.


But I ended up on my back laying next to the car in the driveway. Naked, naked. 'cause my clothes peeled off. That's fine. I don't know if my neighbor saw me. They probably didn't. They're not, it's fine. The last thing that had to happen between me and this car was I had to drive it to the dealer and drop it off to get my car back. And the way they were like, when you bring it back, just pull into the service garage to the inside part and drop it off. And I didn't think this all the way through until I got there. But where I had to drop the car off, there was a full two story wall of windows into the main showroom of the dealership where every single salesperson and customer and every human in the entire building was looking out from their offices and desks at these windows.


And then I parked this tiny car in there and proceed to do the fat guy dance of what? And like, and also the service person who is like dealing with my car, I pull in and he is like, Hey, that's Mr. My skins. He starts walking towards me. So the guy I've already talked to is walking towards me 20 feet away and the entire rest of everyone is like, Ooh, a red car pulled in. And then I have to do the exact same dance of like, And I end up like laying on the ground and I, and it's like I, the guy is standing over me and 'cause he's arrived Brid at the vehicle and to shake my hand. And I, I'm like, I'm laying on the ground and I do that thing where you just like pop up like nothing happened. Close the door.


But I'm like sweaty. Like I pop out and I'm like, Hey, good to see you. Yeah, let's get like, God fuck dad. Like it's, I don't know how relatable that is for anyone who's not just like, I'm very tall. I'm also very big guy, fat guy. Like it's fine. But man, did that suck? I don't know if you saw, but I was in the safari car that pulled up with the, you know, the family there and we were watching you. You really did a good impression with no hands going out of the car door. It was, it was really impressive. And quite a show. I think everyone learned something that day With no birth canal to really help me put on the performance. I kind of feel like I got there on my own very effectively. I I don't know where you conjured up all the fluids that came out, but you were very, very moist on the way out.


And. it was, it Came from me. It was mostly sweat. Okay, cool. All, right? Mostly All, right. Cool. That's awesome. I need no more, no more. Well it Helps in that situation. If you piss your pants sometimes it'll help you squeeze the last pack half out. Anyway, that was just, that's stuck in my mind forever. Now is the most recent thing where me being a very large person created a great scenario that didn't at all embarrass me for the rest of the week. And that was two weeks ago actually now. So it's clearly still I'm not holding onto that. We are tall people, you are taller than me by a little bit. But we are tall people. We, we, We, we mad we're tall. You heard it everyone, you heard It. It blows my mind that like cars and plane seats and everything else just are not made to accommodate anything other than like perfectly average.


I get why planes and stuff are like that. No, the mo the motivation for that is not complicated. It's money. No. They can wanna put the maximum number of whatever seats and whatever in so they can sell them at, but you're right. Why why a car like that? It's not like there wasn't physically space in the car for it to have been designed in a way where it would've been more accommodating to a really tall person. It just wasn't. Apparently Germans are not very tall 'cause it was a, this was a BMW that I got into. So Germans are definitely not known for being huge. There are people taller than us and sure some of 'em are athletes like basketball players, but some of them are just normal people who are fucking freakishly tall. What do you do if you're seven foot two and you need a car Drive a hummer?


Something? I don't know. It upsets me as a bald and tall person. I feel very, very upset at this. What does bald Have to do With it? You hit your head on the ceiling, there's no protection. It's just like, Oh I, I assume you'd have less friction with your shiny, shiny head. Whenever you do make contact with no hair, you better hope it's like a really soft, comfortable thing that you're hitting. 'cause if it's like sandpapery, it's not pleasant. It's part of the reason why we have hair on certain spots in our body. Not the full reason. But we have hair in places that encounter a lot of rubbing And impacts. 30 minutes of rubbing At least More like 32 minutes of rubbing. Come on man. Also, mark, I did not take away a point from you, but I wanted to, you were here and you saw Bob in the car, but you didn't say hi to either one of us while you were in Ohio.


He was on safari with the family. Come on. I Can't make them stop. It's dangerous. Mark got in the safari truck at the Los Angeles Safari terminal and he gets off when they let him off. That's how those things work. We went through Elon's, California to Ohio tunnel that only safari Tesla Safari users can go in. And I don't control it. All, Right? Well I didn't take away a point. I I didn't. I just wanted to let you know unfortunate situation, good story well told as always. I'm sure someone who saw that had quite the funny laugh at it. So like I, I hope they appreciated it. 'cause it at least a good thing came out of it. I mean at least you got your car back. And. it was only what, two or three times in the rental Ali.


I honestly only drove it other than to the, from the dealership home and back to the dealership. I drove it one other place. Probably could have just gotten an Uber. They wanted to give me one. so I was like, I'll take a free car. I could go wrong. Meanwhile I can't get one. Even when I ask for one. Hey, You just have to go to the right places. Mark What's new with you. So A few things are new. Just kidding. It's the same bullshit. It's always been. Except I'm slathering. I'm slandering. What is the term? Slathering. Slathering isn't the term slathering sla? I'm not sure what word you're trying to say. Your living saliva run from your Mouth. Show excessive desire. I'm slathering sla slaving.


Slaughtering Slobbering Drooling. S slaving. S-L-A-V-E-R. Huh. I don't know this word Over this. The latest development in hard drive technology. I've looped fully back. We're back baby. Oh we're back to hard drives. It's 2022 Again. Hard drives. Hard drives. 122 terabytes. Hey that's almost exactly double the one you were excited about. I have many of those. But Is this like an M two SSD or is this a spinny disc kind? It's obviously an NVME drive, bro. A little bit bigger thicker than this one, which is another NVME drive and it'll never focus. I know Why I leaned back and tried to focus thinking that would fix it.


Oh man. Huh, I I know how to fix this. It's not working. That usually works. Yeah. So it's a little thicker than this one. This is a 16 terabyte. Why 1 22? Why not stop at one 20 or go to one 30? 1 22 is so random Because of how math works for bits on computers. Not random. There's a, there's a mathematical reason for it. 500 Gigabyte. One terabyte, two terabyte. Six terabyte. Eight terabyte. 1 22. Computers don't work on the metric system. Calm down. 1 22. Ah, why always when we're recording do you talk to me Alexa. Sorry. Sorry. I don't know if you could hear that. I Always think it's like Mandy or something coming in and you just like screaming it Every time.


It makes my soul leave my body. I don't even know why it's not that scary. It's just a lady's voice. That is Scary. Anyway. Big hard drive mark. It means that if I were to match that in size, it would need six more of these with her 16 terabyte ones all in one drive. I forget, is that big enough so that all of your iron lung stuff would basically fit on one drive? It would. It would, it would. Absolutely. That would be very convenient. Big drive. Small movie. You decide Big drive. Yeah. I don't think it's a small movie. He didn't work on it very much. Oh is that a Bobby Boucher point?


A Bobby Boucher? You know the water boy, I've not seen that since, what was it, the nineties when it came out. It's like the sound. He makes win. He footballs. I haven't seen it at all. I've been also working on the render farm and I know I've disparaged Linux users before and I will continue to do so. It doesn't make a goddamn bit of sense. You open source bastards. I hate it. I can't even log into my Nasra. Ubuntu. I tried to install Fedora And. it blew up on installation pretty much. And then I, I installed Fedora server client and I, after the full insulation process, I'm greeted with a dos command prop and I'm like, I left this behind in 1994.


I'm a Commander. So yeah, I'm, I'm doing that because the alternative is Windows server. And I don't know if you know how much Windows server costs, but it can cost upwards of $7,000 per license Per li Do you need a license per machine that's on it? So you Don't necessarily need that one. And I don't know if that includes multiple licenses for multiple computers, but it's like with servers. I have many small versions of it and I don't know what, I don't know any of it, but I know that Linux is free so I don't have to deal with that. But also it's The Dracula. Oh I love Count Dracula, blah blah. I auditioned for the movie.


You think if we get in blue, It's like a Christopher Nolan Dracula. We're going for dark and gritty. Dracula's been through a lot. And whenever you're ready. I'm Dracula Sharon Lido as Dracula. Sorry Jared. I know you're a big watch. Not bad. He's sitting by the phone waiting for that call back. Decides to turn on our podcast just to kill the time They get my audition tape. Anyway. Good. Good. Small talk. Good small talk. I bet you won't have a ton of people in the subreddit telling you how good Linux is now that you've brought that up, mark. I bet that won't happen at all.


I'm sure it won't happen. I saw a new picture of the moon. There's some good moon there. Speaking of the moon, it's so funny because I made it, I, you know, I got testy with my own subreddit because they deserved it. And so I made a joke. I made that one comment. Then I made another comment that was kind of forgotten next to it. People were absolutely what? Why are you, why you keep promoting Emily? I will become your a James McCarthy. I will show you my moon. And people are really sick a like you. But now they understand. Now they relate. They relate to why I found that. 'cause it's what she pops up so much and you're just like Tie fighter noises. I know. I feel it. Mark's become what he hates most. You are the moon photos in the night. Have you guys heard of Iron, lung and or Edge of Sleep?


Watch one of them now the other sometime I'm giving myself a point for promotion. Promotion point. I can't Get over that. Mark just threw out sla. sla like that's a word. And it is a word but I've never heard that word in my life. I know lots of words. I know the best words and I had never heard that word I had neither. That was the, you know what Mark you get You should get so many points for slaving. How do I write this? I don't really wanna write this as a slave point. Slathering to slather over or slave over Slathering point. There you go. I put a slathering 'cause I just, I don't wanna read it wrong later and be very confused. I think the spelling is the same isn't it? Yeah. Kinda weird.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well you know Rocket Money, it will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, We started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me there. This is Con Look. Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E-T-M-O-N-E y.com/d I-S-T-R-A, CT IBLE Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible.


This episode is brought to you by Accounting Plus, here's a story that's a hundred percent true and it's about how accounting is a great choice of career. Here's the facts With accounting, you'll have flexibility, great pay and the kind of lifestyle you've always dreamed of. It's a lifestyle that's less math and spreadsheets and more traveling, personal and professional growth and making a positive impact on your family and community. Wanna Start an exciting new chapter? Accounting Plus provides free resources that will help guide you to a successful career in accounting and personal freedom. Do more, live more. Visit Join accounting plus.com.


Guys, we got a new and original game to play today. As you may already know by the title or not. You two don't, but everyone else, nah, I'd win part two, which is an original concept that's never been done before. I remember when you did that the first time. What? Yeah, we don't really consistently have people host their own sequels. I don't know if you all remember weird, but I'm still a little bit bitter about my weirds part 2, 3, 4, 5, and six. I still think you were two. You complained so much that we weren't engaging and Mark and I engaged the shit outta Weird. Yeah, I can't complain anymore. The sub Reddit also beat that out of me. So we Were unbelievably engaged. Unstoppably engaged To the same extent that the Ginger dead man is derisive.


We were engaged. You did something. I got a dice. I think I've showed this up before. It's a very big dice. Is it fair? It is fair. Prove It. Roll a 20. Prove it's fair. Oh my God. Hold on it actually roll a 20. No Way. It's so Fair. I don't believe you. Can You guys see my phone? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just took this photo. Can you see? Hi. Hey. Holy shit. That is very Fair. The fairest thing that's ever happened. Possibly I'll probably roll it on the table instead of the floor moving forward. 'cause it kind of went farther away than I wanted. Yeah, No I was thinking that would be really inconvenient if you rolled it on the floor every time.


So I've got some scenarios set up here. You guys know how this game works. We played it. Basically you're put in the position of something that is, what was the last time there was a mouse facing a cat and the mouse had to overcome long oz to defeat the cat. And you guys would give me, what was it? Like one scenario or one sentence? We Each got one action at a time. So we're gonna continue that. It's one action or one, one sentence. One action that you get to perform. And if that's good enough to win, the dice will tell us. And then I think as it went along you got bonuses too, right? The first one was zero, then the next one gets a plus one. So you only need a 19 and so on and so forth. Is that correct? Something Like that. I mean it's your game. You should remember the rules. Yeah Wade. Yeah.


Yeah. Well first person gets a plus zero, second gets a plus one, so on and so forth. So you need less and less to win. But what If we say something that you know might not actually help us but we're being funny about it. Well then the dice will tell us if that funny is real or not. This is out of my hands. This is up to you. And the dice gods. Yeah, I wasn't talking about the dice, I was talking about the bonus points. You've already got some of those. Yeah. Mark, I think he hears you. I think he is. I think he understands. Okay, Good. He hears me loud and Clear. I understand you might earn bonus points along the way but that's, that's between me and my gods. The S as in parentheses. Oh, How does that change it? I don't know. So anyway, who wants to go first?


Well Mark, I think I went first last time so I'll let you go first this time. Interesting because I'm pretty sure I was a competitor last Time. No, this is your game. This is apparently your game. I didn't, I don't think I made that claim. I think you made that claim. I didn't make that claim. Well You were talking about how last time us guys were doing things and doing and so is clearly we Comrad We, Which is the sub subreddits favorite joke. I do love that. Your first scenario. Mark you are up first as is spoken by Bob. I know you're slathering to go. So let's get to it. I have a splinter. Ow. Well that's very fitting. You should probably clean that out Mark because eh, you are a bacteria inside a human body and the blood cells are coming.


How will you defeat them? Fascinating. Okay, can I ask a question about the context? I think I know where you're going with this and I'm excited about your Question. Where in the body am I? You go first, you get to set the scene. We'll play it from there. I'm already in the body. You're already inside. The white blood cells are on the way. Where is Osmosis Jones In relation to us? Yeah. How far is Osmosis Jones and how rapidly is he approaching our location On an old Disney movie at this point away. Okay, interesting answer. You get to decide man. This is your scenario. I laid the groundwork All, right? So I'm swirling around the circulatory system. Go goose. Go goose.


And my objective is to kill this body, right? Yes. And I remember one more, one more thing here. I think each of you has to repeat what the previous person said as part of the story. Oh, interesting. Not only think I know that for a fact 'cause this is my game and therefore that is part of this. So I'm swirling around the circulatory system. Go, go. I know that they don't know where I am, but also unfortunately I don't know where I am so I'm going to stay. But I do know that eventually I'll make it back to the heart. And when I get back to the heart, I am going to try to grab onto the closest thing in the heart and just start warming my bacteria fingers in there and hopefully kill 'em.


All, Right? Oh wait, I gotta roll the dice. I forgot about that part. No, no, you can just call that. That doesn't work. That's fine with me. That's my bad. I, I forgot. Mark's gonna try to grab the heart, plop this thing around a little bit. Oh God. It's a number Triangle of fairness. No, no Fucking way. Oh come on. No fucking Way. No, that is so Fair. That's so fair. Oh it's so fair. I wanna see where this goes. I'm gonna give Mark the 20 point. But we we're gonna, we're gonna go on man. No, No. 'cause I was gonna say, well I was gonna say it's like I go to the heart and I self-destruct and I try to explode. I wish I'd said that because then it would've just had a catastrophic chain reaction.


Like the death star and the body would've exploded With blood out of every Orifice. I've rolled two twenties in a row and I'm starting to feel like this dice maybe isn't fair. Roll It again. Roll it again. Roll it again. Let's see. All right? Woo. Woo. Okay one. Well that was supposed to be my role so now I get a 20 Maybe. Yeah. So Mark, I gave you a point for that 20 rolling but let's keep going. This that was too quick. Well he is not dead. Wait, No that's the whole game. Mind it's dead. That's so sad. I was looking forward to this one. Damn you Dice. Turns out Wade dropped us into the body of someone with a completely immune immunocompromised immune system. No defenses whatsoever.


Bob, you're a virus in the human body. Oh okay. It is different If you're playing play in. Those are very different vectors. They're very different. They are. They do play differently playing All. right Bob, you are Pluto. Okay. The universe is telling you you're not a planet. All the odds are stacked against you. You need to be a planet. How you get your planet status back Is my goal to kill the universe. Whatever it takes to be a planet is what you need to do. I am Pluto, I am small but I have moons, which is a very planetary feature.


I reverse the magnetic poles and slow my rotation somehow 'cause of physics and I start trying to draw my moons in so that I can accumulate their mass into myself and become bigger. Ooh. Okay. You are sucking in the moons to get bigger If you roll a 20. This is I think a six or a nine. I don't know how to tell the difference on this one. This seems like an important thing to be able to figure out. Well six is on the opposite side of 15, right? They do they add up to 21. so I think that's right. That would be a six. I mean either way that doesn't really matter. I think those are both pretty much failures.


Yeah, the six and the nine. Neither has like a dot or anything. This is a great thing We're using to, to get our rolls here. It's fine. It's what we used last time. And. it worked the moons to you. Mark All. right? So I'm small but I have moons which is a very planetary feature. so I reverse the polarity of my magnetic fields to pull in the moons and gain their mass. Right? I angle. I angle the direction that I am bringing those moons in to eject myself from the orbit. And I'm not going in, I'm going out to the Cooper belt to gain even more Agario style.


Kaari dhi. I'm going to revolve around Slingshotting through the Cooper belt, getting everything I can hopefully reentering back in to steal the orbit of one of those other planets. I'm not sure which yet, but I know that if I dethroned one of them I can be that planet. Oddly enough. That's literally exactly what I was thinking. Nice, nice. We're all the same wavelength here. I love this Cos the rocks and coming back In that is a 13. Damn. That's surprisingly good. You needed a 19 bob back to you. You now need an 18. I'm small but I have moons. A very planetary feature. I reverse the polarity of my magnetic field and start sucking my moons in by angle the suckage of the moons in so that they actually eject me from my current orbit and throw me into an extremely eccentric orbit that will take me out to the also, I don't know who's right.


I've always said kuper belt. Is it Cooper belt? It's Probably the ki. It's probably. But I said Cooper and I don't know if that That will take me out to the Cooper belt. A lot of guys have belts. Could be any Of 'em that I, where I will agario style. Kaari Dhi style accumulate more mass. Well before my highly eccentric orbit comes me, flings me flailing back into the solar system that as a big, big boy I have goals. And primary goal of my goals top most of them is to take the place of the most overrated planet in the solar system. The one that everyone's talking about all the time.


No matter what I am gonna knock earth down a peg slash into the sun and take its place Knocking earth into the sun to take its place. Oh, so close. Bob, you needed an 18, you got a 17. Oh So almost there. Almost there. So do I successfully knock the earth into the sun and that doesn't work? Or do I not successfully accomplish that? I'll tell how that story unfolds. Yeah, Listen man, I'm just the dice roller. Is that how that usually works? I roll the dice and you tell me what happens. Dungeons and dragons not dungeons and story time. Come on. I Mean it Did happen because I think Mark has to tell it.


So it does happen All, right? I'm small but I have moons, which is a very planetary feature. It is. I reverse the polarity of my magnetic fields to draw those some bitches in. But I angle them so that they eject me from my arbit into a very eccentric orbit through the Cooper Kiper belt where I will gather as much Magar Ari Dihi style and then angle my way back in for my eccentric orbit and hit that upstart son of a bitch Earth. Fuck 'em. They think they cannot name me a planet. I was a planet before. Any of those little bugs on the surface were ever there.


I think that's what you meant, Bob. I think that was the kind of the attitude your go for. Yeah. Yeah. And so I Wang doodle into them pool Q style bing B they go sailing. I steal their moon 'cause I lost cha on and that hurt. But Cha's part of me now and I aim Earth to go firing into Venus. 'cause if I can knock down another planet at the same time, that increases my chances of being a planet. So Earth that was thrown into the sun. You're also gonna hit into Venus on the way We, we didn't know that it went into the sun. It was a hope. Yeah, that was my intention. But Venus is on the way into the sun. It's not wrong. If it is going in, it's going in on its way to The sun. Earth is now gonna hit Venus. It's taking out Venus help.


You need a 17 or higher? 13. Damn. That's the same thing I rolled last time. Lucky number 13, Bob. Alright, I'm Pluto, I'm small, but I have moons very planetary. Reverse the magnetic field. Suck the moons in angle that some bitch so that it launches me into a highly eccentric orbit out into the Cooper Kiper Cooper belt out there. I'm gonna accumulate as much mass as I can before my orbit carries me back into the solar system where I will smash into that upstart pipsqueak son of a bitch Earth and throw those little ant douche bags down towards the sun where they belong. And on the way, I'm ling it so that the earth also smashes into Venus because the more planets I take out, the better chance I have of being named a planet.


I miscalculated a little bit. I I stole the earth's moon and that affected my trajectory. And I am now accidentally at a slightly larger, further away orbit from the sun than the earth was. But during the collision, some living creatures that were on earth accidentally transferred over onto the surface of me. And as their now home planet, I do everything I can to nurture them into evolving into a species that will worship me as the planet they know and love and came into existence upon. I hope you at home can regurgitate all of that.


Good luck Mark. Alright Bob, you need a 16 or higher? I've gotta Get it Mark. I don't think I got it. Mark All right? Let me tell you how this is gonna go down, right? Look, I'm small, but I got moons. Very planetary, very demure. I reverse the magnetic polarities bringing Charron and my little tiny extra moon. But I got two. Take that earth angle it. I go out Cooper Kier belt, Bradley Cooper, my way to extra mass angle eccentrically back in towards that fucking piece of shit. God damn shit. Stain of a planet Earth steal their bitch. It's mine.


Now go hang out with Venus in hell push it out of the way. Oh, what's this? There's things on me. They're growing. I am going to take care of them. I'm not gonna wash, I'm not gonna bathe. They're gonna love me and despair like Galadriel. But you know what else? You know who is eyeball giving me the stink eye? You know who's giving me the stink eye? Earth's protector. Jupiter Earth's protector. Jupiter been like, I've been protecting that son of the bitch from every threat which way to Tuesday. And he is giving me the stink eye. But you know what? I've played games a lot and I know a weak spot when I see it. This moon don't need it like an Olympic spinny.


Big rock thrower. Dude. I take that moon and I start spinning because it moon's not loyal to me. I don't need it slick. Right? For the big red butt hole in Jupiter and I bullseye it, blasted out another plant it down All. right? Let's see if that works. You need a 15 or higher? God, I hope that works. 16. Okay. Well this is feeling very familiar. I feel like last time we played this game, I didn't win a single dice roll. If I recall. It was shocking about how that works somehow on this show where somehow it's always the same no matter how many times I get dice rolled in my favor. Don't worry Bob, this is your time to shine.


Got it. are you ready for your scenario? Do I go first? I am. Oh yeah. I thought I was thinking Mark just won. You go. But yeah, I guess Mark, you go first this time. Remember Mark won his very first one on his first move because the dice that we're rolling is very fair. Yeah, of course. I remember that one happening. Yeah. I definitely didn't forget. Sure. Yeah. Okay, so it would be Mark's turn again 'cause that's fair. Bob, I just wanna make sure you're ready. I want you to be on your best. Oh, I'm ready. so I'm very ready. Mark, I'm not gonna ask if you're ready. We're just jumping in All, right? You're an orgasming pig and a farmer is coming to slaughter you. Oh God. What? Male or female Pig? Mark is the author of this story. Oh, Okay. Oh Good. You have at least 30 minutes Of what?


Orgasm power. What do you mean? At least 30 minutes? Yeah. The farmer's not gonna kill you during he is respectful. So what do I gotta make it last long? No, not necessarily. You just have to survive. But you could Not, the orgasm you have to survive the farmer. The farmer is the threat. The orgasm's just happening. Doesn't matter. But I thought you were ready. Come on man. Let's, what, what do you even have to think about? The first move was obvious. Okay. All. right? All right. Here we go. Dear penthouse forum. I never thought it would happen to me. There I was with Betsy.


Oh man, you've seen a pig before, right? Anyway, finish the deed. I'm barely three minutes into mid finish and here I hear farmer John's boots thundering down the roadway. I know what's up. He fed me oats that morning. I know a trap when I see it. Look down. It's not Betsy. It's a pile of straw wrapped in a blanket fool on me. Right? Well anyway, I know He's, he's Very polite. He'll make sure That I I I get to enjoy myself before my bitter, bitter end. Well two can play it that game.


I see a pale of milk that he left out, fool. He is, I I've got a bucket full of, of fraud that's gonna keep this going all night long. So long as he sees some white fluid Occurring. He's not gonna kill me 'cause he thinks I'm not done yet. Take that bucket, stealthily, slide it under me and I just Take a hoof and I go for hours. Bob, I hope you remember all. I dunno if I've ever hoped for a 20 more in my life, but I'm hoping for right now.


Damn it. Fuck God. No, mark, I, you better hope to God it doesn't come back to you. Dear Penthouse forum. I never thought this would happen to me. Here I am with Pessie. You've seen a pig, right? Anyway, here, I'm not three minutes into finishing, but I hear Farmer wants his face boots come slamming down the roadway. And I know what that means. He fed me oats this morning. I know what that means. I look down and it's not even Betsy. It's just a pile's straw wrapped in a blanket.


It's okay though. 'cause the farmer's very polite. He would not dare slaughter me until I'm finished finishing when I wield my most deadly weapon as a pig. Oh, oh. You know my diarrhea that I can't stop from coming out violently. And so I just said, just jump all over 'em and just try and smother 'em with shit and see if I can hold them down and, and drown 'em in my own shit. Thank you For keeping that succinct boil. Let's roll the second day. God, I hope I don't get a 19 So poor. Oh no. It's Mark's turn. I can't believe you remembered every single Detail except for Farmer John's name.


Yeah. Whatever the fuck his name was. I don't care. Don't make me, I'm sorry man. The dice spoke. It's, it's mostly your own bullshit. Didn't I know to do Eric? Dear Pans four, I never thought it would happen to me. There I was with Betsy, you know a pig, right? I'm not Three minutes in finishing I hear farmer, what's his name's boot come thundering out the way I, and I know that I know what's up. He fed me oats this morning. so I know what the game is. And I look down. It's not even Betsy, it's a fucking bale of hay wrapped in a blanket. But I know he is polite, right? I know he is polite. I feel bad, ashamed, tricked.


He's very polite. He'll, he won't finish me before I'm finished finishing. so I look around with as steal as I can see a bucket. Milk drag it under me. I go like, ah, one white substance as good as another. Did my hoof fan go? Ah. And then while he's standing there watching, kind of weird, but you know, we're in this, I started thinking with mellow pig brain and I'm like, ah, I have the ultimate plan. It took me half that bucket to, to, to think of this plan. I feign a heart attack. I know he's a sympathetic sort. He fed me oats. He made Betsy, I guess. And he would, he would not dare kill me if I'm already dying. Shake the milk off of my hoof. I lay down and go, ah. Like I got a heart attack, right?


Surprise poop attack. I jump on him when he gets close diarrhea all over. It's the only tool I got left. I have very few fluids left in my body, but I decide to shit all over him. That'll teach him a lesson he'll never forget. And while he's flailing from all the poop, I grab Betsy for later and grab his shovel that he dropped. And then in my, I, I do one of these swing with both. It's not really like a swing, it's more like a I tried to decapitate 'em. Okay, Wade, you can end this. What? See That was the third one I needed 18 or higher. Oh, that's definitely gonna happen. We haven't wasted a bunch of twenties on goofing around eight.


Hey teen. No Bob, do you Dear Penthouse form. I never thought this would happen to me. There I am with Betsy. Not three minutes into finishing. When I hear farmer wants his face, boots come slamming down the drive. And I look down and it's not even Betsy. It's a bale of hay with a blanket wrapped around it. And I know what's happening. He fed me oats this morning. I know what's happening, but he wouldn't dare kill me before I finish finishing. He's a polite sort. And as I'm finishing, I look around and I see that he left a ba, a bucket of milk out. And I grab that and I slide it under and, and he has no idea I'm gonna be finishing for hours.


I take my hoof and I dip it in the milk and I go. And as, as I'm finishing repeatedly, I get about halfway through the bucket of milk before I realize I need to find another way out. And he's a sympathetic man. So if I pretend to have a heart attack, he'll probably come check on me and his guard will be down. And so I wipe the milk off my hoof and I lay over on my side and I go like I'm having a heart attack. And the farmer comes in and drops a shovel behind him and he's checking on me. And as he leans over to check on me, I jump up on him and starts shitting everywhere. And as my shit attack is panning out, I realize this is probably not enough to finish the job. so I reef back and I grab Bessie and then I lunge off the shit covered farmer and pick up the shovel that he had.


I don't have fingers. so I kind of have it in both arms. And I go, Ugh. And I try and decapitate him and that doesn't work. But at this point I've got an opening. He left a gate open. And so me and Bessie hightail it out the gate. And just on the other side of the path that the farmer just walked out to come slaughter me is the tractor. And I've seen this man operate the tractor hundreds of times. so I know what to do. I set Bessie down by the pedals and I say what? I say the word EU floor it. And I climb up top. Then I push buttons until that. So of bitch rumbles into life. And then I pull on some levers and then I look down at Bessie and I, I go floor it and I aim it right at the farmer laying in my shit pile.


Alright, it takes five minutes to recap the stuff. Bob, you need a 17? Oh man, I really hope for Mark's sake we get there. Oh, that's almost a 17. It Really wanted to stop on the 19th there, but it stopped at the 12. You Can, you can start up bridging things. I think. Mark, we're accumulating a lot of stuff. Dear Penthouse forum. You've heard this story before. Me, Betsy. You know pigs. Anyway, three minutes in farmer. John's coming. I'm not done coming. He, but I look down I it is a fucking trick again. Again.


It's a pile of hay in a blanket. Anyway, he comes in, he is looking at me. I know he likes to watch. I'm not about that but he fed me oats this morning. so I know he is playing. He is gonna wait till I finish. I stealthily put the bucket in milk under me, dip my paw and go. I can keep that up for hours. It gives me enough time to think. Ah, heart attack. I've done it before. I'll do it again. Shake my hoof off. Dumb idea. He comes over poop attack right in his eyes. Blast him. Grab Betsy, grab his shovel. Hell yeah, yeah. Tornado attack didn't work. I throw the shovel away. Grab Betsy again. Drag out to the outside where there's a tractor. I've seen the farmer use a tractor before I throw Betsy up by the gas pedal. I say when I say floor it do it.


I push buttons, I pull levers. Get that thing rumbling. Point it right towards where that farmer's shaking in my shit pile. I say floor it. And I remember Bessie's a pile of hay. Can't really do that. I scramble. I like shit. I'm on the other side of the tractor. It's already going. She's gonna blow if I don't divert power to the engine or the wheels. so I, I dive for the gas pedal. Push Betsy unfortunately out of the window. And I see Betsy tumble right under the tractor. Thresher blades. No, she was a pile of hay. She actually reformed back into a bale the blanket perfectly back all the way on the other side. Actually better than before.


After what I had done to that pile of hay was not in the correct shape anymore. Betsy's by me. I hit the gas pedal. Try again. Alright, I think you need a 16. Alright, IR it to self-destruct. And then I dive off with Betsy if you want something a little different. No, I Like that. I just don't know if it's gonna work. Please Dear Penthouse forum him. I can't believe it happened to me. I went be got three minutes in. The farmer wants his face. He fed me oats. I know what that means. He fed me oats. I know what that means. Again, he look down. I like On that is not even a pig.


Is a ba of hay with a blanket. What the shit tricked again. Farmer gets there. I know he likes to watch. I'm not into that but he's two point. He won't kill me till I'm done finishing. And I look around a bucket of milk. Obviously milk equals jizz. I want the milk underneath me. I take my Hoof and I can do this for hours. And I do, and about halfway through the bucket of milk, I realize he's too polite. If I pretend a heart attack, he'll get worried and come to help. so I clean the milk off my hoof. And then ah, and he comes in and, and he's flo bending down and that's when shit attack. And I shit all over him, especially his face. And he's riding around. And then I use that opportunity to go behind him and pick up a shovel that he dropped. And I also, I brought Bessy with me.


Don't forget that. And I try and tornado attack the shovel. Doesn't do nothing 'cause I'm a pig. And then I'm like whoa. And I run over to the tractor that's parked over the crossed the way. And I toss bessy by the pedals. And I'm like, when I say the word dude for it. And then I climb up and I push buttons and I pull levers, And it rumbles to life. And then I yell down at Betsy for it and nothing happens 'cause Betsy's a pile of hay. so I jumped out and I chuck Betsy out the window and she unfortunately falls into the threre blades of the tractor. But it's okay 'cause she is made a hay. So she reformed perfectly into the head ba of hay on the backside of the tractor. And the blankets wrapped around. She's even better 'cause she's not all beat up by me. Fucking her. And, and then I floor it right over to the farmer. But then I realized that the wall of my pen is made of stone.


So the tractor just goes right into the stone wall, And it and nothing. And at that point I realized the farmer always keeps a loaded cocked, ready to go shotgun hanging on the back wall of the cab of the tractor. And even though I don't have fingers, I could probably get that thing down close enough to him and then trigger triggered with the something. So I'm like, oh, shoot him in his stupid face. so I, get the gun outta the tractor and I lay down, sort of aimed it and I'm try to pull the trigger and kill him with the shotgun. Alright. 15 or higher please. No, The sixth. Alright. Oh dear.


I don't have a lot of time. I, I'm 29 minutes into a 30 minute orgasm. When I hear his footsteps coming by farmer, what's, his name's gonna kill me. He bet me oats this morning. Real nice guy. But I know what's up. I don't have long left dragon boat and milk under me. Start spewing out milk. He can't tell the difference. He's half blind. Anyway, I was half blind. Look down Betsy's pile. Hey, in a blanket. Look. Don't have a lot of time. It was great until it wasn't startling that out. And then I realized I need to do a hard attack. Go shake off my paw at the same time. Fall over, roll down. He's so nice. Comes over real close. Right within shitting distance, shitting his eyes. Grab Betsy, grab his shovel. Try to swing his cap head. And. it didn't work Too low to the ground. I go outside where his tractor is and I know that I've seen him use it before.


Throw Betsy up by the gas pedal. I say like when I tell you to floor it, you floor it. I start pushing buttons, pulling levers and I, I get it lined up. Engines rum with, I go, Betsy, floor it the pile of hay, throw it out the window. She goes in and thresher blades. No. And then she reforms into a pile of hay. Pre fucked with a blanket still on it. It's great. Save that for later. I aimed the, the tractor right at farmer drum where he is twitching my shit pile. I hit buns, I gun it. No bounces off D right in the barn. Then I look back, that D threw a shotgun down off the wall. Oh shit. That's great. Grab the shotgun. I think I can get this. Get in my mouth. Go over and try to shoot him in the stupid of face. Blink blank. Fuck. He's so nice. He just had blanks in his shotgun. He wasn't gonna kill me at all.


Maybe he wasn't gonna kill me. I apologize. I say, Hey bro, maybe I misread the whole situation. Can you please forgive me? Ye did right by me by that. Hey bale, I'm not gonna lie. Couldn't tell the difference. Why don't we just put all this behind us, pal, pal. I sh I put my just covered puff out there for him to shake pal. Buddy, you need a 14. Oh no. Why All right? I have a new strategy. I'm gonna try and get to the part where I add new stuff in one breath. Okay. All. right Dear penthouse form. I can't believe it happened to me. I'm good Betsy. Three minutes in the farmer starts walked outta the bath.


I looked down. It's not Betsy, it's a bail. A hail with a blanket wrapped around it. The farmer's gonna kill me but he's gonna wait until I'm done finishing. Oh, why is this making it harder to remember? Ah fucking shit. Alright, well the breath thing was my own rule anyway. He's not gonna kill me until I'm done finishing and I see a bucket of milk and I'm like, ah. And then I dip my hoof in. I'm like, and he's standing there watching halfway through the bucket of milk. I'm like, if I faded a heart attack. And then, and then he comes in and he's so worried and I'm like, ah. I grab Bessie, I grab the shovel and I tornado attack. Nothing happens 'cause I'm fake. Then I go outside and then there's a tractor. I throw Bess by the pedals and I start the tractor. I push the buttons, I pull the levers and I'm like, Bessy floor it. And Jalen do it 'cause she's pile head. I throw her out tractor blades. Ah, she's fine. Whoa. She's leaving hotter than before. Woo. And I floor it and the tractor hits the wall and just dk and the, but because of the don, there's a shotgun And.


it falls right down. I'm like, ooh. And I get the shotgun outta my mouth and I go and I shoot it. And it man, it's a blank. 'cause the farmer's, oh nice. Yeah. I'm like, oh man, this guy's so nice that I stick my chest paw out and I'm like, Hey, can you forgive me? Hey, hey buddies, eh pals. And he looks me through his shit, covered eyes and he grimaces and he says, I'm going to eat you myself. And I look around frantically. 'cause I realize he's not gonna forgive me. And there's an oil lamp hanging on the barn up in the rafters of the barn. And I'm like, well, I don't know if I'll make it out, but maybe we'll both die. You son of a bitch. And I jump up and I smash the oil lamp so that it bursts into a huge thing of flame.


And then tire barn is engulfed in a conflagration of flame. 'cause it's all filled with hay and all kinds of flammable shit. And the farmers laying there still trying to get his bearings back from the shit. And I stare into his eyes as he realizes that he's gonna died. It's all my fault. You need a 13? Oh good. We Not rolled higher than a six in a while. We're due. Just say it was a 13. An 11. Oh, for fuck's sake. Mark. You need a 12. Oh fuck you man. Three hour episode of mostly just this one thing. Get tennis for him. I never imagined what happened to me. You know Betsy, right? Well anyway, three minutes into my 30 minute orgasm, I hear farmer John. He's coming my way. Ah, shit.


Oats this morning. I shouldn't have known. He's gonna kill me. Look down. It's not even Betsy. He's a hay bale in a blanket. I say, fuck. Grab a bucket of milk. Then he forgot. Pull it under me. Start slinging around. He walks in, loves to watch. He sees me slinging around. He is like, oh, I better wait until he finish. He is so nice. He's so goddamn plate. Anyway, I get a lot of thinking. Time in as I'm flinging going, oh, ah. And then I realize, ah, if I fake a heart attack, he's so nice. He's not gonna kill me. If I'm already dying, he might think something wrong with me. Go over, shake my oof off with milk. He comes over real close shit in his eyes. He fells down. Grab Betsy, grab the shovel, try to tornado attack him. Doesn't work. Go out to the tractor, throw him up by the pedals. I start pulling off push letters. It fires off. I go for it. She's a bale. Hey. I throw her out the window.


She goes into the thresher blades. I go, oh. And then she's even hotter than before when she comes out the other side with a blanket still on it. Man, that was a good blanket. I hit the gas pedal, bounce off the wall, boy. Oh, shotgun. Fall down. I grab it in my mouth. I go over there. I'm like, I'm gonna blow you away. You some big click bang. It's a blank. This guy was so goddamn nice. I stick out my milk covered, jizz covered shit, covered pa. And I go like pal. He says, no. I like, well fuck you then. Anyway, he was gonna eat me himself. He says, I grabbed the lantern from up on high. I dive bomb into it. I dive up bomb into, I headbutted blasts into a fireball conflagration. It takes a whole barn covered in hay everywhere. Wood beams. I say like, oh yeah, wait baby, I can't kill you, but I'm gonna take you with me or something.


But I said something cooler than that. It was in the moment, I can't remember right now. And then as we're all burning and we're in there, he rises from the embers. He's half, you know, V from Vendetta. When he stood outta the asses, everything went. Oh, that's what he did right then and there he is naked too. Well, I mean, I'm naked too, but I'm a pig. But that's okay. And then I see behind him, Betsy. Betsy there. She's walking into the flames right behind him. He doesn't see, he's, oh, he's too busy screaming about to kill me. Removes the blanket off of herself. Wraps him And Her in the blanket. I'm like, oh my bacon sizzling. But she's sacrificing herself to take this guy down once and for all. Because a blanket's gonna seal them both up. They will both burn. And I might live, but he will die.


And I might die. I have a clarifying question. Is Betsy at this point still just a pile of Heads? It's a ba of head with a blanket. No. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Clearly. Absolutely. Okay. A hundred percent All, right? You need a 12, Bob, you're up. It's a three. Fuck I. That dice is so bullshit, Bob. You have a 50% chance. You just, dear pet house forum. I can't believe it happened to be with Betsy. I looked out, you know, a pig. Three minutes in the farmer starts walking down. I looked down again. Betsy's made a hay. Oh no. Farmer comes down. He fed me oats. I know what that means. But he's gonna wait to kill me until I finish finishing. Oh man. I'm starting to lose bits of it. And I'm like, well, I could finish forever. I see a bucket of milk. I slide that between my legs. I dip my hoof in and I start going.


And I'm doing that for hours. And about halfway through the bucket of milk, I'm like, oh, fake heart attack. And then I shake the milk off my hoof. And I'm like, and he comes in 'cause he is stupid. And he looks at me. And as he is bending over, I guards down. I jump all over and I shit all over him. And that doesn't kill him. I don't know why it wouldn't. I grab the Bessie and I grab the shovel and a tornado attack and that doesn't do anything. And so I grab Bessie. I'm like, ah, tractor. And I chuck her up by the pedals. I pulling levers and pushing buttons and rumbles to life. And I aim in it to fall. I'm like, floor it. Nothing happens. Bale of hay. I chuck her out. She goes into the fresher, nothing happens. Bale of hay, but sexy. And then I floor it, And it wink, hit the wall and farmer not dead, shotgun falls. And I'd grab the shotgun and I'm like, oh, I'll kill him. And I feel he was getting click bang. Oh, it's a blank.


Oh he's so nice. I stick out my giz mud shit, milk covered hoof. And I'm like, friends. And he's like, I don't fucking eat you. And I'm like, oh. Then we'll both die. And I smashed the oil lamp And. it bursts into a conflagration and the whole barn's going up 'cause it's filled with hay and shit and on. And I'm looking around and he's not dying. And I'm like, Ooh, I'm sizzling. And then I see Bessy jump into action and jump on the farmer and wrap her hay, hay bale arms around him and the blanket and seals him uptight. And then turns him into a hot pocket. I'm gonna cook in the barn. And I'm like, oh, he is definitely dead. Now I'll get the rest of my revenge on his family.


And I go hop in the tractor and drive up towards the farmhouse. Then as the tractor is floored right at the farmhouse, I find another oil lamp. 'cause it's an old tractor that I smashed the oil lamp all over the outside of the tractor. And now it's a big rolling fireball. And. it crashes into the farmhouse to kill the rest of his family. You need an 11, right? Please, please, please, please. You did it. It's a 15. Oh, the curse has been broken.


Welcome to my side of the dice. Roll mark. Where you never win. And it only gets worse. That was, that was quite, that was quite a battle. Many phases. What? What was the first thing that happened where you did it? Bacteria. I was so excited for the bacteria killed the human. I was like, man, we're gonna start off strong. We had the shortest and longest nod win all in this episode. You guys remember Pluto? That was fun. Very planetary feature.


This episode is brought to you by Batman Arkham Shadow. Available only on me. Quest three and three s. I'm just excited to be able to use Batman's gadgets, Shock glove punch, the Rat King, just the bat versus the rat. That's gonna make for some really good headlines. Become the Night Batman aum. Shadow is included when you buy me Quest. Three or three s available now. Learn more@batmanaumshadow.com T For Team A shadow only vr. MedQuest three and three s offer valid on qualifying products purchase September 25th, 2024 through April 30, 20, 25. Terms apply.


Looking for a great non-alcoholic beer. Yeah, try athletic brewing Co one that actually tastes great. It's athletic or that has a variety of styles. It's athletic or that. That's award-winning and seemingly everywhere it's athletic. Just ask for it. Okay. Can I get an athletic? Sure. Can the rest of you go to ask for athletic.com and find the number one non-alcoholic beer brand in the US at a retailer today near beer.


Going through the points here. Bob, I'll start with you. Oh, Bob, you got a point for you got points for tiny car, ACE Ventura. Embarrassed pig recollection. Milk equal Gizz. Feel me? Oats. Feel me. Oat. Oh, something. Oats times three. Feed me oats. Yeah, you kept saying he fed me oats and then he fed me. I found it really funny. Made me laugh. Yeah, I know what that means. He fed me oats. I know what that means. He fed me oats. One breath fail cliff. Not Paul. Kill his family. And you rolled a 15 for the win. All the stuff in between. The one breath recollection and the end didn't know nothing.


There's a lot of points there. See, Bob, your problem is you get too many funnies too quickly. He can't keep track of 'em all. I try to ration my funnies like a, like a pig's orgasm. I just draw it Out. Mark, you got points for 122 terabytes. Pubes made cry slathering, 20 wind bacteria Pluto 15, roll to 16 Betsy's hay. Bye bye Betsy Jizz paws. 'cause you changed the hoof to a paw halfway through. I feel better about the things I got points for now, I guess. How No one got a point for Flooring.


I was probably too busy actually laughing at that point. Oh no, There was a point, Bob, where you were talking and I think Mark and I were just, just fucking dying. We were Laughing so hard. God. Oh man. I like the first recollection you did, Bob. I couldn't believe you remembered every fucking detail. That's The game. Nah, whatever the fuck his name was. Bob, You finished with 10 points Mark, you finished with nine points making Bob the winner. That's Fair. I I, oh a fucking ghost rider Pig with a tractor going up. One of the kids look out the window like, mommy, I see something. The sun's rising again. Years later, one of the survivors is reading penthouse and they see where this was And they thought the pig died when it rolled over those.


And then it's like, oh no, that means, looks behind fire. Starts looming at a pig in the doorway. Yeah, Bob, you won. So you get to give a winner speech. Yay. Dice rolls. It always feels good to win. And. it feels even better to win. When I earned it, that was the first one. I mean, we haven't done this a lot. That's the first time we played a game like that where it got so long. I actually was struggling to remember a lot of it by the end there. I just, some details definitely started to disappear from my recollections. Yeah, mark Loser speech. I Think If I could remember Korean vocabulary as well as I remember these stories.


I think it just goes to show that if you wanna remember anything, start weaving the most absurd tale you possibly can and you'll remember it. You, you will remember it. But you know, I think that as, as as great a start. I gave the pig one or cursed Bob really took it home with that one. He had some great contributions, some real vengeful ideas and I, I concede the, the victory to Bob for that. That's, that was well, well, well won. I almost died laughing. There was a point where there I couldn't breathe. Cannot Disagree with you there. I also felt like that was happening at one point. But good episode boys. Thank you all for watching. If you haven't already, go follow Bob at me Market. Market player, me at Minion. 7, 7 7 or Lord Minion seven.


Seven, seven. Stay tuned for the next one. Well Bob will host and who knows what we'll do. Until then, podcast out oh merch practical store.com podcast. Really out.