
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Messy Mark has office problems and sets up diced, dependent, dastardly death matches. Wanted Wade ejaculates as he finds himself permits potential petro side whips, pussy fires, kamikaze and is tantalized by turds. Bearish Barb as a transformative video tycoons. And taverns then gets horny and blows for eagles. From cream pies to sink to spelunking. It's time for, nah, I'd win.


Now. sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hello. Welcome to Distractible. I'm wearing the exact same shirt I was before, but if you're just a listener, you don't know that I'm slovenly. Thank you so much for attending this podcast and being with us here for another week of wonderful entertainment. For The listeners, I want you to know Mark is wearing a, looks to be like a gray shirt to me. Wrong. It's brown. He's got a wet looking thought bubble with an eggplant in it. But the shirt is, it says Wiscon. Yeah. Oh wait, I thought we were doing the same game from last time. That's my bad. No, no, we're not actually, no, not at all.


There Is a green cloud coming from Mark seat. No, there's not. No, absolutely not. This is the podcast where everything is complete nonsense and we basically just use it as a soundboard for random ideas that we come up with. And if it works, it's great. We'll never do a sequel. If it doesn't work, don't worry. We'll never do a sequel Except for tear lists. We got like nine more tear lists coming down the pipe. Get ready everybody. How many Of those, we don't even done that. Many of those how we done like three, Like 4, 3, 4, 5, 3 or four on tops. But we do part twos of them sometimes and people really don't look to That's Because we don't finish 'em. You gotta finish the tear list, otherwise it's pointless. Yeah, you're right. You're right. But we're here and we've lived a lot of life since the last episode. So what life have you guys lived since the last episode?


I found myself. Where Were You? Right here in this chair. I looked in the camera and there I was. Maybe you're trapped in the camera. Ooh, Pow pow. My pen doesn't seem to be working. Your pen doesn't work. It's Kind of half working, but it's not really. It's kind of working. Just get some ketchup, man. No, I used hot sauce. I have buffalo sauce here in a cup. That'll work. That'll work. You Gave some spicy points. I did a spicy episode. You could too. Remember dick at you. I had to look up some wikis on how to control my ejaculate after that one. I think You mean how to increase your ejaculate? Oh, is that what it was? Yeah. That Or control your urge to masturbate. Those were the two Hand check.


I'll do one at a time. Why Can't you just let go of it for a second? Oh, I can't do it man. How do I control it if I don't have a hand on it at all times? I'm gonna give Wade gooning points. So he's got the goon point. Do you even mog bro. I don't know what mog or Gooning is. This guy Doesn't even mu My twitch chat had to teach me what a cream pie was like two years ago. That, That's strange. I was really hoping you were just gonna go. That's delicious. I Love a good Dutch cream pie. You know, I, I can't fucking, it works sometimes lick it. I did that already. If You put hot sauce in the tube of ink, would it work?


Yes, of course it Would. The problem with that is not the hot sauce. It's that opening the tube that the ink is in is very difficult. You need like a hypodermic needle to get that in there. You're in Texas, they got those. That's definitely true. I Tell a little fun story about hypodermic needles, Hypodermic, Hypodermic, whatever the word is. Yeah. Hypodermic. They're very different than hypodermic. So They term the shit outta you. Hippo. Can I tell a story about hippo needles? Sure. I don't know if I told this story. I think I probably have, you guys might know this one, but when I was young, we were driving, I was, my dad was driving a car and my younger brother and I were in the car and there was a lady that like cut him off and like he had his window down so he yelled like lady, learn to fucking drive or something, you know, along those lines.


She had her window down too and apparently heard him. So we went to some local store. I don't remember what store it was. We were gonna go fishing. So my dad had bought some like artificial bait and stuff like that. So we go into this store and we'd literally buy hypodermic needles because my dad said something about the along lines of like, if you pump air into the artificial bait, it would do something to it when it was like on the hook. I dunno if it was true or not, but he would use the hypodermic needles to put air in the worms. Well, after buying the needles, he went outside and that lady and apparently like two dudes that were with her were in the parking lot and they were like yelling at him And. it looked like they were gonna start a fight. so I ran inside and I told the, the someone working at the store, I was like, they're gonna beat up my dad.


And like I went to hide. My younger brother's like five years old. He's got like his fists up. He's like ready to defend my dad. I ran First chance I got to get away from the situation. But yeah, police came and they, they were questioning everybody and then they like, they're like, so what'd you buy at the store? And my dad just pulls out these needles and that's my experience with hypo glut needles, Hypodermic. He put one each in each hand. He was like, I'm gonna hyper youder. Ah. Started injecting air into their veins. I call this hypo, I call this darmic. Let's Dance. Hey, what were we talking about? Small talk. I don't know if Mark led us there. I just kind of took over. I have small talk.


Okay. YouTube update. It's not about YouTube, it's about a channel. I found a channel and by found a channel, I mean a guy from a channel that I already watched left the bigger channel and started his own thing. One, the name of the channel is, I'm surprised it's not taken. It's fantastic. YouTube channel is called, I can do That. The entire vibe of it is this dude is like, he was, he was a producer or I think on Donut Media, which is like a car channel, but the, the vibe of his channel is like he, he likes to DIY stuff and he has a lot of connections to people who have like tools and things. And his first video, which he only has one out so far, but his first video, he drove from California back home in the, in the northeast like in Maine or somewhere I forget.


And then he started his, he had a free boat. Someone was giving him a boat for free on a trailer. I love boat. And he was going to drive from there all the way back to California. And as he drove across the country, he was a hundred percent free. Like either found in the trash or donated from friends or whatever materials to build the boat into like a camper on the trailer. So he built like this adorable little like tiny house camper looking thing. This is his first video and it's only 37 minutes long. He cut off part of his finger, had to buy a truck, which turned out to be in worse shape than the original truck he was using. It took him, it must have taken him three weeks or a month to get all the way across the country.


He literally made stops like in the northeast, I think maybe in the Carolinas, I think somewhere in sort of the middle of the country then down to Texas in New Mexico. He like drove around the whole goddamn country and all the, all the to get home and he has a tiny little like eight foot by 10 foot camper built on the shell of a boat. It's just fascinating. And he's a crazy dude. Like I said, he cut off part of his finger and he was like, well I have to keep going. And so he did. He did that really early on. He got off part of his finger in the first week of this adventure and was like, eh, fuck it. So anyway, fascinating channel. I'm excited to see what else he does. There's only the one video right now, but it was very good. I would recommend it. What else can he do?


I'm sure he can do anything. Probably car stuff. What Was the channel called? I can do that. I can do that. Technically it's, I can do that LOL but Oh Pat you bastard. Ah, I, I was gonna try and do a TikTok update but I gotta be honest, nothing's hitting on TikTok. I don't Know. Yeah, I've noticed that too. Either my algorithm's getting real wonky or nothing's happening. It's very strange. Like I still check it out on occasion. But they lost me. Dragon ballsy do con merged ver well not merged but they synced versions. So the JP version and the global version are on the same time scale now You were talking about that previously. It's Happened. We're here. Did you finish all of your crap? There's Always more crap. The thing about gotcha style games, there's always stuff To do.


I know, but you said there was a bunch of stuff you needed to do before the merge happened or else like it went away or something. Did you do all that? I've done everything that they've given us. Yeah. It's been a lot. It is been a lot, lot. There's been a lot of banners, there's been a lot of events but I've kept up, thank God there's been like two weeks since we've had a world tournament. so I hate those but Yeah bro, I hate world tournaments. Yeah, Me too bro. It Is just the same fight. It's the same six fights nonstop for 72 straight hours and if you don't put at least like eight hours into it, you're not getting very good rewards. It's like the old like 20 14, 20 15 mechanic that for some reason they haven't gotten rid Of. You make it sound so fun. Everything Else is fun. That is like the least fun part of the game.


And you like this game other Than that part. Yeah, it's just a very chill, fun game. I like the animations. I like Dragon Ball. That's Fair. That's very fair. I need to find another pen. This is gonna drive me insane. Don't make any handshake deals. Wait, who couldn't possibly, how Do we handshake an episode that he's hosting? I don't even know. At the end we make him win so he has to host again. Oh Clever. That would confuse him. I feel like he's not gonna go along with that, but we can try. Especially if it means he has to come up with another idea that isn't just one of our Our we were just doing pirate stuff. Ya Ah, All, right? He's back. I don't even know what a handshake is. Ya. No honor among us Thieves.


Our I'm gonna give you both Pirate point. That was great. That was good to come back to. I was really happy about that one. All, right? Is that all for small Talk? I have one more small talk that's really small and we'll only take a moment and honestly doesn't even deserve points, but I just think it's interesting. Do you guys know the game game Dev tycoon? I think I've heard that name before but I've never No, I've never played it or anything. Yes, I I have. Yeah, It's like an old game. It's been out, it came out in 2012 originally and it's been kind of rereleased and on different platforms. The studio that made that. I love that game. And there were also a lot of copycats of that game called Game Dev story and things. But it, it was, it's a very fun game. Love that game. Greenheart games. The, the company that made that game finally 12 years later has released another game and it's called Tavern Keeper.


I have heard of that one. I have not played it very much, but it's really fun. You're a tavern keeper and it's like a business management sim kind of thing. But like the style is awesome. It's, anyway, I've just really ha like I, when this popped up I was like oh my god, game dev tku and I haven't thought about that game in forever. so I was really excited. And. it is fun. Good Game. I always found it impossible for some reason I could never get games after the first couple like upgrades of office to actually do anything. They just kept flopping. Yeah, it's Really hard. Yeah, I never understood the mechanics of it. so I never got far, couldn't possibly look it up. I was really good at the first roller coaster. Tycoon. Unrelated. Keeping a tavern could be a roller coaster of a ride.


Ah, There you go. All. right. Well we're not given any segue points to that 'cause that's not in any way related to the topic of today. Ah, but shoes, What's your topic? Mark? I'll segue you. I'll, I'll give you, gimme, gimme a segue. I'll tell you if you get close, there's a segue point up for grabs. Anybody want it? Who? Who wants it? I was walking through the forest and I heard the sound of a tree being chopped down and I thought to myself, ah, well this one will definitely make a sound 'cause I'm here to hear it happen. And then I stepped on a frog And it exploded and covered me in goop. Frog Goop weirdly in a way that is sable to what we're talking about.


Lenses. are you going with that? Finally, final segue. There's gotta be at least 50% chance All, right? No Bob, you get the segue point. Congratulations. Right. Come on. A heck of a losing streak right now. Boys, you mentioned animals and one of the animals is on this list that I have here. The lens Frog. What does the lens frog say? Normal frogs say ribbit. What does a lens frog say? Action. That's not worth the point. But it may be. It may be point at you. I was gonna say Minolta. No, this is getting worse. Ben Olta All, right Bob, here's the scenario, okay?


You are a mouse. Imagine yourself as a mouse. Got it? You're a mouse embodying mouse and you are in a battle arena and on the other end of the arena is a cat. The name of this game is, nah, I'd win. How we're gonna do this, your objective is to conjure up an action for this mouse to take to help it win this fight against the cat. You can only add one action and if this does not win, it will go to Wade who will create another action. I will be the arbiter of whether that action helps you or is possible. The, let's just assume the mouse is intelligent, is is capable of planning and stuff like that.


But it can't just it it's not chest three rules. You can't summon B 52 bombers unless you can justify it. Oh man, I was already way down that path in my head. I gotta be honest. Unless you can justify getting there. But I highly doubt you can do that in one step because this'll be round robin. If you could chain up getting to a B 52 bomber, I suppose it'd be true if You rule that whatever action we've come up with is not possible, do we get to go again or do we forfeit that round? Do we do nothing? No, because it, you won't forfeit the round. You just won't add to your chances of winning. Right? So like, so like a then it's Wade's turn. If I do something that's not possible, I just go skip it's Wade's turn. No, you'll do it.


It just won't help you just roll. Okay, roll. You still might win. So how it's gonna work is it starts at 20, there is a D 20. You would have, you have to roll a D 20 right off the bat to win this fight. 'cause it's not a good chance you to get a 20 on the D 20. If you get a D, if you get a 20. If let's say you, you give your first action and I say that's not gonna help you, I don't give you a point to, it's not a point in the game. I don't give you one more level of chance, then it would be 19 if you did get something good. Is It one more roll or is it a plus one? Okay, we're plus one. It's Plus one. Gotcha. Yeah. All of these are just gonna be plus one or zero. Did we get any inspiration dice? No. What Level are we?


You're A, you're a mouse, you're level zero. So these matchups are are really unfair. Now it's gonna go after this is Wade. You have to remember the action that Bob just did. Say that. And then make your action off of that action. Oh yes. To say what I'm gonna say. Do we have to remember every action we've done or just the last one? Every action you have to retell the story. You Know, this is not my strong suit. Gonna close my Shakira tab. Bye. Shakira can't actually have fun today. Alright man, let's do things your way. I gotta pay attention. Buy porn, buy Shakira. So Bob, you are a mouse. There is a cat arena, no escape, fight to the death.


What do you do? I'm gonna go out on a big limb for my first action here and just see what it does for me. I'm gonna flesh out the arena a little bit. This is, this is not dissimilar to sort of like a coliseum type place I'm imagining. And so I'm imagining there are pillars sort of spread out among the the arena. And my first, this might be kind of a long action. My first action would be I want to climb the second pillar on my right and I would blow the horn of thar, which is mounted a top of the pillar. I'm Not gonna remember that name for the second round. What the fuck? Yeah. I wanna tell you, before Mark came up with all said all his rules out loud.


I already had thought of this so I'm really sorry but I'm really committed to this. I blow the horn of thar, which as everyone knows, will summon the five eagles of the east to come aid me in battle. Yeah. Okay, I'll remember that. I read Lord of the Rings 30 years ago. It's made up. It's unrelated to the Lord of the Rings. You blow the horn of Duran Thur from the second pillar. Okay? Even I gotta remember this shit. Alright, You're gonna need diagrams boys. Here's What I'm gonna tell you. This isn't gonna help you this turn, but in three turns the eagles will arrive, okay? And that will add a point. So in three turns there's gonna be another chance Is is one turn I go that's one wave goes that's two or is one turn I go, weight goes one turn.


Let's Say three turns after this turn. So it'd be, it'd be, let's get it back on your turn. So it would help you, let's say four turns. 'cause it would be Wade you wade you. So you need a 20 to win this fight. Oh nine mouse gets eaten while they're on the pillar. The second pillar on the right mid blow, but they get the blowout. A nine means death. I think it's either win or death. I don't think there's an in-between. That's why it's your turn. Now you, you had an action, Okay, but I need to recall what Bob did, even though that mouse is dead. Let's think of it. Elton ring rules. You respond but you gotta do the same thing. Yeah, It's like a time rewind. You just, you have to, the actions are set as we add them, but then you get to add another action.


Okay? So am I starting from on the pillar or am I starting from somewhere else? You start from the beginning but you have to remember what ha, you gotta say what happened Me, the mouse just died on the second pillar after blowing the horn of D thar to call in the eagles. True. And now I'm going to charge at the cat and use tail whip to lower its, I don't think he's understanding you Mark. I gotta be honest Wade. When when the mouse dies, imagine that everything that just happened resets back to the beginning. Yes. And you start by, you have to describe the action of climbing up the pillar, doing the thing and then that succeeds and then you do the next action. Yes. Your action has to Continue.


so I still have to cl. Okay, We're building a sequence of actions where each time we have to state the entire sequence plus another one. Alright? I respond, I climb up the second pillar, I blow the horn of dhar. Which side? Oh right, Correct. Yes. Good. Climb the second pillar. Blow the horn of dhar to summon the five eagles of bullshit. I decide from up here I have a prime opportunity to dive, spin and use tail whip to lower the cat's defenses Just gonna go right for it. Yes. Because when you run away from a cat as a mouse, the cat grabs your tail. But if you charge the cat head on it can't grab your tail with Its paw and present your tail to it by whipping it towards it.


And then you spin last minute and your tail hits it in its eyeballs lowering its defenses to ready it for your attack. All. right. I will accept that. That will give you another chance to get her. So if you get a 19, you win. Oh 11, you whip it and you still get eaten. Can I get a free Plus eight? No All, right Bob, it's your turn. All, Right? I climb up the second pillar on the right and blow the horn of Trent to seven, the five eagles of the east. I then realized I have an advantageous position and launched myself towards the cat spinning and whipping it with my tail to lower its defenses. I assume that I land slightly behind the cat and to its right.


And the cat is currently stunned by the successful tail whip. And so I use this opportunity to, if I look around, is that my action? Yeah, That would be your action. Yeah. You Already used your movement. No looking, no looking. I use this as an opportunity to try and lower the cat's movement and I lunge at their back right leg and try and like give them a really strong bite kind of right on the tendons and the meaty part of their back leg. Okay, I I'll accept that because if the tail whip did stun and then you go behind, you're in prime position to bite that leg. That's another point. You need an 18 ha. Oh it was right there. Oh it was right there. Oh, not quite right enough.


Unfortunately it scoops you up right by its leg. Your little mouse teeth did nothing and you die. Wade. I climb up the second pillar on the right. I blow the horn of thar to summon the five eagles of bullshit. I dive down, get right in front of the cat spin, using tail whip to temporary lower its defenses land behind it to the right or I don't look around but I use the opportunity while it's stunned to bite its back right leg. And then whenever that doesn't do enough, I use my swift action, my free action to rage you increasing my constitution and strength, but lowering my AC because I'm one hit kill anyway. And while raging I use punch.


Well that's two actions. No free Action to rage. No, that was a swift action. He is allowed, allowed free Action to rage in Barbarian. That's allowed. That's allowed. Oh, I see. Alright. Shut up host. You don't know I play a barbarian every Wednesday, man. I know what I can do as long as I'm not fatigued. I can rage. Well it would help if this was d and d but All, right? I suppose I'll let you Do that. It still only counts as one though, but I'll Allow it. I just want you to know my health and strength are raised. What are you punching? Oh, The part I just bit, it's already exposed. Ah, I see. Okay. So yeah, All, right? Okay, so you 17 would would get it. Yep.


Oh, The cat explodes in a visceral blood. Oh my God. You, you freaking blow up the cat. You hit it. My barbarian mouse is annihilating everything. You did one of those fist of the North star, you punched it right at it. It's like a it's nerve point that made its head explode. Have you ever seen fist of the North Star Meow? Yeah. Something like that man. And to think the Eagles show up right after that and are like, I Know. Why'd you, why'd you blow the horn? Did you just want us to see this cat explode? Because pretty fucking cool.


I just wanted the Eagles to watch me get this sick ass kill on this cat. You should have accepted me as one of your own. are you not entertained? That was an impeccable finish. That was really, I didn't think that'd work, honestly. You know, raging and punching. I, I almost got there, but Bob was on your side. so I guess we'll have a rule where if Bob, if I'm in doubt your opponent can be on your side if the action feels justified, I'll Remember your leniency. Bob, I feel like Ra raging is fair. I think that was a fair action. Good episode. Mark, Do I get bonus points for making my steps is convoluted and hard to remember as physically possible. You might down the road if you can make it more complicated for Wade.


If Wade can't remember him, this Is gonna be fun. Wade. Bob, I just said I remembered your lead. See, don't do this man. Don't do this to my brain. I appreciate that. Mark was on top of you kept saying draft nar And. it was draft nar Mark. Mark took note of that. I do appreciate That. I just, my, it's my country accent coming out. I was, I was saying what y'all are saying, you know, bile, the oil and all that boil the oil. You B the oil That a southern accent boil the Aisle. Boil the aisle.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talk and text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do That? Well, goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details.


Wade, you are a fly, you're hovering in an arena. Got it. We're at the center of the arena is one of the biggest frogs you've ever seen on one lily pad. And its tongue can reach you anywhere in the arena. But there's also pillars I guess. So there's still pillars. Oh, there's still fill, right? Great. I dunno why there's pillars, but Just arenas have pillars. I mean is the arena water other than the lily pad? We'll Try to replicate the natural environment these would occur. So the frog's on a lily pad that's surrounded by water, it can't really move from where it is, but it can, its tongue can reach the walls pretty much all around it. Does that tongue do a full wraparound of that pillar?


It might. Let's assume it can because if you don't succeed in your action, it's gonna get you so All, right? Wade, you're fro, you're a fly. There's a frog. What you do? I fly. I fly up and up and I die. Bomb that some bitch All. right? I don't know if that's helps you actually, I dunno if that's how it will Bob, do you think that helps him? I Don't He didn't do any, the frog is literally just like, Ah. Oh no, I've got my little fly leg out. I'm flying Full speed. I'm gonna punch it with my fly Powers. All. right? Well you didn't rage beforehand, so I'm not, I'm not gonna give you any points. You have to get a 20.


You did not rage All. right? Here we go. I used fly. You actually flew up first. So you made yourself not three. You didn't, that did not go well for you. Am I alive? No, you got eaten. You also, you flew up giving it time to track. You then curved and dived down. So Bob, this is a really hard place to start. I fly up and up and up and then I dive bombed that motherfucker. But I, as I enter my dive, I know that my goal is to get the frog to fire his tongue off and dodge it so that I can get inside of the radius of his tongue and get up close. And so as I'm diving, I'm like maneuvering and just waiting and I hopefully I dodge the tongue and I'm like, land right between his eyes, right on his face.


And then I'm ready for my next move. Alright, so you land between his face. That's good because that's a great place. It's tongues out. If it misses you, it's you. You're good between the eyes. 19. Oh, it, you act, you miss the eyes by that much. You land right in the mouth. Okay, so Wade, go from there. I Fly up, up, up. I dive bomb. But I dive bomb knowing. My goal is for him to stick that tongue out though, so I can dodge it and get in close, get it within his radius for attack. So as I come down, that tongue comes out and I'm bobbing, I'm weaving, I'm maneuvering to get around that tongue. And I land between his eyes. I'm here now. Nothing great.


Seems to have happened. So what do I do? I crawl down. I see a little turd behind the frog. I'm tempted, I ignore. So what do I do instead? Bite his hind corners. My cousin was a horse fly. I saw him bite someone once and they went ow. And I'm like, if they can do it, I can too. Do we know enough about flies to say that they do or do not have biters? I mean, most fly, most common flies can bite. Right? They Got scutters, they got A little SCUs. But let's just assume they can Need a turd. They can eat a skin All, right? Yeah. All. right? I'll give it to you unless, nah, I'll give it to you. No, I I mean the flight's gotta be able to do something. Yeah, exactly. All, right? All right. It's 18.


Oh it, oh, it was pretty close. It is 15. Can I get a temporary plus three? Not quite enough. You, you couldn't resist the allure of the turd. And you let your guards down. I did resist it. I bit the butt instead. But man, it looked good sitting there. No, I think, I think he failed. Okay, Bob. Okay. I fly up and up and up and I dive Bob and that motherfucker, and I bob and weave, knowing the whole time, my goal is to get him to launch his tongue out there. And I dodge it and I get in close inside his radius. I land on his face. are you maneuvering? are you maneuvering? I'm maneuvering. I'm maneuvering. Don't help him. I land right in between his eyes, right on his face. He missed me. His tongue is way out there.


Instead of doing something to his very vulnerable eyes or ear for some reason, climb around to his ass. And I look and there's a piece of poop right behind him. But I'm like, no. And instead I bite him on his hindquarters. And when that does actually nothing, and he literally doesn't even notice. I decide to crawl down to his little butt hole and see if I can get inside of him. Bob, this was my idea. This is where I wanted to go. Oh, okay, good. I I picked up what you were laying down. Yeah. Oh, Because I was right there. The tushy was there. I had to take a little bite. I'll, I'll, I I think that definitely would put you at an advantageous position, but it's a risky maneuver. Let's see if it pays off for you.


17 has a Frog ever Butt chugged the fly Five. It, it has now with a five. Yep. It sure did. The power full shrink crushes you like a fly and that you're dead All. right? I fly up and up and up. I go, oh, how high? Very high. What do I do next? I dive bomb. But my goal the whole time is to get him to stick that little tongue out and get, try to hit me. But I know that's what he's gonna do. So I'm dodging, I'm weaving, I'm maneuvering my way all the way down to land, right between his eyes. And what do I do there? Nothing. I don't go for the eyes. I don't go for the mouth. I don't go for anything. The brain. I climb my way down to the, Ooh, is that a poop?


I'm not going for it. Instead, I'm gonna Oh, bite you right on the cheek there. That didn't seem to do much. We're going in baby, but I know I died last time. So what am I gonna do? I'm gonna buzz my way and my little fucking wings are going crazy as I enter to make sure that I'm keeping some space around. And so I can do some spin maneuvers and use my sharp cutting wings to play 'em from the inside Tornado Attack. All. right? So you, you've opened up the tornado of pain inside of his rectum. That actually, I feel like that would be as devastating as it could be if you hit it with the right speed and angle. It might work. Was it 16?


16 needed to It was a 17 last time. So yes, Four. Turns out your wings were just that strong enough. They crumple like paper and then you're, you're sandwiched between two turds and you're smooshed. Best Way to go out for a fly. Really? I don't know why there's a turd behind you now, but there is, My god, it followed me in. I fly up and up and up and then I turn and dive from knowing the whole time I'm gonna get him to shoot his tongue out and miss me. And I'm dodging and diving and I'm maneuvering and I land right between his eyes ignoring the obvious advantage I've given to myself. I crawl, crawl around to his butt and I bite him right on his cheek.


Oh, there's poop though. But I ignore it 'cause it's not time for a snack. And then when I bite him on his cheek and nothing happens, I climb into his butt and unleash my devastating tornado wing attack just as I can I can I improvise what the frog does here? Yeah, Sure. Absolutely. Just As I planned the sudden searing pain and this frog's rectum causes him both to leap off of his one lily pad in the entire arena and eject me out with so much force that I actually bounce off the lily pad and back up into the air as the frog leaps away splashing into the water. I'm hovering above the poop, which I'm trying to ignore planning my next move.


So it's more of a result of the action. But you Yeah, Actually I didn't actually do anything. Can I guess, can I still make an action for the fly? Is that allowed? I will say yes. Alright. Yeah. You alright? I'm hovering. I notice on a nearby floating piece of detritus, which is probably where these things hang out, there's a bot fly and bot flies like to catch smaller insects and lay their eggs on them. And then when that insect bites another thing, the egg is implanted and the bot fly larvae eats the flesh of the thing that the thing is implanted. so I fly over to the bot fly and I buzz up at 'em and I'm like, which is of course bot fly ease for give me some eggs all over me quick.


It's life or death. Which was the bot fly obliges. Because they're actually pretty chill even though they're kind of horrifying creatures. All, right? I see you're going, you're you're preparing for the sacrificial play. Oh great man. Thank you for keeping it simple. I'll allow it. 15. And you, this'll pay off for you kind Of rooting for you. so I, don't have to spell all that back. Ah Shit. Ooh, that's rough. It turns out the frog gets you before the eggs, There was a lot of extra, you could boil it down to what actually happened, I feel like. And it's, there was a lot of w wavering on my part there. Okay, I'll allow some ions. I fly up very high up plan, dive down. I'm diving.


I want that tongue though. Why? so I can dodge weave, maneuver and I do, and I fly down land right between its eyes where I don't take advantage of that location. No. Instead I slide right on down. Ooh. A pootie. No, now's not the time. Ooh, that asto take a bite out of that. Didn't do much. Hey, a hole we're going in, but we're not just going in. We're going in tornado style. Oh shit. It didn't do much. Frog. Oh what God, I feel, ah, I go flying out frog leap into the water. Oh, whoa. I'm a little disoriented. What do I, oh, look at that. Some detritus floating around. I'll fly down where I see a a bloat fly.


A bloat fly. You say yes. No, actually I said bloat. Ah, okay. I thought it was French, but no it's not. In fact it's just a bloat fly. What does it do? It lays weird eggs. Eggs, no. Yes. Eggs. Creepy eggs. Eggs that kill. So what do I do? I say and it's like, yo, I got you bro. Spits its eggs all over me. And there I am covered in eggs. What do I do? Wait for the frog to reemerge. I see it. It's butts are back. I go back in. We're going in for seconds boys. But now I'm covered in eggs. I'm playing the long game. Is my lifespan short? Yes, but I'll still win at the end. That frog's going down.


I'll give you one last chance to pronounce the name of the fly friend that you talked to. A bloat fly. What is that what you said? No, I said an actual animal is Bloat fly from fallout? Yes. I think it's from a video game. I'm pretty sure It is called a bloat flag. You, you said it so close the first time and then you changed the pronunciation. A Blow at fly, a black fly, a bat fly. I don't know if this is enough to ruin his whole turn, but it is disappointing. Look, I we, the description's getting so long. I'm gonna give it to him. Bot Fly. Bot fly. Yes. Yay. Bot fly. Yeah, bot fly. That's it. 14, right?


Or was it, is it 13? I can't, I, why can't I remember the numbers? I'm too busy paying attention to this craziness. You guys are saying I had a 17, Bob had a 16. This should be a 15 For me. No, 15 just happened. This should be 14. Okay. It should be 14 I think. All right? Here we go. Boink. Whoa. Shockingly the second turn inside the ass with an 18 has somehow it's like exploding eggs or something I guess with the assistance of your bot fly friend. Very close on not getting that really Thought it was bloat fly. I'm disappointed in the word itself for not being bloat fly. Hey, the fallout bloat fly is based on the bot fly. Well that kind of makes sense. So in an indirect way I was correct.


You were so close All. right? Bob, are you ready for one more round? I did not expect I had a whole list of different matchups here. I had so many, What? Do you want us to keep it simple or something? No, no, no, no, no, no. I love this. This is fantastic. Oh, we We're weaving an intricate tapestry of survival against all odds. A real David versus Goliath All. Right? We're opening up the area, Bob, you're in a stream, you're a salmon, you're swimming up 'cause you got one objective fucking die. But in your way, there's a bear bear standing right at the top of a waterfall. It's only, it's a very narrow one.


It's almost exactly the width of the bear. But there's a little bit of room on either side. So there's no avoiding the conflict. You're within range of the bear. But there is space in between the bear. And obviously it's a river, river banks, but you're a fish. You'd have to really justify something. But I'm, I'm willing to accept whatever My first move is to actually swim downstream a little or kind of stay where I'm at and just look around. 'cause the salmon spawn is a big event and there's usually a lot of fish swimming upstream to go and do the, do the fucking. And so I look, and I'm hunting for a big enough group and I see a group of six or seven salmon all swimming together and Assassin's Creed style blend into their group and start going with them upstream.


You pull your salmon hood down, you took away your salmon knives and your wrist starts slowly touching everyone's salmon. Shoulders At samo casually pulls his head down and starts walking. Very inconspicuously Samo Samo at at samo sio salmon. Yeah, at samo. At samo atory Salmon's creed. I'm gonna give you a a a a preparatory point here because it's not an aggressive action and you're blending in. So it's really just like, does the bear see through your disguise, I guess is a question mark. It almost feels unfair to roll it, but I don't want to change up the game too much. But I'll give you a point for that one for sure. I'll Take a, I'll take a passive round.


I if you don't wanna roll it that there's technically no confrontation in what I did. Sure, yeah, no, if you could just Add that the goal is to win the fight and I didn't engage in the fight. That's fair. Yeah, Sure. You but you have a point. So there is a point on the board, this is a great starting point and I don't see how it could, it could get you killed, but we'll just like, we'll abstain from the rule for this one. You can't win, but you have put yourself in a good advantage. Yeah, we're working on it. Wait, I'm swimming upstream. I look around, I see a pack of salmon, six or seven of them, I decide to pull down my hood, hide my flip daggers. I go and I blend in a round is usually about six seconds. So this is about six seconds. I know. In six seconds I can also have sex twice. So in order to build my confidence, we're gonna fuck twice.


I'm also gonna take a passive round. That's not how salmon reproduce, but that's okay. Yeah. Do you know how salmon Produced? That's how Ed Sao Atory does it. Do you think they they they have a fish penis. I got a quick trigger. Well they sure Do that. That is true. Spring loaded dagger. Spring loaded cock. Let's do this. You know what, I'm not What was your action here? Fucking the passive round. Bob took a passive round. I'm taking a passive round. All. right here's the scenario because this is how it actually would happen. You have one, there's one female in the crowd and all the others are males waiting for the female to lay its eggs. And then they all basically go over to the eggs and just So you Got there just in time though.


I blended so good. Yeah, exactly. They didn't see you coming. No, they saw me coming Again. Preparatory action. I dunno how that helps you because you wouldn't you be tired afterwards. He's he's building our confidence. He's building our confidence. Yeah. So now we're at plus two All. right? Our goal is death. We're getting ready for it. That's for you Bob. I wanna keep it fair. All, right Bob, it's in your turn. Alright, So I, have a look around. I spot a big group of fish, six or seven swimming together. I go over there, I pull my hood down. I had my flip daggers. I blend in. I decide it's a good time before the fight to have a little sex. so I do that twice.


Just to build, to build twice as much confidence. Yeah. Spread your salmon. No, Ate 'em. Keep going, keep going. Oh, don't want to get salmonella. No, no, no, no. You lost. You lost. Okay, Bob, keep going. So now I'm feeling really confident. I, I'm assuming my cover is broken 'cause of all the sex. So now I'm just amongst a crowd of obviously unrelated fish. As we were traveling upstream doing our sex out in the move, we're very close to the waterfall now, like at the at where the water's coming down and splash again.


So that's a point where it's time to like jump up and I let the pack around me start to go and jump into the air. And then I jump and I sort of use them like I'm Mario and they are bricks floating in the air and I jump and sort of like ping pong my way up. so I have a really aggressive and high jump out Of the water. Ah, I see Much higher than a normal average salmon jump. I fucked your eggs. Basically, I'm gonna assume you get about to eye level with this bear, which has now spotted you, but you're at least eye level. However, I would assume you're not within biting range, but you're probably still within swiping range now because you can only jump forward.


So I'm gonna assume that this is, it does put you in po in advantageous because you're higher than you would be. So this is good. 17. And you get this bare Oh 12. Ah, not quite. You were probably going for the assassin strike with both flippers out, but it spotted you beforehand. So unfortunately you got eaten in this reality. But in Wade's reality, something else happened. Sure Did. I'm looking around as we swim upstream. I pulled down my hood hide my flip daggers blend in with a crowd of six or seven. I'm fitting in female laying eggs. I'm there. Oh, oh twice done. The males in the pack are like, oh fuck this guy.


And they start swimming upstream. They're kind of hopping outta the water a little bit as they're making their way up. I take advantage of this moment. I hop one to the next, to the next, to the next. I'm up in the air eye level with this bear. And what do I do? I look him right in the eye and I spit on that thing. Was that fag you spit on? Just to be clear, The bear's eyes. Oh, okay. He learned his lesson from the the frog ground. Go for the eyes. Okay, so 16. 16. And you, you somehow this might kill it. I don't know. Oh my god. 17. Holy Shit. It turns out the bear would drown at a teaspoon of water. Oh man, this bear was actually on its last lake.


It was starving. Just shaking there at the top of the water. Oh God, please just jump into my mouth. Ooh. And then you spit in its eye And. it just keels over. It had never been spat on before. It had a heart attack from surprise. It was actually a bear crow. It was just a stuffed like standing there To Try to corral this, the salmon. Wow. Yeah. This has been a bit of an unfair sweep. I don't know why, but the dice have been all in your favor, Wade. It Sounds like I have a history with dice. Here's the thing though, Bob and Wade like you can agree with it. I'm gonna give you one chance to earn some points here. I won't tell you how many. If you can accurately describe the fight between the mouse and the cat right now, I'll give you points for certain key things that you remember.


Wade, does that sound fair? You did do a clean sweep here. Yeah, Sure. You know, just, just for the sake of remembering a great fight, All, right? I'm the mouse in the arena. I climb the second pillar on my right and I blow the horn of draft nar to seven to five eagles of the east. I realize being up so high, I have quite the advantageous position. And I jumped down towards the cat and, and whip it with my tail right in the eyes. And I land behind the cat to its right and the tail whip has stunned the cat. And as the cat is stunned, I turn around and I bite it on its right rear hide quarters and oh no, I think I'm actually forgetting the rest of it.


Hang on. I bite it on this 10, 10 seconds. Yeah. I bite it on its right rear leg and then I climb in its asshole And I explode. But that kills both of us. So technically I win. You were So close man. You were so close. You're So close. You rage. Oh yeah. You rage and then punch. Ah, And you Punch it in the bite hole. Yeah, that was, that was the key thing. Although jumping in its ass has is a proven strategy. Takes a couple attempts in the ass in and out, but you'll, you'll get there. Practice makes perfect. I gave you points for Wade's ideas in that segment that you got.


You, you did get tail whip and you did get rear right waver. are you the rear right bite? No, you do. You were the dodge. Exactly. I think I said that. But So it would just be just the tail whip. No, it was a leaping through the air. We finished the cat pretty quick. It was that fucking frog that took forever. The frog took a while. The, the bear in the or the bear in the cat not chumps. Basically that that fight was over. So I'll give you, I'll give you, I'll give you two points for remembering that All, right? That was a shitty bear. Yeah. Dead bear Sucked. I thought the fight was just getting started when I spat. Oh yeah. I had so many thoughts. I was like, man, we're All, right? We're finally gonna start doing stuff now. And then he just Died. Dude, this bear must have been terrified. His sees a salmon then it just vanishes.


What? And it hears an orgy going on. Huh? Then suddenly jumps out among other fishes. What Dude coming two times before a fight is a guaranteed win. All, right? So Wade, you got a goner point, you got a coward point, you got a pirate point, you got a point for killing the cat. You got a point for killing the frog. You got a point for killing the bear. You, you murdered this whole round. I mean even though it was pure luck that it was you, but you still won and therefore you got the kill. It's like League of Legends last hit wins. Bob, you got a can do it point. You got pirate Point, you got segue point and you got plus two points for remembering most of that story. Unfortunately, that puts you at five points to Wade's six points.


So congratulations Wade. By pure luck you have succeeded and survived. Thank you. I choose to award all of my points to Mark to host again for a part two where we can keep fighting animals and creatures for you. See Mark, when you stepped away, Bob and I had a handshake deal that whoever won would not and you would win. And I'm honoring that handshake. So Here's the thing about that handshake deal. Neither you nor Bob have any power in this Episode. Bob, tell him No. What? What I was literally saying as Mark came back and sat down, I was like, well the only real problem with this is he doesn't have to do it.


I missed that part. Okay. All, right? Let's say All, right? I'll give you one point advantage for that being possible. So if he rolls at 19, you win. Yeah. Oh, 14. Oh no. A four is just a nine. That's afraid. No. Alright. Congratulations Wade. You Win. Thank you. I mean here regrettably and against my will because Bob and I had a handshake that I thought was flawless. Untouchable. And there was no way it could be overdone. I forgot that the host has all the power. Yet here I stand with this gold medal in a place I don't want to be thinking about all of the creatures I've murdered today. I am the true David, though I thought my name was Wade.


I'm going to take a sip of this drink now and let you guys talk. That was beautiful. Congratulations on your amazing victory. Bob. You lose today, but that's okay. Yeah. 'cause there's a consolation prize. You get to breathe an ad.


Today's loser speech is brought to you by mug root beer. You know the feeling it's 3:00 PM on Thursday, it's too late for coffee, it's too early for a beer. So you walk around aimlessly in search of a mysterious third beverage. That's when you need mug root beer. Drink mug root beer and let them know you got that dog in you. Honestly, I had a really fun time. I thought this episode was really entertaining and the dice just really didn't want me to have any success or joy in my life. And, it is hard to blame them. I guess the only thing that I wish had happened that didn't happen in this episode is I what, could you just have waited to kill the cat until the eagle showed up? Could we just have gotten the eagles into the mix just to see where that go. Even just for a turn or two. Could you just have chilled out? I Didn't wanna kill anything that fast, man. I, I wanted the bear. You raged. You raged at the cat's ass. It still was only one point. Anyway, everything else was awesome. I just really wanted the eagles to come. I wanted to to have the eagles around You. Regret the eagles. I regret not having more time with the bear. You know who Got, who got that dog in them is that salmon didn't die once. Salmon, well, I guess it did die once, but yeah, that's Salmon got the salmon did it. It's Not that salmon's fault that I got it killed. I suck that salmon is good. Today's loser's speech was brought to you by my group beer. It's the perfect third beverage for any occasion. Caffeine free. Carbonated and delicious. So drink mug, brew beer. If you got that dog in.


Well, thank you everybody for listening to this episode. Thank you for being a part of this podcast. Thank you, you, Bob, and wait for participating. And yeah, the only winning strategy is to crawl up someone's ass. so I think we can all remember that. Subscribe to the podcast. Check out our merch Distractible store dot distract Distractible store, Distractible store.com. It never sounds right, does it? No, it never sounds right. Distractible store.com. Check it out. Thank you. We'll be back soon. Podcast.