
This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. There are a lot of fraternal twins out there now. McDonald's is dropping on us. A twin we never expected. Have you boys heard about the chicken? Big Mac? The what? What does that mean? Two chicken patty special sauce, lettuce, cheese and pickles on a sesame seed bun. The Special sauce that they only use for the Big Mac, they have it on a new sandwich. Yeah, the chicken Big Mac. It's not not a Big Mac. Get it while you can at participating McDonald's for a limited time.


This episode is brought to you by Batman AUM. Shadow. Available only on Meta Quest three and three s. I'm just excited to be able to use Batman's gadgets. Shock glove punch, the Rat King, just the bat versus the Rat. That's gonna make for some really good headlines. Become the Night Batman aum. Shadow is included when you buy MedQuest. Three or three s available now. Learn more@batmanaumshadow.com T. For team bat Shadow is only VR MedQuest three three s offer ballot on qualifying products purchase from September 25th, 2024 through April 30th, 2025. Terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Accounting Plus, here's a story that's a hundred percent true and it's about how accounting is a great choice of career. Here's the facts. With accounting, you'll have flexibility, great pay, and the kind of lifestyle you've always dreamed of. It's a lifestyle that's less math and spreadsheets and more traveling, personal and professional growth, and making a positive impact on your family and community. Wanna start an exciting new chapter? Accounting Plus provides free resources that will help guide you to a successful career in accounting and personal freedom. Do more, live More? Visit Join accounting plus.com.


Good Evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Megalithic Mark passes up by Pussy footing and asks his friends for their worst moments. Lord Wantless Wade has a Titanic cranial crash and cringes over a canine ation bonanza. Bob Befuddle, zoomers bullies at band has bilingual bearcat, broke banter and totally drops the tube from nuggets of nostalgia to podcast advice. Yes, it's time for Never Hug Your Teacher. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Don't smile. This is gonna be a terrible episode. Hello. welcome to the terrible episode. This episode is horrible in every way possible. More than you can imagine and more than you'll experience because it's us. That's terrible. Who's us? Me. Markly. Hi. How you doing? And who is that? Hi. How terrible are we going for here? 'cause I You look man, this is just what it is. You can't, you can't, you can't put a price on Terrible. Oh, I could ratchet it up. If you've seen my bad episodes. This is Capitalism. We can put a price On anything. That's True. That's true. Not only is this the worst episode, it's the only episode you'll have to pay for. I are you officially trying to compete with the worst piece of shit episode ever though? 'cause I just wanna say that that's my title and my episode and I'm pretty sure it's definitely gonna remain the worst piece of shit that we've done.


And Hair. I did hair. Don't you dare compete with hair. I liked hair. Thank you Tara. Terra's classic. Anyway, who is that? I'm Kerm Man. This is going swimmingly. Wade. Who are you? Oh, it's not Wade. It's Lord Dominion. 7 7, 7. Hey guys. Classic. He says that all the time. Until next time. See you guys. My outro. Right. Hi. welcome to Distractible. This is the podcast where each of us takes a turn hosting, which is actually a revolutionary concept that I was just talking to someone about. About how like, wow, that actually is pretty, it's pretty cool. Tyler. I was talking to Tyler About it. Why? Because Tyler always hosts and drags you along to all his sports things.


No, no. Yes, absolutely. But also because it's sometimes pumps out stinkers like this one. Buckle up everybody else because it's about to get worse. They say an episode is only as good as its host. There's no need for that. I was already declaring it bad. So Down on that, I think this is gonna be a good one. I'm feeling good guys. I'm feeling, I'm feeling jazzed up. It's finally cooling off in Ohio. Not that it was that hot, but like this is the Ohio weather I live for where it's kind of rainy and kind of gray outside and it's like chilly but not cold enough that you need to like wear a coat. It's the good times. It's the good weathers. That's great. I stepped outside today as well and I, I noticed like it was extremely cloudy. But it's that kind of fog where the fog is just like covering the mountains and you can't see past a little bit.


I love those mornings. It's just very magical. But I, I don't imagine it's the same weather you're talking About. No, ours is more Midwest but it's, you know what the kind of weather it is, it's the kind of weather where you go and you get pumpkins and then you like carve pumpkins 'cause it's October we did that. It was very good pumpkin weather. I Woke up with a full clash of the titans right in my no. And a battle of the ages making sure that I could barely stand or open my eyes. I looked at the window and thought about stepping outside to enjoy the day. Then I realized there's nothing but pain today. So that I dragged myself downstairs where I took the pain relievers and here I am. Holy shit. Well that's cool. It's my great season baby.


We're back. Is that a season? I didn't, Is there a season for that? I don't know. I don't get seasonal. I get just occasional ones. But today I was blessed All. right. Well congratulations for that. I'm really proud of you and I think that we can all learn something from that. I don't know what, but we're gonna learn from it. You Should take the pain relievers when you have a clash of the titans. That's what we learned. Oh, I did. And then what They kind of worked. Listen boys, I'm on my A game today, but my a game's about six feet under. I'm on it, but it's a little deeper today than usual. I was on my A game today confusing some gen Z'ers. Well, 1 1, 1 zoomer Confusing them with someone or confusing them Directly?


No, at at their job. Unfortunately I needed stamps. I haven't needed to buy stamps in so long 'cause I bought a book of stamps a decade ago and I use about one stamp per year. One give or take. But we finally ran out and I was like, where the fuck do you buy stamps? Holy shit. Anywhere. Usually a grocery store. The the bank off post, the bank post office. The post office. Not at UDF. And also we don't have a post office anywhere rural. Anyway, I went to a wall, a Walgreens and the teenager at the cashier, I went up and I was like, Hey, do you sell stamps? And she was like, oh, I don't know what aisle that's in. And I was like, ah, well they're probably in if you have them, they're in the register.


'cause that's how this one, she was like, I think there's just money in there. And I, I had to like walk her through, like lift up the thing and then she found the stamps and was like, what the hell? Why? Why are there stamps in here? Not her fault. I'm sure she never sells stamps to anyone because who buys stamps at Walgreens of all places. But you never feel quite so old as when you're explaining to a young person where to find stamps. so I can send my important letters also to any organization or government entity that still requires you to mail shit through the actual mail. Fuck you fucking suck. Fuck man, let me God let me do the internet or call you for god's sakes.


I dread to think about what it's like in any of the, like whenever I worked at the federal courthouse, man, the tech was not good. I can only imagine how not good it is now. I Think it's probably exactly the same as it was. I think It Probably 20 years ago when you worked there. Well no, that's mean 15. How long ago did you work there? 10 years? 15. Probably About 15. Yeah. Yeah, it's probably exactly the same. Probably fax machines and one telephone. They all have to share 'cause there's, God forbid you put in a network of phones in your office. Also your meanness was like as mean to you as it is to be. 'cause we were all there at the same time, like uc and stuff. so I, I worked at a place back then too and I worked in a school And. it was, it was, we had fax machines and all that shit. It was awful. Did the copy machine man.


You know how any documents you have to copy in a clerk's office And that thing broke like six times a day. I hate, oh God, I can only imagine this poor people now trying to deal with it. I will say I don't know what people do to copy. This is the most nineties discussion we've ever had On here. What's the deal with copy machines? I don't know what people do to copy machines. I worked in a school, it was not a, it was a school in a really poor area, like a low socio-economic area. The school was absolutely strapped for money. We were like taping shit together with duct tape. Like just scraping by as it terms of organizationally, our copy machine never broke a single time. Like it was the oldest piece of shit. Looked like it might fall apart. Copy never broke once.


And we used it day in, day out. It was the only one for all of the classrooms. So all the teachers copied all their tests and stuff on it. And every, what do people do that breaks them? I don't understand. What did you do? Did you rot? Did you put your naked butt on it too many times? So you could get butt sheet copies or what? You Take a staple out of the document thing that you want to scan. And the way ours worked was you just set it down, it would suck out the bottom page, scan it, print, so on and so forth. And there was a spot where we'd spit out the thing at the bottom and then the copy would come out all nice and clean on the other side. And we had a big stapler where we'd staple their document, staple this one, put it back. That's not broken. I'm Well that's when it worked. When it didn't work.


My Question, my question was, how did you break it? I'm telling my involvement was remove staple set down paper press button. But man, oh man, was that like a 20% chance of working and an 80% chance of something going horribly wrong or having already gone horribly wrong and someone just didn't report it. So you'd go and be like, huh, there's no indicators that this thing's online. Mark, did you dodge the joys of copy and fax machines? You, you never really worked in a place where that was a huge part of your job. Right? I didn't have to do that. Most of it would've been like I worked at Microcenter and I dealt with returns sometimes. Or I tried to sell someone a plan on something. But no, I didn't have to do any of that. My dad, however, he, when he did layout for, you know, books that he was, he was a layout editor back in the day when you needed to do this, he defined where the words would go and like the art and the, the graphics and stuff like that.


He defined through the whole book and then he would print out a manuscript and send it out there. He'd have to print two copies. So we had an industrial printer. so I got very familiar with how to reload and you know, put the toner in the printer. And. it was a really, like, he had big, big stacks of paper. Like huge always. 'cause he needed to print so much because he would go through iterations. He would send it off every time, you know, go to FedEx, we'd drop it off in the box. It was great 'cause we'd go to FedEx, he'd, he'd hand them the big fat envelope and they would give us that little plane that you pop out of the little plastic piece and me and my brother would build a little plane in the back. It was really nice. so I, yeah, I, I didn't deal with it in a corporate sense. But yeah, that printer was a workhorse whatever print because he always did great research on what he was gonna buy.


So he only bought things that he knew were gonna be like super reliable work nonstop. And this thing never broke. This thing never broke And. it was back, you know, for a printer. I don't even know how you get these anymore, but they use toner instead of ink and I don't know necessarily know what the difference is, but it comes in a huge tray that you slam in there. It'll last for a month. Nonstop printing. Whereas like the ink cartridges that we have now with the color are just like, they'll last like 10 pages. I Think toner is laser jet and I think toner is powder and then it's like zapped onto the page with a laser potentially. Whereas inked ink based printers is literally just a thing that squirts the ink very precisely And, it soaks into the page kind of deal.


Whatever it was. Worked like a dream. Did You ever just like, fuck explode toner everywhere? 'cause I feel like I did that once. Those toner cartridges, when you go to change them, they're not empty and they're just open on top. If you ever, I dropped one once and that it's like fine black dust, it just goes everywhere. I literally, I was like changing the toner on the thing and just dropped it And. it just went, it's not great. The, the superintendent super Nintendo Chalmers was very mad at me. Well yeah, no I didn't do that. But I, there definitely were paper jams that happened a lot. And so we, it was always because me or my brother didn't separate the paper blow into it properly flutter it out like a, you know, a the Las Vegas card dealer just 'cause if you don't do that right, they'll get stuck together and it'll jam up.


You have to do that at home. Printers too. Save people a lot of agony on your home printer. If you just go ahead and do that when you load it up, it's a big deal. It's better than Back in like the 17 and 18 hundreds when they had the computers and you had to do the whole printout thing and then like, they had to pick up a quill, dip it in ink and you had to replace the quill and the ink At Least Now we just have to replace the ink. What whatcha talking About? are you talking about like monks copying manuscripts in the Abbey type stuff? Well, It had to be computerized, right. You know, in a weird way, this is the same as how War Hammer 40 k does it. Where they, they have people that they've ripped the brains out and put machines in with quills on Parchment. I Thought of you the other day, mark. I found a place that I think is called Yoda V, but it's actually not here in Cincinnati.


Cool. Yoda Quest. Yoda Quest Yata Quest. But it's like a board game store. But like half of the store is just war Hammer stuff. Mark likes that. Right? I Don't play War Hammer. But you're like big into the lore, aren't you? Yeah, But it, you don't, you Just buy mini figs to just hold them and look at them and be like, ah. Oh Horace. I Don't know that it, I don't know what it all was. I didn't go to that section, but I saw it and I was like, I kind of like browsed through and everything. There was war hair and I was like, I wonder how much lore is here for Mark. None. All. right? Mark, I thought of you because I was doing research and I found online that a good way to get into war Hammer lore is to start with the Horace Heresy.


And I started reading the Horace Heresy. You're and it's really good So far. You're in for a trip. Have you played Space Marine Two per chance? I know you're like busy. No, I haven't yet. I haven't played anything yet. That's such a Good game. It made me want to get into Warhammer and so now I'm reading Warhammer. It's fucking fun. I can give you a, a recommendation of certain books to read. 'cause the the horse heresy series is so huge. There's like 60 something books if you count like the accessory side stories. I Saw that and I was like, oh, you Don't need to read all of them. That's The rest of my entire life's worth of reading. I don't know if I'm gonna get through that. You, you just read the first three because originally it was a trilogy and then it went And they dragged it out way too much.


You know, so, but there are some real gems in there. Some really fun reads that reveal a lot about the characters. And then there's other ones that are like, this could have been a synopsis on a page leading into another book. And, it didn't need to do this. Just stay away from the Beast Arises series. It's a 12 book series. I swear to God it was the hardest read I've ever had in my life. I plowed through it all because I had nothing else to do. I wish I could have that time back. Why was it hard? Just like super boring crap. It was So boring. It was very contrived because here's, here's a, a spoiler for everybody. So they, they're fighting the orcs, right? It is a orc called The Beast.


And it's like, okay cool premise. There's some fun moments in there. And then they go to the planet where the orcs are and they go attack it and they land and they go in all the way to the main building, the boss room, whatever you want to call it. And they're like, oh, they're too much for us. Leave Regroup, come back all the way in there. And I think they fail again. And then they leave And it's just like They do this again and again. And I'm like, how do you have anybody left? How could you have possibly have left? This doesn't make any sense. This is so I know. It was just so, and then the beast comes out like, and it's just like, Okay cool. I'm dead. And then he's so fucking stupid.


Stupid. I don't read that Mark. I didn't think of you the other day when I went to Yoda. Right. All right. Thanks buddy. It was a Cool place though. Shout Yoda Quest. Cincinnati got a quest. Know it was neat. I feel like it's yada. It's gotta be yada. It is. But I always think of Yoda V and I don't know why, but I think it's yada quest. I dunno. We were just like, we were driving around Cincinnati area going to like retro gaming stores and board game stores and stuff like that. We just hit up a few of 'em and that was one. And they had a bunch of war hammer stuff. They had a big dragon. Real big dragon in there. Oh well that's fantasy. That's not even the right kind of war hammer. That was not the war hammer side. Oh that was the other Side. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. That was the side I spent time on. I know nothing about the fantasy side of war Hammer.


Who cares? Really? Sounds stupid. Yeah, Sigmar more like Sigmar. More like he better league Mar nuts. Lamar nuts. It's an Australian insult. It's gonna Lamar nuts. Nut. How do you say nuts in Australia? Nut. Nuts. Nuts. Nats Lamar, NAZ Arnar Mar Naz arm a austral garden. Nailed it. I watched a lot of bluey so that's why my accent's so refined. This Feels like when we were on tour, Ethan was talking about the berg. This feels like the berg all over again. Hey, we didn't agree not to do accents. I'm allowed to do accents. It's part of the show. That's Fair.


This episode is brought to you by Accounting Plus here's a story that's a hundred percent true And. It's about how accounting is a great choice of career. Here's the facts with Accounting, you'll have flexibility, great pay, and the kind of lifestyle you've always dreamed of. It's a lifestyle that's less math and spreadsheets and more traveling, personal and professional growth and making a positive impact on your family and community. Wanna Start an exciting new chapter? Accounting Plus provides free resources that will help guide you to a successful career in accounting and personal freedom. Do More, live more. Visit join Accounting plus.com.


This Episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola creations. You love the taste of Coca-Cola and love the cookie crunch of Oreos. But what happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best becomes besties? Try the new Coca-Cola zero sugar Oreo limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


So the piece of shit episode continues. Yay. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna talk about some cringe, specifically our own hooray. We have mentioned some cringey moments in our time on this podcast and we've, we've mentioned some things today. We're gonna get deeper. We're gonna confess some things, some deep, dark secrets that keep us awake at night, that we stand in the shower and then we just cry because we remember them all of a sudden. Hmm. Have you ever guys ever seen someone in real life remember a cringey moment and have you ever seen someone across the room just go, oh, oh no. Oh. 'cause I, I've done that in public spaces where I'm just like, oh no, not that.


And I, I, I feel like if anyone saw me, they would know what I was thinking. But I, I am a hundred percent that guy. I so, like the office is widely regarded as a fantastic show at the American office to be specific. It's, I feel like a lot of the humor in that show is cringe based, right? Like Michael Scott is a character is basically a walking explosion of cringe in every direction. I cannot physically restrain my, I avoided watching that show for a long time, like years because I, I'm the guy, no matter how lightly cringey something is, if something happens and if it's in public or on TV or whatever, I'm the guy in the background who's always like, oh, oh my insides cringe uncontrollably.


I hate, I don't like it. But also I'm def there's a hundred percent of stories in other people's lives where they're like, yeah. And then I said this thing and I looked across the room and there was this huge fat guy and he was visibly cringing at what I had just said. And I was like, oh no, Just to get it started. While you guys think of the things, I, I think I've mentioned this before, but there were multiple times in my, in my time in college where it was hyper obvious that a girl wanted me to ask her out and never happened. I, I just did not get the signs. Three separate occasions this has occurred and that I can speak of. The first one was in the dorm laundry room. I think I told you Bob about this.


I was doing laundry there and there's this other girl down there and we both talked the entire time our laundry was going for like 30 minutes or whatever it was, you know. And then my laundry was done beep. And I was like, ah, that's me. All, right? See ya got my laundry fucking left. And I just, god damn it, second time walking home, walking to the dorm or wherever I was living at the time from a class classmate of mine. We walked from the classroom all the way back and like from across campus, from the engineering sector to the dorms. I think it must have been the dorms, which That's a pretty long walk. If it was where we, the dorm we lived In talking the whole time. We get to that point where it's like, ah, I gotta go this way, I'll go this way.


And then we just stand there for a little bit. All, right? See ya. She's just standing there like, and I go like, see ya. And then I don't think I ever talked to her again in the classroom. That's a tough one. And then, then it happened again. And this one, like, it's, it's not for sure, but there was this other person that was in a class of mine and I ran into this is later on ran into, 'cause I was, I was, I was switching some classes around and they, they were on the phone and then they saw me. 'cause they hadn't seen me in class for a different, for a while. It was a different person. They, they're on the phone and they're like, oh hold on. I like, and they're like, oh hey Mario, how's it going? I'm like, oh hey. And then we catch up for like five minutes while their friend is on hold on the phone.


Same thing. Like, I'm just like, well I don't want to keep you off from your phone call. I gotta go see ya. And then I'm just like out the door. That one may not have been, but you know it, man, That's a long time to just have someone hanging out on the phone. They really wanted to talk to you real bad. Yeah, I know. And looking back on it at the time I had no idea. I had no fucking idea. I was so clueless. I, I couldn't possibly, and maybe looking back, I'm misreading it, but it's like clearly they wanted to talk to me and I just, just didn't connect the dots at all. So yeah, that's, that's some cringe Sometimes the conversation reaches an end point and then it's time to leave and there's nothing else to think about.


I think I've blocked some of mine out. I've got like two I can think of off the top of my head. But one of 'em felt really bad because we had a, we had a week when we were like in high school, our dog had like a health scare, had to go to the vet. We didn't know what was wrong. We were like, oh God, hope we don't have to put her down. That kind of thing. And that same week I had a friend who lost his dog and I was talking to him and he is like, Hey man, hope your dog's okay. And I was like, yeah, you too. Just as like a default response after his dog had died. And like, you know, he laughed it off. But like the moment I said it, it was one of those things where like I just felt myself like, oh that's the worst you two I've ever done to have a safe flight. Thanks, you too. Like enjoy your meal. Thanks you too.


Fuck. Like those happen. But like hope your dog's okay. Yeah, you too man. After knowing that they buried it the day before or whatever. I hope it's burial sight's undisturbed, you know, I hope it's doing, doing good in there. You know, That one still gets me. Yeah, thankfully we had a good friendships, we just laughed it off. But like man that was one of those things, like that was the most assholey thing I could have said in that moment. Are you sure They were laughing. Sure. Wasn't Maybe some tears in there. I Don't really talk to 'em much anymore. So maybe not. Was it maniacal after? Are they the one causing all of your plumbing issues? Yeah, it turns out they were a, a GN or leprechaun or something. They're hiding in my walls. A lifelong vendetta against Wade. Ah, the, the all the first ones I thought of all seemed to revolve around girls like yours did Mark.


Yeah, and I think I've told, I definitely told the story of how my buddy and I almost gave a girl a heart attack in the parking lot outside the movie theater. 'cause we thought it would be really clever to get some flowers and ask out. Anyway, that story is in another episode. I think I've told this story but I don't remember. I a did I tell you guys about when I asked a girl to dance in front of the entire marching band? Maybe I, I'll keep it short in case I've told this before, but sounds familiar. This one makes me cringe now just because, well the result was we went to the dance and I saw the girl for about 30 seconds before she left and never spoke to me again for the rest of my life. I think you have told this story. Yeah, that sounds familiar. But yeah, I, the band directors for some reason, let me get up on the megaphone that they used during band, band practice to like talk to everyone.


And I asked a girl to the dance on that in front of 220 whatever people I realize now, she basically couldn't say no And. it was entirely my fault 'cause I did. But that one sticks in my, that one sticks with me. But I have an even cringing or thing I think that, I don't know if I've talked about it in the show that I, my friend, one of my best friends in college who was, he was in music school and so we had classes together and we hung out a lot and we always went to Bdubs, which you and I did quite a lot too. Mark us, the place I went with my friends, my close friends in college. But he and I would go to Bdubs. He was more focused on the ladies. He was a, he was always trying to like chat up some ladies and get some dates and like that was his kind, his pastime.


He liked, he liked the ladies we would, whenever I hung out with him, he would just be like, oh check her out man, she's cute. Check her out. Oh look, she's so hot. Whatever. And that's really cringey on its own. And also if you're doing that in public, especially if it's a situation where the person is like your waitress, it's scrapy because they might hear you or see you looking or leering or gawing or whatever. And so we thought we were really cool and I, part of me wants to give him full credit for this, but I was there, I definitely helped come up with it. We thought it'd be really cool to come up with codes so that girls didn't know we were talking about them. And, it was football related, which is never cringey.


I remember that And, it started with if you see, if you see a hot girl or if you see whatever, just we would, one of us would look at the other and just be like, Hey let's go Bearcats, which is the school of mascot for the college. We went to And. it evolved into a whole system. Touchdown was like really hot Fumble was like really attractive but terrible personality. There was like first down, second down, third down, which had to do something with like how interested you were in pursuing the girl based on what whatever interactions there were. I don't even remember all of them.


But there were basically any football term we probably morphed it into some way to be like, eh, first down, let's go Bearcats home run. You know fumble though. Well like we had this whole stupid code and I hate that. That's a thing that I did and and actively participated in for several years. But boy did we, and boy did those girls see through that code in half of a second because we, we were still, we thought we were so clever, right? But we would still just be like, oh touchdown. It's like man, I wonder what that means, right? Like we were just creepy college dudes who were just like, oh, first down.


Oh yeah. And man, that was just an awful thing. But you know what, you do stuff sometimes I'm gonna interject with another cringe I have that I don't think I've told you guys about or anybody. So in the early days of my YouTube, before I lived in LA I would fly out and do some stuff with other YouTubers and stuff like that. I had known about Ego Raptor for a very long time 'cause I was on new grounds a while ago. So he came in to the Maker Studios 'cause he was also part of it I believe. And you know, it was like some collab thing. And so I met him for the first time and I was like, Hey, a market player also, I have to do this. And then I just, I basically, I think back, I'm like, why the fuck did I do this? I like, I kneel down in front of him and I go, Oh As loud as I can in this office building.


And I go like, oh, totter silence. Like complete dead silence. And I get up and I'd be like, I've I've, I've been a fan for you for a very long time. And he goes, oh alright. And so, And I think about that sometimes. Like Jesus fucking, I'm shocked he even talked to me afterwards. I'm stunned. I can't believe it. But it's just like, that's the only time I've ever done that ever in my life. But it's just because like wow, I didn't think I'd actually meet you in person and then I will never do that again to anybody ever. And I think about that and I cringe. I had not the same type of thing, but in a similar vein we were at a convention and I think I had a panel or something might've been with you guys that we had, I had to get to, I was walking down the hallway and they were like some fans so I stopped and like took photos and signed some stuff, whatever, which is nice.


But I was like kind of in a hurry. so I was like hurrying through like hey I gotta run, can I like a photo or something but I gotta get to this thing. One goes like Wade, hey how are you? And I was like, Hey, how's it going? I gotta run. You want a photo or something? And turns out it was, you know, guys remember Cinon toast? Ken? It was Mary. We just had dinner with them, like hung out with them and stuff. And I didn't recognize her 'cause she was in full cosplay. Oh Well that's okay. That's A little. And she's just like, wait, hey, how's it going? I was like, Hey, you want a photo or something? And then she's like, it's Mary. And I was like, that's great Mary, who I know this nursery rhyme. Yeah, A little lamb. Yeah Her cosplay was very good.


But like it was just one of those things where I was in a hurry. Like I saw her, I was like, okay, hey. But like I did not recognize her at all. And even after she said her name, I was just like cool. But once it clicked, it was one of those things where I was like fuck. You know like I feel so stupid. I feel like there's a large number of fan interaction type things I just don't generally deal with very smoothly. That could go on the list of things that make me cringe internally. And if you've ever met me in public probably, I'm sorry. 'cause probably I was quite the dick. It does make me cringe. I just don't know how to behave around other people. I don't like people. Okay. I don't like talking to people. Not that kind of person.


So careful, careful. Be careful around me. If you see me in public, be careful. I told you guys about the movie theater whenever I went to a movie theater with some people and they were talkers, which I cannot stand. Oh I hate that. So afterward we're outside and I was accosting them. I was like, I'm never going to a movie with you guys again. I kept trying to tell you stop talking. You didn't stop talking like you were ruining the movie for me. Much less everyone around us. And I was a bit more pissed off and like literally as I finished like chewing them out, I had a tap on the shoulder. I turned around and they were like three people waiting. They're like, are you wait to, we get a photo? And I just like, I don't know what I was like dealing with these family members of mine, but I'm sure it wasn't good And.


it was just, I felt so fucking just embarrassed. I don't know. I guess they'd seen me chewing people out for being total assholes during the movie. But man, that was another one that stuck with me. They Were probably on your side. It was the worst places I got recognized within a hospital waiting room. I ever told you about This? I don't think so. I don't think so. So it's like, you know, I've been in the hospital and so it's crowded one day and I'm like, ooh, ah, my gut. Oh and so I. 'cause I go in the emergency room and you know, I tell 'em like, ah wow man, I got well poop backed up. And so I, I go to sit and they're like, you know, they give you the van and then you go sit, we'll call you. And it's this one guy I passed by was like, Hey are you Mark Applier? As soon as I, I walked by him and I go like, yeah.


And he goes like, that's really cool. And I go like, yeah, okay. And so I go sit down and then when they call me, you know, they say your name really loud, sore like Mark Fishback. And then I get up and I, I hobble up And. it was a crowded waiting room. So they only went in 'cause you do the triage and they're like, make sure you're not dying right away. And then they send you back out if you're not in super death mode. And then as soon as I got back out, there was a bunch of people peel pointing at me as I'm like, oh God. Oh god. So I I was, I was wondering if there was gonna be like a snuck photo like of me in my chair. Just like so I.


I just, yeah, that was a, a cringe. Nothing I specifically did wrong, but it was a situation that I think about. Okay, Yeah, that's not a good place to be found. Thankfully this was before we did content, but I think I told you guys this story as well, whenever I had the tailbone surgery and there was like the cute lady that took me back and I was like, well I'm not gonna hit on somebody at work, whatever. Like you had that, that moment where it's like, like she's very attractive. I wanna talk to her more, but like not gonna do it here. Not when she's like stuck feeling with me. And then the doctor called her in to help remove the stitches from my ass. And. it was like glad we didn't have any kind of conversation. We never will ever again. Goodbye. You didn't hear her behind you go, wow, I don't think there was much Wow to the stitch removal.


Your crack is surprisingly clean, especially for such a gross wounded area. Oh, he's packing every night like the doctor told him to. I played tuba for a long time and I played a lot of gigs with my band and I played a lot of concerts And like as a musician it's important to be able to take your failures in stride and just keep moving because you're going to play a hilariously wrong note. You're gonna fall right in a rest. You're gonna do something stupid. Like the goal is to not, but if you play it, if you play enough concerts and stuff, like you're, you're going to make some kind of mistake where the entire auditorium hears you fuck up real bad and the conductor shoots you a glare and everyone around you is kinda like idiot.


And like that happens. But there's one that I've never gotten past. It was a weird gig. It was, I was playing with my funk band that I played with in college and we were playing at like a block party. These people had hired us just to come to their street and play. We just set up in someone's front yard and just played and they had like some kegs out and they literally like blocked the street, like old school block party. It was very cool. And they literally, they like, there was a keg set up by the band basically. Maybe not. Maybe we were set up by the keg, maybe that was strategic. But anyway, there was a lot of drinking and like it was fun gig and everyone was getting real loose. And at some point, so my role in this band was, I was basically like the rhythm section. I did not play solos.


I did not play like the melody. I was like the equivalent to like a bass guitar or a upright bass who kind of hides in the back of the ensemble. And I was not, I'm, I had played jazz but I'm not like trained in jazz soloing. I'm not good at it. I understand, I understood it in principle but I never did it right. And we, we were all getting loose, having a good time and they called a song and out of nowhere in the middle of the song there's usually just a Barry Sack solo where he just does his own thing and goes completely ape shit crazy. They pointed at Phil and we're like Phil Solo. And then someone up front who was in charge was like, Bob, go with him. And I literally was like, I don't.


And they're like, go, go, go God. They like pushed me up to the front. So I'm standing up in front of the ensemble and I just could not have musically shit my pants any harder than I did. Like Phil, the guy who played Barry Sax was, is still one of the best like sax players. I know, he's amazing. His solos are always cool. And so And it And it turned into a thing where it was like we were trading bars. So he'd play a couple measures and then it was my turn. And so he would play some just fucking awesome just, and then everyone would look at me and I effectively was just like hip. Like if I could have left after that, I would have literally just walked with my sousaphone on my body, just leave, walk to my car, get in and drive away in front of everyone.


It was just, I mean I was a little drunk, I don't do that. And they thought it'd be funny. They were like, ah, he'll figure it out. Like he's a pro. I am not. I think that probably damaged my reputation to all in all of my band mates minds permanently after that. But man, I still, I can't let it go. It makes everything inside me hurt that I did that and there were like 20 people who saw it and I'm still just like, fuck. I bet they fucking remember that one time they saw that tuba guy so I think he was too cool and thought he could play a solo. Like the world, the cool instruments haunts my dreams. It was awful As a, as a palate cleanser to that, I recently, Amy took me out to this special dinner.


She'd been planning it for months, right? She didn't tell me what it was, but she wanted to tell me super badly the whole time. So we're on the way over months build up and I'm like, whoa man, I, I don't know, don't tell me though. And we get there, we pull up to this place called Spa Spa and I'm like, the fuck is going on at this spaghetti place? But we get in there And, it's a jazz club also. And so they have a live band there and it's Candy Doer. You guys know Candy Doer What? No. Candy Doer. Candy Doer. So when I got, when I got my car ride, I came out to la it had like, you know the, the radio where you type in a keyword And, it will generate like an auto playlist of that, not of that song.


If you're looking for specific, specific song, your shit outta luck. But if you want, you know, a genre. so I typed in Smooth Jazz and Up came a song called Smooth by Kand Doer. And so this was like nine years ago now. And so it then became the tradition that that radio has been in my car ever since. And I hid it every once in a while. If I want smooth jazz. It's like, you know, it's, it's it's smooth jazz, it's good best live performance I've fucking seen ever. It's incredible. The audience was like me, Amy and then everyone else was 60 plus. She apparently does a lot of jazz cruises and the demographic for that is, it's skews older but everyone, everyone and some people looked like they were 80. Everyone by the end of that show was on their feet.


It was incredible. Just an outstanding, like she's a saxophone player and she's fucking amazing. And then the rest of the band was great too. And And it was, it was funny because comparatively there was a trumpet player that came up there towards the end of the show and I could tell like he was a little nervous and hadn't warmed up and he did a little bit of solo but comparatively he was a pretty decent trumpet player as a trumpet player myself. But it was, it was night and day compared to this like fucking artist up there able to just do anything improvisationally like you'd never expect it. But it was one of the best live shows I've been to. But what it is like, I remember that trumpet player who messed up a few notes. I remember them very specifically.


So if you were hoping people didn't forget about that. No I remember that specifically Bob, They remember, Oh Man, Kandy Fer has some interesting facts about her. Yeah, she's been working forever apparently. Dutch jazz and pop saxophone player. My two of my favorite facts I've read on the Wikipedia, her apparently first album in 1990 was called Sexuality. Oh yeah it was. And also her father was also a musician, Hans doer. And in 2001 they made a joint album where they played a bunch of, made a bunch of songs together and the album was titled Dover Doer. Just awesome.


No, she seems like kind of a legend. She toured with Prince apparently she's featured by Van Morrison on a track performed with Alan Parsons And she's touring right now. Apparently that Spa Tini dinner was the kickoff for her tour. So I don't know exactly where she's going to be, but I highly recommend it was a great time. I'm glad it worked out well and that like you enjoyed the performance and you enjoyed her. 'cause I thought the story was going in a way where it's like you accidentally found this on the radio and then like Amy just saw that artist was like, mark must be a fan. They're here, I'm gonna get tickets. It was actually someone you absolutely despised. It's like the whole time you're like, this is great. No, no, no.


Oh yeah. She's only doing like four US shows. Two in the same place in Napa and then one in Florida and then off to Europe. So for those in Europe you are in luck. Anyway. More cringe. Any more cringe. Secondhand, cringe. Okay, Sure. This was a combination of like the a Karen and Cringe all in one. Molly used to work like at a retail store and they had like a returns department. And I remember one day walking through there I went to see her and then I was like walking around and there was someone that was very upset. It was very upset, the returns department. And she was waiting, there was a long line, I think it was like post-holiday or something. She said something, she got up to the, she finally got it up to her turn. She said something like, fuck, what did she say?


Like if you use both hands, this would go a lot faster. And the person working returns like held up their arm and like their hand was just like in a full fucking cast. And the lady like went from being an asshole to kinda like, and then just like puffed for a minute, didn't apologize 'cause she's like, well I have to hold my ground. But it was very obvious that like she'd felt like you could tell it hit her like a fucking ton of breaks. And it, it was, I was like, I wonder if she's gonna say like, what's up if your hand's broken, you shouldn't be at work. Or I, I thought maybe you should go further off or apologize. But it was neither, it was just kinda like huffing silence of like, I've been bested but I'm an asshole and I will not admit to be be.


And I was just like, oh man, that's oh hate. Even for an asshole you hate to ooh, ooh, hate to see that. I don't know why that one stuck out. But man, just the huffing like the, just the what do you see someone go through a moment like that where they've realized, ah, oh I hate that feeling. I can't watch movies that have cringe. I can't stand that feeling. I love the the specific context you're talking about though, where someone is an asshole and then it, it absolutely like washes back in their face. I actually really love that in general. I can't stand cringey, but I don't find that cringey. I find that very like satisfying. It's even better if they could just like swallow their pride and be like, ah shit, sorry. But when they don't, God it just hits so good.


The her, I couldn't imagine her standing there just huffing like looking for someone to be an ally that she could talk shit to. And everyone around her is kind of just like, ugh, no, you're the awful one lady, please leave. I'm glad she got her just desserts. But there's still like a oh, that icky feeling. I can't stand that icky feeling glad it happened to her. Not somebody else in line, but like man, well someone else wouldn't have done that. That's true. That's also true. I don't know if this counts, tell me if this counts. I don't like talking about what I do. Like one of the standard small talk questions is people, oh, what do you do? What do you, what's your job? What do you do for a living? Whatever. And I don't mind talking about it, but I've, I I always try and downplay it. Like I'm never, I'm not just like, oh I'm on hit podcast distractable.


Have you heard of it? But I, I'm always like, ah, you know, I do like YouTube and do a podcast and like, it's going well. It's fine. When it comes up with family, it always makes me cringe. And it's not that like it's, my family is really chill. It's not that like, they're like, oh, get a real job. Like I'm, we're doing fine, I'm doing fine. My family is good and we're supported and it's good. It's the content of it. 'cause when it's family they're always like, oh, what are you, what are you doing these, are you still doing YouTube? It's like, oh, well I started doing this podcast. And they're like, oh, what's it called? I wanna go listen to it. We should put it on the whole, the whole house right now. So, and that next step where they're like, what episode do you recommend?


And I'm like, oh grandma. Well I don't know if you'd really care for it. It's not that it's a bad podcast, it's not great, but like, I feel like it always comes to And. it happens to like my parents will, or you know, Manny's parents will like introduce us or, oh, this happened at our anniversary party specifically Manny's dad or parents that invited friends to the anniversary party we had, they are teachers, it's a lot of their friends are teachers. And he was like, these two guys, you know them, they're teachers, they're coming to the party, they're, they're trying to start their own podcast. Can you talk to them about like, what do you need to do for a podcast? And I was like, I can already see where this is going, but I can't really say no. So sure.


And they're like, yeah, we wanna do a podcast about like, you know, teaching and positive stuff and like children appropriate, but also parents will find it useful. Can you help us? And I was like, ah, A good rule would be not to swear so much you should do and you're gonna want microphones. Oh like, man, am I not the one to ask that sort of question to, I mean I'm, I'm proud of this show and honestly it's really cool and when I'm talking to like friends, yeah I listen to it, you might like it. I don't know. But it's specifically with like family and friends of family. It's always just like, oh Yeah, the family that still thinks you don't curse like 50 years later. And then they're like, I listened to that episode where you guys talked about sex a lot.


I was like, oh, which one? We tried to, we tried to listen to this week's episode and we got to the part about Sonic Jizzing on his own quills through, through Space time portals. And we were like, ah, maybe this one's not for us. Cut. Alright, sorry grandma. Try again next week. I guess we'll try and chill out a little. That's why it's kind of nice sometimes though, the default order on some places is most recent. You don't need to start with number one if you don't want to. You really don't ever buddy. My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend.


My friends still laugh at me To this day.


Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


All. right? Any last minute cringe? I don't think so. Just other stories. I've already talked about hugging the teacher whenever she was going to go hug the person behind me. What I think I told that one. I, I went to, I was talking to my history teacher and I was talking, like, I was talking about the project that I brought, I made this like really cool display and I was gonna go pick it up and she and I were talking and then like I went to, I was gonna go leave and she just like opens her arms for a hug and I was like, All, right, I guess. And I hugged her and she looked at me weird. And, it turned out she had like a family member walking in the room behind me, but I had no idea. She walked past me, went to hug them and I was just like, and I just laughed. How, wait, how old are you? How old are you? Oh dude, this was ninth or 10th grade. Oh, so it was way less. Yeah, we were eight.


I could understand. I wasn't young. No, man. So you're not only hugging, you're way taller at this point yet. I was six foot two or three or four And I was, I was fully grown man and she's like a five foot teacher. so I was like, this is weird, but I guess if you wanna hug And I lean down, gave her a hug and she looked at me like, the fuck did you do that for? It was awful. That's really funny. I don't, I haven't heard that one. I swear I told that story here before, but God, I hated it. I, I don't remember hearing it. I'll count it. That's the first one I always think of. I just didn't tell it 'cause I thought I already had. But when I think of cringe, it's always that moment. 'cause she and her, whoever was sister, aunt, whatever, they both looked at me like the fuck.


And I was like, man, I'm just gonna go now. Then you Strutted out that door, Elbows hide. Let me, it was awkward. Like go to say something. Can't think of what to say. Can't apologize, don't I so I just looked stutter, stepped looked again and then just fucking beelined out there. That's that's really great. Oh God. I hate thinking about that moment. It's like the high five thing. What High five thing. When people like go to high five or wave at somebody and you walk up and either wave at them or high five 'em and it's like it's meant for the person behind you. Oh, I see. It is not something you did just in general. Yeah. No, but that's worse. Yeah. The hugging is, that's worse. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, why does my teacher wanna hug me?


This is weird, but like, okay, I'll do it. You hug her and then like, why did you wanna hug me? Why did you want that? I was like, I didn't think we were that close. But it's been a hard year. I guess I'm thinking you whisper here. It's been a real hard year. I put a lot into this project. Thank you. I hate it. Oh man. No, this is news to me. That's great. That's all the cringe we got. I do have one more thing to talk about, but Bob I'll give you one last chance. Okay. I, I don't think I've told this story before. I've been very lucky. My parents love traveling and so my brother and I and my parents traveled quite a bit. Like when I was in sort of like middle school, high school age.


And one of the things that I got to go on was we went to Italy one time and we, while in Italy we went on like a planned trip where it was like you, you buy a ticket, you meet at a place, you get on a bus, they take you somewhere. And what it was, it was like a wine tasting thing And I was like a junior in high school or something. Like I was old enough where in Europe it was totally normal for me to like go and have a drink with my family. And. it was not a big deal. And so we went And. It was pretty fun. I don't care for wine but like it was wine tasting but there was also like cool cheeses and you know, Italian stuff. And we got to see how they made olive oil and we saw some of the vines in the olive trees. It was very cool. And then we all, we did this, it was a big tour group and we got back on the bus afterwards.


You were not supposed to have taken anything with you. You were supposed to have left it all there and like have your fill and then we'll get on the bus and head back. And there was another American teenager on the bus and he had, as everyone was filtering over to the bus, gone to the table where all the like scraps were, taken a wine bottle and then dumped the remnants of every other wine bottle. He could get his hands on into this one bottle. 'cause he was getting lit. He was here to party. If you're an American and you've traveled abroad, you've probably experienced this. But in general it's kind of a stereotype and it's generally true. Other people kind of hate Americans as tourists. Like Europeans broadly think Americans are annoying and obnoxious 'cause we're kind of loud.


Europeans are comparatively pretty low key, pretty like quiet and de very mindful, very demure. But like my family is pretty chill. We're pretty low key. So we didn't really stick out. We hadn't really had any problems. But we were sitting right next to the family. This other dude was from who we got on the bus and he was already drunk and he was like chugging this bottle of mixed wine remnants in the back of the bus. He's like yelling. He's flirting with any woman who appears to be under the age of 40. I'm, I'm literally sitting across aisle from him right next to him. And I swear to God the whole bus lumped us all together. 'cause he was just the most stereotypically like obnoxious American douche bag. He, he was like hitting on women and they were like, I would like to not talk to you anymore.


Please don't talk to me. And he was like, ah, come on babe. Don't be like that. Like that kind of shit where it's like ugh. And I, that whole bus ride was just one epic cringe. Not for anything I did. I just sat there and like every once in a while would be like, Hey dude, why don't you just sit down and like not be like that? But I never have. I felt more like I was out of place than an Amer as an American and that whole experience, like I get why other cultures might find some Americans annoying. That was not great. And I don't think he was annoying 'cause I was, he's an American necessarily. He's just kind of an asshole. That memory is very cringey for me. Very secondhand, cringey. And mostly I felt bad for all the women on the bus. Literally anyone who wasn't apparently like obviously a grandmother.


He was just hitting on him. Women twice his age. Women sitting with their husbands. He didn't give a shit. He was like so drunk. I don't know where that dude ended up 'cause I don't know who he is, but I hope it got better. Bus boy. Terrible. You sound very engaged. What did you say? I wasn't listening the entire time. Tell the story again. Bob All right? No, no, no. I got got bus being Lumped in with people like that and having nothing you can do that sucks. Like just knowing that people are associating him. It's like, I don't know him. Like what are you gonna do? Wear a shirt whenever I'm on vacation it's like, oh look I'm American but I'm not with them. Okay. I'm the good kind of American. Did you say that loudly? Did you scream it? I would never. I'm the good kind of American. I'm too quiet. You hug someone whisper in their ear.


I'm the good American. Don't worry. And they'd be like, you can't be the good American, you're too fat. And I'd be like, oh you're right. Gimme some more pizza. Okay, I'm gonna call it there because for this episode I want to award some bonus points like Mario party style because there's a few categories that I was thinking of. Well I wasn't listening to whatever Bob said. Don't worry. I gave you a point for it. I Don't know if I believe you. Oh I feel a little cringe right now. No, no, don't feel cringe. Okay, so I have a few categories here. We'll go through 'em one in a time. I want you guys to decide which one of these cringe moments was the most cringey. I want to give a bonus point for the most cringey moment of these so far.


Do you need a recap of the cringe? Oh, I thought maybe you had to narrow down to the ones you, I have one that I would pick but I, I kind of wanna also get your input in on this. I liked the teacher hug. I know that's one of the more recent ones. Definitely competes for cringes moment. That's My least favorite one that Made me cringe the most. And that was like what got me started on like, ooh, there should be bonus points here. 'cause some of these are like oof Living it. That's the worst one I've lived. Yeah, That it's pretty bad. That's, I think that beats most of my cringe in my life that I'll publicly admit to. I'm shocked you talked about it so you get a bonus point for that plus one worth It. Most recent cringe.


Which one of these took place most recently? 'cause you've got, I, I need to find out when these work 'cause you got the ass nurse but that was, that Was a while ago. The one with Mary would've been the most recent one for me. Okay. That would've been what? 8, 9 20 15. 2016. Eight or nine years Ago. Nine, eight years ago. Okay. Musically shit my pants Bob whenever that was, That would've been 10 or 11 years ago. So that was a while Ago. And then you got the the let's play it in the whole house. Family moment. Those Are recent. That would've been recent. I've Definitely had those in the last couple years. While it specifically I told a story about the anniversary party people that was in June of this year.


That's gonna be tough to beat. I Think you're only competing with yourself for most recent Bob. I think either way you've got it All. right. Let's give that to Bob. Well let's see how many points I can earn. Let's keep going. Earliest cringe. Which one of these cringes took place earliest in life? Wade. You don't have too many that are like early. I thought hug my teacher was gonna be pretty early but that nope, That was high school. But Also Bob, I don't think you have too many early ones. No, mine are all focused around like high school, college mostly. So I want to know which one of these is actually the earliest because you got the football date declaration or no band date declaration. That was like middle of high school. I will Say mine was probably 2004.


Early 2004. Mine was probably more like fall of 2005 when I stood up and talked and asked the girl outta the dance on the in front of everybody. So that means hugged my teacher. Might've been also the earliest man. I'm so glad that we keep bringing that one up and just, it keeps winning awards. That's, that's just such a good one. It's a strong candidate. Dude. I get the heebie gbs I wanna throw up every time I think about that moment. All. right. Well we've mentioned there's one more category that might Also impact. I don't know if this was though because I want to know which one of these cringe moments had the biggest impact on your life trajectory? 'cause there's some cringe in my life that I've experienced that I'm like, I will never ever do that again.


I never want to experience that. I'm going to change the person who I am. I'm not saying these are that, but I want to know which one of these had the biggest impact on your life and where it is today. That's a, that's a toss up for me. I think. Was it musically shit my pants, Musically shit my pants is one of the two. That, that one had a big impact on how I felt about my skills and how I saw myself. But I think the one that might had a bigger impact on like changing who I am long term was the the code language for talking about girls. That's a thing I look back on a lot and I'm like don't be that guy you've done that. Don't be like, I'll have thoughts And I compare them directly to that where I'm like, am I being an asshole?


And luckily I think I have changed a lot and I'm not like that anymore. But like it's a big yardstick for me long term of like I compare a lot of stuff to that and a lot of decisions I've made we're we're compared to that before. I committed to things I don't know that occasionally looking behind me to make sure someone's actually talking to me is as big of an impact as You never hugged a teacher again. You had a philosophy teacher in college who begged you to hug them because you were just the best student he had ever had. Please One hug would save my life. Nope. Not doing it. I did it Once. CPR is basically a open-faced hug. I refuse All. right? So we're giving it to football misogyny.


Football mis massage. That's a good, that's a good way to summarize that one. Yes, All. Right and that's, that's the only IES I got. Unless you guys can think of another for bonus points. Usually Mario party doesn't have that many. I think those were good categories. Okay so this is, this is gonna be tough to tabulate because now the scoring has become very complex. So do not look into who is I'm reading first 'cause I have no idea what the points are. Yes, yes. Bob you have one for what's the deal with copiers? All, right. I'll do it. We'll do it. Round robin style. No you got one for that Wade. You got how much lore? None. And for the war hammer Bob you mentioned you were reading Horas heresy so you got a point for that.


Wade. I didn't think of you coming back from that and made me laugh. Yeah, fuck You man. I try to be nice Bob, you got a point for nar Mar Nars very funny. Wade, you got the U2 cringe for the dead dog. Oh God, I forgot about that one again. Oh Bob, I gave you half a point for the bandaid because you had told that before. Okay. But I still wanted to give you something. Wade, you have super awkward Mary, which I believe her username is su super Mary face. Yeah, Thanks man. We don't have to go through the points actually can we just, can you just count 'em All, Right Bub? You got football misogyny with the bonus point. Wade you got recognized in the movie for screaming at people.


Yeah, I I Can't remember. You said probably I'm sorry is what I wrote down Bob. I what was that For? That wasn't the being an American tourist one was it? No, no this was earlier. Well you got a point for it so I'm not gonna discount it. So yeah, Count it. Keep the point on there. That counts. Wade, you got the ass nurse point you musically. Shit my pants. Bob you got another point for that. Cringe. Karen Wade, you got a point for that. Let's play it in the whole house. You got that plus a bonus point for most recent and then Wade hugged my teacher. Got you. One point plus another point plus another point. And then the story that I definitely listened to Bob got the busboy point which damn by one half point You Eked it.


This is the most meticulous scorekeeping I think I've ever told I I've ever taken. But I don't know what probably I'm sorry was for, what was that for? I really can't remember what that was. Wait, do you wanna protest that? I have no idea if you guys Don't remember the chance of me remembering is about zilch In the scoring. What did that come between? That was between football misogyny and musically shit My pants. It must have been equipped to like either a story I told or you told or Yeah, I don't think that was its own story. I think that must've been something I chimed in on. What was that paired up with on wayside? I think it would've been movie cringe or ass nurse, something like that. I can't remember. I apologize if that's a weak point there but I wrote it down so I want to count it.


No, it's fair if you wrote, I mean listen, we all have our point keeping and we don't always remember what the hell they are so I can't even argue it 'cause I do it so All, right. So Bob with half a point and my bias towards Bob apparently continues to this day. Even though the cringes thing here definitely was Wade's hugging his teacher. I think we'll all take away from that in this episode. That moment it got three points. It's the highest scoring and cringe of the day and yet Bob still squeaked it with a story he already told. It's About quantity, not quality. That's what I like to say. Yeah, It sure is. It sure is. So Bob, hold on. Wade winner speed losers.


I don't know that there is a winner today. I know Bob won with points but like I feel like, I don't know, I can't stand cringe. I can't stand good. Cringe bad cringe deserved cringe. I avoid it like the plague. I fast forward or mute things sometimes. so I feel like it's about to be cringe. I walk out of the room, I can't handle it. I'm glad I didn't win this episode. I hate cringe. If you enjoy cringe, you make me cringe and I probably hate you. Wow, That's bold. Okay mean but fair I guess All right Bob Probably, sorry. Wade has a point. I don't know if there are any winners in today's episode. I don't like cringe either. I don't care for it. It makes me cringe and I don't enjoy that. And if you do, I'm with Wade, but there is one thing that I think does make me a winner and make Wade a looser.


And that said, at least I didn't hug my teacher All. right man. It was just her eye in the room. It was just the two of us. She opened her arms. I'll always have that going for me as I think we all remember know Her fucking sister could roll a 20 on a fucking stealth check. So yeah. Anyway I win 'cause that happened. Yeah, I suppose that's only fair All. right. Well thank you everybody for cringing in this episode. If you dare post your cringes moments on the subreddit reddit.com/r/ Distractible. Also, apparently this is way late by the time you hear this, but edge sleep is out now apparently. So there, there you go.


Have Watched it. Yes. Have you better have by the time you hear this. So yeah, check out Bob Mere wave Lord Minion. 7 7 7 Distractible store.com is our merch. It'll change soon. The address of the merch, It'll change. Thank you. I've been Mark bla cringe. Cast out.