
This episode is brought to you by Indiana Jones. In the great circle, uncover one of history's greatest mysteries in Indiana Jones. In the Great Circle, a first person, single player video game set between Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Last Crusade. The Year is 1937. Sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power and only one person can stop them. Indiana Jones. Do I enjoy Indiana Jones? I may have done a cosplay of me in a refrigerator surviving a nuclear bomb. Yes I do. Adventure calls Indiana Jones in the Great Circle out now on Xbox series X and S Game pass and PC rated T for teen copyright and trademark. 2024 Lucas Film Limited. All rights reserved.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode magnifying Mark gets homesick for Whoville gains. Flatulence then reflects on a year of ity broadminded. Barb is haunted by sticks, didn't pump weights and bought a bad fridge. And sucky Subaru wincing Wade gets the cookies, loves chainsaw action and fixates on farming syrup from cranking hard to firm friendship. Yeah, it's time for New Year Old ass. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hi, welcome back to Distractible, the show where we do a professional quality opening every single time because Baltimore is here and thank goodness he is because otherwise we would not be able to have any kind of cohesion or professionalism. But speaking of cohesion and professionalism, I'm here hosting me, mark Applier, that guy from the famous podcast, power Wash Pals. Hey, And I'm not known for destruct. Don't Leave Tyler out. Who? I'm the fourth most popular co-host of Go. My favorite sports team. You know, woo. I'm judging this podcast, which is distractable. If you forgot where I will set up a, oh man, I gotta write stuff down, don't I?


Oh, one of these laws. Where's Your remarkable tablet? Ah, it's in the other room and I'm too lazy to get up and go get it. So it's the end of an era. 2024 is coming to an end. It was a year. That's about the most I can give. 2024. It was a whole year. It was a Pretty up and down year. But before we get into the broader strokes of the year as a whole, how is your day or recent week or recent life as a, you guys Really funny today. James met Santa today. He did this last year. He did not remember. And he was, he was kind of scared of Santa last year, which is pretty common for little kids who, he's two years old this year. And we took him to meet Santa and we were like standing outside of Santa's area and it's like a hole.


There's Christmas trees all around and it's decorated. We're standing outside and he's all Santa Ho ho ho. Christmas tree, Christmas tree. He would not shut up. Like he's very, he's in a stage right now where he's super chatty. It's adorable. And then it was like our turn and we go through the line and we walk in and like he stands at the entry and we're like, it's Santa James. Go meet stand. And he does that kid thing where he is like, like two inches at a time. Wouldn't say a damn word. Walked up to the guy. This, it was, he was a great Santa, the guy who was doing it, I mean Santa was great and he was like chatting him and asking him questions. He had his zebra with him 'cause he wouldn't put the zebra down today.


He's like, oh you have a zebra. Oh, I love zebras baby. You can help me take care of my reindeer. Oh. And James was just like, And then I was signed for the picture and we were like, go hug Santa. And he like did that thing where he didn't move his body, but he leaned in slightly closer to imply that he was like hug. And it was really cute. The pictures turned out pretty cute. But he was, he just gets, it's, he's, you've met, you both have met him. He's not particularly shy in general, but when he meets like people in costumes or strangers, he doesn't know who are, you know, but he knows from TV or whatever. It's a weird reaction. I can't tell if it's abject horror or he's just like, It's the celebrity I love from television.


He see. Oh, but it was very cute. And we have pictures, so we're sending everybody pictures Like a Christmas story. Whenever Santa like kicks the kid down the slide, shoot Your eye out kid. Has he seen that movie yet? Nah. He has no reason to fear Santa from the media. We've showed him. We did accidentally show him some of the Santa laws. So maybe he thinks Santa is Tim Allen and he doesn't like him. That's an entirely reasonable response. You walk into the North Pole and you're like, I mean, ho, ho, ho. Whoa. Wait. Oh, and then he brought you cookies, Wade. He did. Yeah. I was gonna say, James delivered cookies to me today and he was really sweet. He was like greeting me. He and Red came by and I forget what all words he said, but he said hello.


And he said, bye-bye. He handed me the cookies and I was like, thank you. And she's like, say you're welcome. He's like, welcome. And I was like, oh thanks. And then he put his hands out like, All right and I'll give him back. I was like, oh. It was awkward because I'm not gonna, they're also very good cookies. But no, it was sweet seeing him. I can't believe how vocal he is now 'cause like compared to last time we saw him. Oh, he Literally just talks constantly. It's crazy. Well, he was kinda shy around me the first couple times. I guess I've seen him a handful of times now at least. But you know, even I feel like the last time we saw him, which maybe it was out to dinner or something, but he was a little bit more quiet. But no, he was, he was chatty, just kind of talking to himself, looking around. He said like, Presley came out with me, my dog Presley. And he said Presley's name.


And it was like Presley like prompt him. We were like, did He randomly pick anything up and throw it and go, go get it? No, thankfully we Were trying to teach him to play with the dog and we're like, you take the dog toy and you toss it and you say go get it. And with Lexi, or when there's other dogs in the house, he just w with whatever he finds, he's just like, go get it. And the dogs are like, what the shit man? We Were outside and the only thing close to him was a pile of dog poop. So I'm glad he didn't pick anything up to throw it. 'cause it would've been bad for all of us. Oh, he would? Well I'm glad he didn't steal the cookies back from you. They're very good. They're Very good. Mandy made those, they're delicious. Yeah, so far I think I've already had two chocolate chips and two of the pretzels and we've had the cookies for all of, actually like an hour and a half at this Point.


Yeah, it's only been a little bit. I'm missing out on all the Christmas stuff. Well you live in the wrong state. You're allowed to live here. I don't know if they'll take me back guys. I'm too California Dip Ohio doesn't like my type dude. I got a haircut this week and the, the lady who was cutting my hair was very chatty, of course pol politics 'cause I was getting haircuts, so she was talking politics and I was just kinda like, mm mm just cut my hair. Mm. And at some point she was asking me a question. I was like, yeah, well we lived in California for a while but we just moved back. And she was kind like, oh you're a California person. Didn't mention anything else about politics, that's for sure. And was not so, I mean, she wasn't mean, but she was not so chatty and nice the rest of the time.


'cause she knew the truth about me. So you might be right, they might, you might, you might find it difficult to be here. Is everyone such a famous Californian? It's, it is funny when I get questions from family about how the wasteland of California is and how I'm faring in the, in the nightmare escapee that it, the beautiful weather at the moment. I, I had, it's a family member who was like, yeah, how do you deal with $9 gas? And I'm like, well you know, I drive an electric car, number one and number two, that was a transient price increase. Yes, it's more expensive, but it's like, I dunno What, when you fill up the old gas tank mark, Anytime there's a fire I get, I get so many texts being like, are you okay? And I'm like, Texas Or Texas, California is a very big state.


Usually the fires aren't in high, big population centers. I mean usually. Okay, so, but I would like to come back someday. You Should. Did you know Ohio's more like California now than ever before. I, where is this going? Three days ago there was a magnitude 3.3 earthquake, right on the little southern tip of Ohio. Ooh. Ohio doesn't get those. And everybody just filled in their basements and started driving Teslas really fast on the highways. And now we no longer say y'all. We say, dude, I've Met one person that actually talks like that. And it's Evan Else. You mean Evan from the northeastern part of America? Yeah, exactly. From I believe Maine.


You Mean Evan Bro? No, everyone, everyone in Ohio. After the earthquake, when you, you walk into stores and they were just like, what are you even doing here? Get back on Mul Holland and Head South till it jumps you, whatever. Are you from Louisville? That's very good guys. I don't think I'm coming back anymore Dude. You should. It's fun. We have fun here. You know, Maybe I will, depending on how everything in my life turns out bad If you don't come back. Geez. Of Course That's a little thick. That's a little heavy. Wade. Calm down. I'm Not, I'm not wishing it on you. I just know that here is where the good is. Before we transition, I wanted to mention, we talked about Baltimore at the beginning.


I played the Space Marines two game not too long ago, which was really fun. It's a great game. And I was talking about someone was Allure and someone's like, oh doesn't Bort do a whole bunch of war Hammer 40 K lore? I was like, yeah, yeah he does. And someone's like, what is Voldemort's Twitch channel? And I was like, hmm, not sure that's what you're looking for. But Everybody calls him Voldemort. I don't know if it's an auto correct thing or what. Anytime any people, even people who know it, they mention him on Reddit or whatever that was like, oh God, I love v Mort's openings. He's so funny and witty and British. There's, that reminds me of something. My family was in town and I took them to Universal Studios Hollywood. I've never actually been in the park myself. But we went and we're going around there.


The strange thing about that place is Universal owns rights to like how the Grinch stole Christmas. Right? And one of my favorite movies of all time is Jim Carrey. How The Grinch Stole Christmas on the Sign. They had a big Grinch area, but it said Happy ation. Yeah. Who Ation? No, It's who? Vation what? It's the ation, isn't it? I thought it was like jubilation but it's jubilation. I Thought it was Whoville celebration. Is it not The Ho Violation? I looked at that and I hear the, I hear the entire movie in my head all the time. And I'm pretty sure I remember the line Ho Valuation jubilation.


Oh, the correct term is jubilation with a B. Not who Vian according to who this festive celebration is associated with the fictional town of Whoville from Dr. Seuss's, blah blah blah, blah blah. Is that The Google AI giving you that answer? This Is from spirit halloween.com. Okay. Don't you dare Question Spirit Halloween. I'm questioning it. I don't believe it's jubilation because that doesn't make any sense at all. Yeah. 'cause it's the who Jubilation. It's the who's Jubilating? They're Jubilate. It's the Whoville Jubilation. Maybe The town doesn't Jule the The who's Jule.


I gotta, I gotta wa I've watched the GR show of Christmas like three times already. I gotta watch it again with captions. Because I wanted to do a video where I actually recite the entire movie all in one go. No cuts, like on a live stream or something. So I need to study up because I got a lot of it in my head. But I need to get it all in order for practicing. 'cause I want to do all the voices and everything in my entire life of watching this movie. I swear every character in the Jim Carrey one says Who? Vian? Who? Vian Who? Maybe not. It's been So long since I've seen it. I could not tell you. And vs. And Bees are pretty close. Didn't you also say before this recording to remind you to talk about something cowbell That was it Cowbell because I love cowbell.


Yeah. So I still, much to my chagrin and I've talked about it endlessly drive my Tesla that I've had for eight years. The giant piece of shit. And that's not just me like hating for hating. No, it's been bad. It's been really Bad. I drove it off the lot as a piece of shit. It's been a piece of shit through every year of its warranty in which it's been in service every single year for many times the same problem. And they've done full replacements on the suspension three times. And now it is officially out of warranty. So if it happens again, I'm screwed. Anyway, in Tesla there's a cowbell mode that is activated by pressing the cruise control four times. And the thing is, if I press it twice And it doesn't activate, I'm gonna press it.


'cause to activate it, you press it twice, right? I go to click, click And it doesn't go. So I go click, click again. And then I activated cowbell mode. So for the rest of the fucking drive to Tyler's house. Wait, So is it, is it actually the song, is there something weird about pressing cruise control multiple times And don't fear the reaper coming On It is. Exactly. It was exactly that. It was don't What the fuck. It was a whole, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off because pressing it four times again only restarts The song.


And I'm in the middle of driving on the highway. So I just like, so for 20 minutes Don, It's a long song, but the, even when the song ends, it just loops. It loops after the first few lines. And then Christopher Walken comes out and says, I Gotta have more cowbell. I Got a fever and the only prescription is my cow. And then it goes again, Don the oh Fucking drive. Teslas have the vibe of like websites in the early two thousands where it's like I'm, I'm going to this website because I need to order whatever printer ink and it's just like a printer ink website.


And you load it up and just like all the small things starts playing and a bunch of clip art is like dancing around the screen. And then in the middle it's like, yeah, click here to buy a printer ink, well ship it To you. It's so stupid. It's so stupid. And you know how I turned it off? 'cause I actually had to, when I got there, I Googled it. How the fuck do I turn off? It's a bunch of people thinking like, I don't know what the fuck happened. You like say something or something. No, the easiest way besides shutting the car completely down then turning it back on, is to activate fart mode and press the fart button and that will interrupt the cowbell And it will stop playing. Dude, The fart mode is funny though. 'cause it'll make different seats in the car fart.


That's funny. I don't think any other car in the world has that kind of fart mode. What? Oh, have you never seen fart mode Wade? No, I've, I don't. I've seen a car with heated seats once. Oh yeah. Is that too, that's not part of the fart mode though. It so in, in yours, is it the right stock that is the the cruise control one or is it the left stock? It's left. Left lower one. Yeah, Because we have a model wide, it's the right stock which the passenger in the car could absolutely reach. So anytime if they wanted to, a passenger could just reach over and just go ding ding dink dink cowbell. And then cowbell mode would probably start, I think, and That's fun.


At least it was only 20 minutes, but I feel like if I was on a longer drive I would've pulled over. So maybe it's the worst case to be in. But Imagine of the worst times. Like you're rushing to the hospital and you actually do it. It's just, I bet you can activate fart mode with voice commands though. So if it ever happens again, you just hold the voice command button. It's be like, ah, fart mode. And everyone in the car could just be like, what the fuck? What clown car are we in? What the hell? In a funeral procession, you got people in the car morning and you actually activate cow modes and you're like, I'm so sorry. Let activate fart mode Don't tempt deal on. He would put in a voice activated far mode. What Funny horn noise do you use, mark?


That's the real question. Can You customize the horn? You can change the horn and the like lock sound, the walkaway lock sound kind of thing to any sound you want. You can literally put MB threes in. Wow, that's great man. I can't wait for that. So I assume you use a funny novelty sound for those things. Oh wait, this is what you're missing for not having a car. Just to let you know. At least I know why I can't get one. They're so busy programming useless shit into it that it takes extra time on the production line. Don't Talk shit about fart Mode. Anyway, that's that update, but not the topic of today's episode.


It's been a year. We have sustained this podcast through thick and thin. If you count three pens in a pod. We've been doing this podcast for I believe six years. Is that right? Talked about establishing it in 2018. So I think at the earliest would've been 2019. Okay, so five years we have been doing this podcast on and off. We don't know when the first date is. Someone out there probably does, but we do not. But either way, five years of Distractible slash three pins in a pod is a long time for anybody but to be doing a sustained regular podcast, which oddly enough, we actually have. But this year was especially fun because we had some real bangers of episodes this year.


And I, I do think that a lot of people would agree there are some of the funniest episodes that we've ever done in this past year. Which is shocking because of how little time we actually had to do all this. And like I went through so many different setups. I was in a bathtub for a little bit. I was on the floor multiple times. I wrote the score in a napkin. We went back to Bob's hot tub and we did a together episode. We talked about buying a movie theater. We, I talked about various hyper fixations that changed all through over one of the earliest episodes of this year was actually Lens chat with Mark part one, Which was in front of the fireplace at my house, right?


Yes, exactly. Dear Penthouse, Dear Penthouse did happen. Yes, I think people were scarred for life when they heard the last story of that episode, but still extremely funny. The first Epi, the first one of weight's Widow Philosophy Hour was this year really on January 19th, 2024. Weighty Widow Philosophy Hour. We've done a couple of those. Says we've, that's been a er recur recurring No tear lists. I don't think this year. I don't believe any Tearless. We still have time. I could do a tear list of episodes. I did think about that. I'm scanning over the episode names and I gotta say it's not enough for me to remember what happened in most of them. Oh, I remember.


Do you? I Remember, yeah. Squid Game two. Don't fucking have a clue what happened there. I don't. I can fly. Oh, The, there's one called You'll Never Believe what happened. No idea. There's one called Mark is a visionary. No idea. Oh, I got the Vision Pro, right? Midface Maxing was this year. Oh yeah. Was The Distractible mascot this year? Yes. That was this year I believe. So we created that mascot. I upgraded myself. What is The, what happened in the episode? Tear down these balls. Wade hosted that one. What what Wade What is that?


What was The date on that one? March 11th. Tear down these balls hosted by you. Won by me. The There's a description that still doesn't make it make Sense. No. Yeah, this doesn't make sense. You want me to read it or you Read it? Read it. Yeah. Sorry. In a World of surge pricing, beanie Babies, kit Kats and sperm Distractible always prospers. The fuck does that mean tear Down these ball? What? What happened? I will say one of the funnier ones just because, and I didn't even come up with it, SIA, and sourced all the, the sound bites for it was animal noises. That was good. Just from you guys' reactions to the animal noises. I fucking love that episode. So funny.


You know, Back whenever we first started keeping track of points, I didn't really mark down words for what each point was for. So I don't know which one of these was. Tear down these balls, You just have a bunch of randomly scribbled points For some of the earlier ones. Yeah. Ah, man. You actually have kept every record of it. I know we're supposed to. I I have. All of mine are all in one book. So I have, every episode I've hosted this season is all in the same one. Damn. I need to do that. February 6th is the very first one that I've got notes for you. Damn. I gotta, I gotta be better about that. Did we start keeping score this year as well? Is that, is that this year? Yeah, I think so. My, my first score is pants season four, episode five.


March 15th is the first one that I have in this book. I don't know if I wrote down a couple earlier ones in other stuff 'cause I got this specifically to do that obviously. I mean, I used To keep track on like, just like a notepad or something that we would delete it. But once we started having to keep the record or whatever, have it written down, it's always been here. So February 6th is the very first one I've gotten here. You know what happened in May of this year that I've still not let go of? What's that? Fucking 20 questions and the Chapstick Debacle, right? Oh man, we have to, That was in May of this year. That still counts me. We have to settle that. We have to settle that once and for all, but not today. I would like to know what happened on this February 6th recording where Mark lost.


Maybe they're not minuses, but if they are, mark, you lost like 30 points for Jesus. What? I've got crucified Jesus lenses. Jesus tragedy. Mark wrecked Jesus plus eight points for repairing things. Interesting. I don't Know what Happened. Fascinating. Anyway, so the, the episode, another episode is Nod Win. That is the, the Dear Penthouse forum. There's a part one and a part two. That part one. Also hilarious. So many, many, many laughs this year. 20 Easy Questions was this year. What was that wall guys? Adrian. Oh God. What was the, what was the treaty though? That's the one no one killed a Westphalia.


That's the one. There you go. La Fuck. I was gonna say Versailles again. Dammit. What was the element? Astonian. That's really close. Astatine. Astatine. Ah. See Easy questions. Easy questions. Another one. I honestly don't remember. Those are the ones I always remember. 'cause they're funny. I don't really, I Didn't get any of those. Well no, I would've gotten the first one, right? Yeah. You got Adrian. Well, there were 17 other questions, so I can't remember either. Regardless, it's been a, a banger year for Distractible, but I want to know, has it been a banger year for us as people? What have we not done in accordance with our own goals this year? Because I'll, I'll, I'll tell you guys, I had a lot of goals this year.


I thought the movie would be up. That's probably my biggest one. Yeah. Spring, right? I mean if we're, if I'm gonna kick it off, I'm gonna kick it off hard because I look everyone listening to know was like, where's Aaron Long? Where's Aaron Long? I was like, I fucking Thought the same thing. Where the fuck is that movie? Where, why is it now Yet? But you lost it. Yeah. I can't find it man. It's gone. Hell, hopefully someone turns it up and returns it. I maybe that is probably the biggest one that I was like, man, but it's not for lack of trying. I did at least try at that one because I felt like I put in a ton of work into it and I have, and I still have work left to do on it. There's still conversation to be had and the, the sound is being finalized and so it, it's still got a little bit to go, but it's mostly there and I'm very proud of what it is.


But this battle has been a very uphill, the other things that I haven't accomplished this year is I didn't study a bit of Korean, even a tiny bit of Korean this year. Even from your one note card? No, that wasn't for Korean. I I wished it was one vocab word would've been an improvement on this year as opposed to the nothing that I did. And it's, it's a shame because I, my my excuse before was that I had no time and there were many times in this year where I did not have a single second to spare. But let's be honest, I've been playing a lot of tro If those TRO cards had Korean on them, like just like, just if there was some vocab TRO game, Oh you could set it to Korean. Oh imagine. Can you do That? No, I just like, if you could set it to Korean, that'd be sick.


Oh man. If they could make language learning as fun as that card game, it would be so easy to learn. Wait, Wait. What's your highest, what's, do you know what your highest hand is? No, I think I've only gotten like a couple million. I don't understand how people get into the 10 exponential power of Numbers. My best hand is 35.6 million. 35 million. 35.6 million. How In the, how I've been, I've put a lot. Wait, have you played this game yet? I haven't. I dude don't You'll get, you'll get stuck on it. I, that's the thing is I, my, my best hand is 35.6 million but my progression is I'm at like 21% overall progression.


I don't, I have maybe 20 hours total played in this game. Yeah. And it, shit, 'cause it's on my, I got it on my phone and that's the only place I play it and it's like, it's awesome. Anyway, I don't know half this is 'cause I'm only 16% and I feel like I've beaten the game a couple times. But then I realize like, yeah, I see other people that have like high a score of like 3.3 to the power of three E to the power of 26 or something like that. I, my highest hand is 1.5 million. So 1.5 million is my highest. And I had some pretty, what I felt was pretty good multipliers multiplying the multipliers and I was like, okay, I got, I got this, my name is Mark Lyer. I know how to do multiplier. I got it. And no, no not at all. I still lose on like round four sometimes to stupid Dude.


It happens. No it's all, it's all about the draw. Like I don't know if there's a point where you get to start with more stuff that's more consistent but it's, I you could still lose in the first Round. Oh shit. He's in there. All right. Play it. Play it All right. Maybe not right now I guess but Yeah, he could do what he wants anyway. It's an awesome game. It's very fun. I got An ace. Nope, nevermind. There's a hilarious back and forth that the developer was doing with Peggy 18 because in in Europe they rated this game. Peggy 18 For gambling. Yeah, apparently. Well That makes sense 'cause there's so much gambling in it. Oh yes. So much. I think it's the lusty joker that really got him that one not.


Okay man. It's also a really good football play. Peggy 18. Peggy 18 Sandra 21. 21. What? This guy's played football before. You can tell. Yeah, you don't know Peggy. Sandra 2118. It's also my favorite Bible first. Are you Peyton Manning? I'm gonna gloss over that because we're getting off topic and and I'm bringing it back around to regrets 'cause I didn't learn Korean and I didn't, I didn't. I haven't worked out at all. Although my server building has gotten me a little bit better in shape and weirdly more conditioning. I have not accomplished anything that I really set out to do this year. Are you guys the same? I Have a couple regrets here. This is a very adult niche regret of being like your own business owner.


But I have meant to all year get health insurance through my business so that way like I'm not just paying it all out of my personal pocket every month. Haven't done it. This was the maple syrup I believe year where I had to replace the furnace and AC unit because of the weird maple syrup smell outside. Which I think actually in two days I'm due to change the furnace filter. Yay. Another adulting fun that tastes like five seconds. I just don't wanna do it. I tell you about the water filter snafu. No. So we have filtered water and you have to change out like the filter's like a bottle that just like screws in and you're supposed to change it every six months. So I went to change it a month ago right before we had visitors.


I mean like the day before we had visitors and Molly had just like cleaned up the kitchen, we'd cleaned the house, everything was like sparkly shiny. I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go ahead and change out this water filter too. Even have fresh water for everyone when they get here. This is gonna be great. And I read the instructions of like easy to change filter, don't even need to shut the water off. Just unscrew pop the new one in. Screw it in, you're done. And I was like how do you filter the water if it doesn't go into the water? Why would, why would you not have to shut the water off? But alright if they say so I start to unscrew the old EW Water everywhere. Is this the one in your fridge? No, no. It's under the sinks. Like we have Oh the kitchen faucet has like another little filtered water faucet. No, You probably should have turned the water off.


Yeah. Yeah. I really thought I should have. And you know under the sink there's all those little levers that turn off water to different things. Yeah There's probably like a separate shutoff just for that one thing. I Bet. Well I panicked and I was like I don't know which one of these it is. Let me run down and shut off the main water valve. Oh no. So I ran down shut the main water valve, ran Back up and guess what, there's still water in the pipes after you do that. Pouring out all over the wood floor. It's all a disaster. Molly's grabbing towels. It's a mess. You Know if you had just screwed that back in it might have. I Tried and even like once, I don't know, once that seal was wet it was like, oh Ho ho. Oh I'm not going back in Bitches.


But eventually I turned off man, once you start flipping those things into the sink they work a lot quicker than the water main shut off. Oh Yeah, no those are, that's like, it's what they're for. But that cabinet never been cleaner before. The good old I had to have one good water scare this year. I think we replaced toilets this year. That might have been last year. But we replaced some toilets again. All the fun house stuff man. All the fun house stuff. I don't know if those count as regrets but they're certainly like dings on the fun that this year had. I mean it sounds like you regret not turning the water off that's for sure. I regret not flipping that little handle right away too. It's really easy Once the water's off those filters could not be easier to change out. Yeah, no it's like putting a cap on a water bottle.


So simple with that when there's water not pouring out, it's crazy how easy it is to screw that in. It's totally understandable for me to do this because I've been doing a lot of water cooling and I have made some really stupid boneheaded decisions about the wrong thing to unscrew at the wrong time. The difference is I'm surrounded by very sensitive electronics. Even a drop gets in one of those power supplies, it is gonna explode. Maybe I had something that was not my fault that I didn't realize was an issue because I had one, it was a pre-built like mount for a CPU. So you put it on there, it's cooler with like pre pre-PIP, you know, tubing to go through so you can just plug it in something. But it had an adapter at the end that I didn't have.


So I was just gonna cut it off and replace it because I'm like I, I was cutting all this tubing anyway. I'm like it looks like high quality tubing but it still cuts. I didn't realize this thing was prefilled, Which to me makes no Sense at all. So all a sudden I cut it goosh, I don't know why it was pressurized but it was pressurized this stream of viscous green goo that I've never seen in my life. Like cartoon radioactive material goes And it is getting everywhere but thankfully it's going against the wall and not into the server if I'd have been pointed that way right into the server, thankfully right against the wall. So It was like pressurized though, huh? They must, they must like vacuum prime those like pull a vacuum and then just like open a valve and it's all and sucks it in And I Probably, yeah because it was, it was sealed with like quick release couplings at the end and I was like that's cool but it, I didn't have the connectors for it but I have connectors for other ones as it's getting all over the wall And it looks like, you know, an alien just like got shot and the green acidic blood just went against the wall and all over my hand as well.


I remember seeing a warning on the box that said warning contains per chlorate materials, it's hazardous waste. And I'm like what in this could possibly be hazardous waste? Oh I bet it's that green stuff. And I look at the green stuff on the wallet and on my head spitting it out. I Had already taste tested it at that point. So I was like, I Wonder what This is. My instinct was just aim it in my mouth. So I was all, I have to contain the flow. So I looked up what perchlorates do and perchlorates, they disrupt the function of the thyroid gland by interfering with the iodide uptake in thyroid hormone productions.


Well That's kind of important. Good Thing that's not in your hands. Good Thing. So I'll probably be fine catch As you consult anyone or about just go wash your hands and just like, ah, I don't know. I don't know what I Do. Anyway, this was a few days ago. Hello? Poison control. I got per coate on My hands. Honestly, maybe I should call them because it's probably not great. It doesn't sound like it's completely harmless. It sounds like it could do some Stuff. But then again I have been very attentive to iodide and I, I went on many a ramble about iodide in salt and how people should have that and not get just any salt that says talking in iodide necessary nutrient because it's very good for you and your thyroid uses that and this is the one thing that stops it.


I'm just gonna have a bunch of extra iodide in there now So I've got a prescription to eat as much salt as I want. That's what I hear anyway. That's it. Might also not be in that fluid because I've never encountered another coolant that has a warning like that on it. So who knows what it is. But anyway, I got green goop everywhere. Someone Came to my chat the other day asking about, what was it, the, the sugary fruit thing. Uli ly Weebly. Uli Weebly Fruit. It's so funny because I don't know how many times I said browsing in there was the actual sugar and I said the uli, it's from the Uli fruit. And it was like, yeah, ULI sugar. And I'm like, wow, people really just latch onto one thing more than the other. It's browsing. Which is the thing, the uli is the fruit. I don't need a, I don't have a kilogram.


I I got it by the way. Oh Shit. I got it, I got it. Did you, did you stab a knife into it when you got there and take your pinky and like Do you wanna see it kind of? Yeah. Lemme go get it. Lemme go get it. All right. Handshake. Okay. Yeah. How can we mess this up? He's hosting, I just wanna scare him again. This is, the viewers won't find this very entertaining. We could just do nothing. Just be smug. Oh, I agree. Just fake handshake him. Yeah, I think maybe you, if you're up for it as things, as things go on, you should just like randomly just be like, oh is that one And I'll just be like, yep, okay. And then like pretend you like, pretend like you're writing something or whatever. Just have an ongoing bit. Okay. So yeah, my mom had moved it.


My mom's Over right now. So anyway, this is the browsing, right? Yeah man, we can see it. Yeah, let me show you. That looks like a thing. You should definitely ingest a lot of. I don't know why it wasn't flagged immediately just because My god man, if you ever want to import a bunch of white powder, apparently enes your secret ticket. Yeah, Apparently it was really funny because it came with a material data safety sheet, which if you know is when you have any kind of material, usually in a laboratory setting it has a safety sheet to tell you what to do if you know something goes wrong. And so this is a sugar And it's like, yeah, using baking, it's heat safe. And then on the material data sheet it said if you get it in your mouth, wash out like as soon as possible.


Contact poison control, make sure you have a chemical shower and an eye wash station nearby. I'm really hoping they just copy and pasted the wrong thing. Have you tried any of it yet? I tried it, yes. It is super weird. How do you ingest it without putting it in your mouth? I I I think I really do think that was the wrong thing because it said a lot of things that didn't gel with what it was. It even the description of it wasn't right. It's, it was talking about a brown powder. Are you Sure you got the right product? Yes, because I tasted it so I know it's good. So what's really weird is like it at first it's super strong because it's a thousand times sweeter than sugar is.


But it it definitely tastes sweet but it's a different kind of sweetness. Right? And a tiny I tiniest, tiniest little, little itty bitty like tip of my pinky dip it in fills your entire mouth. It feels like every surface in your mouth is suddenly coated in this sweet stuff And it, it's so aggressive that it's not exactly pleasant and the the sweetness lingers in your mouth for like 10 minutes. It is weird. It's super weird. Bob, is that one? Yeah. Yeah. Shut up guys. Shut up. The both of you. The both of You. You're not in charge of any points here, so it don't Matter. Sure, it don't matter. Don't care. New Year, new us New Year, new us. It's Not in the New Year yet, man.


Anyway, so this, I believe this stuff would work really well with like I want to try to make a lemonade out of it because I believe that if I, I believe it would go well with a tart or sour thing to balance out the tartness and I could use very little of it. You should get a bag of citric acid and then come up with a powder to powder ratio and you could just make like eaten powder Maybe Would It counter spice like a ghost pepper with two dots of raw? It would counter it right out. I'm sure. And I, I actually, the first, one of the first things I said to Amy was that like, what if instead of the cinnamon challenge I did the browsing challenge, I tried to eat a whole spoonful of this without Any water.


Oh Man. Oh No, You mean that stuff that shows up with a adult ingest warning? I think it's a great idea. That was not applicable to this. I I don't think that that was related. I'm Not a hundred percent Sure. Keep that sheet around just in case you end up going to the hospital though. You read the warnings on this, right? Yes, I knew it was wrong While my family was in town. She wanted me to invite friends for dinner and so I of course being the guy that I am said you wanna try some browsing to everyone at The table? And they were like, yeah, yeah we do. So I, I put powder on A plate and I use A knife to divvy it up into little sections and my cousin comes over, yellin comes over and she's just looking at the plate like She doesn't speak English Perfectly so it's just like she doesn't know how to ask if we're doing drugs or not and I don't know how to say what we're doing so I didn't even Bother anyways.


So everyone tries it And it ruins the meal for everyone because it was right before dinner. It didn't ruin it entirely, but everything after that tasted sweet. Every single thing we ate, especially the soup. So when I, when I, the rest of the food got okay after a few minutes but then the soup stayed sweet for me the entire time. Every town I went to it must Have like the powder like was hiding in your mouth and the soup was like dissolving it and finding it in all the little in your gums and whatever. When they say a thousand times sweeter than sugar, they just mean like you only need one 1000th of this to match the effect of sugar. And they are not lying. I don't Have a measuring cup like that.


We're talking about that in the context of it's sweet but it's protein based, right? Yes. Yeah. So it's not actually a good source of protein. It's just interesting that it's not, it has no glycemic response. Yes, exactly. Where's my one 4000th cup of sugar? Yeah. All right. These cookies cook recipe calls for one cup of sugar. So let's run that conversion. I I don't even know if you could what's one, what's one 1000th of a cup? A micro teaspoon. I think the imperial system fails us at scales like this. Damnit We should have used alga kilograms. That's the word Alga kilograms. Yes. Is that what they use though for in London? Yeah Where the we believe fruit is imported from Africa.


I think it would work well if you mixed it with like a little bit of other artificial sweeteners and then also sugar and like you found a ratio. 'cause all of it balances it. It would, I believe it helps balance all those others out. The internet is smart. Convert one cup into milliliters, 236.6 milliliters approximately one 1000th of that is 0.236 milliliters. It doesn't really work for powder measurement but for a scale reference that's how much bruising you need for a cup of sugar. That's so Small a cup equals Oh my. So you were essentially pounding a cup of sugar or more depending on how much of that stuff you were putting in your mouth.


Yeah. I wonder why it tasted so sweet Anyway. You wanna try some? I honestly do but I don't think the internet is capable of that quite yet. That's Crazy. You only need one grain per day and you have a whole bag of it. Yeah, well you have like a lifetime supply of of that shit now I was wondering why a kilogram costs $270. It makes a lot of sense Now. Wait, so that's a kilogram. Oh I don't know how dense it is. How many milliliters in a kilogram? Oh man, it's one liter of water is one kilogram. You have 2,365 cups of sugar in that bag. Is That Accurate? Wait a second, I just did math in my head. It's probably wrong but No, I think you might be right.


I think I have a theoretical equivalent of 2,300, A couple thousand cups of sugar. Hey for 200 bucks that's a deal. That's not Bad. That's, I'll be pissed if my neighbor comes over and asks for a cup of boo. I have a cup of browsing. What are you making? That's my entire warehouse of sugar World's largest pancakes. I think, I think some people listening to this podcast may hear me talk about some random bullshit and assume that I'm just talking about it in a very theoretical sense. I've gotten everything that I've talked about, I have obtained every single thing that I have mentioned that I am obsessed with. I have a bucket full of glauer salt. I have a lot of it. It's sitting in a tub outside.


I can't wait to see that, that cooling system. I'm ready for it. I have a theory to make it work that it would simplify a lot of things. I I realize Needs more cowbell. God no, please, no, but I have a theory of how it could work but I won't get into it because I've been yapping way too much for this episode And you guys, I need to hear your regrets. Well Wade was talking, I I was trying to think about regrets. I, I think we talked about New Year resolutions at the end of last year and I basically said I don't do that 'cause I am low. The obvious one for me is I don't think I'm worked out maybe five times this year. Probably not enough to see results. What about getting your fridge from a major corporation? I did have to buy a fridge again this year. That was a pretty big failure.


I was trying not to do a apply. You did like, you know, house and appliance based failures. I was trying to do other stuff. We're Adults here. We're allowed to have adult regrets. All right. This is, this is real and people, people have been taught you about this since I mentioned it in passing my car. My Subaru, I feel a little bit like a failure for that. I am selling it. It will be gone soon. It was a good car And it was like a dream car and I did all this stuff to it that I wanted to do. I think I'm not as much of a car guy as I thought I was. I think that's a thing 'cause it wasn't really like a hyper fixation. Always like cars and I still like cars. I still just like go on cars and bids and websites like that and, and look and be like, oh there's a, there's a 1992 Fox body Mustang.


Oh it's a roller chassis. Bring your own engine in transmission. I don't know if I can do that. It's hard. It's such a hard hobby. I'm so used to hobbies being more like computers where it's like huge pain in the ass and you have to learn some stuff to do car shit. You need like, you need like a big space and also you need to be really willing to crawl, crawl underneath of a thing that weighs several thousand pounds and is probably not gonna fall over on the things that you lifted it up and set it on. Jack stands are very safe. It's probably fine but it, it does make me feel a little bit like a poser. I talked a lot about cars this year and I talked about that Subaru a lot over the last couple years. I think my car error is over guys. I think I'm a fake car guy. It's more like a realization 'cause it wasn't really a resolution than I had but it feels like a failure.


It's not but like it feels like a failure That qualifies. I I think so because you reach the end of the road and you're like, ah man I like it wasn't as satisfying as it should have been, especially if it was like something you thought about in the long run. You know what, you could be though Bob and Mark you as well. I, I told Bob this earlier, I got an email from a guy works in the fossil industry. Might hook us up with some really expensive fossils we could Buy. I I was never in on fossils. That was a you and mark thing. Just to be clear, I think when you reach this age, we have a few paths ahead of us that are slowly diminishing and if car guy isn't your thing then you've got gun guy and way too political guy. Those are the only two other options. Those Could be the same thing actually those those most likely are the same thing.


Woodworking guy Woodworking. You could do woodworking. Can I be golf guy? No. Oh Well you can but like golf is what you do when you're not doing one of the other Things. Wait, we've talked about this. I think I I I might be a woodworking guy. I have dreams. I'm I'm that guy. Like I have no woodworking skill and a random smattering of tools for things. I have projects I've done one time ever, but I'll look at videos online or if someone is like I built this custom fit cabinet, it fits perfectly in this spot, it's trimmed in and I look and I'm like eh, I could definitely do that. I could do it. Get some two by fours. You build the base, get some nice plywood, you know some finished plywood, use a little iron on veneer on the edges there, get some nice, I could do that.


I've never done it in my entire life. The tuus tool I own is the cheapest circular saw I could buy at at Lowe's one time when I needed to build a step in the garage out of like two by fours and two by sixes. But I absolutely could be woodworking guy. Maybe that's my new era this year. What if I did that? Do you guys want some woodworking stuff? I would Love for you to become woodworking guy. Jason is big woodworking guy, not my brother. Pam's Jason, he's huge into woodworking. He just builds stuff all the time and and he has the tools for it and he understands the tools and it's like it combines a lot of different little hobbies and it's like oh man, that's really cool. Like he's gonna get A-C-N-C-A wood CNC soon. I got him like a low powered laser, like a laser cutter.


It's doesn't take any gas like it's a pure just like electric laser which you know has limitations in the amount of power that it can put out. But he was, he, he can definitely etch into things, burn like designs into wood and cut through some things and it's like, it's like he, he really does make a lot of stuff and it's really cool. I just go to Ryobi days and I look around, I'm like I'll buy this tool and then I never use it 'cause I don't have anything to use it for. That's kind of where I'm at right now. This is, this has turned me onto, I don't know if this is a thing I will do. This is not a defined personality you've said I could have. There's a YouTube channel called Strange Parts who is a guy who lived in China and shopped at the marketplaces for like secondhand iPhone parts and stuff and he's done a lot of videos about customizing iPhones and things.


Recently he released a video, I think it's his most recent video still. He made his own iPhone like the entire enclosure. Everything except for the screen in the internals out of billet aluminum. He started with a block of aluminum and fully machined including threaded screw holes and an undercut around the edge of the case. Fully measured and machined just with his own, you know, measuring techniques and machining and he had to make like machine fixtures. It's like a little tabletop CN nnc so it is not like a machinist or whatever, but it's, he did these processes, he built his own fixtures to hold the phone at very specific angles and to, it's fascinating. It's a 30 minute-ish video if that's part of woodworking, I could definitely get into that and It's well respected.


I think of all the hobbies that you could have. People go like woodworking and they're like, hell yeah, that's awesome. Meanwhile I got MyLab salt and servers and people just spit on me as I walk down the street. Dude, people do not respect the clouder salts at all. They don't at all respect the clouder Salt cooperative board Games, Legos and video games. I'm a child. None of those can be your personality. We need some stronger stuff here. I just downloaded tro. Okay, here go. All right TRO point. You get a good one. Oh you could be TRO guy. I already, I have the highest score here I am TRO guy here. You just said I wasn't strong enough of a personality. I didn't realize TRO was that strong. I play TRO when I'm half asleep on the toilet or when the baby won't sleep and I'm trying to get him to sleep.


Well not bored 'cause it's the middle of the night Video games. Yeah. Are not well respected. There's still people to this day we've talked about before that don't respect video game playing as like an actual hobby. They think we should grow up and do something with our lives like woodworking Dude, D and d on every Wednesday. Video games. I'm living the high life. That's what I'm starting to realize. Wade actually is living such a fulfilling beautiful life compared to us who are always searching for the next high. You guys are always looking. I'm here man. You found that Dragon Ball Z got you game six years ago and you stuck with it. I've not played that in like two months. What are your current mobile game obsessions then? Other than I assume tro I'm not really doing much on mobile, I'll be honest with you. It's been computer stuff.


I've been, Wait, I brought this on us. Nevermind. I'm sorry. He's about to say it. He's gonna say it. It's been Diablo four pat of exile Okay. You know, you know a weird one, I've, I've, I've not been playing, but I've been watching and learning, dude, this has helped me go to sleep so quick. But also like I actually am interested is Farm Simulator 25 videos. I remember us playing it and I didn't know what the hell, I was like, don't you ride the, and then it just does stuff. But there's like Cedars, there's harvesters, there's cultivators, weeders when someone Knows what they're doing. Oh, it's impressive. It is really, really satisfying. You know what intrusive thought I have about that is I really like the farm sim games. You know that Logitech makes a full desk mount set up where, you know how they have like racing wheels, right?


Where it's like a steering wheel? Yeah. They have a setup that's a farming simulator three module setup where it's like the center one is like a steering wheel with some buttons and things and then there's like a joystick one for like operating the tools and switching. And then there's another one that's just like a big ass switch panel that's just got like 20 switches on it. And so you could be, you could have your whole like tractor cockpit set up. I, I never would ever buy that. But also every time I see it, especially if it goes on sale, 'cause I get like sale emails and stuff and it's like, hmm, it's on sale usually it costs $350. It's only $300 right now for a game I'll play once a year but I'll play it.


Right. You know. But man that does that, does that look Fun? I'm watching a guy whose name is Syrup play Farm Simulator 25. You watch the eSports stuff. I think I've talked about that way a long time ago on the show. But do you watch the farm simul eSports? 'cause it's a whole league. This, There's a league, It's a whole thing. It's a specific, there's a specific field set up and it's, the point is you harvest a field, you bail it and then you put it into your barn as efficiently impossible. But the you it's, there's a drafting system for the vehicles. So before the route starts, there's like a lineup of all the vehicle options. There's only one of each one. And teams take turn drafting each vehicle strategically. Oh because they have different strengths. And then there's some kind of system where it's like there's bridges where you have to go over the bridge to get from your field to your barn to store your bales.


But you can make your opponent's bridge raise, which means they have to like take the long way around farm sim, eSports hot stuff. The one I'm watching, this dude's doing like a rags to riches thing where he started with a hundred thousand and he can only use his own equipment, no land, nothing at the start. He'll kind of do like little musical speed ups for some of like the weeding and harvesting and dude, I'm interested, he is playing, he is like talking about his strategy, what he is gonna be buying, how he's spending his money. And then like he'll do the like time lapse of like doing the fields. I go to sleep like a baby. It's like I'm riding that tractor. It's been the cure for my lack of sleep. And then I wake up all sad 'cause like the last few minutes of the video where he is like doing more stuff like, oh I gotta rewatch that tomorrow 'cause I slept Through it.


That is good stuff. But that's not failing. You're just winning too hard. What Can I say man? All I do is win, win win no matter what. All right, well speaking of winning, we are coming to the close of this episode and I don't know if we've really done a full recap of what this year has been, but I will say it's been fun for all the ups and downs and all that we've done and all the random obsessions we've had. I think this, this podcast is better than ever and I'm very proud of it. I am surprised this podcast is still fun. Not in like a pessimistic way of like, oh, I knew it would suck eventually, but like we have been doing it for a long time and we've been doing two episodes a week now for quite a long time. All almost like a year and a half, almost two years.


I thought it would get harder. And it is a lot of time. We have to record it quite a bit to get two out a week. It's still fun though. We still have fun doing it. I am surprised about that. It's a good thing, but it's surprising. Yeah. Who knows what next year's gonna have. I hope if, just to touch on resolutions, I do want to get back into Korean learning. If iron lung isn't out next year, No, no, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take the entire movie, put it on a hard drive and I'm gonna launch it from a catapult or trebuchet and I'm gonna shoot it with a cannon and I'll do that repeatedly until I hit it. Midair. That'd be Fun. That'd be fun. Yeah. Then no one will ever get to experience what It's Just be one private little thing just for you and any, anyone who worked on it with you.


But I will close it by saying like, there's some very optimistic things about it actually coming out. So I'm, I'm very happy and I think it's gonna be really cool. Anyway, any final thoughts you guys before I read the score? I think this was also the year that Shakira was on Jimmy Fallon and had a lie detector test taken, which proved her hips don't lie. That's Good. I'll give Shakira a point. Another win. This is about wins, right? You know what, for you it is, but that didn't earn you a lot of points. So I go first I got a cowbell point, but that's it. Shakira got a truth point. Wade, you got points for a cookie refund. Oh, you had to give the cookie back to James. I Denied. I did not give him what he wanted. You got a California point, Bob, before you protest, you also got a California point.


So you both got it at the same time. Why turn water off for the water failure? And then I gave you another point for Bicho, but I did realize that Bob has been playing Bicho Moore. So he got a high score point and I scratched yours out for tro and I guess I just revealed how many points you have versus puff. So I guess It really spoils what's gonna go ahead. No, no. Yeah, sorry about that. Hey, the ERs still have no idea. They have no idea. And then you gotta, you gotta, he's here point, right? And that sounds ominous, but that's because you are already there. You made it this year. You did what you set out to do. You're still doing it because you set out to do it so long ago and you accomplished all your goals and dreams.


You're just coasting now. You're living the life. You're already here. So you get that point. Bob, you got a silent baby point, you got a California point, you got high score for TRO as the resident among us three TRO champion. We will reevaluate that with the New Year. You didn't work out quite enough, your car poser. But also I gave you a woodworking point because I have a feeling you're gonna fail at next Year. No, I'm just kidding, man. No, not like that man. No, I didn't mean that man. Oh, Okay. Well I'm excited to get into that I guess and see where that leads. We Have no faith in Bob Point. No, man. No, it's not like that man. Why even try, Bob? You've already lost the point. Well, you put it like that.


No, Actually you gain the point if you fail, but I'll retroactively take it away next year if you actually succeed. So. Well, I could just say that I failed. I'll just make some bad wood stuff and, and you'll see, May I throw something in here? I don't care if there's points or not. I just got a message like a ping from my d and d group and I was like, I wonder what it is. I don't know what's going on, but there's a conversation. The last sentence is just man porn in the nineties was rough. And I just thought I would share that tidbit of information with you all. I thought you were gonna say they kicked you out. 'cause that would be quite the failure. But no, I mean that sounds accurate. I I gotta be honest, not well versed in nineties porn. All Right, well, sorry to all the fans of nineties porn out there we're shitting on your dreams and your hopes.


This Was the year we called birds the porn guy, which is a nickname that he still can't get away from. Oh, Well that's, that's lovely. That's Fun. We have fun. We do at everyone else's expense. We Sure do. And at everyone else's expense. Bob has won the episode with six points. Yes. That's all it took. I had at least that many. You Had this many, you had four, you would've had five with the TRO point, but even then you wouldn't add enough. So with the commanding two point lead, Bob, you take this with a sweep. All right. Don't celebrate too hard guys. All right. Jesus Christ, why would I celebrate? I Lost. I was celebrating internally. Wade, please fill the, the empty space with your regrets about not winning this episode.


Really thought I crushed it. Really thought that my Ohio earthquake downloading tro talking about more house water toilet issues. I thought there were so many regrets. My health insurance didn't even make the list of my regrets. Oh, I Forgot about that. Yeah, it's crazy. But you know, it's all fair and fun here. The wind was stolen, but that's 2024 In a nutshell, I'm winning everywhere except for on Distractible. That's my regret being here and losing. I'm giving you the health insurance points, but it still doesn't change the outcome. But it's on the record. Boy, I wish I had kept the record of all the napkin with the hot sauce on it is probably still at that Airbnb. They probably framed it. I hope So. Probably found it.


They were cleaning up and they found that and they were like, oh, this would be a piece of history. Would you Be? Yes, one can only hope. Bob, you won. Congratulations. How do you feel? I Feel like I deserved it. I won because it's been such a hard year filled with so many failures that Mark basically threw me a bone because he felt like if I had one more tragic failure in my life, I might just quit the show entirely and go hide in a cave somewhere. So I appreciate that. You were pretty spot on with your assessments there, buddy. I really needed this one. Can't wait for the New Year. You know, I remember, Bob, you did have a New Year's resolution that you failed miserably at. You said that you would not make a loser speech this entire year.


Oh, I, I don't recall making a loser speech. Did you, did you get away with calling it some surreptitious name? No, I'm sure I did. I just don't recall making a loser speech. He's won so many times in a row. Now, according To the thing I lost one episode ago, I lost, but I don't remember what I said. So probably I didn't make Areligious speech. And that goes for the entire rest of the year, as far as I know. Okay, retroactively, everyone, please sign that to be your memory and truth, man. Have I only hosted three times since early November? I've had a rough end of the year, boys. 1, 2, 3 Since November 15th. You hosted two in the first half of November though You can look forward to hosting the first episode of the New Year and kicking us off great.


And and strong with whatever the hell we're gonna be doing next year. Who? You I didn't win Bob, Right? Sorry. No, That's okay. Shut up. Come on, man. Bob, you're gonna kick off the New Year window. No, you, you still have a chance? You still have a chance? The, the next episode's still on like New Year's Eve or something. We, so you can if you win the next one. Wade, you technically, oh, he left. Oh no he didn't. I Thought this was a New Year's episode. That's why I'm made it all about the New Year. It is, but also it is. All right, we'll leave that enigma up to you guys listening and watching at home. Thank you everybody so much for being here for another year. We got another year Distractible coming at you before our tumultuous explosive ending with which we will all walk away and never see each other again.


And then we will be replaced by three other younger versions of ourselves who will take on the podcast from here on Out, just like every previous Seer. Thank you. Go check out Wade and Bob. Lord Manion. 7, 7 7 and Myr. Thank you podcast out.