
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny Drinks Root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug Root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Baneful Bob is be spectacle. No more bashes, Brits and Potter and invokes the pin pole vault problem. Morro Mark OGs cat, immaculate Acrobats destroys Delta and Scouts for his harim wayside. Wade Hankers for Achi, but Dodges are crunchy and warns of flying too close to the sun from nourishing Nevada to Unes Honors. He, it's time for On Success. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello everyone and welcome back to your second cousin Twice removes favorite podcast. This is Distractible. I'm your host because I just can't stop winning. I'd be like, I've been hosting a lot lately and it's because I have, because I literally win every time I compete. It's in my bones. I can't stop. I'm joined as usual by my two competitors for today's episode. Mark and Wade. Hi. Hey. Anyway, mark and Wade are gonna be competing 'cause the winner of this episode hosts the next one. That's how it works. That's why I'm hosting this one winner in my bones. How you been? Pretty good. I'm finally in Ohio again and I feel like I've been gone most of the last month, but I'm finally home for more than five minutes. And. it feels good.


Why are you leaving so much? Yeah, why are you leaving so much? What do you hate home? We surprised our friends in Virginia and then Molly had a family reunion in the sodas. So we went up there in The sodas. Isn't it just one soda? Yeah, that's Really big. so I divided it into several smaller sodas. Kinda like Mars root beers. Really? I thought it was a mini soda. You'd think that, but when you're there, boy is it? It's a chunk of soda. Like Ohio I think is a relatively good sized state compared to like the Northeast, I guess. Not compared to like the Western states, but, and Minnesota. It fits right in with your Nebraska's and your big states. Other than maybe Texas and Alaska, Other big states, you know. You know other ones?


Oh Yeah, dude. Like Idaho. Oh, that's a big state Name. Every state in order of size. Oh, Already don't know which one's first. Well, The smallest is Luxembourg. I know that one. Oh, actually the Vatican. Vatican City. That's the smallest one. Washington DC. Oh man, he lost It's not state. Which one's bigger? Texas or Alaska? Is Alaska bigger? I think it's Alaska. I think Alaska's bigger by land. Yeah. So Alaska, Texas, California. I don't actually know. California's tough 'cause it's such a weird shape. Is it bigger than Texas or is it No, no, it's, it's large but I don't think it's bigger. It might be the third biggest, but I can't imagine other states being as big as California other than the ones, the two that Are Alaska is twice the size of Texas.


Well, but it's all just moose and snow. 586,000 square miles compared to 261,000. Hey, I was right next though. I got California then Montana. Hey, I would, I would not have gone New Mexico number five though. Oh, New Mexico is enormous. Arizona, Nevada, and Colorado. Round out the top. This guy said Nevada. Fake. Nevada fan. Nde. It's pronounced Avida Live in Neveda. Okay. Is that correct? Is it Nevada? Yeah. If you, if you ask the residents of Nevada how it's pronounced, it's Nevada, not Nevada. We're too far west to have a good education system. So they're just wrong. They're only beaten by California as far as that goes.


Why are we slinging rocks? What happened? What show is this? I Don't know. 'cause it's Nevada. What are You British? I might be Nevada. Nevada. Ah shit. How many times that joke has been made or is there some kind of stick shaped thing in a casino? Like the pole handle on a slot machine and someone goes up to it and goes, ha. Nevada. Nevada clunk and gambles Bra probably. Anyway. Wait, the only reason I would say they get to pick is because they live there and we don't. So it's a marginal, I don't know if you've seen this going around the internet mark, but it's finally come to everyone's attention that everything is Ohio and always has been.


It's pronounced o he. Oh shit. Have I been getting that wrong too? Dude, that would be such a power move. Any, anytime you're anywhere outside of Ohio. Actually, Ohioans. Oh that would kind of undercut that, wouldn't it? Oh, Ohioans pronounce it. Oh, he OI remember that part of Wizard of Oz where they're stomping around Ohio. I was thinking Wreck Ralph with the Oreos. 'cause they're in the candy kingdom. Is this a mug root beer episode? What a question. Editors add in liquid, make a liquid simulation and pour it in my mouth. Just every time he goes to take a sip, it just sprays all over him. Lemme, lemme go get something. I'll be right back. No handshake deals. I'll Take my headset off so I can't hear nothing. All handshake deal myself.


I'm not above that All. right. Fair enough. All right? What was that? Oh, he can't hear you. What was that? What was that? I, oh I, what's up? I was just singing our national song. You know Ohio's national song? You mean Ohio? Yeah, Called Ohio. The song is Okay, I'll be right back. Yeah, No deals. Hey actually look, listen, we don't have to, oh okay, hang on. Okay. It's the next one. After this current episode. I almost got hand shook. I wasn't listening. I didn't hear none of that. Bob, you wanna do a deal?


Alright. Yeah, mark Mark's gone. Let's make a handshake. Deal editors. Peace Mark out, fade him out. Oh No. Anyway, mark, how are you? I am good. Progress is finally being made with the server room. Everything else is good-ish. There's a master plan being cooked up that I can't talk about yet. But when that gets into operation, all of those who doubted me will pay. You're gonna combine lenses and server farms into one monster. Yeah, it's called a movie. Oh God. Gonna have a lens rental server. Farm film set camera company.


That's not a lot of small talk. You guys all done? You all go emptied out already? I haven't. I don't know. There's really nothing else that's been going on that I could talk about. Everything else is just drab. I saw Deadpool Wolverine and boy oh boy. Was that actually great? I really, really enjoyed that. I wanna go see it again very badly. See it again. I Wanna spoil anything. But it's one of those movies that I saw and I was like, again, again, again. And Molly's like, no, not today. Oh, Okay. Oh no thanks. Is that a, is that a normal thing to do? See a movie in theaters multiple times? I've only Done it on very rare occasions and oddly enough, one of them was cats. He had a cameo, a secret cameo. Couldn't Get enough. James Cordon. You Didn't see the cat in the back with his eyes just go meow.


You. You watch it once and then it's so captivating bad that you have to bring someone else along to experience how bad it was. I've been there man. And so I was not the one who was originating this chain. It was actually Ethan who kept bringing more people. And then I said I would go along to see other people's reactions to it 'cause it was funny. But they would all get really high before going into it. And so me being the stone cold Turkey, not fun haver that I am, you know, I just, I experienced cats raw, you know, just like the pure, unadulterated, unfiltered experience. Which I think is the truest, I feel like it's plenty weird for you to enjoy it without being high.


I don't think that is necessary at all. I've only seen it on at home 'cause it's, it's, I watched it on streamers, but I guess that makes sense. I would, I've never done that. I don't think I've ever seen a movie theater in theaters twice. I don't know that I would do that. I've never seen a movie high. But I have seen a movie in theaters multiple times. In fact, let's start, when I was young, when Aladdin first came out, the animated Aladdin first movie. I think I made my parents take me like two or three times in the first week. And I think we saw it back to Back and they agreed to this. I think as a kid who found a way to be entertained and allowed my parents to have two hours of peace, they were like, you know what? Fuck it. Yeah. What'd they just ditch you in the theater and go have a drink somewhere or something like, No, I think they watched it, but I think it was one of those things where it's like we're either gonna watch the same movie on repeat at home or we could do it here where he is at least like sitting in quiet.


Damn, they never said that. But like as an adult who sees the way kids be sometimes I'm like, you know, I could see it. I Mean it happened more prevalently back before every movie was on streaming immediately. So usually if I have seen a movie, even like the first Dune, I saw it in theaters and I was like, that was great. And then I saw it at home the second time just 'cause I wanted to hear people go and it's like my sound system is nowhere near as good. But still it was, Oh, end game in theaters. Man. I think I saw that three times in theaters. The sound in that just booming around you Man. I saw Oppenheimer, which you know has great sound design and great music and really sound balance, but I saw it in the shittiest theater you've ever experienced.


Like the projector they had was the one that they use for ads in other movies before the actual movie projector kicks on. But these multiple projectors, Yes they do. Have you ever noticed that the ads are often a much lower quality than the actual movie itself? Yeah. I thought that was just to make the movie look Better. No, it's because they have a cheaper projector where they run the ads so they don't get any burning or anything and they have time to like prepare the good one so that the movie looks perfect. Never knew that. That's cool. We almost own a movie theater and you don't even know how this works. This Guy Mark, it's good that that didn't happen. You and I should talk after Wade's gone. Yeah. Yeah. I would love that. Wade, can you step outta the room? I could, but you're asking a lazy man to do something. It's unlikely to happen. This is why we didn't go in on that movie theater.


Yeah, that's, I'm just looking smarter and smarter every day that we didn't do that. I Can't wait to see what you two do after the podcast when I'm cut out, We gonna have a movie fit or render Farm lens museum and you are not gonna be invited. That's fine. I'll be here in this chair still. You're gonna die in that chair. There's a chance I do spend a good portion of my life in it. You never know. I mean, Elvis died on a toilet. I could die in a gaming chair. Not saying I'm like Elvis, but like You're saying that Elvis's video games was poops. Yeah. Got It. I love hibachi. Hibachi good. Hibachi Great. Have you had hibachi in the last since we Were, we had it in, well not here. We had it in Minnesota. Oh God, you had Minnesota Bachi. Yeah, so the hibachi around here is also very good.


But the one in Minnesota, they also like give noodles. Like you can order noodles at the one here, but like, I don't know what they do to the noodles every, they give 'em to you with the meal and they just taste like the best noodles ever. They're so good. And I just, I love hibachi. I love food man. I'm a food guy. I feel like that's a consistent theme with you. You do love food. Which is funny because we also give you a lot of shit for being a picky eater because you really don't love some food. I really hate some food, but the food I love, I love I respect that. No, I don't. I'm definitely gonna make fun of you sometime soon for being a picky eater. It's gonna come back. You're gonna hate Korea. You're gonna Hate Korea. I will die of starvation. Well I, I think that when we do go, which I don't know when that will be, but eventually it'll happen.


There are many good like fusion restaurants that have like lots of varieties of fried chicken, American style foods with just like a little bit of pizazz on them. They have some incredible grilled cheese sandwiches that are like super deluxe grilled cheese with mac and cheese inside of them and like little ham bits. I think you'd like some of that stuff. So, but that's not Korean food. We are also gonna go out into the countryside and get some authentic Hell yeah, I have plans that day. But like I hope you guys have a good time. Lemme know how it was, you got Plan, you got other plans in Korea, you wake up and you just get picked up by a mysterious vehicle. Like I'll see you guys tomorrow. Yeah, I got a lot of friends and family out there to visit while we're in town. Okay. Like Jimbo Jimbo.


Yeah, Jim Bow. That's probably a Korean name. Yeah. Oh, you mean Jimbo? Yeah, yeah, Sure, sure. I see. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I meant. Of course. And then Timbo. Oh Timbo and Chris Bow. Chris All. right. Getting a little racist. Getting a little racist. All. right. Keep going. I don't know. You went along with Bo so I was just adding it to everything. Tanya, Tanya, Tanya, Bo. Hey, you just said Tanya. She goes by one name. She's like Cher. That's it. I don't have that many people out there. What do you think? I Didn't know you had that many Korean friends and family out there. I don't know if they are, they're just, they're just around sometimes. so I might run into 'em.


They wander, they're NPCs. They just make loops throughout the day. So if the paths cross, you know. Yeah, Every Monday Tanya passes through. So I'm gonna see if she gets there on a Monday then you know they, they have their set schedules. I Don't know why you're so afraid of Korean food. Korean food is fantastic. I think a lot of food's fantastic. I'm just a picky eater. Usually it's texture. Korean food is not like only raw or I mean I'm sure that there are some things that American, our American taste would be like, oh that's kind of weird. But it's in large part fantastic. And it's mostly like delicious fried chicken, delicious seafood, delicious. Like it's not like way out there. Some other cuisines in the world would be like, I would get Why that's weird for you Is chicken and dumplings Korean?


'cause that was really good when we had that. No. Was the kimchi Korean? Yes. Do they have quaker steak in lube in Korea? Dude, I drove by there recently and I was like, I put my hand on the window and was just like, I miss you. I'll remember you. Okay. Usually, usually you say that to, you know, someone that has left or passed away or something like that. I Just missed it. It's there. It's fine. It's open. Could probably go right now actually. But Yeah, you haven't seen me or Bob in a while. He was like, oh, I'll Remember you. That would be really kind If you guys were food, I would say that a lot about you. But yeah, kimchi, we ate that and that didn't, that wasn't my favorite.


Okay. That's a little spicy. You should try, you should try the kimchi radishes. Kimchi dicon. Yeah, it's like sweeter and crunchier. And. it ballasts out the spice a lot more. I bet you'd like it Crunch. I have a hard relationship with crunch. Unless it's like a potato chip. You Ate all kinds of crunchy shit. What does that even mean? You mostly eat crunchy stuff. Do I? What you like? Like chicken wings. Anything that's deep fried. You like fried cat, you love crunchy stuff. I don't know. I, I gotta give another shot with kimchi. But that wasn't, I I was, I was struggling to get that down. Kimchi Equate that to like sauerkraut a little bit. It's different for a lot of people. Some people like it right away. Some people like sauerkraut right away. I don't like sauerkraut. I love kimchi.


And they're not similar. Similar 'cause it's a lot more, a lot more vinegar in in sauerkraut and actual sourness. You Know what I liked the chicken, the dumps and the broth. Good episode. Bob. Who won? Well we haven't gotten there yet Man. We're doing this all out of order. Look, I do have a topic and I wanna talk about this And. it was spurred on by a very specific thing that my wife showed to me. It was a, it was like a TikTok video. It was like a video on the internet that went around Today. I wanna talk about success and how we define success. I wanna get into it, but I wanna start it with an anecdote. And actually this is a true life story. Have you guys seen the pole vaulter at the Olympics? Who lost because this huge dick caught the pole and knocked it off.


I did see this. Yes I did. I Heard about that. I did not see that We were watching some of it, but I I did not see that one. I heard about It. It's, it's sad for that individual. But it's a very funny clip because it's, it seems like a good pole vault. He does the thing goes up and in Slowmo close up of, 'cause they're always like, whoa, do they brush the bar? Literally he's about to pass it and from the front of his pants it's just like, and hooks the bar. It's like it grabbed that thing and it's, look, he didn't get his Olympic glory maybe that he was hoping for. He didn't succeed on this thing that he'd spent so many hours training for and looking forward to.


But did he still succeed? He's gonna have a line of people ready to learn pole vaulting from him. You know what? Probably, but anyway, the Olympics have been going on. It's been making me think about it a lot. 'cause there's the other story is the, and this is a spoiler but it's from a long time ago when you're watching this now, the US men's gymnastics, they got bronze, right? They did get a medal, they got bronze. You would think they fucking won the intergalactic universal gymnastics championship. And that the guy, the nerdy glasses, Clark Kent fellow who did the pommel horse routine also learned how to fly with the power of mind levitation. And it's because they like, they, you know, they reached their maximum potential.


They weren't ever really likely to get gold or silver because the other teams were just better than them And had, and this is, they know going in where they stand kind of. But they celebrated like they did the best thing they could have possibly imagined. And they kind of did. I mean it's hard. Like it's rude to be like, oh you only got a Bronze Olympic medal. Of course that's a success. But they celebrated more than all the rest of the teams did at all. Those guys were fucking living it up. So clearly they had an idea of what their success was. And I just kind of wanna talk about this. Who got gold and silver? Do you remember? Who cares? Well I'm just thinking like, maybe it's just a cultural thing. Remember when we were in Europe and like people were a lot more reserved during our shows, but maybe they don't celebrate like wild animals like we do in the us No, they do.


They do. Like Detroit, you would think we were at a rave the way like fans of Detroit were like during the show they were just going nuts. Then we went to like Belgium and everyone was just very calm and like quiet and respectful. Very different vibes. Compare directly to the US women's gymnastics team who in the, in the team all around absolutely killed it and decimated their competition and they got the gold and they were kinda like, oh thank God. Well they go to the bathroom and they just shit gold medals man. They are, they are crazy good. They, yeah, they do shit excellence. But it's, yeah, I mean it just, it depends right? That's Part of the reason why the men's team was so celebrated is because they've long been overshadowed by the women's team. Not even overshadowed but it's like all attention was on the female side, which is a similar kind of situation where you got the NBA and then you have the WNBA.


And with this season of the WNBA, you got Kaitlyn Clark who brings some star power. And I think that's what this American team did this time around. You had glasses. Poel horse guy who's who only does pommel horse Wade. Did you see all that? Yeah. Do you know that story Wade? I did. I watched the, I watched his pommel horse routine also. Mark that was the most sport correct stuff I've ever heard come out out of your mouth. And he's not a sports podcast. He knows things. I have A sports podcast after two years. Some of it does rub off on me. That was so just good. I'm just so proud of you. You should celebrate like the men's gymnastics team you just placed, you got a medal for that. Yeah. Make me explode. So The new success that they found is actually that was the first bronze I think they've ever had.


That's the first time they meddled. I think they may have meddled individually before like one person. But I think as a team all around it was difficult for them to ever compete. And what's funny is like, I hadn't even paid attention to the men's men's events before this. But when I was looking at 'em I was like, that was perfect. They won gold, right? And. it turns out they won Braun because every single performance they had was immaculate it, it was beautiful. Like everything was, but then I went like holy shit, how good are the people that did gold and silver? And then I go watch them and I'm like, oh I see. Oh wow. Yeah. But more attention to it. so I think they're very successful. I think Incredibly successful. Yeah, we watched some of the swimming. The swimming was ridiculous. We watched some of Simone Biles routines. She is obscenely good at everything.


I mean everyone was, I don't know that I watched it. I was like, oh, pommel horse though. That was pretty insane to watch. 'cause it like the whole time there is not much room for error. Every movement is like, oh, unless you have a big dick I guess. And then there's no room for error. But Dude, imagine having such a big dick that you couldn't pom a horse. It gets tangled up in the two bars. You know, You could pom a ball but you couldn't horse. Actually a trick named after me where you use your third arm and you do a 360 with both of your hands up in the air. That would be incredible. Oh well


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited talking text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply seem Mint Mobile for details.


But anyway, that's one context. Obviously the Olympics is a thing where these people work in some cases their entire life leading up to that. And that's a, you know, that's very lofty goal to even get to the Olympics. But life is filled with all kinds of successes. And I'm curious, I was gonna do this in a more organized way, but the theme of this episode seems to be complete chaos. So let's talk about it like this. I would like you guys to try and pick a success that you've had in the last, what's a short amount of time? Hour, six hours, five minutes. I don't know what we're gonna go shorter to longer stretches of time. And I want to just talk about like what does success look like in different scales? So let's say in the last, let's since you woke up today.


Hmm. So in the last, I dunno, couple hours for wait the last 20 minutes. What's a, what's a success that you had in that timeframe? I have one. It feels very lame. I've got one. Go ahead sir. I was getting ready and the dogs were both in bed with me 'cause Molly was doing some chores and stuff. So she put the dogs in bed and they needed to go outside. And as I was taking them out, the cat ran out with us and I was like, I might be a little bit late 'cause Ke is out here, I gotta get him back inside. And the dogs went out, they pottied did what they were supposed to do, started going back to the door and I was like, let's throw a hail Mary heaters, let's go inside. And he was like, yeah, okay. And just trotted along and went inside with us. And I was like, dude, listen to me. That's Beautiful.


Is that thing you've been working on, can we try to train heaters to listen better or is it just He Listens sometimes, but like with Molly it's like almost a guarantee. If she's like, heaters come on, he'll just go running. If I do it, like sometimes he'll just stare at me like, yeah, fat chance. Sometimes he'll go along and he is like, I'm not doing this 'cause you said so I'm just doing it 'cause I want to, which might have been this case, but like lined up. I needed it. It was a bit of a time crunch. And, it worked out. It was like a moment Quality success. My success is that my world domination plans are finally moving forward. You know, thinking about it, it was really inconvenient when everyone showed up here at 8:00 AM Exactly. And usually I like to take my mornings a bit slower, but it was, you know, it was a kick in the ass and everyone was here and I, I was, things are getting done and they'll be done relatively quickly.


And I think that that is a big win because I've been trying to get this to, to be underway for quite some time now. And it's finally here. So that's, that's big. That's a big win. I think that's a huge win. You had Another one in my eyes, man. Your sports talk just a minute ago, that was like the biggest sports w I've ever encountered with you. Mark drops hot sports ws all the time. Now From what I've seen of the show, you seemed like you hadn't learned a lot, but now it's like something finally clicked. This is meant to be a compliment. It sounds very backhanded, but like It does sound pretty negative. Yeah man, I, I dunno how to take this one man. No, No, it's, you did very well today. I'm very proud of you. I Said two sentences if that's what it takes to impress you. I I, I could, I'll, I'll keep that in mind next time you're hosting The Pommel is low and you're swinging with big dick energy right now.


Just be careful, don't fly too close to the bar. Dickus dick. There was another guy that set a world record in the pole vault, but no one cares about him. How big is his penis? That's what I wanna know. Dead. Tiny dick. Tiny, tiny, itty bitty. Could You even see it while he was pole vaulting? No, Couldn't at all. Such a sad, It's the only reason he got over. He just passed over the bar. And it went over his cro. He was just, just empty air. Nothing is the, That sound emanating from his crotch every time he goes over the bar, just like, Oh, You jump so high. Oh yeah, that's, that's success. That's A good success. Let's stretch it out. Let's, let's, let's reach further into the past.


I was just thinking about how hard it would be or if it would hurt to hit your dick on a metal bar while swinging around like that and you're like, let's stretch it out. And it just like, I cringed a little bit. I was like, no, don't do that anyway. Continue. Can't compete in the Olympics with us stretching out beforehand. Let's reach 24 hours into the past. I don't know if that's far enough. Mark Mark's success was very the world domination. Oh, I didn't say mine. I'll, I'll, I'll participate. Mine was, I got my contacts in this morning and that is embarrassing. But also something is wrong with my left eye man. I get my right eye in this. Oh, also I'm wearing contacts. I didn't even address that at all. This is the first time you're gonna, anyone in the world's gonna see me online without glasses on ever. I've, I wore contacts in high school. I've exclusively worn glasses the entire time I've ever been on video on the internet.


No one has ever seen me without glasses in this context. Probably. That's crazy. But there Are also days where like, one eye's harder than the other. Like there are days where one of my eyes, my eyes fight. Me too. You might have just had an off day where one of your eyes was like, nah, fuck this. Well it was like that yesterday. And today it was the same experience where it was like I kept hitting either the top eyelash or the bottom eyelash. But I, after literally dropping my contact on the floor, picking it up and there was like comical like twirly hairs on it and stuff and having to get the solution and clean it really good and doing, I got my contacts in, try Putting 'em in the opposite order tomorrow. That's what I did yesterday. Because maybe you have like a different dominant eye. 'cause I've gotta do, I think I'm left Eye dominant. I have to do my right Eye first.


I'm left eye dominant. And I, I mean I've only done it twice so it's not like I've tried it a lot of ways. But I tried left eye first yesterday 'cause I was like, then I'll be able to see I did right eye first today. But I got 'em in, I persevered and that's what's important. Okay, so let's reach back 24 hours kind of success this weekend. Tell me your wins guys. I made an incredible steak. Ooh, yesterday. Yeah, I like that. I heated, I head, head up a pan Heated, no head up, head up, head up, Head up up. I head up a pan and I got, I had a, I had one of those lazer thermometers 'cause I was gonna sear it, right? so I wanted to sear it really well and there's a way to make it with butter and rosemary and I didn't want to go through all that because then you gotta turn the temperature down and just like baste it forever.


So it's really annoying 'cause you'll Scorch the shit outta that butter real fast. What I did was I seared it, I plopped it in and then followed up immediately with butter because I didn't want the butter to start burning in there beforehand. so I wanted the butter like in afterwards. And I, I wanted it to sear really hard. so I put the butter in there and I just dumped a whole bunch of rosemary garlic, like pre-mix seasoning on the butter. And I was like, maybe this will work. And I just started like sloshing the butter around it. It was stuck to the pan. so I was like, slosh slosh, flip it over. It's like, ooh. It's like perfectly brown. I'm like, Ooh, I've never seen that before. You know that, that like caramelized layer of brown and it's like, whoa. Yeah. And so I it flops over into the butter and the rosemary and then like I get that side seared and then I sear the edges and then I, I let it sit in the pot and like as as or in the pan as it's cooling down.


And I just started flipping it every once in a while to like let it rest in the pan And. it would, the heat would continue through the things. Hopefully cook in the middle. I just flipped it a few times. And, it was just like, it's a shitty steak. And I, I cooked it real quick 'cause I was just hungry. And then I got into it And. it was supposed to incre. It was like the best perfect medium rare and a great cus I, I could taste like the rosemary all the way through it. I was like holy crap, I did it. I, when I cook steak, I put it in the air fryer usually. And I just let that bad boy sit. That Is a decent way to get a decent steak. It's Perfectly fine. Not gonna make a great thing. It can't soak in anything. It can't like absorb any juices or anything like that. It kind of drips through. This is a f first time I was successfully pan seared a steak And.


it was turned out well. Did you set like the smoke alarm off or anything? Or was it all No, no. Not even the smoke alarm. No, I, I didn't burn anything. That's Wild. As a person who cooks a lot and who's tried to do lots of fancy shit to varying levels of absolute failure and or soaring success on a couple occasions, that's very exciting. I like that a lot because I've, at restaurants I've had food where you eat it and you're just like, wow. Oh, how did they do that? Oh man, imagine if I could do that at home and I could. I was a trained chef. But when you get that, when you get it at home and you take a bite and you're like, oh I would've paid for this. Oh that's so good. That's so satisfying. Yeah, it really is. That's a two point success. I'm gonna quantify your success Mark.


Holy shit. That's a double success. 'cause you made it and you ate it. You would've already won the episode if it was me. Mark. I love food. Food successes. What about you Wade? I've got a relatively boring thing I guess 'cause I don't, I don't, I didn't really get to do a lot yesterday. 'cause yesterday I was traveling home. So it was my traveling. We successfully got home. And let me tell you that right now, that is an accomplishment because the CrowdStrike stuff is still affecting, i, I don't know if it's all airlines, but at least Delta. Delta got hit hard and man, every flight we've tried to do has been delayed. They'd lost our bags when we were coming back for Virginia, thank, we didn't lose our bags. We got all of our stuff packed up. We made it to the airport on time. And all of Minnesota, I mean all of Minnesota is under construction.


Their airport, their roads, their grass, everything. There's just construction things everywhere. Half the exits are closed. So trying to get to the airport alone was kind of like a zoo. We got there, got to the airport, which again is under construction, half of their terminals you have to like, so we had to like print off the tags for our bags to check in. Half of those terminals are out. So there's a long line for that. A whole ordeal. We got to the, the gate, we sat down, we're like All, right? Well this one's on time. And I swear to you, 10 minutes later we looked over and it's like, wait, that time's like 15 minutes later now. Oh no. So then began the delays, which thankfully only went like an hour I think maybe not even a full hour, but there were like five delays ultimately led to like an hour delay.


It was fine. But we got on the plane, we got to our seat, they, we actually had the monitors on this flight and they were working, which they weren't working on the way there, but they were working on the way home. Ooh. I love when that happens. That's when you get in and you're like, ah, it's a good plane, Good plane. Monitors worked. We landed, we got our bags, we got to get our dogs on time, we got to get home. We just relaxed for a bit. It was a successful travel day despite like it looking a little bit bleak at the start. Yeah, That's a good one. Hey you said you set that up like it must be really boring but traveling. So the three of us have traveled a Lot. That's why it's boring to me I guess 'cause we have traveled a Lot. But even when you're very, a very seasoned traveler, when you just finally are like, okay, everything worked, even if there's a delay or whatever.


When you finally, like you have your bag on the other end and you're in your car and you're like, okay, let's just drive home or done. That's very satisfying. That is a success. A success. Because sometimes shit is awful. And you get stuck in Boston for three days on the way home from two weeks in Europe and man, was that not my favorite thing that's ever happened to me? I can't believe there's any company that isn't going to sue CrowdStrike. How is CrowdStrike gonna survive after this? They, I'm not, I'm very interested in like the YouTube documentaries that are gonna come out about the aftermath of the CrowdStrike thing. Because holy shit Cincinnati's airport still like two weeks later they still have like, well now they've got fewer bags that are there.


It was just a bag graveyard. Now they've got like one lined off area with actually somebody supervising it where there's still unclaimed bags. But like this was, what was it like July 19th? This is like two, which isn't a terribly long time, but two weeks of still being behind means two weeks of travel delays, cancellations, problems. And this is just one specific airline at one location. I'm seeing you're talking like a global thing in many different companies. I don't Know. I know that Delta was gonna sue them for like $500 million and obviously that's a big number so that they can go to court and get it, you know, something in between. But even so that's just one company that was affected. And they might be the, the biggest lawsuit, but it's like, my god, that was, that was so much more widespread than anyone knows because it didn't really affect anyone besides big businesses.


Except for you Wade, it it affected you personally. Yeah, well and the, the airlines won is so out front because flight's delayed, flight's canceled. This is like all the news, we're talking about it. But CrowdStrike is a big, like lots of companies who were never gonna hear about what happened internally. Use it in the exact same way. Right. It's like a, they're like a sec cybersecurity software or something. I don't even know. But like lots of companies use that exact software that bricked all those computers. I can't imagine they're gonna survive. What the hell, Dude? I felt like the matrix, the way we were dodging stuff, like it affected us. But like there were people that just spent days sleeping at an airport or they got sent to the wrong city. 'cause like they were thinking they could get a layover somewhere, like bags that were just missing for a long time.


I had one bag not make it for like 12, 15 hours and we had a, we had a six hour delay. Oh, I didn't gonna tell you this. We had a six hour delay on the way to Minnesota. We got to the airport knowing it was already delayed by like an hour and then they delayed it like 10 more times. And the last delay was because I don't know how, they didn't know this ahead of time, but they were like, oh, we don't have a flight crew. They had to clock out. So you guys have another two hour delay two hours ago. You didn't know you wouldn't have a flight crew. Like you knew this was the time. I'm sure that they knew that was gonna happen. Yeah, like that feels like the kind of thing that you would know. Well They, there's aren't they union like flight crews and all that? Like are there, I Get that they like, have they have certain out I'm not, I'm not mad at them for having to clock out.


No. Yeah, it's more so the fact that they didn't know that we were 30 minutes from home for six hours at the airport when we were like, we could have just come back. We could have just not like, man these, it was inconvenient. But like there were people a lot worse off than us that got stuck with no hotel, no nothing. Sleeping on airport floors. Their bags in Guatemala while they're trying to go to Britain. Who knows? Like there were people that were Wow, who's going from Guatemala to Britain? That's really a fool's flight there. It's on them. Tanya. She's well traveled. Tanya Bo are you talking about Tanya Bo? Yeah. Tanya Yabo. Your favorite card game is Skip bo Mark. You remember when you got stuck in Washington DC 'cause of computers and airlines.


I was gonna bring that up. There's a video that on my channel that people can find. It was like, what was it called? Like we care so much. Something Like the Delta Cares or Oh, It's called I want to go home. And then it is just you with a big paper Dealt on your Face. You got colored pencils, drew on a white piece of paper, your best approximation of the Delta logo. And then we poked my glasses through it and scratched it on really My face. It's really funny. Look, it's, well, it, it comes across really well. I don't know why, but it's quite compelling. Terrifying actually. What, what, yeah, wasn't that, didn't I just like have a belt and I was snapping a belt standing over you to like, we care about our customers or something.


Yeah, Yeah. It was like, come here, we care. Get over here. We care so much. It's, it's, it's quite terrifying actually. Delta's great until things go wrong and then they seem like they absolutely have no idea what to, I guess the other airlines are, that sounds gonna sound really biased. Other airlines have had more problems for us historically. So maybe they're more used to dealing with catastrophe when something goes wrong with dealt with Delta. It just seems like they are a fish outta water. Yeah. Which sucks because I, I quite enjoy, I quite enjoy Delta. I got, I got my Diamond. Yeah, that's unfortunate. You got your Diamond play Delta button? Yes. Yes I do. That Sounds like a thing. I got a silver Delta button. Alright. Anyway, good successes.


I like those. Those are both really good. Now let's reach back further. Was that 24 hours or was that a week already? 24 hours. 24 hours. Okay. A week in the last week. Pick out a success. Oh, I have one on Thursday. I actually did a screening of Iron Lung for some people on my team so that they could know what the hell it is that they're, they're selling out there. Yeah, because a lot of, a lot of my, my, my team and and team is such a nebulous dream. It's like the agency that represents me, right? They call themselves my team, not team apply. But this is just like the, the agency side of it. The connection to the greater, It should get more intimate.


Like your brothers and sisters, your lovers. It should just be your lovers, Your harem. My harem. Okay. So my Harem, I showed, I showed the movie to my Harem. They just, they really, really enjoyed it. Even in its slightly unfinished state. It's evolved a little bit since you guys saw it. 'cause it's like what you guys saw was actually, I won't get into too many details of it, but they saw it and they were like this no Specifically which parts. Oh, well lemme tell you. So they really enjoyed it. They, and they kept going like, wow, you, you actually made a movie. And I was like, ah, yeah, We had our doubts, but man, this is in fact a movie. Thanks your words make me smile and cry. But it's, it is one of those things where it's like, I'm not really showing the, I don't have people that need to see the dailies or anything like that.


So tons of people haven't even seen anything of it besides the, the teasers that I've put out there. And so no one in my harem has really taken note of it or seen any part of it even though I've invited them out. But you know, I get, I get it, whatever. It's fine. I can't wait for the Spotify clip that they're gonna have us like, or they're gonna share with us on socials or it's just you talking about your hair. I'm out of context. I was be like, what the fuck did my hair, I'm really enjoyed Iron Lung. So it was good because these are traditional like, you know, movie people and Hollywood whatevers and you know, I always am like, are they blowing smoke up my ass? Or do they really think it? But I, I think they actually truly enjoyed it. They, they had many good things to say about even like, it's got some last minute things to do.


Still a few things to, to tweak and improve upon it before it's finally ready. But now they're starting to form a plan for getting it out there. And it's, it's very exciting. Before they were like, yeah, you're making a movie. Got it. No, we'll wait on that one. People Will see it. We promise. That's How the conversation goes a lot of the time. It's good to know. They have so much faith in you. It's nice. Must be uplifting. Yeah. Oh It is not really my harem. That's most of the, the, you know, doubt or anything like that. But people outside of my harem, you know, they'll soon be in my harem, but they, they, they'd like, oh, YouTubers making a cute movie. You know? And I, I get it.


When you have, when you look at the things that I've made before, like, like in space, it's a great story that's being told across a lot of different things into different media. But from a movie perspective, it doesn't traditionally look like a movie would because, you know, it's, it's more, I'm more like an episodic or TV series or something like that, that level of stuff. But when I set out to make a movie, I wanted to make a fucking movie. So it's, it looks and plays very much like a movie. Is this like drunk Minecraft where you're taking harem applications? Oh yeah. Wow. That Was a throwback, wouldn't It? I there has to be an extensive harem vetting process. It's not an application. You have to be scouted to be part of my You will be chosen.


That sounds Terrible. I Don't wanna, I Don't wanna do this anymore. Wade, what about your success in the last week? Where's your movie? Huh? I have, I have a series of small victories that added up to us success. So we went to Minnesota, right? so I spent the last week there. so I, that's most of what my topic will be. And I had some goals over there. I was like, you know, there's some certain food places up there I want to go to. 'cause food is what matters to me. That a family reunion, food is the most important. Seeing family was fine. You know, all my family watching Molly's family watching from Minnesota, you guys are fine. But there was some food there I really wanted and I was like, All, right? I want to get they they have a smoothie place. Smoothie King? Nope.


Oh, smoothie Queen Smoothie. Harem Smoothie. Tent of Diamonds. Nope. It's called like Blender Brothers or something. What the fuck is it called? Smoothie Brothers. Macerated Fruit Land Movie Smoothie. Smoothie Movie Smoothie. The movie Smash. The movie The Smoothening. Smooth Brain. Smooth Brain. Sam Berry Blends. We weren't even close. No you weren't. It's called Berry Blends. And they have this smoothie called Caribbean blend, which is simple enough. It's just like pineapple, orange, strawberry, maybe some mangoes, something another their house. It's very simple. Places have something similar, but they just do it better. And the Caribbean blend is just so good. And I was like, gotta have 'em while I'm there. The hibachi place I was mentioning up there with the noodles, I was like, gotta have it while I'm up there.


And then they were talking about like at the, the reunion itself. People were gonna make like pulled pork and they were gonna have like just a whole bunch of whole spread of food. And I was like, man, I'm really excited to eat that. And every food goal I had, I had the food, it hit exactly the way I wanted it to, was just wow. And I was my, I had a very happy mouthful and that series of just like wanting to do different things, And it was, it was more than food too, right? Like we had to spend time with our nieces, we got to go see Molly's family and the Yeah, Yeah, whatever, whatever. Well you're gonna, you know, people you don't know, like you've maybe met once or twice in the last 12 years and it's like, All, right? We're gonna spend a whole day here.


I gotta make like that small talk conversation people. I don't know. Hopefully it goes well. Hopefully it's not just like awkwardly like everyone talking around me and I'm just like, I don't know how to, I don't have anything to relate to you about that went well. Had some good conversations, fun times. We got to go like on one of those, it's not a four wheeler, like a quad, but it's like a off-roading golf cart type deal. 'cause they've got Like this, yeah. What those called it? Side byside? Yeah, side by side. I think that's what it was called. We went riding on one of those plowed through like this almost pond, but it was really just a giant puddle, probably like through a creek over some other stuff Survived that just everything on the trip went as good or better than I'd hoped. It was just a whole bunch of successes starting with the food. Most importantly obviously than everything else.


I'm gonna ignore all the rest of the stuff that wasn't about food that you said, but food sometimes, you know, when you just want that one thing, like from that one restaurant, that one thing, whatever it is, why doesn't, why is it so hard for that to hit correctly? I feel like even a restaurant where it's, I don't think it's the restaurant being inconsistent all the time necessarily. There are some places where they pretty much always make it right and they do it, but it's like, I remember it wrong and then when I eat it, it like doesn't satisfy the itch in the right way or something. You guys get that. It's like heroin, right? It'll never be the same as that first hit or Murder. Yeah, I know when you feel the first drop of warm blood splash across your face, it's ecstasy. But the second time just, you know, it's chasing a high that'll never come back.


I think we can all relate to that. Not This time though, the food exactly how I wanted it to go. We sat down at a hibachi place, man, the noodles, everything hit my plate. I even had to order like a second helping of fried rice because I was like, I just burned through mine so quick and I still had meat and I needed my meat. But They make like a mountain of fried rice. How did you eat it all? Yeah, and a whole shitload of fried rice at those places. I had a lot of meat, you know me with meat and I wanted my meat to rice ratio to be right. So, well You made sure it happened the right way. That's that's true, Man, I'm gonna have to get fried rest today. That sounds pretty good. Good successes, delicious successes. All, right? I had a couple more layers, but I wanna go big. I wanna go real big.


No, not that big. Not like pommel horse guy. Big. Well, I was gonna say the last decade, but honestly that's a long time to try and search back through and think about stuff. And What about last century? I mean we could go that Big last century, my biggest success, I beat all hundred million of my other potential brothers in a race. Those guys suck. I win First. My dad won his relay race, then I won mine. Just nonstop. Number one finishes. Ugh. Incredible. Did We numbed our way right through that egg, right to the center, to the podium. Yum. Now I don't want to eat any of that food you were talking about. Let's talk about your favorite success, not necessarily your great success, but your favorite success of the last five years.


Five Years Specifically. So that's, that has a while, that's a lot to think through. I've already got it actually very specifically. Five years. Oh yeah. And not that one. No, you can talk about that. That's okay. I have a, I think I know what you're gonna say though. I don't think so I, I think this is one that I, I don't think I talk about this very publicly, very often. 2019, if I remember correctly, 2019 was the year of the YouTube apocalypse. I think that was the year that like the YouTube ad revenue dropped majorly. I think it was 2018, but it affected 2019, I'm pretty sure. I think it was either late 2018 or early 2019. Molly and I got married in 2018. So after the wedding, we had the wedding bill at the time, believe it or not, I owned a car.


We had moved into our previous house in 2018. so I paid those things off. I was like, you know what, I'm gonna pay this stuff off, get outta debt. I just, I'm tired of being in debt. Let's just pay off these things. And I paid off my student loans from college, which was like eight years old at that point. And I was just so I, I paid off a lot of debt. And then the YouTube apocalypse hit in 2019. Boy, oh boy, there was a point in 2019 where I had a savings account, my personal checking account and my business checking account. And I had $12 between those three accounts. Gotta consolidate that. And I remember getting paid by, I think it was like Google's AdSense, whatever the hell it was. I got paid and then Dana, who's been editing for me for almost 10 years, she and I got paid immediately and then I had no money in the business.


so I immediately put the money I got paid back. so I was like, I gotta make sure Dana can get paid next month. But all of 2019 was such a financial struggle of like, I've gotta pay myself, I've gotta make sure Molly and I can do this and that I gotta pay an editor. And we are making no money. And, it was so stressful. It was the most financially scary time of my life. Like we've, I've struggled growing up financially before, like my family and stuff, but having someone like depending on me for income, just added a whole nother layer of stress to it. So 2019, that was also the year of the Drown Man, where we had all the house issues, just everything that could go wrong that year financially did. But navigating through it and then realizing like, man, I gotta stream on Twitch more.


I gotta do more. I gotta find like some sponsors. I gotta do some stuff outside of, just depending on YouTube revenue, successfully navigating that year and then realizing I need to, like diversify income was the success that came out of it. Because it, it kind of was a very, I don't wanna say humbling experience, because it's not like I was like, oh, we're Never gonna have an Issue again. It was just one of those things where I was like, man, I gotta be smarter about when I pay things off, making sure I keep a certain amount saved here. Try to prepare. Like, what if things do go wrong like that again. What if, you know, YouTube or Twitch, whatever else, what if I'm just done one day? It led to me being a lot more responsible and like talking to people and having a plan in place for stuff like that if it ever happens again. So that struggle was terrible, but it ultimately led to like hopefully a stronger infrastructure now.


That's Pretty good. That's Pretty good. That's Very real Big win. Big ups, Big up. Spank accounts, big ups, beans, you know, the rules. Is That Southern, what was the name? Bevo. That's, that's as British as I could go. For whatever reason that Big Alps governor, big Ups, paps, blue ribbon, You know, the rules in it. Anyway, that was good. My big success of the past five years, I think you guys probably know, is, oh, dishonest. There cannot be anything that, it might be the peak of my career. I have no idea. It, it probably was, the idea was crazy. Very few people at first really understood it, but I had a feeling, you know, me and Ethan, we had a feeling that at the end of it, the idea would be understood.


And that success of like the full year of effort towards that, and then through Covid as well, when that started, that was smack dab in the middle, straight in the middle of the dab of, in unison. And still getting through that and having it work at the end and leaving such an impact on people. And those that got it really got it. And those that didn't, like, didn't. And even now, you know, people show, are you still, It? Doesn't matter. You can't delete anything. But it's like, you can't preserve the feeling of being there. Like that's, that's always been the thing of it. Like you cannot preserve the knowledge and the memory of experiencing it. And of course people that didn't really experience it don't understand it because they weren't there, you know, they, they couldn't get it.


But the feeling when it actually all went down in the final livestream, that's success. That was incredible. Success Dose Honest win. Huh? Dose honest win. Do it again. Ignore the lesson. Do it again. Ignore the lesson. No, it is, I I have GED about Unes honest before I was there. When you clicked the button, when the three of you put your fingers on the track pad and click the button and then waited to see what happened. It's really funny to me now. 'cause there are, there are YouTube accounts and TikTok accounts where people have harvested the content that you guys made and still like repost clips and things. And it, it's out there. People Stealing content. No way. The, even for me, where I watched, I watched, I must have watched almost every single one of those videos.


I was like very invested in it as Unes went on watching them now in the context of like, someone's re-uploading it years later. It's not even close. It feels like you and Ethan were just like, let's make a goofy video. And then it's not dissimilar from like other content, but it, the, the thing you're talking about is like very palpable. If you knew what it was while it was happening and then you see it now and reflect about it, it's very interesting. Yeah. It's, it's something about crossing that threshold together after the journey up to the line is, is what really, really makes all the difference in the world. And that's, that's kind of like the whole thing is like experiencing it while it's here and appreciating it while it's there.


And once it's gone, it won't come back. That was the whole message. And so it was really beautiful that everyone who really participated in it understood it. And that was millions. So it's like that in and of itself is really cool, but the fact that it resonated with people so well really meant a lot. There's one delivery person, he will never forget it. I remember your breakfast, your sex toy breakfast. I think it Was the mailman. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good moment. That was A fantastic moment. Did you close die with Unes? Honest, or you've been using that since then? You close. You close. Oh, I, oh, I don't think I've used it since maybe once or twice. I, I don't, it's been a while, eh, I forgot about that. The one moment where you were doing it in the, I think it was the LEC video or something.


Yeah. Yeah. And then you had done it already and at one point you just looked down and you were like, you close. And from behind the camera Amy's just like, stop. You need to Stop the pure actual disgust of like, it's not funny. Stop. I will kill you. Ah. But in reality it's hilarious. I mean, I always think it's funny and I think about that a lot, but no. Yeah, no, I, it's kind of di I died with it. It was in the moment, you know? Yeah, Yeah. Oh, beautiful. Oh well I don't have any big successes in the last five years. What? Oh, I'm not competing. Fuck. I had a son. He's 20 months old now.


I Can't be It. He's fine. Well, we'll see. I don't know if he is a success yet. Success yet, sort of in progress and he's fine. But it sort of depends how I handle it over the next 17 years of his life. Would It be nice if there's a thermometer for success? You just be like, is this working? And he is a little bit more time. Just Stick it in your baby. Like, eh, is this working? are you success yet? Talk to me when you're a success anyway. Are there any that you guys would like to talk about that are outside of the bounds of Woo? Or, or, and during this episode, did you have any successes you wanna talk about anything else? There was one time where I successfully confused a lot of people with the most nonsense video I could ever make. Do you guys remember me making a short video called Congratulations?


No. Wait, what is this? So I made a video and I, I was like experimenting with like YouTube shorts. I was like, I, let me try to make some shit that seems cryptic and nonsensical and see how far it goes. And it's just like, congratulations by finding this video. You are now a member of the program and it's like go to SWPC. so I found this government website that tracks the solar activity, And it reports it in very strange information. so I told people in this video to go copy that and put it in the comments. so I, I was trying to like narrow down every trick you could do to get engagement, which was like, get people to comment, get people to share, get people to watch all the way through. so I, I did a couple layers of like, it's immediate bang on like creepy.


I'm talking right into the camera, it quick cuts of everything. There's a timer going in the top left the entire time. And I checked back with it. Like I knew when it happened, like it was like going really well. Shorts, it doesn't matter in terms of financial, like shorts don't make any money. It's not about anything. But I, I checked back and like that sum bitch is over a million views. 210,000 comments, you know, 12 and a half million views. And I forgot about it. I forgot about It because I was so, so much nonsense. But I'm like, ah, And it. Even to this day, people are still confused about it. Every once in a while people are like, why did I copy the solar wind speed? I don't know what that happened. And so yeah, that's a, that was a, that was a funny little success. That's, I can't believe I missed that.


That's very interesting. I wouldn't be surprised. Do you ever go on shorts If you I do. I scroll shorts a lot actually out of, mostly out of interest. But if you Google market player, congratulations. One of the top thing that comes up is a post from the Mark flyer subreddit. And the top comment is, is this the entry point for an A RG? I can't, I can't see any serious clues in the video, but I just feel like this and the next one is, so far it looks like a potential a RG. Yeah, I've already noticed a couple things. I'm working on making a discord to help document some stuff. It's a specific time overlay 1 33 54 as well as the text Chrome transparency within a frame of the video. Mark is really good at hiding stuff. But I'm really good at finding stuff. It's not, it's not a lot of people having this conversation, but I fucking love that.


Yeah. So that was pretty much, that was pretty much it is is just like, just people think that I'm a lot more clever than I am. And I think my biggest success is fooling people into, Mine's always dumb shit man. You know one for me when we did Sons of the Forest and I threw fucking logs at you and I just went, ha ya. I get more requests to high ya than anything else. That is the meme people want more of. They're like, dude, I need you guys to play Sons of the Forest because I need more high ya in my life. Do you know why I don't play that game with you anymore? 'cause of the fucking annoying ass high ya bullshit Dude. It is the most popular part of my brand now.


Yeah. Have fun with it. It's all yours. I will trick you into playing that. I'm gonna disguise that game when some like Mark, let's launch some Uno. You're gonna click it, it's gonna open Suns of the Forest and I'm gonna hide you all the fuck out of you. And I'll be trapped. You'll have no way out, No logging out. I'm gonna disable your alta fours. I didn't realize that's what I was quote recently I've been playing Elden ring, the seamless co-op mod. I've been playing with some friends Elden ring and it's been really fun and out of nowhere from the depths of my mind, whenever I started launching myself into fights and stuff, I would come riding in on my horse. 'cause I, I'm like always behind 'cause I'm slow and stupid. I would come riding it outta nowhere and I would just repeatedly just be like, are you, I was doing that and I had no fucking idea why?


It's because that was somewhere in my brain. Thanks to you. Thank you Wade. You probably got it from a movie five years ago. It's actually from the Adam Sandler, the 1993 Adam Sandler movie. Hay Ya. I'm not the first person to hi ya. But I made it cool. It's actually an homage to a 1982 comedy thriller called Haya. Sort of a misread of the title And. it is, it's kinda like Rocky Horror Picture show. People watch it and they scream at the screen and they throw cans of beans. It's confusing. But you, We should make a a Rocky Horror Picture show esque movie where it's just something so unexpected that people watch it and they're like, what the fuck? By the end of it, they have no idea what happened. And they're like, what the fuck? I think if the three of us attempted to make a movie together, that's basically the only result I can see happening.


Yeah, me too. A cult classic that three people like And also Mark might never talk to us again or kill us both in the end as part of the movie, We just actually throw stuff at him and yell high ya. You Just follow around with locks. Yeah, Because you couldn't cuss me and get on video. Very funny. Oh yeah. My name's Johnny Knoxville and we're about to do nut bees. How are you? What a moment. That's it. Those are my secret ones. That's my secret one. That's it. Well, thank you for engaging in my topic. I always appreciate it. Wade, did you even listen today? You paid attention, you listened, you responded. I did like a, like a human being.


Honestly. Pretty off-putting, I miss the old weight who never listened to a thing or thing. Yeah, I might have to go take my temperature. I might be sick. Yeah, that's weird. But anyway, there you go. Those are all of our successes. Everything else in life that has happened was not a success because we talked about all of them today. We really covered it comprehensively. Mark, you earned points four. Havada, Nevada Niha. Ha. I don't know what the fuck that was. You make me explode. World domination. Oh, which I think was the sound of his crotch going over the bar. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Incredible stake. Wow. It's a movie. Heroin murder. Sperm. Mark Unes Onis. And congratulations.


Ah, Thank you. Thank You Wade. Today you earned points for mocking education in the west. Oh, he Elvis poop death. Chris Bow, Quaker steak Lust. Yeah. Okay. Eaton heaters. Yeah. Okay. Eaters Dickus. Successful trip home food being more important than family. Happy mouth hole sperm. Dad didn't go destitute and haah. I want to go to Quaker Steak and Lust. I feel like that was a fantastic experience. Variance. Anyway, mark, you earned a grand total of 17 points for all of that. And Wade, it's very sloppily written, but it looks like you earned a grand total of 18 points.


I won. We're not playing golf rules even though I did threaten to do that without warning at some point in the future. But we're playing high. Score wins today. So with a total of 18 points, Wade is the Winner. High score as in high Yah. Mark's favorite meme. That's why we're all gonna play Sons of the Forest together real soon. Yeah. Do you know, do you guys know why we'd never progress in games ever. It's probably Mark's fault. He gets too bogged down in the details of how to do things or find stuff. Weren't We still in baseball? Like we didn't even get very far. We were still in building mode, weren't we? I was trying, I was building a very important and difficult rock wall around our knot base and I was really stuck.


I was bringing materials. My delivery method was just high y'all, but I was bringing stuff. You would throw the materials directly at the Buildings and the builders. Well What is this? Real life, the logs knock over buildings made of sticks and tarp. What the hell kind of thing is that? That's some bullshit. You need us and you know it, I'm, I have a solo series. You're Never gonna finish that game on your own. You're gonna get stuck and you're come begging to us to come help you finish it. Anyway, Wade, congratulations. Give your winter speech. I Would just like to say thank you, Bob, for a good episode. Thank you to whatever forces of nature have gotten me home through this CrowdStrike stuff. 'cause my God, the airports are a disaster. This was a fun one.


I look forward to the next one where I'm definitely full of ideas and have something very much prepared. That's definitely true. And I'll see you then. Mark Loser speech. My successes are insurmountable, only comparable to my failures. And that is what today is. If we have to equate everything in life as balanced as all things should be, all of my successes mean that this failure is just as big and I feel so terrible. I retire effective immediately. Uhoh Mark wins at a surprise twist. Don't, don't worry about it, buddy. It was just a gag. He's the lookie of our podcast. We let him win so it continues. No, no, no. It's time I, I step out of Distractible.


I it's my time is to too much. My time is done. It's over next week. My replacement will be here. Everyone please welcome Matt Pat to the podcast. He will be joining in taking over my place. That would be a good upgrade. Or that'd be a side. That'd be a lateral move. That'd be a lateral. That'd be a downgrade. That would be sad. That would be awful. We're Gonna miss you buddy. That's what he is saying I think. Oh, yo. Okay. Thanks everybody for watch listening. Congratulations to Wade. He's gonna be the host of the next one. We have merch Distractible store.com multiplier. Lord Minion. 7 7 7 Myer podcast Out. Oh yo.