
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime. Whatever you're into makes it even better. I like to randomly pick up hobbies. So does Mark Wade doesn't do much, but whatever Mark or I picks up a new hobby, you need it now. And it comes, comes with Prime video and Amazon music because Prime makes it better. Or streaming to shopping. It's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. That's ama ZO n.com/p, ie. And get more of whatever you're into.


It's that time of year everyone's trying to get healthy cardio or weights. Shaker smoothie Tai Chi or Tahitian Kickboxing. That is the sound of decision fatigue people luckily, unsweetened Almond Breeze. Almond milk is an easy call with fewer calories than dairy milk, and none of the sugar. It's the obvious choice. Find Almond Breeze at your supermarket. One cup of full dairy milk contains 150 calories and 12 grams of sugar versus one cup of almond breeze. Unsweetened Original contains 30 calories and zero grams of sugar.


Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home and unbeatable 5G reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home, yes, cool, or attending one live, oh, you can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at cox.com/internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises via coaxial cable. Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G reliability as measured by Okla LLC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary, not in endorsement of the restrictions apply.


Good evening, gentle listener, and welcome to Distractible. This episode Bob sees a Starship Blow, has issues with his hose and asks the guys for the perfect setups win. See Wade slips in time, perks for peaks, has horror invoked paranoia and Hunts, F frogs, Masonic Mark Molest Metals goes, trucking is a moving maestro and fingers without protection from deja vu to flat packs. Yes, it's time for Order Matters Too. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of Distractable. No qualifiers today. Just distractable. I can't remember the last time. I didn't say it. Was your uncle's ne Neuse, uncle's, nephews favorite podcast. Hi, welcome to Distractable i's Bob. I'm the host because I won, and I'm joined today by my two co-hosts slash competitors, mark and Wade. Hi boys. Hello, Hello. They are here to compete, to be the next host. You know how the show works. There's points, I write them down, the winner of this episode, host the next one, and so on and so forth and perpetuity. Does it go and I forget we made some very specific rules about that when we were sitting in a hot tub or something.


I don't remember. So if it ends, it ends and we'll find out in post. I have a topic for today. We might even get to it because Mark, you haven't been on fire again since the last time, right? No. Okay. No. So, so we might get to the topic today, but we do usually Smart Mark talk. Excuse me. We do usually start with small talk. How's it going guys? Got any fun stories? Molly just celebrated her birthday and we went down to Soto in Cincinnati. Soto is so good. So good. It's so much better even than I remembered. Didn't I Remember you saying that already? Yeah, but we weren't recording then. No, but I mean, like last week I could have Sworn we talked about that because Mandy and I have reservations I think at Soto.


I was there yesterday, so if we talked about it last week, that's wild. Oh No. Oh no. I'm having like the craziest deja vu that last week we talked about you going to so, so Soto and you were like, oh, it was so good. It was specifically that. It was so good. That reminded me of it. I was like, wait, whoa, I've heard that before. Mark, are you suffering? Suffering from my acute time dilation syndrome or something? Just, you were here already, but we weren't yet. Good Lord. Yeah, maybe. I've Read 13 books in the last week. How many has Molly read Red? Less than that. Take that.


Is it the Animorphs? It is. Who's, Who's a book person now. And I I know this because you said this. I've heard this before. Well, I, I just finished number 13 last night, so I don't know how The animorphs we did talk about last week. I remember that too. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. All right. I thought I was going crazy. I think Wade got points for that last time. Oh, oh God, wait. Yes. Animorphs for kids. Oh, Mark did it. Okay. Yeah. Anyway, sorry man, I just don't know what time I'm at. Lemme tell you a path of exiles still great, but there's this new game storage hunter simulator you guys should check out. He's Stuck. He, God, That one was just for Mark.


Hey, Wade's being gaslit by car dealers and Mark is being gaslit by Wade. So Really we should blame the car dealers should own this to you, mark. It's just, it's Lexus's Fault if anyone Lexus, If you wanna gimme a car though, call me. Just don't call me and be like, and hang up. I'm tired of that happening. I I don't want the breathing anymore Guy. The sales guy just calls you. He is like, Hey, Is your car running? What? I don't have a car. Yeah, I know. Click God. Him Worst prank calls ever in the middle of the night. Just leaves me crying. All right. Well I guess my life is the same as it was last week. I, I go to Sotos every day now. It's not a bad place. That's not exactly the diner from ground Hawk Day. I mean, that's a pretty high end place to, to have to go to repeatedly.


I, Yeah. I don't know if I could afford to go there every day, but it's so good. Well, you get your money back, presumably it's a loop. So you start back with the same, it's basically free kind of That would, this would not be the worst week in the world to live on a loop. Put the little sick last week. I wouldn't like to live the sickness over, but like, it was mild ish. So I would take it, see If today changes that. Well, mark, what did you have done last week? So I want to give a shout out to the D two steel foamer on the subreddit. Follow the script who not only loves D two Steel specifically, it's their favorite steel and they have an emotional support, little stick of D two steel, which is, which I can really appreciate.


I can appreciate that. Oh, I get that. That is, that is something, there's only been a few times when I've held something in my hand and bit like, wow, I can feel something about this. You know, I The shape. Yeah, the I know, I know what you mean. Talking about a metal, you know, not a, anything in my hand going like, wow, I can feel something. Mark stands in the mirror holding his dick in his hand. Wow. I Could feel something about this. No, I mean I had a bar of silver in my hand one time. Like a, like a large bar. That's what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about they Call your ball silver and gold. Silver and gold And platinum. I've never held a gold bar, but I held a big silver bar and I was like, ooh.


You know, that's interesting. Cue up all the Wall Street silver people coming out. Like there's Somebody say silver. It's our time. It's go, It's going up. Mark's out here. Rug pulling silver on losers. People think crypto is the cool thing, but we're back to precious metals baby. The, this entire strand of hair went right in my mouth and there's still hair in my mouth. Shave it. What? Shave it. Habit. Whenever I think of Hair. Well, yeah. So shout out to them. How much Is a silver bar worth? It depends on the size of the bar. And the price is silver. Well that's Not a, a Standard bar. I don't think that's a thing, but, okay.


Well, isn't gold bar isn't like the whole thing? Like there's a standard, It's a standard by weight. I don't know that there is a single, like this is a bar of gold. Amount of gold. They're, they're weights aren't They? A 10 ounce bar is about $330 probab. That's probably not the actual like price, price of silver. That's like the price of this bar. But who knows? I might be wrong. Oh, silver is $30 and 97 cents an ounce right now. And after this episode. Yeah, absolutely. Like the, like the SpaceX Starship, Did I miss something again?


The, They had to ditch us. They did a Starship launch and they had to ditch it and the, the thing exploded the just the top Starship part. But there's a video or a picture maybe of someone who was flying in a plane who out their window caught the debris explosion field as it was falling back through the atmosphere looked sick and expensive. It was like unmanned, right? There was no one in It. Yeah, it's just test flight. There was no human loss of life In other things about my life. Listen, Ford, it's been real. But you gotta step up. You gotta put out or put up. You gotta step in or step out. You, what's the expression?


You gotta put your right foot in. You gotta put your bright foot out. You gotta, You gotta shit in the hole or leave. Yeah, exactly. That's what you gotta do. Because I hear Chev, well I hear because they're talking to me. Chevy's talking to me and I hear them. It's big of you to listen. If you want to catch me right at the cusp of me becoming a truck guy. I know I bought the truck that you sell, but You know what I mean. Give him two more. It's A bidding war. How many trucks? How many trucks? Not quality. Just quantity. They gotta be ev trucks. They gotta be electric. They gotta be electric. I'm not gonna be rolling coal. I'm gonna be rolling Lithium. None of that Maverick unibody hybrid stuff either. Pure EVs.


I hear you want to go with the Honda Ridge line or the Toyota truck truck. I don't know what that's called. The Toyota Truck Truck. God damn. But if, if I, I mean Bob, you kind of hooked me up on the contact. So you know, I, there are features about the Chevy that I didn't even know existed and then I, I was already really hype on the Chevy Tacoma. They have a Tacoma. Yeah, The Taco. I don't think they have an electric one though. No. Toyota. I don't even think Toyota has hybrid trucks. They might have a hybrid tundra. The Tundra apparently has a hybrid. I don't know what the tundra is, but Toyota's Weird because they're very against making like fully electric vehicles. Which is strange given that they started it with the Prius.


I know that's a hybrid, but I, I, I was looking into cars, family cars and I gotta say Toyota's marketing strategy is interesting to me. When I was looking into cars, I was like, I, we want, at very least, I think we want a hybrid. We might want an ev like maybe a plugin hybrid. I dunno. We were looking at options of like, we want to get something that's efficient. 'cause it's a big family car. It's not like Toyota doesn't even advertise that. Almost all of their core lineup are just hybrids now. Because I was looking at like the minivan and I was like, well what do you not have a model of the minivan, the Sienna, that's like a hybrid. And I like couldn't find it in the marketing. And then in on the website, all of the new ones are all hybrids. So they don't mention it.


And I'm like, why would you not? Why would you? That was confusing because Toyota is exactly the brand I would think would be like, yeah, they, they're the Prius people. They would have, you know, good hybrid technology. Maybe I'm stupid and I just don't understand their approach. But I felt like it was very confusing that you couldn't even tell out front. Like, oh yeah, all of these are hybrids. Look all, you don't even have to pick. They're just all hybrids. Look at the mileage. Nothing. No idea. I thought it was super weird. Go up to the sales guy, you're like, I asked you if you have one that was a hybrid and you said no. Yeah, we don't have one That's a hybrid. They're all hybrids. Yes. Not one all That's a, that's a strong sales tactic. Semantics. It's like the Solarian from a mass effect. Very literal. Like I say, he is not as literal.


You're thinking Drax. Comic Drax. Not movie Drax. Yeah, stupid movie. Drax. What's that? Guardians of the Galaxy. Drax. Oh, Drax. Oh, He's supposed to be literal in the first one. That was the whole thing. But I'm the only one who doesn't like those movies somehow then he Just becomes stupid. And I think that was a weird pivot, But the Guardians of the Galaxy video game is well-written. They're all well written. It's so good. But anyway, that's my life. I had stuff happen. We were gonna record many some days ago. And on the day of recording I woke up and I had no internet and I was like, ah, shit. It's like maybe the internet's down. And our area, one, my internet provider was having technical problems as in their website wasn't working, but also their internal customer service wasn't working.


'cause I called, I was like, Hey, our internet's down and I can't seem to find any information. And the lady on the phone was like, yeah, we don't have our computer system or anything, so I have no information about your account or who you are or what we do. And I was like, what the hell do you mean? You're a co you're an internet company. You Just hear like electricity, buckets of water, you know, fire extinguishers in the background. Their shit was absolutely fucked. And like a, a technician came to our house later that same day, which won best service I've ever gotten was when the cable company was in such disarray that they were just panicked. Like, you go to this address, you go to this address. They were like calling each other on every, it was, it was awesome.


Best service I've ever had. But he literally got here and was like, Hey, I was giving her address and I know how to fix cable and internet stuff. So what do we got going on here? I was like, man, you guys are just abso That was not why our internet was out. I don't know what happened. But Alta fiber was just on fire for a while last week. But what happened in our house was the opposite of fire, just water in the basement. Hmm. And rather luckily it only affected the internet somehow. But our utility closet is like one big wall where it's like our huge, our power circuit breaker panel and our internet and a bunch of other stuff. It's like the hub of the house utility stuff and water got in a window that's right above that and like trickled like marble run its way down through and around the electric stuff without touching anything else.


And just flooded the modem that provided our internet and literally just like short circuit and fried the board in our modem. Nothing else even got damp. No fucking idea how that happened. Bizarre. And also the solution was it stopped happening. Did you close the window? No. Well, so it stopped. It stopped happening. 'cause I'm stupid, but I was going to, I was gonna see if I could get away with leaving out, but that's a lie. Do you know how it gets cold outside and water freezes? Yeah. And ho hoses have water in them. We had a hose on that side of our house. I, I found this advice online, but it's terrible advice now that I think about it.


And also that this happened. That was like, if you, we don't have a way to shut off our hose, hose bibs. Lots of places will have a thing where it's like you could turn it off and then the hose bibs won't have water in them. So in case they freeze, there won't be water to freeze in them. And so I was like, well what can I do if we can't turn the water off to those? And the internet was like, oh, if you have one, just the one you know, closest to your water shutoff valve or whatever on that side of your house, just crack it open. So it's just like dripping. And I was like, oh. And we have an extension on that one to run it over to the backyard. I'll just leave the hose on it and I'll just like let it drip. Right. And the hose will contain that.


So I'm not even wasting water. But then there's like a pressure outlet for the, the pipes in the house. It'll be fine. Like the exact opposite of what happens. And I'm not very smart. Anyway, the hose burst And it was pissing water, like, like a sniper. It was pissing water at the joint between where the wood part of the house and the foundation part of the house go. And it was like, it was trying to get inside, literally nothing else even got wet. It was just like, and that was making its way into and then dripping down the wall. It could have been way worse. But also I'm fucking stupid and I lose three points for that. Okay.


So anyway, my stuff's all fixed Now. Your Accuracy and self-sabotage is impressive. All right. Any number of things could have gone wrong that we might not have noticed for longer or that might have been much worse? The guy came and plugged a new modem in and had it fixed in half an hour or less. Even though he had no idea what my name was or why he was at my house. Was he surprised your internet got hosed? He really was. He took the modem off the wall and he was like, I've never, I've never seen this happen, ever. How'd you do that? I, man, listen. Can you just plug it in and leave and stop asking questions about how stupid I am? He's like, you know what's wrong with this? Here come here. Lemme show you. You hear this? He like holds up a modem. You hear this sound? No, exactly.


You hear this sound blues, blues blue. That's your problem. Listen, we were due for an upgrade anyway, so he was like, nah, this is fine. We would've done and come and upgraded this if you just called anyway. 'cause this was an old one. So now we have symmetrical gigabit internet and he said we could get two gig service on our new modem, which is consumer grade two gig service. Which is amazing. That's Crazy. We've not been in our collective new houses that long. Why do we have old, outdated equipment? I mean, I still had gigabit internet just wasn't symmetrical. Mine is too, but I don't have two gig. Well the, The rate of technological improvement is only accelerating. So it's like, and and the size of the United States doesn't change.


So the rollout of anything takes, you know, 10, 20 years. Like especially with like 5G internet and then six G eventually they're, they're barely even getting to the point where five 5G is actually widely available right now. Yeah. 5G is still pretty sparse. So it it's it's slow. Sorry. 'cause you guys were like waiting for me for a long time and I was like, oh, it's back. 'cause I plugged it back in and the internet was like, whoa. And then when I unplugged it again, water dripped out of the power hole and I was like, oh, I bet it doesn't work anymore. And it was a whole thing. But I'm not weighed. I'm stupid in my own special way. We all are. But listen, Mr. Lee R. Fox, I know you're watching what? I also want good internet.


I'll drip, I'll drip right now. Ooh. Apparently the CEO of Alta fiber, I looked it up. Oh, okay. I thought that was something that I had said that you were referencing and I was concerned that I was turning into Mark. Yeah. You told me last week. A A BB, I'm sorry. B comes after a Yeah. A b say DE back to you in the studio. Bob. Thanks Colin. You guys ever just watch clips of Colin mockery doing the intro to the news bit where he always has a funny news headline and it's never bises, always amazing. I'm Lars Lars pants on FARs.


Today's Top story. A man charged with beating a cow to death in a rice patty with two small porcelain figurines. Court reporter said this is the first ever reported instance of a knickknack paddy whack. I cannot believe you remembered that. That was a perfect delivery. That's One of my fucking favorite ones ever. So, oh my God. So good. That's so good. Everyone looks at him every time like he going with this, That one and like the, the two times he gets Ryan styles to just absolutely die of laughter in the bloopers are burned into my memory forever. No, Colin Backstreet Boys. No, That's Wrong.


Haven't rewatched today. Jason, you guys are gonna make me rewatch. I am watching Twin Peaks right now though. I've been wa are you watch on the new, the newer season or the Original? No, no. Don't spoil anything at all. I've never seen it. We're going back to the beginning. I think there's at least two peaks Mark. I've Not finished them. The, but there's, we, Molly and I didn't watch the movie apparently a movie, but we, we watched the original series and we just started the newer one or whatever. But I'm curious whenever you, whenever you finish it, I'm curious what you'll think. I like it so far. I mean we started, 'cause David Lynch passed away. Yeah. And we watched Mulholland Drive, Mulholland Drive, which by many accounts is like list as one of the top 10 best movies of all times. That's a trip of a movie.


Very, very weird. But intentionally so. Apparently. And it's worth a watch 'cause it, it just kind of like sticks with you afterwards. You go like, oh wait, huh? Huh. How far into Twin Peaks are you? Only like three episodes in. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. Very early into it. Cool. I've not watched Mo Mole Fat Word Drive. Yep. My topic. It's very original. It's been almost two entire pages in my score sheet since we did this topic. Wow. So you might not even remember what we talked about. But that was still since I won last, It's been a while. Do better. I'm not done talking about this and I don't want to talk about sandwiches this time because that was a whole rabbit hole.


But we're doing order matters. Part two, I want to get back into this. Is this the sandwich thing and the cereal thing because Yes, Yes, yes, yes. We're It's you. This is dangerous Waters here that you're treading into. I will say the reason I was gonna let this simmer, this was on my list, but I saw, have you guys seen how to make a sandwich and a half? Have you seen this? No. A person makes a, they're like, I want, I want more than one grilled cheese sandwich, but I don't want two grilled cheese sandwiches. So they take three pieces of bread and they like glue them together in like a smooshed bread triangle. And then they grill each side separately. And I, I think it, I think it's online is referred to as a grilled threes or something like that.


Oh no, I saw this and I, I can't get it outta my head. And I was like, we talked about sandwiches in that thing. And then so now we're doing this, I get a person who tweets at me once a day every night and says bald, I've had this for years now I've got a person who comes to my stream every stream and is like, have you tried the grilled PB and j? Yet? The building blocks of like just annoyance I'm getting over time are growing. I'm not ready for this to happen again. It's fine, it's fine. I don't think anything we're gonna talk about today's gonna cause that kind of issue. And some of you half listeners out there who are like, wait, I can't believe you make PB and J'S with two knives.


I was like, that's not me. I'm not the two knife guy. I'm a spoon in the knife. I can't be more clear about this. It's spoon in the knife. But we're not talking about that. We're not getting back into that. I wanna start with one that at least two of us I think will be, will have opinions on and wait. You might too. God dammit. Imagine Mark, this might be hard for you. Wait, Why? So you have a new office, you have a new empty desk, you have a new place and you have to set it up to be your new workspace. How do you set up a new desk And imagine you own everything that you might want for this. Maybe you're moving your previous setup to a new place or maybe like you planned this out and you have, so you have your computer or computers, you have your monitors, you have whatever accessories, your mic, your whatever, right?


We're setting it up presumably to like make YouTube videos, do this podcast, do all the other sorts of stuff that we do at our desks. Yeah. Wait, I'm not sure you're gonna have a strong opinion about this one, but I I Why, why wouldn't I? I just said I do this, I've done this. Your approach is to leave all the tech in boxes and just pile the boxes on your desk and hope it turns into a working pile of technology. There's Still strategy to that. Well anyway, I have opinions about this and I'm curious what you guys think. How do you set up the blank canvas? That is a brand new desk. I have done this so many times an unbelievable number of times because when I was editing the movie in Texas, I would have to pick up my entire setup, take it to the post-production house, reset it all back up, take it down because it wouldn't let me keep it there.


Oh like every day take it back home. And then I wanted to work, you know, on the weekends I would set it all back up again. That's why I had a separate bathtub setup at that time. 'cause I wasn't going to 'cause I just Ah, amen. So the order though, a lot of people might say you disconnect all the cables first rookie mistake. Oh. Because if you disconnect all the cables, you're gonna have a pile of cables and then you'll have to fish out the cables every time you're coming together, you leave the cable connected to the device that it needs to be connected to both connection cables and its power cable. You wrap the device in its cable.


That's how you do the cable management for easy transportation. But the order of operations for doing it is first I have a laptop. It depends on if you're doing a laptop or desktop. If you have a laptop, desktop, unplug from the laptop, leave everything connected to where it is and then put your laptop away. If it's a desktop you can unplug things from the back. Start with the power, turn it off, flip the power switch off, take out the power supply, then disconnect everything else. Heave your giant desktop over somewhere else out of the way. And then monitors. Monitors are next because they're the most fragile. You don't want to be tired and angry at the end of your organization. Then dealing with your monitors, you want to deal with them first when you're fresh and you're careful and not when you're careless at the end of it all.


'cause you're like, God, why do I have to do this over and over again. This is, it's terrible. So and then obviously when you put it, if you got it in a car, you want the monitors first because those monitors are gonna go protected in the backseat seat, belted in. If you can do it so that the screen isn't pressing against anything, nothing could hit them. Once you have that largely doesn't matter you, I mean computer desktop, you have a desktop, you put it in there also and protect it. But I usually do laptop to move around. So backpack that's easy. Then all your hard drive, your your mice, your, your peripherals that gets wrapped with its own cord and placed in a way if you have a bag or whatever, that it won't suddenly go together and the cords will magically attach.


They will anyway like half the time. But I appreciate the Sentiment. And then assembly is reverse order of what you just did. I don't fully disagree though. I will say I've got a lot worse luck than you do with leaving cables plugged in. Notoriously one cable gets bumped in a way that like ruins the connection. I don't know why but like I'll have like a ruined port or something 'cause I ca so I don't do that anymore. But I do keep like the cables that are plugged into my devices together versus the cables that are just like spare or going to like, because I've got two computers in my office. I've got the editing computer that Dana uses and I've got my computer. Two other steps that I would add in there when you, when I'm setting up my desk, I'm a bitch baby and I play scary games.


I don't like having door behind me. I need to see door I my escape route. I need that shit 'cause otherwise the entire time I'm recording or playing scary game, I'm like Making sure there's nothing behind me. So door, door in this particular office, I also made sure that I had like the setup. I wanted to easily get into my room. I don't know how big all the rooms are you're working with, but like this office is, is a good size. But I've also got a really big desk and I've got another desk in here and I wanted to make sure I had room to move in and out without having to squeeze past my last office. I kinda had to squeeze by my desk to get in. So it's like I want space. So I made sure to like lay it out where I had background wall that I wanted for whatever background in this case.


And last case foam and posters. And then I made sure to foam up the one important wall that I never had to do anything at all with the other parts of this room. It's excellent. Otherwise setup wise, I mean the order you said Mark was fine. Like I monitors first like yeah that's fair. Monitors desktop and then all your accessories and whatnot. You kind of squeeze around that. But you may have to make sure your desk, you get your big shit on the in there first. It's a square room. So lighting was pretty simple. I, this one was pretty simple. This was a pretty simple setup 'cause I kind of got to like design the layout 'cause I had to build this office. It didn't exist prior. So nothing too crazy. I mean power, I guess I had to make sure that the power supply that there were there, there is multiple whatever the dude ma hickeys on your box.


Box What? Your box box Refuses the dude ma hickeys in your box box. Are you talking about breakers? Yeah. Yeah. I've got two different breakers I think to my office. Oh, Oh I see. Box. Box. So I also, I, I did have to care about where I plugged things in to make sure I was spreading them out. Decent amount box. Alright. Nothing earth shattering there. It's not a, I don't do it particularly well, but every time, 'cause I've also moved my office around a fair amount and I have a ton of shit goes on my desk to, had to do the stuff that we do. And every time I'm like, I'm gonna do it better this time. And by 60% of the way through, I'm like, I can't fucking tuck another cable through this stupid fucking channel.


And it always just ends up with my desk just being a of cables. And if I ever need to add anything, I just lay the new cable on top of the raft of old cables. There's definitely some cables in there that are not connected at either end where I, like I unplugged it and I was like, whoa, well that's not coming out. And I just left it. And it's part of my cable management is I have a, a hammock of preexisting cables that all new technology can rest in. You use Those cables and Wrap 'em around the Good cables and they'll hold them in Place. I call it cumulative looming. You just keep wrapping things around and it's like a big organic root loom of cable, root of the loom.


That's what I call it. That is a better name. Does it have a corn cope? Corn? Nevermind. Yeah. On the on the tag there's a cornucopia. Cornucopia cornucopia. Yeah. You you literally said half the word and gave up. Yeah, But I got stuck on corn in the cob in my brain and I was like, that's not what I'm trying to picture. Let's have a corn on the cob. You mark wins I guess. Hey, no, that's a tie. That's a tie. That's a tie. You both get a point. You both get a point. Okay. God dammit. Why did I even get my hopes up? Why did I even try to be happy? I mean you Did do most of the groundwork, but like, All Right Mark, it's a groundwork point. Thanks Wade. Do I get accessory Point? No, you don't get an accessory. Nope. This is one where I feel like Mark's potentially gonna get into hot water. Oh no.


Because this is related to one that you did just as wrong as you possibly could. But it's also simple so maybe it won't be a big deal. Whatever. All right. How, how do you make coffee or tea? What order do you do that? It's not complicated. Do you drink black coffee? Mark? So your order is like put coffee in cup? No I don't. I don't drink black coffee. It depends. It depends on what type of coffee we're talking about. Are we talking about drip coffee? If you are making yourself a coffee at home on a random Thursday morning because you tired and you're like, ah, get some caffeine. I'll go first this time since it's my turn. Wait, I'm assuming you make tea for ka molly sometimes or coffee or something. I know you're not a big, I mean It's pretty, tea's pretty easy. I guess the last time I made coffee was probably like back when it was.


It was, I was probably a kid And it was the old style. Like I don't know if people still use it but like the actual like Folgers tin where you would take a scoop, put it in the coffee filter, slide it in, press the button And it would brew into the pot. Then you had to throw away the old nasty filter with the wet mass of shit. Yes, trip coffee filters do still exist. I was also the person who didn't like even like the smell of coffee. So yeah, boo boo Me. Oh you didn't like the smell. It smells so good When I think so. Okay, side tangent. Distracted distractable to me, the cool thing about coffee was that the Folgers tins, if you took a knife and you stabbed the lid, you had a perfect little cage to catch a frog for a couple hours.


So when I think of like Folgers tins, I think the weird smell of like a frog with coffee beans around it, that hybrid smell of animal beans. So that's what my brain goes to. Do You think that frog in there was just tooth As fuck right now They absorb, they absorb hydration through their skin, right? So their skin is like permeable. Probably tripping balls in that coffee can But tea. I mean we have a tea kettle. So you just pull up the tea kettle, you heat it up, put it in a cup, and then you put the tea bag in, let it stew. Or the steeple. Steeple. Is that the word Steep? Yeah, you put it in the steeple. This is the coffee, this is the Steeple.


Open the door and you see all the teale. That wasn't that funny. Sorry. Take out the tea bag, stir it up. I I always stir it up anyway. But you take out the steam bag and then I add like a little bit of honey stirred up and that's it. It's pretty All right, mark, do something unhinged grounds in the cup first. Gimme something. Come on. He buys The whole beans and he grinds 'em in his teeth. They call it the Belgian Press. I got. I got a thing that's just gonna make every barista cringe. Who's ever pulled a shot of espresso before? So we've had an espresso machine and we've had it forever. Forever. We've had it for seven years.


Not forever. That's actually very far from forever. It's been a workhorse. I forget what the brand name, but it's like, I think Breville, That's a big brand name for coffee stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a single shot or it's a double shot espresso maker. You, you do one at a time. It's only got one. It should a pressure meter at the front. At first I hated it because when I first use it, I didn't seal it properly and coffee went like a line on the wall. It was, it was scary. And then I was like never again. And then I went back to it and I'm like, this makes really good coffee. All right, I'll try it some more. But to clean the beans out. All right. I know you're not supposed to put 'em in the sink, you're Not. Coffee grounds are not supposed to go in the sink.


You're not supposed to. But sometimes when I smack it on the in the trash can, it doesn't all come out. So I take the rest of it, which is like half a shot's worth of or its like, and then I just run under the sink and I take my finger and I go and then I shake my finger off and I get some more coffee grounds. And I know that's probably not procedure. If I was in Starbucks, everyone would have my finger in their coffee. But it's my coffee maker. I'm not making it for everyone else. I hope Someone clips that little section of you going. I put my finger and I go, I want that. I was about to say I don't do that for everyone else, but I remember that I do sometimes make coffee for guests and I Do the same thing.


I the sink, I go, blah, blah, blah. Cream or sugar both please shove your hand in and swirl it And you know, and then I pop the filter out 'cause it's like a little basket filter. I flip it over 'cause sometimes there's gunk there. I rub my thumb over that one under the water and no soap or nothing. I don't want soap in my coffee. You Gotta keep it seasoned. Shake, Slap, go right in. Don't even dry it. I don't need to dry it. It's gonna be wet again anyway. Why would I dry? It's What I say about me when I get outta the shower. I'm be wet again one day anyway. Just toss on the clothes while I'm sopping anyway, I look for a cup, realize I don't have a cup. Look around for a cup, walk away. Forget that I was gonna make coffee, come back. Oh yeah, I need a cup.


Look in the drawer of cups where there's no cups. Go fuck no cups. Go wash a cup. Actually no. I go to my office, I pick up the various, The various used coffee hooks. Are you still holding Amy's cup hostage? No. Yeah, I don't have her Months later. Amy's cup still on the disc. I take my cups back all in a big bundle to the sink and I'm like, well I don't wanna wash 'em, I'll just let 'em soak. Put some soap in there. You pour the water in. I try not to breathe in the mold spores that go poof Into the air. Your coffee cups are ground zero for last of us. The The clean air's over here, the clean air.


You just like, I Can't, I cannot explain how, this is not an exaggeration of anything I do. I let it soak, I go back to the coffee machine and go, I'm about to take it out 'cause I'm like, ah man I don't have a clean c, I'm gonna make some coffee. I look at it and I'm like, oh yeah wait, I was gonna make coffee, seal it back in there, take one of my shitty cups, clean it out, put it under there, pull a shot of espresso, then cream an extra hot water. It's got a nice hot water dispenser there on that side. And then I don't clean it after I'm done. I let that bad boy sit in there until the next day. Question for you. So when you put the cups in the sink, you're worried about spores of horrible shit, right?


Sure, yeah. Wouldn't You be worried about the spores of horrible shit right in front of you on your desk as it is? They're not disturbed in his office. Yeah, As soon as I put water in, they go In the air. Oh, gotcha. Okay. So that's the order that I make coffee in. You know what, mark, for your honesty, are you gonna get the point on that one? Thank You. I know that that's true because I've seen other parts of your life that function in that exact same pattern and I just know that that is a hundred percent accurate to how coffee functions for you and your world. I know that that's true. Also, I'm a little concerned you're gonna die of a fungal infection at some point, but Ah, no I de I descaled it once the coffee machine Once, once every seven years is probably factory, right?


Yep. And the filter gets replaced once every time I remember I just set a reminder in my phone, Man. That's How often I replaced my French water filters. You could just put a reminder in your calendar in your phone, it'll, Yeah. And then it goes off and I'm in the middle of something else and I'm like later. And then I click it And it marks it as completed and then it goes away forever. And I'm like, well I'll remember that at some point in three months probably. You know what? Can't argue with That. You know what, you know what the other strategy I tried for this is so, so the things that are hard, you're supposed to change the filter on your HVAC system like every three months or something. You're supposed to change the water filter if you have a water in your fridge or an ice maker or whatever.


Phone reminders didn't work for me and I was like, you know what? Part of the problem is every time it comes up I'm like, oh, it's time to change the filter. Oh fuck, we don't have one so I have to like go get one or order one or something. And I was like, I know what I'll do on Amazon, I'll just schedule it so that every correct amount of time Amazon delivers one And it shows up and I'll just go put that in its place. And that'll remind me the first time it happened, like the, the filter for the furnace showed up and I was like, I'm not doing that right now. And I stuck it in a closet And I, and I forgot it existed. And Then I got another one Like a couple Months later I was like, oh no, I never changed the filter.


And I got went and got one and then when I got home I was like, oh wait fuck. And I found the other one in the closet. So now we have a spare and I'll definitely remember to change it. You Changed it though this time, right? You weren't like, I'll do that later and shove it next to the other one. I put them both in the closet because they're like, oh this is embarrassing. Ugh. Left those For Another few months, went and got another, they were like a TikTok or something And it was like, go to the store, buy a bottle of hoist and sauce, get home from the store. I already had a bottle of hoist and sauce. Go to the store like, I applaud your honesty mark. Good job. Thank you. Alright, this is one that I, I feel like is another one.


I got this One. TWA is not unfairly weighted against you Wade. I believe you. I do. But this is one I feel like I might be the only one who has strong feelings about, so I'm just curious. You just pulled the tab on your brand new cellular device. Your previous phone is old and dying or got dropped out of a moving car or whatever and you bought a new one 'cause it was time anyway. In what order do you set up your new phone device? Both of them are basically the same. You have to like log into your account And it starts doing things for you. But there still is like an order of stuff you have to do. Right? How do you attack that? I can go mark, but it's your turn if you want to go first. I'm not gonna lie, I was in a different universe for a second there.


I didn't hear a word you said Bob and I was looking right at you. The spore creature inside of his brain was speaking to him. My brain was like halfway through that. I was in a different world. I was like, oh man, thank goodness it's Wade's turn because I wasn't catching any of this. I'll play this off really smoothly and don't worry, I'll just pick it up when I figure out what he's talking about and then say something associated and I like, yeah. Perfect strategy. Mark. No one will ever know that you weren't paying attention. Oh, I mean I can go first if you'd like bud. I wouldn't want you to admit you weren't listening. It's not that I wasn't listening. Like that'll happen sometimes it's just like, I think a DHD thing. It's just like I'll be, I'll be there present.


Just not here all up in here. Just non-existent to the world. What did you say at all? This Is a Angela, I'll tell you in a second. You know what, where that really gets me. School and stuff was hit and miss when teachers are lecturing and whatever, but when you're on the phone with like customer service and they're, you're like running through the mundane stuff and they're like, and what's your name and what's the address for that when you're having that interaction? There's something about that that like, it's physically impossible for my brain to stick with and follow. And every time I'm in that, that customer service sequence of like giving them info and they're, they're, they're using that voice. There'll be a moment where they're like, okay and, and what's your date of birth?


And I'll just be like, ah, what? Sorry, what was that? And I'm like, date of birth. I'll be like, for who? Well like it's just going, it's like too awkward for a touch too long and they think I'm completely insane. But, but anyway. You got a new cell phone. I did Hear this Brian. Yeah, You were there. I was here. What, how do you attack setting that bad boy up? Assuming you've got, you signed into Apple or you signed into Google Play or whatever and the phone is like ex alive. What do you, do you, do you have a strategy? Do you not give a shit? Do you just start doing whatever you needed to do with your phone? Texting people? It's nowadays, I mean I haven't updated my phone in two years, but I used to do it every release And it was always backed up 'cause it just was back up and then it would re restore and I wouldn't But you Have to like log into stuff and, and like set things up, don't you?


No, not usually. If You have, if you have like two factor, I feel like you have to re-log in anyway even if it is Oh right, For like the authentication codes and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah. You have to re-log into those. But for the most part, yeah I keep, I keep, I keep it all, carry it over. I don't know. I get the excitement of like John new Thing, new thing, new Thing and then I fire it up. I'm like ah, it looks the same. That's fair, that's fair. I can, and then I put it down and I'm like, oh it's my phone now. And I go, I'm gonna protect it this time or I'm gonna wear it without a, I'm gonna use no protection. Oh my Right now I have no case anyway, I, I maybe I didn't pay attention because I was a, so I don't really have an opinion about this.


Yeah, You're allowed to not have an opinion. Like I said, this is the thing I'm neurotic about this sort of stuff. I think I've told the story on here before, it's not a great story but the first smartphone I ever opened was a T-Mobile G one, which was like the first production Android phone. I had a full on panic attack 'cause I got it. My parents surprised me with it as like a gift and I didn't think I was gonna get it. And I literally in the car on the way to my birthday to lunch with my parents, I was just sitting there staring at it just like I felt like I was gonna pass out for like half an hour. You're allowed to not have strong feelings Wade. I'm the person who I open up the phone, right? You pull it out and I immediately, before I even mess with sitting up the phone, I've got the screen protector and the case going on.


I do all the steps of cleaning the screen, everything else. And I get the screen protector. 'cause I had a phone a few years ago where I didn't do it right away. And somehow despite following all the directions to a t of making sure I put the screen protector on one single tiny little dust tear or whatever was like a dead center under the screen protector. And that bump drove me crazy the whole time I owned the phone. You Know, you can try those again. I mean you have to get another one. But like you could, Ah, I've already bought the one already attached it. It's there. Got it. Then I turn the phone on, I do all the setup, get to the point where I'm at like the screen where it's like, hello and then like, you know, you have all your apps, got my phone, okay.


If an app, if I need to log into an app, I'll deal with that when I come to it. I'm not clicking on all those fucking things to figure out what I gotta sign into and what I don't. That's future weight's, problem phone's on that is actually very similar to what I do. Like It's, it's, yeah those are great phones on crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well I'm a weirdo and that's not unexpected but I, I have a whole routine. I love, I love a vanilla phone. I tell Apple not to install shit so that I can have a phone that's just like factory, nothing installed, wistfully thumbed through all the settings and see if there's any different, the minute os changes that come with the new whatever. It's like an experience for me, but I think I might be special. I think Wade wins that point for having very slightly more of a opinion on it than marketing.


That's fair. That's fair. You're both like normal people. So that's fair. This will be the last one. We're all, we're, we're all guys here, right? So there's no shame in admitting if you do or do not do part of this one. Ikea furniture we're all familiar with or whatever, flat pack furniture, you have an unopened box of thing, bookshelf, whatever. It's at peace of furniture. What is your strategy of attack for getting that bad boy set up? Okay, so it's me first this time, right? And you have no assistance 'cause that's cheating. It's just you in a room and you just really need a alum to finish your setup or whatever. Like you're clocking.


I Did this somewhat recently with just like a shoe rack, like a wooden shoe rack. But you know, I've done bookcases and furniture and stuff in the past. Unlike what I do with most things. I order after the box has been sitting there a while and Molly says, Hey really need you to set that thing up today. I finally opened the box, which is something I usually don't do, but I open the box and then I actually carefully pull out the wooden pieces. 'cause typically with Ikea furniture, I don't know if you can put together a piece that's not like this, but all the wood is usually like that. It looks nice on the outside by the inside it's a bunch of leg garbled up, hamster bedding bullshit. Yeah, It's like fiberboard or whatever, compressed wood chip stuff. Sure. Yeah. So you do not want to scratch that shit up because once you do, it's exposed.


So I carefully remove the boards. I make sure they're all in decent shape ish. And I lay them either on carpet or a lot of times I'll have like that plastic wrapping whatever in there and I'll spread that out and lay it on there. So that way it's not like on a hard surface. I do not go through and make sure all the pieces are there. That's a future weight problem. I get the crucial first steps out there. I'm like, All right, I've got board marked A, I've got this thing marked B. They go together with these three screws marked whatever. So you're saying you do like find the instructions though, and you go straight to instructions. Step number one. Well, I go straight to the instructions. I skip the make sure you have all this stuff page and I go straight to step one and then I'm like, what the fuck is board A?


How is it different than board B? And then I begrudgingly go back to the page that shows you all the pieces to see what the difference is. Like, oh, shake my fist, go back to step one without looking at the other pieces. So I'll be mad enough to go back to it later and then assemble Pretty sane and rational Bark. I have a compulsion whenever I have any kind of furniture or things that requires parts or what have you, it doesn't matter what I'm assembling because I did the same thing with my computer that I, the multiple computers I just built and also my surfers. Oh man, I will rip open the all the bags with all the tiny little parts in them first and you'd think that I would place them in an order.


But no, I plop 'em on the ground in a pile because I don't know why I have to get all the parts out of the bags. I feel like I'm rescuing it from suffocating. I'm the Exact opposite. I get out the bare minimum of what I need and everything else stays mixed up in the jumbled mess. Why the single pile though? I don't know. I just have to have it all out because I'm like, I gotta have it ready to access. Other than that, it's less insane I think. Except I usually will try to treat it like a test and the instructions is an answer sheet. That's what I was expecting. Yeah. What? What do you mean? That's what I was Expecting.


Not from you, just in general. From us. Okay. Yeah. So I, I will look at it all be like, I went to engineering school, I can figure this out and I'll put something together and then I will just like, I'll do that and if it went together, I'll be like, okay, check instructions. Yep. Or I'll check instructions. And it's a fun surprise when I go like, Nope. Why did it fit together? I'll be Like, oh, well that's, that's probably fine. I did that with my motherboard where I put, I put a thing in the, it's like a cooler. You have to put in the back and then and attach it to the front And it fit together perfectly. And then I looked at the instructions it, so I was like, this is specifically for a MD CPUs to do in this configuration.


And I looked at it around my Intel CPU and I go like, well it works. So I guess It's fine. Yeah. And then for, I haven't assembled anything Ikea for a while, but it's usually like that because I look at it And it is, it's like a to one and I'm like, okay. And they usually have the same kind of parts and they're all very uniform. Except the screws are all very different. But Dow rods and those twisty do hickeys, they all are basically the same. So I'm like, I know what this looked like in the store. I just gotta put it together Like it was, as I remember in my mind. See I don't think that way. I, I, I see the pieces and I'm like, I don't even know what I'm building. Is this a bookshelf or a couch?


I don't know. I Don't remember what I Bought. I don't know. It just like, if I guess at this, it's gonna take more time. 'cause I will undoubtedly be wrong directions. Save me time back to couch, video game somewhere, food somewhere else, somewhere not here. Speed. Run it. I don't care about the adventure. I'm with the destination. I try to be fast. It just doesn't work. The real bookshelf was the bookshelf you had at the end of following the instructions very efficiently. The worst. Or whenever they give you the ones where it's like the thing technically fits and you can turn it like a quarter inch and you keep having to do that 'cause there's no space to get your hand in or whatever. And it's like, why is this the step at this point? Could they have done this Better? That's the thing I get pulled into.


I'm very much on teamwork and I've never thought about it as a test, but that's exactly it. I don't, I don't not use the instructions, but it's like offensive to my sensibilities if I have to use them too much. But the other thing I do is I can't stand when it's like you have to turn something with a hex And it turn, you're like, Oh yeah, I get sidetracked and obsessed. I'll be like, I think I have like an extension, like a drill with like an extension and then like a thing. And then I can put a hex fit into that. And I think if I get that at the right angle, then I can just eek and put, I spent 45 minutes looking for tools and shit and digging through the garage when it would've taken me 90 extra seconds to just tighten the little screw one half turn at a time or whatever When I'm, when I was building my server stuff.


Well, number one, you shouldn't do that by yourself, as I've been told many times, especially loading it in there. But they have servers have rails that you put into a server rack. And I was pretty confident and I knew how those go together. Almost killed myself. Gosh. And almost lost an eight GPU server just because I, I guessed wrong at how they go out. See I fully extended the arms out and then tried to slot it in when in reality you don't need to do that. They can just be like a little bit out so that they're, they're off of the thing. And then you can slide it in when it was fully out and it's meant to hold the weight, but only after it's been in there.


So I, I push it out and it's like 150 pounds and I'm like extending my arms out and the rails go and they bend and then the thing is falling 'cause I trusted it and then I catch it. Oh my God. And I have to like pinch it with my fingers as hard as I can while, while pulling my back backwards to leverage it forward and then landed it on my feet. I think I've told you about that. I didn't tell you exactly the circumstances that it occurred and, and then I feel my back go and I feel my feet go, oh. And then I, But I saved it. It still works. Yeah. I think that's how you're supposed to lift heavy things.


Wrench your back in a jerky twisting motion. I really did. I used my hips as a fulcrum in my back as a cantilever. And I, physics was on my side. Sorry. But I think weight has to get the point on that one for actually building things the way they're supposed to be built. I Completely forgotten already what we'd done. Yes. Building the furniture. I mean yours, yours is the more boring answer and I don't thank you. I don't identify with it. But in a world where you have a box and what you want is a piece of furniture, I think your way might be the correct way. 'cause I, there's even the smallest Ikea shit. I was building these things the other day for Mandy. She has a one of those cube storage things and I was just building inserts for those. There's just like drawers that you put in.


There were like 12 screws total. Like it was a tiny little thing. But I had to put drawers together and, and by that I got, when I started, I was very carefully like tap the thing in. By the time I get to the last one, even on something as simple as that, it's like, get just fucking, why isn't this? And you just start screwing shit in and just check the instructions. Probably. I did all of them in the wrong order And it was part of the problem. 'cause I was like, ah, I see how this works. And it turns out you were supposed to not, I was trying to slide them all in as one unit and then I designed to work that way, which they thought about and wrote down Nice instructions. Make things so simple. When I get shit instructions, you guys have the improbability there with the building.


If, if my instructions are unclear, dude, I'm like, I don't know a flame creature who just crashed, landed in the ocean. I'm just like flailing a bow. Like Just one picture. How do I know what goes first? It's only one picture. I dunno what to do. Don't don't ever buy shit from like team you or whatever because the instructions will be pile of parts. Picture of a screwdriver entire bookshelf. I've, yes that's happened. And I am totally, I go on the internet to scour for help. I'm like, I can't possibly build a square box with four boards. Help me. This piece says bottom, this piece says top. Where the fuck do these pieces go? Which side goes to top Anyway?


Point for Wade. And that was the last one. I feel like it was less controversial today, but I think people will have maybe opinions, but maybe not judgements, but we'll see. I'm curious. Last time it was quite the fire starter and the subreddit and How many people have to wear gas masks to clean their coffee cups. I am curious. I I only have to wear N95. So Here's what you do. You buy a hazmat suit, you grab the coffee cup, you realize you don't have the hazmat suit. You set it down and you wait And then you get the hazmat suit. Then you put it in a closet 'cause you're gonna do that later. Next to your filter, next to your furnace filters. It's a closet full of shit you haven't done in no particular order. Mark, you earned points for trapped in time dilation.


D two steel. Wow. I feel something. And a drawing of a penis silver rug pull twin peaks desk. Oh desk set up groundwork and concerning coffee routine wave. You earned points for 13 books. Real books. What I wrote Groundhog day shave it Your your B when I was all A and you were all B back to you in the studio. Bob desk. You got the tie point for the desk. A Distractible point, a paying attention point, a slightly more safe point and a building things the right way point. I lost three points.


I don't even remember why, but I deserved it. Oh, you punish yourself for something. Yeah. Your water thing. I think you because of your hose. Oh yeah. 'cause I'm stupid and I flooded my own basement in that one tiny little whatever that means. Today's winner with 10 points is Wade. Oh, why Are you disappointed? I'm the one who should be disappointed. Well I just, I was on a good streak and I was like, well Bob went all of last year without giving a loser speech. Maybe I can go all this year without giving a winner's speech. But it's over so quickly. So, Oh, you know what, I'll help you out buddy. Wade, you win. Mark, you give his winner speech Now.


Oh, you want a second here? I know you weren't paying attention Mark. You lose Wade. Give his loser speech. I wasn't listening, but I'm incredibly disappointed. I feel like this was completely unfair and I should have won. But you did win IHeart lenses. I'm gonna have some iHeart lenses. Shirts render farm. Yay. Don't do what I do. Markly out. Oh my God. Wait, I said Wayne was supposed to give Marks speech. What was that? That was me giving Marks speech. 'cause it sounded just like Him. 'cause it was so good. I get it now. Mark, are you prepared In winner speech for Wayne, I, George Wade Barnes to hereby accept this gracious prestigious award.


But I can't accept it. It's beneath me to let awards and ego get in the way of my victory. Therefore, I, George Wade Barnes forfeit this competition in the advent of fairness and understanding. And I will step aside for my competitor Mark Edward Fishbach, middle name, also known as Mark Multiplier as the winner. Wow. That's big of you, Wade. What can he say? Did it work? All right. I'm writing down right now, so it must be true Somehow Mark wins.


Anyway, My streak continues of both things this year. Excellent job Wade. And congratulations to our winner by gracious Forfeit. Mark, What a brilliant maneuver. I Did. I was sorta, I I couldn't believe you didn't have any shenanigans, Wade. I, I, I I said I teed it up for you guys. I was so excited to say Mark ply out. I cleverly didn't pay attention, which got me the second spot. 'cause if I'd have tried that in the first spot, it wouldn't have worked. But my genius subconscious pulled my conscience consciousness away for that moment to get me the win. All the ruse Mark just use pretends like he never pays attention and then sometimes just takes advantage of the situation.


I can't even be mad. It was well played. Mark's genius knows no bounds. Well, congrats to our legitimate and fair winner Mark. That means you get to host the next one. Make sure you follow us all on socials and make sure you follow the podcast by clicking the little plus sign or check mark or whatever the hell it is. 'cause then you'll know when the episodes come out. They come out on Monday and Friday. But then you'll know for sure and yeah, next time Mark hosts and Wade, maybe Forfeits and I win. Who knows? Bye everybody podcast out.