
This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it. Most hint it's Uber. What about me? When I show up to your house at 3:00 AM that's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, It would've been really nice if you had told me that just left me out to drive for no reason. Hey Bob. Sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way.


This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot. I'm pretty happy with my room here, but there are still some things I would change. I would love to have pegboard on the wall so I could hang some more stuff. Could really use a coat of paint. I could use a couple more lights to sort of fill out. I need some stuff from the Home Depot. And obviously the perfect gaming setup is different for every person, but whatever kind of games you like, whatever your gaming routine is, however you like to game, having exactly the right space to enjoy what you're doing, it's a luxury that you can get. And the good news is you can get everything you need to create that perfect gaming room. From the Home Depot, they have paint, smart lights, sound dampening, foam wall treatment stuff, furniture, decorations, organization, bins, shelves. They have everything you need. All you have to do is go to the Home Depot. It's a one stop. You can even get it delivered to your house. I've had that. I had some stuff. Delivered it right to my garage. It's lovely. Build your perfect gaming room with the Home Depot. Click or tap the banner to shop. Now.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc Crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken sauce goes on Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for Dip only at McDonald's.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by DOOM. The Dark Ages. Its software presents DOOM, The Dark Ages, a dark fantasy sci-fi experience that brings epic combat. And over the top visuals to the legendary DOOM franchise dominate demon infested battlefields with devastating weapons. Soar on a Mecca dragon and witnessed the creation of a legend as the slayer takes on hell itself. DOOM The Dark Ages available now on Xbox Series X and S PlayStation five and PC rated in for mature.


Good evening gentle listeners, all watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode one-eyed Wade loses his beamer, goes blue with envy tosses terribly and flosses with the fellas basement. Bob's baby flops and flushes hard. He then send he skyward and goes west side. Manna called Mark has add guilt, gets wet with Houdini, refunds a handy and starts a sing along from witness protection. Two Snatch synonyms has it's time for Peekaboo. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade because I finally won again, I say the word finally because I don't remember the last time I won. It could have been two in a row I might have hosted and given myself the win. Can't remember, but I feel like it's been a while. Therefore, good job. Me. I don't know why, but I thought you were doing a bit. I thought you said that the way Colin Mockery says his news reporter names you were like, I'm your host Wade. Because I won again. I'm Wade a second and I'll tell ya, Wade, that's the wrong hole. Lars, Lars pants on FARs. I think that was one of them, right? Anyway, sorry, my mind just exploded 'cause I thought you did it and I was like, I don't understand. You're good. I was about to give you permission to talk anyway, so it's fine that you did.


Hi, that's Bob. Hi. Do I have permission to talk? Eh? Well this is a show where one of us hosts the other two compete for points. Whoever has the most gets to host the next episode. Hence why I'm here right now. And these two will be competing today. But as always, we usually start by catching up and we actually haven't gotten to talk the three of us in a while. So how's life, what's new Mark? You're once again hiding in witness protection somewhere it looks like. Yeah, They keep moving me because people keep finding me. I don't know how they keep doing it. I I just wake up every morning, go out on my porch and go, hello everybody and people find me. It's crazy. Hello everybody. My name is Mark Bli and welcome back to my house. Can't imagine why they keep fighting me. I am just surprised they haven't kicked you out yet. They must really love you down there at the witness protection.


Yeah, They must, they must don't know what crime I'm gonna confess about, but Usually you're pre protected from ratting out someone else that committed a crime. It's not always yours. Oh, I kept telling about, about my crimes. It says a lot though that you think you have a crime. Why Would they be protecting you? I Don't know. I was just, I, I, hey, I just, I just talk man. Mark's gonna rat himself out. We gotta protect him. The Guy was like, I thought he was going to tell us what somebody else said. He keeps confessing. Let's keep him in protection. See what else he admits to. He won't stop confessing. I'm in the desert. I dunno, I forgot that classic desert strategy of Peekaboo keeps you cool in the desert.


I just rub my face. I was like, say Peekaboo. I was like, why? Oh, well Peekaboo. Well, it's very important to cover yourself up from the sun in the desert. Peekaboo is a classic. It loses track of you real quick. The sun's just that Mario version of the sun angrily coming after you the whole time. But Peekaboo stops his track. What's new Bob specifically? I'm in my basement. Hoo. I I thought we were doing location based exclamations. I didn't, I didn't want to. Sorry. You know, stuff. Stuff is good. James has entered a new era, which I have not named yet, but I'm gonna just say that it's very destructive and it's mainly of his own self.


He's entering a mark era really. Let's call it that. Okay. Alright. I sort of hoped eventually he'd gain like a fear of getting hurt. 'cause he is not afraid of anything. He'll just like climb up on the back of the couch and you know, like he could fall and break his neck and all. He just does stuff like that. And he has started falling off of things now he started falling down. He fell off the back steps on the patio 'cause he just wasn't looking and ran off the steps. He keep, he keeps doing that, but he doesn't act like he gets hurt, like he falls. He the other, he fell onto his face. He, he missed this last step, fell onto his face, off the back deck onto a concrete patio. And we were like, oh, ooh, ah. And he just stood up and was like, Hmm.


I thought kids cried a lot. Cry. He does cry when he gets, when he like hurts himself sometimes, but when he really eats it, nothing, he doesn't get scared. He doesn't, he's just like, oh, that was cool. And then just good continues And it's like he's just gonna keep doing crazier and crazier shit. He's not learning to be afraid for his safety at all. Like The next evil Knievel. I don't know. It seems bad, but also he's like, he's fine. Like he's getting scraped up. But otherwise, nah, he's fine. I'm gonna trust him. He's two and a half now. Pretty trustworthy guy. So They call it the trustworthy twos. I feel an overwhelming guilt building up inside me for every day that I have not done a video about all the PREA 3D printers that they have sent me.


I Well you could keep talking about 'em. I could. I could, but I don't think it qualifies. I I, I think about it. I'm on, I'm on vacation right now, so I'm just like, I'm, I'm out trying to relax and then I wake up in the middle of like, I haven't promoted prsa. I legitimately Are your printers like talking in your dreams? Like, mark, you forgot about us Mark. No, they're being used. That's why it feels bad. It's like they're, they're like chugging 24 7 now and I'm just like, oh, those productivity for all these printers I got for free that they sent in right before the tariffs hit and send 'em in. Yes. It's like under the door of the tariffs. Yeah. Anyway, I can make, I can make Oceans go Poosh in Houdini.


Now Peekaboo, Is that like a physics sim stuff? Is that, what is that you're doing? Have I not Talked about Houdini? I mean I might've mentioned it tangentially with the render farm. Like the whole idea was for Houdini, but now I'm actually in Houdini, which is by side effects is the company that makes it. But Houdini is the software. Okay. So it's everyone. If you ask anyone who's Houdini, they'll tell you it's procedural. You'll have no idea what that means. But they'll keep saying it as if it explains everything, you know? Okay. What do you think it's procedural means? Like it does it, there's a procedure. There's, You have to do things in a particular order to proceed.


It starts at number one on the list and proceeds from there procedurally You open, you edit, you save procedure. There you go. That's probably it. No, it just means you have to build everything you want to build out of the, the fucking Lego bricks that they give you. And it'll, you can modify it as you go. I don't know, it's nuts. But they have little pre-made things like ocean and wave tank and I can make it go with my, all my computers. Nice. I don't know why. I'm just imagining you have this intricate set up, you launch the computer, you enter this crazy password and then you're just like dropping a stick figure into the water and once it go splash and you're like, yes, That is exactly What I do.


That is Exactly that. There was an extremely intricate robust Networking system and power is remu for all these computers. And I load it up and I go, let's have it go. And it goes osh and I go, ah, Eight guys wearing sunglasses, having ear pieces in with like guns. You have to like scan your badge, you get to the room, it's just boosh. Yes. You don't know how right you are. You dunno how correct you are in this moment. I'm happy for you I think, But I've had to embrace Linux. I don't want to, Doesn't sound fun. It's so stupid for Houdini on Linux. Like I don't know why this is Wait, if I go to Houdini Linux requirements, yes, I'm shitting on Linux.


Again, it has some great things but also like holy fuck if you go to any program game has like system requirements, right? And so sure if you go to side effects for the software, it's like you, you know Windows, it runs on Windows 11 10, 8 0.1 server is not supported, you know, oh 8.1 server, not supported macOS, you know, just this version Linux, it runs on BU two Debian, Ralph Fedora cent to West Mint Pop 2004, Rocky alma, older Distros. Like it's just, and then that's not even the main thing. It's, there's a sub page where if you install it for Houdini, you need to install all of these plugins that couldn't possibly be bundled with it for Linux reasons.


You need Libba sound lib, C six lib, Debus lib event core lib X pack Libon Lib, GLGL XO ice N-S-P-R-N-S-S OpenGL, LPCI S M X one one X one one XB CCB XCB cursor X ccb, DRI three XCBI, CCB M woo XB image X keys that I'm halfway through the list. I'm less than halfway through the list. That's how many you have to install yourself to get it working on Linux. You have to, Sounds pretty much like Linux. But those are all just like command lines, right? Plus can't you like, can't you just like download those all into one directory and then be like, well look at this folder, it's all, all of that shit.


No, I don't know. Maybe just, I don't know why it, why wouldn't it be packaged with the Linux installer if it needed these things? Why doesn't it come With it? It's actually a different thing that you could install first, but you have to install the main software and then there's about 30 plugins that you install for that. But then once you have that, then you can install other software with all the plugins all included, Man. I bet actually there probably is one of those. But the worst thing is that list that I read you is for only some of those distributions of Linux. That's for Debbie and Ubuntu. Mint and Pop for rl, Rocky and Fedora. There's a completely different list. Smaller, but you know, different. I followed all of that Rocky Al Elmo. I'm not Following it either.


I'm not saying I know this stuff. It's Linux is silly. It's, I'm, we're on the same boat here. I think we used to have neighbors named Rocky and Elma. It sounds like meme coins, like, oh, it's, it's gl and Mimed and Gorpy and, and purple. Yep. That is, that is pretty much it. Well, I you did, you used Linux back when we were, when we met in college. You, you, you were familiar with Linux, right? No. If I said I was, I lied. I must have been like, I am lying to you. Well, my, my buddies, a lot of my buddies went into like software engineering stuff. So I, Ubuntu was what I had on my other partition on the laptop that I used when we lived together. My laptop that I got for college was half windows, seven half original Ubuntu distribution.


Whoa. Way back. So that, that goes back. And that was not new when I was using it then I don't think either. That's like, damn, Not to brag, but I once had to launch a Windows computer in dos mode to play a game. Damn. I know that's pretty similar to what you guys are talking about, right? Basically. You know, I, it's funny, I know Wade's doing this as a joke. All of that you were going through Mark and in the back of my mind I was like, I have been considering switching my web browser lately. That's gonna be tough. I feel What Mark's feeling? That's gonna be tough. Look, listen, I'm, I'm dug in.


Okay. I've been using, I've been using Chrome since it came out and I know that it's awful. And if I didn't have such ridiculously overpowered computers, I would never get away with this. But I'm so afraid to change. It's gonna be so hard. And there's probably Linux involved or something. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about Mark? Yeah. Oh yeah, I'm sure. Yeah. At least add some pain. You guys remember that whole car thing we talked about, right? Like getting a car, Wade's car is parked in his driveway. Let's go, let's you got a picture of it? Oh, very soon. Very soon. My car a few weeks ago hit the port in Germany, woo. And then it was in transit across the ocean.


And I got this weird tweet. Someone sent me a tweet and they're like, Wade, bad news about your car. And I was like, who the hell are you? What are you talking about? And it showed a picture of like a bunch of cargo containers washing up on a beach where apparently there was a boat accident and BMW and all their containers got lost at sea. And I was like, oh no. I looked it up and I was like, oh, thank God this looks like it was from 2023 or something. Not me. Not me. And so you got your car Last week. Molly and I were outta town. I was keeping track. I was like still in transit, still in transit. This didn't take two to four weeks to cross the ocean. That's fine, whatever. And then in two days ago I looked And it was like, okay, I was on step like 14 of 16 for delivery. I looked, it was like step 13 at port.


And wait a minute, we were, we've been in transit for like a week. What do you mean at port? How do we, we're not back in Germany, right? Like it's in a different car. Like they're at this port, they're, they're the port in the US right? Like they, they hit this port. They just went backwards in the step telling me that it's actually here and soon it, I'll have a car, it's still at port with no updates. And my car actually got deleted at one point from the app and I had to go re-add it. I have some concerns. My guy, where Is it? Is it in the ocean? Is it in Germany or is it here? That car, my guy, that car is gone. That car is, is gone. Just that car is fucking gone. Where Is It?


What if there's a person in the exact right position at BMW or at like the shipping line or whatever. Who is it who listens to this and heard you talking about it and was like, let's just fuck with him. Let's just send his car everywhere. How far can we get Wade to travel to pick up his car? Like, oh, turns out you gotta go to Baltimore If you want your car, it's definitely in the port there. Maybe. Hey Wade, let me explain it to you in words in a way you can understand editors. Like, help me out with this one. Pretend my head is your car editors. Now delete my head. Peekaboo. That's your car. Well I think, I think the tweet was right. Wade's car's in the ocean. Editors put Mark's head in the ocean. Look at all the Guam Put me in Guam.


I just, I don't know where it is. I have one more. Well I've got two more things. I might save one of them, but I got one more thing at least I wanna mention right now, Mar Yeah, I've been hyping up a game for a while here and you finally played it blueprints. I watched you play it. And I gotta say two things. One, I'm impressed, two God, I hate you. I feel, I feel that. Tell you what, So blueprints is a puzzle game, right? You figure out different ways to unlock information to move and there's different clues that lead you down. Different rabbit holes and things. Mark came across like the first puzzle and instead of looking for a solution, how long did you spend in Photoshop trying to figure out spoiler alert Swan song?


Look man, I don't know. Because the thing is I had it right in front of me. It was so clear. 'cause what it was was like, I didn't know what this was, but I knew the last one was song, right? So it was like this and no, no one listening. It's like it was an SI knew it started with an S and I knew song was at the end and that was like three lines here. I'm like, no letter has three up lines or that's incredible what letter than it must be some other letters. Literally w Anyway, so yeah, no, I, I feel, I feel dumb. There was so much more cut out of that than you saw. I spent a good hour and a half trying to figure it out.


Let me tell you, spoilers incoming, there's literally an item you find in the game that when you look at that note, it reveals the password. You don't have to do that. It seemed like I should be able to solve it. And, and you know, it, it, the answer was more obvious that I look man, look, I just, I was like, he's never gonna make another episode because if this is how he tackles puzzles in the game, he is like, ah, something I can't quite see. What if I get the Hubble telescope, can I rent that for a week? And I just hold that, aim it at my monitor. I can read this microscopic Text. Hey look man, I got it. I don't know what you're completely about. I solved the puzzle, I solved it. I was pro I was reading some of the comments. Everyone's like, wow, Mark's dedication to figuring that out.


And I was like, if he'd played the game for 10 more minutes rather than the 40 minutes he took in Photoshop, he might have just found the item that shows that I don't know what I, I actually didn't watch it back. So I don't know how the edit shook up. But it's funny that pt, I uploaded a picture of that scribble and I gave it all the discoveries I've made so far. And I was like, what in the fuck do you think this is? And I said to myself, there's no way it works. And, and I said, you know, I think the last one song starts an s And it was like, hmm, judge it by this could it be swan song? And I went, you motherfucker, I'm gonna, the AI should burn because of this, this one moment. Oh, did you see this?


Not to keep harping on ai. 'cause I know some people don't, don't like us talking about it, but it's kind of a thing and we're making fun of it most of the time. The new video one that everyone's really, really jazzed up about. Vo vo whatever. Yeah. And it puts out, you know, video that still is very clearly AI nonsense, but it, it looks prettier, which I guess is is the good of it or something like that. But here's the thing, if you tell it to make a Fortnite, let's play it. Not only will put the person in the corner, it has almost perfect Fortnite gameplay occurring in the video.


And it makes me go like, I wonder where Google got all of their training videos. I wonder where Google owner of YouTube got all of their training videos. Hmm. What happens If you, if you tell it to do, create a makeup tutorial, like this is my daily skin routine to get ready with me video, Turn around with 10 fingers on one hand and like three noses. Like, ah, perfect. Well I was gonna say I love, I I I get, I appreciate that whoever put together their like sample stuff had a sense of humor. Because one of the, one of the clips that was really popular going around was like a standup comic telling a joke.


And the joke, I don't remember it, it was like very unfunny, which is fine. But then there was another one of a guy, it was like chest up shot of a guy just sitting there and he's just, it cuts to him like he's mid thought and he just says, and that's the day that I realized I would be able to count way higher than any other person. And then he holds his hands up and he has like eight fingers per and like, like, very funny, very funny. Nailed it. 10 out of 10, I had another weird medical wake up. You guys remember the Uvula Chronicles, right?


So Molly and I were traveling, we got back late in the evening, I think like Monday or whatever it was. I was up late, I think I decided to record more blueprints or whatever have you. So I went to bed late, got about two and a half hours of sleep. And then I woke up all the animals were like, we need to shit now. I was like, All right, well I guess I'll take the animals out. And I went to sit up, I was like, ooh, ah, ah, my fucking left eye was burning. Like I had just poured hot sauce into it, like burning like crazy. I couldn't really open it. I finally did. I couldn't see out of it. I was like almost amsler greeting myself trying to see like different points of vision. I was like, did I lose part of my vision? What happened to me? Did the cat scratch my eye in my sleep? Like I, I was freaking out. So I'm trying to take the animals out. I'm trying to like look at my phone to call an eye doctor.


'cause they had just opened at this point. It was like eight in the morning. Get the animals outside, I call and I'm like, I, something's wrong with my eye. I don't know, I woke up, I can't open my eye. It was like blurry. It's pouring out water burning like crazy. And I went in and the doctor got like this yellow dye, put a drop in each eye, put me under the Appal Appian lamp, which is like where you put your chin in your forehead And it little, little blue light pressure tests and stuff. And the one thing I think you never want to hear a doctor say is what my doctor decided to say. Which was what? Which was, well that's weird. Anytime your doctor finds something weird or unusual they haven't seen before, that's, you don't want that. And so of course immediately I was like, oh no, what? What's weird?


And it is like, well it looks like you just have a dry spot. And I was like, okay, That doesn't sound that weird. Maybe my eyelid got pry open or something. He is like, but it's in a spot that shouldn't have just dried out like the middle of my cornea. I had this like diamond shaped dry spot where just for whatever reason there was no moisturizer in the middle of my cornea and my pupil and stuff. And he's like, well if your eyelid had been pri open partially while sleeping, you'd expect to see it dry in this region. Like he drew it out and all like on his eye picture. And he is like, if this was like, he was showing different things and he is like, for it to be this pattern right here, but moisturized everywhere else is bizarre. And I was like, great, what do we do about that?


I'm glad to be a Guinea pig here, but help me, please help me in pain. Scared help. And he just gave me a moisturizing drop. I was like, I guess we'll try this. We will keep in touch, come back and not tomorrow, but day after. And I'll do a recheck and see how things are going. Thankfully long. And then skipping ahead my eye. I used the drops, my eyes better, but no explanation as to how a random spot of my eye just like shriveled up and dried and died in the middle of my sleep. Well I think that all the people in the subreddit will diagnose You. All professionals And some up and coming professionals. So yeah, no, that's weird Actually. WebMD, it thinks you have eye cancer. Hopefully not. My eye pressures were good.


I, so I was using like a steroid drop on this eye, which can raise eye pressure a little bit. So this eye pressure was up to like 23. 23. If you thirties, forties, you start to worry. 23 is not, You don't have to tell me. It's like high normal. I worked with eyes for a while, okay, but it'd been a decade ago. But like this eye was 23, this eye was 21. It was a little elevated from the steroid drop. Nothing crazy. Vision seems normal. I couldn't wear contacts for a few days just because the doctor was worried. So I was wearing glasses stay the first time back in context. I dunno, it was just, it was very painful and very confusing to wake up half asleep and just be excruciating pain like that out of nowhere. Anyway. Wade's medical anomalies, take two. Someone's gonna be like, well if uvula in the eye combined, what it actually means is your spleen is failing.


Lemme know. I guess


This episode is brought to you by ikea. A dream study space does not have to break the bank. Ikea has so many wonderful things with their college essentials. It's easy to create a space that sets students up for success where you can get whatever you need to be at your best, maybe have a good time, you know, when you've got a minute, Ikea checks every single box on your checklist. So you could start your year in style. Visit ikea usa.com/ready for college. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to shop Now.


This episode is brought to you by Hershey's. When it comes to a sweet treat. I love a combo like those two flavors that just go together perfectly. Like a little party in your mouth. I think most people are with me on this, right? If you want the ultimate combo, I think you should give Hershey's cookies and cream a try. If you haven't had it, where have you been? Rich, smooth white cream, packed with crunchy, chocolatey cookie bits in every bite. It's a delicious balance of flavor and texture. Hershey's cookies and cream, creamy, crunchy and all yours. Find Hershey's cookies and cream bars at a store near you today.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. You know what I got off of Amazon? That is actually a crucial component of this show. My coin that I could never remember. Which side is heads and which side is tails? Well, It's not just about products, sometimes it's about shows. And Amazon Prime Also comes with prime video, Whatever it is. Prime helps you get more out of whatever passions you're into or getting into at amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


Good small talk boys. Good small talk. I have a bit of time for an actual episode, so let's jump in. You guys, remember we've done a couple of episodes in the past where I had some old timey phrases and I would read you the phrase, you guys tell me what it meant. All right, we're doing more of that. All right. Oh, Don't oversell It. There's a, there's a couple of reasons why. One, I really enjoy it. Two, we still have a lot left in this mental floss. Article three. I like mental floss. I don't know much about them as a webpage, but I just like the word mental floss. I like the compound word that it is, because I think of like all the crevices in your brain being flossed. And I enjoy, sorry Bob a Fantasia biased against, I guess.


But I, I enjoy the mental image I get of a brain being flossed. I would too if I had one. This is where I'd put my mental image of a brain being flossed if I had one. We've done 44 of these. I was looking through my notes. We've done quite a few of them and they're still a lot left. Let me find My coin. I don't remember who went where last, so I'm gonna flip a coin to see which one of you goes first. Bob, your heads mark your tails. All right, let's, let's get a good flip. What are you, why are you doing it like that? You do? I can't. Why Do you throw it? You throw it. You need to, you need to rely more on your, you're like throwing it off your hand. It's all thumb bow.


That was a sharpened pencil. That was a very sharp pencil. You're right Mark, you've convinced me. You have convinced me that that's the proper Wish. Look, it is just, it was an example. Obviously that wasn't a coin. So It is tales, which means Mark, you go first here, which won't really matter, But you could have just held that up and decided it was tales I was not watching. Well that's not my fault. That's your fault because I did do it. Damn you. Sorry. No wonder it looked weird. Studio light was on. Sorry, what's going on? Hey, what's up pal? I'm just watching you Flicker. Watch this. Whoa.


Really takes a second on that one. There we go. Oh, Whoa. Editors Are gonna love this. I Know, I know. What's wrong with what? The editor's gonna be jealous of something taking their job. Edit Out the fireworks editors. Remove the fireworks from marksman. We can't have those. We can't have those. Take those out. Make it just regular. So That was the apple fire. Here's the editor's fireworks. Sorry. Let's get back to what matters here. Mark, what are happy returns? All right, so I'll tell you in a second.


I have a great, I have a good one. So you got happy endings, right? Yes. So happy endings. But wait, which happy ending are you thinking of The sex one? The happy returns is what? You're going to get a refund on your happy ending because you're dissatisfied. You have to have opposite sex to give it back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They gotta put it back. Oh, I feel like I have to say this might need to get cut out or bleeped out, but maybe not. I just, this is immediately what I imagined because, and that's why I lost it. Happy returns. Okay, you're a guy, you're laying down on your back and you're alone and you're feeling horny.


So you're jerking it and you finish up into the air and then you get covered in happy returns. What goes up must come down, Obviously Well weighed. Which one do you prefer Returning your happy ending? Reigning jizz. Unfortunately neither one of those are the happy returns. Happy returns. Despite the name is actually just vomiting. That Doesn't make any sense at all. That Is silly. That implies that the vomiting is good. Yeah, really just vomiting. That's, that's kind of, that's kind of it. I don't have a, I don't have a wear it originated or anything like that. Just Mine was closer. How Stuff coming out of body.


Oh, you're right. I had stuff going into body. I'm so stupid. Goddammit. I mean, if you guys agree, I'll give them the happy returns point. Well, Mine was not so happy. So maybe I had the irony about it. But on a fundamental level, I think he's still got It. That's true. And vomiting and happy returns in Mark's world. Kind of match vibes a little better, I guess. But it depends how you judge it. Bob, what is a lean away? The word is lean away. Like the word lean and the word away combined into one compound word. It's actually a practice that's been outlawed. Modernly. There's a similar thing that you could still do. It's called layaway, which is where you pick out a product at a store and then they like set it aside for you and you make payments.


And when you pay it off, then you, then you could take it home and you own the product. A lot of like furniture and stuff like that. Lean away was actually where, instead of you picking the product and then leaving the store, you had to pick the product and then work in the store and live there without leaving until you paid off the debt. And then you were allowed to take the whatever, the furniture, whatever it was home with you. You didn't actually get to go home and lay down. But you could lean occasionally during your 24 hour, seven days a week, work shifts at whatever, whatever store was selling you. The thing. Mark, what do you think a lean away is?


Oh, well, it's from Popularized by Lion King. A lean away, A It sleep too high. I love it. Instead of telling me what it means, you just put it in another sentence. What do I need to say? I don't Need to say anymore. That's it. That whole movie is like that. What is who? Who? Oh, fucking shit. Una Ada. What does Una Mauna mean? Nobody knows. It doesn't mean anything. Well, let's say If we can't even say Una matata, I'm not sure we're gonna figure out some of these words.


Una Ada. What's Who? Una ada. Una ada. Lean away is just someone who's tipsy. Man, I gotta start thinking about more boring stuff. That one. At least I buy like, sure. I gotta give, I think I gotta give Mark the point for this one. Bob, I love your creativity, but I felt more drunk listening to the Huna Meato. That's true talk that you contributed To. That was my words. I know. But it was contributing to Mark's idea of the song. Look, I'm already hit. I'm not gonna say anything. Well, I guess it doesn't mean No worries, does it? Some worries, bro.


Some worries. Some worries. For Huna Ada. It Means some worries for the rest of your days. It means anxiety, sobriety. What was this? I kick him. Uba. I don't know. It's different every time. Who cares? Mark, What does it mean to be off the cob? Wait, we know we did this one. Wait, this is familiar. On the cob. I do feel like we did something similar. But This isn't a 20 easy question situation again, where we're getting the exact same words. Is It? No promises? Oh boy. All right. So on the cob, Off the cob, Which one is it, man? The one I've said every time.


Wayne Has said the same one every time. Well, C, get inside. This one is on or off the cob. Are you two? Okay, It's an on the Co or around the cob. Which one is it? Wayne? You keep saying different things. OF, F off the cob. All right, off the cob. Good job. I should give you a point just for repeating what I said. No, mark, you Yeah, you said it. You're saying it wrong. So it must be on the cub. It must be on the cub. If I was wrong before, Because you said off the cub. Okay, so it's on the cub. Wait, was saying on the cub. So when you eat corn and it's still whole, you eat it on the cob, it means to eat something whole.


Bob, what does off the cob mean? I feel like This is the fucking Saturday night Live celebrity jeopardy bullshit. All right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna play for points this time. Somehow Both of you are Sean Connery today. And I don't know how I'll be Connery. You'll be Sean. I'm playing for points off the cob. It's actually a saying comes out Nebraska very regionally specific. There's a lot of corn in Nebraska. They're there. It's college mascot is the corn Huskers. That's how corn focused they are. And so it's just in, in slang in Nebraska for if you've been eating too much corn lately and you're trying to cut back and when someone offers you, as they do every day everywhere in Nebraska, a corn on the cob, you say, no, no, I'm on the cob.


Off the cob. That was not on purpose. Fuck no, That That. I was writing down the point for you, Bob. I was. I was like, You know, he participated. Are you sure it wasn't on the cowboy? Are you sure? Are you sure It wasn't I, I dunno anymore. I can't tell anymore man anymore. We did the bit too much. I don't know which one's the one Slang meaning corny. It just means corny On the cob means corny. I don't like that one very much. That's not very You're real on the cob man. It's too, it's like on the nose. You're too on the nose. No, it's not on The's off the cob.


I love sling. Bob, what is a red onion? Can't wait for this. The color is red. Alright. A green onion. I don't give a fuck what you prefer it to. Oh, I'm not sure if it's more specific than this or what, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep it kind of vague and just hope that I'm in the right ballpark. Red onion is a vegetable Is fair, I think. Yeah. I can't disagree with your assessment That that has to be right. That has to be, that's a reasonable guess. I, I have a guess. So I have a guess. So I Guess it's a slang phrase for something Slang phrase for a green onion. That's not green enough. I know what it is. It's slang for a beet.


'cause you know some people, they didn't know what beets were. They pulled it outta the green. It looks a lot like an onion. They got into it like this. This red onion's weird. Oddly enough, mark, you're closer than I'd like you to be with this interpretation. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm saying. Seeing something and thinking it should be different or perhaps better. A red onion is a dive bar. How am I closer? How? How am I how I don't think they have a lot of vegetables at dive bars. I think it's called a red onion. 'cause you go there And it ends up being a dive bar. I don't know. I don't get a lot of descriptions for this. Mark. I think you're first this time there is, you have got this.


You are okay, I've got this, this, this. This one was built for you. What is meant by the slang phrase? Focus your audio. Can you gimme the definition? No. Can can you use it in a sentence? Yeah. Use it in a sentence. Focus your audio. All right. That that, that's telling. That's telling. That's telling. That's that clued me in. I mean, couldn't be that simple. You're too wise and special for that. You're too sly. Sly dog. No, I'm literally stall 'cause I've forgotten what it was. What did you say? Like Off the cob or Focus. Focus your on God. Damnit. Focus your audio.


Focus your audio. Yeah, that's right. You sly dog. You apparently the phrase sly dog makes me forget because it's like it empties my mind of whatever's there. Focus Your audio. Focus your audio right. Give Him your answer. You sly dog you. It means two. Love, love. It means no for, it's just my philosophy. All right. Final answer in, I don't know what you said, but yeah, I agree.


Bob. What's focused your audio mean? This is actually from the sixties. Maybe it's more like the eighties. I don't know. It's from group B, rally car racing. The radio transmissions between driver and navigator were pretty hard to understand. Kind of just shouting at each other. And the Audi team would often get into arguments or sort of get off track 'cause they were like yelling at each other back and forth. So the navigator to shut it down and to get everyone back on track to, to make sure that they're, you know, still trying to win the race would just shout at his driver.


Like, that's enough. Focus your audio. 'cause he, because drive, they drive an Audi. I Get it, I get it, I Get it. And he was just, he was exasperated the yo is how you know it's serious. I get not laugh at that weight. I can hear you saying that. I, it, it, it's good. No, it's good. But I thought you had it because your description was going in the right direction. It's like, oh my God, he's gonna get this. And then the pun came and I was like, I felt what you guys feel when I talk a part of my soul died. It's fun, right? It is for everyone else. Focus your audio just means listen carefully, Man.


That's just not funny. Yeah, That's not right. The whole point of this is, you guys are funny, which is why I enjoy this. It hurts me, but also it's very enjoyable. Bob, what does it mean to be claws sharp? Well, clearly that's a compliment. And what it derives from is there was a period in time when everyone thought that Santa Claus was just the sharpest dressed man they could imagine. And as a compliment to each other, people would just like you show up at the whatever at the bar where you like, oh hey, looking pretty claws sharp tonight. Mark Claws sharp. As we all know, the musical scale goes ebook ega ega claws.


It means it's sharp. No At the end. Did you cut out or did you say the music scale is ebook? Claws. E ebook claw. Everyone knows ebook claw and face. Of course. Ebook claw and face. I thought it was Dore. Ega Claw. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Dore me also Latte Claw. Everyone knows it's The sharp note Ebook claw. You know, Everyone knows the music.


Everyone knows that I'm alaw fucking idiots. Anyway, gimme My point. I'm so right. Flaw sharp describes someone who's well-informed on a variety of topics. I, I'll give you all something. I don't know if it's point, I'll take anything at this point. I don't even Mark what is having the bright disease. Having the bright disease. Yeah, someone could have bright disease. What does that mean? I mean, is that like radiation poisoning? Like you got the bad light in You Talks about me. You got that bad light in. You Got The bad light. It could be this, this one is, this is a tough one. I will say, I don't know that either one of you're gonna get it.


So I'm interested to see what you come up with. But Bob, what's the bright disease? This is a, a derogatory name that was used to insult people of high intelligence. A room full of people. And there's one person who thinks they're a smarty pants and they like someone said something and the smart person is like, I'm actually, and in the background a guy would be like, nah, I don't mind them. He's got the bright disease. The bright disease describes someone who knows too much, particularly the kind of information that could lead someone to ratting someone else out. Mm. At least in the mafia, having the bright disease often meant you needed to go.


Ah, I see. Yeah. He's too smart for his own. Ah, Yeah, he's got that bright disease. I get ya. Ah, it makes sense. It does. I Feel like one of us was real close to that. Yeah. Which one, If it's not self-evident, you might not have as much of the bright disease as I thought you Did. Ah, radiation. I think you're right. Radiation was real close. Okay, so I've got a few here for you, Bob. This is one of those where I give you multiple, I could just do this one at a time, but I'm just gonna get through this one. Bob, what is a Blaber? A cabbage hat. Pigeon, A viper, A telegram. Yeah. No, those are of course the names of the five top fighters for the Jets gang in West Side Story.


Lober, cabbage Hat, Pigeon Viper Telegram. Because your, your girl's gonna get a telegram about how much trouble you're in after you fight 'em. It's actually the book that the author wrote competing with holes. One had X-ray, the other one had Telegram. Yeah, it's definitely a West Side story thing. Mark The five Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Oh, Pigeon. Oh pigeon. And so sayeth the Lord, there shall appear the five Horsemen of the Apocalypse, Blaber, cabbage Hat, Pigeon, Pigeon, telegram, and Viper.


My favorite non cannon Bible book is the, the Book of Viper. It's got some great stories in there. That One came out on a Sunday. God was taking it off. Had a little bit of whiskey, came up with Cabbage hat. Like what? I gotta name everything. Come on you try naming everything in existence. These are all terms for someone who is a rat. Where's All my cheese? Who goes first this time? Who went first, last time? Mark, you're up now. Mark, what is a master? John Goodfellow. A master. John Goodfellow. Yeah. Okay. In the movie Goodfellows, when Samuel L. Jackson had that briefcase And it was all glowy inside.


Yep. Yep. Okay. Go on, go on. Sorry. They Called that the master. John Goodman. What Was it? Goodfellow John Goodman's Person. It was John Goodman's briefcase. No, I remember that. I remember that when, when John Cusack opened it on the counter in the apartment. And the one guy goes like, do I? Am I funny to you? Do I look funny? Clown? I remember that. It reminds me in The Godfather, whenever Michael says, father, I want to be a real boy. I love it. And Godfather Two, when he turns to the other guy, goes, onions of layers.


Gers. Oh, just cinema. You know, they were In a red onion at the time. Bob, what is Master John Goodfellow? Mark is so close on this one. Mark is so close on this one. It is pop. It's related to pop culture. The musical Hamilton was, has been very popular. And then they made, they did the movie the like Broadway recording of the movie thing and everyone's watched it. And a piece of allure that actually came out from that was popularized by that is that was actually a Alexander Hamilton's name for his penis. And there were some cut lines from the musical where he talks about how he introduced a fair lady to his master John Goodman.


Good. Wait, what was it? John Goodfellow. Oh, we're so close. We're so close. Mark, you're just so convincing. I just immediately, whatever your reality is, I'm there. Bob, as a follow up to that, what is the staff of life? Just another name for Alexander Hamilton's Penis Park. The staff of life. Same but General Penis, I think. I think we're going down the right trek here. Bob, you're right. Master John Goodfellow is another name for male anatomy. All right. As is the gentleman Usher, the staff of life, the Cion Scepter and the Maypole.


All of these are penis. It Had to be right. Eventually we Gotta do an episode where we do nothing but gum up with alternate names for penis. I think we've done that one. If we could come up with a single one that was completely novel, I think it would be a success.


This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's So big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new. Zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit squeezed lemonade and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass.


So


This episode is brought to you by Magic. The Gathering. The worlds of final Fantasy are coming to magic. The Gathering wield iconic spells, someon legendary beasts and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions, and wonder that fans love. This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college, bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friend. This is just a great Cola. Two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff. And just long running like all the way back to my childhood. Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the adventure, this set is for you. The final fantasy and magic gathering crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com.


Let's do one more and then I'll then we can wind it down. Mark, what is the Phoenix Nest? The Phoenix nest is a vagina because it's a source of rebirth. The most logical explanation you've had for any of these yet. I think I should give you a point just for somehow doing that. And I'm proud of you. You Want logical? I've got an answer for you. All right, Bob, what is the phoenix nest? Okay, this cannot, it does not get more logical than what I'm about to drop on you way up high in trees. It's the nest that the phoenix lives in. I promise you. Logic, You delivered.


Are you not entertained? I I make funny ones. You scoff at me. I make logical ones. You scoff at me. There's no winning here. I I just didn't expect it to be so logical like that. That's how I sold it. I said it was the most logical thing that Was so A plus B equals C. It blew my mind to be honest with you. That wasn't even A plus. B equals that was A plus. B equals B plus A. Like that was, That was just a equals a. Yeah, That was a perfect ology. Well, we don't need to praise his answer that much. We could, we could throw a couple little compliments on my answer too. I'll get to that. Bob, what is Mrs. Fs parlor? Oh, that wasn't the last one. Got it. Mrs. Fs parlor. Mrs. Fs parlor. That is the most popular ice cream shop in the Jersey Shore area.


Jersey Shore area. That's very specific. Okay. Mark. Mrs. Fs parlor. That's another slang for vagina. You wanna step into Mrs. Fs parlor, Just like Bob was good with John Goodfellow. Mark, you're right. These are all female anatomy. I knew it. The Phoenix Nest, the Netherlands. I Knew it Mount Pleasant. I knew it. And Mrs. Fs parlor. I Knew it. Just the Netherlands One. Netherland. That's already something else. I don't know if that's Hey, the Mrs went down to Mrs. Club's Parley yesterday. You both went. It does take two.


All right, well we'll wrap up there. Mark. You got vagina? Bob, you got penis. Congrats. Yay. Bonus point. I'm trying to think what I wanna do for bonus point. Oh yeah, you need to add a thing to the wheel, which is a thing I am in charge of. I, I don't know. I feel like this might go against you a little bit, Bob, but I don't know if we have one on here for Where are they? Like for someone being somewhere else? Yeah, because I've recorded three episodes ever. Not from my office. No. There's some favoring. You guys picks. I I think That's That's fair. That's fair. So what like the well traveled man Away from home or mystery studio. I don't know, something like that.


Undisclosed location, witness Protection. Put it down as witness protection. Oh, witness protection. Yeah. I'm sure when that comes up in like four months. We'll both. We'll all be like, the fuck was that? What the fuck? Why don't we write witness protection? What does that mean? I'll read off what you guys have points for so far without telling you the totals. Mark, you have points for Peekaboo, tech gibberish. Tech gibberish. Damn. Put the sex back. Is that what that says? Sure. Something. Lion King Alina Way. Alina This cannot say to love man pies, but it looks like it says to love man pies. That is Exactly what it says. 'cause I said it means no worries. Egg blaw and vagina.


Bob, you got points for aha. Brave sun. Reigning jizz happy returns off the cob something Macada. Focus your Audi yo Right disease. Santa Sharp and penis. Feeling good about how long those lists are. I'm gonna spin the how many wheel. Wheel says one bonus point that Was gonna go to listeners or viewers? Viewers calling it now committing viewers double Or nothing. Oh, so fucking close. Best looking. I I didn't shower like I showered yesterday morning.


So it's been like more than a day since I've showered. Are you trying to talk yourself out of the point or into it? I'm just being honest. Like I don't know how I look to you guys. I feel pretty grimy. I'm not feeling like I look that great. I showered just yesterday. I'm on vacation. I'm so rested and relaxed. I'm glowing practically If that's how you two wanted to determine it, I guess I can go that route. I was going to say I was gonna give it to Bob because Bob's camera quality is just so much better today. So he Looks, I I am. I'm more well lit. My camera is definitely doing, doing a lot of work here. Hold on, let me turn on Studio light. Yeah. By God, your shoulder's so sharp. Center stage.


No, come on. Come on. Do it. Come on. What Come on. Come on, do it. Come on. Come on. There you go. Yeah. For some reason I turn on center, stage it, it kind of falls me, and then when I turn it off it just zooms in. But why would it zoom in? That's really confusing. Yeah. Well, you're the host, Wade. I don't know what we're talking about anymore, but it's your call. What? I'll leave it up to a coin. Whether I go with camera quality or just Mark's Cleanliness. Mark's Cleanliness will be heads, camera quality will be tails. Cleanliness. Mark gets the point. Thank You. I'm very glad it didn't land on viewers or listeners because I gotta say it was tied at 10.


Oh, I got a bad feeling about the Outcome. So the clean point going to Mark means that Mark wins by one. Congratulations Me the winner. Really hope the recording quality is better than what I've seen. Right? A blurry Salon like movement Winner. All right, well thank you. Winner speech. Oh, well thank you very much. All of my answers didn't make any sense at all. I, if anything, if it was a, if it was an act to sabotage, I was trying to do to sabotage my chances, I don't think I could have put forward a beverage performance. How I won, I don't know. But hey, ham, ADA, Bob, not Winter's speech. Well, he sort of took my line there.


I was gonna, that's just how it goes Sometimes, you know, sometimes you're not the best looking one ever. Well said. If you haven't already, go follow Market. Market pli, Bob Ker. Follow me if you want Mint. Seven. Seven, look Mint. 7, 7, 7. I'm still posting blueprints and I'm sure Mark will be too. And I guess Mark will host the next one. Stay tuned for that. Until then, podcast out.