
This episode is brought to you by Mentos Gum. Keep things fresh. It's important, right? And I'm not just talking about fresh breath. It's important to switch up your routine whenever you can. I just, I'm the person who can't help but chew. You put up an ament in your mouth, you're supposed to suck on it. I'm like, swallow, so I kind of need gum. You turn into a cartoon dog. I'm sorry. Excited we hang out. I'm giving you a Mint just to see what happens. And Of course, another way to refresh every day is with Mintos gum available in a range of fresh flavors, like Experiment, fresh min and strawberry Mintos Gum. Yes to Fresh.


This episode is brought to you by bloomberg.com. It's important to get the full story. You know, I once thought that pigs couldn't eat while they were hanging upside down. Eventually, I found a study where they figured out that pigs can eat while they're hanging upside down. I was just wrong. It's important to get the full story. It's important to know what you're talking about. Bloomberg.com does an excellent job in helping you get all the details. They connect the dots in a unique way, giving people a deeper, richer level of understanding when it comes to current events. Context changes everything. Learn more@bloomberg.com.


This is an ad. By better help. Think about your mentors and idols. The people who inspire you most. Well, it may look like they have all the answers they don't, but they do know when to ask questions and seek the support they need. In a world that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better with the support system behind us. Therapy is a great way to invest in yourself and find a consistent source of support in your life so you can break free from the outdated belief that Seeking Help is a sign of weakness. Better Help has experienced therapists ready to help you with challenges ranging from anxiety and depression to relationships, to stress. It's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, and you deserve that. You can even send your therapist a message anytime something comes up. Build your support system with better help. Visit better help.com/stooges today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/stooges.


Good evening, gentle listener, and welcome to Distractible. This episode wide tie Wade, the huge handed demands his dudes uplift anachronistic, idioms munching Mark Propound making pens. Drops a F word cripples with crinkling and cooks to catch up. Bumbling Barb talks door cams once tail, or a penguin penis a nose is sarcophagi and shiners from soup sniffling to micro choppers. Yeah, it's time for Right In The Sauce Box. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade. Why? Because I ended up winning one of the craziest finishes in Distractible history. And if you haven't watched it, you should go back and do that. Joined has always been my co-host, mark and Bob. Hey guys. Hello. Hello. How goes? Things Pretty good. Yeah. Pretty good. Mark, I can't help but notice that you seem occupied over there. Why? Why? Yeah. I have a job. What of it? Okay, as stated, I think you know what you're doing and why you're doing it. Oh yeah. No ulterior motives here. Well, What's new? We usually open up with small talk. And I guess I will follow that continued trend. How goes things, what's new in your lives? What's going on in the world?


I swear to God, I was just in the break. I was just thinking of something and I was like, that'll be really good. Small talk. Great. What was it? Have you ever fall downstairs? No, No, No. I've tripped. Went up the stairs before. Always Up. The only time I've gone down the stairs in a semi planned unplanned matter was when I was in the coffin box and Ethan slid me down the stairs. I fucking love that clip. At the end when you, I forget if you stood up or just reveals your face and you're all, whoa, whoa, whoa.


This sounds Catastrophic. It's, Ooh, dude, that all those bits, I was so sure you were gonna die. The, and then in the pool. Is that the same video or you Same video. Push me in the pool when I'm in that thing. Yeah, I was Watching it. I was like, this is such a bad idea. It's a fucking drown. What the fuck? And then we just ended, ended. I love it. Yeah, It was fine. You were fine. It was great. Those are good times. Pre pre covid. Pre covid. So many good moments from that. Yeah. You can't put people in pools and coffins. Now, I Forget what they're called. What are those bouncy ball things called the the one where you kicked Ethan in the nuts. Real good zor balls or something.


Yeah, Something like that. That that the nut kick is funny. But that, I love that one more because Ethan saga of trying to get his thing inflated because he like took it to the store and had the guy inflate it. But then I went to in his car and he was like, so I deflated it and then I brought it over here. Very funny. Where can we find these videos? They're everywhere. Just, you don't have to look very far. I'm suing as fast as I can. Very small talk. I'm glad that's what's new with you guys. Sad to say no gun updates this week, guys.


It's actually not my next hyper fixation. As many as the gun tubing world wishes it was. It sadly is not Cncs. I ordered one. It's happening. It is happening. Yes. And and and there's a company that I'm gonna talk about because I want them to give, not give me, I'll buy them. But it's an unreleased thing. So there's a company called X Horse 3D, right? Strange name, but thank You. Welcome. They're making a desktop sized five axis, CNC mill, if you remember what I was talking about.


With five axis CNC mills, they start at a hundred k and this one they say is gonna be around nine to $10,000. And for a five axis, CNC, even though it's not very big, the build volume is quite small. It's like four inches cubed. Right? But to be able to do five axis at an accessible rate, like you could still build a lot of stuff. Very small stuff. Yeah. Well, yeah, but a lot of small stuff. But it opens up the world of precision machining like that I've never had any access to. 'cause if I were to buy a large machine and I could, right? I could. Are you rich or something? What do you mean? You could, I Could, I could.


You could. Don't you pretend like I ca I can and you can't. It's not about me. Hey, don't flip this on me. This is about you. You can, you can, if a two can, you can, that doesn't mean I can, you got All that car money you've been saving up. You got plenty for CNCS over there. I do, I do. I am sitting on some car money, but investing it in car stocks instead. Anyway. So this, even though that seems like an exorbitantly high price, 9,000 or $10,000, that is incredibly accessible for a five axis machine. And so to have something like that is really, really interesting to me because it opens up this whole world. Precision machining is such an advanced field in terms of manufacturing, but the reason why some of those, those machines cost so much is because if you have them, you make money.


They are money making machines. It's, it's kind of this level of production that a lot of other companies can't have access to unless you're a very large player in the, the space. And people will commission that for a lot of money because they need parts made. And so I, it's, it's not that you just buy a machine, you'll instantly make all the money you want. It's still, you gotta run a smart business about it. But it's like, it's just, it's accessible and it's cool. Now hold on. If you make a YouTube channel or Twitch channel, you're instantly famous and rich. If you buy a CNC machine, the same thing should be true. Yeah. Well for me and for you. You privileged bastard. You, you handsome host. What I get. I was born this way. Mark, I'll give you a bonus point if you can tell me what CNC stands for.


Oh, computer numerical control. He Was just reading. What did you look at? No, I Didn't look at that. No, I would look at looking at my soup. Bob, do you want to, we have a, we have a thing for this. I don't wanna do that yet. Oh, okay. Anyway. X horse 3D please. I will. I know there's a bunch of C NNC YouTubers out there That actually have audiences there, but hey, What about me? Look at this guy here. Mark will start a CNC YouTube channel. You want funny CNC stuff, right? Who's making funny CNC stuff? That's the question. No one. Exactly. Yeah. I'll make all the dicks.


I'll make all the four inch dicks that I possibly can. Actually, if you, if you have a diagonal in the cube, it's probably gonna be a little longer. Yeah, Just need a thin, a thin tip. You Could make a dildo or a pickle. You could make 'em both a dill pickle. That's already a thing. I Think you could make a dill pickle. Is that what that stands for? Is that why those tastes the way they taste or Yeah, the lube. I did not, I never put that together. So, ooh. Ah, e According to Gemini, the distance between the longest points of a four inch cube is 6.9 inches. That's respectable. That is, it'd be really thin, but hey, that's a respectable We always love when six and nine are together, even with a point in between.


Speaking of a point in between. Yeah. You got your bonus point for CNC. All right, Bob, I do have a follow up question for you though. Why did you ask about falling down the stairs? We went into like a side tangent, but act Actually literally no reason. You know what it is? It was on my mind because Ryn was leaving the house yesterday and it's been snowy and icy and we have a doorbell camera and she almost just ate it down our front step. But it was one of those where it was like, Ooh, but there's a handrail. And she caught the handrail and just walked away. But I got, I, I looked at the clip and I was like, man, that would've been so funny. Almost had a whole episode's worth of content right there.


Oh. And then I considered throwing myself down the stairs on the doorbell cam just to see if it would, but I was like, nah, it's probably not worth it. We'll see. Maybe I'll get desperate. If I ever win again, I'll have to host an episode and then I'll be really desperate. So We'll go back and see the footage of you like pouring water on the steps to hoping it would freeze so people will slope down. Like, I need a, I need footage, Need content. Well, good stuff gentlemen. Good stuff. I don't have anything that interesting. I mean, I've got my Spotify award still nearby. Thank you Spotify for that, by the way. I dunno if I said thank you last time, but, but I don't know. I still think that's kind of cool that people somehow listen to and or watch this podcast, which is pretty cool. Anything else you boys want to go over or else I can dive right in?


I've got a fun episode. I mean, Look, all the, all the funny new stories are really dry this season. Not many laughs and goofs in headlines that I can find. So yeah, so you know, once that well starts turning again, we'll oh, oh, the IES will fly. Yeah, I just tried to see if there's anything interesting going on in. The first couple things I see are murder and social security. Those are always hilarious topics, but I think I'll dodge them. Yeah. Today's episode we're gonna have a throwback to when times had more headlines, we're gonna have a bit of a throwback to when people did fall, fall down the stairs.


'cause there weren't handrails yet. We're gonna go back to a time that is very unspecific, but a time when they were old slang phrases that I don't know that I've heard of. Not many of them. Maybe you guys have heard of them. So we're gonna go through this list and I'm gonna have you guys give me what you think each of these means. Whoever gets the most right will probably earn the most points. We'll decide as a group if we should bring the phrases back or not. I can't tell if I've never gonna have heard a single one of these or if this is about to be a bunch of stuff where Wade's like what does this mean? And then I'm like, Couple of them sound familiar to me, but a lot of them don't. Maybe some of the early ones you guys will know, but only one way to find out how do we determine who went first last time.


Was it a good old coin flip? That's what Mark did. But you can do however, whatever you choose, man. No, That seems fair. I like coins. We'll do it. Which one of you wants to be heads? I got a pretty big coin heads tails. I'll do the flip land in the Palm show thing. I want to be the tails side. My hair's kind of like George Washington's right now. Okay, so this'll be Mark. This will be Bob. What in the flip? What was that? I guess I win. Kinda looked like he flipped it around in his hand as he was trying to catch it or whatever. But yeah. What? What kind of, what Kind of No, I caught it And it like bounced and I had to atch it. It's So big for my tiny six foot four long hands.


What Do you mean you just take it, you go And it flips all the listeners out there, what he is doing is he, he has the coin in his palm. He doesn't flip it with his thumb or anything. He just kind of chucks it up. It spins twice And it goes down. I Don't trust my thumb. So I flip it with my index like this. What's Wrong? What is your thumb done To betray you? You flip it with your index. You didn't flip it At all. Not small coins, but this big one. Yeah. You mean how do you what I mean I guess I could like, I just don't like that. Yeah, You could. You could. You're not getting that ping. It's like an M1 grand. You know, The satisfying tink of your coin is very impressive, mark.


I know. Thank you. Mine doesn't ting at all. Mine is, I know mine's real gold so it's just, I Can't catch. That's a, that's a different problem. I don't believe in ghost. Bob, tell me what is meant by the phrase wet sock. Well that's when your sock is wet. What do you mean? Back in the olden days before shoes when it was just socks and then feet and they'd go outside And it was wet and you step in something, your sock gets wet and the old timey processors just be like, no, that's a wet sock. So the slang term went literally wet sock. It's definitely either that or the sock or other cloth garment that the family took turns jerking off into The whole family.


Yeah, Well times were tough, right? You didn't have enough resources to, for everyone to have their own sock or towel or whatever. So you take the oldest, most decrepit sock you got and that's the wet sock. You just keep that set aside so that everyone knows that's the wet sock. Fair enough. Mark, do you have a guess as to what wet sock is? Is this for the steel? Yeah. Why did I go first? Just determined who went first. And it doesn't give anyone an advantage or disadvantage. It just determines who went first. Well what was the point of fighting over it? I was getting really upset. I don't know why you fought over it. We do this all the time. It's always supposed to be fair. Just we determine who goes first. Man, I don't know man. It seems unfair. Fuck. Fuck.


Wait, was that not a bit? No, no. That was out of my mouth. He said it. He said it outta my mouth before I realized it. Alright, So what is, what ex you were complaining about me going first? I Don't rem. I don't know. Well, It's Wade's choice. Wade. What is the result of this? All heads all tails or neutral. Okay. Heads favors. Mark. He chose heads before you wanted tails. So if it gets heads three times, I guess Mark gets a point. If it's tails three times Bob gets a point. We'll just make it simple. All Right. That's not very convoluted at all, but okay. It's Not supposed to be convoluted. I wanna go first. I want that to be, that's what I think is unfair.


I should have gone first. 'cause his flipping was all unfair. I demand if it's un, if it's declared unfair, I get to go first. And if it's declared fair, I get to go first the entire rest of the episode. Yeah, That's, that's it. So, No, you guys don't want any points added to This. This isn't about points. This is the principle of the matter. Yeah. All heads markets to go first the rest of the time. All tails. Bob gets to go first. First. No, that wouldn't be fair. I just wanna go. I want to go once I get first. Once. Okay. First, once or Bob gets it the rest of the episode of tall tails. 'cause that's doubly unfair. That is doubly okay. And if it's anything in between, nothing changes. Yeah. All right. Ready? So it is Creed.


Huh? Tails. Oh, two heads. Ah, nothing happens. I was perfect. We'll move on. I got, I got the lion. The lion is tails. Man. I really should have looked at what was on this coin. It's confusing that neither of these is ahead. It's just a lady and a lion. You did say last episode. Lady heads. The lady has a head, but the lion has a head. Wait, Did you flip your heads? What? Did you change your heads? No, the lion was always tails. My lion is tails. Lion has a tail. Lion is tails. Lady has a head, lady is heads. It's just a stupid coin. I wish I'd done a better job finding my coin. I got so excited that it was stupid. You Could, you could still buy another one. You could buy another. I know, but I mean, I'm trying to buy less stuff from the internet.


It's not working. If You, oh wait, okay. Buy a CNC mill your own coin. Mm. Okay then. Okay. Okay, then that would be, have A lady looking away as heads. And you push a lion's tail as the tails. I'm gonna make a series of coins for each of the matchups. So I'll have one coin that's me and mark one coin. That's me and Wade. And one coin, that's Mark and Wade. And then that way I can flip the appropriate coin for whatever the situation is. That's incredibly fair. All right, well I'm gonna talk to that company. What was it? Donkey 3D. Fx. CNC. I think it was Won. Was it wonky? Donkey X? That was it. Yeah. You guys got it? Oh, Zach, How Mark? X horse 3D.


I knew it was something with hooves. Mark, what's a wet sock? Oh, it's a party pooper. Okay. There's a poopy party, man or woman. I may have to go to the judges for this one. We may have to deliberate. There's an or here. So don't judge at me right away. A wet sock is a limp handshake. Or in Australia specifically, a dull person. Is a party pooper a dull person? No, I don't think so. A party pooper is more of a specific, like, they're, they're not just boring. They are actively ruining the party because they are a being a shitter. All right, well everyone agrees then. So no points assigned wet sock, limp handshake, or a dull person.


Is it a phrase we should bring back? Oh yeah. I mean, it's not, it's not a particularly striking phrase, but like, I guess it makes, I'm not opposed to it being a thing. I wouldn't use it. I don't think it's that exciting. I wouldn't care if it came back. But I, I, I also don't think it's like, oh yeah, we need that. Give him, hit him with the old wet sock. You know? What's a firm handshake then? If a, if a soft floppy handshake is a wet sock, what's a firm handshake? Like a, like a starched thong. Starched thong. Why the star Thong you have there? A crusty britches? Maybe we'll find out. Maybe it's in here. Wide tie. Wide Tie. Dude, I laughing at how it got you.


We're gonna move on.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by Marvel Television's all new series Daredevil, born again premiering on Disney Plus. March 4th, 6:00 PM Pacific, 9:00 PM Eastern. Get ready for Matt Murdoch, the one who's daredevil by the way, and Vincent Rio to face off when their past identities emerged to place him on an Inevitable Collision Course. Boys, I am pretty excited for this one. I've always loved watching this, these characters. I'm super excited to see them again. I'm excited that they've got a new series coming out. Trailers. It's hard to tell sometimes. I watched the trailer for this. It made me wanna watch it brought me in and I was like, nah, you're right. I have missed Daredevil. It's coming back. So many trailers give away everything. But I felt like this one didn't, I don't know, I, I felt properly teased like a trailer's supposed to do. It's like I, like I saw things I wanted to see. I have questions I want answered. If I had all of the senses that Daredevil has, I would definitely be an athlete still. I dunno if you've seen those videos where baseball players, I think most of them are probably scripted, but it wouldn't be for me. They're like doing an interview and they're just like, turn around and grab a ball that they had no idea was coming at them. I would be one, I would wanna be one of the football guys who do the exact same thing where they're like standing there and there's like a punt or something, or just a huge long pass and they're just like, Oh man, imagine if I had superhero, I'd be able to hear everything. Especially the people who are hiding in my walls. I know they're there. I just need to be able to hear them and pinpoint their location so that I can find them. They're committing a crime. Just because Daredevil can fight crime by hearing enemies doesn't mean I can't either. So I'm gonna do exactly that. And you can do exactly checking out the series on Disney Plus March 4th, 6:00 PM Pacific. 9:00 PM Easter. That was super sense Life brought to you by Daredevil. Born again streaming March 4th on Disney Plus, The Devil's work is never done. Will Chaos Rain? When Daredevil and Kingpin meet again, find out on March 4th on Disney Plus.


This is an ad by Better Help. Think about your mentors and idols. The people who inspire you most. Well, it may look like they have all the answers they don't, but they do know when to ask questions and seek the support they need. In a world that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better with the support system behind us. Therapy is a great way to invest in yourself and find a consistent source of support in your life. So you can break free from the outdated belief that Seeking Help is a sign of weakness. Better Help has experienced therapists ready to help you with challenges ranging from anxiety and depression to relationships, to stress. It's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. And you deserve that. You can even send your therapist a message anytime something comes up. Build your support system with better help. Visit better help.com/stooges today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/stooges.


This episode is brought to you by Emirates. We all love the thought of a vacation to Europe, but have you ever thought about looking a little further like Dubai, a city everyone talks about has absolutely everything you could want from a vacation destination, from world class hotels, record breaking skyscrapers and epic desert adventures to museums that showcase the future, not just the past. Choose from 96 flights per week between the United States and Dubai. Book your flights on emirates.com today.


Okay, nothing happened. So I get to do this the way I was originally intending. So Mark gets to go first this time. What is happy Cabbage? That's another word for weed. Voted for weed. You got the happy cabbage. You don't wanna get the sad cabbage that that'll mess you up. Sorry, this is so much louder than I ever thought it would be. That's very cringingly. What you doing bud? I I have another coin here that I bought. Oh my God. That's the last fucking classic in Existence. Jesus. The fuck. Put the down. This is of an As S M R podcast now. Oh God.


I had another coin here. 'cause I, it's a, it's Aztec calendar, sun and moon coin. And I was like, Hey, that may be cool. I'll flip that a few times. It'll be fun Actually. Made by the Aztecs. Oh no. Oh, Okay. Oh, actually it's just a moon. And then I think it's an Aztec calendar kind of design there it is A coin. Yeah. I haven't upgraded my phone, my camera in a while, but I shouldn't need to. It's an A seven S3. Why is it, why is it getting used? I'm still used to an A seven R two. That's the one I bought from you. Actually, I think I have a Sony. Is it an a x 700 or something? It's a camcorder anyway. Does, does this? Oh yeah. Whoa. Shit.


Okay. I I just pulled my mount off my desk. It's fine. It's just wobbly. Bob, what is Happy cabbage? Happy cabbage. Yeah. Well that's probably a British one because theres are always stupid. That's probably like what they call soccer balls. 'cause they call things complete nonsense and they love football. And if football is vaguely the size and shape of a cabbage, so that's probably their happy cabbage. Go out and kick around The old Happy cabbage. Yeah. Happy cabbage is a sizable amount of money to be spent on self-satisfying things. That doesn't, I mean, I guess if you win the lottery or something, or like you win a, you win a sweepstakes or that just seems like a phrase that wouldn't need to exist.


Probably. Why doesn't anymore, I Guess. Yeah. I remember though, old cabbage could be a, or lettuce or clams. Isn't that all? Although I heard on a podcast, so you know, it's true. Didn't they say like clams? Was that because one, once upon a time the oceans were actually full of life and food and you know, same thing actually. Am I right? Anyway, there was so many clams that you could just go out in the river and pick 'em up and they kind of used to as like, everything claims feels, you know, we're waste or, I don't know. Actually, nevermind. Shut up. Me. Shut up Mark. Fuck you man. Stop ruining the podcast. Mark. I was really trying to come with you, but I don't think I've ever heard that. Shut up. Me. Oh yeah. I never wanna hear you talk again. Me. I don't like how mean you are to mark.


Mark. Well, maybe he deserves it. That's not Fair. Hey, I don't think he deserves it. Look how upset he is. I'm so upset. Always faking it. Well you would know Bobby. We're to you. We pa we passed the cabbage. Now we're going on to the next one. Tell me, what is Pang weel? That's actually not as old as it sounds. Benedict Cumberbatch took another run at saying penguins and all he could get to was Penals. I feel like your Gilbert God friend Hollywood squares right now with your answers. I know this one, But yeah, no, that's Pang Wangle was they like, like eight hours in the booth.


And that was Pang Wes was the next best thing they could get out of Benedict Cumberbatch for the, for the nature documentary. How bad was that Gilbert Godfrey impression by the way? Not bad. It was pretty good. Oh, was it? Yeah, it was fine for an out of the blue. Like I've never heard you do Gilbert Godfrey before. I've never tried. That is literally my first ever attempt at it. Obviously Recognizable, which is a success. What was your answer again? I got so distracted by what transpired. That's what the penguin calls his penis in the Batman films. Penguin calls penis and then somehow Benedict Cumber patch It. Benedict Cumberbatch watches. Mark, This one is much more simple than it may seem.


It's a dance based off of a penguin's waddle and you know, do the Pang wangle. Would it change either of your answer if I told you Pang was spelled PANG? Never. No. Gotta tell you, you're both wrong. Again, Pang weel is to live or go along cheerfully in spite of minor misfortunes. No, it's not. Yeah, no, that's not right. That's that's not right. That can't be right. That's awful. I think you should check your privilege and then check your answers. Fair enough. Mark, tell me what is in the ketchup. Can you use it in a sentence? Give the language of origins. I feel like if I do, I might give away the meaning.


Oh, then do it. No. Can I call a Friend? Can I call someone about this? You can ask Bob if you'd like. No, no, no, no, no. He doesn't know what it is. So, oh, what was it again? In the ketchup. Ah, in the ketchup. If you have someone to phone, you know what, go for it. You can each phone someone, I don't care. In the ketchup there was a spooky ghost. It's not a two sentence horror story. Ah, It is fucking, I don't know. It means being stuck or something. 'cause like a ketchup bottle is hard to get out sometimes. Maybe.


Okay. Being stuck or otherwise hard to get out something. Okay, Bob? I am pretty sure that this is what doctors on the maternity ward call it when they're delivering a baby. Oh, damnit. Like the, the, the phone rings in the corner and then one of the nurses answers like, doctor, it's your, it's your significant other. And the doctor's like, nah, tell 'em I'm in the catch up call in a minute. I'm not gonna ask you to clarify any further. I think I understand. I think Everyone understands what I'm getting at. In the ketchup means in the red or operating at a deficit. That's Awful. I don't think that's right actually. Yeah. That doesn't sound right. Check your check. Your what is, do you have any more info about that?


What is that from? No, this is the website is mental floss article is 83 old slang phrases we should bring back, which you guys definitely shouldn't open and cheat. They're in favor of bringing all these back. This is what they picked for phrases they miss from being in the lexicon. Yes. Well I questioned that pretty deeply, but, Okay, next I think, Bob, you're first again. Oh good. Flub the dub. What does it mean to flub the dub? This is actually from White House Archives. This is staff in the White House, which didn't exist at the time period. I'm about to reference, overheard Martha Washington saying before she went into the bedroom on nights when George Washington was feeling particularly frisky, it's time to go flub the dub.


God damnit. And it a little known. In fact, George Washington actually had people refer to him as the dub. Yeah, because that's where George Bush got it from. Hey, Anyone that has George W in their name should be called the dub. That was a historical reference. Why he went by W Yeah. He's actually much smarter than people give him credit for. So All George Ws are They all are. Yep. Every one of them. Every last one of 'em. Mark, what's your interpretation of flub? The dub It pass. Oh, that means I get it. No to pass. Pass. Oh, like you're passing the rock. What The fuck?


Like you are saying, give me the ball. No. Or you're saying to not participate is to flub the dub. Ah, Is this dub? Yeah. It's like to pass on a victory or pass on in the death context or pass as in your test you passed it. Any of the above. None of the above. Flub. The dove means to evade one's duty. Very Not George Washington. Like What is that? Where are these coming from? I'm so, I don't know man. Not that I haven't been trying my best. I'm going to get the next one. Correct. I have faith in you, but Mark gets the first shot at it. That's fine. Gimme a direction Mark. What is meant by the phrase a pine overcoat?


I know this one. I know this one. I know this one. How is my Godfrey? Was that pretty good? Not Ted. Can I call Bob now? Can I call him? Sure. Editors make it seem like I'm calling him Editors make it seem like I sent him to voicemail Editors. I'm sorry that we are the podcast you had it for. Well, I've forgotten entirely what you said. What did you say? Pine overcoat. Pine overcoat. Ah, straight jacket Bob. And of course that's incorrect because a pine overcoat is a coffin. Give somebody a pine overcoat when you, when you kill them and then they go into a pine, pine box.


Pine coffin. That's correct. Yeah. I told you I was gonna get that one right. That's good. Yeah, that actually, yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Pine overcoat. It is a coffin. Should we bring it back? I don't hate that one. I just don't have a lot of uses for slang for coffins. But like, you know, maybe, I mean, if there's more duals going on, which who knows, maybe we'll get there. Someday. Could Happen. Could happen. Bob, I think you're gonna go two for two. I think you've got this one. Oh, Right. Shit. What is meant by the phrase a butter and egg man? Oh yeah, I know that. Yay. That's why I'm so enthusiastic. I will tell you both. This one is so oddly specific. So oddly specific.


I, This is referring to a gentleman who is of course doing the keto diet. And so thusly is not eating the toast, but he is eating the butter and the egg. Hmm. Which came first? The butter or the egg? Definitely the butter. Okay. Mark, what is a butter and egg man? A Fri Nancy Apon. I'm right. What is that? I'm this, it's butter and egg man. According to green's dictionary of slang, a butter and egg man refers to a wealthy but unsophisticated small town businessman who acts like a playboy when he visits the big city.


A poncy. I think I'm right. I think I'm right on that. I think this might be the first one I get right. I think I might actually be right about that. How do you spell that? P-O-N-C-Y. N-O-N-C-E-A. Poncy. Na. I dunno. It just sounds like it should be right. Right. It's, that's what I was thinking of when I was like, fucking friley. Fancy man. You know? But an idiot in a bad, negative way. A poncy is an overly fancy, pretentious, or affected person. And a non wait is a sex offender. A particularly that particularly implies that they are a pedophile.


I have different definitions for it. I don't know what definitions is Your That's the first one I got to. Maybe let's not. No, I mean, that might be, I don't know what The fuck Google, what are we doing? I don't know, but I don't like this phrase anymore. Ah. Oh no. Yeah, that's a British slang for that. I thought, I, I thought announced was just a dumbass. But I guess whatever, You know, mark, that might be for what you've said multiple times. That might be the last point you ever get. So I'll give you one. Sure. I think that's the only point I've Ever gotten. I don't know if we'll see much more of you after this episode, so. Yeah, that's All right. You've earned the right to answer this next question first, then.


Wait, can I just say, I think you did earn that mark, because if you dig super, super, super, super deep. The fifth definition that I found after the other ones that we've talked about already is that anon might just be a stupid or otherwise worthless person if we go with that one. It's a, it's a fancy affected person who's worthless. A wealthy, but unsophisticated small town businessman who acts like a playboy when he visits the big city. Unsophisticated. See? Stupid. But we all know wealthy determines your worth. You already gave him the point. So it's, it doesn't really mean very much, but I'm just saying, I, I feel, I feel good about that. I feel strong about that. That was a good one, mark. Thank You. Thank you.


Thank you. Mark. What is meant by the phrase cop a mouse? I know this one. I know I do. It sounds like a bit, but I do. I know this one. Say it Again. Cop a mouse. Say it backwards. Puck. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Clearly it's to close the trap on your drug sting operation. And you nail the suspect right in the middle of the middle of it. Oh, okay. Trapping a mouse. Copper mouse. Mouse. You here. Little mousey come into my trap.


Why isn't Andy Sandberg pretending to be Nicholas Cage? This Was, I don't ask Questions. You know, on Bob. You know this one. I know this one. The mouse is referring to a mouse under your eye. And if you, if you're gonna cop a mouse, they're threatening to punch you in the face. Okay. Cop a mouse is a Victorian error phrase. That means get a black eye. Oh. Because that's, that's the thing you get when you get a black eye. It's a, you get a mouse under your eye. I honestly, I didn't think it was Victorian. I thought it was more like forties, fifties America. Like, Hey, you better shut your trap. Or you gonna cop a mouse? Eh? Hey cop a mouse. Eh. See? See? Yeah.


See. Oh, we just blurred all the different cultures together in the fifties. Hey, You better be careful. You're gonna get into his list Actually from Canada in the fifties. You're gonna cop a mouse. Hey, gimme a plate of poutine. Hey, What's that one mean? I think it means the man would like a plate of french fries with gravy and cheese curs on it. Okay. That's not, that's not slay. That's just straightforward. Don't Give him a point for that. Don't give him a point. I don't, don't think there's a second meaning to that. If there is, it's awful because it's something sexual and terrible. Definitely don't wanna know about Bob. What is meant by the phrase, don't sell me a dog. Funny enough, the phrase invented and used a lot by salespeople that, especially salespeople who sold dogs.


That's how they would break the ice with people come up, knock on the door, whatever, carrying their briefcase full of dogs and the person is like, ah, we don't need any. And the guy's like, Hey, don't sell me a dog. Have I got something to show you? And then he starts pulling different puppies out of his little leather briefcase and Yeah, no, it's weird. But I'm pretty sure that's it. An Icebreaker to sell dogs. Okay. Or, or other stuff. But you know, it, it clearly came from dog salespeople. I am really only using 10% of my brain power. 90% of the time. I'm gonna crank it up to 11. This is, don't set me up on a blind date with some rascal.


Don't sell me a dog. Don't sell me a dog. It actually just means don't lie to me. Same thing judges. Yes, I got one. He knows this one. Bob, you agree? I'm not a judge. I have no authority here. You're both judges. I'm Don't sell me a dog. Well played. I dunno if that counts as lying. Don't set me up with a rascal. I have so few points, man. I got so few points. I got like no points. Neither Of us is getting points. I dunno. You're so stressed about I was gonna say, Bob's gotten one, correct. Oh, that's true. Yeah, that's right. Hey, I think I got two, correct actually.


But I'm trying to sell him a dog. Shut up Man. I'm pretty sure Cop of Mouse is the only one you've gotten correct so far. Didn't I also get the other one? Oh, Pine overcoat. You did get Pine overcoat. Yeah, I know all the violent ones. Mark does look a little bit worse for you now that he got Pine overcoat. Okay. Fuck. I'm glad we rehashed. What points were what? Would you just not write that down? I did. It just wasn't very clearly written, so I had to rewrite it. 'cause the point was there, the writing was not Mark, what is meant by the phrase fly rink? It's someone who what? Visual studios installing.


That's oddly specific. Oh no, No, that My guess. It's someone who installs visual studios. Okay. No, no, that's not it. I'm either getting some intense malware right now and there's someone kind of back the back into my thing or, oh, have you seen My Fat Peepee? Excuse me? Have you seen my Fat ppe? Not in a couple years, No. All right. This is kind of advertising another YouTubers merch. No, no, but I wanna, I wanna work with 'em. I'm gonna reach out eventually. You see this thing? Can you see that? Is that a knife? Oh, you know, it is. Oh, for fuck sake. Wow. You could cut a grub with that one.


Now cut a grub is a slang phrase that I don't know what that means. Right. Anyway, sorry. I just thought this was cool. It's like, you know, you could fit it in that fifth pocket and it's kind of always That is nice. I could have it come outta your front pocket. Yeah. Well anyway, that was tying into my guess. So my guess is actually it's when you're, your ice skating and you try to pull a move that's way above your pay grade. Your fly falls open, your dick flops out. You got a fly rink situation. Interesting combo. You Can just gimme the point. You can just give it to me. Yeah. You like it's over. I Might, I might. But I'm gonna give Bob a chance here first. All right. No, this one actually comes from, as a car guy. I know this one actually, this comes from old cars.


Were real simple. And you know, the old Ford Flat six used to have just one belt on the front for the accessory drive. And this is actually, actually kind of an amania because when the belt would flip off the forward, it would kind of just flip off. It would break the fan and, and cause And it would, it sounded when it happened, it would go fly rink. And so fly rink turned into kind of a saying for like, ah, you fucked everything up. You know, that's a real fly rink. Good guesses. Boys. I'm slightly offended that you guys don't know this one being as I'm right here in front of you. But a fly rink is a bald head. It's a bald head. Flies just skate around. Does that happen All the time, man. So they'll come as a couple and they'll be holding little proses while they skate around my head.


Proses proses, proses probes, Probasco sauce, probs. I really liked when he made chicken and a biscuit. That was funny. Probs. All right, I got a couple more here. I'm gonna do, we've, we've gotten through like 10 out of like 80 of these, which is good. It means I can come back to this. Of course. Yeah. In the meantime though, I want you to tell me what is Bob, I think you're first this time. What is a nose bagger? It's actually a term for a thing that most normies aren't aware of. But this is, this is kind of an industrial revolution era thing. The wealthy people during the industrial revolution that would actually have a person on their staff at their house and maybe at work, they went to work a lot, whose entire job was to capture a mucus and stuff that came out of their nose and mouth.


It would nose bag them. 'cause they actually, then they would send that off to the doctor and the doctor. It was believed if you made a tincture, tincture with your own mucus, that that would have healing properties and also might be an aphrodisiac. And so rich people would have nose bagger, capture all their gunk and then drink it later on in a bottle of doctor juice. Sounds delicious. Mark, what's your guess? I don't want to guess anymore. That's too bad. All right, so that was easy, man. You gonna just flipped there. You've rolled really high in your crew right there. I hell yeah.


Yeah. Nose bagger Is just someone doing cocaine. Is that all it is? You're gonna laugh. A nose bagger is someone who takes a day trip to the beach who brings his own provisions and doesn't contribute at all to the resort he's visiting. What A dick. Bob, I'm gonna give you a bonus point. I'm glad We have a word for that, A segue, because the next one that Mark is to go first on is Mark. What is the, by the phrase, not up to Dick. Not wait, what? Not up to Dick. Not up the dick is not the phrase. Not not up the dick is not the phrase.


Not up to dick. Not up the dick. I know what that means. Yeah, I know. Not up to Dick. I'll give you you a hint. It is not referring to your height. Thank you. Not you specifically, but okay. Not a, Okay. All right man. Cool. You didn't have to gimme a hint. You didn't have to. That was a mean Hint. I know what you look at when you hang out with Bob and I, so I just didn't want you to think in that. All right, Man, you're up to Dick to me. Oh yeah, you're way up to Dick. Mark. You're past Dick. All right, you guys, you can stop Anytime or just be nice. Hey, you can pat me on the flyer rink for luck. Anyway, I don't know why.


Everything I'm saying is cop based but's someone that wanted to be a detective but just couldn't make the cut. They were not up to Dick. That's a hey. Yeah. I'd rather you be cop based than us going to Russia every time. So at least we're, at least we're in the US this time. Bob, what is not up to Dick? Funny enough, this is actually another White House one, but it's a much more modern, this comes from the George W. Bush White House. Famously his vice president was Dick Cheney. And any given day coming outta the Oval Office, you could hear old w Waylon. Oh, that's not up to Dick. That's not up to Dick.


I'm the president. That's not, that's not up to Dick. And it became like a saying where it was like, yeah, sure buddy. Sure, you're in charge. Sure. I'm a fine dick. And I'm gonna tell him. Yeah, that's the old W actually. That's the new W, the old Ws. Yeah. If something or someone was not up to Dick, it was not healthy. I don't get that one. I don't get it. Yeah. What Arrow was that made? I don't have more info on that one. Okay. All right. Did you just type into chat, GPT, come up with some random bullshit slang and make it seem like it's real? I did not.


What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, A goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling, we have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


This episode is brought to you by Power Wash Simulator. New stuff coming to Power Wash simulator. Mark plays it a lot, almost For a living now. What new Characters Wade Wallace and Grommet, they have a whole new pack Out. I remember watching those movies. Where do you fall in the Matic Way Pro or, or against? Oh, I've always been more of a sower. I think that's acceptable. The Wallace and Gro special pack for power wash Simul is available now on steam windows, Xbox One, Xbox XRS, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Bridge D for everyone.


Bob, I think you're first this time, what is meant by the phrase or words sauce box? We all know what that means. It's, it's from a, it's from that pickup line in the club. You walk up to the ladies and you just go, Hey, gotta swim out in your sauce box. And either works or it doesn't. But man, when it works, Man, I know what's gonna be put in the wheel. This episode most times censored. Wait, does that not get to go into that? Not was that bad. Wait. No, no, that's fine. That's fine. This is, Yeah, baby. Can I swim in your sauce Box? Hey baby, I got my french fry. Can you show me your sauce box?


Yeah. I'm in the ketchup or whatever the other one was. Mark, what is the sauce box? I'm guessing this is the, when you're going up in the drive through, you're talking to the box, the actual speaker box, The old timey drive through. Yeah, that's the sauce box. Well, how they had drive throughs in the old times. I Remember when the Flintstones went to McDonald's. Are these from the Flintstone era slang? I don't know. I don't have much information on this one, if I'm being honest with you. You could be right, however your mouth is your sauce box. That's pretty close to what I was getting at. So Bob got it. Yeah, Bob Got it. Yeah, that was, I was pretty close. Yeah, Sure man. I'll give you the point. Swimming your sauce box, I guess that's slightly, you know, it could just be making out, you know, or other things Swim around in your sauce box.


I mean your Mouth. That's the beauty of sauce box. It means whatever the listener thinks it means. 'cause it could be lots of stuff. It's, it's when you go up to a grill, you're like, can I swim in your sauce box? Oh, don't worry. I mean your mouth and then it's all good. Then it's all good. They're like, oh sure. You have to, you have to yell, whisper it just like that though, because it's very reassuring. If you could do it Gilbert Godfried, it's most effective as Gilbert Godfried. I just keep hearing the, I know this one, like un repeat. You guys have all seen the episode where he is like said, you fool like a hundred times where like just nobody could get the answer. He was the last square in Hollywood squares and everyone kept having to go to him and they would get it wrong. So he'd be like, you fall, it's on.


It's so good. It's like five or six minutes worth of your time. Don't recall that one Mark to you. I think we'll do two more than we'll call it. Oh man, my ego is not thriving on this episode. Oh, Okay. Maybe this will be the last one. I kind of like this one. I'll even make this simple. There are four different answers you guys could give that would be correct for this. What is a pretzel bender? It's the fifth element. You know, you got your water bender, your air bender, Your earth bender, your fire bender that you got your Pretzel pent. There's this big battle of like fire And water, Eating air, and then you got a guy holding dough going, eh, Not with his hands.


Stupid with, Ah, yeah, yeah. It's still, it's still bending. It's impressive. Yeah, The salt comes in, There's a lot of elements to it. Pretzels are kind, pretzels involve boiling water and lie. I think It's actually what, that's what the avatar really is, is the pretzel bender. Bringing all of it together. You Know, even if the pretzel was fully baked, it was a pretzel stick and the pretzel bender had to physically touch it and just bent it into like the classical pretzel shape, but Without breaking it. Like he could take, he could take hard pretzels and bend them. It's crazy. And it could take hard little twisted ones and straighten 'em out.


Honestly, if someone did come up to me with like a, a thick like stick pretzel and they just went watch I, that would blow my mind more than almost any other magic trick I could possibly witness that would ruin my perception of reality. I don't think I'd be okay after that. That Would be pretty wild. Bob, what is a pretzel bender? This is actually really cute. I'm thinking, I'm thinking this is really cute. It's cutesy comes from Germany because in America we would just call this a fender bender, but Germans love them pretzels. And so they, you know, if you can't get your hands on a shiny chrome bumper for your car, you maybe you just put cook a big pretzel and you just have that on there.


And then if you get in a little accident when you're driving around your, you say, oops, that's a signed pretzel bend down. Oh 9 0 9, A pretzel bender. You have a pretzel bend or a A of caused get thought. No, I can't remember the word for. Yeah, well you know what I'm getting at. It's German, they, they call it pretzels. Pretzels, I'm pretty sure Comes right outta their sauce box. It's A hell of a trick. Oh you mean mouth. I think I gotta give the point to mark on this one. Oh, you don't have to. Pretzel bender can mean a player of the french horn. A wrestler. Oh Obviously A heavy drinker or a peculiar person.


And let me tell you, that's pretty peculiar. It was a wide target, just barely clipped it. I think I made it though. And they said I couldn't hit the broad side of a barn. Look at me now We're gonna do one final one. 'cause I want, I just wanna do this one, Bob, your first. What is meant by the phrase hump The swag. Hump the swag. I don't wanna get censored again, man. I just, gimme a sec. Hang on. Oh no, come on. Go for it. No, this is, yeah, this is a, a SL term coined by people who are on the, the, the professional convention term tour.


It's not the people who are attending the convention. It's like the people who run them, they set the booths up and you know that sort of stuff. They're like carnies. But for conventions when they see someone who's just really loading up on the swag. 'cause there's always like gift bags and stuff. I look and this guy, he looks humped the swag. Yeah, I knew, I knew he was gonna do that. Okay, mark Hump the swag. He fucking, no man, what do you fuck me to know? His was the good answer. His was the good answer. What else could it mean? What Else could It possibly Mean? There's other options out there. I can tell you, Eh, I am gonna look at Rebi. I don't wanna play anymore. I'm looking at rebi tools.


I'm going to my comfort place. Lemme go to look at Rebi. What do they got? What do you got? That's new. I don't wanna be anymore. I don't wanna, Do you ever get one of those rebi folding workbench dolly things? Mark? Those are out there now. Oh, I really want to. It's so cool. I like that. Ah, but I haven't got one. I don't know. Mark, if you're not gonna give me an answer, you clearly can't win the locked in point. No, I'm doing humping the swag right now. I'm avoiding a situation and going to my favorite consumerist hobby. Thank you, BIE. Humping the swag means to carry your luggage on your back. Yeah, that actually kind of makes sense. What bonus star are we adding to the bonus stars?


I Like the most censored. The most censored. You know, that kind of favors Bob, but I also like it, so yeah, sure. Let's go for it. All right. The most censored to this episode is officially added. How many are we doing? Three. Oh shit. This is my chance. You guys ready? Yep. Let's do it. One Oh Oh, no. Yes, yes, Yes. Ate the most. How many cough drops? How many? How many more cough drops do I have to eat to catch up to that? It's a very large bowl. It's a very large, I have a family sized bag I just opened. I don't know if that even that would be enough, but, oh God, please.


Oh No. I cannot believe, I Gotta believe that fucking came up. That's ridiculous. He was preparing for this from the intro. I love this wheel. I love this wheel. Loves me. All right. All right. All right. Spin it again. Oh, well. Is that me? Is that, well, you're gonna have to, that one's gonna have to be reserved. That's gotta be me. Gotta be me. It's gotta be me. Must. Unless you know how many points we halfway, if you do, you just silently add that. But otherwise, I think maybe you're gonna have to hold onto that till you start tallying up here. Third spin baby. Oh, got the biggest laugh.


This one might be kind of tied to, was censored the most? If I'm, I think this one goes to Bob. Sad to say I had some jokes, but I don't think I had. That was good ones. You had some good, I honestly, I don't think I was de definitively funnier than you. You had some very funny stuff this time. Let me go through the points. Bob, you got points for ever fall down the stairs? Rin, near fall, pine overcoat. No, it's not. Don't remember what that's for, but Wait, what? Cop of mouse. Bad joke. What a dick sauce box. Oh, you meant mouth. You got two points for that because you got one for the, the funny and biggest laugh.


All right, Mark, you got points for We are rich. CNC. Shut up. Mark. Rebi. Ponant What? Visual Studio. That was pretty funny when that happened. Oh yeah. Yeah. Eight the most on stream. And then you also got the point for being a loser, which brought you to nine points. Bob finished with 11. Oh. Which means if that last spin hadn't been biggest laugh, if it had gone to Mark, somehow it would have been a tie That time. If I'd only been that much funnier guy, you were down by three and the wheel got you back within one.


Whoa. Until that final spin. Oh, So close. The wheel is really quite the development in technology for us. I love this. The odds of it also hitting three, whenever I was doing, so, I was trying to do a D three And it wasn't working. It was giving me a D four. So I, it was, it was like four four. I was like, that's not a D three. I finally got to the D three thing to work and then it ended up being three. And I was like, well that's gonna be crazy if that helps Mark. 'cause I knew he was behind a little bit. But man, mark, dude, you wanna deliver your loser speech. Thank you for this lovely opportunity to participate. Even though I lost, I've declare all of this illegal. And if you don't believe me, I will beat you until you are unconscious.


That's what justice is all about. And that's what I'm gonna do. But as the loser, I have to accept fairness for what it is and I will win next time. Bob winners speech. Oh sure. Just think how many points I could have had this episode. If everything I said was allowed to be aired publicly, I mean, I pretty much killed it today. I feel pretty strong about my performance. I really went out there, gave 110% and you know, we played as a team and you really gotta just do one play at a time, you know? And when we were down in the fourth quarter, I never panicked 'cause I trusted the guys around me on the field and just like I knew we would, we did what we had to do.


Went out there and gave it a hundred percent, 110%, you know. Anyway, I win. Congratulations to me. I I host the next one. Yay. You too. Great work competitors. I hope you all enjoyed listeners and watchers. I hope you enjoyed as well. If you haven't already, go follow Market, market player, Bob at me. I'm Minion. Seven seven or one min? Seven. Seven seven. Let's end this train wreck before it gets worse. Pod cast out. You All right bud? Yeah. Podcast Out.