
What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, a goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling, we have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


This episode is brought to you by Power Wash Simulator. New stuff coming to Power Wash Simulator. Mark plays it a lot, Almost for a living now. What New characters Wade Wallace And Grommet. Oh, they have a whole new pack out. I remember watching those movies. Where do You fall on the Matic Way Pro or, or against? Oh, I've always been more of a sower. I think that's acceptable. The Wallace and Grommet special pack for Power Wash Similar is available now on Steam windows. Xbox One, Xbox XRS, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Ready D for everyone.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does fine jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion. Everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship, and responsible sourcing in mind. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look. Shop online@missouri.com or in store today.


Good evening, rough riding listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible, the episode Maneuverable. Mark gets reamed by Reddit Acts The Alchemist. Think it's the boys to fuck with reality. Bookworm. Bob Louser Library threatens explosions, pilfer, Pokemon and Emancipates. Chemist where received Wade goes No to dumb dumbass receives the Lash and Apes JT Kirk from various equities to the Second Amendment. Yes, it's time for September 10th now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello, gentle listeners. Gentle, That sounds like the other show. Hardcore Hardcore watchers. Gentle listeners, welcome to Distractible. Today is another great day for another great episode hosted by me Multiplier who miraculously won because I knew to check under the eyelids. If you don't know what I'm talking about, you gotta listen to last week's episode or watch it if you're hardcore. If you want easy mode, just listen to it. But I won that round and so that means I get to host this episode and I get to subject my friends Bob and Wade to my whims and my whimsies say, hi guys. Subject is an ominous word, but hi. Hello. Hello.


Congratulations. Thank you. You earned this. We all thought of the eyes, you just thought of 'em at the end. You earned it and we deserve it. That's fair. That's fair. How are you guys doing this? Fine. Fine. Tuesday We're in the middle of the Ohio weather. That just makes you feel awful all the time. 'cause it was like, there were like two days last week where it was like 65 and sunny and we came, we went outside for the first time in a couple months And it was like, oh, I wish I wore shorts. Oh. And then it was in the teens again over the weekend and raining and it's like warmish today, but it's raining. So it's like, it just, it's gross. Like it, there are moments where it's like, oh God, it's coming.


But then it goes back to being in the teens and you're like, well fuck you. All right. Fuck all of this. And you go back inside and it's dead. We're almost there though. It's almost springtime Here in la. It's some, this is actually some of the most beautiful weather. 'cause after the rain start, you know, it pushes a lot of the, any kind of pollutants outta the air. Makes the air really clear and nice. So you get a great view of the horizon distance. And the weather is really nice 'cause it's just, you know, usually hovers between like 50 and 80, you know, goes right around there. So the, that's why people love California for the winters. 'cause the winters really are mild except for that period where fires can explode. That that's a fun winter surprise That, that's a little excitement mixed into the idyllic winter tepidness.


But I was in Cincinnati last week and I noticed something when I got off the plane and we were driving out from the airport. It looked like someone turned the saturation down on the world. Everything was gray. And I forgot just how gray it was in the winter in Cincinnati. It's just, it's gr It was gray. Everything was no color. The grass was all, you know, grayed out the trees, no leaves. The clouds were gray, the road was gray, everything was gray. Yeah, it does that because I know Cincinnati's beautiful in the spring and summer and the fall and the colors. And then I, I forgot. That's why people hate winter in the northeast is 'cause it gets real drab.


All you gotta do is paint your guard for the winter. You got lots of color. Yeah. Sometimes people will come and paint it for you in bright orange, they'll put little X's everywhere and the next thing you know, they come and dig or they avoid those spots And if they don't party. Yeah, it's funny. I was driving on 75 and I remember when I first started driving, oh so many years ago that there was construction on 75 and I was so it felt like coming home when I drove up 75 and the same lanes, it's The same construction have been closed. It's the same Goddamn Construction. Someone is getting paid bank, they're making so much money and, and no one is checking on them. No one, I Mean I think you missed the worst of it because they reopened 4 71, right?


They had that fire under the bridge and they had to like shut down the bridge for a while. Is that open? I only, I know it was closed last time I was down there still. I think it's open now. But that caused all the traffic to surge to 75 and 71 on top of what they already had. And both roads were under constructions. And if you wanted to get across the river on that side of downtown, you had to like go across the 70. It's happening. What? It's happening, we're starting talking about our roads. Like Californians, we get traffic for one period, like three months, get off 75 and we turn into the roads guy. Oh, four 70 ones go, well here's what you wanna do. You wanna take 75 south down to 2 75. Then you get back on 75 when it emerges with 71.


Take it down to Florence y'all and go shopping. Well See the thing about Cincinnati that I forgot because if you look up Cincinnati population on any website it says like, you know, 300 to 400,000. And that's what I've always thought. And it's like, oh Cincinnati, it's not that big a city that's Just like the metro though, right? Yeah. I forgot that the Cincinnati area is like two to two and a half million people and it's like, oh wow, that's so many more than I, I think. And it's been growing. So yeah, traffic has been getting much worse over there because there's no metro at all. But Honest to God, it's been the exact same concern I lived on 75 I lived at. At where you lived there too, the forum, right? It's right over 75 there. It's the exact same construction.


Somehow since I came to Cincinnati in 2007, like I, I don't know what they did. They rebuilt the whole highway, two street lengths over and then they tore it all down and rebuilt it over this way. And I remember they were cutting into a hill to do something there. And then I just see supports along that hill. No road. Yeah, just, and then it's moving again and we cut down these lanes, open those lanes. It's very, very, someone should check in on that. We need some doge over there, I assume. Well Ohio just celebrated its 222nd birthday and I'm not sure back then they really planned out how they were gonna build cities very well. So I think we're doing some, you know, because you know, highways existed as soon as we were founded.


Pretty Much the moment you establish that you're a state highways just pop up along you So, Trains, canals, interstates all existed. Well not train, not trains. We don't like trains. Trains bad. In fact, never maintain those rails ever. Right guys. Right. Old strategy cotton. Let's see if it pays off for, Well you know, I don't see too many railroads being built. You'd think that, oh with all those highways they would build, they would build, you know, I don't know, high speed rail. No mark. Listen, if you look around the world outside the us anywhere else in the world and you look at the direction transportation is going, trains are out. They are awful. Nobody else uses trains. Nobody else, no other countries have all their major cities connected by trains.


Major train corridors connecting cities from different countries to each other in a big net. That's the past. Okay. I'm thinking horse pulled rowboat is the way to go that way you're covered for ground that way you're covered for water. And if the horses go real fast, you're in the air. In what way are you covered for ground on that? Will you take the horse and leave the boat? Oh, Horses just pull you. The horses can walk. I know they're mostly aquatic, but you know, they actually very strong on land. Dunno if you knew that. Hmm. I think you're talking specifically about land horses. When I hear horses I think of the kind that live in the ocean. Yeah, most do. Most do. But you know the, they're actually, it's just different life cycles of the horse originally.


You know, they start out in the water and then they move to the land. Seahorse, land horse Pegasus. We all know it. Yeah. Basically. Not gonna get into the episode yet because I wanna talk about something that funny that was on the subreddit. I've pissed off many people with my random hobbies and talking about shit that I don't know before. Never has there been as much protest against me pursuing a new hobby than the CNC people. Oh, Are you getting a lot of pushback? Wait, really? Yeah. I thought for sure it was the 22 people. I mostly saw people talking about BD S M and being very concerned and confused about it. And then I saw some people who were like, oh good for Mark.


That's fun. Either way I'm not mad about it because it is, it's funny to be, but okay, side tangent. Did any of you know that other definition of CNC? Any of me or Wade? Yeah. No, I still don't know 'cause I haven't looked The casualness that the subreddit started just talking about that mean, like that's the first thing I thought of. I was like, oh, different circles, huh? But the crazy thing to me is every comment agreed. I know. I didn't find a single comment that said I didn't think of that. Is everyone just a freak out there? And why? Why is everyone a freak? Why is our fan base 100% freak?


It's a specific subset of fan base and it's the kind of person that goes on Reddit. So maybe that says more than anything else. I don't know. I know we're pretty extreme fellas and we, we live a very adventurous, it's A fucking thing. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. Wade doesn't like, Wade doesn't actually look at the subreddit ever. So he doesn't know. Well, I, I've I Until since that one came out, It's a fucking Thing. No, yeah, that's, yeah, that's what it is. Martin, your hobby, like, guys, I'm getting really in deceased. That's what, yeah, that's, that's why they found it funny. But honestly, for two Episodes, For two entire episodes, none of us knew What you guys No idea were thinking.


So yeah, No Colin, that's wrong. Some Weird about 3D printing and machines and all that. They were just like, oh man, look at the kind of weird sex toys they're used to. Mm, no, bad wrong. Not you the audience. No bad wrong. Anyway, so I'm no longer into C NNC anymore. It's not because I got scared off from it, but it's because I, I realized what you could do with SLA resin printing molds and pouring metal into those molds to get extreme detail.


Mm. There's burn away resins that you can print. SLA printing is the liquid resin, not the solid filament. And you can get certain resins that when it cures, it turns into like it has a lot of wax in it or a waxy like substance as far as I, I know. And then when you put it into a mold and you, you cast the mold in a kiln, it, it literally burns away the, the resin creates probably not great fumes and you need to ventilate that properly. But then the, it's a perfect mold of that shape and you can pour liquid metal into that. And then you have a metal part, A forged metal part, A forged metal part. Or not forged cast I guess, but whatever Cast metal part, whatever the difference between that is.


So, hey, I'm gonna get a large induction metal melting machine that's going to definitely not explode me in a fireball of death and I'm gonna start pouring random metals into random holes. Can't wait. Good thing you live in a place where fire's not bad, eh, Dust sounds substantially more dangerous than CNC. No, you Don't need a permit if you have induction heating obviously. No, I wasn't even implying that you need a permit. I just, I don't Need a permit. I'm glad you're getting outta conk. No more conk for you. So slay girl. Thank You. When your, when your liquid cooling loop on your server rack explodes and coolant goes everywhere, the worst thing that could happen is frying a couple CPU or things or whatever, but Slay When you're crucible filled with molten aluminum explodes.


It's probably less funny. SLAI. Maybe it's just as funny. I don't know. That's Probably fine. You know, I think that if I just add some glover salt to it, it'll be 100% perfect. Now we get to hear talk mark. Go on and on about metallurgy. There's been a glover salt update, but I'm gonna hold it off until another episode. SLA sleigh. Is that the joke you've been going for this whole time? Yes. I don't care if it's bad or doesn't get me points. I'm proud of it. Persistence pays off. I'm not gonna give you a point for that, but that's pretty good. This is a thing I've been super ignorant about that is not new, but I think it's really interesting. And so I want to talk about it since we're talking about Mark making stuff and killing himself eventually with molten metal guys.


Have you checked out your local libraries recently? Because that is not what I thought a library was. My local library is cool as shit. So there's a little branch I've been going to that's just books and tiny little thing and it's very nice and convenient 'cause it's close. But I went to like a big branch, which is only 15 minutes away, only a little bit further. They have a maker space where you can have access to CNC laser cutting, 3D printing services, large format printers. Literally like you can make appointments and be like, I wanna make this thing and I have a 3D plan or I wanna make this thing. And they'll help you make like a 3D plan of it or whatever in sketch up or something as cool as shit, I just wanna throw this out there.


If you haven't checked out your local libraries, you should do it. 'cause they're doing some crazy shit over there. It's not just books, DVDs, They have DVDs, they have video games, they have podcast kits you can borrow, which is literally like a Zoom recorder and a couple mics and a couple headphones and you just like in a briefcase. Oh, no worries. And you take it and go and record something. Our, our library is cra I was like, I just need to send a fax so you guys have a fax machine. And then I just wandered around for half an hour. 'cause I was like, holy fuck, let's Go to the theater business, end of the library business. No, libraries are great. Everyone should have a library card. And I, I'm a hypocrite because I haven't gone to any of the Los Angeles libraries, but it's something that should be supported. And there's a reason why companies want to lock down everything because libraries are like a hub of information and knowledge sharing.


And that's supposed to be, that's supposed to be a cornerstone of society. Libraries are such a wonderful resource and anything to try to defund it is stupid and bad and dumb and wrong. And it should be because the economic impact of libraries on the communities, I didn't even know about the 3D printing stuff. That's awesome. But the economic impact of libraries on, on people being able to go there and get all the information they need. Any book they need, renting DVDs, games, even Filing taxes, applying for jobs. There's all kinds of stuff at the library. It's Incredible. Support your local library. Vote yes on your levy. I know for a fact on the next thing we get to vote on here on our local stuff, there's a levy coming up and I was gonna vote yes anyway because generally I'm like public schools, libraries, I like these things, but now I'm even more motivated.


I wanna get more people to vote Yes because the library is doing some crazy awesome stuff. I'm not sure how much the vote matters in Ohio considering I saw that there, they, there was a vote that passed to legalized wheat and then state legislators were like, no, They didn't have to undo anything. That's just the nature of, what's it called, ballot initiatives in Ohio is technically what those were. Which is just the voters telling elected officials like, yeah, we want this. They don't have to do shit. Our state government is designed in a highly questionable way. I, I was shocked when that came out and I looked into it and I was like, oh, well, aside from it being completely insane, they actually totally can do that. They can just ignore the fact that we passed a ballot initiative saying that we wanted to try and reproductive likes in the constitution or legalize marijuana or well, they can just look at that and be like, nah, you guys are stupid even though we voted for them.


I dunno. Well, It's good. So that's contained to one state. Yeah. Thank God no other states are designed like ours. I miss Ohio, but something's about it. I feel like. But if you're listening to this and you're a resident of Ohio, hey, you can always vote 'em out. Whoever they are that are making shit up and making it worse, you can always vote 'em out. So that's probably what they're counting on. Unless they, unless you vote 'em out and they say, nah, Little known fact. They actually don't have to listen to that either. You see the, see the final count on the vote and they're like, ah, I don't know. I don't wanna do that guys.


Shouldn't that mean that you could just walk into the State House and be like, I am a legislator at demand a desk. And what are they gonna do? Not listen to you because you're just doing, you're just doing what you want. They respect the confidence. Honestly. They'll respect the confidence.


Now you can get Disney Plus and Hulu together for just 2 99 a month for four months. We sure would love that. Get both and watch Marvel's. Daredevil born again in Moana, two on Disney plus. Can I get a hoo on Hulu? Check out Good American Family and Paradise. Call it in now. Disney Plus and Hulu together for just 2 99 a month. All of these and more streaming soon. No. And returning subscribers, 18 plus only after four months. Plant auto renews at 10 99 a month until canceled. Offer ends 3 30, 25 terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool from Progressive. You can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states.


Any you we're gonna move on to the episode says, this is having a profound impact on the world. This podcast is just shaking the foundation of the earth. In fact, we're so influential we cannot be contained to this timeline. Uhoh, I want you to, to open up your minds to magical possibilities. The likes of which you have never seen before. And then once you're done, imagining that, sorry, Bob, I shouldn't have phrased it that way. I want you to sing the song of Infinity inside your mind out Loud.


He said inside your mind. Oh, okay. I did say that. Yeah. Now stop that because it has nothing to do with what we're about to do. Step inside my time machine inside our mind, or no, this is real. I have a imagine. No, don't imagine it's just off screen. It's just off screen. Trust me, it's there. Yeah. There he goes. Yep. Step in, Wade. Get in, Wade. Get in. Get in the time machine. All right, cool. Thank you. I guess you can take the chair. Sure. Oh, I should have brought a chair. Yes. It's much more comfy. No, no, you don't get a chair. All right. We're all going in the time machine. No, wait, hold on. Oh, okay. I gotta Go. I don't fit all the way.


Hang on. It's a tight squeeze in here And hit the button. All right. Ah, Whoa. It's a little chaotic. But I made the inside of the time machine look exactly like all of our, It looks like a TARDIS or something. It, yeah. Yeah. And there's plenty of room in here for all kinds of activities. So while we're traveling through time, I'm gonna explain what we're gonna do. We're gonna fuck shit up, but maybe in a good way. You too. I'm gonna task you with going out there and wherever we end up, we'll find out once with the, it lands us wherever we go. And I'm tasking you to go out there and make the most profound change of the timeline.


It could be whatever you want. It'd be whatever you think would be best. And then I'll make a judgment of who made the most profound change and award a point. Both are still gonna happen. You're still gonna do those things. And then one of you, I will decide which one made the most profound change. And then we'll get back in and hey, I'll let you even take one item from that timeline to bring into the time machine. And you can use that in the future if you want. Ooh. Okay. All right. Everyone understand? Yes. How does where we end up to, to get decided? It's kind of random. I'm just gonna look at the screen and read off of the numbers and the places. I didn't decide beforehand. It's just where we end up. I don't know. Well, I hope we find some interesting events and not just random boring points in history.


Oh, we're coming up on our first location. 2001. New York City, September 10th. Okay. Ooh. All right. Doors open. Who wants to go first? Oh, we, we get to like leave immediately after. Yeah. We've done whatever we're going to do, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we're in New York City. Hmm. I'm gonna need already questioning this direction, but I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna need access to a lot of burner cell phones.


Alright. Okay. I think cell phones exist now, so Yeah, it could Be payphones, maybe. I'm driving around town And it's looking for every payphone in existence. Who knows? I have a plan as of tomorrow morning, September 11th, 2001, the World Trade Center Plaza will be completely empty of humanity. And it's gonna be, it's gonna sound questionable what I have in mind, and we're gonna really need to book it the hell outta here. Once I start doing this, What are you gonna Do? I am going to call in just as many bomb threats and, and other thing, like things of that nature as possible.


All targeted, all on that exact area of the city. It's just gonna be absolute chaos. It's gonna get to the point where they're gonna have to set up a perimeter, a safety perimeter. No one's gonna be allowed in those two buildings. We're probably in surrounding buildings. It's gonna be two empty structures with barricades and police, keeping any human from getting anywhere close to them until some time in the evening on September 11th when they figure out these are all fake threats that someone phoned in as a prank. I think that would cause quite a ripple. But seriously, we to get the fuck out of town Once this Starts happening.


Well, well, you wait there, you wait. Okay. Wade's turn is, now we gotta wait. What are you doing? I'm not gonna lie. My first thought was either to get a bulldozer and just drive into the base of the building and like, mess up the elevators. There's people in there. Or to also call in a bomb threat. I actually had that thought too. Yeah. Well, too late. But then I was Like, All right, bigger picture. I'm gonna call one into one of the news programs and I'm gonna tell them about exactly what's gonna happen the next day. I'm gonna tell them the, like, the, the, I'll pretend to be Ben Laden. That'll be my name, and I'm gonna call in and tell them exactly what's about to happen.


That doesn't seem like a necessary detail at all. Which locations, which everything. I'm, I'm just gonna predict the future for 'em and hope that maybe they're like, well, it sounds like a threat. That sounds like a threat that could happen, Jim. Yep. Jim, maybe we should shut down the airports and figure out some security measures. Jim, I don't know who Jim is, but Jim, Jim, you really picked a good date for this. I really enjoy this exercise. Just a random, yeah. Wasn't it? It it's just the machine. I didn't pick it. This is what happened. I, I Think maybe we should spend some more time under the hood of this machine. All right, well I'll, I'll try to tweak it, but I think you guys should get back in. What, what item did you grab on the way back in? Oh Man.


Blockbuster card. Okay. Blockbuster card. Yep. Sure. Bob, what did you get? I grabbed an entire box of unopened Pokemon cards. Ooh, those are valuable back then. Yeah. So that's a, that's a vintage box of unopened original whatever series. I don't know anything about Pokemon cards, but one of the expensive ones. Alright, Perfect. Just one. You said one item. I mean, I'll grab as many as I can. Oh yeah, it's true. Yeah, yeah, you're right. But I was thinking it had to be one thing. Okay. Yeah. You got Yeah. One pallet of boxes. No, no, you can't carry that in. It's not that big on the inside. One box of blockbuster cards, Wade slips in the door with his one blockbuster cards.


Like, hey, a souvenir Bob Waddles in with a pallet, like as many giant boxes of Pokemon cards, Mint condition, original press. All right. Pokemon cards. And then Wade, you look at him with a lot of jealousy in your eyes, but you Don't, he might get some money in the future, but I've got history on my side. You have no idea what I'm gonna do with these Pokemon cards. Just 'cause they're valuable doesn't mean I think I'm keeping them. Alright, so we slam the door. I'm gonna tell you who made the most effect at the end when we get back to the normal timeline. Oh, okay. All right. So I'm gonna, we're going again. Oh, whoa. Editors make This. Oh, Just me.


Just me you guys. Oh, oh, Oh. Can't believe it. I know. Oh yeah, I know, Right? Is my side broken? It doesn't seem to be below. It kind of feels like we're just in a, like a helicopter. Like, I gotta be honest, it's less impressive than I would've guessed. Oh, I can't hear you over the worrying That didn't say, sounded like we're in a helicopter. Oh, alright. It feels like, okay, I got it. Oh, ah, ah, interesting. Okay. We're way in the past now. This is what I was hoping for. Oh, thank God. We're 79 ce, which is common era. We're in Pompeii. Well, I only know two eras. Which one is that? Common era? Ce. Is that BC or ad?


No, it's ce. Oh boy. Okay. You'll have to figure it out for yourself. Look, this this machine. I don't know, it just, I don't get it. But anyway, Pompei. September 10th. What? Wait. Well, if I remember right, that's the day before September 11th in Pompeii. It Sure is. Isn't that a couple weeks post Mount Vesuvius eruption? I don't think there was ever actually a date. I am after a quick Google. I am seeing references to mid-August, maybe around August 24th or 25th.


Ah, But that was before they shifted the calendar. Oh, Okay. So that hasn't happened yet. Yeah. Yeah. It looks not ashy. It looks nice. We, I open the door and I'm like, oh, there's a whole bunch of people milling about kinda looking at us. Funny, but not that funny. Well, a little funny. All right. So Bob, you went first. So Wade, you'll, you'll run out there first to alter the time screen and you have a blockbuster card. And we look like ourselves, right? We're like wearing Yeah. You, you, you could take clothes from this era if you really wanted to, I guess, but you'd have to wait till next time. All right. So I'm going to the Pompeii library. I'm gonna get some Pompeii books and documents. I'm gonna show 'em my blockbuster card and tell them I'm from the future.


And it's my job to preserve some historical artifacts. They ask you why, why? Hey, why, why do you need to preserve It? Oh, time's not kind to books, you know, paper, it goes bad. Yeah. Age comes first all. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm just coming to get some orig OGs. We're gonna take 'em to the future. Gonna make some copies and I'll bring 'em back. You're one of those crazies, aren't you? Can you make this? You see this laminate? You have this technology? I don't think so. Yeah, We, we write things. We got books Covered in plastic. You see this film with plastic? Yeah. We got glass. I pull out my cell phone. You forgot to bring it. No cell phones allowed. The time stream blew up all cell phones.


I specifically meant you couldn't bring anything from the, the first place that we went. I'm retroactively making that true. Wow. Man. I really thought I had something to prove that I was for the future. Look at my shoe. The great crazy shoe, right? I grab a bunch of documents and I run, Hey, wait A minute. Hey. Oh shit. So you, you Go to the library. Oh yeah. And talk to one dude. I get one box of Pompe cards or Pompei documents. Pompei card trading cards. Maybe like a pallet of pompei artifacts and cards and documents. All right. So you've gathered up as much as your arms can fit of, of the Pompei library.


Random documents. Yeah. So selfish. This One. As I run back to the time machine, I'm just screaming through the sheet. The sheets, the sheets and the streets. I, I took some extra time to have fun in Pompei. Hey, Volcano's gonna rub the better ride. Then I get on the time machine. All right. So you grabbed an arm full of Pompei library documents. He screamed that. What'd you scream? Hey, Volcano's gonna erupt you better ride. Volcano's gonna erupt. And you had some fun. But yeah, apparently the eruption in the streets and in the sheep. Okay. Oh, is that too soon? I'm sorry. Pompe. All right. Okay. All right. He quite eventful. Sprint and sprint out, Bob.


All Right. I'm thinking ahead on this one. I don't think there's a lot I can do for them. I don't speak the language. Unlike Wade. You Haven't learned ish. And I don't think they're gonna listen to me either way. And there aren't phones everywhere for me to call in more Bob threats 'cause it's apparently my go-to. Yeah, yeah. So what I do is I just go around and start carving a message into every place I can. 'cause the city is made of stones and, and maybe some concrete, I forget, but the, it's all, it's all carvable. You know? I just spend every second I've got carving the phrase, don't trust Nazis into the walls of pompei.


And I know what you're thinking. Different era, confusing messaging. This is for the future. This is a warning. And when and when our closer to our time, we came from when they start excavating and they start finding, they keep fighting this message. It seems to be for some reason written in modern English and not at all congruous with what was happening in Pompeii at the time. And it just keeps saying the same thing. They're gonna, they're gonna just have to assume that like either a god or time traveler or something someone knows and had to leave that message for a purpose. It's gonna have an impact. I need to look up when archeologists started digging.


Oh, they'll definitely find it before the Nazi party exists in any meaningful way by a lot like hundred years, maybe hundreds of years. I would guess That. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. But like, That'll that they'll talk about that. Right. All of the books about Pompei will be like, and there was this crazy message, and then when it starts, when stuff starts happening, people will be like, wait a minute, what's that shit about? Pompeii? Yeah. But what if they just like wear googly glasses and mustaches and change their name to like Shotsy or something. Like go. We're not, we're, that's not us. I mean, you gotta, you got a point. I'm just, All right, cool. I'm just writing off Pompeii as a total loss. I don't think there's anything I can do for those guys. There's No, okay.


That's that's fair. All Right. That's fair. And I don't go to the library, but I do pickpocket a wealthy looking individual on the street as I'm heading back towards the time machine and I get his little coin first full of, I assume Delos. Is that, is that correct? Damn, the pompous currency. Balloons. What are they using? Pompe. That's actually Pokemon cards. They were the first ones. Well, we didn't know 'cause they all burned. Okay. All right. Okay. Alright. So you got a corn purse of de blooms.


You, you have not opened it. I Don't know what's in there. I'm just assuming. All Right, cool. Great. Wow. Grand effects across the board. This is really gonna, this is gonna, this is gonna fuck with the timeline. Nice. Alright, everybody in throwing the lever, Kurt. Whoa. Wow. Why is this one hurt? I think we're going even farther back. We're going so far back. Maybe even too far. Maybe so far back. Never come Back. Wang goo goo. Oh shit. What the fuck is happening to the wade? Sorry. I think the effects were backwards for a second.


Okay. We've landed 65 million years ago. This can't be real. This can't be real. Wait a minute. Oh no, we're on the Yucatan Peninsula on September 10th Now. I know. Historians believe that that happened in April. Oh man. All right. So, wow. This is crazy. It's so prehistoric out there. Well, good thing you guys. Well, I guess you don't have anything to defend yourself with, but get out there. Change the time stream, Bob, you're up. Go get 'em.


Yeah, I just happen to know that something like 65 million years ago, almost roughly exactly today, maybe even, maybe is when the chick lube impact happened. Mm, That sounds devastating. It was an asteroid estimated to be somewhere between 10 and 15 kilometers wide that struck the Earth. Yeah. You actually look up and you can see a second sun in the sky. Oh, that seems bad. I don't know how things are 65 million years ago, but I'm gonna guess that's still bad. It is. So what do we got? We go around the Guan Peninsula. We got, what do we got, like dinosaurs out here and stuff? Yeah, Yeah.


They're all looking at you funny. But they're also looking up at the sky, kind of like, oh hell going on. There are, Are any of them looking like they're gonna, like, they're not interested in eating me. Like they're chill. A lot of them Are kind of like weirded out by this strange thing that just appeared and we made a lot of noise and then like, just like a gush of fluid came out of it. Like real sticky goo. But all of 'em are kind of at a distance looking at you. Funny. It's mostly herbivores. They're, it's like a herd of the dinosaur of this era. Mm. Okay. I Don't know their name. I'm gonna say I see an asosa. Hmm. That's the dinosaur, if I'm remembering correctly. And also I might google this real quick. Anky Asosa is like the tanky boy.


He's like low key. He's an herbivore. He's very defensive. He's like chill. He's kinda like the, the large dog of dinosaurs. Not derisive. They are not derisive dinosaurs. No. Supportive. No, not At all. We got space in the time machine, right? Yeah. Yeah. There's some space in there. It's kind of bigger on the inside situation. It's not unlimited or anything, but yeah, there's space. Yeah. So this is pretty big, but I think it'll fit. So I grab, I rip like some limbs off of some surrounding trees and vegetation and stuff. Oh. And I wave it in front of the OSA's face and I'm like, Hey, ah, come on. Hey. Whoa, whoa. And I get his attention and he sort of like slowly is like, ah, I need some leaves and comes over and I lure the OSA into the time machine and then he lays down in the corner to take a nap.


Oh wow. That's adorable. Oh, it's, so, it's, you're both your item and this is how you're gonna affect the time stream. Yeah, that's what I'm going with. All Right. So you kidnapped an osa. Okay. Gotcha. All right. Cool. Wow, that was well done, Wade. Go ahead, get out there. I give you a slap on the ass. On the way up. Slap. Oh, I say Try not to fuck anything this time. No promises. I find the first dinosaur I see, I show up my blockbusters cards say, are you impressed? One of, and then I wake up, I'm like, that was a weird dream. And I go outside the time machine and here's what I do childhood. Since childhood, I've been taught how to handle this moment. Every Easter, you know what happens?


Easter egg hunt. Oh. But I'm on a dino egg hunt. Oh. I'm going around looking for different dino eggs to gather 'em up and try to bring as many varieties and different types. A couple of each one, you know, hoping like, okay, occasionally maybe I get a male, female, whatever. I'm gonna try to get some dino eggs and bring them back. Bob's got an osa maybe, I don't know, maybe it's chilling. We'll like sit on the eggs. Maybe not. So I'll just kinda like try to keep 'em warm. And on the way back to the time machine, I yell, you guys should ride. There's a bomb expecting nothing to happen. But Nothing happens. They, they just look at you. Oh. And seeds. I look for like little pine cones or something to like scoop up and hold my eggs. Like, you know, I guess it's only one item. I'll make it Whatever you can carry in your arms And pockets.


I apparently, I don't have a phone. I still have pockets though, right? So I put a Yeah, yeah. You put pine, coney things in my pockets. Sure. All right. Okay. All right. So what is The likelihood that weight's gonna grab something that's actually like poisonous or it's gonna like sting them or something Very high? Extremely high. So many of these plants, the human body is never adapted to even touch them. The, the protein interfaces mostly don't interact. But some of them incredibly, incredibly itchy. So I'm not gonna say he is dying or anything. But Wade, you are now itchy. Unbelievably. You are prehistorically itchy. Sure. And when I get back, I'm gonna pass him out, let you guys look at him and be like, Hey, look at this. I'm busy with my ankle sous, I'm not looking at your stuff. No, Look at my pine cones. Not really. But Didn't you, hold on. Didn't you also grab Plants?


I grabbed a couple of very safe looking branches off of one plant. And then they were fine. This, this seems retroactively safe looking. You grabbed as many different types of foliage as you could find. I grabbed one thing. I hate To say this guys, but that meteor's about to hit. So we should probably go. Yeah. We were never gonna be able to help these dinosaurs. We could just stay. What if we send them to the future and we stay and just, Ooh, Oblivion. You know? All right, let's go. No, yeah, I'm, we're gonna go chunk. Whoa. That one made me ship my pants. Well, this is interesting. 25 60 BCE.


That's before common era. Egypt. Giza weirdly. September 10th again. Oh, you guys, are you looking up what happened on that day? Oh, you don't know what happened in this time. No. Yes. I told you. I know about the BC era. We have a computer in our time machine. I'm gonna ban that from now on your, after this one, you're not allowed to look up what happened on this day. All right. You just have to guess. Sure. I still don't know what happened because I stopped before I got there. So This explanation I found is unhelpful.


Here, I'll swing open the door. I swing open the door. There's a beautiful, pristine, glistening, white, gigantic pyramid. And at the top is a golden, like mini pyramid at the top. It's glorious. There's a whole crowd of people around it. They're all cheering and celebrating. Whether you, you kind of understand a little bit of ancient Egyptian. So you know that they're going, we did It. We did it. Ah. Or we free Now. And then, you know, they're asking a lot of that Interesting. Wade, You're up. Please don't fuck anything or anyone. That's Incredibly shortsighted of you. No, you, yeah. You can do whatever you want. Thank you. Also, we're gonna be like freaks of nature tall.


I just wanna throw that out here. People in this time period, very short. I don't know if you've seen mummies. I have not. They, they make you feel like a big man. Tell you what, so We're in Egypt in the past. The beautiful new looking pyramid is in front of me. Yeah. But I know for a fact that these fuckers didn't build it, the aliens did. So I'm gonna ask them all about the aliens. I want them to point me in the direction of the alien overlords that help put these pyramids down here. 'cause together, when we find the aliens, we're gonna fuck 'em. Hmm. Okay. And I'm gonna bring back, oh man, what do you bring?


A pair of alien panties. I don't know. What the fuck do you bring back? Hold on. You gotta wait. You gotta wait for their response. I show My blockbuster card to the sky and I say, beam me up Scotty. And then beam me, Scotty. And then, All right, so you stand there. You shout in a language that they don't understand because you understand a little of them. They don't understand anything you're, you're talking about. And they look at you funny and they're like, they're all looking up at you. 'cause they're very short, apparently. And they start to call for like the, the, the guy in the corner with a whip. Hey, batty daddy, the D mommy in Egypt. That's fine. But where's the aliens?


If that's the initiation, the hazing, I gotta go through Fine. But where's the aliens? All right. Okay. Of, I'll come back to you in a minute. All right. So Bob Wade's out there, he's about to get flogged and he is screaming rave and holding his card up to the sky. You don't have to interact with him at all. I don't. Good. Yeah. Good. What I do is, before I head out, I go and I start digging into my many, many boxes of Pokemon cards. And I know it's potentially throwing away a lot of money, but I need to find a meowth card. I need to find a meowth. And so I keep looking until I find a meowth.


It's pretty common card. So I probably find that pretty quick. A few packs. I don't know. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna use that card as proof that I have been sent by their alien gods, the cats to assume control of the empire. I go straight to the throne room and I, I seek a council with the great Pharaoh. It's a, you know, leader person. It's Not called a throne there. It's called a fair chair. It's the Pharaoh's chair. All right. I kneel before the fair chair. He is extremely old.


Looks like he's about at the end of his life. And he is, he was gazing wistfully at the giant pyramid. Like, oh, but Egyptian, you know, Groan an Egyptian And I, I present the Meowth card and in my broken Egyptian that I get to know 'cause Mark said it, I explain to everyone in the room and especially the guy in the fair chair that that's actually me. That I have assumed a human form because I'm here on earth. But I have actually this cartoon cat and their supreme cat god alien. And so then I'm in charge now and I assume control of the whole situation.


Okay, cool. Are they on? Do I have to wait? Are they on board with this? Yeah, I think they are because they did notice a giant machine that appeared out of nowhere. All of them did notice that. Or some of them nearby. And the giant gush of goo that comes out whenever we land from space time in Sand, that's gonna be really unpleasant. Yeah. And they really noticed when Wade ran out there and started screaming at the top of his lungs. So they really, it drew a lot of eyeballs. And so by the time you walk down, they see two almost equal height giants. And they've never even seen any one of your height ever. They allow you, in the throne room, you do talk to the guy. Your broken Egyptian is, is a little faulty. It doesn't get the full message True. But you are welcomed with open arms in the kingdom.


And they don't quite make you ruler yet, but you are very, you, you're now right next to the Pharaoh. You're a hundred percent onboard. Can probably influence them whichever way you want. Okay. I turn into, what's that guy's name who hangs out with the king of Rohan in the Lord of the Rings movies? Tim Allen. Yeah, Tim Allen. You, I remember Tim. Tim Allen. I turned to Tim Allen and I, and I grabbed the forearm of the Pharaoh as it rests on the fair chair. When I lean in and I say, you know, we really shouldn't have all these slaves. God says, let them go. God is me. I say, let them go. Eventually he gets it. 'cause again, broken Egyptian language.


But I get the message across. He believes me. He does. Over time. You wear him down. Meanwhile, waves getting flogged the entire time you we're here for a while. I guess so. You know, there's no immediate explosion. Well, White's enjoying it. I'm not gonna cut that off. And so slavery's abolished Before anything can happen that Pharaoh croaks. 'cause he was very old. So he actually died almost two days after the pyramid was completed. Oh no. Now the unfair D's gonna take over, But your message was heard and he enacted some Paul Wade said the word. Oh shit. I Did wait, said the word. Oh fuck. I did accidentally say the word.


What does that mean? I don't know. My God. Wade said the word, which means Wade triggered it. I have no idea what the last points you gave were. Mark was writing something down there. Oh, I was trying to remember what the steps that Bob even took while I was saying all that. But I was saying that he died. Was his death unfair to you? I guess that he enacted policies, he enacted policies to start against slavery. You think that's unfair? I just wanted a pun on the word Pharaoh. So I said unfair D Wait is proslavery. Yeah. That guy should live longer. You know what? He shouldn't die. No. He was about, oh, you don't get slavery policies. He was, he had just abolished slavery that had just happened. So Wade is challenging that I did not succeed in eliminating slavery and freeing all the people.


I really changed my opinion on the whole thing after my month of flogging. So I, I think It was two days, but that's fine. So three heads. And that's a success and that is unfair. And it gets changed. Three tails. And that's a failure. And that is very fair. And it, what it's doubly made doubly fair. Whatever Mark determines that to be, this is a confusing rule that we invented. Sure. Is It? But I think, yeah, I think, yeah, we'll figure it out if it lands on that. All right. My coin is the lady is heads the lion guy is tails 'cause he has a Tail Head. Head Bird tails.


Yeah. Yours don't need explanation. Are we doing this? Yes. Ready? Here we go. Head, Head Tails. Nothing happens. All right. Okay. All right. We almost had that. I don't know what would've happened if anything went wrong there. All right, so it carries on as was Tim Allen whispering in. He dies, but he enacts some policies. You won't know what the effect is. But it got the conversation started because honestly they hadn't even considered it. Hop back in boys. What'd you get? A whip, a pair of sandals. And that guy's version of a home phone number, which is just number of houses down that road.


Take a left at the big pyramid. Go. Okay, you gotta whip sandals and a drawing, a crude tablet drawing of his house. Location in the streets of God. I was just getting flogged the whole time, man. My options were limited. You kind of, you know, you made it clear where I was. So did I meet the aliens? Yeah. No, there were no aliens. In fact, we were the aliens most likely. Neither of you actually did as much as just the time machine appearing. But I'm only gonna, I'm, I'm gonna count with you what you guys got. Bob, what'd you get? When the Pharaoh died and they started doing what I was saying on my way out. I just sort of grabbed his outfit.


He had the big staff thing. Okay. All right. And some jewelry and stuff. And I just sort of stripped him naked and took his outfit. 'cause he didn't need that Anyway. Yeah, He was dead. He probably had like death clothes for the pyramid or something. So he is Probably fine. Okay. All right. That sounds good I think. Okay. All right. Hop in boys. I think we only have time for one more time. All Right. No looking this one up. We got this unk. Mr. Krabs, what are you doing here? I Brought him from the future. I unhip my pants on that one and went back in 'cause of time travel. Strange things occurring here in this one.


And oh, oh, 1776 Philadelphia, July 3rd. The only, not September 10th that we landed on, I, I think I finally worked out the bug on that one. We opened the doors and you see the early a building that looks real fancy. Not quite like Capitol Hill, but kind of a little bit. It looks, you know, like nice, looks like a government building. You know, there's a lot of parks, horse-drawn carriages, people in twill suits and other people in rags. Maybe A little war devastation.


'cause I wasn't there fighting going on around this time. No, no fighting. Oh, Bob, I go first. Yep. All right. I take my coin purse full of do balloons. Okay. And I take that gold and I find a huntsman because this is definitely a point in history where there would be a Huntsman somewhere. And I offer him several pieces of gold. And I say, I need you to kill me a bear and bring it back here. And the Huntsman is like more gold. And I'm like, yeah, whatever. And I give him a little bit more gold and he goes and kills me a bear and bringss it back. Okay.


So the bear is back. What I do is I using the dagger that was apparently on the pharaoh's hip from the previous stop. Okay, That's Fair. I ski starts skinning the bear and I peel it off. And what I really do is I turn the bear's front two legs into like a wearable cosplay suit where like if I put my arms in And it, there's like some strapping across the back and it's like I have, I have bear arms and I go back to where the time machine was to that nice building and I just strip off the rest of my clothes and I just start running around scaring people.


I don't do anything other than scare them. I don't hurt anyone. I start running around, I force my way into the building, start talking to all these guys and powdered wigs and stuff. And the whole time I'm just screaming. I read the document, I have a right to bear arms, I have a right to bear arm, and I'm just like, yeah, right. Screaming at everyone. Because I read that I have a right to bear arms and I'm just running around screaming at anyone who will listen. And it's terrifying and confusing. And I hear some of the guys as I'm running away mumble to each other. Like, you know, we, we don't really talk that one out very much. But that is confusing, isn't it?


That's some, that's some loose language we put in that second amendment. Huh? And then I think they say something about going back to the writing, the drawing board and maybe rephrasing some of the stuff they've been working on. No idea what they're doing. I just keep sprinting around with my bloody bare arms strapped onto my smaller human arms. And once I'm outta energy and I've scared as many he people as humanly possible, I just grab like a kite with a key tied to the string and get the hell back in the time machine. I'm pretty sure that you were gonna have the effect you want, but weren't the amendments passed a little while after the, They were already thinking about it. They were already thinking about it. You thought they were whispering that we didn't think through the Second Amendment what they really were thinking of.


Like, man, this is a fucking weirdo. We gotta get back to signing this declaration. My crazy. Isn't the revolutionary war going on right now? No, no. It was planting seeds. Okay, listen. Yeah. This is the beginnings. 1776 is the year we're in, right? Yeah. Yeah. July 3rd. It's fine. Don't think about it too much. Okay. All right. Here's what I do. I go and I'm looking for Mr. Hancock, I'm looking for Mr. Franklin. I'm gonna find one of the founding fathers and I'm gonna like, you know, recite different parts of the Constitution or the Declaration of Independence. I'm gonna give them like some stuff. I'll be like, Hey listen, I know what you guys are cooking up. Listen, we gotta talk about some, some caps, some financial caps.


'cause here I'm from the future, I'm gonna tell you, Mr. Franklin, oh boy, you do not want three people controlling 99% of the world's wealth. It's bad. We should probably maybe, I don't know, make sure that it's a little bit more spread out. So whenever we go into that whole, like, let's just gloss over some of the stuff that'll get fixed, I guess. But you know, there's some, there's some adjustments we need to make. Here's my blockbuster card. You guys come up with a filibuster. Lemme tell you this one, it's even bigger. Okay? So they're listening to you and they're going, but Benjamin Franklin does approach you and he takes that card and he looks at it really closely and he scrubs it between his fingers and he's like, how did you make this Future Go on?


I can't divulge things from the future or else it will change the past more than what I'm already doing by telling you to change the past. Oh, good thing it wasn't your objective to have the most profound change on the timeline. Don't Eat it. I wasn't going to, there's This whole micro thing real small. You don't want those in your body. Can I have this? No, I'm gonna have this. He tucks it in his pocket. Man. Ben Franklin's kind of a klepto. Ben. Ben's like you. He, he, he liked to take things and he liked to sleep with a lot of people. I remember they called him old thief, Stephen Ben. Anyway, he takes your blockbuster card. I, I really need that back. It was my one thing from nope. Nineties. Nope. Well, Can I have something of value from your time will trade. My kite was stolen this morning.


I don't want to talk to you. Well, I take your glasses and I run. Okay. You, you quickly snatch them off his face and you run as fast as you can. All Right, well I can kind of see why Ben probably 'cause such a dick. I guess. Everyone just taking all his stuff all The time. Well, he stole from me first. I was just reflecting on my actions. Am I the reason the Second Amendment exists? Is that what you're gonna land on? Mark? You Might have made it though. Yeah. Yeah. You might've reinforced it at least. Or caused them to think it again. If The actions that we decided to take actually did happen, how many extra points do we get? Is that bonus points? No. Well that's unfair. Too late man. Too late. You only get Got one. We got so much to get through. Is that a time to get, we get, get In, get in.


It's almost out of power. We gotta get back to our time before it's too late. Dive, dive. Actually it was, there was plenty of power. There was no reusing the panic at all. Oh, Kurt Junk. I need a new blockbuster car. Can we make a pit stop in the nineties? No. And then we're back. All right, so you step out to a brand new world and let me tell you, it's not that different. Shockingly very little has changed. All the bomb threats did prevent people from being in the buildings during the attack. But the Pentagon was still hit. And I've Reported all of that to the news that should have gone out. They knew it was coming.


Yeah. So the odd thing is conspiracy theories are dramatically on the rise because the, all the bomb threats before did clear it out. And there was a crazy man on the news, very small side story, but there was a crazy man that was unearthed after like some old archives got picked up of noose stories that they saw. Security camera footage of some tall, bald guy going in there screaming about how there was gonna be an attack the next day. And then there was, so that was evidence compounding. So conspiracy theory about September 10th, which they call it now, is really, really way higher than it is even today. And so people were more suspicious of, you know, the actions. But George Bush still, you know, war in, you know, middle East, that still Happens. Nine 10 conspirator.


Yeah. Slight differences. But you know, you weighed, you're famous now because people see you now and know you from your tape. 'cause it wasn't that long ago, dude. I'm going viral. I'm gonna start a political podcast. Yeah. You also notice that there's a suspiciously higher, more proportion of people that are bald and slightly taller And gene pool, It's not that much. But there is, you you, the average height has gone up by like half an inch across the board. And that's driven by more people that are six foot four and bald. You're welcome world. Also the Slave rebellion in Egypt, it happened anyway, but it was slightly less bloodshed I think.


I'm not a hundred percent sure how those events turned out, but that was, that was pretty decent because the meteor was gonna hit anyway. It wiped out any evidence or any bacteria or any effect that we would've had that far in the past kind of sanitized everything. So really we didn't have that. There wasn't even a chance for wi wind from a butterfly's wings to even spread far enough to cause another ripple effect that that meteor kind of just, it was a canon event. There's One less dinosaur and a few less eggs that are gonna be turned into Dust. Yeah, Yeah. It's interesting because you still have a dinosaur and you still have eggs and that's gonna change some things in the future. So that is interesting, Bob, You wanna open Jurassic part, Build it and they will come. That's what I always say.


We'll spare no expense. I'm famous now for my conspiracy conspiracy story days. I'm fine. You sound fine. There is something interesting. Microplastics are so much higher in everyone's bodies because by Ben Franklin's stealing your card. He was so curious about it that he started the industrial revolution slightly before it would've happened because they found oil and he started turning it into plastics way sooner. There's so much more plastic waste in the ocean. There's so much more plastic waste in the world around us. And everyone has not just a credit cards about a plastic in their brain. They have about 10 blockbuster cards In the government. Is there a blockbuster that's bigger than a filibuster now?


No, I hate Ben Franklin. But the second amendment is curiously changed from bear arms to have weapons and that has thrown some weird legal loopholes into how people treat the second Amendment. But people are still very, very much protective of their right to have weapons. The definition of which is debated throughout the rest of time. That's crazy. Yeah, that's pretty nuts side effect. Hugh Glass, famous Frontiersman trapper traitor Hunter and explorer was not as famous as he was back then because he was not mauled by a grizzly bear.


Oh yeah. So he's not well known for his mauling of a grizzly bear. Did they find a shoe in Pompeii? It looks modern. No, it was actually melted by the lava. All right. But some people who left Pompeii that day just so happened to be your partners in that spread. Your gene Was Nazi Germany, still called Nazi Germany. Bob did carve the don't trust Nazis into the walls. Right. I did do that. That's true. That's true. Let me see something. I wanna see how, what the effect of the lava had on wall carvings. Okay. No, yeah, there was still plenty. Okay. So that, that definitely did survive. There still was a third Reich. It just was not called Nazis. Let's call them.


Oh, zes. They're called zes. Well, That wasn't quite what I was hoping for, I guess. But that's, Yeah, it turns out that Hitler and his, you know, being in World War, world War, I still happened because Nazism wasn't even a thing. And largely the events of World War II were more driven by the events of World War I and putting Germany into a, you know, an economically vulnerable and politically unstable time period. I'm Pretty sure Pompeii was the reason World War I happened. He's probably right. I mean, it does, yeah. I would say it kind did bleed from one to another. So hey. But that was pretty good. I have to say the biggest change that I notice is Wade introducing his genes into the gene pool far sooner than it ever should have.


So he had a profound effect on the average height in the world and more baldness in, in, in history. So that was cool. And you guys bringing dinosaurs to the future, that's gonna be, that's gonna be really weird. I can't see a way that that's gonna go wrong. Except they die instantly because their immune systems aren't ready for the bacteria and viruses of this era. 65 millions of lost evolution in their immune systems developing means they pretty much keel over within a few days, frothing at the mouth, but their carcasses are still very valuable for science. So that's cool. But they die that, that angio source dies in your arms. Bob. I weighs like four or five tons or something, so hopefully next to me you Are crad cradling its head, you know, kind of like, unless it's head is also huge.


Well, it's Head is like the size of a small vehicle. I don't know. I could, I'll take it. You know what? Okay, we loved each other. That's fine. You're rubbing it. Well it's dying on the ground. It's very beautiful, but very sad. Wade, your eggs turn to mush inside the shells. What happens to like the seeds and the plants and stuff? They also turn to mush. I think I'm gonna go get checked out at the doctor Bob, but I don't think this time machine was very good for us. You think we should go look at It's fine. All right. I gave points for Bob for having all the bomb threats. That was definitely the most significant of that time period. Wade, you had the most significant of Pompeii for the tiny last minute edition of had fun in the sheets, everything else, no effect.


But people lived from Pompeii. They survived. Yeah, it Was the day before. Oh yeah. So there was still people traveling in and out. I'm assuming at least one of them made it out and, but right back to Bob with the Pharaoh business. That was definitely a more profound change. What? Getting flogged for a month. What do you mean? And then the dinosaurs. I was gonna call that a wash just because generally didn't do too much. But I think maybe if we're going by impact, Bob bringing back a dinosaur is probably better than some eggs and some pine cones. So I maybe I'll give him that one. Ha. And then wade you by giving Ben Franklin the blockbuster card. I Did not. The fucking klepto stole it. Well, okay.


I'm All right then. So congratulations guys. You didn't actually mess up that much at all. I don't think too much was changed for the good, but not that much was changed for the bad. And you guys did really good. That's surprising. More me and the gene pools, obviously what people want. Yeah, that's Good. I I feel like that explains why there are historical pictures with you in them. It's true. What if all of this is absolutely true? Oh, What if we're just priming the masses to understand the nature of our true existence? All right, so wait, you got a point for traffic? You got a point for, it's a fucking thing You got a point for. Had some fun in the sheets in Pompeii. You know, it's some points for founding father.


Oh, Ben Franklin stealing your blockbuster card and that's it. Okay, Bob, You got a point for seahorse to land horse to Pegasus. You got a point for all the bomb threats possible. You got a point for Pharaoh outfit. Oh no, sorry. The pharaoh, the, the slavery effecting and then was that it? Oh no, wait, no. The dinosaur one. That's right. I forgot. And a point for a dinosaur one, which if you read the scoreboard is four to Four. Hey, one man show. Nope. One man show. We have another wheel. We have the bonus wheel has been, thank God. Unless a good lands on 2, 2, 2, 2, 2.


All right. And I'm rolling. It's really rolling. Oh, I have to hit stop. Oh, sorry, Sorry. I was like, well, the anticipation was building so much. All right, stop. 2, 2, 2. All right. Oh, It's fine. It's fine. What? Oh, what do you wanna add to the wheel mark? You get to add a thing. Oh, what Should we do? There's so many things that happened. Doesn't have to be related to the episode. Yeah, but it could be, oh, I got who whoever said fuck the most Who did that?


It was you. Oh Yeah, you, yeah, you started with, it's a fucking thing. It's a Fucking inside You. I say it much after that Age. Egypt, you were Oh yeah, yeah, absolutely. Age Egypt. You were all over the place. Yeah, Actually I'm not a hundred percent sure, but I'm pretty sure that would be You win. I'll take it. I'll take the credit for the fucking, That's a good one for like long term though. 'cause that that definitely comes up. Here's the wheel. Are you prepared? Yes, I think so. D Been number one. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I was laughing pretty much the whole time. I don't know why. I just feel like this is Wade, but I'm trying to remember the moment that I'm like thinking of I, Yeah, I was, I was laughing at Wade a lot just because of his ridiculousness.


I think the, I think the, it's a fucking thing made me laugh really hard. Yeah, That might be the bigger one. I feel like it goes to Wade. I won't Argue. Okay, Come on. Give Bob a point. Hey, wait a minute. Oh wait. God, Why is it So loud this time? Ow. Why wait, it was loud that time. It was so loud. That time I didn't change anything. What the fuck? Can we land on the same one twice? We never discussed that. Yeah, we didn't discuss this ahead of time. No, but I feel like it should be two different things. Well, well remove, yeah, no, no doubles.


That's not terribly likely that that happened. But God, the wheel's so loud. I'm sorry, I don't know how to mute that. Oh no. Wait. Oh. Oh no. Does that mean that markets it or is it between me and Wade? I think it's between you and Wade, but either way the result I think is the same. Does that mean we both get a point or we don't get any points? No. Wade got one point for biggest laugh and then if we go by shortest being me, it would be me. Or if we go by shortest being between the two of you, I think Wade is half an inch.


It would be Me. Yeah, you got like a half inch on me. Really? Oh, I, I was assuming Wade and I are basically the same height. I don't even, We are pretty much. But you're, I think you're a little bit taller. I don't know. I think you're a little taller than me. We both describe ourselves as like six four, right? Yeah, I think, I remember on the tour you guys were back to back and measured And it was like by this, then again, my perspective was so low. I don't know who's, I couldn't reach all the way up There. We can re-roll again if you want. Like I don't Mind. No, I think, I think that's definitive. Well that just means it ends in a tie, right? No, it doesn't end in a tie. If I, oh no. Wait, Wade. Shortest. The shortest gets fuck. Yeah. Yeah. See? Yeah.


Un unfair. Oh, Too late. What do you mean too late? No, he is allowed. I think you get one each, right? Isn't it one per Episode? I guess I was assuming it was one each, but I don't think we were that specific about it. Well the danger of it is because if you call out someone for saying unfair, does that use up yours? Man, that rules really obscure. It does say once per episode. You may declare unfairness by saying the word unfair out loud. But I, I think we meant it as each of the competitors. I mean, mark is the host. Mark gets to be the interpreter of this I think. I think it's, I think we could say one per episode. Yeah, let's just do one per episode. I think that's okay. One Per episode. That's fine. Alright.


We went on quite an adventure, Wade. You had the most profound effect on gene pool and all of your other actions had nothing to do with anything. And The most sad acts. That's what I meant by the The gene. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Anyway, Winter speech. Yeah. You know what history is written by the victors and I think the three of us in our adventures showed that we were the victors of history. We got to see a lot of September tenths over the years. And I think we know about the weather patterns on the 10th. And I think that between that and our Nostradamus like abilities and my already fame and Bob's Pokemon card and Dinosaur fortune and Mark apparently didn't do a fucking thing in the past.


So like He was our captain. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Captain can leave the ship. All right. So maybe next time captain does something, you know, but it's cool Bob. And I'll just carry the wind on our shoulders. So I think Bob and I are the real winners and yeah, thanks Mark for pushing a button. I guess It was a lever. Yeah, it was clearly a lever. It was heavy too. It was a heavy lever. Not If you're six four. I don't know what that has to do with anything. Leverage. I get more leverage 'cause my arms aren't as long as yours, so I have more advantageous attachments to my bones, so. Sure. Anyway, a terrible winter speech. Probably the worst one we've ever had. Bob Loser's speech.


Yeah. You know, I gotta be honest, I kind of gave up on this one. I think I could have done better. I think if I knew more history I could have done a little bit better. And I was even looking stuff up and I still, you know what? It's my own fault for being such a stupid piece of shit. Really. It turned out all You had to do was, fuck, I should have just followed my most base carnal instincts and I would've had much more of an impact on the world than I ended up having. And that's, that's just what you get. You think you're clever, you're not, I don't mean you, I mean me. I'm talking to me. This loser speech is targeted at myself anyway. I deserve this, I deserve this, I earned it.


And I have to live with that for the rest of my life. Yeah. As do we all. Thank you everybody so much for living with this, for the rest of your life. Can't wait to see what the future is gonna bring with all the changes that have occurred. They were very real and they're very true. So carry that with you. Forever and ever. And ever and ever. Like a scar. And we are knocking in together for Christmas, even if we're technically thousands of year old separated family. Oh, I thought you were saying that to us. I You were just threatening everyone in general. Yeah, Just everyone in general I see. With that threat. Remember to follow the podcast or else Wade will not invite you to Christmas. And also we'll change your past forever. Be sure to follow all these guys at Lord Manion. 7, 7 7 or Minion. Seven. Seven seven. And Myr, M-U-Y-S-K-E-R-M and merch will be coming back very soon.


Wow. Anyway, that's all Podcast Sound.