
This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it. Most hint, it's Uber. What about me? When I show up to your house at 3:00 AM that's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, It would've been really nice if you had told me that just left me out to drive for no reason. Hey, Bob. Sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way, so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way.


This episode is brought to you by Magic, the Gathering. The worlds of Final Fantasy are coming to magic, the Gathering wheeled iconic spells, some in legendary beasts, and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions, and wonder that fans love. This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college, bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friends. This is just a great Cola, two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff, and just long running like all the way back to my childhood. Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the Adventure, this set is for you. The Final Fantasy and Magic, the Gathering Crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com.


This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot. I'm pretty happy with my room here, but there are still some things I would change. I would love to have pegboard on the wall so I could hang some more stuff. Could really use a coat of paint. I could use a couple more lights to sort of fill out. I need some stuff from the Home Depot. And obviously the perfect gaming setup is different for every person, but whatever kind of games you like, whatever your gaming routine is, however you like to game, having exactly the right space to enjoy what you're doing, it's a luxury that you can get. And the good news is you can get everything you need to create that perfect gaming room. From the Home Depot, they have paint, smart lights, sound dampening, foam wall treatment stuff, furniture, decorations, organization, bins, shelves. They have everything you need. All you have to do is go to the Home Depot. It's a one stop. You can even get it delivered to your house. I've had that. I had some stuff delivered right to my garage. It's lovely. Build your perfect gaming room with the Home Depot. Click or tap the banner to shop. Now.


This episode of Distractible is presented by Vitamin Water. Some drinks are fun, some drinks are functional, but Vitamin Water said, why not Both. The Elevate Blue Raspberry actually very good. As I'm getting older, I found that I'm a raspberry guy. They also have zero sugar rehydrate, pineapple passion Fruit. As I'm getting older, I'm finding I'm really a pineapple guy. I'm like Wade. But with apples, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glass O Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of Glasso.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers, and welcome to Distractible. This episode, mechanical Mark, the displays pickup altruism, moves in with a porn performer, then gets lennick with a punishing trial, bald shaming. Bob discusses his wood defies, Morgan, Duane Gordon, mark, and beverages. Wide-eyed, weighed neglects Newman knowledge praised to Pebbles, siege machinery, Batman and hot air from unrighteous attacks to Texas. Two step. It's time for Cian.


Now. Sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hello. Welcome to Distractible, your number one source of technology. News. Technology updates all about tech. Everything about tech. We're a tech podcast, Right, guys? Yeah, they call me m mk. Bob hd Wade. What do they call you? Wade? Bald. Where'd the confidence go, Wade? Come on. He talked about the one thing I know the least about A bold claim from Wade. That's true. There are a lot of things I know least about Bob's off to a crazy stir sick burn.


Oh Yeah. Well, he's green shirted. That's me. Oh, yeah, that was good. Does that also go above plus for a green shirt? It's now. I was gonna give it to you when I'm, I realize the error of my ways. Well, if we're not a tech podcast, then I guess we're just some sort of comedy podcast that does random games, has no consistency. We change who's in charge, and we change the rules as often as we can get away with the Constitution has been a hamper on that. But hey, in America, we don't believe in that shit. So what does it matter Anyway? Yeah, Get 'em.


I am here to, well, probably for not much longer, but I'm here to subject these two to my whims and my whimsy in that order. But before I get to the whimsical whimsy, which one of you wants to start off with telling us about how your day has been weighed? Bonus points, if you allude to your hypothetical non or fictional car. I do have a car update. Is It in the ocean? Well, I guess technically it's like Schrodinger's car right now. I don't really know where, for sure. I took it in to get it cleaned up. 'cause cicadas are just annihilating everything right now. And every time you drive five minutes, The sea water really wrecks systems.


I don't know, some three days of the week I can take it in for a free car wash for whatever period of time. So I was like, look, my windshield is covered in dead, cicada goo. And I did one of those like interior coatings to help protect the interior so it lasts longer. Sure, sure. And I don't know what happened, but the back seats are just like, they got lines of dripping. And I was like, I don't think they're supposed to have these lines of dripping. Can we touch that up? They're like, oh yeah, sure. They sent me on a bit of a runaround, but eventually we found someone who was like, yeah, we'll take care of it. It'll take a couple hours. You know what? It might take like to five hours. I'm assuming you guys don't wanna wait that long. I was like, I don't want to sit here for five hours.


So they're like, okay, well this is on us. We'll get you hooked up with a rental. We'll give you a call in a few hours. You can get your car. Everything will be fine. That was yesterday. Where's my car? Call me. Just a, Just a wash. It's Still being cleaned. Apparently. It's a real detailed car wash. I think It's gonna be so clean when you get it back. Guaranteed. I have a bonus podcast update. Wow. Okay. Aw, I got a message I tweeted out. I was like sharing that. We had an episode come out on Monday, and one person responded to that. I don't know why I spend time listening to this podcast. It's just disappointing.


And I reminded myself, man, they spent a lot of money being forced to watch and listen to this. But that, I think that one comment is representative of everyone who watches and or listens. Just Very disappointed in the podcast that we present. And I just wanted you guys to know. That's fair. Any reason? Any particular reason That was the entirety of their message? Does that message really need explanation? Mark? I think you're just being facetious. It's disappointing. What is unclear and also what is surprising about that? All right, well, okay. All right. So Wade, you get a point for being disappointing. Mark, you sent me down a rabbit hole. I don't know how I feel about it. And I also don't know if I'm gonna get a roll top desk or not.


Oh, interesting. I, we talked about this. We talked about this. There are a lot of roll top desks, and I've basically come to the conclusion that I don't wanna spend the money on a new hardwood one. I kind of wanna buy like a used one and maybe refinish it, or maybe just have a night like it. It's a good thing. It's good to keep furniture alive and give it a new life. And I wanted to do that. Even the smallest roll top desk, they don't seem to come apart. They seem to be solid units. There's no like, oh, the top comes off. I'm pretty sure I'd have to rent a pickup truck in order to make this dream come true. You telling me, you telling me in Ohio, you don't have a friend, a neighbor who has a pickup truck that would be so happy.


I know. As a guy that has a truck now, whenever someone asks me to help them with something, I'm like, fuck yeah. I have a truck. This is what I was born for. Yes, please. You actually let me use my truck to haul something. There Are lots of pickup trucks. I don't know anyone even slightly who has one of those things? What vacuum do you live in? There are literally, there are people with pickup trucks in my neighborhood, but I don't, we're not like friendly. Like they live up down the street, up the street around the people around me all drive, literally all drive Honda CRVs or Honda Accords. Hmm. Those are the only cars I have. Or, or one friend has a a two-door Lexus sports car that's real unlike Wade's.


But like I, I have the biggest, I have a big hybrid electric SUV, I have the biggest car in my neighborhood except for the people who have pickup trucks who live, you know, a couple, couple blocks down and I'd never talked to. And one of 'em has one of those pickup trucks that I don't think he would want a big desk in the back of. It's like a, it's like a bright orange, hard to get in and out of really, really ridiculously uncomfortable looking deal that when he starts it up, even though he lives far away, it kind of echoes around the whole neighborhood. Like it's gonna shatter windows kind of deal. Very cool truck. I think I'm so paying attention. I swear to God. I am. I just, I believe You. I know what you're capable of.


I am. I'm enraptured. I'm enraptured by your words. Anyway. I just don't know if it's gonna work, mark. I just don't think it's possible. But now I'm obsessed with the idea of can I get a roll top desk? Could I take it into sections? Could I put it in the back of my car and just tie the trunk down and just do the, Put it on your roof like a tree. You could rent A temporary U-Haul for like 20 bucks. Yeah. Well that's the thing is I can rent a pickup truck or a, or a U-Haul or whatever for like, it's always like, rent it for 20 bucks for an for the first hour. Oh, that's the Dude. Make you do like four hours or something. But yeah. Plus fees plus whatever. Plus. No, I got you.


I got you. Here you go, Bob. Here's your strategy. You look at where the pickup or the, the, the desk is, right? Yep. You search that area for nearby car and truck dealerships. Yep. You go to there, say like, I want to test drive one. I just really need to know what I'm buying before I get behind the wheel. You, you say like, Hey, I've always wanted to go down this path. My childhood home I'd loved. My dad had a pickup truck. You drive down the, he's tears by now because you're so telling the story, so well Sure, sure. Go, go to the place. Pick up the roll top desk. You go, oh my God, it's still here. Wow. My childhood desk. You don't think, and he's so weeping.


Can you help me put it? He lifts it, puts it in the truck. You're like, wow. Oh my God, I have to get this home. Please, please. I you could ride with me. In fact, do ride with me and you go home, get 'em to bring it out. And then when you're at your house, Help me move it into my basement. Exactly. Exactly. Can you take this other stuff with you? Hey, look, this truck's not for me. And then you let Him drive it back. Problem solved. I was gonna say, while we're here, I've actually got about one truckload's worth of stuff I really need to take over to the dump. Would you mind helping me? It'll only take like another hour, hour and a half tops. People are gonna start doing this.


This is dangerous advice. Mark. Not every dealership makes you have a person ride along with you anymore. When I test drove for my current car, they just gave us keys to the car and we're like, have fun. And I was kind of like, That blew me away when that happened to us. 'cause I was like, don't you guys want to thank you? Look, it doesn't really, I guess I kind, I thought about it when it happened. 'cause I was, I was kinda like, that's really bold. But they like copy your license. Like they know who you are Except one time they forgot that step for me. If you are gonna do something fucking crazy, if there's a guy in the car from the dealership and he is like, no, don't. Is that gonna really stop you?


Like, what's he gonna do? Grab the wheel. If you're like, I'm gonna test drive this car and fucking crash it into a what? A guy in the passenger seat being like, oh, don't do that. You're gonna crash. Look out. Yeah, I know. How's the plan? I'm glad someone's here to witness my genius. Well, I'll give you points for boldness in whatever way you exploit other people to get that roll top desk. I have a Mark applier update. Damn. What? This is breaking news on my timeline, mark. First of all, I didn't know your birthday was June 25th, 1990. That's news to me. Sure. I also didn't know that you lived in Germany and were married to a German pornographer actress.


Oh man. But I just got the article right here that is definitely written by people and is real. But I just wanna say, I can't believe you've been living this double life this whole time. Does it actually say Mark Applier or is it just some other guy named Mark Fishbach? Marcus Mark Applier. Fishbach. All spelled wrong. See now, if that was real ai, they wouldn't misspell it. And I think that, I think that this is true article written by a human. Yeah. I just didn't, I didn't know all this about you, but here we go. I learned a lot today. But congrats. And also, I can't believe there's a California Germany I never knew about.


I can't believe either. That's It for my weird social media updates. Yep. Where's my car? Okay, well, I'll talk about my life later because we've got other things to discuss for those that are curious. I'm fine in la Nukes haven't been launched yet, but I will, I have my secret YouTuber underground bunker that I will dive into and, and be protected of. Obviously this situation is very serious and I'm hesitant to make lots of jokes about it. But this is comedy podcast. And so I will make jokes anyway at the expense of my own honor and morals. Very funny. I'm gonna tell you then what I told you Guys.


One of the things, one of the things That happened that was really funny in a cosmic sense, not in a direct sense, is wherever the ice agents were staying in their hotels, protesters went to those hotels and just Me, me, me, me all Night long, just leaning on the horns. They got kicked out of this hotel. That hotel, they just got passed out further and further out to la and then they swung right back, came into Glendale, and then they got kicked out there in whatever hotel they were in because all the hotel managers and owners, it didn't matter if they were like aligning with the politics or beliefs or whatever, it, it doesn't really matter. All of them were just like, it's just bad business guys. You gotta go, you, you gotta go.


This is all the other people here. Don't want to stay here when you're here and everyone's honking. So anyway, just cosmically funny little tidbit. I think everyone would enjoy. You know who it's not funny for Mark, you know who you're not thinking of here is those poor ho those poor hotel managers. This is not funny for them. Do you think they all ask for a refund individually? Do you think they have one big ice credit card? It's probably on the company card, right? I don't know how these things work. You know, like the ice ice daddy came in and was like, we need 35 rooms and just, You know, it's, it's really funny because that would be the determin of if they're actually ice agents or just dudes in cosplay.


Do they dress like Mr. Freeze when they go places and they have to say like, puns, Listen, we are making jokes here that are in the moral zone. Yeah, that was outside, man. That was too far. I'll stay out here. Okay, anyway, that's the update. But it's, but it's a serious issue. I'm not trying to make light of it's, it's a fine lie. 'cause I don't wanna be like, listen, it's not as bad as it's portrayed, but also it's a very serious situation. I don't know how to properly articulate that. So anyway, that's what I'll say. And by the time people watch this, it'll be out of date. Unless it's still going on. Which it could be. Yeah, it could be better. It could be worse. It's hard to say. Things are weird. It's like an internal never ending struggle.


Right? It's like a perpetual, unending battle. Wink, wink, wink, wink, wink. Are you supposed to be winking? It's exactly what Mark is saying. Yeah. Right Guys. Right guys? It's like a perpetual, unending battle segue point, please. And no, anyone know anything that's, I don't know, kind of like that? Oh, Grocery shopping. The f the forever war in the war. Hammer universe. The flying llama thing and never ending story. I dunno. Whatever it's Yeah, yeah. Thing. The flying llama. No, I know what he's talking about. I guess That's not a Bad description of it, but it's not a good description either.


Anybody just like a, a kind of really famous story about a perpetual struggle. War of 18, 12 Sherlock Holmes, captain America. Okay. Kind of like, not really, but the little Engine that could Brave little toaster. I would love a sequel in today's modern technology world. And the Rugrats all growed up Flay. Okay. Kind of with wall, but not really. Okay. And think older. Older. Older. Terminator. Terminator. It's older than Wally. Yeah, that's true.


That's true. That's No, it's taking place of the future, man. It's, that's actually newer. No, it's actually Wally's future is farther future than that. Future land Before time. Okay. Too far back. Land after time. It's time, time after time. Take on me. Look how, How You're so close. Not really. You were closer before Elvis jailhouse rock. Back to the future. I'll give you a hint. I'll give you a hint. Sperm Push. Bob. Jellyfish The stock market. Always up, baby. That's what we're talking about. Housing Costs. An Untoppable balloon Took too much. Viagra.


Come on. A story. A story. A story. A story about always going up. Sis ss Hang on. S Sis. Hang on. Wait a minute. What I, what's the second part of that one? S. Syphilis, syphilis. Syphilis, Phi. Syphilis in the small rocks. No, no, no, no, no. I could get there. I could get there. He flew too close to the sun and his arms melted. Oh no. Sibu. Sisyphus. Ah, God damn it. It was like, it was like Ethan was Sri scr. It scr.


Scr it. Riddle rittle.


This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new. Zero sugar flavors like rehydrate, pineapple passion, fruit squeezed lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So


This episode is brought to you by Apple Cash. Sending payments used to be clunky, unnecessarily difficult, and weirdly invasive at times until I discovered Apple Cash. With Apple Cash payments are private by design, so I don't have to deal with public feeds, awkward reactions or other payment drama. I can send cash in messages right in the conversations I'm already having, which is super convenient. There's Also a cool feature called Tap to cash that lets you pay somebody nearby by holding your iPhone near theirs. Switch to Apple Cash and start sending privately. Apple Cash Services are provided by green.bank member, FDIC.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it most. That's what Uber is all about. Like when Wade's house was flooding and falling to pieces all around him and you showed up just when he needed you to, so you could film it and exploit it for views on the internet. No. Whatever it is, bigger or small, Uber is on the way. So you can be on yours, Uber, on our way to your house.


Wade Sis. Oh, Oh, no. Oh, Oh, no. What? Oh no, it's a fine. Which one of us is on top? I assume that we're the two Sis fees. Okay. Yeah, you're the two sifi. I think we're side by side. You're on the same level. Okay. I had to modify the mountain a bit to get tears. So you have steps. I'm a top. Oh, I see. Those are our faces. I'm just not very smart or looking at it very closely. If I had more time, I would've built this in 3D and I actually, no. If I had any desire at all to do that, I would've done that.


But I didn't do that because I didn't wanna do that at all. No, I, I like this. I think this is good. You two are both Sisyphus. You can have, that's your last name, right? So you're Bob Sisyphus and your wade Sisyphus your brothers or something, or whatever. I don't know. Make them cousins, whatever scenario. Yeah, sure. Cousins, right? Put The climb up these rocks, bro. Why do I ha Is that Sisyphus accent? That's that's It right there. He's got it. Is that Borad? I don't even know what accent I did. Oh no. I can't believe this rock keeps rolling down this hill, bro. Not very nice. Oh, listeners, there are two rocks and then there's a brown staircase.


It's a mountain, obviously. 11 steps to lead to the mountain flag. We're at the beginning of our 11 step program. Well, 10, it's 10 steps, but We're on the first one. We're on the ground. It's 10 actionable steps. So it's like, you know, one, two, oh. All Right. Fair enough. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. We Need to go up 10 levels. Yes you do. You have to go to 10 levels. Whoever gets to the top of the mountain gets their freedom. You have been cursed by the gods for your hubris. Wade, what was your crime? Oh, smelly pits. Smelly pits. Hmm. Terrible crime. Terrible crime.


Bob, what do you do to offend the gods while Holding my 10 gallon bucket of wheelchairs? Fired my shotgun wildly into the air trying to kill the gods. They did not care for that. Hey, I know that reference. I Know this one Today. It doesn't really matter what your starting crimes was, that doesn't affect the game at all. I was just kind of curious what you guys would, would make them. All right, so here's how it's gonna work. I have my new spinner Spin. I have to manually stop it or it'll go forever. It's very spinny. All right, so here's how it goes. You don't know which God cursed you. So you are going to pray to any God you want.


You have to name the God what they're the God of. So like, I pray to God of X, please give me a boon. And that's the only way that you're gonna go up or down the staircase. You can't just be like, I'm gonna push it. Because in the story of Sisyphus, his own effort never got him to the top You. You got in there with the God's blessings. You got out there with the God's blessings. But it's not guaranteed that the Gods are gonna give you what you want, unless I guess it really aligns. I don't know. I'll make a judgment call. But we're gonna roll a D 20 in terms of success and failure. And also be careful what you wish for.


Because it could be interpreted in different ways, or it could be more than you want. Also, you can pray to detrimentally affect your opponent or positively affect your opponent. You can pray for anything you want, but the objective remains the same. You gotta get up this hill. Do We have to know real gods for this? You make 'em up. Thank God. Well, thank me. Thank, thank us. Thank you. Thank we. Thank we. Are you ready? He sounds excited. Well, Wade, you're going first, then I, I'll even give you the going first point. I knew it. I was ready for this.


All right, Wade, what do you think of the, what are you thinking? What are you, what are you doing? What are you, what's going through your mind when you're at the bottom of this mountain? It Looks pretty high up there. So I'm, I just pick a God to pray to. 'cause I got one in mind. Yep. I'm gonna pray to the God of helium that this boulder weighs a lot less. Hmm. That's a good prayer. That's a good prayer. Alright, so above, above 11 to 20 is success. One to 10 is failure. Ah, 10. Right on. The money didn't make it. Ah, sorry man. The God of helium. It just like went into your lungs or something and you just, now you talk funny.


All right, Bob, wait, who are you praying to? Oh, sorry, here. Sorry. You can't pray to the same God twice. That's the thing about it. You have to have a different God. You could pray to the God of hydrogen that would be different enough with a similar effect, but you can't be the same God. It's one and done. I pray to Morgan Freeman, also known as God himself, please. Almighty Morgan Freeman use your beautiful silky voice and other godly powers to convince the boulder to roll itself up the hill. You know, I did.


I was gonna have a rule where you can't just pray to God, period, because it has to be the God of something. But I think you've found a technicality here. Let's just see what happens. And then I'll go from there. Hey, why am I doing it to the camera again? Alright. Yeah, just, just, just, just so you can see it. That's fine. Oh seven. That's not Very Good. Sorry. Turns out that was just a movie. He wasn't actually God. Morgan Freeman is a mortal man with his own sins and faults just like the rest of us. Maybe more, maybe less. What do we really know? Anyway, you don't go anywhere. Wait, who are you praying?


I pray to the Sigma God himself to give me the smooth cut and jib and powerful muscles that allow me to fo this little rock right up the hill. So you want to beat Sig God of sigma? Is that what it is? I almost said Lima. That I corrected myself in my mind. So yeah, Sigma is the one I want. You kinda, you kind of, you kind of muttered on that. The, the, the name of it. So let's see how that pans out for you. Dude, 10 again, I'm so sorry. That's So close. God. A sigma did not grant you, if you remember that quiz that we took of whether we were sigma or not. You, you were not sigma.


Ah, Only one of us was Maybe the spinner ISS broken. I don't know. Does it actually have all the numbers? I haven't checked. Can it go above 10 or is it just like, yeah, I see numbers above 10. I do. I swear, man. I, I do. All right. Okay. Well, statistically, you know, it's fine. All right. Where'd you get this dice spinner from a joke shop? Probably Bob. Oh, I pray to Tyler Ninja Blevins, the god of Lima curse. My opponent to dance the floss dance endlessly for the rest of eternity, making his task that much harder. I'm not seeing any movement.


Sorry. Let's see that. 17. Hey, it does go above 10. Alright, let's just say that worked. And I was really only accounting it to go backwards and not dance. I'll say he loses a turn. Damn. I wanted three tens in a row. Yeah. Well, don't worry, man. You'll get it on the next one. All right. So that worked. Bob, pray again. I pray to Dwayne the Rock Johnson, God of rocks to give me the strength to make my rock go up one step. I just realized like the skipping a turn almost made it like you didn't even do the last wish, because now you just do one for yourself.


Hey, I had to dance. He was dancing. That, that was, he wasted energy. Maybe that'll live. I think you should have to do like five seconds of the actual floss dance on camera in real life. I don't even fucking know the floss dance. Is it the one where you're like, Yeah, no, that's right. That's pretty much Do It. Do it faster. Do it faster. Do it faster. That's exactly It. And anyone who's not a listener's head just exploded. That's right. All those pelvic thrust. It was too sexy. All right. Okay. You prayed to the God of rock. The rock God of the rock. Let's see, to give you strength.


All right. Nine. I'm so sorry. These man, you guys are not making any progress. I, I've, I, I apologize. I feel like I blame the spinner. Wait. Ah, it's good to be back. I pray to the God of fruity pebbles, to shrink my boulder to the size of a fruity pebble. How big is a fruity pebble Cereal? Man, it can't be that big, Pretty small. Like one single fruity pebble is like, you know, pebble sized. Make it real easy to climb a step. All Right. Okay. Okay. All right. Fuck, man. I'm so sorry. It's five. Did these man, I'm sorry, I, I, I don't know Dear Penthouse forum.


I can't believe this happened to me. Here. I'll wait. Hold on, man. I'll make it right for you. It's, I I got this, man. Look, we're, but you can't have all of 'em. It's just like a dusting. That's it. Looks a bit bigger than my current boulder. Hold on. No, no. It's gonna be good, man. It's gonna be good. I'm gonna make it so good for you. Hold on. You got some fruity pebbles on, on the top there. Thank you. Does that feel better? Yeah. Good. All right. Happy to make you happy, man. We really are making a lot of progress here. I love how many steps up we've taken. This is the perfectest climb. I, my turn, I, I pray to the God of rage himself, Gordon Ramsey, to give me the strength to go full rage mode and carry this stupid fucking boulder up a step.


All right. Okay. Okay. All right. Here we go. He's very angry, man. We're spinning. We're spinning. I'm letting it, I'm just gonna let it actually go and time out. 'cause I like, I'm stopping and manually, but just to kind of put brakes on it. 'cause it spins a lot. You know, they make these things called dice Still spinning. You Just like toss 'em and they, it's still spinning. They land on one, Still spinning. They're pretty easy. They're pretty straightforward. It's Still spinning, man. They made like the world's greatest flywheel. It's still spinning. We Got IEC nines in there. It's Still spinning Listeners. It's Spinning. It's still, it's slowing down. It's still spinning. I think my breath talking into it is making it spin more. Hold on. It's still spinning all This for a three. If It's a three, then we know he's cheating.


God, please don't be a three, three. Pray to the God of threes. Don be a three. Three. I think you probably should have prayed to the God of fours. Oh, it's still going. God, you holy shit. And no. Okay. It went past the three. Okay. 15. Oh God. I saw the three come up. Us just like, no Fucking way. All right. 15. Okay. Gordon Ramsey. He really, really did it for you. He did it for you. Good. But I think he's, he's, if you'd have to credos, maybe I could have, I, I have a, All right. Here's, I thought we would've gotten to it already.


So when you pray to the God, I'm gonna make a determinant on how powerful that God is, and that's how much boost you get. Well, I'm gonna roll a dice for that, but I think that's just a one. Can I put a chef hat on you? Oh, Yeah. Or make me an idiot sandwich. This is gonna be the first 11 part hosting job for us to climb a mountain. Hold on. Because I'm immediately gonna undo what Bob just did. You're up here? Yes. Yeah, There's Your hat. All right. Right there it is. Well done. Bob Wade, I pray to the God of reverse inclines to flip this mountain. So we're at the top.


What? All right. Okay. You know, if I'm Already at the top, I'm at the top, you know? No. Yeah. We will do the God of reversing Clint. I got you, man. I hear you. I don't Like the laughter. I've heard you loud and clear. My guy. God, I hope this succeeds fucking 12, my man. Yes. I win. God, I've been reversing cline. Yeah. Yeah. All the laughter is very reassuring. I think Wade's about to have a great turn. I think I got exactly what I wanted out of This. Okay, here we go. Reverse incline, Flip this mountain.


All right, man. What the, That's right. They buried Bob. I, okay. Which one do you want, man? Which one? Oh man. The one with the elbow up. Of course You got it. Of course, man. Of course you do the Power stroke. All right, so now you are, you moved up one. Congratulations. You, you successfully prayed. Oh, no. I, I, ah, fuck. Hold on. I combined your head to that one. I gotta make a new one. Hold on. I meant to shut up. Fuck you. Fuck you, man. Fuck you. Hey, get that outta here. Listen, my face. It's terrible. Hold on, hold On.


Hold. Fuck you. For the listeners, a giant wade head just appeared on screen. So you are now reverse incline. What about My pebbles? I'm getting to it. I'm getting to it. Thank you. All right. You're reverse inclining Listeners. I am now a workout warrior who is doing a reverse incline while wearing A fruity pebble hat. Your reverse incline rowing the boulder, and you made it up one. All Right, Bob. Oh, I pray to the God of squirrels five nights at Freddy's and YouTube himself.


Mark applier to please pretty please move me up. Two steps. I, I like the wish. And it's, or the wish, the prayer, prayer very specifically. This isn't wish, but I'm, I'm not allowing specific steps, but I do think this is a very powerful wish. So if you succeed, you get to roll the other dice. You get to roll the other dice. There's another dice. The ones that work, the ones that go higher than 10. It's on the same spinner. It's on the same spinner. 17, Baby Not biased. 17. Yeah. So, not only did you pray to probably the most powerful God in them all, the guy that actually in charge of this. So you get to, you get to roll the, how powerful is this?


How many steps up do you move, die. Come on. Nine. They don't have a D three. 'cause I don't think a D three exists. Corolla. D six and just, yeah. I'm rolling. D six, dividing it by two. Yeah. Got it. And then rounding up. Okay. Damn. Three spots. It was a six. It was a solid Six. I chose the right. God. 1, 2, 3. He has made incredible progress in just a single move. Yes. Now see, this is the, this is the key. You gotta pray to the right gods. If you pray to the right gods, they're, they might be more powerful than other ones. And I'm making, I'm making, I'm making determinism about that. Wait. I pray to the God of shoots and ladders to send us back.


To start. Both of us would, the whole thing just becomes a, Oh God, yes. We're both going back down. Oh, Wow. That's really funny. That is very Funny. I would've saved that for what I was more than halfway up. But whatever. I don't have good luck, so I gotta try early. That's just waits every turn for the rest of it. He doesn't even try and go forward. Ah, that would've been so good. It's a six. God, I would've put, I would've put shoots in the, like a step or two would've had a shoot on it. Dammit. God, that would've been so good. Ah. Ah, okay. All right. If there's a knockoff game of shoots and ladders, I'll allow you to play, pray to that specific God.


All right, Bob, you're up. I pray to the God of Crisco, to cover Wade's boulder in that slippery bullshit, so that he loses control over it and rolls back down the hill. That's how it's gonna be. Then you don't even get to take one step with me up this mountain. All right. Okay. Let's see. Come on, God, if Chris go, come on. Nine. I'm so sorry. These are fickle gods. I'm, I'm sorry, but it's, it's true though. You know, not all prayers are answered, and you guys are really machine gunning the prayers up there, but you know, it just didn't work. It's A miracle.


Any of them are answered. Yeah. Wade, I got my t-shirt gun ready to go up with my prayer inserted, and I'm gonna fire up to the God of the climate slide to make this thing full of climbs and slides. That's A real thing. It's by Parker Brothers. I found it. Climb and slide. Are you talking like gymnasium equipment or a board game? Oh, No, it's a board game. Climb and slide by Parker Brothers. Oh, it sure. They Said if I found a knockoff. All right. He's going for the climbing slide. Oh God. Here we go.


Boom. The nine again. I swear, I swear. This is probably good. It spins really good. Find another one. Wait, find another one. You got it. I'm spinning. I'm just spinning. I'm spinning. Well, it's not my turn. I guess I'm still here. All right. Okay. All right. Yeah. I pray to the God that made the toys and toy story come to life, whoever did that, to send me an army of little green Army men who are sentient and alive and will help me move the rock up the mountain.


Okay. All right. Alright. That sounds cool. I like that idea. The God of whoever made the toys and toy story do whatever they do, whether that's Pixar or whoever. 16. God, it was so close to the nine. The right next to the nine. I don't know how you guys are hearing the brakes being applied, eh? Alright. Okay. All right. Yep. And then I'm just gonna quickly get rid of that. Get out here. I should have left that in there. All right. It's credit to Vasco. So now what you have is an assist of tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny soldiers Listeners. They're really tiny soldiers.


Many as many as mighty. They'll give you a plus one on your rolls. They're giving a plus one on my rolls. Alright. You're all gonna pray together. You're all gonna pray together from now on. Yeah. It's a combined effort. All right, Wade. All right. It's time for slippery ice and lifts. Dear God of slippery ice and lifts, Slippery way. I can confirm this. I need help getting Bob and I Back to the bottom. Wait, I'm not getting any hits on this. It's an alternative board for snakes and ladders. Why didn't you say snakes and ladders? I was Saving that one.


All right. Ice and lifts. Well, that's a very different board than what? Look at those buns. Jesus. All right. I'll keep looking for this. Yeah, we'll go snakes while I look through this up. Hey, if it works, you won't need to do it again. So let's, let's see. It Won't. Oh, come on, man. Believe you gotta believe nor your praise aren't working. I, I, dude, I, I, I, dude, I, I don't, I don't know how that happened. It's a nine. Yeah, Wade. I think the, I think you might be, you might be in a bad spot with this. I got this. I dunno, how the hell, how in the fuck I'm, It's a wheel. I can't cheat It.


I can't. How could I, how could I, how could I, Bob, I pray to power, thirst, the God of energy drinks to give me some power, thirst to allow me to achieve all my dreams. Okay. That's good. That's good. All right. Here we go. I'm gonna stop it quicker this time. I was doing it slow. 13. Yes. Bang on 13. All right. Plus one. Yes. 14. Yeah. Power, thirst. It's in a can. You're juiced up. You're up one another plus one. Yes. But that only lasts for three turns.


You're gonna solid. You're gonna, you're gonna get crashed hard. You're gonna, so I have plus two right now? No. Yeah. You're gonna be plus two now. But after three, that was first turn after two more turns, you're gonna be minus one 'cause of the crash. But only for three more turns. If it lasts that long, which, which, how the fuck would it ever last that long? All right, Wade. I pray to the God of mudslides to send one down so that Bob has to retreat. Is this a board game or are you talking real mud slice. Real mud slice. I can't find my other variance. All right. Okay. Come on. I'm, I'm really rooting for you, man. I don't believe you. Yeah, I am. Watch. It's gonna, it's gonna win. If it's A nine, I'm quitting this game.


Okay. It's not a nine, it's an eight. Is that good? You like the better Man? No, Bob. What, what do you want your plus two? I I get the plus two. Well, clearly I pray to the God that left the stunning plot hole in the Lord of the Rings franchise, where they should have just gotten the eagles to carry them to the fires of mountain doom to begin with. To get rid of the ring, to send the eagles my way so that I may be eagled up the mountain. Powerful. Powerful, powerful. That was a, that was a hell of a prayer, Wade.


It's okay. That was a four. It was a four. Just like in the movies. It never happened. That makes it a six. It's a six. Yeah, you're right. Good call. Good call. It was a six. Ah, All right. Wait. Back to you. I pray to the God of Monopoly, to give Bob a go directly to jail. Do not pass, go. Do not collect $200 card. I don't know where I think you already are in jail. 'cause it's kind of the whole thing. False. There's no bars. There's not an OJ Simpson novel. 18. No. Go to jail, Bob. 18. Is it focused? I can't even tell. I can't wait to see how this wish pans out. What we're gonna do is I'm gonna make a jail cell. All right.


Jail cell. Yeah. All right. So I'm making a jail and I'm gonna put it here. You're gonna be sent back. Then you're in jail. But just like in Monopoly, if you land on it, you don't go to jail, you're just visiting. So Bob, you are in jail and like Monopoly, you have to roll to get out on your turns, or you have to roll doubles or pay the fine. What's The fine, How do I roll doubles. I don't have two dice. You spin twice. Maybe you gotta get rid of one of your boons. I could roll my own dice. Yeah, you could. Yeah. So if you, if you, you either roll to get doubles or you pay with one of your boons. I think To be fair though, it's only like a D six. You have to roll doubles on. It's not a D 20. Yeah. Yeah. It's a D six.


Yeah. Alright, so Bob, it's back to you. You're in jail. What do you do? What do I get to like start my turn and just see if I can roll doubles and see if I can get out? Or how does that Yeah, You do. I monopoly. You do. You just roll and see if you can, All right, I've got two, 2D sixes from two different sets of dice, both purple. I'm gonna roll 'em, see what happens. Yeah, that's right. You enjoy jail. You're gonna be there for a While. I rolled a two and a three. Haha. You feeding Still in jail? Is he, are you able to try to give a boon right away? Or do you wanna wait there? I'm gonna wait. Okay. He's gonna wait. All right. Wait, Actually, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm gonna try something. I give up my power thirst 'cause I lose that next turn anyway or whatever.


What happens if I sacrifice? That is as if I never had it. No, you drank it. You did drink it. So I think it would. No, but how would, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, if you give up the boon, I think it just wipes it off and then you don't get the benefit or the negative. I sacrifice my power thirst, Wade. How does that sound? I Wasn't listening. So yes. Okay, let's, let's add something here to make this fair. We're gonna make it go to jail space and it's gonna be right here. Ooh. So you got play it strategically. The step before the end for listeners. Well, how about, wait, what's more fair to everybody? 'cause it's like, I think here you really would have to really get that.


I don't wanna make it too unfair and go to jail isn't even like it in Monopoly. It's like the third corner, isn't it? Yeah. What if you just put it two steps ahead of jail so that when you go to jail, you just go two steps back? Okay. That's fair. That sounds good. Yeah, that's good. All right. And it's gotta a point in the right direction. Okay. Oage, we all know what that means. This is ancient. Wherever the Straw. I takes a triage. Alright, so Bob, you get rid of your power thirst, you're now out of jail. You lose this. Alright, now it's back to Wade. Really making a lot of progress. Wade. Oh Dear God of the bat, grapple. Please hook me to Bob and pull me up.


The Utah Batman's grappling hook thing. Yes. The one that pulls him right to the bad guys. It does have a limited range, but I'm, I'm gonna consider this. I'm gonna, let's see what happens. 13. Oh, I'll give you, I'll give you this. It's not just for getting to bad guys 'cause he's four steps away. That's the thing. If he was within three, I might say that. I'll let you, I'll spin the powerful God die and I'll give you a back grapple. How's that sound? Yes, but it's just for decoration. No. Okay. Otherwise you'd be like, I use my back grapple. I, I mean I, it could be a plus one. I guess I figure it was a one time use.


I It could be a plus one maybe. I mean, Bob has so many. Alright man, come on. Why is the back grapple coming out of your ass, Wade? You know how I fire, that's how I get the extended range. I Mean, if, if I had it the other way, it'd be, you know, I don't know if you want that Either have a boner or a tail. Yes. Yes. A tail. Oh, I'm thinking Ben, your All right. So, and now you go power. Powerful God roll. That's right. Yeah. Two, you go up one space. All right. Wait, I'm so sorry.


I should have given you like plus one on the incline bench because that was a good one. You know? Oh Man, those nine certainly would've been tens. Tens, yeah. Would've been. Alright Bob, I pray to the God of nines that anytime a nine is rolled, it is given to Wade as his next value for whatever role he gets to have. Watch. If it's the power, if it's the power dice role might be good. I'm not sure how that would happen, but, Okay. Alright. So yeah, the, the stipulation is it applies to the next role, whatever it is, Whatever the next role for Wade is. Even if I roll a nine, if Wade rolls a nine, I dunno, it's your discretion.


Maybe it's his next, like Whatever. Here we go. Boom. Three. Sorry man. I'm coming for you, Bob. All right, Wade, it's your turn. What you got? I pray to the God of trampolines to make this mountain very bouncy so I can bounce up much easier. Not sure how that fix a rolling boulder, but, All right. Ah, wouldn't you like To know 10 plus one? 10 plus one. It works. How in the fuck does this work? It's really strong material. Is That next space or is his current space just become a trampoline or something? What are we, Yeah, let's, Let's call it that.


I think Blue. Is that helpful? All right. You Get the first blue one I see. Oh yeah. That's got that boulder aiming, targeting square. All right, so it's right under your feet. This is now a trampoline square. And I think, I think whenever you land on it, you get a roll of the, the six, the three die, the six that is actually a three die. And that'll chuck you forward. So right now you're on it. And if anyone ever gets back to this one, they get bounced. And this Feels like ultimate chicken horse, where we're slowly building our own course to the edge, to the finish line.


That was the idea. Wonk. Okay. Three. But that's divided half round up. We round up on that. So that is a two. So you go for two spaces. I Smell your ass from here, Bob. I wouldn't, Donk. Alright, so for everyone who's listening who has not followed at all, Lemme give A recap. There are 10 steps on this moment. Second step Contains a blue trampoline. Wade bounced from that to the fourth step. He is now right behind Bob, who is the fifth step, who has green army man under his boulder, a chef's hat on that does nothing. He's in front of jail 'cause he just got out of it.


If you land on the fifth step, it doesn't send you to jail. That's just visiting. But if you land on the seventh step, you go to jail. Are we clear? Yes. There's a checkered flag on the 10th step at the top of the mountain. All right, Bob, back to you. I pray to the God of farts that I might blast such furious gas that I scare wade down a step. That's a good wish. I mean prayer. Oh no, I have a plus one still. Well, you got a one Wade in D and d rules. I mean, anyone that knows the indie rules, if you roll a one, even if you have bonuses, it's still a critical failure.


Yes. If you use the critical failure, critical success roles, if you roll a one, it would be a crit failure. Like if you're doing an attack roll, you cannot hit, if you roll a one, even if your pluses would get you to the dc Oh, That's bad. I don't know how the God of farts is going to punish you for your hubris. He burps and knocks himself down to me. Okay. Oh no, I know, I know what it is. You'll get sent back down. But also you're getting turned into a dung beetle. Oh no. But they're good at this. Well, Yeah. I mean, it's still functionally you'll, you're rolling a ball, but your ball is now a turd and you are now a Beatle.


Ah, Classic Gods stuff. And you're getting sent back down a step. Yeah. All right. So, and you, you're gonna be right there, Wade. Sorry about the, the poop that's right next to you. And as a dung beetle, you're just not as strong as a human. So you now have minus one, which effectively offsets those tiny green men. They're still there. They're loyal for sitting under that turd, but they're there and, but it's not helping. Damn. That's a lot of punishments for one. I hope I never roll one. You wouldn't. That's the risk of the gods. Alright, wade, your turn. I pray to the God of hot air balloons to help carry me up.


11. Perfect. That'll do. That's a 12. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Holy Shit. Oh, that's taking me to the top baby listeners. It's the biggest balloon you've ever seen. It shrunk. The largest hot air balloon in existence just popped in. Holy shit. That's gonna help. That's gonna help. So Wade, that's also a, I believe, a powerful role. Oh, two, sorry. It's actually not that potent. It's here. But I'll give you a, it's a bonus. So that's a plus one now. So you got a total plus two. I'll take It. All Right. We've made tons of progress here. I'm basically at the halfway point Time to ruin more of our progress.


I pray to the God of the video game chain together. No. To Shane Wade and I together so that we may not get too far apart on this journey. Oh, please, please. Oh, please. It could be a four parter. 17. Yes. Oh, baby, you're Shane together. Oh, that is beautiful. Well played. Well played. It's gonna make that go to jail thing real tricky. But if you get pulled to jail, he'll just get pulled one away. We'll make it like that.


That's nice. That's good amount. We'll put that under both of you. I really don't know that. I thought this through very well. I don't know, Because if either of us goes to jail, we both get moved. But how will any of us avoid the jail thing? Because only one of us moves at a time and we can only be one step apart. One person has to move three steps in order for us to both avoid jail. Yeah. This is, you really tricked this up. Good luck us. All right, Wade. Drag me up the hill, will you? Oh, I will. I pray to the God of bed and breakfast to give me a hearty meal and good rest.


So I'm strong enough to move up today. All right, cool. Woo. Sadly, it's a four and there are no bed than breakfasts and All right. They were outta pancakes and they locked up the yogurt at 5:00 AM Okay. Whew. I don't have a lot going for me right now. I pray to the God of military research and development to help me turn my turn ball into an FA 22 fighter jet. Shit. Okay. What kind of tech do they have now? They can do anything they want with an unlimited supply of money. When you're darpa, you get the anything. All right, here we go. Wham.


12 plus one. Your penalties are offset. You have plus zero right now. 'cause you minus one for the D ball plus one for Oh, that's right. But it's still a success, so I, man, I guess. Alright, FA 22. Well that will remove your penalty though 'cause you're no longer pushing poo. I got it. FA 22 here. I think. Here's the, it's the only transparent image of it that I can find. I hope it's correct. I'm sure will be woefully not quite correct enough for whomever knows about these things. That's gonna really hurt when it yanks one of our chains. I gotta separate the beetle from the dung. Hold on, you're still a dung Beatle Listeners.


The dung is becoming a plane. Dan, that looks awesome. It's such a feel riding on the exhaust sports of a Jeff Fighter That's a pretty powerful role, huh? Powerful pro. Oh yeah. Powerful prayer. Powerful. And not that powerful apparently. God, it's a two cheese. All right, man, these rolls are really rolling. Good, guys, I gotta warp this in. Listeners. The chain is bending. I should have puppet warped this way In all kinds of unnatural ways.


The chain is catching up. Okay. It's good enough. I don't know why that was necessary at all. Okay, man, this spot is so Fucking crowded. This, the Fifth Step has everything except the trampoline and the go to jail sign. It is a goddamn Doozy. This step here, I'm gonna wait. Why is that? There's a fighter jet. There's a hot air balloon. I'm gonna raise him up. Wastes floating away on his hot air balloon Just to separate it out a little bit. All right? Okay. All right. Okay. All right. All right, we're back in it. All right, wait. Back to you. I pray to the God of giants, tiger Woods in his prime to swing a magnificent golf club. To hit my boulder and raise me up Giant Tiger Woods.


You know the old giant tiger woods. It's Gotta be big enough to swing a golf club in a boulder. Okay? You really gotta be careful with your prayers, man. You are praying to the God of giant tiger Woods, not giant Tiger Woods. You're praying to the God of giant tiger Woods, So that he may supply us with a giant Tiger Woods. I see what's going on here. He is going to hit my boulder like a golf ball. He is. Okay. 13. Yes, Tiger. There he is. That's prime tiger. He's got the red Nike polo and everything. We got giant Tiger Woods is on the scene.


Yeah, he's about to hit the fuck outta you. Alright. Okay. He's doing his famous fist bump. One arm backswing with his Gloves. He was about to fucking ye Wade's bowler. So good. Hey, This is Prime Tiger Woods. He hit every swing of the way he wanted. This is a powerful one. This is really good. All right, here we go. He's swinging, he's winding. He is going, and he is got the windup. And three, that's two. Oh, I'm back here again. Even better. You're trapped in. Wait, if he's trapped in jail, that means I can't Wait a minute. All right. Here's how it goes. This is how the physics are gonna play.


Then the chain pulls. Chain pulls. Bob Wade moves up. Two, I move up. One Wade lands on the go to jail. Yep. This is what Success does. All right. Okay. And then it's like, and then suddenly swoop, you're back in jail. Wade is in jail. Got It. Jail. Jail, Wade, you are. And then right back there. You crash right there. So Bob is now ahead of, well, I'm so glad I succeeded. I successfully imprisoned myself and moved Bob up one. Tiger Woods is very menacing.


Is he just gonna stay here? Sure Is. He sure is. Tiger Woods is standing on steps three and four just waiting to cause more problems. Don't you remember him from the tail of syphilis? All right. Okay. Who's it? Who? Who's, who's it? Whose turn was that? I don't even know. All Right. That was Wade's turn for some reason. Yeah. I successfully did all of that. So, Bob, if you go forward and he's in jail, I can't move. I Don't, yeah, I don't think you can move. All right. Okay. Anyway, Bob, I pray to Loki trickster, God, to come and reveal that the version of me that's actually chained to Wade was just an illusion this whole time.


And the real version of me is not chained to anyone. And then let me fly my fa 22. Hopefully at least two steps up. Oh, you gotta be careful with this wish. 'cause if you're not that you, do you have those boons, are you even that high up? We'll, we will see what happens. 12. Do you have any negatives? You're good. I'm neutral, right? So, Well, you should actually be plus two, I think. 'cause you have the F 18 in the Army. You lost your poo. Yeah, I lost my poo. And I have a fighter jet. Is that, or, and I still have the army men, so I plus plus one. Now you're Still No, it's the dung beetle that really you ha don't have as much strength. Okay. So I am still a Beatle. Yeah. So you have a total of plus one.


All right, here we go. There is a separate timeline. You have split off from this timeline. Okay? You've split off from it. It's still technically there, but you've split off from it. Okay? What happened is it wasn't a perfect copy and ah, Oh, what the hell? He's getting bisected into separate universes. This is really, really delightful for the, the, the listeners or the viewers? Not the listeners at all. What have we done to Tiger? I don't know. He's not feeling too good. All right. And now all of this is at a lower, he's the bridge between dimensions, but the end result is in this dimension.


Chain's gone. It's gone. Good. All right. You get Wait. No. It was a powerful wish. You get a, you also get a, a spin of the powerful. Come On. That's a lot of successes for not a 20. It was just a long drawn out success. Three split in half round up. That's two. Oh, Wait, that's what I want. Woo. Holy shit. You did it. Oh my God. All right, Wade, you have plenty of boons to give up. Yeah, I give up my inclined press just to fuck with my God. Damnit Shouldn't have fucked me.


Mark. Just as a special fuck you to Mark, for the listeners who aren't watching, mark replaced Wade's body on his character with the incline press picture. So now Mark has to go try and find whatever he used originally. I don't think I have it anymore. I think, I think I, I think I gotta go make it again. Oh, No. All Right. You get the quickest, stupidest version of it though. All right, there we go. That's good. You're now whoop. Yeah, you get stretched. That's it. Stretched. All right. Wayne's face just gets distorted. All right. Well, he has a bigger boulder, which I was gonna point out, but he also has a much bigger head.


So That's right. Now, do I get to do my thing? No, that was your thing. Giving Up a boon is your whole turn. Since when you get out, you're In jail. Didn't Bob get a turn after getting Out? Bob, did you get a turn after you Got out? No, I got out of jail and that was it, wasn't it? I'm Pretty sure you like hooked me with the cha. You did something else that particular round. No, no. That was way back when you did the battering to get back up to him when he got out of jail. No. Yes. Unfair. Alright. I don't think, I don't think I did, but if you did, All right, here we Go. I, I don't remember. I'm gonna be honest. But the coins will tell us the truth. Tails. Tails. Hales. Wait.


Heads. Heads. Oh, okay. Heads, heads, heads. It's the lady. It's the lady. Oh, okay. All right. Wow. I was about to say, I was like, oh no, that's triple bad for me. Okay, well, All right. Okay, wade, it, it didn't happen that way. You're remembering it wrong. You're Wrong. I probably, the Coins are fair and the coins have spoken. Bob, it's your turn. You're two away. You're so close. I pray to the God of normal average luck that I might roll a normal decently fine number and move a normal amount of steps forward on this turn and nothing bad will happen.


All right, here we go. That one, that one Blink. Ah, three. Oh, That was pretty normal. I guess so. That's fine. That was very normal. All right. Wait. I pray to the God of super lassos that I am a lasso bob to pull him down one and me up one. I don't want, I don't want that at all. That's why it's a super lasso. That's a three step long lasso. I don't care for that very much. Three again. Oh, I'm looking at the wrong side. I'm looking at the D 12 side. Was it, did I do that for, I might have done that for, no, I might have done that for Bob. What is that on the other side? It's a four.


Nevermind. It wouldn't have mattered either way. Then again, where it landed with the three might have, I'm gonna say it disqualified for either. All right. Okay. All right, Bob. I pray to myself, God, of being me to operate my FA 22 jet and take one simple step forward with my top tier sky superiority fighter. All right. You pray to the God of being myself. All right, Yu, I don't like the way you said that. 18. Nice. See, you prayed to the God of being yourself, which I think gets you changed back.


Oh, oh. And then also it's still, it's still an F 1822, F 22 to erase half my face. All right, there you go. And oh, very nice, very nice. Very nice. Yes. And now I'm out of super lasso range. All right. Oh, don't worry. I got a good one here. I pray to the God of chaos to move the finish line to a random step on the mountain. Holy shit. Uhoh. I didn't even know that was possible. Maybe it's not, huh? Anyone? Oh, 18 again.


Hey, that's a 20 with my pluses no, plus it's an 18 with my plus. That's What it is. It's, you could zoom in on that I guess. But it's an 18 man. I never expected that to actually be a thing. So we're gonna do it anyway. You just need to roll a D 11. It's going to, Okay, it's going to 10. Okay. I Don't know if this is even possible. Oh, you Can't land on this spot 'cause you'll be bounced. That's a terrible, each spot. That's right. I don't know what to do about that. Thank You, God of chaos.


So the finish line is now on step two of 10. Wade is on step five, and I am on step nine. Yes. Wow. There's a weird cosmic hole in step 10 now. Oh wait, sorry. Wade also prayed to the God of chaos. So I'm gonna roll the dice. I think that's powerful enough to be a powerful role. Right? But which Way do I move? It could be backwards or forwards. It's chaos, man. How I tell you what? Odd number I move toward Bob, even I move back down. Okay. That's fair. That's good. I like that. Odd. Which one was odd? I moved toward Bob. He moves towards me. Okay. All right. Chaos. Maybe it's chaotic.


What was the number? It was a three. I said it on. You didn't, but I believe you. Oh no, I said odd. Three. It was three. But Doesn't that mean he moves two, two steps? No, no, no. That'd be too, because I was saying it shouldn't be the full three. 'cause if he got like negative three, it'd be back to the finish line. We'd be over. So Wade moved up to step six. Got it. Well, good job, Wade. You made forward progress. Thank you, God of chaos. Bob, I pray to the God of lifts and runs. Well, we better find the board for That. A novelty ski resort themed version of shoots and ladders. I found the ice one that said the same thing.


Search for lifts and runs. It's out here, boys. Okay. Safe to put a shoot from step nine to anywhere between step one and three. Alright. Okay. I gotcha. I hear you loud and clear. None of these have ever worked. So let's see if this one does. Nope. Four. Shit. Never Gonna Happen. No shoots and ladders for us Is never gonna happen. Wade, back to you, man. I Pray to the God of trampoline magnetism to attract me to the nearest trampoline. I, I love your optimism. But I have established, and I'll say this ahead of time, we've established wishes, prayers, sorry, I keep saying that.


Only have a three step range. You are four steps from the trampoline. He Can be drawn toward it. I will allow that. I was only gonna allow forward progress, but I will allow it. Five. Do you still allow it? No, I don't. Okay. All right. Bob will only allow forward progress. I pray to the God of Guy Cha pair, which was the original game from India that inspired shoots and ladders. That was based around themes of karmic justice and balance and, and all things.


I Remember. I could hear you, but for it, I believe you. 13 fucking finally. Yes. And the truth, the shoot was here the whole time. Oh, that's not the right direction at all. There was always a shoot in this game because if you would ever go over the line, you would be returned back to the beginning And it would continue for fucking ever. That is a powerful wish. Have I ever heard prayer?


Why do I keep saying wish? Three, you go forward two, which means you go donk. As I would literally always intended. That was always the intention. I just expected there to be a lot more threes going in this game. Alright, for those listening, I expanded my canvas in the opia app to reveal that I had always had another side of the mountain that was more slippery. And there was a ramp at the bottom that was gonna chuck them back to the beginning. I had intended to be this reveal like halfway through the game.


Not an hour and 35 minutes into the recording. But let's say that things are getting really good now, and I'm gonna give you both plus one on the rolls just to say, I wish you luck. All right, Wade. I pray to the God Michael Jackson, himself of Moonwalking that I may moonwalk toward the flag Also. I'm on step zero right now. So the checker flag is on two. I'm on zero. Weight is on six. Oh, it's an 18. Oh my god. It's an 18. Holy shit. I broke it. What the fuck? No, no, it broke.


What the fuck Looks like this is a tie. Oh, it just snaps back together. We're fine. Okay. All right. We're good. We're good. All right. This is powerful. The God moonwalking. So you're, you're going backwards now. I guess it's so on the line, it landed almost exactly on the line between five and three. Mom, if you can't tell, I Certainly can't tell through this Image. I'm gonna call it a four, would be a two anyway. So yeah, I guess. All right. Okay. It would be a two. So you go down two. Whoa, Bob, we are equidistant. All right, Bob, I pray to the God of the Texas two step dance that I may take.


Two Texas steps forward. Eight, which gets you to 11. That is as close as it gets. All right, let me look up the Texas two step. All right, Texas two step. Because some of these dances don't exactly have two steps. Oh no, it's, yeah, no, it's, each foot does two steps. So it is two steps. It is right, left, left, left, right, right, left, left. So here's what I'm gonna do. If it was just a two I would give you, you'd win immediately. I'm gonna vastly improve your odds of getting a two in this role. Wait, does that sound fair? Yeah. I don't have a coin to say otherwise. So I mean, that's what I was gonna do. I was gonna make it more 50 50 as opposed to a one third, you know, like a two out of six, one out of three option.


Does that sound fair? Yeah, that's fine. So you're much more likely to get a two. You could still get a one and move. What do you want heads to be, Bob? Which one do you want to be? The two, two. Two tails for two. Two for Tails. Well, oh, it's a tube, baby. I believe you. He Did. It was right there. It wasn't outta Focus, it was blurry. It was sales Listeners. It was a quotation mark. Ha. And you have escaped. And then Wade is stuck here forever. Forever. It's not so Bad.


So thank you boys. This is the end of Sisyphean, which is the name of the game The most Perfectest climb. Ah, Much like anything we do where it's like, ah, this will go faster than I think. It never does. It never does. I apologize for it taking so long. We could have had two episodes. This could have been a two-parter. So all the listeners in their car, they had the Ian journey of trying to imagine what the hell we were laughing at the entire time. I, I wasn't even keeping track of any kind of bonus points or anything like that. Is it All right if I retroactively kind of go through and think of the contributions? Sure. Wade, you affected the landscape so goddamn much.


I Really did. Well, You did a lot of shit. Holy shit. Tiger Woods, the alternate dimension. It just Didn't help him get to the finish line. Wade, you got points for Schrodinger's car. Disappointing. I forget why. Update llama thing. Borat Sisyphus smelly pits going first point and then you got six points for affecting the landscape. Damn. God damn. Trampoline. Okay, your grappling hook J No, not jail air balloon. You did Tiger Woods. I Did Tiger Woods in jail. You moved. You moved the goalpost. You did one more thing. Jail.


Jail. I Did jail. Jail. You did jail. Okay, you did jail. That's six points for that. Bob, you got a sick burn right off the bat. You were wearing a green shirt, truck heist. Land after time was very funny. Bucket of wheelchairs reference, which counts as a callback. Zo y point segue, Segue point. Who are you Wayne? You Got, you got two points for the win alternate dimension. Hell the chain and then I became a fighter jet and a dung beetle. Okay. Yeah, that probably cosmically works. But The dung beetle was a critical failure I guess technically. But Wade should that count? Well, if he the fighter, I think it would, the fighter jet and the dung bele would cancel out if you count the failures A minus one, Wouldn't it?


Yeah, that's true. I didn't give you a hot blue hot air balloon point or anything. So I thought you Said you did. Oh, if I did, then I think it should count. He went through a dung beetle transformation. It probably counts. Alright. Either way. Very reflective of the landscape. I'll tell you the score. We got you Wade. You had seven early bonus points. You had six other points. So that puts you at 13. Bob, you had six previous points and five, so you're at 11. So it's a two point spread. Even though Bob took the win Wade's decisions, made the landscape crazy. I'm losing That shocks. Me too. Actually, I feel like we're missing something for your side, Bob. I feel like you did something else. I chained us together. Did you gimme a point for that? You got the win and fire jet alternate dimension chained together.


Yeah, I counted that chef. Does the chef do anything big? Yeah. You got the Gordon Ramsey rage thing. That really Mark didn't seem impressed by that. No, I didn't get put for Fruity Pebbles. You know that didn't really do it. Yeah, I think this is about as fair as I can make it. An unfair has already been called, so it can't be called again. This is it. We spin that wheel. Well, I guess I want this one to be a three, don't I? I Mean, mark had a crazy comeback last game, so I guess you could too. Oh no, It could be sudden death. It was a one. What do you wanna add to the wheel mark? Is There a worst luck? No. All right. Worst luck. All right. I shuffled him multiple times. We have 40 options on the wheel, shall we?


Yes, I'm ready. Come on. Oh, I didn't eat. I Don't think either of us say I only drank by The rules. If neither of you qualify, it's a respin. So You're saying there's a chance Scoop. Come on, come on. Think. I really thought it was the other one. All right. Who thunked the hardest? I think Wade was really thinking through all the options to get there. I'm not saying that qualifies, 'cause not all of 'em worked out. There was a lot of thought going into his things I didn't think particularly hardly in the episode.


So unless Wade is also gonna volunteer that he didn't think very much, he definitely, The most thought I put in was, how can I find alternate versions of shoots and letters? I think that qualifies. I think, yeah, I think you got this Wade. Congratulations, Wade. With 14 beautiful points, a three point lead. Despite Bob's victory. You are the winner of the overall episode. Congratulations. What do you have to say? I'll Be pushing boulders in a really alternated landscape Now. I'll give your guy a trophy later So he can live with his trophy forever. And Bob, you lost. That's unfortunate. Despite your victory in there. How do you feel?


And now it's time for the loser speech brought to you by Apple Cash. And unlike on the show with Apple Cash, there are no losers. It's the definition of privacy and convenience when it comes to sending money to friends. No more public feeds or weird payment drama. You can send cash in messages right in the conversations you're having. Or use tap to cash and send money to someone nearby just by holding your iPhone near theirs. Switch to Apple Cash and start sending privately. Apple Cash Services are provided by green.bank member, FDIC.


I'm stunned. I'm stunned that this is where we are after I won the most outrageous game. And Wade did do a lot of stuff, but I did a lot of stuff too. I made things happen. I made such cool stuff happen that I won the game, but apparently that was worth one more point than Wade successfully climbing up one stare in the middle of the game. It doesn't feel bad, doesn't feel great, could feel better.


That was today's Loser speech brought to you by Apple Cash. Stay out of the losers' bracket and win big time. When it comes to protecting your payment information with Apple Cash, your payments are always private and you can easily send money in messages or by using their convenient feature. Tap to cash. You don't have to look up any usernames or scan QR codes. Just hold your iPhone next to theirs and send away Switch to Apple Cash and start sending privately. Apple Cash Services are provided by green.bank member FDIC.


Alright, well anyway, that's the episode. Don't what Speak. You already said it, Did You? Well, you did. Did I have a winner's speech and I missed it? Yeah, I said, what do you, you won, how do you have to say? And then you said things and then I went over to Bob. I said lose speech. All right, I Okay. Back to you in the video. Yeah. All right. Anyway, so too much thinking. He's gotta let it cool off up there. Thank you everybody so much for listening and or watching the listeners. It's not all about you, but I wish it was. I pray to the God of ears that your ears become eyes so you can enjoy.


Let's see if that worked. All right. 17. Holy shit. Sorry about that everybody. All right. So anyway, all will become watchers and thank you. Have a lovely time. Follow Bob at Meer. Wait at Lord Meeting 7, 7, 7. Or meaning me and market player. This has been Distractible the Birch. Shut up. The person doing the intro's name is Baltimore. You gotta check him out for Cool War Hammer Lord Videos. What's His channel name? Bal Bort. It's 40 K War him. Bought what? What? Baltimore's Guide to War Hammer that he hasn't up updated the dinosaur one in a while. Oh, but the Living Mythology that has updates. If you wanna know where Sisyphus came from, You'll see all of our references to the original Sisyphus legend.


If you go and learn More about it, podcast out.