
This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard, up to half off select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible Offer is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made.


Why?


This is an ad by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. And that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session and pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Making therapy more affordable and easier to fit into your life. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better. Help connects you with licensed professionals who can help with everything from anxiety to everyday stress at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/stooges.


What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, a goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling, we have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode Warrior Wade gets wheels for his wife, then drives the dudes down Diagon alley. Bishop Bob buys a miter, manifests a meme is scared of soccer but not Brosnan motorist, mark gets his own storefront. Saw Swampiness stares at Saul. Wow. And the frigid wall from distracted babies to Paradise lost. Yes, it's time for Slice of Life. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey guys, welcome back to another episode of Distractible. And you might have noticed I did gave you all a Hey guys. Oh yeah, You hit him with the, I didn't even notice. 'cause that's what how you enter the room every single time. Old YouTube intro, which I still technically use Old. I get made fun of for doing it, but I'm not making fun of you. Who's made fun of you? Just 'cause you feel like we're making fun of you. When we point out that that's your intro doesn't mean that we are making fun of you. There's an entire YouTube video on my channel making fun of me where hey guys turns into egg eyes and I can't unhear it now and it's my own intro And it has ruined it for me. That feels like your choice. No, it was, Dana made it for a like an April Fools video, which was not my choice but brilliantly done and but Anyw who welcome back viewers, listeners to the best podcast that you've probably heard of.


'cause you're here watching and or listening. I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark and Bob. Hello. Hi. Hi. One of us hosts the other to compete for points and we started off with some small talk. So how's life? I have a fun thing that I would like to complain about. God, this is a new one, right? I've said this before. I've had Max, right? I've been doing that 'cause for editing the latest, you know, Macintosh computers. Sure, sure. I thought you meant HBO Max like the app. And I was like how does that help Dude, we could talk about that of like HBO versus HBO Max and now Max, it doesn't make any sense. It's still HBI don't know. Anyway, with this I've started buying MacBooks and and Mac computers for my editors because it's just beneficial for that.


So I run a business technically. And so I wanted to sign up for a business account with Apple because I heard that if you do enough business with them and you have a business account, you can get discounts over time. They have a more official pipeline. They get like dedicated yada yadas, whatever. Okay. You know how Apple is all about their very catchy, streamlined branding and advertising and stuff like that. Their business site I feel is made specifically to be as stupid and as boring and dull as every other like enterprise level nonsense that you could possibly see online.


It's, it's just doesn't make any sense. It barely works. And I had to go contact Apple's business customer service several times because after I signed up for a business account because I was ah, small business, I click here, I'll sign up. Perfect. I saw the store for two hours and then the, I went to bed 'cause I signed up the night before and I went to bed and I woke up and, and let me, let me see if I can, if I go here and I click on shop online with a, with a a business account, sign in, wait for it, give us a call, there might be a problem. So I called that number and I was on the phone for an hour and a half being raised to manager, after manager, after manager.


Each one of them being like, I don't know why this is a problem. So their solution, their solution was to create an entirely different e-commerce site, which is just the Apple front store, but it says market applier on it. It's like this is your custom store. I'm like, I didn't need this. I did Not need you to make my own store for me because it doesn't make any sense. Well that's Easier than making their base website work. I know, right? So this isn't apple.com. You see at the top it says Apple Store for Welcome. Can we all go there and Shop? No, this is mine.


They made this for me. And if you go to like any of the products, like I was looking at the new computers they have and if you go to configure it, you can't see it. Goddamn thing. Hold on. It's just a white blur. That website doesn't work At all. So this is now the dumb down version of the computer. It auto brightnesses, I don't know, I it won't stay. God, I, We saw it for a second, second saw For a second. We understand God The updates that they've been doing on, on their photos app and all the other crap, like I know this is kind of an old person thing to complain about, but I'm fine with customizing computers. I've been building computers for a very long time. I do Mac because it's efficient.


Power efficiency when I'm editing on a laptop is more important than anything and being able to still have it, yada yada, doesn't matter. I I went back to the email chain that I had with Apple and I was like, okay, the custom site is cool and all, but I'm still running into this other problem with your regular business site. And that's all I really want. Because if, if you go in here and you try to order something, you don't get the option of like, oh, you can get that same day courier delivery, you have to have it shipped and you can only ship it to the address you provided to them when you set up the website. Maybe not, I'm not her percent sure, but it doesn't seem to be working. So I was like there and then the guy said like, oh you can just go online, go to the business site, click shop with Apple business, sign in and you're there.


And I'm like, That is the original problem I reached out to you for that is if you scroll up in our emails, you'll see in a Picture that I sent of, sorry, there Might be a problem. Call this number. And I swear to God if he responds to me and being like, oh, you just need to call that number, I'm gonna lose it. What they're gonna Do is they're gonna give you a store page for your store page. It's gonna be market PLIs, store of the store of market pli. It's just, it's nonsense because I feel like someone, like a bunch of these other corporations are just full of old people that don't understand things and they need it in one specific way, the most boring way possible with all the part numbers so they can make their stupid invoices.


And it's like, I'm not, I'm not this company that you think I am, I'm just, I wanted to do the same thing I was doing when I was buying them before but Potentially getting rewards and Discounts for it because I'm A business, I don't have a specific example but I, I too have a small business owner and running into that sort of enterprise shit is always exhausting. They assume like no matter what it is, if it's some big company like this that you're working with, they have it set up and they're like, oh well send this to your accounting department and and you need a, you need a lawyer to sign off on this And it's set up so that you have like a multi-billion dollar corporation. And it's like, I'm one guy and I'm not interested in any of this.


I would like to buy one thing from your company please. And like I get that they're, that's not where their money comes from. So they tailor the business, the enterprise stuff to, you know, the companies that are gonna spend hundreds of thousands of dollars with them or whatever. But it's fucking awful. The experience of that is so awful and it's consistent. Any company that has enterprise stuff, it's probably just like that And it doesn't work. Right. And they expect that you have like employees and employees and they're gonna, it's a very first world problem. But it does always surprises me. They Want you to really work for those rewards. It's so regressive though because one thing about, you know, it almost to an excessive degree is Apple tries to simplify things.


That's not just me complimenting them sometimes it's overly simplified and really trying to pursue the ultimate, you know, simplification sometimes gets really in the way of everything you else you're trying to do. This is intentionally dumbed down, intentionally dumbed down so much that it has made it impossible to actually buy anything. Which is the whole point of this store. Isn't that the whole point of Apple as a business, a big corporation is they, I I need to buy something and I can't, I just can't. This feels like a catch 22. The store is so simple, you can't buy anything but you can't buy anything 'cause it's too simple. So they need to simplify it. Well, the Actual store, if, if I go to the actual store, I can buy things too fast.


You know, I it's, it's problematic how quick I could buy something. It Is crazy. You can like accidentally buy shit in one click on the Apple store if you do things wrong or if you're like on your phone or something. Yeah. Suddenly scanning my face and I hear a ding, I'm like, oh shit. Anyway, this is again, yeah, weird thing to complain about, but I've never known this side of this company and how broken it could possibly be that I need multiple employees contacting me for multiple different things. And I think that it's an extension of business as a whole is like, it's a, it's dramatically too inefficient. I've seen this in small scale, but I think it might be everywhere. Sounds fun. Bob, What's your apocalyptic end of the world life news?


Oh, I, I know what I did since last time I accidentally bought a Mitre saw That you cut mites. Yeah, MITRE saw is, you know, that saw where it sits on a workbench and you put a piece of wood on it and you go And it like chops it in half. That's what that's called a Mitre saw because when you cut things on an angle that's called mitering. And so a miter saw can cut on an angle like this away or you can turn it like this away. It's a whole thing. Anyway, I have a new hobby whenever I get into a new thing, like, like I've been into the woodworking stuff. I always just like start skulking around on Facebook marketplace one because like I, when you get into a hobby you need things. But also I really like to get a sense of like that part of the hobby.


I feel like you can learn a lot about a hobby based on like what sort of prices are you stuff going for? What does everyone sell on Facebook marketplace, which is a sign like maybe I don't actually need one of those. Everyone buys this one tool and then sells it And it is like barely used it. Like new like well I just won't, I'll skip that. But so part of that is I just like egregiously low balling people on things just to see. And all of them ever have either just ignored me or been like, no, like five bucks less than what I listed it for. And I'd be like, nah, nevermind. But I, I sent this guy a message. He had the miters saw listed And it was like missing one piece but it was basically fully functional and I sent him a message and I was literally like 30% of what he had it listed for.


I think I said like, I'll give you 40 bucks for it. And a Mitre saw like a new one from the store is like a hundred, 200, 500 bucks. Like they're inexpensive tool. And he replied and was like 50, well, well I wasn't really planning on this happening, but how am I not gonna buy a $200 min saw for 50 bucks? I was planning on getting one of those. So yeah, so literally like he messaged back and I was like, okay, so I have to, and I looked, I literally looked at Manny, I was like, I just ally bought a saw so I, or go, I'm gonna go pick that up I guess so I, I'll be back. Did you get the missing piece?


You don't need it. It's it's, it's got an upper fence piece that's missing, which can be important but for 90% of what I'm gonna do with it, I don't even need it. 3D Print that you're good to go. My first experience with a Mitre saw was when I was building decks and so I looked at a Mitre saw and most of them are limited to like 45 degrees, right? And so I looked at it and I was like, wait, what if I need to do a 60 degree cut? And my boss just laughed and right now I get why he laughed but he just laughed And it was like good one and walked away. And I was sitting there like my, this is 16 years old, my brain can't do the trigonometry to know that 90 minus 30 is 60 and just change the orientation of the board.


I'm just like, I can't, I can't wait. So I was sitting there for like hours, not hours. Like he didn't wait hours for me to get this cut done. So I was just sitting there like looking at it like just You you had like a piece of wood in it though and you were just like literally, Oh no, I was just sitting there with the wood there. I was like, oh, okay. Can't fuck this up. Measure twice, cut once, measure twice, cut. You know, just he comes over and doesn't say a word, just like turns the board 90 degrees And I'm like, just anyway, that was my first experience with the Mitre. So saw if anyone's confused and doesn't know what I'm talking about, ha good one and I'm gonna walk away now Building woodworking shit, like building things out of wood is filled with so much of that where I'll look at a thing and I'm like, I need it.


I need the final width of this thing to be whatever, 24 inches. But each of the pieces of plywood I'm using is three quarters of an inch thick and blah and this And you and like a woodworking person will look at that and be like, okay, so I need to cut it to this. And I look at that and I'm like, well like it's the meme of like math flying through the air and I'm like, oh fuck what's 24 minus three quarters, eight? Shit. No way. It's like I get my phone calculator like, man it's not that hard is it? It's just I'm stupid. I I I can't believe that some of the kids can do like the Abacus method. You've ever seen the videos of the kids doing like speed edition and and subtraction and they're just, I I thought it was, I, I didn't know what I was seeing when I first saw a video of a whole classroom of kids just like not blinking, They're conducting an orchestra, a really small orchestra, But it's really impressive because they're able to do some extremely fast addition and subtraction and I think basic multiplication is possible with that.


I'm not sure 'cause I don't know the method but it's very impressive the the speed at which they can do things and the tricks that you can do with numbers and how an abacus works in terms of like being able to do that is sometimes more efficient than actually having a calculator. So you're saying I need an abacus for the garage? I think so, yeah. Anyway, I also have some news. This might sound like Groundhog Day to you guys. I got a car. No I don't believe it. Is it in your garage or driveway or how? How got is it Okay, there's an asterisk on this. He doesn't Have a car but yes It doesn't have A car. It's here and being driven right now because it's Molly's car.


Ooh, did you get a tx? We did. Ooh. So we'd given up and we were getting ready to go look somewhere else and we were like, okay, we'll go in one more time. We'll see. And then we actually had like three more Lexus locations within like a four hour drive that were like claim to have one for sale and we're like don't really want to go to Louisville, Kentucky. But if we got, so we went over and to Louisville? No, no we went over to performance in Cincinnati. Then why did you mention Louisville? Because looking online list, seeing where places actually physically had ones in stock for sale. There were like two. So we went over to the, the Kings Auto Mall in Cincinnati walked in and I saw the guy that we had talked to before and I was like, All right, I'm gonna give this guy one more chance to sell us a car.


'cause it's been literally 10 months since he gave us a three month window of like three months you'll have a car. That was June, 2024. It is now April, 2025. So I waited, we were there, I'll skip the story but we were there for six or seven hours. The first hour of which we were waiting for this guy to be free 'cause he was with another group and they had an appointment or whatever. We did not have an appointment. We just showed up, he got free. We met with them and he was like, All right, I've got one that is nothing like what you wanted and we might have one that's like what you want. And we were like might you, I feel like when you're selling a car you either have a car to sell or you don't. But they had one but apparently someone was in the process of buying it.


They changed their minds And it was like on a hold or something but they don't really hold cars. He went talk to his manager. The manager was like yeah it's for sale. So we went out, we looked at it, had everything that that Molly was looking for, we wanted. So went through the process and we bought it. So we got the car, we own it. My car, the asterisk is because my car is still being built but yeah. So you don't have a car? I'm married. We have a car. Comrade The most communist Thing you can do. Get married. Listen, if we didn't have a car before and we didn't have a car now because Molly has had a car this entire time. Well now she has two. I have zero. We didn't even trade hers in.


You Just have no, we don't know what we're gonna do with hers yet. Right now I have a car and Molly's got a brand new car. You know what, that's closer I'd. I'd count that more than I'd count. Molly's new car being your car for Sure. She drove it home. We went out and last night did like a night drive. It was really nice and just kind of fiddled with it. You got to sit in it once. That was cool. I literally have only been in it once so far. Yeah 'cause I had to drive her old car home from when we bought it. Ah, what was that like for you? Same As it's been the last 13 years of owning it. 'cause we've had that car since 2013. That was like her college graduation present from her parents. Like that's been her car since then.


So I've driven it many times. So driving it home, I was just like, And It is 2026 so 13 beautiful years. Hey but hey our car shopping is done. However, I've been tempted to like get a temporary car just to hold over till the BMWs that you guys will all leave me alone. I was like, what if I just go and buy like a Mustang for two months, just get a lease? What do you mean buy for two months? Don't aren't leases like always six months or a year or something? I Don't know man. You could do a long-term rental probably. It sounds like you could just use Molly's old car. Yeah but I want you guys to leave me alone so I feel like I need to own one. I feel like you know that the truth is not that.


It's not whether you are not you have a car, it's all of the lies that you've told about having a car when you haven't had a car or about getting a car when you clearly have not been getting a car. We've Tried but success, I've given my money to two different companies now. Molly had success. Good job Molly. Even w took My money. That's more than anyone else has done so far. That's Just a sucker not having a car. That's not a thing to be proud of. They took your money and gave you nothing. I have a Little tracking bar that shows that my car is ordered. As a person who spends a lot of time on BMW forums, I can tell you that doesn't mean as much as you might hope in BMW Land Man do I see a lot of people being like, we ordered our car in June And it said it was on a truck and now it says it doesn't exist.


What happened? And all the BMW owners are like, yeah they do that. No, no this, this will be different for me. Alright, That's all the small talk. No more questions. Great small talk everyone, small talk points all around. Especially to I guess Molly, you're Not giving yourself points for still not having a car, are you? No. If I was gonna have to give it everything to be Molly for getting her car. But yeah, Great job Molly. She had a car way faster than you. She didn't even have a gap where she didn't have a car. She went from having a car to having a new car. I've never owned two cars at the same time. Molly has, she's got That. It's funny how that's doable and somehow you haven't. We've been trying to get that stupid TX for over a year. So I don't I Have You ever considered a truck?


We're moving on immediately to this episode.


This episode is brought to you by the Disney plus Hulu Max bundle with plans starting at just 1699 a month. Scream the latest seasons of the last of us on Max and or on Disney plus and the final season of the Handmaid's Tale on Hulu. All of these and more streaming soon terms apply. Visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for more details.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment. Sitting in crowded waiting rooms. Standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


This episode we're gonna do a little bit of a Slice of Life. It's gonna be pretty easy. I'm just gonna go through some years dates, whatever. And I just want you guys to tell me what was important, what life was like then and maybe some bonus points if you get the reason I have it marked. This one's an easy one. I'm not gonna even have you guys do it. I'm just give it to everyone for free. 1989, the distracted babies were born. Beautiful. That's where our adventure begins. Is that us? We were in 1989. Yeah, I'm sure when we got together and had that Distractible photo shoot as babies wearing our merch back when we had it. Ah, like it was yesterday, Yesterday, Yesterday, yesterday. I'm going to assume we don't remember much of our like infant ears.


So I'm gonna fast forward a little bit. Editors make it look like it was yesterday. Yeah. Give us a 1989 theme. I forget what, what did you say we're doing? It's a little Slice of Life. You're gonna describe life as you remember it from the date and year. I'm gonna go through, I'm about to give you your first one. Mark your heads. Bob your tails. I'm gonna flip to see who goes first here. Mark goes first for this one. So we'll just rotate. I don't know what I'm doing. I'll, I'll, I'll give you some guidance. Best you can remember. Mark. December 10th, 1993. Life in general. There is something that happened that day and if you get bonus points if you remember it. But just describe what you remember from late 1993 if anything.


What was what? 4-year-old, four and a half year old Mark. What was life like then? Okay. All right. Also mulling it over. I know exactly what happened. I know, I know what you wrote down. I'm reading your mind right now. Okay. I assume we're not supposed to Google these things. No, The most important part about this is just to describe life as it was for you then. And then I'll tell you the important event. If you guys don't guess it. I was alive. I breathed a lot. Drinking water and milk. Much milk. Bowl of cereal. Wake up no school 'cause I'm for backyard grass. PlayPlace trees. Oh, it's cold out actually bundled up.


Probably. Maybe snow. Not yet. Snow. No. No snow yet. But cold. Cold. Look at the sky. Can't see blurry, no glasses yet. Can't really see much. All very blurry. That's what I, that's my slice of my life. I was confusing dreams with reality allot at this point. So it might've been one of the moments where I was in the backyard and I start floating up in the air and then rising over the tree line. But it's like the fog of war in a video game because my, my entire life had not expanded beyond the domain of my house and yard. So I was just gray and I was descending into the past, the simulation, you know. So that was, that was my life. A hazy gray, maybe snow.


And that's how 1993 were. Don't laugh at my Life. Okay. December 8th, 1993. My family is living in the Residence Inn in Dublin, Ohio. We're in the process of moving from Michigan to Ohio to the place where I would grow up for most of the rest of all of the rest of my childhood. All I know is every day dad and I wake up mom's already at work. Dad and I go down to the breakfast bar at the Residence Inn, which is like a long-term hotel. We get microwave sausage, biscuits, they come in a little two pack, it was the thing. Then you get two of them pop in the microwave, we take 'em back up to our room, we eat those and we pretty much just hang out the whole day.


That's the whole thing. Waiting, just waiting for something to happen. I don't think dad did was doing much of anything. I'm sure he wasn't like trying to find a house or doing any adult stuff. We're just hanging out eating sausage biscuits and hanging out. Oddly enough, I ate a lot of sausage biscuits as a kid too. It was for McDonald's. And then my dad also always had, I dunno what brand they were, but he always had like these big sleeves of like sausage biscuits that we would make in the microwave. Yeah, Those were the ones. I Don't know that one. Well Mark, you might have had them, you just couldn't see them yet. Oh, Also I couldn't see, I was with Mark. I didn't get my glasses until the following year. 'cause I got my glasses in preschool. 'cause I actually started preschool the next year because my birthday is in the middle of October. So they didn't let me go to regular school.


So I had to go to Preschool. I didn't need glasses till fourth grade. I went till fourth grade before I got mine. I was an early bloomer preschool. I was trying to read the Bernstein Bear books and they were like, oh you can't read. I remember really confusing them on the hearing test because I didn't raise my hand once. And they're like, did you not hear anything? I was like, there was this really like high pitched annoying noise every now and then. But like I didn't hear the beeps you were talking about. They're like, no, those were the beeps. I remember that embarrassed me a lot. So then I had to do it over again and then I heard every beep. All right, well December 10th, 1993 marked a major point in gaming history because Doom launched on December 10th, 1993. I didn't know it launched that early.


I guess it makes sense, but to me, like I feel like, 'cause I was a little bit older when I first played it. It launched when I was older. But I know why that is. You, would you like to know why? Why it launched then? Or why I feel that way? Why you feel that way? So Doom originally came out And it was a DOS game, right? So Dos was the, the precursor to Windows and stuff like that. I Played some DOS games that a Star Wars dos game. Yeah. But inherently Dos is a less accessible computer than Windows. And so Bill Gates wanted Windows to become the gaming platform. So when Windows 95 launched, bill Gates had a huge campaign in which he starred in actual video ads saying Doom was coming to Windows.


And it was all a big, it was a big thing. There was a lot of promotion behind it because Doom was already, it was an extremely popular game. I'm not saying it wasn't popular before this, but for more people it became suddenly more accessible because it came through Windows. Did you still have to launch your computer in dos mode to play it back then? Or was that what like you no longer had to do that when, When it came to Windows, you didn't have to launch DOS mode. It could launch right from Windows. Interesting. Cool Man. Go into dos mode on computers. I forgot that that was even a thing. Yeah, you had to reboot in dos mode to play certain games. Oh, now the, the terminal, you know, comes up and I've actually had to do a lot more terminal stuff or command prompt stuff lately. Especially with the server.


'cause like you gotta do everything from like SSH commands into the server and all kinds of stuff like that. So I've actually, it's weird going back to it. It's very bizarre having to CD into directories. And although Linux, you know how I made fun of Linux people a while back, I was saying like they had to do all kinds of stupid shit to make their shit work. Are you a Linux now? No, I'm, I've done it now and I want to make fun of it because I wanna read you a command I had to type in to make this shit work. Because inherently in Linux there's a, there's a parameter called swap this, Which stands For how much the system has a proclivity to swap your memory out onto the hard drive, right?


So the command to get the swampiness down, I I I was talking, I I had to search a lot for this. To make this change, I had to go into the terminal type pseudo nano ET TC sis CTL d slash 99 dash swampiness con. And then I had to make a new variable inside this file called VM SWAMPINESS equals zero, save it with Ctrl X and then Y and then hit enter. And then I type in echo space zero line pseudo T pro VM swap.


And then I verify it with Cat Pro VM Swampiness. And then I, I changed one parameter in Linux, one goddamn parameter. Woo. Nice job Guy thinks he's computer Jesus. 'cause he turned swampiness off. Just dude, I felt like it when I had to, I had to figure out how to do this shit. And someone who does Linux is probably like, this guy's an idiot. You should have typed pseudo nano butthole type slot sloppiness. I don't even understand how anyone would know what these commands were if if someone else didn't tell me. Right. Well You used to learn this kind of stuff in schools back before we got rid of them.


You guys remember schools? That'll Be, that'll be on the test later. I mean admittedly computer science in school was a little outdated even when it was happening. I remember 'cause we had a visual basic class and I was like, oh boy, I can't wait to learn to be a programmer. The visual basics awesome as I copy and paste 20,000 Nested functions. No, I think we learned how to code in c plus in my high school computer science class. Damn. Not even c plus plus. Just C plus. No I just regular old c plus. I just Remember typing class and then playing Oregon trail. I did not know, I might be wrong about this, but is it's C then C plus plus and C sharp is actually c plus plus.


Plus plus. But they're stacked into a a, a symbol. 'cause if you take four pluses and stack 'em, it becomes the sharp symbol or the pound symbol. Isn't that just a number? Sign? See Pound. See pound. See pound is way cooler. I program in C pound. Really pound the computer in doing what I want. See Pound and a half. June 26th, 1997 Bob, we're moving forward a few years. Okay, it's June 26th, 1997 in two days market multiplier turns eight. That's true. That's True.


That must be what was happening. I don't know what I'm in like fourth grade at this point. Yeah, I think so There, this is a weird thing that's coming back to me, but I'm pretty sure this was fourth grade. We used to go outside for recess and part of our school's recess there was like the jungle gyms, whatever. And there was a soccer field and they had the big like competitive size soccer goals. 'cause it was, this was, they would in the evenings, the the like rec league would play games at our school. It was like a real soccer field. And so we had these big goals and on that particular day, I'm pretty sure it was real windy and we were outside just running around kind of playing soccer, kind of just kicking the ball at each other. And there was this girl and she was kind of playing around in the goal, not paying attention and she'd like climbed up and was goofing around.


And the huge gust of wind came and actually blew the frame of the goal over and the top bar of the 'cause she had climbed up, she fell with it and the top bar of the goal fell down directly across her face. And she had just the crazy, she was fine ultimately, but it like broke some of the orbital bone around her 'cause of the way she landed. She had just like the biggest craziest swelling called an ambulance. It doesn sound fine. It doesn't sound fine. It hurt. It hurt. And she had some recovery after that. She's totally fine. I I knew she graduated high school. I don't know what happened after high school, but like she, she had no serious long lasting things.


But that was some of the craziest shit I'd ever seen because I saw it happen and then I saw her laying there and I saw her face just start to go whoop. And it was like, oh, oh No, it wasn't like loony tunes where it was like, No it was bad. It was bad. But she was okay after a while and some recovery. But that was like burned into my memory. That was some crazy shit. I'm still kind of scared of soccer goals just 'cause I'm like, is it, is it pegged into the ground if it falls over? I swear to God I thought the way about monkey bars. I watched a kid break his arm in the monkey bars and I was like, I'm never touching those ever. Was it me? I don't Remember. Probably This would've been at spelt Did you go to spelt, Is that a place?


Yeah, it was called Pleasant Hill. But then they renamed after the principal who retired who'd been there for like 30, 40 years. It was called like Charles l spelt elementary. It's gone now. I think it's completely gone now, but I believe that's where I saw it happen. No, it was different 'cause the two other kids we were with was, were of a fundamentally different skin color than you so Old. All right, fair enough. Well this was like during recess anyway, so every kid was outside and like kind of got to witness. I'm sure that that's what you have written down on your piece of paper. Well, we'll find out after Mark tells me about June 26th, 1997 Gray. Huh? No wonder you left Ohio, man. It was always gray over your house.


Gray. There might have been snow. Turns out I might be colorblind guys, I just only see gray. No, I, I just got, I'd gotten glasses at that point, but I think the gray was from, oh my parents are getting divorced two days before my birthday. I don't know, I, I don't remember. Remember when they had the talk that it was gonna happen but I'm Say what a terrible time to announce. It's like happy birthday buddy. You get two birthdays this year. I think that at this point in my life I had probably gone to Korea ones so I guess my horizon had expanded. But it's one of those things where when you're a kid you hop in the magical tube and they say it's gonna fly and you just wait here for 16 hours and you're gonna be someplace else.


And you know, that's all I can remember of traveling to anywhere there. And you know, I fall asleep in the, the car or whatever. Anyway, so that, but that's not a Slice of Life at this point. I was doing a lot of staring at the sun. I had trouble seeing What'd you do? I didn't have glasses. And what I did, I just stared at the sun Mark actually grew up in a Brian Regan joke. I forgot. Someone told me to look at the sun. I didn't look at the sky. The rest of my, I still don't look if they're like, I'm like I don't wanna, I don't wanna lose my sight. He got Six seconds at the sun stare. It's new record. Dude. I went way more than six seconds. Lemme tell you. Six seconds is chump numbers. I think I made it up to a minute at one Point. Everyone out there watching or listening, this is not a challenge.


Don't do it. No, don't do this. I think I turned out fine. I don't know. Who knows. I've never, I've never valued my eyes as being my strong suit until I got, you know, surgery to correct my vision. And who knows, like maybe I don't have perfect vision, but I feel like I do. Anyway. That's neither here nor there. Definitely not there in June 22nd, 1980, no. Oh seven, June 26th, 1997. That's what I said. Editors. Make it what I Said Fix his mouth. Fix my mouth. June 20 hick 1980. Oh, bill Clinton, Did you meet him?


We were best buds. Really Weird if that, if true. I think I've answered your question, Tim. And all the Secret Service going to like your elementary school so you guys could hang out and play some kickball or something. You walk out at the end of the school day, bill Clinton's leaned up against the limo playing saxophone waiting for you. That's why all Mark could see is gray. 'cause it was just Bill Clinton's hair every time he looked up. No. So June 26th, 1997, this will be a fun one from everyone out there watching. 'cause most of you're gonna hate this, but for us at the time, it was important And it was a big deal at least I think for most of us. The first Harry Potter book came out, which I didn't care about at all except for the next year.


My fifth grade teacher read it to us in class And it was like one, we didn't have to learn, we didn't have to take tests, we weren't getting homework. And we were hearing this like cool story about like a wizard kid. So it was like really enjoyable at the time. And that's what got me into the books and movies and such. And obviously now we know more about the author than we did back then. But That came out in 97. Yeah, June 26th, 1997. I don't know when it became like more popular, right? 'cause like she wasn't immediately like I don't, she was basically an overnight success with those books. But like, it still probably took a little bit for them to gain traction. But yeah. At least according to my research, which could be wrong. Yeah, I would've guessed like five years after that because I, I, it just first when I got into reading those books was more like middle school age And it was 4, 3, 4 or five years.


Somewhere in there. This one's kind of a gimme December 31st, 1999. You know all those Zoomers, they don't understand, they'll never ever experience two millennia, two different millennia, let alone two different centuries. There's a reason they call us millennials because we are the bridge between these two eras of humanity. The definitely good, really cool future that we're in right now and headed towards and the past where it was just ah, horrible. They knocked down that wall in Germany, horrible and all that big that frigid war ended.


That was cool. Right? Frigid war. I remember that one. Very gray. Yeah, very gray. Yeah. Probably panic in the streets for Y 2K everything was gonna end. Everyone was gonna blow up spontaneously from their brain implants. You had to rip it out before clock struck midnight or else your head would explode. I can't believe you cared so much about Ronald Reagan and brain implants in 1999. But that's interesting. I didn't mention Ronald Reagan. Not once. Yeah. What did he mention? Ronald Reagan? You said the wall going down in Germany, wasn't that Mr. Gorbachev tear down that wall? Wasn't that Ronald Reagan?


Oh yeah, I guess that's true. He didn't shout that And it knocked it down. He didn't like scream Mr. Gorbachev paint this wall a different color as he handed him aray on No more gray in Germany. I think there might have been a few other steps between, you know, him saying that And it actually toppling Mr. Gorbachev fu and the Wall exploded over. All right Bob, tell me about December 31st, 1999. I can't believe Mark's just gonna casually say a bunch of unrelated shit and then throw in Oh and Y 2K was happening. Like that wasn't exactly what Wade had written down on his piece of paper. Like look, look, This is not the gear that it, it came out.


I don't believe I'm gonna commit to this even though it might be factually incorrect. But I think on December 31st, 1999, my brother and I were huddled in front of our Mitsubishi TV with our brand new N 64 plugged into that some bitch. Oh I think Ian 64 launched in the US in like Christmas of 96 or something. I'm not a hundred percent sure that Christmas 99, September 29th, 1996. Yeah, I'm not a hundred percent sure that 99 is the Christmas. We got it. We didn't get it the like very first year it came though. We got, so I think we would've been, and we had Mar 64, I think we had Glover, which underrated game, modern classic.


And I think we had goldeneye and I think we were just literally like huddled in front of our old Mitsubishi Tube TV sitting on the floor of the basement. N 64 plugged in. Just like having our whole lives changed by Nintendo Goldeneye was like the Fortnite of our childhoods as far as like everyone had Fortnite or, or everyone. Everyone had goldeneye or wanted to play Go goldeneye or went to someone's house to play Goldeneye. Like Goldeneye was the shit. It was like Pokemon and Goldeneye. It did have like the vibes of Fortnite too. 'cause it was like, you you are like, oh let's turn on big head mode. Yeah, let's turn down. And it was like goofy. You know, everyone had like some goofy particular game mode that where it was like, oh, we do this map and we turn on it.


We only this gun. And when those were the days, those are Good references. I don't know what year those came out, but yeah, N 64 was 96. I don't think it really had anything else that came out that was crazy until PS two launched. But that was 2000. So N 64 kind of had the market for a little while as far as like the console everyone wanted. And The, when did the game queue come out? That would've been like 2000 and, well, I don't know. Four. I never had a Game Cube. I don't remember that launch. New Millennium. It was, it was a weird time. 'cause it was like super exciting. I don't remember if it was like a, the Mayan calendar was a big deal back then. 'cause everyone was like, the Mayans predicted the world would end and then there was all the fear of like all electronics shutting down when we reached the new millennium. There were all kinds of like exciting things and like terrifying things.


And I remember watching like the countdown to the ball drop at my grandparents' house and it's like, what's gonna happen? Like as the thing counted down, it's like we're excited, but like you kinda got more nervous. Like, will the TV go off? Like is all of the power gonna just go off? Like what's gonna happen? No, I, I actually think about this today. Like a fair amount for anyone who's too young or who doesn't remember. Y 2K was a fear that up to the year 2000, generally speaking, software was coded with the year as two digits, right? You don't need to put 1998, you just put 98 and everyone was like, wait a minute, when it hits the year 2000, it's gonna tick over from 99 to double zero.


And maybe I don't understand part of the context or I don't remember it, but why did everyone think that was gonna make computers explode? Like they give a shit what year it is. Don't remember like the computer was gonna be like 99 and zero, zero. I can't exist. What it, whoa, I don't understand what the fear was. I wasn't invented yet. I get that. It's like if it was, if, if it was the thing where the date was important, like transactions or whatever, it might screw up the dates. But that's literally like a patch. Like you just patch a thing where it's like double zero means 2000, not 1900. Okay.


Like it's, but I just don't it. But people thought the world was gonna end and I don't think computers care what year it is. I don't think they're interested in that. I Remember there was like something with the, like the Mayans had a prediction back then that I think people interpreted as being like right now the world will, the Mayans called it as we switch over to the millennium. I feel like that was the thing and 2012 would Be the next time the mines predicted. Everything would exclude. Yeah, those guys were just worrywarts They were just thinking that ev every, every so often the world was just gonna be over with. But just like they weren't sure. They just want everyone to be aware. Maybe it's coming up. They're like, we're gonna have like six end of the world dates. Either one of them will be right, we'll look really smart.


Or by the time they get to the sixth no one will care anymore 'cause they'll just be ignoring us. Six is the number of end world events. All right. How the minds talked when they made their plans. All right. They talked like wish.com. Patrick Warburton. Bob, I got a tough one for you. I'm gonna try to give you some hints to help like I did with Mark September 11th, 2001. Hmm. The reason I bring this date up is because I think being alive before that date, definitely our perspectives of the world shifted. I think, I don't know, my instinct is to make a joke, but I don't, I I know it still feels like you can't, right? Like Where I joke about, I don't even feel like I can't, of all the things where I'm willing to joke about like politics and dumb stuff that has happened in historical things.


The, I do think specifically being in school on September 11th, 2001 was a particular type of experience. I think if you were so young, you weren't in school, you were also so young you don't remember. And I think for like adults who may or may not have even gotten to go home from work, depending on what you did and what was happening and how people were like getting the info, being in school was wild. That's the one time in my life where we were in school in class, I was in sixth grade that year I think. And literally like the teacher, it was like, 'cause crazy stuff has happened. There were tragedies and things that happened where like the teachers got the news and I'm sure they were like, well let's just finish school and I'll let their parents tell them or whatever.


Like this is not that. Literally the moment the teachers started to talk to each other and the, and the message got around, the teacher was just like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna turn the news on the TV guys. We're just gonna, And it wasn't a thing where they were like, we'll let their parents tell them. Or the stuff that went, that played out on, on that day started happening and the teachers were just like, holy shit. And turned the news on. And I think collectively because they were just like, I don't know if the world is gonna shut down or if we are in some danger here or what. They were like, we just need, like, we need to know what's happening and we need see, you know, what we should do for the kids if we're doing.


And we ended up getting sent home. We ended up getting bused home really early on in the day as a kid. I didn't really even appreciate it to the same extent that I do now when, when things of that nature happen, tragedies and those huge losses of life and stuff. But it's burned into my memory because all the adults were, I was old enough to be like, whoa, that's really bad. But all the adults were just like totally and completely the facade was down, right? Teachers are always like, they always keep that sort of wall up and they're the teacher and you're the student and they were just like, oh my, holy shit. What the fuck? And it was, it was super unsettling. That part of it, because you don't get that in school.


Even when terrible shit is happening in school. Even if the building was on fire actively, the teacher would be like, alright everybody, All right, we're gonna stand up, line up at the door. You know, the thing, like it's, there's, there's a rapport, right? And so yeah, obviously the terrorist attack on September 11th, I do remember that. But it's a very particular experience I feel like for our generation being in, if you are in a school setting and the way that all happened, at least in our, the way our city handled it, it was very, very, very etched into my, my memory and like how I see the world changed, how I see the world. For sure. Mark, we went to the same school at that point. Mark, pick something else that happened on that day.


Oh, gray, very gray History through the eyes of Mark. I was, I was in time out in the corner staring at the gray, gray wall and everyone was weirdly quiet behind me. I heard they roll in the tv, but a lash, I was in timeout, I was gonna bring that up. So I don't know that that's the most relatable thing for people anymore, but back in the day, I don't know where they were stored, but we had like this cart where a TV sat on the cart, like a big tv, not like the little flat screens we have now. And teachers had to roll these carts into their classroom. Had this, if you Never saw the TV room, you were not the right kind of nerd because there was just a room where all those motherfuckers lived in the library.


I never saw the room. It's just teachers would randomly just roll a TV in from seemingly nowhere and we'd watch like Bill Nye or you know, reading Rainbow whatever have you. It's a magical room. There's TVs, there's overhead projectors, there's the, if you were in a fancy school, there's the carts with the laptops where you get the la you take the laptops out, it's all, it's all in a room, man. And if you learn where that room is, you can sneak in there and watch the prices. Right? During study hall, not that I ever did that. It use your palm pilot that has an IR blaster and you get the app on your Palm pilot and you figure out what brand the TV is and then you can use your palm pilot to control the tv. 'cause the TVs are all, there's no buttons, right? 'cause the students are not supposed to.


What Kind of rich school did you? We had like the TV and if we had an outlet to plug it in. We were lucky Cards completely on the table. I lived in an extremely wealthy district. My, I grew up in a city where there's a PGA golf course and the, the memorial tournament happens there every year. It's, we grew up like Mike. My parents live away from the golf course and it's still extremely nice. But our school district was like money because all the houses around the golf courses, multiple golf courses, big, big mansions, like yeah, we had lots of fancy shit that okay. Most probably a lot of other people didn't have for, We had the TVs on carts that, I think that's the extent of our Did you ever have the Elmo, did you guys, when did Elmos come into existence for you?


Instead of it being a projector where it was like a clear film And it was projected onto the Elmo was a camera. A camera that shot down on and just recorded it and projected that onto a thing. I am 99% sure that if you go to Milford today, they still have the original screen projector. Projector With the little marker at the wipe off the top. Which Honestly they work, it's fine. They're great. They're really good. Actually They're, we never got Elmo. We only had the other one. We only had Elmo. We had like one Elmo in the school. It was like a new kind of experimental, but it was cool. We got to use It. Elmo, Palm pilots, flat screens, laptops. They did have The, the smart board, which even I remember like the, you know the something, there was something digital about it that made it like a smart board And it never worked.


Every teacher hated it And it was just not, They still have smart boards, modern smart boards work a little bit. Those ones back then didn't do shit ever. Yeah, They had to calibrate. I remember they had to like touch four corners. Oh Yeah. You would touch the thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tap, tap, tap and then be like, fucking tap, tap. Actually you're unlocking a memory. I think maybe we did, 'cause I, I remember someone doing that. We went to the same school, so I would assume Yeah, But I, that wasn't very commonplace 'cause most people just had like the normal chalk or the marker. But I do remember that particular event happening, the apps, anyway, sorry Mark, it was your turn. The TV was rolling in Gray. I was staring at the wall. They rolled it in and everyone was probably watching something really fun.


Couldn't hear it, couldn't see it. I dunno what happened. Then we got to go home. Which Wasn't any different for you because it was still gray. And I get back home and my dad's crying for some reason and I'm like, Hmm, that's weird. Anyway, time for video games. I'm gonna go play doom. Bye. He said something about turning that place to glass and I went downstairs and was like, okay, cool. I like glass. God, God, It's Greg, Greg less, you know? No, I, I legitimately remember like he, I mean my dad was like an army guy. He was a career army guy for like 21 or 23 years. I can't really remember right now. But yeah, so he was, he was very much, very much angry.


I Feel like I, so I remember going to school and then like I don't remember what order my classes were in, but I had like literature. It was something, literature was what it was called with, I remember the teacher Book literature, words literature. I remember the teacher, like someone coming in and talking to our teacher and then like the TV rolled in and then back then we watched, I think it was called like channel one news. Like even before this event, even before nine 11, we had like channel one news every day at like homeroom or whatever. We'd watch channel one news, which was like news designed for kids or whatever on this particular day. We went and we watched it. Like we saw this stuff going on on tv. Then like it got turned off because it was a bit too much I think for us. So the teachers kind of had it on and they were just like watching in disbelief.


We went to homeroom and then they had like some of, they already had like their version of it playing. So it was kind of dumbed down for kids to see where it was a little bit less brutal. But I feel like when the second tower was hit, we were watching, either we were home at that point or we were watching on the TV. When that happened, I was home. I remember So you might've been home, I don't know, prior to nine 11. I remember like going into the neighbor's yard. We would play in the neighbor's yard. We'd run around down the street. We kind of do whatever front doors could be left unlocked. Like there was not really a lot of concern about the world and I feel like that day everything as far as like how we felt about being safe anywhere changed. There was just like, I don't know what, what, what you call innocence or just being naive, whatever it was that was completely different and everything felt scarier after that because it was just like a plane.


No one ever thought anything about a plane other than just like planes get you from point A to point B. But like those being used and ev everything that happened, watching it, just living it, the panic, not knowing what was gonna happen. Like were we under attack, was an invasion coming. There was just so much uncertainty and fear. It was just such a different feeling for us compared to anything we'd experienced before. Like you said, seeing teachers drop their facades and just being like scared people was the one of the most unnerving things as a kid because you never saw a teacher kind of like publicly lose that facade or whatever you wanna call it wild times.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does find jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion, everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship and responsible sourcing in mind. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look. Shop online@missouri.com or in store today.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


Mark, I think your first here, this is probably the last one for this one. Then maybe we'll do this again 'cause I didn't get through nearly as many as I thought we would. June 26th, 2003 I got this. You know what else is gray? A big beautiful aircraft Carrier where George W. Bush was standing in front of a big banner that said Mission accomplished. Is that the right date For that? I'm gonna look that up. I Dunno. I feel like that's close. I think it might. I think the only thing is it might've happened the year before that You were so close to. Absolutely right. It was May 1st, 2003. I knew it was somewhere in there, but Yeah, no, we did it.


We were riding the high of our success stock market. Never been boomer. Nothing can take down U-S-A-U-S-A. Sorry, not gray. I'm talking red, white and blue baby. What a callback to, wow. What a memory. I forgot about that entirely. I forgot about that entirely. You Forgot about mission accomplished. I did until you just me mentioned it. I completely forgot about that. Yeah. What a, what a time. Good thing. Yeah, we were out of Iraq like next day we're done. Something like that. Yeah. Okay. That's not the event I had in mind, but that was very close. Bob, do you know what happened on June 26th, 2003? That is when Pierce Brosnan starred in his final James Bond film.


Never, don't say never a die again. Don't you dare say Never to me James Bond. Don't. You wouldn't not never say never to Pierce Bond and, and everybody liked it and especially the scene where for some reason he's para surfing on a giant wave caused by, I don't remember what, but that is as tall as a six story building. Somehow because of physics. What a memory. But still not. Right. That was November 22nd, 2002. That was like six, seven months prior. Might've still been in some theaters at that point. It was a good movie. Everybody loved that movie.


If I recall, I did On June 26th, 2003, the NBA began the era of LeBron James. What's that? Is that baseball? Someone out there might appreciate it. That maybe does a sports or watches sports podcasts. I actually do a lot of sports. I just very specifically don't know a single fucking thing about NBA. Anything I, I picked some obscure dates on purpose for this. Actually. I do wanna do one more because I think no. Did Bob who, who did this one first? Mark did this one first, right? Yes. Yeah, I think Mark starts. So I wanna do one more to make sure you guys both get to start one evenly. Do you guys remember life in 2003? Was it any different? About the same?


I generally remember like what my middle school looked like and I was in, I was hardcore in the nerd group with my palm pilot and my, you know what you call it. But actually I think in that was the summer before my last year of middle school. Oh no, that would've been the summer. The first summer of high school. I mean it doesn't matter. I didn't all about the same. I would've been in football two a days, more than likely. At that point in the summer, Early ninth grade, I started dating a girl in high school that I was, I was in a relationship for four years. But we started dating in 2003. That's like the one big memory I have of 2003 was that relationship. 'cause there was like a lot of buildup to it. 'cause I was a coward and couldn't just ask people out. You guys remember, oh what were those called?


Gogos, do you remember those little plastic guys? They were like little, little plastic figures and they were like collectible. You would like buy a pack and get a get rid of ones And they had like, they had like different types of plastic. Some of them were like literary and I think they were called Gogo's. I don't remember that at all. That's all I got. But I do have a date for you. Bob Gogo's Crazy Bones. That's what they were called. Crazy Bones, Gogos, crazy Bones. I just Called even looking at them. I have no recollection of that. This is one I think you both will know Bob. What happened November 23rd, 2004 Is that when Barney the dinosaur, Macy's day balloon escaped and wreaked havoc in downtown New York City and terrified and traumatized children everywhere.


'cause giant, That was seven years prior. That was 1997 apparently where Barney was torn apart on 51st Street. Ah, that's so close. So close. I almost got it. I mean, compared to where we're at now, 97 to 2004 are kind of close. I don't, I thought he was just joking. I didn't know that was actually a Thing that happened. That's a thing that happened. But it was my only other guess, which is wrong is that's not the release date of the Xbox 360. Is it? I think the Xbox 360 released in the spring of the following year potentially. That was November 22nd, 2005. That was a year later. Okay. It was fall of the next year. Okay. Do you remember life in 2004? What was life like for you? In 2004 I was still on the football team so I was still probably doing football practice.


Mainly what I was worried about was football. That actually might have been, that was right around the time where I ruined my shoulder and actually probably made the decision to quit football. But up to that point, up to that season, I had played football since I was like, ooh, 10 years old or something. And was pretty like I wanted to go play football in college and I wanted to be a a starting center and, but then in practice I like messed up. I fell on my arm real weird and tore some stuff on the front of my right shoulder and, and then I spent the rest of that season not playing on the JV team and decided to quit football forever. So that was the main thing that was happening for me back then. I considered having surgery.


I never actually had surgery. My shoulder sort of healed up over time 'cause it wasn't that serious of an injury. But probably the best thing that's ever happened to me. The guys on the football team were not good people to me. They did not treat me nicely. I had that experience with my basketball team Dick Weeds. So I, I quit football and started doing marching band and that's where I met all of my friends. Any friends I still have from high school today, were all in band and none of them were on the football team. So that was a big turning point for me. But I think it was a positive one. Mark, this seems Familiar this date for some reason. I don't know what it is. I don't know why it is, but something happened on this day. Something now your turn.


Tell me about your life on this day. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought we were having a conversation here. I thought I was talking to my friend about the the past. No, you're talking to your host. My host. Thank you. Thank you. No, something wasn't the iPod. I feel like it was something launched on this day. Was this World of Warcraft. Was this World of Warcraft. It was World of Warcraft. Is that the launch day of world? Holy shit. It is, isn't it? November 23rd, 2004. Wow. Launches. Wow. I knew this day was important for some reason I just didn't know why. That makes so much sense.


Your lives were forever changed after the launch of this game as well as your college roommate. Yeah, I know, right? Oh well huh Man, if I'm honest, I didn't play Wow. Until I lived with Mark freshman year of college. So that had almost no impact on me whatsoever. Yeah, I didn't start with the launch. I started slightly after the launch, but I don't remember when after it wasn't right away. 'cause I, I remember talking to my dad about it. I was like, you have this and he is like a subscription. You have to pay Boo. And then you know, a few months later and I started playing it for some reason, I don't remember if I paid this subscription or whatever. That Was the day that wow launched. I thought it was earlier than that 2004.


I thought it was some reason I thought wow was closer to like Diablo two's launch. No, that game's been around for too long. That game's around. Yeah, but Diablo two came out like 99. I thought wow was like right around that same time period. I didn't realize Diablo two was so much older than Wow. So I guess maybe five years isn't so much older. But in my brain it is. 'cause we were very different places in 1999 versus 2004. I know I'm not supposed to look anything up, but I was like man is it still going on? There's this website MMO champion that I used to check all the time for news on why I'm like, they're still doing it. Still have updates, still patch notes, still new items coming out. Man, this is still here. Well we got exactly halfway through the list of items I had.


So this is definitely gonna have to be like a future one that I pick up. But, but looking at the time, I've gone a little bit over. Whoops. I don't remember what order of operations are here. I think I read off things then we add something to the wheel, then we spin. Is that right? It's Whatever you want man. You're the host Man. Yeah, it's Listen, I think for the wheel, this might favor Mark in this particular episode, but for the wheel most callbacks, there was a lot of gray today And it just, it lived rent free in my head that I was gonna figure out how I, every date I wanted to figure out how Mark would make it gray, which he didn't for a while. But every other one there was gray. That was the only time I saw color. I just think most callbacks will go on the wheel as far as points go. Lemme start with Mark for no particular reason. Mark, you got points for Apple Rewards dos to Windows 1995, Y 2K, gray Bush aircraft carrier and wow, I was hoping you were gonna go gray, gray, gray.


Bob, you got points for accidental saw by Mark birthday. Remember Reagan fuss throw DA 9 11, 98, 99, boom. And Molly got a point for, I don't remember what, Getting a car probably. And then I guess we do wheel, I've gotta a roll of D three and I've got a two. We need to migrate this wheel into a more official context. 'cause I think this one caps out at 25 inputs, we're Reaching the end of this wheel's lifespan. We currently have 23 inputs. We'll just have multiple wheels going at the same time. Collaborative. Yeah, no, I will say I saw people talking on the subreddit and they were like, they should delete one every time they add one then, because then you know, then we'll we won't have repeats.


That's not the point. The point is, by the end of this season, this wheel is gonna have like a hundred fucking things on it and it's gonna be amazing. It'll have probably 365 things. All right, Well we got two spins coming in. Yep. Spin number one. Oh, Okay. Most callback we, that's the one you just added. No. Have We ever had that happen? I feel like that has happened with like the newest one being No, we Kept getting listener and viewer points, but we actually don't. We have, we've maybe one other time I think had had the new one get picked. But You're right. I'm I it's totally fair. I'm not protesting it at all. 'cause definitely me, right?


Yeah. I mean it was made for your gray, so yeah. All right. Spin number two. The fairest spin of all most distracted. Who's the most locked in today? 'cause the other one would be the most distracted. I mean, I was fairly distracted, but I try to keep it chill 'cause I make a lot of noise sometimes. So I, I've been, I have multiple fidget spinners that I've been fidgeting with and things. And what, how many new webpages did I open? I opened about six new webpage. Three of them are unrelated things. I Googled. One of them is about Golden I 64 Mark. Can you top that or is Bob more distracted than you? No, actually I was, 'cause I thought we weren't allowed to, you know, go on the internet.


Yeah, well that's the thing is I wasn't, I wasn't googling things about the episode. We were just talking and then I'd be like, huh, when did the game cube release? And then I just googled that. All Right, I'll give you that one. I'll give you that one. That's fair. I didn't, I didn't do that. And then I looked into the Game Cube, but I was like, oh, I missed time splitters. So then I pulled up some stuff about the time splitter series 'cause it was good games. And then that led me to, oh you know what I miss more than that. It was a perfect dark zero. That was a good one. And then I started and that connected back to Goldeneye. And I was also Googling stuff about the Mayan calendar after we talked about that. Well, Prior to the wheel spins, mark had six points. Bob had five. You each got one from the wheels.


Mark you end up with seven. Bob with six Molly at one. Hmm. Mark, you win. Yay. Winner. Speech memory. Such a funny thing. Will people remember this victory that I claimed? Yes. Yes. They will. Just like, they always remember when I mark I ply, doth win and I doth win by getting more points. So thank you to me for performing so good in everything that I do. And also also me for my past self for being there for me. Bob, do you have a less gray loser speech? As a person with a Fantasia?


I feel like this episode was relatively targeted against me. Mark got to rely on his very vivid visual memories. And that's why he had so many colors in, in what he was talking about. And, and I, you know, I did my best. But when you're, when you're at such a disadvantage and it's, you know, it's really outside my control, how my mind works. You know, it's hard to, it's hard to keep your head in the game, but I did what I could and I only lost by one. So it's as bad as losing by a hundred. Go go me. Well thank you all for watching and I guess sort of thank you for listening. If you didn't watch, but you should have watched 'cause you always should watch. See you all the next one.


If you haven't already, go follow Bob at my group Market, market player, or me at minion. Seven. Seven or Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7. Until next time, podcast. Out.