
This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken sauce goes on Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for Dipping only at McDonald's.


This episode is brought to you by Magic. The Gathering. The worlds of final fantasy are coming to magic. The Gathering wield iconic spells, someon legendary beasts and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions and wonder that fans love. This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friends. This is just a great Cola Cola. Two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff and just long running like all the way back to my childhood. Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the adventure, this set is for you. The final Fantasy and Magic Gathering Crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com.


This episode is brought to you by ikea. A dream study space does not have to break the bank. Ikea has so many wonderful things with their college essentials. It's easy to create a space that sets students up for success where you can get whatever you need to be at your best. Maybe have a good time, you know when you've got a minute. Ikea checks every single box on your checklist. So you could start your year in style. Visit ikea usa.com/ready for college. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to Shop Now.


This episode of Distractible is presented by Vitamin Water. Some drinks are fun, some drinks are functional, but Vitamin Water said Why not Both The Elevate blue raspberry actually very good. As I'm getting older, I found that I'm a raspberry guy. They also have zero sugar rehydrate pineapple passion fruit. As I'm getting older, I'm finding I'm really a pineapple guy. I'm like Wade, but with apples, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glass O Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of Glass O.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode Pop it Bob s the Driver's Nirvana and denies existence of Wade's visitors mournful. Mark hates aqui assisted cos ai impersonators in a trench coat and stapled switches. We are like Wade finally gets his atlantian automobile gets cleared at loves his treehouse and DVDs from boating accidents to Distractible ink. Yeah, it's time for Sometimes We Just Chat now, sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome to another episode of a podcast. Nobody likes it. Oh One, my name is Bob and I will be your host because I won the last one fairly and squarely and not at all by random chance because we outlawed random chance in the constitution that we made and when we were in the hot tub with the boat, you know things that make sense. My competitors for today, the boat episode, we've forgotten. Oh, we do have to do the Biannual. Yeah, that's true. Oh no. Wait, are we abiding by it? Because it was biannual would be every two years and we've meant every other. No what? Yeah, we did. That was technically last summer we did the boat episode and we did realize that we don't want it to be twice a year.


We want it to be the other kind of biannual Twice a month Wade. Oh boy. As soon as that car gets fished out from the bottom of the ocean, you should buy a boat to go get that and then we'll take, we will have that. That'll be our boat. I got a funny story about Wade's car. I also have that same funny story. You mean this my car? Nice AI photo wade. Yeah. Nice job. Who? Who photoshopped you into there? 'cause I know you don't know how to do that. You're right. I don't know how to do that. I have real Car. It looks terrible. You look way balder than that. Yeah, that makes you look really stupid. It's a real photo. Keep telling yourself that then we'll believe you.


Okay. I don't think I need to say it but small talk. We start with small talk which will be mostly I think making fun of Wade for his stupid decision to buy a car that already fell to the bottom of the ocean. It certainly has. And he's never gonna actually see in real life. I want to confirm 100% that Wade's car was sunk in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. He didn't even know where Germany was when he ordered it. And so they sent it and it's at the bottom of the ocean aboard the bob. You have the name The USS Enterprise. It's a very official ship. No you didn't. You didn't see there. Actually there was an article last night about a cargo ship, oh that had cars on it that had capsized and caught fire.


The Zodiac maritime ship carrying 3000 cars, 800 EVs caught fire and had to be abandoned. The cars and EVs are burning on board as we speak. Explains why Wade's never gonna get his car. I guess. Literally already have it. Had it for a week now your car's burning off the coast of Alaska right now. I'm sorry. If you have your car, aim your camera at it right now. Yeah, I thought so. Huh? Come on, show us. Show us the car. It's not in my office. Oh, he doesn't wanna pan around 'cause of all the poop water. He's like knee deep in Weights. Existence is wading through his own feces and not owning any red BMWs. I don't know how to respond to this. Show us the car. It's all you have to do. Show us the car.


You guys wanna come over? Can't even show us a real picture of the car. Show you a different picture of the car. No, I said a real picture of the car. That's not real. I mean there That one's not real. He Needs time for it to generate. Hold on, let, let, let him generate his cars. Oh, I'm trying to get the same color red so it looks the same. Oh that's not What, Sorry. Yeah, see he can't even produce a second picture. He's just trying to distract us with dogs for some reason. Clearly fake. That actually looks like the most photoshopped picture of a car I've ever seen. It looks like a thumbnail I've made.


It's real. Anyway, mark, tell us something that's actually happening. You know how a while ago I was like water cooling great. Not that scary. You know the the bell curve, that's like stupid. People are like water cooling's dumb and then it's like water cooling's great. And then the smart people at the end are like water cooling was never a good idea. Water cooling's not a good idea. Oh No. I hate that shit so hard. I've had so many leaks. Catastrophic shit. I can't tell you how much that stuff sucks. You end up spending just about as much as you've been on the computer equipment to robustly do it. It takes so many fucking hours to put it all together. And then I realized someone did this where they took like a, an old graphics card. It's like a 99 80 like this is from like eight years ago and they stuck a CPU cooler on the top of it And it broke records for like the highest overclocked in terms of like that graphics cards on S one benchmark.


And it's like man, air cooling just is better. It just is. You don't have to deal with fucking water. Water and electronics were never meant to mix. No immersion cooling. Oh he is going back to glauber salts. Wait, I'm gonna dunk it in ERs. I have more but I'll let Wade talk more about his fake car. Yeah. You got any other made up stuff you wanna talk about Wade? I like to drive it. How was it to drive your your car? Was it fun? Did you enjoy that? Yes, But the very first time I drove it I, I don't buy many cars. I've only ever bought two. Oh we know whenever you Go to purchase a car you go through the whole process right? Of like Wait, I don't know what your process is of buying a car.


So I don't know where this the, the instructions are coming from here 'cause you seem to have gone down some back alley from the dark web. I'm gonna give you my experience. My experience was fine up until the point where it's like I went like you, you meet the banker, it's like the dealer, no deal guy. You go into the room and the guy's like, I take your money. Do you want one of these 50,000 options? You mean the finance guy? They had my car inside like it was inside their showroom or whatever type area and someone moved it outside. I finished up all of the signings and paying whatever go outside some dude I've never seen before talked to before. And then the guy I originally talked to to buy the car both walk me out and then they just like look at me expectantly as like I'm getting in the car.


And cars are very different now than they were back in 2015 when I bought my last one. There's a lot more technology and stuff in them. Like it used to be like you literally just plugged your phone into like the lighter conduit. If you wanted to listen to your music it was a bit more Old. Okay, say what you just said again but do it in a voice like this and now start every sentence with back in my Day man, fish tape cassette player here. And you had to get the cassette with the little chord on it. You put in there and connect it to your CD player, listen to your CDs. And then the next one they had a CD player And it Oh, fancy putting your disc in. Where does it go?


Did you have to get the little CD with the little cord on it so you could put it in there and Oh I didn't have that fancy one but I didn't have the old lighter for smoking And you had a little charger you could plug into the lighter there and ooh magic play music. Yeah, they still have that one that actually still exists Now. They've got their Bluetooth and their USBs and their US BBCs and their USB double Ds and it's like, I don't Know what I'm playing with while I'm trying to draft. I'm gonna look up USB double D and if this isn't porn I'm Gonna be very, it's definitely porn. It's a hundred percent porn. Nah nah it's not porn.


Oh maybe one of you guys' search histories are compromised enough but I'm not getting anything. I'm Not gonna try. 'cause mine might be anyway. I got outside, I was adjusted my seat and electronics and everything and I was, and these two dudes are just standing next to me and this is a convertible. So the top was down and I was like I don't want you to watch me adjust my seat and mirrors please. You could have slowly put the top up, you know? Yeah. I didn't, Maybe they were expecting a tip. Do you tip these people traditionally? How does that work? After What I paid for this car? They weren't getting a tip. God no. So instead of getting my stuff all where I wanted it to, I was tired of them watching me. So I was like All right, thanks. And I drove off and at this point I couldn't see 'cause I was sitting so high up that the top of like the windshield was like where sun flap are.


So you crash into a semi? No, there's another parking lot across the street. So I just drove over there and then got all my stuff where I wanted to. But while I was driving through the parking lot I was like Molly, if there's anything I might hit tell me I can't See. She's like, what do you mean you can't see? I was like, I just had to get away. It's still true. All you have to do is look at Wade and not talk to him and that is the most uncomfortable a person could be in the universe. God, there were two of 'em doing it. Like I could tell they both wanted to go inside. I wanted them to go inside but they were like, well we gotta stand here till he leaves. And I was like, I gotta go. I gotta get the fuck Outta here.


Well these guys did the whole transaction with you in theory, if it did in fact happen, One of them did not. I don't know what one of them was. He appeared with a like a to-go bag that had like a BMW hat, a little mini car, some stickers and stuff. And he was just like, here you go pal and joy. And I was like thanks guy I've never spoken to, who are you? Did you talk to him? Did you ask him? No. Maybe he was like the manager or I'm sure if you had talked to him he would've said something. No, he had glasses and like some stubble. Oh some stubble. Right. I know that guy. Get some glasses and stubble. I was a scared. I was a scared. I was scared. I was a Scared of him. Gordon Freeman like scares the piss out of this guy here.


God. Yeah. You know Gordon Freeman. Gordon Freeman. Anyone getting that? Yeah. Half life. Half-life Guy. Half life. Yeah. Kind of goatee stubble situation. Remember I think of half-life. I don't think of Gordon Freeman first. I think like the old scientist who's like the first guy like God get away From the beam. Anyway, that was my car buying experience. It was fine. It actually really smooth. So we know this never happened. Okay. Because that's not how you got your car. It was on a boat that sank. You swam down to get it out and you drove it out from Atlantis. I thought it was on a boat that sank. Thankfully it was not. And someone on the subreddit will provide a picture that is just as realistic as yours of this occurrence that I'm describing.


So we won't know what to believe. Hmm. Subreddit, get on that. Defend me. I've never said that before in my life. I don't Know if you have Specifically subreddit defend me. Maybe you haven't said Yeah, Subreddit rera me Subreddit put wait's car in Guam. It's a convertible. All the guam's getting in It probably was probably was Guam. Isn't Guam a place? I think a guacamole. Which one's? Which? Oh same thing. Sorry Guam. Guam's gonna be real pissed when they hear this. He called us guacamole. Wade called you guacamole.


Just to be clear, This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. You know what I got into recently? Pens, you just find them on Amazon, they're just out there and pens is not a weird thing to be interested in. So don't say that Me. It's been prime video. Then in the last like two weeks I've was like, you know what I need to do? I need to watch every war movie ever made. I Love war movies, Whatever it is. Prime helps you get more out of whatever passions you are into or getting into head to amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


So yeah, no I don't like the car buying experience either having actually bought vehicles in my life. So I think that there has to be a better way and I think we're not sponsored by them at all. But I've, I never bought from CarMax before. Any kind of like service like that. But from what I've heard, it's much more like you look at the price online, you go there, that's the price, there's nothing else to it. You have a trade in, you know they, they tell you what they'll give you before you get there. It's not the, hey I can only give you half of what the actual estimate is and I'm okay you don't like that. I'm gonna go stand around the corner and look at a wall for 15 minutes and then I'll be back with a slightly higher number.


And I swear that's all they're doing because I don't hear any conversation. Yeah, it's a big echoy room. There's no doors on any of the offices I can hear when people are talking, they ain't talking anyway so it's, I don't want to ever buy a car like that ever again. And I don't think I will. If there's another option, I will say CarMax does basically work the way that you said, but the downside is that they just really could not fucking care less about whatever is happening. So if you buy a car and like it comes with some kind of warranty generally, right? Like, but if you buy a car and Mandy had this experience where she bought her first car she bought from CarMax And it was a nice little car, very like simple.


But it came with the radio in it. And the radio was functional but broken in a way where like it had this weird sound phasing thing. It's like hard to describe even, but if you're listening to it for a while you'll hear it And it will drive you slowly. Insane. They were supposed to, it was supposed to be covered and she went, did a whole song and dance with them and they did not fix shit. Like she even like took it in and they were like, oh we'll fix it. And then they looked at it and they were like, that's fine, we didn't fix anything 'cause it's not broken. And that was it. I don't know if it's worth it to go to a dealer that will try and address your issue, especially if you're buying a a nicer car like Wade's car he bought. I've always been curious about like the, again, not sponsored or affiliated in any way, but like Carvana and those sites where it's like you buy it online site unseen and they deliver it to your house.


I don't think I could trust that. I don't even like doing that with food and I don't really care that much about food. A car that costs as much as cars cost. It just shows up at your house and the guy's like, well sign this paper and it's yours. And I'm like, what does it turn on or what, how do, how does it, how do I know, how do I trust you? Car DoorDash driver From Car Dash. Car Dash. Yeah. No, I I didn't even know that was a thing. But in, in a way it makes sense to do that. Like they deliver the car. Why do I, if I need a car, how do I get to the car place you get me the car. 'cause it can go places. I know, but then you didn't even like sit in it before you bought it.


It's like, that'd be like buying clothes without trying them on. Couldn't do it. You you don't buy clothes so it's not really an issue that comes up for you. I buy clothes just like I buy clothes Like Wade buys cars. Sure We're the same. That's what I was thinking. Mark bought new underwear. Wade bought a car. You guys are the same. Same. Lemme tell you, this is a brave year to get a convertible though because cicadas are nuts right now. You keep bringing that up. I was talking about that the other day with Mandy 'cause it's been, it's been nice out and we've been in the yard or at the park with James like every day basically. Unless it's like thunderstorming we're we're outside. I have not seen a single fucking cicada. And I looked and I know that what you're saying is correct, but how the shit are we who live 25 minutes away from you not seeing any cicadas at all.


I don't understand. Come on down man. Because all the trees around the base of the tree is just covered in shells. They're still shells all over each of the trees. Like even part of our wall has shells on them. You can't walk through the grass without seeing like one crawling around. Presley was trying to eat one the other day driving on like the highway. There's a big old splat in the middle of my new windshield where one dove down. But also like I was watching the way that they're flying on the highway and I had the top down and I was like, maybe I should put the top up 'cause they were just dive bombing. Everyone was like, if one of these hits me in the eye while I'm driving, I'm gonna freak out and die. It's not a good thing to have happen. That happened to Jeremy Clarkson once on top gear looked very unpleasant.


It's very loud too. They're so loud. That's so, I'm just so confused. 'cause I, I told that to Mandy and she was like, nah, there can't be, we don't have any, it can't be a 17 year brood of cicadas. Apparently there is Is she Like that doesn't exist Or Well like she knows about that. Right. Okay. We grew up with that in Ohio, but she was like, well there clearly isn't because there is not a single cicada anywhere to be seen. And we've seen the 17 year brood of cicadas and it's crazy. It's like waits. It's like we live in two different parts, like two different continents or something. I don't understand. It's just fucking weird. I feel like a, a cicada truther. Like, I'm like, you're like, yeah the cicadas are here and I'm like, there's not a single one.


It's full of shit. I could go out and catch like 30 of them and about 10 to 15 minutes pretty easily. Also they make a different noise in the trees when they're just like up there like I don't know what they do. Whatever that noise is when they fly by your head. Like one flew right by my head, I jumped. It sounds like a banshee scream almost like they have a terrifying like as they pass by your head really closely. I, okay, This guy's got gargoyles. I don't think he has a Pretty Sure between, between the car story and now this about the, the demon cicadas that are attacking his dogs. What's going on? Wade's just making stuff up. Are you a pathological liar? No, it's true.


Did you lose your hair and your sense of integrity? I have Hair Some Thank you. Just Like he is some integrity But all of it's on your lower parts. Those are integral, Which is not a good thing for integrity, tell you that. All right, I don't know where we're going with this. I gotta be honest. I have a tech update. Oh not for me. This is a general, have you ever had $10,000 sitting in your pocket that you just wanted not there anymore? Oh, all the time probably. I like having that. Would you rather have a A graphics card instead?


Yes. A graphics card. One $10,000 graphics card. Oh Man. With a diamond one. Oh no, it's, no. Okay. I gotta tell you it's astonishing what Nvidia I would say thinks they could get away with but they're actively getting away with it. Gets away with pricing their cards at just because of the AI craze. It's unbelievable. They just released a one called the RTX Pro 6,000 Blackwell edition. Oh sure. All right. And what attracted you to this? Nothing attracted me. I'm not buying this. He Said it's not about him. He did say that.


I just didn't believe that we're Saying the ridiculousness of it. This is a absurdity. Oh okay. Is it as good as five graphics cards or what's the deal with this? No, not at all. Okay, so if you have a four, I've said this before, the 50 90 generation was not worth the upgrade. The 40 90 was such a big leap from the 30 90. You could stick with the 40 90. It's the new 10 80 TI of this generation, the 40 90 is gonna live as like this is the card, you get it if you can get it at a used price, get it. It's a good card and it's gonna last you years. This one is 30% Faster. I'm not a numbers guy but I'm just gonna go out on a limb and say that it does not cost in fact 30% more.


No. Oh The, you're saying the 10 K one is 30% Faster. Yeah, the 10 K one is 30% Faster than The 40, 90 or three Or four times the price. That's good if it was the subsequent generation and was basically at the same price point for a new series of card. Yeah. Yeah. Is there some other thing about this? It Has more VAM Is it? Is it organic or something? Why is it Oh it's, it's straight out of jenssen's ass. He just like, He Squatted down, shout out this card like $10,000. Which is I think the equivalent of what he's doing nowadays with the price. There's a quote online where he is just like at a actual conference being like saying these exact words, the more you buy, the more you save.


That's the exact quote And he says it multiple times. The more you buy, the more you save. He thinks Nvidia is big lots. What is this? Admittedly the 40 90 has 24 gigs of ram. This card has 96. That's a nice jump if you need that. And the only reason you would need that is ai. They're Targeting this at AI for AI enterprise applications where oh yeah, these companies have literal millions and billions of dollars and are like, how do we spend more money? And so they'll buy anything if it's even slightly better because they're desperate to compute whatever random crap their AI stuff is trying to do. I have one, I know it's not broken news.


I know this has gone along, but I have to, I followed this up with one thing that I want to say because it's an article that I saw that is just so fucking funny In related news, an AI company that was valued at $1.5 billion backed by Microsoft has filed for bankruptcy after being exposed as 700 Indian engineers in a trench coat. One trench coat. That's just pretty much, it's exactly that. This company was just 700 Indian engineers probably answering prompts live as people ask the questions. And so $1.5 billion put into a company that was never real.


They just wrote out AI on the billboard, put it out front of their building. It was like any investors, Honestly, I'm a little surprised that hasn't already come up because in my head that's definitely one of the pos, that's one of the things that all these little AI firms that keep popping up and making billions and millions of dollars in investment has to be, it has to be, Oh my god, this company it, it got four 55 million from Microsoft. So it led to a 1.5 valuation. It went on for eight years. What? What was it called? Wait, have we heard of this? It's called builder.ai. Okay. I haven't actually heard of that. But I'm a finder.


I'm a builder. They've been unable to recover from historic challenges and past decisions that placed significant strain on its financial position. We partied too hard, we've got too many trench coats, we couldn't Do it. Do you know how expensive it is to buy one trench coat that 700 of us fit into? Do you know what our trench coat budget is? Look, there's some scary things about AI for sure. There's some useful things about AI for sure, but it's a bubble. Let's not deny $10,000. Graphics cards are not the solution to all of life's problems. It's just the people in the gold rush who made the most money are the ones selling the tools.


And right now, Nvidia handing out gold plated shovels to everyone. So yeah, don't buy that card. You don't need it. You don't need it, you don't need it. Let me just cancel it. I don't know if people who actually listened to this or were in any danger of accidentally buying that card 'cause they did think they needed it, but They might be in a purchasing department. I don't know If there are any AI executives who listen to us get some more 40 nineties and call it good. That is my solution to life's problems. It this is interesting. I've, this is not a mind blowing thought and I'm sure lots of people are talking about this and I'm just an idiot and haven't seen it. But the internet, the.com bubble, that's what it was called right around the, the turner of the millennium.


the.com bubble was a huge thing. And like I think it's worth noting there is a separation between the technology that AI is and what it represents, the dangers that it poses, the issues that it's causing the issues with what is possible because of compute computational limitations and environmental limitations, blah blah that crap. All of that is interesting. Very sci-fi. Some of it's scary, some of it's concerning. All that is very real. But you're spot on. I think that the business side is, it's another like.com bubble type thing where it's like, yeah the, the technology is going to change fundamentally how like yeah, how jobs work, how life is for people in general going forward.


It's probably gonna impact almost everything if not everything that we experience. But the businesses are, there's not it's unsustainable. There is gonna be like a huge bubble burst on this shit, huh? Because I'm willing to bet they're all borrowing. I guarantee you they're all borrowing like crazy leveraging the idea that they're going to make so much money on all of these AI investments. They're gonna make money hand over fist just like Nvidia is the person selling us the tools to make these things. We're gonna be so rich. So I guarantee you there are companies that are borrowing being like we have to keep up because there's no way all of these companies just have that money sitting around. Because if I know how a company in the average American business works, they don't sit on money for some fucking reason unless you're Apple and then they sit on like trillions of dollars.


But companies don't do that. They borrow everything and when they borrow things And it doesn't work out, it blows up. And so it's gonna blow up calling it now this is my honey prediction, this is my honey seven Years from now, this is the new market player honey clip that goes around. I'm telling you it's so simple. People want something they can't get it 'cause they don't have the money in their pockets. They go to someone who does have money and they go like come on, let me borrow the money. I just watch uncut gems. And so just last night I had never seen it before and no spoilers but you know there's a lot of money borrowing going on and not a lot of paying it back. And so for most of the time it's like that's what's going on. A company goes to company B And it is like are you please gimme some money? And they're like, why?


I was like I'll pay you back double. And they're like oh shit, here you go. Oh I don't have enough money. Hey hold on, come on gimme money. He's gonna gimme double. I'll give you double. And then it's a chain of doubling and that's double the debt all the way down And that's why money is infinite and everyone is wealthy. Thank you Mark. Woo-hoo. That's it. Do You guys keep up with celebrities? They're all pretty fast compared to me I guess but I don't, wouldn't know specifically. Well There's been some drama between a couple of well-known celebrities. Ellen and Troop have had a breakup, a public breakup recently. Recently. I don't know if you guys have seen that Fun news. I've Never heard of 'em called Troop before but sure Tro I don't know, I'm not gonna get like into the pol politics of it all.


But it's really funny There's politics in there. It's just really funny to watch because like Elon's saying all this crap about him and it's like doesn't that mean you knew this before five days ago and you were fine with it? It was fine back then. It's not so fine now. It's been really funny to watch. I don't know about funny, it was kind of funny but yeah Funny in like the world is ending kind of way. I'm trying to look at the memes more than the news around it but I don't think it's as funny for everyone as it is for some people. It's a very nasty breakup. It's very reality tv. It is. Which makes sense given who these people are but like And that it's reality. Yeah.


Couldn't We just hit the reset on this and try again? You may not like the reset. What if they're both ai meaning they're both just 700 people in a trench coat each. That's all AI is. We've proved it. My car is real. I've proved that. Oh yeah. Okay. All of this is ai but your car, You didn't, you showed us a picture of a dog and complained about the car buying process but you couldn't even tell us the name of the person that sold you the car. Tim? No, Tim. Tim Salman. Just like Tim Apple sells you apples. Tim Carr sells you cars. Tim W Tim W. Okay.


TM W Tim W Bush, you know we know him. Car salesman Twitch two came out Twitch two, Twitch, Twitch two came out new streaming site everybody Now you pay $30 to sub and the streamer gets $1 Twitch two. We haven't covered gaming news in a while so I know, I mean we could just do that. I have, I have a topic today but like we can just, we have, we need like reset episodes every once in a while. I don't know what it is but there is like a cycle of we kind of just need to like shoot the shit completely randomly every once in a while for an episode. I Kind of forgot we were even doing an episode. I was just talking. Yeah. Did you see the game stop that had been stapling receipts to the front of the box and going right into the switch to screen?


No. So So they would print out when they had orders like they were prepping for pickup the day of it was so humid that the tape wouldn't stick to the box. They're like we'll just staple it a Cajun right in the front Jun so everyone get home and there's a big staple in the front. Now this is a Swiss cheese a failure situation because usually when you get an electronic, if the screen is face down inside the box to protect it, the screen was in the box only face up and like just that front piece of cardboard was the only thing separating it. So it was like six millimeters from getting completely destroyed by whatever happened to touch that box of a switch. Bold choice, interesting choice.


But yeah, so they have to pull in inventory from other stores and that manager's, the manager said I think, ah man I might get fired for this might But he did a great promotion for Staples and they might hire him on Is Staples still around? I don't know. The one near me actually just shut down recently and I got a bunch of stuff at like 50% off or more. But now it doesn't exist. Staples have a avoided formal bankruptcy. All right, Nice, nice. There's a few of 'em around still. I hadn't seen that story. That's really funny. I had an either that hurts me in ways I didn't expect it to But as a non gamer I don't have a switch to yet.


Do either of you have one? No I didn't get one. I am not buying one. No I don't ever, I never used the first one. Nintendo is stinky. Like I like Nintendo's games and I really wanna play the new Mario Kart and all this stuff but like eh, I'll just buy other video game stuff. I mean it's not exclusively them but the switch games are $80 base now. Like we've talked about that before and like People don't like my game. Price opinions. Yeah, no people don't like 'em, It's fine. I'm just not giving Nintendo my money. It's not worth that much to me. I think it stinks but I'm sure it'll be good. I'm sure that the new Mario Kars very good and I'm probably gonna watch videos about it 'cause I'm curious. I just don't play it very often. I got a handheld steam deck, I got the switch to the original switch and I just don't use them enough to justify it.


Hey look at this Nintendo Switch two shipping issues, reports are emerging. Nintendo switch, two screens being punctured and damaged in shipping. 'cause for some reason they're the way that Mark described them where the screen is facing the thin cardboard box exterior for some reason I Don't know what's going on with Nintendo over the past few years 'cause they've always been very flip-floppy about let's place right? They've always been like we hate 'em. No it's good. And then no instantly ban every one of 'em Claim all of them take 'em down. So they've always been iffy about video content but it just feels like their entire organizational structure is shifting over the years because this would be a no-brainer for anyone who's ever done any kind of packaging for electronics, right?


If it's face up for the experience of looking at it, you put something protective on top of it in the packaging and you make the packaging very sturdy. This seems nonsensical that they do drop tests on packaging that they do that they're supposed to do that. Yeah That had to come up right? Yeah it would've come up but it didn't. Why didn't it? The Original game boy I think came out in 89. They've been doing handhelds for quite a while. You'd think they'd know how to box 'em by now. This isn't even, this is a main console release. I mean handheld for sure, it's definitely still handheld and meant to be, but it's like this is their flagship console. Like what in the Hell? Nintendo's always been a weird company. They've got some of the best and most popular games. But like I remember when Super Mario Maker, I think two was came out and like they had the multiplayer featured.


I was like, oh man, I went to record it And it was like dial up internet but worse. Don't get me started on Nintendo's online gaming stuff. Holy cow. How Does it so bad? It's still like playing online video games in 1993 when you play Nintendo stuff. It's unbelievable. One of the list of many things I think is ridiculous is other consoles, Microsoft and Sony you can use, I believe you can use Discord on them now, right? Nintendo invented their own voice chat over the network thing that just is just coming out on the switch two in 2025. It's like there's a whole litany of things but holy crap, is it annoying to try and play online crap on Nintendo And I don't understand.


Now I, I will say I looked up an unboxing video of the original switch that also is face up. So it's not that this hasn't happened before. It might be that the screen is more delicate or something like that. So it has been face up. But for me I'm like why wouldn't that be face down? I just feel like it should be, I'm thinking through things on things I've unboxed like Apple products, iPads, iPhones generally are screen up. That's true, that's true. They, they still do it as there's like a phone screen up and then there's like the cardboard sleeve that has like the manual whatever terms of service stuff and then there's the box. But apple boxes are fucking indestructible.


I don't know what they make them out of. They're like plastic hard, cardboard, hybrid, something. I tried to cut one up recently 'cause I was like, oh I'll get rid of this box. I don't need to keep every box I own. And it was like I couldn't fucking cut it with a knife. That's not how the Nintendo packaging is. 'cause I do remember how the switch packaging was. It's, it's like normal cardboard. Like it has that like thicker paper layer on the outside so it feels a little nicer but it's just cardboard. I guess maybe they want the customer experience to be opening it up and seeing the beautiful console facing them. Seeing the beautiful staple sticking directly into the screen of your brand new $500 console you just bought. Look at this web of cracks like, oh it's so beautiful.


I Just wish I, I don't want to know. But I also do want to know how many staples went through screens. I would imagine dozens probably That manager's so fucking fired There. There are times when like managers getting fired makes total sense. There are also times when it doesn't make sense. I used to work at Microcenter as mic people at Microcenter, like to remember at that specific microcenter that I could never go back to anymore. But one time there was a guy that stole an iMac or something like that, like a, like an Apple desktop way back when. And then the manager in charge of that area had to be walked out by security. And I'm looking at that and I'm like, what was he supposed to tackle the guy? Like I, I don't understand how this Is.


Yeah, wait, he got walked out because the theft happened while he was in charge. Yeah and I believe, I believe the circumstances was he had brought out it 'cause the guy was like, I'm gonna buy it. So he brought it out from the back and he like set it on the the counter 'cause each one has their own zones but the checkout's up front. So I think the way it's supposed to go is he's supposed to walk that product to the front and I think he turned his back for a second. The guy snatched it and ran and I'm like, but you're walking the manager out with security as like, what, what is he gonna do? What, what are you, what is this? Like what's, what's the point of this? That guy had worked there for years. It's like the value of of someone who's has that much experience in a role. I don't care if it's just selling things like he's been there for years.


He's pretty good at what he does and you have to get someone new for that role And it like there's no accounting for mistakes. The stapling thing is just dumb and that's negligent and should have thought through that a little bit. I I think that there was definitely some reason there. The Stapling thing is funny to me 'cause it's like, I guess their point was they needed to attach the receipt to the switch and that was the way they were keeping track of stuff. I would never, ever, if I was selling an expensive product to a customer be like, let me just fuck some holes in this brand new box of this thing you've spent a whole bunch of money on. I wouldn't even wanna tape shit to the box because if I, if I'm getting something that I'm like collecting and I get home and I'm carefully peeling and then you peel the tape off And it goes and the Nintendo logo on your switchbox is fucked up and you're like whoa, that would never ever staple into a thing like that.


But Gamers don't keep boxes. Woo. Are they crazy? Only goofy ass millennials keep boxes for electronics. Apparently We grew up with boxes. We had to have our CDs, our CDs with the cords on them, you know, little yoyo of like, hey, Oh man, I remember when I was a teenager, I don't remember if Blockbuster was still a thing, but I remember going and buying DVDs and I was like, God, I'm gonna have such a big DVD collection. It's gonna be worth so much one day whenever everyone's like wanting to watch this fancy new generation movie. And then like two years later it was like all the different streaming services and very quickly my DVD collection became obsolete.


It's not obsolete. It's very ste. It's so ste. Thank you. It is Someday that'll be very useful because CD is zoo key for they're, they're one of the medias that actually does last a very long time. I'm not sure how long, how long? Three 30 to a hundred years. So not forever, but you know pretty good. Better than VHS for sure. So that'll that. And when all the streaming services take down all the movies, you'll still have a copy of it. So in the Next like 10 years, I should start getting rid of 'em. That's What he said basically. Yeah. 30 Years or so. I, I got 30 To a hundred man. Well I gotta go on the Mint just in case, you know, I should staple some things to him to make sure I know what year I got 'em. I I was totally reminded by something nostalgic just recently that I'd completely forgotten this part of my life about Amy and I were walking the dogs and she mentioned yo-yo at some point and I had entirely forgotten that in my childhood I became really good at yo-yo tricks.


I had completely wa like I could do like the cradle and oh I had one of those action like spring powered yo-yos. Oh those Were the Shit That was a thing for a while. Everyone wanted the cool yo-yo But it was so long ago I had forgotten that I had spent hours and hours practicing these yo-yo tricks and I think I still could do some of them now, but at this point that was like 20 plus years ago And it was just so wash out in my mind and I, I just like unlocked an old core memory of like, fuck I used to do that. I can do that. You know what came up recently? This might be more of a me thing and this is something that is still done in parts of the world that are not where I live. But did you guys ever have those?


It was, it was a set of sticks. It was two short sticks and one long stick and you like toss the stick back and forth between the sticks and you could do like tricks. You could like spin a stick around or like toss it in the air. I know what you're talking about but no I, I didn't have that but I know what you're Talking about. I got some of those one year for like a birthday or Christmas. I sticked it up. You sticked Stick. I was stick. I was tricking those stick so hard Man. Well I gotta order some of these to see if I still, I'm gonna order a yo-yo if you order the sticks maybe in an episode we, we'll see that there's like new yo-yo tech. What the Fuck Wade, we need to, we need to find a thing for you Wade.


What's your childhood thing You got really good at Bop it Get a bop it they make a super bop it now with like 20 bops New bop. Its are wild. Yeah I was an OG bop it. I had the pull it, twist it, bop it, that was it. I swear to God I had the original bop it and then I had the, I had the like expanded bop it with like the main thing in four things on the outside and I used to be able to do like pretty like I'm not a world record holder but like I was pretty happy with it. I would do into the forties, into the fifties like pretty fast. I got the new one, I forget why we got it at some point and I got it out and I was like alright. I remember bop it and I like started it And it was like bop it, twist it.


Oh And I was like whoa, what the fuck, what the shit you, you gave me like a quarter of a second to React what the f Turns out I'm, I'm just old now and slow apparently. But I swear to God I used to be good at bop. Its and no I can't fucking bop it. You just gotta do some training, you'll get back. Just gotta get back in bop it shape. I got like six as my best on this thing. It's fucking impossible. This one called the yo mega Fireball looks familiar but then there are these other ones that are like titanium. They just look like just two cones going in. Fireball is definitely one of the ones where I was like oh if only I could get a fireball, that would be the one that Would be good. I'm gonna get one of those.


Is that a, is that a narrow channel one or is that the one where the inside is like conical So it's like a wider channel sort of deal. That's the other one. The other one's the conical ones, right. Those are like the ones I see that are like titanium trick. They've got a bearing in the center. Well that's Just cheating half the skill of yo-yo was tying the knot around the thing in the middle of the yo-yo so that it was correct And it would spin Adequately. I'm also gonna buy one called the cheat code. Yo-yo. So I'm not really too, I don't have much honor at this point in my life. I'm just gonna get 'em. You get one where that has ai where it does the tricks for you. A bearing in the middle makes so much sense how some of these yo-yo people do some of the shit that you can watch videos of where you're like, how the fuck Do they all have bearings in the middle?


Is that the whole thing? I don't know. The ones I had never did it just had little metal metal little metal axle in there. I haven't Looked at a yo-yo in so Long. You had to grease the axle and you had to twist the strings so that it was, yeah, yeah. It's a whole thing. I will not be doing this now but the razor scooter craze where everyone had to have a razor scooter and then you did really stupid things on them like try grinding on your like stone wall your mom has and destroying the rocks and causing a lot of damage or ramping off of staircases and stuff. I will not be trying that at my age now 'cause I will die. But I remember doing a lot of stupid things on the razor scooters. I used to take my like PlayStation or my PlayStation two, whatever I had at the time.


I used to put it like a plastic like bag you get from the grocery store. Ride it on my scooter to my friend's house to set it up and play over there. It's pretty cool man. Yeah, I'm not gonna lie. That's pretty cool. I was way late. I got this when I was in like high school, which was way after razor scooters were cool. But I remember I got one And it had a wheelie bar and a grinding plate on it so it had like waxy grinding edges And it had low profile wheels. I fucking rode the wheels up. I put two new sets of wheels on that some bitch. Damn. I was that kid who was riding a scooter like six a scooter six or seven years after. It was cool. So everyone else's razor was like sitting in the garage collecting spiderwebs and I was like, it's still cool right guys?


You wanna come scoot? Yeah. Yeah. I remember somebody, I don't know how they did it. The wheels were like, I don't know if they were plastic, what they were made of. But I remember someone, I dunno if they brake too hard or what they did, but one of their wheels just had a flat part of it. If you, if you locked up your brake you could flat spot your wheels, which was really tough 'cause there's nothing you could do about it once that material's gone. Unless you're like shaving down the whole rest of the wheel was the whole thing. Yeah, I don't rem I don't remember what the solution they did was probably had to get a whole new scooter or replace the wheel or something. But Just got a bumpy ass scooter for the rest of your life. Then A razor scooter craze. That was the same era. Whenever my friend and I tried to make a tree house in one of our neighbor's yards and he didn't like that very much.


That was that same time period. Turns out if you drag a bunch of sticks and logs into someone else's yard and start building a mess in their trees. Wait, Wait a What? We had a a neighbor who had like a line of pine trees on the street and we were like, we could put a pretty cool tree house in those pine trees. So we brought all of the sticks and logs from our houses to their yard and just started putting them in their trees. We didn't even know this neighbor. This wasn't even like a neighbor that we were cool with. Were you like hammering nails in and shit or were you just like leaning 'em up against the trees like ah yeah, that'll hold. This was, we climbed up in the pine tree, handed up a stick, laid it across, we're like, yeah, that's safe. That'll hold us God damn.


We got yelled at and banished from the yard before we died to our shitty tree house. This was so this was an adult neighbor. This wasn't like the neighbor's kid who was like, I was gonna do that. Oh yeah, yeah. This was, this was, this was just someone who lived like four or five houses down from each of us that none of us had ever met or talked to. We were just like, yep, there you are is our tree house kids Kids do smart stuff man. I feel like we have an episode about that. Alright, but seriously, I'm gonna buy those sticks. Whatever the fuck those things are called, Mark's gonna buy a bunch of yo-yos. We need something for you Wade. I ain't buying shit. We need something for you. What are you gonna do? What were you good at? And it can't be jerking off. I was really good at eating 1998 Burger King's chicken tenders.


Okay, I'm gonna order you as many 1998 Burger King chicken tenders as I can find online. Dude, if there's a place that still sells 'em, I Don't think you want to eat 'em. They did 'em right back then. Yeah. They probably aren't toxic, but I bet they're not very pleasant to consume. They Did it right back then. There's gotta be a deposit somewhere of like a bag that hasn't been thrown away. Yeah. If you don't give us something that you're gonna do, I'm just gonna buy a raccoon and a tree and a stick and have you reenact the stick tree Incident. I was good at putting a lot of cheat codes into PlayStation one games. That's pretty cool. Was there a game shark for that or was it just putting in the codes? Some Of 'em there were, but you didn't have to have 'em for like twist the metal. I don't think you had to have, it was literally just like add a menu. You would do like the left, right up, down, whatever and then press something to unlock a character.


I don't think you, there was, there were some characters like, oh God, the memories I'm unlocking like, I think it was dark tooth, which was like the bigger, scarier sweet tooth you had to have a game shark to play is dark tooth, but to play is minion where I got my username. No, you didn't have to have a game shark for that. There used to be entire websites dedicated to just telling people cheat codes. Remember cheat cc, cheat code central. Oh yeah. You used to go print out sheets of codes and then just keep those in the basement by the game systems and be like, ah, here's the codes for this game. Let's put some in. There Was a time when I called my dad to look up cheat codes for Duke Newcomb 3D on the N 64, and he told us over the phone and we wrote 'em down really specifically.


And then when they worked, we were like, oh, no way. It worked. It was great. I remember like the computer lab at school and there was a printer in it, but you weren't supposed to print anything that wasn't like for school, obviously. But we used to play the game of like, I need to print this thing for class, but what if I insert a page of video game codes or something into that and then I go grab it off the printer and I'm like, yeah, see this is my, my essay. I'm gonna turn in. I'm just gonna take it back to my seat and shuffle through the papers for no reason. And then This is a whole thing that nobody like now can probably relate to. Oh No, they can relate to it.


They can relate to it. I'm sure they could. Oh, come on. Okay. Oh, did Bob, is Bob gone? Oh, Bob, come back. What a frame though to leave on. That's a great frame. That's a great frame. Hello. Hey Bob. There is. Oh, okay. There we go. Hey man. Welcome back. Wasn't like Mark where my eyes were in different directions and I was all, Hello? What a joyous way to disappear from the internet for a minute. So anyway, we were talking about how old we are, basically Kind of, yeah, Any other game news or anything, You can now play a game within a game.


You can play doom inside of Eve Frontier. Ooh. So you know Eve online, Wade? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I've never played it, but I'm aware of it. Okay, so apparently there's now new ways to build things inside the game. I'm not exactly sure how this works, but you can customize some kind of chained data parameters inside of it. And they managed to program doom inside of Eve so you can play Doom. This is not video game news, but I got a very 21st century email recently that really pissed me off. Our thermostats aren't going to be thermostats anymore. Oh, the thermostats came with the house that we moved into here are first gen Google Nest thermostats.


So they're like fancy. They're really cool and they, you can change 'em on your phone and they'll do schedules and all that stuff. Google is deprecating that generation of Nest products. So our, I got an email from Google that was like, Hey, those thermostats in your house that, that cost a lot of money and will be expensive to replace. We're not doing that anymore, so you should probably get some other ones. So sorry. Which is like, I think they'll still work as thermostats, like they're on the wall physically, they will still like control the, the HVAC system, but none of the reason you pay extra money for fancy smart thermostats will exist anymore.


Isn't that fun? Yay. The internet of things is only good. Hooray, Yipe. I look forward to having AI thermostats that tell you no when you wanna change the temperature. But I'm hot. You're not hot, but I feel hot. I have scanners. You're fine. This is the temperature. Yeah. I, I seriously not to be super boomer about it, but I, I really do wonder why there is no longer, I mean I'm sure you can still buy it, but it's just like the technology to tell the temperature. I feel like we had that down with thermometers and whatnot. And then the programming, like I am not a programmer, but I know a little code and I go, if number above number do air conditioning if number below number do heating, I don't think that would be that complicated.


I don't know why I need to send a ping every four seconds back to a central server to know exactly what to do in these cases. They gotta make more money For the Shareholders. Hmm. They gotta make more money for the shareholders. We need new thermostats. Right? Of course, of course. You're right. You're right. What am I stupid? The Distractible shareholders. We should go public. Ooh, Distractible. IPO win. Yes. When's the IPO? We Need some. We need a Wolf of Wall Street. This son of a bitch. We could actually legitimately start selling shares privately to our fan base of Distractible. They get equity, we get their money. Then when we go public, they can sell all their shares on the market.


Make big monies, Distractible price crashes into the ground. Everything goes bankrupt, but we get rich. I think that's how IPOs work. It's Like when you're standing on a bath mat and somebody yonks it out from under you. We could call it a mat. Yo. A mat. Yo, you Guys wanna get it on the sweet mat. Yo, You guys want yank this mat with us. There's a big syrup jar right now. If you get in on the s syrup jar, you can get in before the mat yank the Syrup Jar. Are these landing? I don't, I don't get syrup jar here. Help me understand. Syrup Jar, honey. Honeypot, honeypot. Oh, oh, oh yeah. Get on the mat.


Everyone, everyone On the mat. You guys wanna get outta the syrup jar? We'll get outta the mat. Yo. We're gonna divide Distractible into like a billion shares, right? We've got a billion shares and then we're gonna sell one share at $10. $10 billion company. I saw that on Shark Tank. That's how that works. Who wants to put in $10 into the syrup jar? What? Naughty little masochist out there wants to be carpet yanked Matt, yanked Carpet. Tickled Bob, say it again. Maybe he'll get it this Time. No, I'm not teaching him anything. He can learn. If he wants to learn anyway, we should definitely do that. Mark, that's a really good idea and I don't think anyone's had it before. All right. I want someone who has actually degrees in finance to tell us how legal and cool this idea is and how we can all be really, really, really rich.


Everyone, everyone gets rich. No one loses. No one loses. Money is an infinite sum game, especially in the land of Matt Yanks. Matt Yanks for president. I would vote for Matt Yanks for president. Strong name President Yanks. That Sounds like a name you can trust. I should have wrote down some points or something during this episode. I mean I did, but it's, this is like some mark level points. Bullshit. Well, mark and I were talking and we decided, you know what? You did so good. You could host another one and actually do your idea. Since we kind of hijacked it. We have to have a wi You. You Won, you buddy. You Won. No, that's, that's against the constitution. We're not doing that.


Plus I had an idea for the wheel guys and I stole it directly from the subreddit, but I really like it. So I'm gonna call it my idea that I had for the bonus wheel Merch. Serch. I'm sorry Wade. That was mean. I apologize. Thank you. Mark. You got points for fuck water. Oh, same thing. I don't remember what that was about, but you said that And it made me chuckle. The bot com bubble and being a yo-yo. God, That was all the points I got. Wait, I wrote down a lot of things for you, but I don't, I might need to recount the points. Wade, you got points for getting your car being so socially awkward that you dangerously drove away without being able to see having cicadas and then gaslighting me about cicadas.


Existing DVDs are still very valuable and that's a great collection. Razor scooter and your really, really good tree house idea that you tried to execute at your, on your neighbor's pine trees. This is a tough one. I'm just gonna spin the wheel and see how many bonus points we're gonna get. I hope it's three. It's three. Three. All right. This is gonna really make it interesting. It's gonna really do something, that's for sure. And then the bonus, the thing I'm going to add is surprise golf rules. Ah, correct. Oh, okay. Now that, yeah, because we did do Sudden Death wrong. We do realize that it's not, it's a tie and then the wheels are done.


It's a tie. Right? Then if it's the last one, then obviously it stays. But you would still do another wheel spin afterwards. I thought the whole sudden death thing meant it ended there to force the wheel. Sudden Death just means it was, it was a way to even them when they're there. I liked what we did. That's fine. If we want to agree to that, I'm okay with that. But I'll never remember it. But I liked what we did. Unless it's me, then I'm fine with it. If it's me, then now I wanna have another spin. The next one man show is gonna be a tough spin. That's all I gotta say about that. Anyway, three points. First spin. Let's get that viewer point out of the way real quick. Most locked In.


I feel like I was pretty locked in the whole time. I feel like I was dialed in. I would've argued until I got to Matt. You know Matt, see This is the thing. You can't tell if it's a bit or if he just actually can't remember. I really don't remember. Was it not Matt? Matt Tugs? That wasn't it. It was Matt Yanks. Matt Yanks Yanks. Also, I just wanna point out on the wheel that this one is, is Best accent perform if necessary. It goes across the whole middle of the wheel. I think it's specifically Scottish Accent. Oh right. Best Scottish Accent. You're right. If we ever land on that one, we'll know for sure Anyway.


Spin number two, Sun and Death. No shit. What the Hell? No. Well now we have to decide which rule we go with. Look how many Oh Man. Sudden, sudden, Sudden. Wow. What the fuck is happening? I love it. I love this universe. We had a chance to change the rules. We had to. I brought it Up. This means we go immediately to the, it's a tie wheel. That's what we're committing to today. Today, yeah. We do today until we change the rule. Next time, Man, I should have fucking taken Mark's offer to change that.


Oh, that's getting awfully big over there. Wow. It's about to get big or, Yeah, well so it's currently, it's 79. What? What was it? 22 right now I think Whatever 79 outta 360 is, That is 22. So it needs to be 24% 0.24 times 360, 86 0.4. I'm gonna generously round that down to 86 for myself. God damn, that looks very edging closer and closer to equal. Which I love for us. We edging bros. But hey, if you get one man's show, it pops back down. Oh good. Okay. Well I'm excited for this.


I'm glad I really stuck to my guns on the way that we're doing the sudden death format. 'cause what are the odds that's gonna happen again, you know? So then Death. Death, Come On. Yes, I am going to win that fucking trophy this year. I swear to God. Can I just say that was a hell of a come from behind victory. How Behind was I At the end of regulation? It was six to four. Damn. So you needed to get all three bonus points to beat Wade.


But you got, you drew the Sudden Death and you won it in two spins of the wheel. I guess that was the third wheel spin. It's just a different wheel. Anyway, mark wins. Fair is fair. Everybody fair is fair. I literally won my hosting of this episode on that exact same scenario last episode, didn't I? What are the fucking chances of that? That means next time it's 26% chance over one in four chance of the One Man show coming up. Sure. Hope it's not me. There's just no way that you're going to get the Sudden Death thing again when you host again. Mark, that's impossible.


Definitely not. Oh yeah. Absolutely Not. Anyway, mark winter speech. I don't know how I was so behind. I feel like I, I I really push forward. But hey, this is just destiny falling in in front of me. I open up my eagle eyes 'cause I'm Mr. Brightside. Is it eagle eyes or eagle eyes? Evil eyes. I think it's evil. Eager, eager, eagle, evil, Eager eagle. It's whatever you want. Mark. You won. You decide. And as Mr. Brightside, I would say that Wade put up a good fight. But you know when you start off with a lie that you don't have a car, it's just never gonna go that way for you. Liars never prosper. That's what Daddy always taught me.


I Have a car. Sure.


Wade, would you like to do today's sponsored Loser speech? I would love to. Today's loser speech is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Vitamin Water is the ultimate lifestyle water for people who want fun and functionality. Fun and functional. Much like my real car. Packed with essential multivitamins and big flavors like the new Elevate Blue Raspberry Limeade or zero Sugar Rehydrate Pineapple Passion Fruit. Ah, like a delicious drink I could have on my cruise in my car, which is real. He Fixed. Cars go on water. Well the his does Much like my car. Who said drinks can't be fun and functional. Grab the Vitamin Water today. Copyright 2025 Glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So it was a well fought game. We went through history, as Bob said, I was winning. But that biased wheel, which has never favored me, I've just had terrible luck over the years with wheels and dice. But one day my luck will turn around. No, it won't do the thing. Today's Loser's speech is and was brought to you by Vitamin Water. Born in New York City, built for people who work hard and play hard. Grab a Vitamin Water today, copyright 2025 Glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So


Thank you competitors. Mark, look forward to your episode Next time. Make sure you follow us at our, the thingies. Our usernames are like in the on screen probably or whatever the editors usually do that. Make sure you follow the podcast 'cause then you'll know every time we post an episode. But it is Mondays and Fridays, so it's pretty consistent. Mondays and Fridays. Easter. Wait, that Eastern Standard Time. Mondays and Fridays, actually. You got it man. It's actually Tuesday, Sunday on the west coast. But yeah, no, we are out here. Mark hosts the next one. Wade is a loser. Oh, thank you so much for watching. Thank you. Slightly less than than that for listening. That's the End podcast out.


This episode is brought to you by Vitaminwater. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's So big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new. Zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit Squeezed Lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So.