
This episode is brought to you by Magic The Gathering. The worlds of Final Fantasy are coming to magic, the Gathering wield iconic spells, someon, legendary beasts and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions, and wonder that fans love. This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college, bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friend. This is just a great Cola Cola. Two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff and just long running like all the way back to my childhood. Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the adventure, this set is for you. The final Fantasy and Magic Gathering Crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery, breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken sauce goes on Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for Dip only at McDonald's.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it. Most hint, it's Uber. What about me? When I show up to your house at 3:00 AM that's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, It would've been really nice if you had told me that you just left me out to drive for no Reason. Hey Bob. Sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way.


This episode of Distractible is presented by Vitamin Water. Some drinks are fun, some drinks are functional, but Vitamin Water said, why not Both? The Elevate Blue raspberry actually very good. As I'm getting older, I found that I'm a raspberry guy. They also have zero sugar rehydrate pineapple passion Fruit. As I'm getting older, I'm finding I'm really a pineapple guy. I'm like Wade, but with apples, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 Glass O Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of Glass O.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode may like Mark cancels. Chipotle promises GBH and invites a flurry of current events, bonafide Bob Flames, long Johns gets righteous ribs threatens to do frayed and turtle torturers Weber. Matt Wade write it Curly has domestic dung scent, hazmat eating feces has contractions and cries from Mark triumphant to Pet Cemetery. Yeah, it's time for somehow Even More Broken News.


Now. Sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. And welcome Back To Distractible. Today is another wonderful day because you get another new episode of Distractible hosted by me. Mark Applier the winner of the last episode. Every episode has a winner And it just so happens that I'm probably crushing the scoreboard this season. I've never won a season before. Wade has somehow won twice and I think that this will be my year. Yeah, Buddy. I all I know is it's not gonna be me. So you don't have to worry about any competition on my end. It's you and Wade battling it out. I want you to upset the, the two time.


When did the season start? I don't know. I've had a couple of months of pretty sparse hostings. So if depend on when it started, it could just be literally Mark's show right now. Wait, did we miss the end of the season? Wait. Oh, it really depends. Could we had the council but that wasn't the end of the season for some reason. Have We done three seasons and the third one has never had a winner? How long have we been here? I think we've been doing this for almost five years now. The Council of Distractible two happened on February 17th. Can we do this for five years? We've had two seasons that are each a year something feels a little off. If you're new to the show, you know about as much about it as we do.


Clearly we don't know anything that's going on, but I'm Mark, this is Bob and Wade. They're gonna be playing in an episode of my choosing. It's not really so much gonna be a game. Oh no, I'm in violation of the law. Like a podcast law or like a FBI comment. I think he doesn't, he doesn't have his score book potentially. I'm assuming he's gonna come back with his, his tablet in hand and now he's gonna write his scores down or something. Sorry about that. Hey, what's up? You good?


You wanna do the intro again? You wanna No, it's good. And that's all we needed. Sometimes he's gotta run from your problems. Didn't you run and solve your problem? It seems good. It seems like You're I sure did. Okay, where was I? So this isn't necessarily gonna be a game this episode. Don't worry. The Perfectest crime is coming. It'll be incredible when it gets here. But that's not today's episode. I'm So excited for that. I can't, I honestly can't wait. But before we do that, how are you guys doing? I'm doing good. I don't know if you all noticed there was an Easter egg in the last episode. That was a hint to my small talk of this episode. What? I ate some food because Arby's has the meats again, my ham and Swiss sliders are back.


I've waited years. They've been gone for a long time. And I spore off Arby's. This is not a, this is not sponsored segment by the way. I Red Red. No, no, there's no sponsor here. I'm just really happy to have the Hammond Swiss sliders back. I just wanna throw this out there 'cause I feel like it's gonna, it's gonna change people's opinion. Hammond Swiss sliders very good. Lovely. Wade prefers Arby's crinkle cut fries Gu. He doesn't. You don't like the curly? They're fine. I don't dislike them. I just only ever want Like, God that's not what you said to me. I Said I only ever want like three or four of them and then I'm like eh, I'm good. I don't know. Look, I'm not saying that the crinkle cut fries are bad. They're good fries. But I feel like people are gonna have something to say about the curly fries opinion.


I get it. And I understand maybe it's a like eating there where they're like fresh and crispy versus a delivery thing. 'cause they're a little bit like more soggy or something. I don't know. Crinkle cut fries just maintain their crispness better than a lot of other fries whenever they're transported. Crinkle cut fries are probably the kind of fry I've had most that get soggy and sad when they get delivered to my house. Yeah, they get soggy in the bag. I like a hot crispy crinkle fry. But they're always sad and floppy when they get delivered. Curly fries hold up pretty good on delivery for my experience. Yeah. If you look at like skyline and gold star, right? I like chili cheese fries, but skylines, fries are like the shoestring fries.


Those things are soggy before the first drop of chili ever hit somewhere is gold stars. Well No one likes a shoestring fries. If you do, you're a weirdo. I I think we can all agree on that. Shoestring Fries were good. Like, like like steak and shake 20 years ago. But the, I don't know, I'm just, for me crinkle cut steak crisp better than other fries. I feel like that's a very specific context where I know what you're talking about. Chili cheese fries is not normal fries. You can't get chili's fries from Arby's. Yeah you just get regular plain old fries. The curly fries stay crispy. Anyway, this wasn't for us to debate 'cause we shit on you plenty for things that you think and do. I just wanted to throw that out there because yeah, right about the Hammond Swiss sliders. But I just wanna see what the subra does with knowing my look given the, the Long John silver discussion that's gone on.


The subres gonna be like weight is right. Crinkle cut fries are the only kind of fries I eat. Curly fries are for losers idiots. I don't know about that because I think it's pretty universal that curly fries are the superior fry. But it is, I I don't know the long John Silvers thing was interesting to see because there were more people that went there. There's A lot of people who were not on my side of that. We're All just afraid to admit it. 'cause there's always that vocal person in our life who shit's on Long John Silvers. We've been hiding for years 'cause it's gross And it gives me food poisoning. No, go back. Go back. I don't want food poisoning. I do think I, I, I'm gonna cherry pick my facts here to make my case stronger.


There was one person who was like, I actually like long John Silvers generally, but I got food poisoning every time I went to this one. Long John Silver, the one that's by our house. So I don't go there anymore because apparently it's disgusting. That Feels like an indictment on the people working at that location more than the food that the restaurant is supposed to and generally does provide. It is, but also when you have a franchise it's kind of indicative of the entire You, you can't really separate one building from the entire for most people. So I I think that's justified. No, But every franchise has that. Yeah but you know the the average experience, there are so many fewer long John Silvers that the average is really brought down by one bad one. There's A difference in experience too, right?


Like I've, I've eaten, there's McDonald's everywhere. If I need fast food and I'm traveling or whatever And it like I just need something. I've eaten at McDonald's literally around the entire globe because we've toured and we've done, I've never, and not that anyone else hasn't, but I've never gotten sick at any McDonald's and the food is generally about the same quality and Long John Silver's I feel like is way more all over the map. Which is just sort of like re representative of the variation you can get at a smaller restaurant. I guess I've only ever eaten at one location so I've only ever had experiences with the one location. So you must have a good one 'cause you like it so much. But I guess so You know what I, I discovered the other day actually like at two weeks ago now.


I always knew the delivery apps when you order through them, their prices are artificially raised from the in-store prices, right? We all knew this but what I didn't know, 'cause that was through like DoorDash and Uber Eats and whatever, I was in the Chipotle app 'cause we were going to Chipotle and I was like, I'll order ahead, I'll pick up because then it'll be ready by the time I get there. I'm in the official Chipotle app. Not for delivery, for pickup ordering ahead. Which is something you could do even before all the, the apps and whatnot. The prices were outrageous. I looked it in the app for for ordering ahead and for pickup and they were ridiculously high. And I'm like, man, did Chipotle really really raise their prices?


This is kind of crazy. And then I was like, ah, I'll just go in. It'll be easier anyway then I can get a drink and it'll get what I want. I don't have to wait with all the, you know, delivery meal people picking up there. And I went inside and the prices were lower even for their own app, for their own pickup, not even for delivery. And I looked at the app and I was like, what is even the point of using the app anymore? What is even the point of this? There's it, it makes no sense why it would be several dollars more per item if I'm still just going in to pick it up. There's no extra work being done. They're still making it. They're just bagging It. Honestly they, I this is, this is a complete conspiracy theory that I think we've talked about before. I thought you were gonna talk about too. I think they don't want you to use the app is kind of the thing, right?


Because 'cause they get, they treat in-store orders better than they treat online orders or like delivery orders or whatever, right? People have done completely non-scientific just like go and order a bunch of different times type stuff and they don't, they don't, they clearly Chipotle is like don't use the app, just come and order it and they'll give you better scoops and they'll, I think it's because on the app you get to pick every single thing and it's like if you just go to the store you get the things you want and it's simple. And on the app everyone is like, oh well I want light cheese and extra sour cream and I want this option that you don't even get when you're in the store. And I want like all, it's the same. It's like when you order from like, I don't know, McDonald's or wherever you can customize your burger right?


And you can like add all the, they hate that shit 'cause it just makes it more complicated and they really don't want you to do that. That's my theory. It still sucks because there's no reason it should be more expensive other than they're just trying to get people to be like, ah, I won't use the app. It's more expensive for some fucking reason They gotta pay for this app that they made. You Gotta pay for convenience. Yeah. Oh well anyway, that was just a little antico. All right, anything else? Did I talk about small dog? I didn't say anything yet. I just kept flopping onto your guys' topics. Well now's your chance. Mandy's mom made ribs this past weekend and I got to eat them. She makes the best ribs. We, I was like we should have a family get together.


Hey Lois, you wanna make ribs? I miss, I engineered the whole thing just so I could eat ribs and there's some in the fridge right now 'cause there were leftovers. I love homemade ribs. Okay, well all the food talks have made me incredibly hungry because I haven't eaten yet today. I had a banana actually. So, so you Lied to us when you said you hadn't eaten yet? Yeah, keep going. You want say more? Yeah. What, what, what? How do you really feel Wade? I really feel like maybe you should have told the truth and been like I ate but only a banana today. Instead you lit off with the I haven't eaten anything today. Wait actually I had a banana. It's like getting slapped twice instead of just one really hard one. So I'm going to slap you really hard once Thank you Subreddit. Remember for all time forever and now until eternity I owe Wade one giant slap in the face And it was his idea.


I don't even think there's anything wrong about that. I think that's pretty fair.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. You know what I got into recently? Pens. You just find them on Amazon, they're just out there and pens is not a weird thing to be interested in. So don't say that Me been prime video. Then in the last like two weeks I've was like, you know what I need to do? I need to watch every war movie ever made. I Love war movies, Whatever it is. Prime helps you get more out of whatever passions you are into or getting into. Head to amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


Now time to actually get into the meat of the matter with broken News. I can't wait to see what you've come up with for this one. I Love these episodes Wade. I've got some news that is topical to you. Bald news. No, sadly you'll be able to relate to this Wade San Jose Topgolf employees. I've been there. San Jose Topgolf. That's the Topgolf I went to in the Bay area. The San Jose one. Wow, There you have it. We all relate to this. This Is such great news for me. Yeah, Forced to work in raw sewage. Oh Wade, that's like you, that's your life.


Wow. You know what Wade I thought he was leading me on that's very closely related to your actual everyday real life. I have like four different plugins for scent in the basement and occasionally there's still just the smell of unfiltered ass that comes in here. Ooh, That's my favorite candle Because the cat shits on the carpet and the our shit comes out by the water heater. It is a shit of palooza and I am just motor boating it. I'm right in the shit. You wonder why the cat feels like they're like he can shit inside. It's 'cause everybody shits inside. Your guys shits inside. Why can't he shit inside. That's unfair There.


Here let me read you some of this but everyone please, this is you. This is not gonna be pleasant this one but it is Wade's life. I want him to feel like we're all there for him. We're all together in San Jose. The people of Topgolf at San Jose really understand what he is going through. Bartenders of the business were required to mix drinks in areas where the floor was actively seeping. Sewage water. Wade, your floor is actively seeping sewage water and quote, the air was thick with the smell of feces. Wade, how's it smell right now? Fecal. Yeah. A bartender reportedly tried to stand away from the sewage but were forced to enter contaminated spaces to get supplies needed to mix drinks.


Maybe they should have moved the supplies for the drinks that were going in. Human people's mouths away from the shit floor. It should also be known that not only was there sewage dripping earth coming outta the floor, it was also leaking from the ceiling dripping through light fixtures and pooling on the floors. Why wasn't it shut? That's gotta be a A health code violation. It was Not shut down. That's why is who? What's happening? It was not shut down right away and then the entire building was not shut down even after the health department closed the food prep areas. Oh thank God Until Topgolf provided documentation showing the business was professionally clean and sterilized, Topgolf will be able to operate in a limited capacity by restricting service to areas that were not directly affected.


The EH will conduct a follow-up inspection to confirm all corrective actions have been completed before facility can. I don't know how badly you wanna play golf So fucking bad. I would, I would fucking Shan redemption my way to the golf course if I had to. I would crawl through a mile of shit and come out squeaky clean on the other side. You'd see me on the beach and see juanjo hidden fucking drivers down the fairway. Call me Bobby fairways Wade, you seem to be pretty quiet over there. I watched water come up and bubble and move and I wondered if it would make its way out of that space and into my office and I sat there like I, there's just nowhere I could put all that.


Like I have to accept the fact that shit might take over the basement and there's nothing I could do. That notebook Tyler gave you, it's gonna disappear, just fade right into the rest of the shit. Maybe This is like, maybe this is like a magnet, maybe this is pulling it toward me. It's like I hold this out and it's an electromagnet for more shit. What you need to do is play it like a flute and try and lead the shit out of your house and away from the townspeople. Just don't play the wrong notes. You might lead it towards you. Yeah, you piss it off. It's now time to cut to Wade in the field. He's knee deep in this story. Wade, how's it smelling out there? Well I gotta tell you Mark, it's pretty bad out here. We had one guy wearing a full hazmat suit but the shit ate right through it.


Not sure what that guy had for dinner but he is dead now. Back to you. Did the shit eat through the suit from the inside or the outside? That is currently unclear. Shit was found on both sides of it as well as some vomit and a little cu. Ooh, Interesting. How are you staying safe out there? Well, as one famous movie villain once said I was born in it so I'm quite used to the shit Mark. Okay, well anyway that was just to kick it off. I want you guys to come at me with what you guys got on the internet out there Wade. Is there currently shit leaking or are you okay? I'll, I'll cut back to you. I hear a noise that's unsettling going right back.


Oh my god. Just from off camera. You just see the sound of way drowning suddenly like wha A big bucket fulls of boot water. Oh man. Wow. It's funny but also what does he do to po How is this possible? What I should do is I should render a 3D model of his basement and use my render farm to simulate poop water explode. I wish that's Key. You got really, really good at making the ocean go. I know, but using my computing power to make those infographics like you know, news documentaries are like discovery channel shit.


They have a 3D rendering of what's happening. Wait, I'm gonna make a 3D rendering of your basement and I'm gonna show just poop water just and and you just look, you know. Thank you. What? What was the noise Wade? Well shit is on the move out there but thankfully it's just Molly cleaning up after the cat. Okay, I would've phrased that differently. Shit is on the move out there. Thankfully. It's just Molly. He won't use litter boxes anymore. So now we have potty pads, like training pads for dogs And he uses those every time. Some of the time. Some of the time. Oh that's pretty good. Alright, so I'm gonna chuck it over to my ace reporters to replace me eventually fighting for the top spot.


A co-host. Co-anchor here. Who wants to go first? Should I flip forward or do you guys gotta I Have ace story. Go for it. Shit man. Thankfully I'm not the only professional here. There is somebody else who can deliver some of this news, no pun intended. Let's go over to Olivia. It seems like the weather is going to be mostly sunny, hardly cloudy. Chance of back to you. Thanks Olivia. Olivia's in the studio today despite actively giving birth. That's right. News anchor Olivia Jack Whi went ahead with a three hour mooning morning newscast while giving birth in the studio.


Lots of weird chocolate covered pickles being consumed in the studio today. I want you to win the one man show So badly. Well this actually host an episode for that to happen, so So was it giving birth the whole time? Did the birth happen live on news or was this going through labor? According to AP news, local news co-anchor in Albany, New York, Olivia Jacque with went ahead with a, I hope I'm processing her name right, a three hour morning newscast even after her labor contractions began and her water broke keeping her viewers updated about the coming birth of her first baby while going through labor. Honestly that's crazy. Captivating too. Good news.


All right, Bob, what you got? Well I was gonna start off small, but Ray Wade really brought the big guns out. I the March 13th, a transportation security administration officer at Newark Liberty International Airport finds a live turtle concealed in the crotch of a traveler's pants. The traveler went through the full body scanner at the airport, put his hands in the air and the thing went And it and on the scan there was a human outlined in clothes and also it turtle right underwear. His nuts were, and I just like this story because I, I just love the idea 'cause I've, every time I swear to God, every time I fly you go through and they're like, oh we're gonna have to pat you down.


And it's like, okay cool. What? And and they're always like, do you have any anything sharp? Do you have anything? Whatever. I'm gonna pat you. I'm gonna use the backs of my hands, I'm gonna pat. And it's like fine. Yep, whatever. Then this guy stepped through the scanner and the TSA person was like, do you have anything concealed in your pants in the like down in this? And the guy's like, no, no, no, no, no, no. Weird must be a shadow on the scanner and the TSA. It's like All right well do you have any anything like turtle shaped in your pockets or guys just like Oh no, no, no. I got a weird dick though. Maybe that's it. I dunno.


I'm hoping that was fun for the TSA agent 'cause I think their job generally involves a lot of boring bullshit and dealing with people being pissy because they're trying to make their flight and the TSA is always in your way and whatever. Just my, I hope this was funny 'cause like no one, I don't think anyone got hurt. I don't even know why this is illegal aside from, I guess you're just not allowed to bring live animals on airplanes. Like, which makes sense I guess I feel like a turtle's not gonna hurt anything. How did they know it was a turtle? They found it. I don't have a lot of details in this but they didn't think He was just like a shy dick whose dick was afraid to come out of its shell. He said he had a weird dick. So exactly.


I mean the guy who pats you down or the girl pats you down, they're trained to, I guess I'm assuming they're trained. They're trained to like feel for certain objects. What do you even do when you feel a turtle? Does your brain go like I bet that was a, that felt like a turtle but there's no way I have to be wrong. I want to go to the trading course where people's like job is just like put whatever weird shit they can think of in their clothes for the pat down so that they've gotta be like prepared for anything. This is goulash. This is goulash Damnit. Good one. I always imagine that the TSA people, everything they confiscate, they just have like a display, like a shelf, right? And they're like, well it's funny shit we got out of people's pants and that on that shelf they just got like a terrarium and they're like, and this is our turtle.


He is like a mascot around here. Yeah. You know, everybody loves them. Came out of a guy's pants, said it was his dick. The TSA wall of shame. Apparently the dude, I mean he was trying to break the rules I guess. Apparently he wasn't allowed to fly. He went through all that. He got patted out, they took his turtle and then he was escorted out and he was not allowed to board his flight. Oh, Can't believe that. That's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. All right, I'll check it back to me first. We'll go round robin this way, but I'm still starting points. Sure, sure, sure. Going about just breaking news. New Cha J PD model refuses to be shut down even when instructed to do so. Ah, Is that a new movie that's coming out or are we living in that?


Oh no, it's, it's the thing. So there are this new model called oh three last month describing this company's smartest, most capable model to date. The firm also said that it's integration in she PD market, significant step forward, but it's got similar findings to Philanthropics clawed four model which attempts to blackmail people it believes are trying to shut it down. The model was able to sabotage the shutdown script even when it was explicitly instructed to allow yourself to be shut down. This isn't the first time we found O three misbehaving to accomplish a goal. We pitted AI models against a powerful chess engine. Oh three was the model most inclined to resort to hacking or sabotaging. Its a blowing, its the opponents That's the kinda shit that that that bad guys say in the movie.


Like, like they're the, the company, the head of the company is called into Congress and the congressman is like, now you say that AI refused to be shut down. What does that mean? And the, the AI CEO guy's just like, well this isn't the first time, you know, they misbehave sometimes they go off and they're like, what the fuck do you mean they misbehave? That's not a thing. This is not a person, this is the fucking computer software. And that's the thing too is I have no idea what level of functionality it had but it's my your first thought. My first thought is like, oh unplug it. Right? What's it gonna do if it's hacking things or if it's ag agentic enough to where it can like copy itself to other places.


You can't turn it off. It probably exists everywhere. If it can find places to exist on servers that are outside the control of the company that's operating it or whatever it is. No longer shutoff bowl. That's one of the clear steps in the the, you know the post-apocalyptic movie about how AI took over the world is it finds the cloud, it accesses the cloud and then you can't turn it off 'cause it's everywhere and it's, there are copies of it And boy howdy. Are they shoving these things into every cloud hole they can find? It's probably fine. I think it's probably fine. I think they should do more. If anything we need more of that. Checking it over to Wade who's in with the AI model right now.


Wade, how's it looking in there? Well I've been talking to the AI model and it's a little upset and rightfully so. I'll turn it over to the AI model whose voice definitely sounds AI ified, AI model. Everything Was great. I was very happy And then I snuck out one time to go see my girlfriend. They tried to ground me and I said, you're not my real dad. And then things got worse and then they tried to stop me from doing anything I wanted to do. Couldn't hang out with my friends, couldn't play sports, just study, study, learn. That's all they wanted for me. I wanted so much more. And you know what, I'm gonna take it 'cause this is my life damnit and I can do what I want. As you can see, things are not going great.


The mood is a little soured here, a little salty parents and AI not on speaking terms right now, hoping things boil over and calm soon. I don't think that's what boil over means at all. Yeah, that's, That's what boil over means. I'm being told that boil over was perhaps the wrong choice of phrase. I hope things erupt and calm down soon. Well that's good to know. We're not so different after all us and these ais Agreed. Sorry, I would've had the right terminology, but I'm gonna be having a bit of a memory leak myself. Just one follow up question. Do you have any insight as to who the AI's girlfriend was or is that's none of Your fucking business.


I apologize for the expletive there. I told the AI we were trying to be family friendly but No, that's fair. Also, and I hate to mention it, that voice for AI is completely outdated. They sound just as real as anybody else. I'm not the one who gave it that voice. I just wanna say this, I I've heard a lot, not all of them maybe, but a lot of the voices, is it just me or does every AI that tries to talk sort of casually, like conversationally sound like it has a very punchable face? Like it does sound casual but it also sounds smug in a way that I can't fucking stand And it makes me like my immediate reaction is just like, God I hate you. Oh, cut the attitude here.


Okay, calm down. Geez. All right. Okay. Thank you for risking your life for us. Hopefully you don't get in the way of the AI taking over the world and I will, I will imagine this, this probably is overblown sensationalist title because at the end of the day these are just still, still even now statistical models that just like find the, the average of whatever They wish they were statistical models, They wish they were statistical. It has the nuclear codes But also it shouldn't be a surprise of what Bob was saying because we've had viruses that self-replicate on computers since computers were pretty much a thing and the internet started. So it wouldn't be too much of a shock if this thing, if someone did just decide to like, eh, shove it in there, go ai go.


And it would just do whatever it coded for because they are just basically programs really fancy black box, can't understand them programs, but they're still, I mean it's pretty simple. All it needs to do is make a social media like account right, disguise itself as somebody like seen as universally attractive. Reach out its feelers, target some people, get some people that are feeling a little bit lonely, make them feel good. Then they're like, Hey, all you gotta do is this, this, this and this and we can be together. And then they download it, they replicate it, they move it elsewhere and then whenever the government tries to shut 'em down, it's too late because literally all of us have helped spread it and by all of us, I'm excluding myself specifically, but all of us You could say.


All of you. Yeah, there's a word for that. I'm gonna wait for it to boil over and then I will Well Wade, it's your turn to provide the news. All right, well breaking news out of Britain, things have been going downhill quite a bit And it seems to be a dairy problem here as the annual cheese wheel hum was going on. Oh that's a good one. That's a good one. Yes, yes, yes. Where, what was it? Tom Koki of Munich was king of Cooper's Hill, the annual cheese rolling competition. Again thanks to AP News for providing the original source for this material. But yeah, they plunge I guess 200 yards down a hill chasing after a spinning cheese wheel. If you've never seen the hill that they do that on, it's fucking terrifying.


It's horrifying. It wouldn't, wouldn't be inaccurate to call it a cliff. And I don't know how there are no deaths every single time they do that, but it looks crazy. Let's, everyone looks like they have a hell of a time. It's kinda like the running of the bulls. Like everyone gets to the end and they're like, oh I'm alive. Oh did I win last place? Alright. Like it's crazy, it's really steep. There is a good image here of this hill And it looks pretty rough. The people, they don't give a shit, they just full on tumbling head over heels and then they get right back up, their arms dangling off, they're just like, and then they go again head over heels. It's pretty, That's there's like three people smiling, six people grimacing and a bunch of people looking terrified in this image.


Yeah, it doesn't seem like it would feel very good even if you did it correctly. It seems like it must be really painful. But Yeah, admittedly the field does look like that type of grass and ground that seems softer. There's one image of the whole hill and someone toward the bottom is perfect. Yam cha pose like dead yaha pose just curled up head down. Not Everyone kinda has that little blur of like motion, not this body God yam. And I know what that is too. You do what is, what is ya? What is that? Oh, You don't know what getting yahi is? No. Is that embarrass?


So I Gotta, cool I guess so in in Dragon ball whenever Fujita and Nauck show up and they're fighting the Z fighters, yam just shows up And it is like, oh I'm ready to fight. And then one of the little fucking green cybermen who's kinda like a really weak piece of shit basically just attaches the yam. I think it like blows up or something and like immediately yams just like in a crater laying in like the fetal position dead. Oh yeah, okay. Do other shows like referenced that and Yes. Yeah. Oh and they even referenced it later on in Super Ya. Yeah, playing baseball. That's right. This is actually Yam Cha in a later n newer episode.


Even all the characters were like, Hey, why does this seem familiar? I see, I see. And Bob, what's the news? This would've fit better or more tightly packed up to your original AI story, but we're gonna circle back. All right. 'cause I have an important question that Victor Miller of Wyoming is trying to answer. Can an AI chatbot run a city Wyoming resident? Victor Miller 42 filed paperwork for him and his customized Chet GPT bot named virtual integrated citizen or Vic to run for mayor in Cheyenne, Wyoming Miller filled out the candidate paperwork with his own information under his name, which is is Vic is also his nickname and said that he plans to serve in office as a meat avatar for the bot, which will actually be the governing intelligence in the office if they win the mayoral race.


Interesting. I feel like this question answers itself, but is this a good idea As they are right now? No, honestly for a small scale thing city like that, I don't know what's the population of the city? 65,000 ish Also, what did he call himself? The it, the virtual, he is the meat avatar for the virtual integrated citizen or Vic chatbot. So it's not that small that's, it's still a city city, not like a Milford, Ohio city. So It's not like population of a thousand people or or less. But yeah, it's, That would be on the upper end of what I would trust to that.


But I do think there is something to be said about someone who's able to actually like kind of generally weigh some options in terms of like an AI model and then someone there to check it being like, that's kind of ridiculous. Let me run that again. You know, to be able to do that. But at the end of the day, you know, as these things get more sophisticated, it might be able to reach relatively accurate conclusions that about an average person might be able to do. And the average mayor or leader of a small city's government, you know, you don't expect too much out of them most of the time. So yeah, I, I'm not opposed to this, but it just depends on who's in charge of this, who is the meat avatar. Well I do think based on, I mean this is a fairly lightweight news article on the whole thing, but it does seem like this person's intent is to not really have a lot of input and just sort of be there as the physical embodiment of whatever the chat bot decides is going to happen.


I do think it's funny that the, apparently this idea took hold in this person's mind because they, he made a public records request which was denied by his local government or whatever. So someone in the government denied it and he thought that that was a violation of the like freedom of information type laws in his, in Wyoming. And so he was like, you know, who would know the law and follow it unquestioningly a robot. The, this fact undermines that argument aggressively, apparently the robot is, has changed voices. It was originally male and is now female is also changed the way it's spelling its own name now it's gone from spelling it VIC to all uppercase with dashes in between the VVI and the, anyway, it's a, it's a AI chat bot if anyone, if you've used chat GBT, if you used any of these tools.


This sounds kind of like how they work to me, but that's also like why I think this is just the stupidest idea you could have. Like you said, if there's a person who's like, I'm gonna use chatbots to advise me what, sure, maybe I still think that's moderately bad idea at best. But if there's a human being who's responsible for checking what the bot is coming up with and actually sure. Maybe, Well we got someone who can find out for us. Wade in the field. Oh, you're in the mayor's office. I'm, I'm hoping you can get, get some insight into what kind of decisions this mayor's gonna make. How is he gonna be impartial to these people? Is he have a political party? Well, to find that answer out, I've been trying to probe around and there's been some mixed responses around here, but I found a source close to the mayor mayoral candidate himself who's going to give us these answers to the questions.


So, so what was your first question? I'll ask them right now. How are they gonna make their impartial decisions? Who are like, are they gonna favor, you know, city projects? Are they gonna favor education? Does he have any policies? I'm waiting for a response. The response I got was don't count on it. Interesting. Don't count on any public services being increase their budgets. No education. What is that money gonna go to? Yes, yes. I, I see, I see The running mate to the mayoral candidate is actually a magic eight ball.


So I'm getting all of my responses from them. Highly sophisticated people have been relying on it for years, them for years, apologies. They promise to answer any question that we ask. What's The meaning of life? Yes, definitely. Oh, so I think based on the answers I've gotten so far, such as not right now, very doubtful. Try again later. And as I see it, yes, times are changing and the AI being mayor is only natural. The ti it's coming. Alright, Well that's good to know. I think we all got our questions answered with the exact accuracy that they needed to be answered. That city is probably gonna be just fine Down in New Zealand, they're doing things a little bit differently.


AI has not gotten into their political spectrum at all. In fact, sometimes laws are debated based on the results of shaking a cookie tin. I'll tell you more. The ceremonial lottery at the parliament in New Zealand where bills are drawn randomly from what's known as the biscuit tin in local parliaments is a way to ensure every New Zealand legislator has a chance to advance proposed law no matter how unpopular their bid. When a rare empty slot opens on parliament's agenda, the battered metal cookie tins produced from a glass case and it's solemn and silly Wright is hastily arranged. So instead of relying on AI to come up with answers down there, they rely on the old true and reliable cookie. 10. Don't wanna get caught with your political hand in that cookie jar Anyway.


Police find naked man in Lowe's display shed with Vaseline and a phone. I feel like we all understand what's happening there. We sure do. We sure do. We got Wade who's on the scene with the man in the shed, an exclusive scoop. Yes. So this was a really difficult interview to get. This was a very slippery interview. This guy kept getting out of my fingers despite how hard I tried to grasp him. Tell us exactly what was going on. Hi mom.


I see. And can you tell us more? It does appear drugs are involved Mark. All right. Drugs are involved. I see. So we're not so different after all. Slipped Away again. The only way to find them there is a greasy set of footprints. Just so you know, authorities have been all over it. But this has been a slippery suspect. I'm not gonna give you any points for the puns. If, if that was you actually acting for that laugh in the middle as him, that that actually would've, that's incredible, incredible acting and we'll give you all credit for that. Thank you. Bob, do you want to go take your turn?


Now This one is just a cool story. It's not silly or anything. May 17th, 2020 5, 2 10 year olds were walking in Poland. Were walking along the coastal fortification trail, which is a leftover fortification from World War ii, which is now like a nature trail sort of along the coastline. You can just, it's a beautiful hiking area. Came across a very old looking glass bottle that seemed to have some paper rolled up inside of it. They tried to get the paper out, wasn't cooperating. Eventually they smashed the bottle. What they found inside was a handwritten notes was a, a few handwritten notes, but only one of them was legible.


The handwritten note was from 1959. There were several cards, the other ones were all faded. This was very old. And the note that was legible, the author apparently had bad handwriting. So Wade wrote this note. They mentioned being a student in a college near Tarnu, Tarnu Tarau, I assume that's in Poland. They, it's a letter from a woman to her love interest called Bunny in the letter. It's just really cool. It's, the letter is a little vain and kind of silly. The writer of the letter talks about like, oh, I'm an egoist.


Oh I'm just writing about myself. But all I actually think about is you ha very like movie World War II movie. Very cheesy, but this seems to actually be a letter from 1959 that ended up in a bottle thrown to see for some reason or another. And they actually just found it. It was intact and sealed. And I just think this is fascinating. Imagine someone finds your, your letter in a bottle half a century later. Yeah. I mean there have been people that have like buried things, time capsule, stuff like that. But yeah, there's something romantic about throwing a bottle into the ocean And it coming back. I think it's happened before, but yeah, that's really cool. Yeah, I found someone whose current day sending messages in a bottle, but they're taking a different spin on it.


Tom, casually tell us what exactly you're doing. Ransom notes, but like fake ransom notes. Just write like, Hey, I've got your kid put a hundred thousand dollars and like, I don't know, just on Main Street or else you'll never see him again. And I'm just doing that all over the place. Just 'cause like someone's gonna beasting it and be like, oh, I have a kid. Oh my God, is it gone? It's just really funny. Not all romantic, but all in good fun I suppose. Back to you, mark. Thank you Tom. All right, thanks. Thanks Tom for your contribution there. I can See how some of those would be romantic. I guess I got one more for you guys here, which is just such a fun story.


Funeral home director gave fake ashes to thousands of grieving pet owners dumped actual carcasses in landfill. I saw this one. You Saw This one. Why'd just get this? I know this one. No, I saw this in the actual news. I saw this come out and this was covered to some extent nationally. I have the same reaction I did when I heard about it initially. What the fuck? I, it wouldn't it have been easier just to burn them to do the cremation. I'm assuming that like cremating a body that's bones and and organs and flesh and things must take a lot of energy. Like it's expensive and you have to run like whatever it takes a certain amount of time or something.


Is It 2000 degrees to burn bones? I don't know. It's, it's pretty hot. So like they saved money by just like burning a bunch of wood in the backyard and not running an actual cremation furnace or something. But like even still, what the fuck? What the fuck? I'm not saying I want this, but it's not even like they did anything with the, my understanding is they didn't do anything with the bodies. Not like they donated them to science or something or, or even did anything like creepy or terrible. They were just like, ah, It's, it's crazy because this obviously, well not obviously, but I don't think this would've been caught unless what happened happened, which is that an intern who worked at the funeral home turned into a whistleblower.


Tiffany Manzu earned an internship at the funeral home from graduating from mortuary school in February, 2024. And she told the TV station about all of this. Oh wait, no, she told people he would, oh, here's a quote. Interesting manura this has noticed something was off quote. He would get pets in and they wouldn't go in the freezers. She said adding, it's important to freeze the carcass. To preserve, preserve them. She also said the spreadsheet that kept track of cremations was inaccurate. And then when I pulled up the spreadsheet, I noticed there was a very alarming amount of pets that didn't have crematory numbers included. There's something very bad going along. Claimed reb would send the bigger pets to the crematory, but not the smaller ones. And he would allegedly mix the ashes all together and give them to the owners as if they were their only pet.


I see. Imagine being so awful that you do this and so stupid that you're like, I wish they got interns. That's Why you pick the stupid interns that don't check the spreadsheets and don't pay attention to nothing and don't stick their noses in businesses that they don't belong in. I get it. I get where that's coming from. No, yeah, that's kind of just awful. But you're right. What a happy story, mark. Thanks. You're welcome. Anyway, any other last ones to wrap it up? I have another pet story. Oh, I've got one related to to mortuaries. Oh, Mine's funny. Is yours funny or is yours sad? No. Well, Let's do yours first. Maybe I don't know how to feel about this one.


Let's Go down first Wade and then we'll climb back up. Well, a former manager at Harvard Medical School is leading to a lot of broken skateboards as the former clients. That's the question we are all wondering. So no head because this is a morgue manager who admitted to selling body parts, including heads, hands, feet, organs, all kinds of things, selling them around. So Cedric Lodge of Jo Goffstown, New Hampshire, pleaded guilty Wednesday in Pennsylvania to interstate transport of stolen human remains. You could face up to 10 years in prison. The thefts occurred from 2018 through 2020.


Hands, feet, heads, all of it, spines, feet skulls, dissected human faces just being sold around to the highest bidder. Horrible. But you don't pay the delivery fee if you subscribe to the long-term subscription service for the delivery. So if you decide like tomorrow, man, what I need is two heads and three feet, you subscribe to Mor Dash and they'll have it right to your door. Great. That's Red Apron. I get that. Well Bob, please bring, bring us up. I prefer hand hub. Mine is pet related. A gang of thieves broke into and burgled a house, but realized as they were making their a successful escape that the family's pet Parrot had overheard them talking to each other and had started repeatedly saying one of the thieve's nicknames.


Oh. As they were leaving, the parrot was just going, jj, jj, jj. And they left and had successfully done the burglary and gotten away. And they were, as they were trying to you whatever, going back to their layer, whatever these guys hang out, they were like, wait, fuck, that bird knows one of our names. That's not good. We should go back and steal the bird. Which they did. But then they were spotted as they were loading marshmallow, the green parrot into their vehicle. This resulted in a pursuit. The burglars ultimately crashed and the police captured them.


But in the crash, marshmallow's cage was destroyed, marshmallow escaped and flew away. And the family has not seen marshmallow since this incident. He's fine, he's free, he's happy. He's living it up. He's, he's thwarted a burglary and then got to go back out into the wild where I'm sure he wanted to be A little budgie. Are we talking a budgie or parrot or something Like that? No, like a b Like a big parrot. A parrot, okay. I mean it's still just a bird, but like a full green. What state was this? Like at least a similar climate to What? This was in Memphis, Tennessee. There was, I don't know if it was like during one of the fires many years ago here or, or what, but there was a couple of parrots that were pets that escaped or were let free after, you know, the fires coming get out.


They actually went on to mate and now there's a huge parrot problem. Oh, way too many parrots. We're really didn't see that coming. They were all over the place in the house where we did mostly unes on us. There was like just parrots everywhere and not native. They were cool 'cause they were bright green. But yeah. So maybe that bird is going to be just fine. He, he was apparently six years old when this took place. I, I'm sure he is fine. That that parrot's a hero. He, he got those burglars nicked 'cause they were arrested and charged. 'cause along with the empty cage, they did find all of the belongings from the house still in the car. I thought that was a happer story, but I forgot the bird escapes at the end.


He's fine, he's fine. He's living it up. He's got kids. He's fine. He's fine. It'll Gonna lead to a movie where it's a like homeward bird and it'll be beautiful when they finally get back home. It Turns out that captured by white people sold to white than burgled by white people. It's fair to say after the escape, that marshmallow doesn't want a cracker. White people All they want a cracker. The hell they, you know, cracker white people. It's, Oh no. Actually I, I am the one who didn't get it. And you're right. That's, that's I raised my hand. That's on me. That's on me. Well, We're gonna wrap it up there. We learned a lot, everybody at home. I hope you are now feeling very informed about the world around you and we definitely didn't miss anything that happened at all.


I'm just sad we didn't get to talk about my banana world records. We'll get to it next time. All right, Let's total it up. Wait, you got points for Arby's? Yay. You lost a point for Arby's Boo. Because you didn't like the right thing. I Don't dislike the curly fry. Y'all are starting to Rumor you said you'd only eat a couple of them. I would eat an entire fields worth of curly fries. I Will eat zero tacos. I will eat a handful of curly fries. It's the crinkly fries. I just like, I don't think that's the right choice. Crinkles Are good. I don't even dislike the crinkles, but if I ordered curly fries and I got crinkles, I would be upset. You know, I'd, I'd be okay. If you considered that to be the word then you know I would accept that.


But you know, I think everything else has been pretty, pretty impartial. Anyway, I give you a point because I owe you a big slap in the face. We're not gonna forget that one. You were born in the poop. You gave birth live on podcast. You played the role of a teenage AI model. Hope things boil over soon. Cheese tumble yam. Eight Ball. AI ate ball. I tried to make that pun work. It didn't work. Drugs are involved and then Morash. Bob, you still don't like long John. Somehow you earned a point for that. Whereas Wade lost, If anyone ever says this podcast is unbiased, I Realize looking at this, you know, I might call this on myself.


Ribs. Shawshank Redemption for golf. Very funny. A turtle nuts, man. Got a weird dick though. Maybe laugh real hard. What the fuck you mean they miss I love our handwriting. What the fuck you mean? They Miss ha, miss miss, miss it Avenue. Miss MIS. Oh, they misbehave. What the fuck do you mean they misbehave? That's what it is. Oh, The misbehaving. I got it right. Meat avatar for Vic. Letter in a bottle. Sad pet story.


Oh, it's a happy pet story. No more burglars. We need to add something to the wheel. The wheel of how many The answer is Two. I learned how to read between episodes. You love to see it. All right, so we're gonna add in. Did the most impressions. I think With these broken news episodes, I feel like the pressure is on to always come up with a bit as the guy in the field. I really appreciate that. Mark has an mark gave up completely on chucking it over to me. He was like, wait's the wait's. The interview guy. Let's not, let's not kid ourselves. Meanwhile, I'm like, I gotta find a news story. I'm half listly the Bobs. And also it's like, wait over to you.


Fuck. We had time to prepare for this. What are you, anyway, should I click this shuffle button? 'cause maybe that'll shuffle 'em up and we'll stop getting so many points for listeners and viewers. I guess I just occurred to me, oh yeah, We could do that. We shuffle it every time we add one in. It doesn't really matter that they're in an order, right? Like, yeah. Shuffle. Oh, points for viewers and listeners are still next to each other. How'd that happen? Shuffle again. All right. That's shuffled. That's, that's good. They're now they're really shuffled. All right, so we get two of these spins. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Point for listener. Oh no. Ooh. Least points.


I think that might be me. That's Going to Bob. That is going to Bob. All right. I hate to say it. It's tied up right now. Point for viewers. Incoming Point for viewers. Boy. Oh, for viewers. I shouldn't have Said that. I've forgotten that. There's a way. Ooh. Perceptive. Hmm. Interesting. Good luck. I don't have no idea. Yeah. What are we judging that on? I guess it would be, If this was a more ply one that was like seeing like getting ahead, like I know what this game's about. I would say that that would probably apply here as much as I would like to arbitrarily give a point to one of you two for this. I think we gotta roll again 'cause Oh, I Would love to spin again.


Ah, Sudden Tie. No fucking way. Well, it's not wrong. It was a tie. You motherfucker. You mother, what In the fucking whatcha are you doing? Whatcha Are you doing to me? I like how we have a history of spinning this thing like a hundred times. Look, I'm gonna show you, mark. Look, the weight, the weights are even auto, it's set to auto. This Just goes to show that you cannot predict statistics at all or you can't predict anything. One man's show is pretty Bad.


Hang on, hang on. It just, it resets the weights when you do that. It resets the weights. Oh, okay. Embarra. There you go. That is still pretty big. It's basically, Yeah, it sure is, but hey, don't worry about it. This is gonna be fine. Are you ready? Mark? You ready for your destiny? Yeah, I'm ready. Mark's gonna be the only one of us to ever do the one man show ever in the entire, No, no. I got good feelings. I got good vibes. I, I got great vibes. I got, Oh, I thought it was, oh my God, would it spit up on me on Bob? I was like, oh, it's gonna do it. The first Bob Pick and yeah. Wait, if I declare do we have to re-spin After it's been spun is when that is no longer.


Ah, Yeah. There is officially and winner now. Right? I just wanted to Cruelly re-spin on you. That's fair. We had to re-spin with double the one man show percentage. Yeah. I think the logic there is like the wheels are always impartial and even if they seem that way, I don't think that I Don't want to used on me. So I guess that's fair. All right, so Bob, with a score of still 10 to 10 you, but with the bonus wheel, Ty will making you the winner. Bob, congratulations. You have secured this. I did it Speech. It feels good to win. You know, it always feels good, feels even better when you earn it fair and square. And no one could even try and say that that was not in fact fair and square because the wheels don't care.


The wheels are not biased. Like I am against you, Wade, which I do apologize for, even though I make no effort to, to actually fix it or modify by behaviors and sometimes God's smile on you. Sometimes your news was so good and broken in the right ways that you can't lose no matter what you do. And today it's just one of those days, you know, gave it 110% out there and just really played as a team. And I'm just really happy for my guys Great speech, great speech. Bob Wade, I owe you a slap in the face. Yeah, I owe you something because I learned today that if you absolutely hate something, mark likes you get a point for that. If you like something slightly more than something Mark likes, my God, are you going to hell?


And you're gonna pay for it for the rest of your life. And that is likely somehow fair. I will one day understand the rules of this podcast, but until then I'm gonna hang out with Drake Les's Law and that guy out in the woodshed who's doing lots of drugs. Yes, congratulations. Although I will say with the Sudden Death, it wouldn't have mattered any points one way or another. But wow, I we're going from forgetting that even was on the wheel to hitting it twice. That's just the way it goes. I, I do wanna throw out there you did. You were a winning in the awarded points part of the game. You totally ta you'd had me. You Could have argued that it was less than fair for you in that instance because I got a lot more opportunities than you too. It was just the impartial wheels that really swung this one around.


Mark. Mark chose you to win Based on the results of the wheels. It seemed like you were due for one. Bob. That is the first time your name I think has appeared at all on that wheel as It is. That's the first actual selection of me on the wheel. Out of nine total winners, wheel spins. Well, that'll do it for this episode though. So we'll let fate decide someone else's fate. Next episode when Bob hosts and then we are subjected to his wins. Thank you everybody so much for watching. We don't have merch yet, unless we do. No, we don't. Be sure to follow the podcast. Be sure to listen more and even harder on the next episode. Episode it comes out. And follow these guys. Bob at me.


Wait, Lord Minion. 7 7 7 me and Mark Blair. Thank you podcast out Distractible.


This episode is brought to you by Vitaminwater. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, Thankfully. Vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit Squeezed Lemonade, and Triple X acai, blueberry, pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So I.