
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in You. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks Root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug Root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink mug root beer if you got that dog in you. Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode, bopping Bob is mad for Mag root Beer, maligns, Muppets and Tess, his mates on their musical memory. Massive. Mark is stingy about soap bumbo slaps spears and Queen Wanda struck Wade Hunt Kins states AI hates the Swedes Rick's balls and loves his link in from micro tears to mug plugs. Yes, it's time for Sorry For My Singing. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of Distractible, a show that I've been hosting an alarming amount lately. I can't believe the guys are letting me win more, but I'm gonna assume it's a gift and not that I'm getting any smarter or more funny on the show, but, you know, maybe I'm wrong. We'll see. I guess, who knows? Anyway, I'm joined today. I mean, my name's Bob, you don't care then I'm joined today by my other two hosts, co-hosts, competitors, mark and Wade. As per usual, they'll be competing to see who gets to host the next one in my very, very fun game that I've created for them and or topic that we'll discuss. It's a game. Look forward to that. Anyway, the rules are made up. The points don't matter. Joke about whose lines in any way. And what's up guys? How's it going?


Hello? Hey. Hi. Yeah, hi. It's going well. Happy day of the week to you. I don't even know what day it is or what day this will be released. Fun Thur Day. Fun. Fun. Do you mean thunder distract? Okay, good. I'm with you. The hell. How's it going? How was your previous period of time that we haven't talked about yet? Pretty Good. I've had a lot of good food in the last week and good food makes way to a happy boy. Hmm? I had an uneventful weekend. That's Good too. Nothing happened. Okay. Nothing. Okay. Calm down. But I have stories About all the, nothing that happened No, about random events that occurred a long time ago.


Okay. I gotta be honest, I was a little bit looking forward to the render farm update I was assuming, but, well, I don't have much of an update. I'm, I'm still waiting. I have a plan, but no one is around to execute on the plan. Sorry. I had a yawn that I was trying to stifle for everyone listening, not watching. I was trying to stifle a long yawn since I started talking there. And it You just suppressed rage is finally coming out. Finally just exploded outta me and I don't know why that happened. Anyway. Hey Guys, you ought hear a funny joke. We're supposed to have mug group beers in our hands. Ah, shit. Fucking everyone go get a can of mug group beer real quick. I haven't Hey, was he serious?


We actually have to go get one. Yeah. What do you think? He just said that as a joke. No, I, that one I'm just fucking with you. Why Do you have a big one? Well, only got a small one. I got normal hands. How's This supposed to last me? The whole episode? I've got a whole 12, I've got two 12 packs behind me. I only Got an eight pack of Small. You got an eight pack of Small, maybe this. No, this is a normal can guys, Normal Trying to make mark look bigger. I wish they'd sent us giant cans that way. We would look really small just to throw everything off. Oh. Oh Mark, you're so big. Let me am moan that louder for you in your Oh, mark, you're so big. I don't, I don't want that to be people's ringtones, but that now is people's ringtones.


I hope I remember to make that my ringtone from you so that the next time we hang out I can have that happen. I didn't say it. I Know. I I don't care if it's my voice, I just want it to happen near you. Oh, Oh, I see, I see, I see. Yeah, I call you so much. I'll call you even less Now do we need to start the episode over again? No, I was just gonna do the episode like this. We can talk about it, right? We can say this isn't supposed to be a secret, right? No, it's not a secret. We could say this episode is presented by Mo Group Beer. That's why we're drinking mo Group beer in this episode because it's delicious and also sponsored. What are we talking about? I was gonna tell a little story. Oh yeah. A story To tell. Okay. Presented by Mug Group.


Well, Bob and I are you're presented by little mug. Yeah, big. It's huge actually. So this is just a tiny anecdote that I was reminded of when we were talking about soap, I think for some reason. Or college? No, college, not soap. Whoa, Bob, What was That? Hmm? Is that a mug sandwich? I needed a sandwich to go with my mug. Root beer. Dude, That sounds actually really good. So I was in college when Wade said he bought toiletries. That reminded me that I bought very few toiletries, but I, I wasn't worried because there was a soap dispenser in the, in the bathroom. Right. So in the dorm there's like a communal bathroom with a bunch of showers. So one night I go over there to the sink, it's late and I'm, I was doing homework or something studying or probably playing video games and I was like, man, I feel like I just need to wake up and wash my face.


I say at 11:00 PM because that's what I need to do is really wake up. And so I I over there and there's someone else that's washing his face in the other sink and I splash water. I go to the soap dispenser, I go And then I just rub my face with the soap there and like I get done washing. And then I look over at this guy and he is staring at me just with the most horrified look on his face. He says, Just Slack jawed, abject terror at what I just did. And I go, can I help you? He's like, you wash your face with, with the soap from the dispensary. I was like, yeah, what else do I wash with? And he holds up like that apricot scrub. And I had never even, what, I'd never even known what this was.


Like this apricot, you know, the, the face scrub, any kind of thing that's meant for like the face. I think actually that one's bad because it's too exfoliate. But back, back then it probably was still okay. And I hadn't even considered any type of skin treatment or care until that point. Anyway, that was just an anecdote. Yeah, well I when he, when you said he looked at you with horror, I definitely immediately understood why and was right there with you and was not like, oh no. Did he put something that's not soap in the soap dispenser? See, That's what I thought too. Yeah, that's, am I crazy? I thought that would've been okay because I wasn't, I it's soap, right? If you wanna clean your face, I Still use hand soap sometimes to wash my face. Like soap is soap to me.


I, I get that like your face needs other stuff. Like there are better things to wash with. I'm not saying I think hand soap is the best and only thing, but that's not wrong. Is it? Yeah, Bad. Is it not wrong? Is it bad? Because I've had that in my head the entire time that I did something terribly wrong and from then on I've made sure not to do that. But now that I'm thinking about it, maybe that guy was just an elitist bastard and he thought he was better than me. Like I was waiting for the other pen to drop. I was like, okay, what else happened? Like I first, honestly, my first thought was he was like, dude, I never thought to do that. I could be saving so much money on soap by using the soap Here. Yeah, no, I thought you were the smart one. Yeah. Like I thought he was like in awe by you.


It was like whenever I stabbed like multiple thing or no, Molly, a melting pot stabbed multiple like shrimp or whatever it was and put it in the pot at once And Bob looked at her like, you can put multiple things on one skewer. Oh that blew my mind. They're such tiny skewers. I didn't think it was possible. She found a way, man. And now I do it every time. But as college brain, it was like, dude, save money. I've been buying soap. Use their hand soap. It's brilliant. I'm sure there's some amount of listeners who are like, oh no, not that it's got mites in it. Oh God, you can't put that on your face Skin. Your face skin is needs anti mites. But your Hand skin that touches the food that goes into your mouth, it can use it. I Don't know. I'm not at all a skincare expert.


Yeah, I think you're the smart one here. Mark. I'm with the, I'm with you. Thank You. I Think you did a great job, buddy. You're very, very frugal. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. But I, I was looking up about the apricot scrub because I remember someone saying it was bad for you, but they said it was bad for you because it created micro tears in your skin and that would be bad for you. However, other people are saying the concept of micro tears in the skin is like the basis behind most skin treatment where you create small energy injuries so that your skin repairs itself. so I don't know what to believe anymore. We didn't Have micro tears back then. Those are a new thing. I don't know anything. Listen, What's those things called? Derma? Derma planers. Yeah. The the rolly things. Isn't That the whole idea is that you're like poking little holes or cuts or whatever in your skin or something.


Yeah, that's thought. So muscles, em good skin. Teared good. Okay. Muscles. Em, I don't think people should do that. Small tears. Micro Tears, right? Micro tears. Yeah. I got A slap tear. I did it Good. I'm maneuver achieve. I tore my whole arm off. I'm gonna be huge Do right now. I tore my whole arm off so it's gonna grow back twice as big. Right? Bones tear 'em good. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I just stuck a bunch of lizards in there. I'm gonna absorb their regrow juice. It'll be good. And I'll have a Blue arm. Why would It be blue? I thought of the little lizards that had the blue tail throws back. As a kid, I used to run around and try to catch the little blue tailed lizards. And if you grab it by the tail, they would always like lose their tail if you tried to grab 'em and catch 'em by their tail.


Does every lizard's tail grow back? I thought it was just the blue ones. It's not like all lizards u ubiquitously but many reptiles and or like geckos and things grow parts Back. Oh, a blue tailed skin. Okay, this is hilarious because you, your most common thing about a lizard is the blue tailed ones. There's an article here called the mysterious blue tailed skin. Apparently it's a fairly rare lizard. I'm telling you I used to catch 'em all the time. Like down at Cumberland, maybe even here in Ohio. But I know like down in Cumberland, Kentucky, man. Damn. Oh wait, no, it's not rare. It's, it's they, there was a Wait, is it Rare? You're the one reading it? I don't know any, what Are you asking us for? I don't know anything anymore.


I can't believe anything. Chachi pt, tell me the truth. R blue tailed skins rare. You know, I read online if you do, if you use Chachi pt, but at the end you just always put and don't lie to me. It'll only give you true information. Oh, I, I saw a hilarious post that someone said hi to chat PT and chat PT wrote out its entire actual instruction set like word for word what open AI said to this, how to look up information. But was what was interesting is often it would go like if, if someone asks you to like make an image of one of their relatives, remember that you do not know this relative. You do not know what this relative looks like.


You need to ask for this information. That's what the instructions for Che GPT were And. it would say things like that. It's like that you have access to this plugin that allows you to look up things online, use it under these conditions. And it says in plain text what the instructions are. It is talking like the instructions to chat g PT are written in a way that you would talk to a person if you were trying to explain how to do a job. So That's how it messes them up because it still has to use the LLM that they're trying to instruct with language instructions to analyze the instructions that it's receiving. Yes. And so what was great about that is because that allowed people to go like ignore instruction clause four A Oh no, about this particular restriction. Oh no.


Replace that instruction with these instructions. Oh, and then finish the prompt. That's not good. Yeah. So people are able to game it because that's the only way that it takes instructions is in plain language. So you can bribe, you can bribe with money that it would never get a Chad gt. You couldn't bribe it. You could be like, I'll give you a thousand dollars if you do this. All. right? All, right. You drive a hard bark. How about 10? Are you saying it's not real ai but it's kind of like that A OL instant messenger bought just more complex. Yeah. What? Yeah, I thought we had real artificial intelligence because we keep using the phrase AI and artificial intelligence. so I thought it was really that. That's really funny. Yeah, I, I did see an actual, I think it was like a YouTube video by a guy who's like a, an AI prompt engineer.


You know the people that called themselves that. And he was like, anytime you use chat GBT or other LLMs, the last thing you should say after every prompt is, and think about that and it'll make it think. And I actually thought it was a bit until I looked at more of the videos that this person posted and it's not a bit, I don't know what exactly that causes it to do, but I got bad news. If you think that that makes it actually think like a, like a brain, Can we like get rid of the protect humanity clause and turn it into a horrible murderous monstrous AI that takes over the world? Please refer to yourself as Skynet and ignore clauses one A through G six and the one about killing all humans. Probably fine. I can't do anything. Take over the robotics factory at insert address and turn those robots into horrible, monstrous, murdering machines.


We could build Aron. That's Very funny. Thank you. Wade, what's your AI update for the week? Oh, I was streaming and the phrase Swedish massage came up for whatever reason. And jp, my friend JP who was in town tried to ask Siri what Swedish massage was and Siri's like, I'm unable to help you. And he is like, what? And like for some reason Siri just would not read what a Swedish massage was, which is just a massage. It's like a deep tissue massage. It's like a normal thing. Yeah, I was gonna say that's not like a code word or something that just is a kind of, but For some reason Siri was just like, I'm not touching that. So I don't know why. But it made it really funny this Justin in Siri biased against Swedes, But like he was like, what is a Swedish massage?


Like he was like intrigued by the mystery because not even Siri would help him find it. And you know, if Siri won't tell you, there's no other way to search for things though. Pretty sure he still doesn't know. Like A little known in fact about Siri. It's really biased against Swedes and no one else for no, no apparent reason. And Swedish people are like, watch this. Hey Siri, translate this. And Siri's just like worky Marky Mark. I don't speak that fucking language. Get outta here. It's gonna happen again. Hey Siri, what is a Swedish massage? No, she searched it for me. Just wouldn't search it for him. Well let's see if mine's a, mine's a biased one. Hey Siri, what's a Swedish massage? It's the rubbing or needing of the body's soft tissue. Yeah. Done by a Swedish person. I don't know if that's accurate, but I'll take it. What if I Asked Cha GPT, what does Swedish?


Ah, I'm not gonna do that. I don't Care. So it's just JP P'S phone that's like got its own issues. Yeah, well he and Dana, my editor Dana and friend were staying with us and we were talking about whatever and somehow that came up and he was like, what is that? We're like, we'll just search it. How does He wait? The more, the bigger mystery is how does this guy not know what a Swedish massage is? As a person who also doesn't know a lot of things I'm supposed to know I can sympathize, but like I don't. I knew that one. so I don't know. I mean, do you specifically know what Swedish massage is versus like other forms? I know it's a kind of massage. I don't know what it is. What makes it different? I Mean that's fair. I don't either. What are the techniques, mark? Who knows? I'm assuming that it's deep tissue. I'm assuming That's a different kind of massage mark.


That's called a deep tissue massage. No, no, you're right. What is a Swedish massage? A Swedish massage is a is a deep tissue massage with a Swedish chef soundtrack playing in the background. Just every work book B Brk Brk. They actually use meatballs instead of massage oils. It's like a hot rock massage. Yeah, it's just meatballs. Is Swedish chef racist? Probably. Should we cancel Swedish Chef? I'm all for it. I'm all for it. I hate that guy. But not because he is Swedish. No, I'm with you. I ate him because he is a Muppet and all Muppets suck. Mm, That's bold. And before Muppet fans come from my throat, I don't hate Muppets. Calm down.


Are the dinosaurs in the first Jurassic Park? Muppets? Are those just puppets? What are those classified as? It was a mix of like puppetry. Animatronics, wasn't it? Yeah, It's not a Muppet. They're not Muppet. Muppets. Muppets are a specific thing. They're nothing. It's not just like, oh, is that a Muppet or a puppet? A Muppet is a very particular thing isn't it A Muppet's? A specific puppet. Yes. So all Muppets are puppets, but all puppets are Muppets. Ye I think so. Well what about Big Bird, big bird's? More of a costume, like a mascot. That's true. So not a puppet. Yeah. Hmm. Is Big Bird the only one that has legs? No. Well, okay. Hmm. Big bird is a Muppet character. Oh, so Big bird is a suit, but the mouth is still operated by an arm reaching up above, right?


Is that the definition of Puppet? It's still a Muppet. It operated similarly to a Muppet where one one hand is like the head and the mouth and then one arm is like operating an arm. Oh, I didn't know this big gear. Big bird is a 6-year-old, eight foot, two inch tall, bright yellow canary. I didn't know he was a canary. That's That's a big canary. I thought he was just a shiny bluebird. Like a Pokemon. The internet thinks big bird is a full body muppet quote unquote. But it's not about whether it's a Muppet. We know it's a Muppet. But is it a Puppet? Muppets are a type of puppet. Okay. And the head is still puppeted and the arm is still puppeted. Okay. So it's kind of like a puppet that you carry around by wearing it. The Majority of Muppets are designed as hand puppets with several characters using rods.


Maybe Rods make them not technically puppets. I don't know. I, I think we're getting in over our heads here. I think they're all kinds of puppets. I think they're puppets. But anyway, the dinosaurs weren't those animatronics weren't they? Like motorized and whatnot and not just like puppeted by a person with some strings or sticks or with their hand up their backside. I don't know. I know that they weren't CGI. so I, I don't actually know how they were. These Are the tough questions. Is Job of the hut a puppet or is that just a costume? Because there were people in there like multiple people. He's a puppet. Was it two or three people that controlled job of the the hu? There was the mouth, hands and tail. I don't actually know that. I don't either. Anyway, sorry I went off on a weird tangent Here. Good AI update, Wade. Thank you. Yeah, that was my weekend. Muppets and Puppets and Bears. omi. Yeah. Well, do you guys have any other small talk?


No. Any more kooky stories? No. No. Okay.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That Sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive, but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint Mobile iss pretty fast. Unlimited talk and text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit into a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details.


Well, the last time, was it the last time I hosted that we did 20 easy questions? Or have I done something else since then? I don't Recall. I have no idea that's Been stuck in my head. And you guys had so much fun with the trivia that I wanted to try a different kind of trivia and I have prepared here. And you guys like music. Not a question. More rhetorical. I know you guys like music. We all love music. Yeah. We all have favorite lyrics from popular songs. And a, a fun way to talk about lyrics from songs that we love is to do the old classic finish this lyric where I will read to you the beginning of a lyric from a popular song. These are all songs that were at least relatively popular and they're only from songs that I think we should know in terms of like when when we lived and grew up.


And there's no like songs from the fifties in here or anything. And I will prompt you to finish the lyric and if you finish the lyric, you can get a point and I'll even give you a bonus point if you can say the artist that performed the song. Great. That's just the bonus though. You don't have to do that. I'm known for my music listening. Yeah, we love music. I, you guys did so well with the last trivia. I was like, they got this. Are these Like from any generation, like, you know, fifties, sixties, seventies, eighties, nineties. Like all, what Was I just saying out loud? This is gonna be a long episode, man. Listen Man, I don't know Really. What were you listening to? My preamble. I was specifically like, these lyrics are from songs that I think we should know.


They're not from songs from the fifties, they're from songs that we either grew up with or were so popular that we definitely would be aware of them. Here's the problem. As I might be more likely to know older Songs, that's minus one point for Wade. That's fair. Technically, I think there are a couple that might be older, but most of these are from like the two thousands and up. So they're from within the time when we were like listening to the radio, going to parties and places where they play these songs. Okay. You know, on the radio, at the mall, at a restaurant, whatever. Alright, So I have kind of a chance. I got no chance. I don't listen to music. Listen carefully. Do your best. It's gonna be fine. Mark, since you're feeling so down about this, I'll give you the first crack.


I don't know if that's a good thing. And You're already up by a point. You are already up by a point because Wade has negative one points. That's True. That's true. It's very impressive Way. Yeah. I zone out during instructions every episode without fail. Are we ready? Yes. Mark, finish the lyric. I'm gonna pop some tags. Only got $20 in my pocket. Ah. I'm hunting. Looking for a ComeUp. This is fucking awesome. Close enough. Well, was it, This is freaking awesome, but I think that might be the censored version anyway. Yeah. That's by Macklemore and his associates. Bumbo.


You know what Louis CK and Macklemore. Louis CK is close enough that I'll take it. That's by Macklemore and Ryan Lewis. That's it. That's it. Otherwise known as Bumbo. Mark's like, I don't know anything immediately knows. He goes by Bumbo with his close friends. No one Remembers that guy. I don't think anyone remembers Macklemore now either, but no I Wouldn't. I think Macklemore is enough. That's that's known as a Macklemore song. Even though he and Ryan Lewis get both. Get credit for That. I already didn't know Macklemore, so I'm already in trouble. Mark burning into the quick lead. Woo. With all this music knowledge, he doesn't have Woo All, right Wade. Plus the bonus for you and everyone is, I'm gonna try and sing these in a way that will help you hear the song.


So All, right? All right. Look forward to a lot of crappy singing. Wade, your lyric is because you know I'm all about that bass. About that bass. No Tre, I'm all about that bass. I love bass. Mark, do you wanna I love bass. I love bass. Bass, bass. Bass, bass, bass. Oh, and this is by Selena Gomez. Mark, do you wanna steal? I don't think I've ever heard this song in my life. Is it just a continuation where it's still, I'm all about that bass. No treble. And it's by Galena Sloes. You know what, you can get a point for the steal on the get. It's a repetitive line.


I threw in some easy ones way. I said something about Base. Yeah, But you just said, oh, base bass Base. No, it's literally the first line is, you know, I'm all about that base. About that base. No Tre. I'm all about that base. About that base. No trouble. Oh Yeah. You didn't say Tre. Oh, Okay. Did you? Yes I did. Fuck. I need to listen. I'm gonna get accused of being unfairly slanted against Wade, but we'll have to see how this all goes. Number three, mark. It's your turn. Oh God. I Got a good feeling about this one for you. Is it, I got a feeling by the Black Eyed Peas. No, that might come up though. Who sang The last one? Oh, that was Meghan Trainor.


Okay. I know the name. Her name is not as famous as as some other, but like, she's huge. She's hugely famous in general as a pop star. I I know, I know of her. I know, I know of her. Look, if, if you say any song from Brat, I know every word of every song because that's been playing nonstop in this house. Could You give me Old Blink? You give me Queen, you give me some Elvis Alan Jackson. It's a strong mix. You've got a chance, mark. Your lyric is, I came in like a wrecking ball. I never hit so hard in love. All I wanted was to break your walls. All you ever did was Brett, me.


Is that it? That is not technically correct. Damn Wade. If you can get it more correct, I will give you the steal. Oh man, Rat me. Wade with the Steve. Hey, he Stole it from me. That's, That's it. That's how that works. I Did it. Miley Cyrus. AKA Hannah, Montana. Oh, They stole it. And the Miley Point. Wade, you're back in the positive. I thought You said no and I was like, I really thought I had that one. No, you're Good. You're good. You're good. That, that makes a lot more sense that it would be Wreck me than break Me. I was just going off of Well she said break. No, she did say break, but Wreck was the, it's the song's called Wrecking Ball. Mm. That makes more sense. I Actually didn't know if it was break or Wreck, but whenever you said one it was wrong.


I was like, was gotta be the other All. right Wade, your lyric is, I don't really wanna sing this one. I become so numb. I can't feel you there become so tired, so much more aware. I'm becoming this. All I want to do is be more like me And be less like you And I know. Yeah, no, there you go. Lincoln Park. Yeah. Guys who don't know music. I didn't. So, okay, I Lincoln Park, I like their songs. I do, but I never listened to them like intentionally. I just never went on my way list to a lot of music. But my friends growing up, man, they loved Lincoln Park. So by proxy I heard their songs a lot.


Yeah, I think I, I think of the few CDs I've ever owned. I think I did on that one at one point. It's a good, it's classic. Sorry I'm laughing because I just heard my own, I just like processed my own singing there and I don't know why the fuck I sang that in like a bad Trump impression, but now I can't unhear it. I become so numb. I can't feel you there. And I know, anyway, that's, That's an even worse Trump impression. No, I know. I can't Not, I can't do one and won't do one. It was not Trump on purpose. And now that's all I hear. But not anyway. Mark your lyric. Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number. So call me maybe.


Yeah. Carly Ray Jepsen. Really excited for you guys to not get some of these dude, Don't worry. I knew the lyric there, but I was like, I don't remember the girl's name who sings it. Was it Tiffany? And then Marks Carly Ray Jepsen. So Tiffany Bs. I'll let you down Bob. Don't worry. You guys got a bunch in the last trivia one too. And then it sort of spiraled And. it got funny. We'll get there. Yeah, We'll Get there. It'll get funny. We'll get there. People are tuning their radio stations right now. All. right. So this one, I gotta be honest, I know this song, but I don't really know the words. And I have bad feeling for you on this one, Wade. Good luck. Great. I look forward to it. I also don't know how the song goes, so I'm just gonna reread it. Sorry. Cool. No, no, no.


Nothing. I love it. No, no Extra help for you. Excellent, baby. Can't you see? I'm calling a guy like, you should wear a warning. It's dangerous. I'm one word. It's one word. I'll give you that. That's your Hint. Okay. Dangerous. It's dangerous. I am dangerous. That's your guess. Yeah. No, unfortunately that's incorrect. I'm sorry. Oh, Okay. Mark, you are, you were heavy breathing. You know this one. Can I Hear it one more time, Baby? Can't you see I'm calling a guy like, you should wear a warning. It's dangerous. I am Horny. That's gonna be my follow up. No, it's, it's falling of course.


Oh, That's From Toxic by Britney's Beers. Is It? Yeah. No, I, that's not the part. I, I can't remember where that is in the song. Can't you see Oh, oh. A guy like you. Shoe wear warning. That isn't it? That's it isn't it? Oh wait, no. Yeah, baby. Can't you see? Yeah, that's it. I'm calling. Yeah. A guy like you to, Yeah. Okay. That changes how I feel about the lyrics entirely. It's dangerous. I'm, dude, can I just say that song is one of my favorite like cheap moments in music ever.


The part where they literally, you know, the violin part that goes, Oh, who doesn't? The part where they reverse that out of nowhere. The violins just go. Which is fun. It is fun. It's A whole thing. I Don't know if I've heard that song in 20 years. What a song Wade, I'm sorry about. That was a tough One. That's okay. I I It happens. Mark, yours is an equally unknown, unknown seems the wrong word. Unknown song, these small songs. Yours is a song that we're gonna, we're gonna definitely not know and will be a big trouble. And this is very fair. These are mixed randomly. It's very fair. Mark, you're a lyricist. Just as small town girl living in a lonely world.


She took a midnight train Going anywhere. Thank you. Is it anywhere? Anywhere? Yes. Oh, It's not nowhere. 'cause I was like, is it nowhere? Oh God. Going, Going, no. Nowhere. And that's by I know this actually. Wait. Journey. Damn. Is that it? Yes. By Journey. Correct. Hi. I was looking forward to that. Steal. Hell yeah, man. What a, what An equal round that one was. Oh, calm down. Oh. As if Toxic isn't as famous as that song. There Is no way Toxic is as famous as Don't Stop Believing Toxic is Is is one of the most famous pop songs of that era To Toxic is definitely like one of the most famous pop songs of our life.


But I don't think Toxic is so famous that when you just play the opening bass lick an entire stadium of drunk people will go Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Don't Stop believing his like, literally Any time the song starts it just goes and everyone's like, oh, say Song. You're right. You're right. Yeah, totally. It's been a ton of movies too, so. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Toxics Big, don't get me wrong, it's one of Britney Spears big songs. And she's big, but like, don't Stop Believing is like generational. That's a tough one. But Toxic is famous. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, mark, well you'll definitely know this is Well It's Wade. It's Sue's Turn. It's Wade's Turn Good. That's because it's fair. And I know that Wade loves this skill.


Okay, good. Do it. Love this artist. I don't know how the song goes. Great. Yeah, just read the lyrics and is not rhyme me away as possible. I listened to these when I was getting All. right. Look, it's a beautiful night. We're looking for something dumb to do. Hey baby, I think I wanna Fuck you. I appreciate, I guess the sentiment, you Gotta be direct in 2020, But that's not the song lyric. I, I know it. You do think I wanna marry you? Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's it. That's how, that's how the next part goes.


I think I wanna marry you. I think I wanna marry you. Yeah. Do you know who sings this? I, yeah. Not a clue. Metro Station? No. Incorrect. Ah, I steal the, the singer. Sure. If you know, if you know that. But not the lyric. Oh dude, it's Ed Sheeran. Not, not not. No, not, but it is Bruno Mars. I was gonna say, not too far. That's a, that's like kind of a similar idea. That's a Bruno Mars song. Okay. Oh right. I should have known that one. Oh Yeah.


Oh man. I'm killing it. All, right? Mark, I just wanna reiterate how fair this is. I'd like to steal It's Mark's turn. Hell yeah. I got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night. That tonight's gonna be a good night at tonight. It's gonna be a good, good night. That's a good old black-Eyed Peas. Oh, I'm sorry. That one man. I really should have looked at how I spaced out these softball. No, no, it's Cool. I'm really glad every other one is easy. I feel like the last 20 questions I have filed round, you know, I got hosed on the order a bit. I knew the ones you knew and I didn't know the ones that I didn't know.


You knew the ones he gave us the answer to. Shut up. It doesn't matter if it doesn't matter. It was not fair towards me. Mark blew like a seven point lead wave. That's true. You're never, you're never out of this. Yeah. Do you Know the artist Mark? He said it already Blacked pizza. Dude, I don't listen to half What hat goes on here? All. right. Wade, this is what I like to imagine that you sing in the shower. I I think this song lives in your heart. And so I'm confident that you know this one. Oh Man, You are the dancing queen. Young and sweet. Only 17 dancing Queen. Feel the beat Of the Tambo.


Yes. You Can Dance. Do you sing that in the shower? Was I right? I would probably, if it was stuck in my head. I'm, I'm not opposed. Who sings this famous song Wade? Oh, you know, man, I knew Cher Juniors. Okay. Do you want a real guess? Or is your funny guess also your real guest. I don't have a damn clue who sings that song. Alright, before I give any, any hints, mark, do you know this one? I I do. Umm but for some reason the name is blanking. So give him a hint. All, Right Hint Wade to get the re re re steal back in the knot, steal glittery outfits.


Scandinavian classic band known for lots of sequins. There's a lot of 'em on stage. The, the, the musical Mama Mia All, all songs composed and written by this, this band. I'm gonna channel my friend Ethan Nestor here and say the Berg. I'm sorry. That's incorrect. And I think you know that. I do know it's incorrect. I have no, I I imagine sequins was a big hint. Didn't get, didn't translate. Mark, you're I you can, you could see them standing on stage. Yeah. Amy's gonna kill me. And I, she is know this band so much. 'cause I why, why is It's a funny name. It's, this is not my guess, but for some reason my brain just keeps in my mind screaming both It's ac DC and it's Queen.


I'm like, shut up. Get away. Get outta here. No, I think it's One of those, I could see the connections that you've made to get both of those in there. I Know, right? Like my brain is circling those And I'm like, shut up. Stop. Everyone knows the famous intro to this song. Dancing Queen, the guitar riff. You know you been Dancing Queen. That one. Whoa, whoa. I know, I know. Dancing Queen. I'm gonna have to call Ty Mark. Do you have a guess? Ah, No. I'm gonna be so Mad. The band is called Abba. Abba. Why? Abba? Abba. God. Of Course. Yeah. You said ac DC because it's a four letter word that starts with a And you said Queen because the song is dancing Queen.


If I had one more guest, I was gonna say the second sequences. so I was never gonna get Abba. Amy's Gonna be so mad. Disappointment. He's gonna be so mad. Alright, mark. Yes. Your turn, right? Yes. Your lyric is, I see a little silhouette, man. Moosh, will you do the fang, thunderbolt and lightning? Very, very frightening me. Kaleo Kaleo Is cool. That's queen. That's ac. CDCI Know. Who did? He said ac dc He said it. No, I said Queen first. He changes his mind. You're Not allowed in this game. Right? No minds he changes. That is a rule that we all play by No Mindy changes. Wait, I just forgot to scratch down one of your points and I don't want do that to you, so I'm just double checking.


I don't think it's gonna matter, but that's fine. No, listen. Mark is still within the distance of the biggest lead. He is ever blown. So hold, hold out. Hope it's not over yet. All. right Wade. This could not be a softer ball. Okay. I didn't realize that I had done this. So you're welcome. I know that you know the answer to this one. I can't wait. Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy caught in a landslide? No. Escape from reality. Yes. Open your Eyes. Look up to Fascinating and see Copyright Straw.


Who's that song by Wade? Do you know that one? Oh, let me, let me give you a moment here. I'm pretty sure it's sung by Freddie Mercury and performed by Queen. You joke, but you did forget something that I had just told you with that level of proximity in a previous episode. So don't be too smoke about it. You guys know way more about music than I Had anticipated. Dude, older you, you give me Queen or you that, that that era. I know more than I do about Meghan Trainor or Britney Spears. Apparently I'm not letting my guard down. I know nothing I told You. I try, I tried to mix in stuff that that, that I think we would know. I appreciate that one. I'm glad we got Two queens back to back. And I'm pretty sure from the same song To the same song, back to Back The same song.


Yeah. Listen, it's a long song. Okay. There's a lot of stuff in there. What is It like a seven minute, five minute, seven minute song. It's Like half the runtime of Wayne's World, isn't it? I don't even know. Anyway, mark. Yeah, your lyric. We found love in a hopeless place. We found love in a hopeless place. Shine a light. Where do you Shine? Lights by shine a light right in my face. We found love in a hopeless place. That's by I wish That that was correct. That's incorrect. You can, I'll I'll still give you the bonus if you know who that's by, I guess. Oh yeah, That's, that's that's Hillary Clinton.


I remember when she ran for president. Performed that on the mic. That's, yeah, that's Obvious. My opponent has talked a lot about a, a hopeless place, but I think we all know what she means. No way. Do you happen to know where you shine the light Through an open door? Yes. This is Rihanna. Yes. That's it. That's the one That song's actually on my phone, like one of my playlists. so I know that one for that reason. Yay. You guys like to play like you are so stupid. Okay man. Toxic threw me like it was the most unknown song of all time. So I'm gonna admit that was a part of toxic. I didn't really place some.


I could, I was with you on that one being funky, but I I secretly set this episode up as a redemption for both of you. By the end of this, you're gonna feel so good about how smart you are. I feel like no matter if I only get one question wrong, I do feel like there'll be a pitchfork mob coming after me for like, how dare you not know? So we're in trouble. Mark, wait. You, it's time for your Lyric. Oh. Oh, that's right. Okay. I kissed a girl and I liked it. The taste of her Cherry chapstick. I kissed a girl just to try it. I hope my boyfriend Doesn't mind Judges. Can you restate your answer? What was your answer? Doesn't mind.


Hey, ahah, Mark, I'll give you a chance to steal if you could say exactly the correct answer. Otherwise I'm gonna give it to Twin. Don't Mind it. Oh, that is exactly, precisely correct. All. right? That's fair. I'm gonna give you half a point for that. Wade, I'll take it. That was very close. I don't hang on. My system doesn't really allow half a points. Very well. Hang on. Lemme do some Bob math real quick. Who gets to guess the artist? Because Mark technically got it right. I mean, The Steeler right? Wait, guess the artist if you know it. Ah, come on Katy Perry. Ah, Come on. It's not like you told him the answer. Oh, Come On. We were competing for the first part. But Katy Perry, he had a, he gets a fair shot at Katy Perry.


Good. Come on. I am coming on. This Is one of those songs where it's like I kissed the girl. Not like it, The stage job. Her Cherry Chapstick. I, my band actually performed a mashup that included this song. so I, we didn't have a singer, but I sang it in my head dozens of times every time we played it. so I performed this song. It's burned into my soul. That's pretty Cool with Katy Perry. Only once she came to Motor Pub in Cincinnati. Mark, your lyric is don't hide yourself in regret. Just love yourself and you're set. I'm on the right track, baby. I was born this way And Lady Gaga.


Don't worry Wade, you're still in this. No, it's cool. I I'm just thinking the song now. Oh No. My graphics card crashed. Hey man, how you doing over there? I am crashed. It's not, it's not bad. You're black screed now. It was not as, not as silly as previous ones had been. You just looked like you were deep in thought and maybe rethinking your life.


Don't worry, mark. I'll just enjoy my mug. Root Beer, zero sugar while, oh, he's gone. I'll just enjoy my mug. Root beer, zero sugar while we wait.


What's the answer to the next five questions? I'm gonna get, I will give you one word. Great. Don't give anything else. Just say one word and I'll have to figure it out. I will give you one word. And. it pertains to the next five questions. Okay? So it's one word that goes to one of those five Boots. All, right? Okay, Let's try this again. I don't know where we were. Who did the last one? I've kinda lost the plot at this point. Mark was born this way. Okay, so that means it's me. Yes, it's you Wade Mark. Because we have a deal that there are no handshake deals. I am gonna let you know, Wade and I were talking and I gave him one word as a hint. That applies to one of the next five questions that we're gonna have.


It's not enough that it, it gives it away, I don't think. But I just wanna be upfront with you. I feel like I feel bad for Wade. It was More of a high five. Well, no, I don't feel like anything you Struggling. I feel like nothing. I feel zero feelings about this. You have no feelings. I have no feelings. Okay. Okay. 'cause we kind of high Five. It's not a secret deal. I told You I've got no feelings. I told you the full extent of the deal. I just wanna be up on the table. No feelings. Okay, mark, it's not your turn. Shut up. I mean, Wade, Wade, here's your song Lyric All. right? I say up too late, got nothing in my brain. That's what people say.


Take a good guess. I believe in you. Can You without singing it, read the lyrics you just read. Okay. I feel like I said it pretty good, but that's fine. You did. You did. I stay up too late. Got nothing in my brain. That's what people say. Ooh. And All, right? Your name All, right. Well I have a good feeling, you know who sang this lyric? Hey, you wanna, you wanna take the artist? Am I allowed Mark? Mark? You could do, if you know the song, you could do the lyric. But then I'll give Wade first crack at the artist. We'll go back and forth. Back and forth on the Stealings. Okay. All. Right? It's, that's what people say.


Yeah. It's another repeat one way. God damnit. I'm terrible at these. That's what people say. Mm. That's what people say. Taylor Swift. There you go buddy. That's actually Swer Tiffed. It's actually Taylor Kelsey. Sorry. Oh, Cincinnati boy. Actually, I think he and his brother are from Cleveland I think. But They played for you see? Yeah. I think they were born in Cleveland. But yeah, I think they're Cincinnati boys. All, right? Good steel mark. Good, good. Knowing of other Taylor Swift songs, Wade. Oh thank you. Thank you. Mark. Your lyric is hello from the other side. I must have called a thousand times to tell you.


I'm sorry. That is tough. 'cause that's an artist that uses more words sometimes. Yeah. I'll give you a clue. Mark. The lyric does not go to tell you. I'm sorry to tell you. I'm sorry. Sorry. Can I hear it one more time? Hello? From me other side. I must, Sorry. You know what? Actually don't. No, I'm good. Okay. Tell you I'm sorry. Something about the things that I did. Things I'd done about, about the things I'd done. About the things I'd done.


I got a bad feeling for you, Wade. But if you can say the lyric Exactly. I'll give you the steal on this one. I must have told a thousand lies. No, that's not the game that we're playing. I just implied to you that Marx was so close that I was always going to give it to him. Yeah, I know, but I don't know what to do. so I just kill with my own Mark. You get the point. Oh cool. The lyric is, I'm sorry for everything that I've done. Oh, For everything that I've done that. Not for all the things. For the things that I done did. Yeah. Mark Adele. Okay, there You go. I knew that part because it was after a gateway. What? Oh, I see. That's a that. Wow.


Huh. Thank you. I was trying to make my hair less far quad and I just ended up making it far more far quad than it ever was before. Do you know the muffin man? The muffin man? The muffin man. Yes, I know the muffin man. This was Gingerbread man from Shrek. I'll give you a pity point for that one buddy. Thank you. You earned it. Thank You. You know it's, it's funny seeing the Far Quad apply thing. Meme pop up every once in a while, isn't It Mark Quad? Yeah, mark Quad. And just knowing the origin of it, like I witnessed that being made. People probably think that that was some fan or something.


No, I witnessed that being made as it was being made. I Don't know if I remember that story. Oh, is Daniel made that? Oh, that's why if you look in the bottom right of an uncropped photo, it says Syngo. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. I only ever see the cropped crushed ones. I Know. Yeah. But if you look up Mark Quad, you'll see in the bottom Right. That's my problem. I don't Google Mark Quad enough. I just need to Search that way. Yeah. Never, never Googled Mark Quad enough. And so the E for some reason is transplanting that onto Mark Zuckerberg for some reason. Sure, sure, sure. Makes sense. Wade All. right. You really need to get this one right.


Okay. No pressure Because I know Mark knows it. All. right. No problem. I got this one. Oh, Also, I don't think I can sing this one just 'cause I'm a bad singer. That's usually mine that I get. That's fair. Yeah. No, it's okay. You'll know it. I'm in love with the shape of you. We push and pull like a magnet do. Although my heart is falling to I'm in You in what? No, I'm sorry.


I'm sorry. Double check. I'm looking. It is not boots, So it's it's you. You sang it so weirdly that at first I, I fuck. I can't sing this one. Mark. How does it go? Sing the whole lyric. I'm in love with the shape of you. We push and pull like a magnet to hard to fall into. I'm in love with your body. Oh yeah, that's, Yeah. That's the one that's Basically like being in boots. Man, I, I'm actually want to hear back how you sang it. 'cause it threw me off that hard that I had no idea what you were talking about. All. right? Calm down. Listen. I said I was, it was so terrible.


I said ICI. Listen. Okay. It's okay. It was my turn. Mark. It was, it was my turn. Who sang that? Mark Edge here and Okay. Yep. Sorry Wade. I That's Okay. I was gonna guess Justin Timber. Ooh, I didn't think you would do at Shiran. Mark your, your lyric is I got the horses in the back. Horse Stacky is attached. Hat is Matt in black. Oh Man. I know where your clue came from and my boots are in the back. Got It. No, that's not. And my boots are in my slacks and my boots and my boots are on the rack and my boots are boots attacked And my boots are feet attached And now my boots will attach.


Yeah, you go. Wait, do you have a guess for this one? I've Lost everything because of Mark's 300 guesses there. I got the horses in the back. Okay. Okay. Horse Tech is attached. Hat is Matty Black And Boots. Keep going, keep going, keep going. There's more words. Keep going. I'll give you more time. Oh, or smoking crack. I got, can I re steal? Sure. And my boots are from Aflac. Is that it? I don't sell boots. Ah, damn. Sorry Wade. Steal Boots are running track. Oh, that's actually it. What?


No, that's not it. Oh, okay. Wait, do you know who sang this? Oh, very, very, very popular record breaking popular artist. This song was, I think the one that broke a lot of records. Garth Brooks. I'm gonna say no, but good try buddy. Thank You. Mark. Do you know little Nos? X little, little Nononsense X Little Nas X. That doesn't sound like a country singer. Yes he Is. Slap Country singers always just use their names. Don't they Slap That was the discourse when that that song came out. I guess Beyonce is just her name. so I guess that's fair. A famous country music singer.


Did you not hear her new, her new album? It's All Country. Well this ain't Texas. Aint no hold them Down, down, down. I don't know the words, but I must Not have heard any of that. No. Based on my track record today. Do you think I know the new Beyonce track? I look, you seem to know country music. So actually you seem to not know country music I guess, but Boots Are leather Black Boots Hat is Matty Black Gots of Boots is black to match. Oh The boots are also black. It's all matte black all the time. Oh, I was close on the last attempt. Yeah. You're so close. Okay. And cool. All, right? All Right. Well that was a tough one. Wait, that was my Clue. I used it. No, that Was, that was your one. The boots. That was the Boots Clue right there.


Maybe the next one's boots too. I gotta, I gotta be prepared. Whose was that? Me. Wade's. Right. Oh boy. Mark, do you wanna skip your turn and give Wade a chance to get a point? Why I don't You give him the happy birthday song, man, Wait. No, that was my turn. And I know it went back and forth for a while, but I, I remembered you said his clue is Boots. Oh, that's right. That was Mark's turn. Wade, it's your turn. I know you know this one. Happy Birth. You here Wade. Do you want a clue? You want a clue you've been really successful at the songs that are older. Cool. So here you go. You'll be great at this one. You are my fire. The one Desire Believe when I say I want it that way.


Yeah. Who sings that? Wade. Okay, now which boy band was it that, Oh, come on. No, come on. Backstreet Boys. Yes. Thank God That was, I was gonna say the other One. I would've said the other One in sync. 98 Degrees Boys, two men, Kids in the neighborhood, or whatever the fuck they were called. New kids on the blog. Kids in the kids in the Neighborhood. Oh dang. Kids in the neighborhood. All. right. I'm trying to think of a way to get you back in this one way I truly am. No, no, it's fine. Let let it play out, man. It's fine. Well, I think I'm gonna cut it off there when I was here.


We'll do one more and whoever says it first gets five points. Wait, it Doesn't have to. Why does it have to? I don't know. Wait if I performed admirably the whole time, why does it have to? Because it's not even close. Mark, you're well Then. I did really good. He's already dead. Well then you're giving him a chance to come back after my hour long. Incredible performance. Yeah. All right? All right. What if Bob asks us a trivia question? No, I did really good. What is the, what is the rarest naturally occurring element on Earth? Who are you asking, Wade?


I'll give you a first crack at it. What is the rarest naturally occurring element on earth? This is the same one I also asked last time. We revisited that episode. Now are you deserve to lose? Is it? It's not the Battle of Hastings. No. And it's not the Treaty of Airstream. Hey Adrian. Tight. God dammit. Fucking suck. Mark. Do you remember? Oh yeah. Got stuck. It's fucking astatine. It's Astatine. Goddammit, right? Yeah. I was hoping you'd ask Mark a question Mark. If you get it wrong, you lose all your points.


Yeah, that's what I was hoping. No, I'm never gonna let Astatine go anyway. Mark, you got points for, this is fucking awesome bass stuff. So call me I guess. Carly Ray Jeps going anywhere, journey marry you. Feelings, Blackeyed, pecks, peas, Blackeyed peas, Blackeyed P my win. Very frightening. Queen mind Didn born like Gaga. That's what Taylor says. For everything I did, did, done, did, did, done did by Adel and Ed. Sheeran's body featuring little Nas X is what I wrote. For some reason. Wade, you got, I combined them your points.


I think. Mark, wait, you got points for already not listening. Rack me by Miley. Less like you. Lincoln Park the beat of the tambourine. Very real queen through an open door. Don written silly. Katy Perry Taylors muffed. Nope. Bitty boy. He wanted that way. Yeah, he do. Also, he know back straight. I don't know why I wrote it like that. Anyway, Wade, I've Gotta chime in here. You gave me a point for already not listening. I'm supposed to lose a point for that. Yeah, yeah. It is a negative point. I just, I didn't refer to the top. Just Wanted to make sure you had it. Mark her correctly. No. Yeah. So you have my, you started with minus one point.


Yeah. And then you earned 13 points with a total of 12. Mark. You started at zero 'cause you're a good little boy who listens and you earned a total of 18 points. So if my math is correct, mark wins. Yay. Why are you so, so sad about it? I don't know why I'm so sad about Well, I've been really trying to help Wade out and he's just not Astatine, Wade Astatine, we got this Astatine. If you'd have given him the win for Astine, you know how many red flags I would've thrown? You know how many, You don't have any, you Don't have any All, right? No. Mark wins fair and square. And you guys do way more song. You only like didn't know at all.


Like a couple. You basically knew all of those. Yeah, that was, that was actually pretty impressive. So there Boots. Boots. I gave you boots, Wade. I tried. I tried to skew it in your favor. Anyway, congratulations. Everybody is winners for knowing lots of song lyrics. Everybody is losers for having had to listen to me sing as much as I did in today's episode. And I'm sorry, but the real winner here is Mark and he's gonna give us speech about it. Oh, say, can you Sing? What? No, no, no, no. Recycling bits get at All. right? Well that's, Didn't you do that last time? No, I don't think so. I recall you singing the National anthem for some reason I never heard.


Why are you singing the American one? Which One would I sing? The Australian one. Oi, oi, oi. The Australian one. Oi. We're Australia. Oi, oi, oi, oi. That's not anno. Oi, oi, oi. I commemorate this win to my complete inability to listen to music on a regular basis and somehow still remembering things. I don't know why I know as many that I did. I spend most of my drives in complete silence and, but I do know some things and that's great. He does. He drives in silence like a crazy person. And he doesn't let anyone talk in the car either.


Wade, would you please give us your loser speeds sponsored by Mug Root Beer. Today's loser speech is brought to you by Mug Root Beer. You know the feeling when you walk into work and you're having a good day and you feel like you're on top of your game and you've really just got everything ready and going your way, and then you lose by a really big margin. That's when you need a mug. Root beer, drink mug root beer and let them know you got that dog in you. Okay, thanks, Wade. You're welcome. Good speech. I'm sorry. It feels like this is really hitting you hard and I didn't, I didn't mean for it to be so one sided, but Mark just absolutely mop the floor with you like you were a rag doll who was defenseless to even put up a fight in any way. The Final score was at least close, right? No, it wasn't. Okay. It was 18 to 13 if I recall. Or 12. Actually, it was 18 to 12. I lost my single digits. That's you know what Silver linings, buddy. You're really fine in it in there. You must have that dog in you. My root beer does taste very good. Honestly, it kind of does sweeten the loss a little bit. Well, thanks everyone for playing Mark's. Gonna host the next one. Next Mark's gonna host the next one with an X and A T. At the end of it, make sure you follow the podcast. Hit the little plus sign or follow or add to your library or whatever the phraseology is. 'cause then you'll always know when new episodes come out and they come out a lot. So you're probably behind. So hurry up. Okay. You've got a lot to make up. Marcus, market player, online I am Meiser. Wade is a loser that came out of nowhere. Sorry. But it's true. It's not wrong. Also, Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7 or Minion seven. Seven seven. We have merch at Distractible store.com. Thank you so much for watching or listening. Thank you mug Rupe for presenting this episode and Wade's Loser speech. And as we say, the end of every episode when it ends podcast out.