(0s):
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks Root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.

(28s):
Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Baronial Bob is bigger than Johnson's Bacher. And ask the questions. None dare to even utter meritocratic. Mark the ornithological Oracle slides past small talk reports. Grinder going down eats horse ass and doesn't like fruit. Where is some Wade Lous the perfect pastime, plain pizzas and hump backsides from Texan tortillas to manspreading. It's time for The Last Great Debate. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.

(1m 14s):
Hello and welcome back to another episode of Your Uncle's second favorite podcast, Distractible. I'm sure we have much better things to claim fame from, but today's about Gary's taste. Really. Anyway, I'm your host Bob joined as usual by my contestants for the day and co-hosts and General Mark and Wade. Say hello. Hey. Hi. I said say hello, but that's fine. Hey, everyone's doing well clearly, especially in particularly Wade probably if you've never seen the show before. I'm the host 'cause I won the last episode. That's right. It's competition. One of these two other guys will win this episode and host the next one. That's how it works. I have a a thing, I write down points and so on and so forth.

(1m 56s):
That's, that's the whole, that's it. It's not complicated. And also what I said only kind of applies in every given episode. Anyway. How's it going fellas? Great man. Wade, what did you take before this episode? Oh, I had some Wawa, Some what? Oh my God. Kill it. Something has invaded Wade's body and taken him over. That is an alien in a skin suit. He won't open his eyes because it'll show his true nature. The alien Will come bursting forth. Oh, they're open. They're open. How many fingers am I holding up? Oh, Three and a half. Is the pinky really a Finger? You know, I'm not a doctor but okay, I Can't keep it up.

(2m 37s):
I tried percent sure Man. You can do the whole episode like that. Oh, or back. I have incredible news. Do you have the world's most successful render farm? Not at all. It's not even running. Not even one computer is up. But I'm not gonna talk about that. I'm not gonna talk about GL salt. I'm not gonna talk about my master plans. S solar panels. I'm not gonna talk about any Of that. Anything interesting going on in the world? I don't recall. This headline just made me laugh. Texas family saves Orphan Baby Bird by wrapping it in a tortilla quote. That's all I had. This is really, That's It.

(3m 17s):
I owned one thing in life and I used it to save this baby bird. Look. Look at, look at this fucking bird. I gotta show you his this. So cute. Look at that. Oh it looks delicious. No, no. Bob. No. No. Is that not the, okay. You know, vets work really hard and delivering a chicken tortilla to them is honestly really sweet. Well, We don't know if it's a chicken. I don't know what bird that is. It's in a tortilla. It's gotta be chicken. Ever heard of a duck tortilla? Never had a pork tortilla. Well, I, I don't think actually they've made a pork tortilla. You ever had A blue jay tortilla? I don't think so. Look, All, right? Some bird expert out here. Tell us what this bird is and I guarantee someone out there knows.

(3m 57s):
Alright, Well the feet have approximately 30 lines between toenail and fur. Just, ah, go to Spotify. Look at the video. What is Happening? Well, I wasn't helping the listeners. I was trying to just count the lines for the experts. That wouldn't help them. I don't think the number of creases in the toes. The Tortilla has approximately six brown spots, maybe seven brown spots. It depends if each cluster is more like several smaller brown spots. There are way more than just that many brown spots. It's got white feathers. The bird, not the tortilla. Oh, The tortilla has 'em now It's got a beak that's yellow towards the face and black on the tip.

(4m 38s):
Like solid, black, shiny even. What's That part of the beak? There's like parts of a beak and there's like a nose part and then like the, the mouth part, right? Well I think it's clearly delineated. Yeah, I think that's it. And that 'cause I see a nostril and then this is the probus. That's Oh, is that what that is? Yeah. The bird probus. It extends outward to suck blood. Yep, that's true. He's right. No bird experts are here to refute me. I can say whatever I want. If There's one thing I know, I know birds, I see 'em, they Fly. So whatever. It's fine. This has A confusing energy so far. I just wanna, In my life though, I am perfect as always. And humble Next All. right? Let me tell you, I have discovered the best game ever made.

(5m 22s):
Yes. It's a tile board game called Hanabi, which is like fireworks. And you take tiles, you work with 1, 2, 3 other people and you try to build a big old firework rectangle And. it was really fun and I'm like addicted to it. I wanna play it so badly. I was on a trip. I went to Virginia. We were surprising our friend bird for his birthday. I was there with Molly and his girlfriend Fu and some other people. We played a lot of board games, including nemesis, which Mark had shown me years ago. Oh, Mark likes that. I, I do. Yep. But Hanabi, I don't know man. Something about it. It just, it clicked with me. It's like just a co-op. You pick little tiles, you build something, you work together. So the way it works is like you can't really talk outside of, well you can have general talk about whatever you want to, but like the way you play the game is you each face tiles at each other, your hand and they have to try to help you figure out what your hand is.

(6m 12s):
But all they can tell you is either you have this many tiles that are the number two or this many tiles that are green or whatever else. And you have to use that combination of information to try to figure out what you've got and when to play it. And it's just really fun. Simple but fun. Really fun. It doesn't sound simple. I feel like that's a thing that people who play a lot of board games, we'll just throw out there though. But I played this new, I played this new board game over the weekend. There's, there's two maps and you control eight characters at a time. And each player can only, you can only move three characters to turn. And you have a hand of cards but you don't get to look at those. But you have to play 'em at the right time. Where else your characters die. It's really simple. Okay, This one you literally have blue.

(6m 52s):
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, yellow, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, white, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, red, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, green, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. It's play one to five. You can put down all the ones at once, all the twos, whatever. But you have to get from the id the perfect game. You have the all the ones, twos, threes, fours and fives out before you run out of tiles in the middle or time runs out or whatever. You just help the people figure out what's in their hand. You're like, hey, you have three ones like, okay, well we don't have anything on the board so I guess I can play them. So on and so forth. It's relatively simple. It like, it actually is relatively simple. I don't get it. That tracks Look where I am on the smart spectrum. You know that graph where it's like the dumb low IQ people are over here And then the really smart genius people over here.

(7m 34s):
I'm over on one of the extremes. Okay? And I'd like to think I'm on the smart side, right? And you're in the middle. I Thought you were that part of the neon sign that kind of fizzles and burns out when you approach. I don't know what that even is referring to. Nothing Man. Why are you interpolating? What I'm saying? I am listening to you and I'm trying to participate in the conversation. Why would I not interpolate? Okay, you've made two mistakes in that sentence. Oh, Which it was just talking. How could I make a mistake by just talking? Okay, maybe three. Help. Help. I'm being attacked. Help. Help. And it's a really pretty house you keep building. No, the graph, it's, it's, it's a distribution curve.

(8m 16s):
Bob's wife knows a lot about them. Statistics Don't bring her into this. This is your problem to deal with. So Over here, here, you know there's a dumb guy with the same opinion. It's like glover salt or something. And then they're me over here with saying glover salt and all of the people in the middle being like, I couldn't possibly do what they're saying. And I'm like, ha idiots. Right? Something about that's probably true. So the true, the the good thing is you always pick the dumb side because they're gonna be right 'cause it's the same, it's the same as the smart side in in the graph. Yeah. That tracks Anyway an abi fun game. Hard to find. Apparently it's sold out like everywhere. Is it new? They had a version that came out a while ago and then they had like a card version that you can actually find.

(8m 59s):
And then people were like, no, we want the tiles. So they made a deluxe two version that has the tiles but like it's sold out everywhere. And even places that say they have it, like you go to buy it and they're like, hmm, temporarily outta stock. You look up hanabi and I was looking at images. You click on the image tab, you do a search. Hanabi, it's, oh, it's the board game. You go to images. It's some, it's some lady from some game. Oh I searched Hanabi board game. That doesn't get me the lady Try searching Hanabi deluxe and then doing image search. And then the third image, which is from Gray Cat games shows the version I played. Oh I, I don't understand what this is. This looks complicated. I'm too stupid to get it. Wink, wink, wink. I couldn't possibly have an IQ that could tackle this wink wink Come in your eye.

(9m 44s):
Yeah, some winks and a bunch of genius ideas. Yeah. Hey we all love ideas. That's all the small talk you're gonna get outta me if I talk about anything at all. People get upset. Hanabi is probably on tabletop Who can't wait. Who gets upset? Everybody. They don't want to hear me talk about nothing. So I'm not gonna talk about nothing. You Do like dumb things. Wow, Okay. I like smart things and by association they're dumb. So you're calling me smart and I like smart things. Check mate. Well you like me. so I must be either smart and or dumb. Got it. Based on our inputs. Well I never denied that. I'm hungry Bob.

(10m 25s):
Is this good? Did we do It? I am. This is some of the most top tier small talk I think we've ever had. Guys, I got another news story. Oh, okay. Did you know that Grindr crashed in Milwaukee due to unprecedented traffic at the Republican national Convention? I heard about that. Yeah. What is, what is Grindr? Is that an app that's A dating app for gay? Is it gay men or is it just gay people and like queer people in general? I don't know if there's a woman. I'm guessing it's probably all Yeah, four L-G-B-T-Q. Oh there you go. That's a better way to say it. Yeah, no I heard about that to totally unrelated events. Totally unrelated. RNC taking place and crazy such crazy traffic on, on Grindr that the whole thing crashed in a specific location area.

(11m 11s):
Unrelatedly. It's weird. Oh I thought it was grandeur. I thought it was a grandeur app. are You on grande? Well, Yes, yes I am. Well it's sad dating app for aristocracy. Well speaking of RNC, we don't have a president anymore, which is kind of a president. Well he is president but like the president not running. That doesn't happen very often, does it? We Don't have a president anymore. He's gone. He walked up to the podium and he was like, How Often do presidents not rerun for election? Now that's kind of, that's gotta be uncommon. Washington did it for his third term but you know, so someone, probably someone in other that happens, It probably should happen more.

(11m 53s):
But you know, It's hard to appreciate unprecedented historical events taking place in a time where so many unprecedented historical events are happening. Oh, I got a list. Calvin Coolidge, Teddy Roosevelt, Ruthford b Hayes, James K. Polk and James Buchanan did not pursue reelection. Did I thought Lyndon b Johnson also was in that. I thought LBJ didn't really didn't want to but ended up doing it 'cause of the war. He declared that he would not run again. He announced in 1968 he was not running for reelection. He wasn't on that list. All I've heard lately about Lyndon b Johnson, which is a lot of a surprising amount of discussion, is about his huge penis and about how he would whip it out at any occasion and about how he was as tall as you guys and would use that to his advantage to intimidate people.

(12m 38s):
His penis was as tall as us or he was Both actually. But I'm way wider than his penis was. so I still win. It's Six foot, four penis pin is a pencil like Six foot four penis around. Oh God, wait, okay, you have a six foot four circumference. What's the diameter? Okay, diameter of six foot, four inch. Circle The diameter of a circle with a radius. A radius of six foot four would be 152 inches. It Would be 24, it'd be two feet wide. If it was six foot four around it's two feet wide. So more reasonable. I mean that's average, right? You Know that comic strip of the people who walk it like the hole that's shaped like them.

(13m 21s):
I wanna see that guy's hole shaped like That's him. And then a tube going straight down is like a human lollipop. He's like a human Popsicle shaped hole. I like how you call, you reduced that manga to a comic strip. I don't know much else about it other than that image of people go going into their hole. The entire works of June gito have been reduced to the equivalent of a Garfield gum strip with A dick hole With a, it doesn't have that yet yet. Artists, you know what to do, Ji. Come on Ji baby. How'd we get here? Where were we? Lyndon B Johnson Presidents. You mentioned President. Oh you brought us here. This is your topic win. You guys Mentioned grinder in the RNC.

(14m 2s):
That's what got me there. Well, Well I know I gotta get you there even faster, if you know what I mean. Grandeur. Grandeur. Well, well speaking of nonsense, I have a topic for today and it's nonsense. And so the great great segue everybody, keep it flowing. I'm, I have a a feeling I can't escape that we've done this before and I think it's 'cause we will have talked about some of these things before. But I, you know what I'm sick of? I'm sick of people on the internet asking stupid questions. Does pineapple belong on pizza? What color is the dress? Is a taco with sandwich? All of these things, all those Are cannolis. Listen, we'll get to that. Olives are cannolis Actually.

(14m 43s):
Yes. Stuffed olives definitely are, Olives are Cannolis stuffed. Olives are definitely Cannolis. That's an entirely different structure Before you stuff them. You know what else is in the middle of an olive? A pit? Well, you, you don't eat the pit. The pit's supposed to come Out. You don't have to eat the middle of a canola. You can just eat the crust. You Don't have to eat the cream. But its cream is meant to be eaten All. right? It's not a challenge. Whereas we, if you eat the pit, you're really tough. No one eats the pits. Maybe the pit of an olive is meant to be eaten. Just not by humanity. Maybe we're saving it for our gourmet alien Overlord. He's infected by an alien. I, I know it. No I'm not man. He just said everything's fine. What are you, what are you concerned about? Open your eyes. Anyway, I'm hoping to you guys bring, if you have any stupid questions that bother you that come up, we can talk about those two.

(15m 24s):
But I've just no talk number one, not olives, but I'm glad we got into the olive things. Olives are cannolis. It's decided. No, I vote. Yay. No, It's two to one. Mark loses. It's okay. Mark, I'm sure you'll have strong opinions about this one. I almost died. What did you do? Everything's Fine. Is your Floor the render farm? How Much square footage do you have for standing? What happened? You move like one foot. My headphone cords goes under my desk. So when I turned it like, you know, in Star Wars where they go around the walkers and they tie their legs, suddenly I was tied up. 'cause I turned to throw my bean thing at the door and I was like, I'm falling and I'm, I almost died.

(16m 12s):
It's too bad. You're not strong enough to break a tidy three millimeter wide wire. I didn't wanna break it. That was the problem. so I was trying to be delicate as I was tripping. A lot happened in a very short span of time. And it is fine. I I was cannoli myself. I was rolling into a cannoli. You would be a cannoli if you were covered in wire. What if the cream of the cannoli is a lot bigger than the shell? Is it still a cannoli? Just the tiny shell and big cream. If you can fit the cream and keep it erect. I don't think the cream is, yeah, the cream is not that stiff. The cream is much more flacid. Like let's say you had a shell of cannoli and then you just kept creaming.

(16m 56s):
There was just a lot. You'd have to brulay it at some point to keep it firm. Yeah. There's how what the structure, it would be meaningless. It'd be like you just spilled cream everywhere. But would it still count as a cannoli at that Point? The cannoli part would, yes. I feel like when you go to pick it up, whatever comes with the shell, that's your cannoli. But then there there's just a bunch of extra cream that's just everywhere else. That's not, no longer. are You saying though, Wade, at some point the cream becomes the dominant portion of the object? Yes. When you cross the cream threshold, is it no longer a cannoli? That's actually called an alo. Neck Editors play him backwards so people know what he just said.

(17m 37s):
Yeah, That'll read and Or just play cannoli backwards when you were trying to get your lonac And What are we talking about? Tacos? Tacos are a sandwich. Discuss why I'm correct. Go. Oh Man, this Is then don't you dare fucking put the cube rule in my face 'cause I'm familiar with it. No, we, we abolish the cube rule with the cannoli episode. This is actually extremely topical. But A tacos one shell, isn't it? Isn't the sandwich two pieces of bread? It doesn. It have to be two pieces of bread. No, I don't think so. Does That make a hot dog a sandwich? Yes. Oh, then yeah, you're fine.

(18m 17s):
Didn't I say hot dog sandwich or did I say taco sandwich? You said taco. Well, I meant to lead with hot dog, but I was gonna talk about both, both our sandwich. Yes, Because, because the original form of bread, as we all know, was some type of pita, right? Or something like that. Peta, the horse is here. And what is a pita, if not a soft shell, soft tortilla. I am declaring those are equivalent to the world. Someone. Oh boy, Be mad at me. I dare you and I stand by this opinion and I will never back down. You are wrong. I don't care how much history and culture you represent. I'm right.

(18m 58s):
And another thing. Okay. Anyway, A sandwich is not a cannoli. A cannoli is a different thing. Don't conflate this. A taco is a sandwich. A ta dog is a sandwich. A corn dog is a cannoli. Okay? But if the center of any of these things is alive, is it still that thing? He's talking about the bird? Yeah. No, that was, that was a alive, alive baby bird sandwich is what that was. What if you kept rolling it become a cannoli. Yeah, but it's not there yet. That's a total different. But but it wasn't and it's not. That's a different thing. Well, it Might have just been unwrapped for the photo. Maybe it was, I don't wanna drag us back to the cannoli thing too hard. But a cannoli cannot be unrolled. The nature of a cannoli is that it is a cannoli And. it will remain a cannoli.

(19m 39s):
It does not unroll. Once rolled it is a cannoli And it will not unroll. Okay, what if you just bite the top half and then it's exposed to the middle. Is it no longer a cannoli? That's called a cream boat. And that sails along the river of air That leads to my mouth. Okay. Yes. And I, I I I wanna also bring up the, the famed scholar that we all know the name of. But you know, rest in peace be his name. Who found that the original translation for taco is actually from some country. This is getting offensive. I'm backing outta this. I am putting all the blame out of the frame of my video. Hey, you got some blame in my video. You got some video in my blame.

(20m 20s):
Oh, that's pretty good. If you keep rolling a sandwich. Do you make a cannoli All? Right? We're getting really bogged down in the cannoli stuff, but yes. Oh yeah. The answer to your question is, what was the question? A taco, it wasn't a question. It was a bold declaration. A taco is a sandwich. A hot dog is a sandwich. These are sandwiches. It's called making do with what you have. Sometimes you only have one piece of bread and you want a sandwich and you're not gonna be stopped by these loose definitions of taco and nonsense. Really, you're gonna make your sandwich with what you have because not everyone has the privilege of two slices of bread. Hey, I'd make do with you.

(21m 0s):
Thanks. What was the question? Yeah, Bob. You're right. Thank you.

(21m 5s):
This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive, but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited talk and text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, Goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A, CT IBE $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details.

(22m 7s):
The other one, this is an easy one, but I'm curious what you guys think. Pineapple and pizza. Tell me the correct answer so we could stop talking about this. I don't care, I don't wanna see this talked about on Twitter anymore. What is the right answer and why? Is it yes, pineapple can go on pizza. I Love both. I don't want it on my pizza. Are we supposed to defend your bad, bad, bad opinion here? Your stupid dumb, wrong opinion. You don't have to defend anything. I'm, I'm, we're settling this. If you're both united against me, I, it might turn out that I'm incorrect. That's possible. That's host. I don't accept that, but it is possible that Is what happened. So You guys are both No pineapple on pizza. Yeah. No pineapple. No. Is it the sweet? Is it 'cause it's sweet or what? Why no pineapple on pizza. This isn't Really a debate show.

(22m 47s):
This is a yes or no show, Bob. And we gave you the, no, Do you like barbecue sauce on pizza? Like barbecue chicken? No. Well, That's wrong. If you're Gonna do anything on a pizza, that would be buffalo chicken, not barbecue. I, I prefer pepperoni and bacon and pretty much nothing else. Yeah. Pepperoni and black olives for me, please. What? That's what that's been my pizza order since forever. Cannolis. No, that's right. Okay. Mark likes cannolis on his pizza. Got it. Can I, can I regale you? Oh, Regale. Yes. May I Regale? Yes. Show me some grandeur. Yes, I was in Iceland. Oh, here we go again. We know I've been craving a, a hankering for reindeer since I got there.

(23m 27s):
That or horse I would've taken either. Oh, We took a turn somewhere. What? What, what? Sorry. Okay, mark. Mark wants to eat horse continue. Regale. Regale. I would love to eat horse look All. right? But this is so, I, it is hard to find, hard to get. I got a little bit of horse, like tiny bit this much, but it wasn't really, I couldn't taste it. It was so surrounded by the other things. So there was this other place that had a reindeer, right? And I was like, oh, I'll try that. I'll try it. This workshop. Well I don't think so, but you know, I, I I couldn't tell you. But anyway, it was part of a five course meal. What was the Appetizer? Children you monster. What's Wrong with a reindeer? That's, look you what you got Anyway. This isn't part of the story.

(24m 7s):
The story is, I didn't even get to taste the reindeer because they slathered it with like blackberry jam and I couldn't taste the delicious savory reindeer, the mouth watering delicious reindeer. I would, I would tear into a horse's ass. I didn't get it 'cause I couldn't taste it. 'cause too much fruit. I don't want no fruit with no meat. And shut up about an olive being a fruit. Shut up about the shut up about the olive. And olive is definitely a fruit. You're correct about that. That's definitely true. It's, it's a, it's an acceptable fruit. Right? Well so do you like barbecue sauce on anything?

(24m 49s):
Oh yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Because barbecue sauce is just a fruit sauce that also has some vinegar in it. Really? Well, You know. Yeah. But that, that's besides the point. It's not near pizza Barbecue. Chicken pizza is one of the greatest types of pizza. There is point number one. Point number two. Wade. Why don't you like pineapple on pizza? Is it the sweet thing or is it something else? I listen, I'm just a simple guy when it comes to pizza. You gimme cheese, you gimme pepperoni, you gimme bacon. I'm happy more than that. Gimme a salad or fruit salad or something I guess. I don't know. I don't need anymore pineapple I love but like, I like cold, fresh pineapple. I don't want it cooked. That is something, the warm fruit aspect also is a bit tough to get around You. Do you not like the, the pineapple that you can get at Fogo?

(25m 32s):
The roasted seed. The roasted cinnamon coated pineapple thing that they have at the Brazilian steakhouse. They have the cold salad bar with sliced pineapple. I'll eat the shit outta that. Similarly Lily. Whoa. New word. Go On. Go on. Similarly, There's a lot of like Korean restaurants and fusion Korean stuff that they put sugar in everything. Where ordinarily the dishes would be traditionally savory or salty. Sugar And water. That's Another alien in a skin suit reference. Give me sugar i a pet cat. Anyway, continue. Really A world.

(26m 12s):
Maybe you could get that back. Oh that's my truck. I don't know why this is, It was the accuracy, it was the unexpectedness of it. But then the accuracy of the Edgar impression Under underrated. By the way, I was just talking about this with bird when I was in Virginia. I was talking about this with everybody. What's his name? Vincent Donofrio. Is that the actor's name who plays Edgar? Is that right? Maybe. Yeah, that sounds correct. Maybe He played like private pile. He plays the Fisk. Anyway. That Edgar work. Dude, that would be so hard to do just to keep that up. Like the contortion, the way he like moved around. Oh yeah, no, he very underrated performance. Just doing like a one line impression.

(26m 52s):
Kinda like, oh God, I feel a little like sick. But like the way he would just do a whole scene like like Oh God, love it. He really, really seemed like an alien was in his body and not able to move correctly. I don't know how he did it. Is that Better? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Anyway. What were we talking about? Pineapple? No. Yeah. Give it to me on the side. Yeah. Nah, nah boo boo. Okay. It's decided even though we're wrong, it's decided. This is one I don't have strong feelings about but apparently comes up a lot. I, I'm just sort of sick of seeing it. What's the correct amount of ice cream to get on an ice cream cone? You guys have strong opinions about this.

(27m 32s):
Oh Interesting. Are we talking scoops or are we talking soft serve? I Would say let's do scoop. Soft serve is one you can eat soft serve way faster. But I would say let's talk scoops. Two scoops. Two scoops. Two scoops. That's a lot though. Is it? Is it two big scoops or two small scoops? Two normal. Just medium scoops. Not like greater scoops. Two greater scoops to be too much. Can I Regale You? You're regaling a lot but I'm gonna allow another. No, I actually have a story from my childhood that I don't think I've ever told anybody. But it's, I am traumatized against two scoops on cones for a very specific reason. This is absolutely true. My dad worked at an office that was above an ice cream parlor, like an old school ice cream parlor.

(28m 14s):
Oh, fancy. Sorry, go on Ly. I also had ice cream once. Look, I'm regaling, I'm regaling. I have the regale. So he had an office that was above ice cream. And so he would give me and my brother money to either go to the Ameri stop across the street or the ice cream parlor down below. We ate really healthy but when I went down there, we went down there a lot. So the owner of the ice cream parlor, who was like this lovely old man or to me as a kid, seemed like an old man, you know, white hair, you know, just like really friendly. Always smiling. That's what I remember. And so one day I go down there and, and as I would go he would give me bigger and bigger scoops.

(28m 55s):
'cause he was just like, oh you you little scam, there's a little more. And he would always give me two. And even though I paid for one, one time, I go down there and he gives me my two scoops. And it, this huge two scoops. And these other people were in there just before me. They ordered one scoop And. it was a tiny piddly scoop. So they saw me go up and I was like, I have ice cream please. Cookies and cream or something like that. And they see him put two scoops and he, they see him charge me for one. These kids literally started accosting the owner of this ice cream parlor, demanding to know why I got two scoops and they got one and my scoops were way bigger.

(29m 35s):
They brought up all these indifferences and meanwhile I'm just kid there with my two scoops Going. And then they were like, to me they were like fists flying everywhere. But in reality they were just like, Hey, why this kid, this shitty little kid get two scoops. And we only got one each other for one. And so I, I don't remember anything happening after that or before that. That memory sticks out in my mind as to why two scoops are evil. The owner was like, well he is multiplier. And they went, oh. And then he was like, you know what, I'm gonna get him the octopus. The octopus. And then you know, they turn to me and they say like, Hey, like 6-year-old me, I've been watching your videos for 20 years.

(30m 16s):
Oh this Gonna to be Because with fans say all the time they'll say they've been watching me for longer than I've been making videos. Anyway, that's an, that's another Thing I've been watching you since 2007. There Was even another YouTuber that I was talking to that said like, Hey man, I remember when you were really hitting big in like 2010. Man, I was, I was watching you when I was in school And. it was just crazy. I was like, oh man, who do they think I am? They're like, you're one of the OG YouTubers. I'm like, oh man. I started five years. The only thing we were hitting big in 2010 was the books. 'cause we were in college. Were we? We were, we were, we were. I just don't remember studying a lot. Remember a lot of bdubs. Okay, so two scoops is too much. It's the moral of Mark's story.

(30m 56s):
It's just two scoops is the only amount of scoops that I cannot abide. See, The problem was that the two scoops, the problem was they got one, if they'd had two, your story would've had a different ending. Yes, exactly. One scoop wasn't enough. Yeah. Was actually the moral of your story. The, the story, the moral of the story was injustice. That I should never have become friends with the owner. I shouldn't have been as cute as I was as a kid. It's, it's terrible that I earned those two scoops. I should never have, I shouldn't have reached above my station. It does sound like our conclusion is that the answer is two scoops mark. No, He was happy with two scoops. The other kids wanted two scoops. Everyone wanted the floor to be two Scoops. You're right. I guess.

(31m 36s):
I guess that is true. You're not traumatized because of how much ice cream there was. You're traumatized because of what happened surrounding the ice cream. But the ice cream was so perfect it caused that to happen. I see it now. The problem wasn't me having two scoops, it was them not having two scoops. I am looking at it from a selfish perspective. The real problem was the friends we made along the way. I would like to formally apologize. Hey, hey, I made some mistakes. All, right? That's my cat. What are my Scoops? Okay, All, right Bob, what else you got? You got your shitty pineapple, your shitty ice cream. What else you got? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going. I'm going. This is one I already know the answer to.

(32m 18s):
So I'm hoping you agree with me. Do fish have necks? And I don't mean physiologically, I don't mean do an X-ray and look at what vertebra they do or do not have. I mean if you were dressing a fish in a button down shirt, does a fish have a neck or does the shirt go right on their chin? I Don't even think fish have heads. They're just mouths on bodies. Oh bold. Would the head be that if the fish is like this, imagine in your mind's eye ever want to fish haha to those who can't. I guess the eye part to the back of the fish, the tail part is that the top head part? It's obvious to me what the correct answer is.

(32m 60s):
Imagine the side profile of a fish. You stand it upright so that the tail is the legs and the head is the top part and then the neck is whatever space there is between the the fin that's on their side, which is essentially their arm. My god. Right up under where their gills are because the gills are just ears that can breathe. There's a neck in there. I'll just picture the fish from SpongeBob. And they wear shirts. Yes. And they turn their heads And. it turned your head neck. Yes. Oh Whoa. Don't google Fish with neck. I'm gonna Google fish with Nick. Don't I have to Google fish with neck?

(33m 40s):
No. What are you so concerned about? Go to the images and start scrolling down if you want. Ho ho. Oh no, I told you. I see, I see, I see about that. I told you I don't, God dang. That's not really with as much as it's in. Oh It's with All, right? It is with that neck. Oh Yeah. Well I tried to warn you guys. I try to, I even if I'm warning the people listening right now, I'm warning you don't That's a real, that's a real warning. That's very graphic. Ah. Oh. Ah. That guy is clearly fine though. Yeah, he's not even really bleeding much. It's just so that you don't have to look.

(34m 20s):
I guess for listeners it is graphic. Phish have pointy noses and pointy things can go through things and things include necks. And so if you google this, one of the pictures that comes up more than once is a pointy fish that's interacting with a neck in a way that makes you go, oh whoa. Yeah. So don't do it. Don't whatever you do, stop. 'cause I know you were thinking about it. Don't. And this is why I never go near the ocean. Good Reason. Good reason. Good Reason. What about a lake? Lakes are just shitty oceans. Yeah. Yeah. Do you Avoid lakes? I don't know anymore. I don't know what the truth is. Since doing this podcast, I don't even know what my real opinions are.

(35m 2s):
We're talking about animals and necks. This is another one that comes up and yes, there is a correct answer to this. Assume that a giraffe needs to wear a neck tie. Is the neck tie at the top of the neck or at the base of the neck? Where does it go? All. right? So if we're thinking about this, okay, forget the tie. You're Forget your question. Turtleneck. A turtleneck, right? Yes, sure. If a giraffe had a turtleneck it would be all the way up, right? That's irrefutable and then that's the collar of the turtleneck. The base of the collar is where the tie goes. If you flip up a collar, it would just, you know, be more collar.

(35m 43s):
But the tie goes under the collar. Okay. But When you flip up a collar, the collar always like hits you in the bottom of the neck. It's really annoying to deal with. Would a giraffe Look good in a turtleneck? You think it could pull it off? I think A giraffe would look very learned in a turtleneck. This is why AI was made. Alright, so Bob, let me give you my opinion. I agree so far. I think comically high at the top, but like serious event, you know wedding tuxedo bow tie tie, it's down at the base of the neck. I don't know if it's at the top. It really doesn't have the kind of cohesion with the rest of the outfit because again, where's the collar? The collar, it'd Have a pop collar and the pop collar would be really tall. The correct answer obviously is that the tie goes part of the way up the neck but not all of the way up the neck because the collar it The collar, it would be a wide tie and a wide collar.

(36m 33s):
But it would go less than a third of the way up. The total length of Jura neck on people. The collar for a tie goes up your neck a bit, but it does not go all the way up to your chin And. it does not sit all the way down on your collarbone. Your tie actually comes kind of where your atoms apple is almost depending on how long your neck is and other factors. So the top of your collar does, but the tie sit just a little below The tie. The but the bulge of the tie comes straight off where the top button of your collar is supposed to be. That's how it's supposed to be. So it would, a tie should be about a third of the way or less up a graf's neck. Well If you think about a giraffe's neck too, the spine and the top are a little bit higher than the base of the neck.

(37m 15s):
So doing it your way, it would be kind of like even with the back of the giraffe, It's dictated by the shoulders. I have something that might help this situation. I have an illustrative example because before I show this I would like to bring up mermaids. Sure. Oh dude, I had a big crush on Ariel. Just shells covering boobs. Yes Please. I don't think that's what we're talking about. But You better not have the reverse mermaid. I hate that. That's not called a mermaid. That's called an inverter made. Ooh, This is fucking licious again. Dude. Why do you got that on the brain so much? You've been playing it. That's literally what it was. Minus the clothes.

(37m 55s):
Well the clothes are an important part of it. I think that that's, that's fair. But All right? No go on Wade. That's It. All, right. As you can see, this is a giraffe in a suit. Yep. Kind of The collar and therefore the tie would be at the base where the shies are. If you look at the proportion, that's not the entire length of a normal giraffe's neck. Oh Are you suggesting that the, this is halfway up. The shoulders of the human are meeting the graf's neck. Approximately the same area as the shoulders of a giraffe on like Wade was saying 'cause the spine curves up and they're sort of shoulder joints and stuff.

(38m 37s):
That was the correct proportion. It looked right. That picture looked like it should with a giraffe wearing a tie. But that was not the full length and girth of a giraffe neck. Hold on, I have more evidence. Irrefutable. Yeah, there's Six feet around Round. Alright, check this out and check mate. That's up the neck. No, it's look at the shoulders. I feel like this still supports my position. Now. Wait, well What about this? There's no tie. That looks wrong. Doesn't that look wrong also, there's no tie. He is correct. Well it's a collar. It's where, it's where the tie would be here. Here's The problem with this image. A normal giraffe body, again, the very back would start to flatten and curve out. Whereas the neck would dip down a little bit more like Bob was saying and the neck kind of, if I like, lemme look at just giraffe.

(39m 23s):
Normal giraffe. Can't imagine one in your mind. This guy can't imagine giraffes even. I can imagine giraffes. What are you doing over here? Wade? I Don't know man. I honestly, I didn't realize giraffe necks had a hump. Yeah they do. There's a big, there's a big backside hump situation like between their shoulders. Right. When does the hump become back at the top of the hump or the base of the hump? Oh it's got like fake shoulders. Oh it's, it's traps. I would say above that is where neck starts. That's kind of my argument. Yeah, the hump. The hump on the neck is sort of at the start of the neck in terms of where the fur and stuff makes it look like it. But the neck really is above that. That's all shoulder substructure. Jar is such a weird animal. The longer I'm looking at it, the weirder it gets.

(40m 5s):
Have you ever seen him drink water? No. They, they, so they're tall, right? And their legs don't really bend very gracefully when they drink water, they stick their legs out straight but make them as wide as they can and then they reach their head down between their straight splayed out legs and they're all Giraffes look like the first animals that came out on No Man's Sky when it launched. Giraffe is one of the few animals where the actual animal looks like what it looks like when a kindergartner tries to draw it. I think I'm with Bob on the tie, but man that's a weird, I Think it was, if it was halfway up the neck it'd look really dumb. But I, I don't Know. It's not halfway it's, it's like a third of the way or less. It depends on how big their traps are more than anything.

(40m 45s):
Oh, so just over the traps. It's over the shoulders and I'm just arguing that the shoulders includes that sort of pump Area. Oh, okay. Well that we're okay. We're all in agreement then. Okay, we're fine. It's less, less than half and really less than a third of the way up the neck. Prob. Okay, well now we know how drafts should dress. So giraffes take note. I dunno this, this last one I feel like I'm gonna lose on Mark. Haven't you had horse if you ate Glue as a kid is all glue horse. I didn't, I didn't eat glue as a kid. All glue is horse but some glue is horse. Why do you think I ate Glue as a kid? Oh, we all know Mark ate glue as a kid. That's not really. Yeah, Just one of those rumors that I thought was true. I didn't get glue.

(41m 25s):
I got in a piss fight as a kid. Well who hasn't? Did you win? I don't know. I'm not Sure. There are no winners in a piss fight. Fight. That's the rule of piss fight. Ah, I see, I see All, right? I, this one I like I say I think I'm gonna lose 'cause you guys suck and everyone else sucks and everyone's wrong and I hate everybody. Peanut butter. Assuming you don't live with and or handle a lot of, spend a lot of time around someone like Ethan who's deathly allergic to peanuts and you do actually have peanut butter around or eat peanut butter. Crunchy or smooth. Smooth. Why Are you a crunchy man? Oh Everybody look, it's a crunchy Man. Crunchy peanut butter is just better peanut butter.

(42m 5s):
Oh My god. I love peanuts. I love honey roasted peanuts. I love chocolate covered peanuts. But you make me a sandwich and it's got crunch on it. I'm gonna be pissed off. Yeah. Nobody likes texture on a sandwich. That's what I like is mushy bread with mushy jam and mushy peanut butter. Hey You leave my mushy bread out of this. I Like to pretend I'm already 80 years old and have no teeth and I can just gum everything down. So yeah, I don't want crunch. You Don't even have to chew the peanuts and crunchy peanut butter. It's just texture. They're just so inconvenient. What is inconvenient about them? There's crunch Everything. They're harder to spread, they're harder to eat. It's a surprise that you don't want, It's not a surprise if you make it and and or if you ask if I was starving on a deserted island and all I had was unlimited supply of crunchy peanut butter, I die just like with cannibalism because I'm that tough and hate that and don't want it.

(42m 55s):
What if You spread crunchy peanut butter on people, then they'd cancel out and you can eat that. That's not how food works. Food is only additive. No, it's right. It's a double negative. That actually checks out. I'm sorry, you got negative food over there. You got inverse food. You got the anti food, huh? Yeah, I got, I got negative food. Hang on. You wanna see, Have you ever watched the anti food network? No. Have you? This is anti food mark. That's a wrapper. This is a chapstick argument all over again. That's, that's Chapstick is or is not in a container. What is? It's in a container. It's not a container. The container is part of it. I think it's a container. But if You remove it from the container, it's still chapstick. If you got Chapstick without a container, you couldn't use it.

(43m 36s):
How would you carry that around? Anywhere you'd need a container, You hire someone to hold it in their hand and walk behind you. Then you just dab it out. That's a container. That's just a human container. Yeah, exactly. He is containing the Chapstick. If you have Chapstick you use it all up and you're like, oh shit. All I got left is a big nothing. But like milk's always in a container, but a container's not a crucial part of milk. Yes It is. If you Spray milk on the ground, it's still milk. If you went to a store and you were like, I need milk. And they were like, here's a 30,000 gallon vat of milk. Take as much as you want. But you can't put it into a container. You couldn't fucking get any milk, could you? Yeah, You could.

(44m 16s):
You just put your face in there and start slurping. I am not over This Chapstick is at least partially a container. What If chapstick is on your lips? Do your lips count as a container? It is containing the fluid That is post use. That's like arguing that milk that you're pissing into the toilet doesn't need a container. 'cause it's piss now. I don't know, it's Still chapstick on my lip because I can scrape it off and put it on you. No, 'cause it absorbs into your skin or gets wiped off. It's chapstick as it gets used Historically. The milk man, the milk man went door to door with a fucking milk hose and as soon as you were sucker enough to open that Door, B Hold out your babies.

(44m 56s):
The milk hose is coming. Hold up, get your baby. Put the milk funnel in your baby's mouth so it could get in there. Hold it up dude. Homeland would be eating good. I'm familiar with who that is, but I don't watch that show. He's bad, right? He's like evil Superman. Is that his character He drinks? No, he, it is more booby milk that he likes. It is booby milk he likes Is a, is a boob a container? I would not say it's primarily a container, but it certainly acts as one. Anyway, I'm not over the Chapstick thing and I'm glad you brought that up. Happy to do it Anyway. But I'm not on your side with the crunchy peanut butter. It's just an abysmal experience. Well you're you're both wrong. And as hosts, I usurp this one and crunchy peanut butter is the right kind of peanut butter. Here's My thing against peanut butter in general, not the, the, the allergy side aside.

(45m 41s):
Peanuts are not a complete protein. Peanuts are missing a, an essential protein. I I don't remember which one. That's Why you add jelly. A lot of protein jelly They miss, they don't have methionine, which is an essential amino acid. One that your body cannot produce. So all the claims of like this peanut butter has This many Grams of protein. Some of that is usable. But if it doesn't have one of the essentials, like your body can't synthesize to make up that gap. I already have two meth thigh and my knee. Just give him the point. I know you're gonna give him a point for that. I know you're gonna do it. And he's writing. He's writing.

(46m 22s):
I Knew it. I wasn't gonna But if you're gonna say give him the poem. No, you were already writing. You were already writing before I, yes, I knew it. I'm the missing protein you need in your life. Mark. You can have a thigh and my knee. I missed the first character. Hey, say the joke as the alien. My thigh and my knee got 'em both. See Mark likes it now. Smooth like peanut butter. You gotta work your way up. If you want the crunch. Don't bite my dick. What? Hum. Anyway, what's next? We win. Did I win Anyway? Peanut crunchy. Peanut butter is the correct one, but I I'm with you Mark. You know what? Is there a nut that you could make a butter from? That is, I'll give you a nut. I think sunflower is complete.

(47m 4s):
Is and sunflower butter actually does taste very Good. I believe it. I love sunflower seeds. It's too bad that if you could just let one handful, it's like a thousand calories just like your entire day's. Nutrition can be getting out of like a tiny jar. Yeah. One cup has 72 grams of fat, 28 grams of sugar and or carbs and 29 grams of protein. How is Their fat in a sunflower seed? What are they doing? It's All fat. It's like all fat Dude flowers love that shit. But yes, it's, it is complete. It's probably low in one or something like that. Most, most times. Anything that's not, if, if it's like plant-based proteins, typically it is missing like one of the essential amino acids if it is complete. That's why if you're a vegetarian or vegan, it's important to plan your diet so that you have complimentary protein sources.

(47m 48s):
Yeah. Don't forget your meat. Yeah. Yeah. You vegans out there. Don't forget your meat. Come on. What if instead of dirt, you planted flowers in meat? I think that's called a mushroom. That's crazy. Anyway, I had one more, but now it feels mean to get into Oh, maybe it'll be quick. You know what, maybe we'll just do this one quick. Yeah. I feel like there's a right answer. Some of us here are one of these things and one of us here is the other one of these things. So we're gonna have to pick a side. But is it better to be tall or short? How short? How tall? I would say like one standard deviation away from the, the median of, so like the average height in America, the average height of like a guy is like five 10.

(48m 30s):
If you're like just over six foot or like 5 6, 5 7 or something. Like not, not as, even as tall as Wade and I are, 'cause I would say Wade and I are pretty up there in pushing 6, 4, 6, 5 territory. Like if, if five 10 is average then it would be like five six or six two because the answer is very clear in that, in that answer six two It's it's tall. Right? For sure. But as that grows, I don't know. I'm not a hundred percent sure which one comes with more. I, I already feel like as tall as I am is on the edge of, I almost would rather be short in just from like hitting my head on things fitting into like cars, like passenger compartments and airplane seats.

(49m 16s):
My width is a separate issue from my height. Well my knees don't ever fit anywhere they're supposed to. If there's a seat where there's something in front of it, my knees are gonna hit the absolute fuck out of whatever is in front of me. It's gonna, it's gonna hurt. It's not, I'm not gonna fit. Right. I would rather be, so if, if I'm six, I'm six four. So that would mean I would be like five. Five. That's Because we lit a bunch of like Napoleon syndrome, tiny CEOs design these fucking planes and like ma maximize number of occupants rather than comfort. If we got to rule the world, Bob, that wouldn't be a problem. Do you think the CEOs are designing the planes? Definitely The engineers are like, this is what it should be and they're like fit more people. I'm only five one.

(49m 56s):
So here's the thing, one of the benefits of of being average height is everything's made for me. so I think I can speak to that idea is like I do fit pretty much everywhere that is designed to fit a bunch of people. However, that being said, I flew Coach one of the last times I was flying around and usually I do comfort Plus I was just like, I'll do comfort Plus, that'll be nice. It's, it's nice. It gets real crammed in there in the back. It is. Even me, my knees were touching the front, the next seat in front of me Cannot do it. I can't sit and coach it like, And it's like you, you guys couldn't fit back there. You just Couldn't. It is full man spread. Yeah. And then whenever they come by with the cart, literally I always get like my knee is fucking rammed into by the drink cart every time.

(50m 42s):
Yeah, no, that's a, I can't man spread. I actually have to fold my legs in and then back so that my thighs like point down and my knees tuck under. Oh God. Oh god. Because if I, if I go any wider, the cart just absolutely fucking tears the skin off the side of my leg or like every person that tries to go past touches me all the way down, which I hate. so I, I actually sit, I sit down and then cross my legs and then tuck them up under myself so that my legs are kind of angled down and like damn, it's horrific. I can't, it's awful. Your testicles in a vice just Oh that, that the rest is so uncomfortable. I barely even notice that.

(51m 23s):
But yes, Those long gone For the tiny Dick syndrome designers who are like maximized number of occupants rather than comfort. A hundred percent. Probably better to be short. But why are You so insulting to the designers? Wade fucking hates engineers because People who make planes with no fucking room to sit or monsters, You're right, we should move to the Standing Coach model Or the bicycle model. We designed a bag on three pins where we just pedal Where your kids are in a separate compartment when you're threatening your kids' lives. If you don't pedal enough. No. Yeah, the kids are on the wings in drop. Oh no. Yeah, they were in the cargo bay and in above the drop doors for the bump 'cause it's a decommissioned beef.

(52m 4s):
42, fuck fuck B 52. But the King's Island King Cobra seed is actually the correct solution. Well anyway, tall it is. I feel like we decided lots of good stuff. Crotchy peanut butter, two scoops of ice cream. No pineapple on pizza. I'll concede that one. That's fine. I guess even though it's very hypocritical and I think bullshit tall is good. All kinds of good decision and so just public announcement. Then if you're on the internet, you don't get to fucking discuss any of these anymore. These are all decided as your uncle's second favorite podcast. We have the internet authority to just put these rulings out there so no more debates about this anywhere on the internet. Thank you. I appreciate that. This is an episode for our thinkers. We've had watchers listed this for the Thinkers.

(52m 46s):
No more thinking Next episode's for the feelers. Oh, that's what I was gonna say. Next episode's for the feelers. That's the next. Oh babe, I Disagree. Well it's a good thing I probably won so That seems false. We'll see about that, won't we? Anyway, here we go. Mark, you got points for, that's all I had. Being humble with a question mark. Help help this. A lot of this six foot four around near death spin around, fuck you and your culture regaling us just, wow, I don't know what that one means. Regaling us again. Ha ha ha. A fantasia fish neck, tall points, congratulations and piss fight points.

(53m 27s):
Oh, thank You man, that doesn't paint a very good picture of me this episode. Wade, you got points for high. It's relatively simple being an alien. You like dumb things. I'm a dumb thing. Artists, you know, you grande olives are cannoli revelation and well also flirting with me your unbelievable Edgar impression. That's multiplier kissing my ass. No man's giraffe. Double fuck. I always make fun of you for having bad handwriting, but I don't really know what that, and also metha in my knees. Mark, you got a total of 14 points over the course of this episode and Wade in the stunning revelation, you earned a total of 15 points over the course of this episode, which means that Wade is the winner.

(54m 19s):
Was it The dumb ass metha in my knee one? Was it really? It was really the one that broke the, the giraffes hump. It really was. You had a lot of pushback on the Giraff tie situation mark, which was unfortunate 'cause I think we all ultimately were in agreement on that one, but that was it. That was a good, I'm glad we settled all that. If I see anyone debating these things online, I'm fucking come delete your internet Editors. Cut his sentence off at, I'm gonna fucking come. I'm gonna fucking come. Just cut it right there. Congratulations, Wade and condolences to Mark. Let's do a winter speech first. Thank You so much for having me. There's no need to debate because well, we're here for your new alien overlords.

(54m 59s):
We've already decided everything for you anyway, so don't waste your breath. Just start making things that we like. We'll all be happy. Okay, mark loser speech. The only thing I gotta say to those alien sons of bitches is the only thing we're gonna make for you is a bunch of lead and it's gonna go, don't worry. Delivery's gonna be express next day. Air am delivery before 9:00 AM It's coming right at you to your doorstep. Signature required Like lead-based paint. That sounds good. Thanks. Yeah, You gonna get a bullet this big, right to your dome Is a bullet, a cannoli. The bullet is a cannoli 'cause it's got a full metal jacket.

(55m 42s):
Anyway, congratulations. That means Wade's gonna host the next one. Make sure you check out our merch at Distractible store.com. Check out Mark and Wade at Market Pull Hire and Lord Minion 7, 7, 7 where million 7, 7 7 and mine is out there too. Just Google Mark's friend will come up and yeah, I'll delete your internet and I'll come. Don't talk about these topics ever again. Okay, bye bye, podcast out.