
This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola creations. You love the taste of Coca-Cola and love the cookie crunch of Oreos. But what happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best becomes besties? Try the new Coca-Cola zero sugar Oreo limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company, copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


Let us not believe that things will Hal as we venture back and explore the Distractible vault. It's time for The most cast moments. I just remembered a dream I had the other night and I want to talk about it. 'cause you guys know I have nightmares a lot. And this is just a common thing a lot of people probably know out there. But I went a stint without 'em for a while there. I think I was just so exhausted every night. I was barely dreaming anyway. But I had this dream where I wasn't in the dream first person perspective in my own body. I was watching a video that was recorded of these events that I was in and I could see myself, but it was like I wasn't watching past events.


They were occurring real time. Very confusing. So anyway, I was in the video that I was watching, which was just to imagine like, I'm not even like looking on a tablet, it's just full screen in my brain playing. But I'm from the camera's perspective and I see myself run around doing something. I don't know, we were in a like a house or something, recording something and there was this lady that was recording that I did not know she was blonde and she had extremely like thick, curly hair, looked exactly like ramen noodles, you know, like uncooked ramen noodles, like blah blah, blah. As hair does more ramen than hair. Anyway, so we're running around and then I slip and fall. I see myself slip and fall in the video and I smash the back of my head into a table.


And I am like in pain in a way that I know I'm in pain, but I'm not in pain, if that makes sense. But I'm seeing it. I'm like, oh guys, stop recording. Stop recording. And this lady just like gets closer and closer with the camera, like zooms in and I can see like the back of my head, it's bleeding and the like, the skull is cracked open. I can see the inside of my head and she's just like still filming. And I'm telling her like, you gotta stop recording. Like you gotta call a hospital or something. And then not only does she do that, she starts peeling away pieces of the back of my head, like the skin flaps, just ripping them off. Oh man, I can feel it. I'll be like, ah, fucking stop that. Rips more. Rips more until my brain is exposed. Reaches in with the camera right here, pulls out what looks like this like about, I don't know, three inches long, a gray veiny sack of something.


It looks like she literally just took some of my gray matter right outta my brain and pulled it out. And when she did that, when it was like, it was like, eh, and then snap, I woke up and I've been having this thing where when I wake up from a nightmare, if I look into say a sliver of light through the door, I'll see letters and numbers suddenly go flying by at like maximum speed. I want to know if anyone else has that phenomenon. Like you're fully awake and you know you're awake and you see this. Or yeah, I'm awake. And I look at the light and there's just letters and numbers flying by and like, like just a whole random assortment. The matrix is breaking my dude. And usually it was only in a sliver of light when I woke up from this one. And I felt like that thing snapped. My whole ceiling in the darkness was just covered in letters and numbers.


Sprinting by this is all true. I'm not bullshitting. I mean it's not true that there were letters on my ceiling. I hate that a lot. I really Dislike that Very much, but I don't know what that's about. But I remembered the dream and I remembered it so specifically because at the very end of it, this lady fucking looked dead in the camera and looked right at me. That actually was my dream. And you know what I remembered? I had this exact same dream when I was a kid. I remembered it so specifically because you know that gray veiny sack that I remembered being pulled outta my head, I remembered because I was scared of that as a kid. That's something my mom ate in her ramen.


It's a fish's egg sack. And I remember because I looked up a picture of that and it's so weird because I backtraced it to my nightmare as a kid. And I'm like, oh fuck, that's what that was of my nightmare when I was a child. It was, and that's why the lady and I said she had ramen like hair is because literally it's, I've never had a dream be so literal of something like from my childhood, it was this weird, if you look up like a, an edible fish, egg sack, you might find this gray one that's been cooked And, it looks like what could be brain, but it's, it's an egg sack. And she would eat that in her ramen. And that's why I had this dream and I've never had anything.


So yeah, it's awful. Like it doesn't look very edible. I don't know what if I found the right thing, but hello? Hey, it looks like brain, right? It in a way it looks like brain. Oh yeah. Kind of. No, yeah, I can see that. Yeah. That's very not pleasant. Yeah. So if for everyone listening, look it up at your own peril. But I, I literally had that dream as a kid. Not the exactly the same of looking through a camera, but in a similar way of falling, cracking my head open and having someone pull a piece of my brain out that's, and I was like, oh, that's what that was. Who's the ramen in the fish egg in it. Oh, okay. So anyway, yeah, that's a dream I had When I was very young, like three, four years old, maybe even younger.


My grandparents used to like have my cousin and I like take a bath together and you know, when we were really little, but like I had this image in my mind of like what a female body like looked like just based on being a kid. And when we got to the point in life where we got health class, I remember like learning about, you know, the different anatomies between boys and girls And, it dawned on me like, wait, girls have babies. How do they pee? Well there's a baby in there. And then, you know, through health class I was like, oh, okay, there's a separate tube for that. So in my brain that meant there was a separate hole for that. Which meant like, I thought, you know, at the, between the, I don't know even know where to call this below the belly button, I thought there was just a hole.


Not the vagina, but just another hole that girls peed out of Like on the front of their body. Just somewhere south of their belly button. Yes. Like on the front of their bodies there was just a hole. Sure, sure. And even through health class, all the diagrams were always like internal images. They didn't just show you like the outside of a naked person. And so for some reason I continued to believe that. And at some point in life I did happen to see a naked person and I was concerned and I asked them what happened to their people and they were very confused.


And the mood may or may not have been ruined by, by wondering of why they didn't have a pee hole. How, if you can remember, how exactly did you broach that? How did you phrase that question and how, how old were you? You were, I assume, you know, making out and or doing whatever with like a girlfriend or, or whatever. How, when, when was, when was this wade? I Was a legal adult. Okay. I don't remember exactly how the conversation was broached, but I do remember I was just looking and very confused. 'cause they looked more like a Barbie doll in the front than I imagined.


'cause I was like, I thought there'd be some kind of hole of some kind. Like, you know how on the tip of our, our penis, there's like a hole that you pee out of. And I expected there just to be like on the lower part of their stomach, just a hole And. it was mind boggling to me. I was like, man, they really concealed that. And whenever it was explained to me how it all works, I was very, very embarrassed. And. it was embarrassing even telling that story. But I was much, much older than I should have probably been when I learned that. Did That person explain that to you or did you, did that just end that entire interaction and then subsequently Somebody explained? No, that person explained it to me that that was a Oh, That's very generous.


Yeah. I think that they found it, I don't know, cute in a way that I was so fucking stupid. God, so I. Yeah. So yeah, imagine, imagine being in the mood and all ready to go and all of a sudden you stop to figure out that there's not a, a separate pee hole. Well what what fascinates me is like, you know, the, the hole on the tip of a penis is very small. Right? So how big did, do you think this hole would be that you would, like, how close were you looking? Like, did you really like Well, When I realized there was no pee hole, I, I looked even closer to, I went on an expedition for the pee hole Without getting too graphic about it.


To that point in your life had used all manner of toilets and you had seen that men and women use the same toilets. Did you ever imagine how a woman might have to sit on a toilet given your expectation of how their systems worked? I mean, I thought it was low enough. I thought it was pretty close. The, the vaginal opening. Right. so I figured it was the same idea. I just figured they would pee instead of having like the fire hose, like a dude, I figured it just like trickled down the front and just dripped off. Okay. Just, just to be clear, you, you do know that like what you're describing is not too far off. Let me just make sure. Sure.


You do know there is a pee hole, it's just not where you thought it was, right? Yes. He said that I know how it works. I just thought it was More in front, Higher up and visible. Right, okay. Yeah. With the naked eye, because I didn't want this conversation and people listening at home being like, does wait, still not know that there's a p hole? No, I know, I know how it works now. Okay. Okay. Just checking. Believe me. I know, but I thought that, you know, there was the belly button, the P hole and the vagina, Right? Yeah. But you could basically see all three. Well, I mean, yes, that it, okay, this is where I'm tried to clarify. There is a belly button, a pee hole and a vagina. Yes. But If you're looking at a person straight on, you don't just see like a hole right below the, like a little below their belly button for peeing.


Okay. If I pull up a diagram of a vagina, can you tell me where The, the urethra is a different thing? Yes. The urethra leads to a different hole than Yes, I know, but it's all contained in one area. It's not a separate hole, it's Somewhere else. I like, I feel like part of Wade's problem might just be that he learns really slowly. Yeah, yeah. Okay. All, right? Just it Could be, not that you learn this too late in life, it's just that you were continuing to learn it as you continue to age. And at some point that became unacceptable. We are all learners lifelong. Yeah. I think I'm doing a bad job explaining this. No, I get it. I get it. But then you keep going a step further and being like, haha, that does not there.


And I'm like, it is, it is there. It's just not where you, it's Like, you know, you don't just look below the belly button, just see just a hole. Right. Okay, good. We're all good. God dang it. See I thought girls basically had two belly buttons. One was a belly button and one was a P hole. Right, right. Okay, okay, Okay, okay. Ah, Man, why don't, why don't we put more utility in our belly buttons? I feel like that's a like an overlooked resource that we could tap into. What Utility? I Would eat so much healthier if we could just open up our belly buttons and put in like other foods. I would eat tacos. What Utility would you put in your belly button? Well, I don't know. Like it's another access point. It could be something. You know what? I don't know. It's there. We might as well use it. Right? How big is your belly button?


It's not big, but it could be more capacious. Like everything could be enhanced. I'm sorry, are you, are you getting, are you gonna stretch out your belly button with like people do when they gauge their ears? Oh god, I'm gonna gauge You progressively. Larger belly button gauges. So you could fit more stuff in there. Yeah. You See this? See this is my intestines in there. Or sexual sexual purposes. You could have anal vaginal beal. I want you to tummy fuck me. Nevermind. Forget I said anything. No utility. Yeah, no mark. I like your idea of tummy.


Fucking that's a lot. That's good utility. You're right, you're right. That's not My idea. That's not Mine. You're right. I'm giving you credit mark. I Don't want credit for It. Anyone that's had to have a tube put into their throat, like for breathing, that's like a heavy smoker. Do you think they've ever used that hole for, you know, Breathing? No. Fucking, oh No, I don't like that image at all. I'm imagining any, any individual who has a, I believe those are called stomas. Yes. Yes. I'm imagining you need to keep that fairly clean and not do sex stuff to it ever because of Reason. It's probably supposed to, but that doesn't mean that I like, I like that you found this nerve for Mark.


Apparently making anything into something you have sex with is just a big thing for Mark. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. It's a big thing for me. I'm sure no one listening at home is like, no, I don't wanna hear about that tummy fucking no, I don't wanna hear about someone's stoma being improperly utilized. No, I don't wanna hear it. Would your Penis start being digested by stomach acid if you did that? I what? Oh my god. Wade, please stop demonstrating how little you understand things. What, Nevermind God. Maybe you're assuming someone has acid reflux in this situation. I don't know. I I, I'm not that like I, I'm the kind of person where like I could touch my eye. I've worn context. I don't know why, but like, eye surgery and anything cutting or stabbing into an eye is just like, nah.


Have I not shown you the video of my eye surgery? I'm good. I wonder if I'm remembering it wrong too. Maybe they aren't as forceful as I think 'cause like the patients never have any problem. They're always just like, am I good to go? And it's like, that must look a lot worse than it actually feels. I didn't know you had a video of your eye surgery mark, but Oh yeah. I'd rather It was just lasik wasn't it? Yeah, it was the kind of LASIK smile is what it was. It's where they do, they just do a, i I don't have it on my computer right now. It's on my phone. Oh No. Darn it. Gosh. I'll, I'll play later. Well, yeah, All right? I'll find it. I'll do the phone show. We're busy. I'm I'm gotta go then. It's not that Bad. It's just Bob's saying No thank you. Yeah, yeah. No thank you. Well, too bad. The thing about no thank yous is sometimes you don't get a choice. Sometimes things are forced upon you.


Just like this eye surgery. Where is it? LASIK looks very simple. There It is. You guys wanna see it? I don't mind. I mean I, I sat in on eye surgeries. I feel like I was pretty clear about where I stand, but okay. All right? There's my eye. Right. How's It staying? So still, I think my head is, is locked in place. It's numbed and I'm very still, I'm very still. So he, the, the laser is already cut under my eye. And then this is him going in through a tiny flap in the bottom. And always is do is like perforated paperhuh. He's detaching it. Oh good. Just a little scrappy.


Scrappy. Yeah. Just a little detach rooney. And then eventually it'll, well I mean this goes on for like a minute, but it's pretty quick. Like all things considered for like laser eye surgery. It's just you go in, he det attaches it carefully and then pulls out the piece that was cut away and then inks it all out. Here. I'll get to the yoking. Oh Yay. I was afraid there wouldn't be any yoking. Oh You actually, here's a video of the, the laser actually cutting the pattern into my eye. It's, you're gonna catch just so that's my eye and the, the gray is like the laser like going over it and cutting beneath the surface. It's very cool. So it goes and as I'm looking at this, because obviously it's my eye and I see it, everything's just going gray so I'm just going blind.


Oh Neat. It was Very scary. And also it was like, don't look away from the green light. And I thought it'd be a much bigger challenge. But they didn't tell me. They vacuum seal your eye to it anyway. So you couldn't move if you wanted to. Which I did. Bob Is dying over there. I love it. This is exactly what I was hoping we'd talk about. Here we Go. Here we go. Here's it. Yoking outta my eye. You can say no thank you. Here we go. I said Here they and Oh no, what's that happening Andy? Yo. So they pulled that out and then he spreads it out to make sure he got like the full thing. He's spreading it out on your eye. Your eye is not a table. It's, it's So he can look directly comparing to the outer edges of it so he can see the full thing.


It, it makes, It's so squishy. Yeah It is. Where's all your eye goop? You don't have enough eye goop. You need more goop in there. It's not pressurized. You would hate to see A low pressure eyeball. Just a deflating eyeball. Oh he is just rubbing it. Aha. He's cleaning. He's like Putting how good He's putting an antibacterial ointment on the top of it. What Does he get the wire brush to clean it so it's real clean that God who goes into a public bathroom anywhere but at a restaurant especially where you're presumably about to consume food and does whatever people do to get shit and pee everywhere.


Who does that? I don't know. Like what is your home bathroom look like? We've all seen those bathrooms, but I don't know. What do you do when you visit your parents or your friends or what am I misunderstanding? Are there some people who just really go nuts in the bathroom and it's like an experience for them and it's, it's not their fault because I worked at the Jimmy John's right across the street from college campus at the University of Cincinnati and we were open until like 3:00 AM and I always worked clothes on weekends while we were up until two. I don't know, I always worked until like three or four in the morning, Friday, Saturday nights. 'cause I was one of the few people that worked at our store. 'cause it's a college store who wasn't like such an unreliable stoner that they would just not show up half the time or otherwise, you know, would show up like drunk or something if they worked on a Friday night because it's college kids and they're, they can't be trusted.


Yeah, I would show up to work and do a reasonably good job. I wasn't always the happiest 'cause it was kind of a shitty place to work, but I did my goddamn job. But like, so who, how, how does that happen do you think? Like, oh I, not ignoring the motivations, assuming someone's just absolutely drunk outta their mind. How do you do that without getting it all over yourself? Which is the more terrifying part To me it's a skill. It's an adult skill to learn how to use a bathroom and you know, keep everything clean. Make sure you wash your hands. Make sure that everything when you're done in the bathroom is nice and tidy. Kids aren't good at that. Well what if that's the thing. What if they've never been taught?


What if every time that person walks into the bathroom they're just sweating bullets because they're gonna like, alright trying attempt number 328 and they just shotgun blast poop all over The walls and they're like, okay, That didn't work. Don't eat at Jimmy John's. You dumb piece of shit. That's my answer to the no. Like, like I get that some people are just so drunk or whatever, the high or something. They're just like, this is gonna be so funny. You don't fucking get 'em or whatever. But I just, I never saw a person walk out of the bathroom smeared in their own shit. So they clearly know how to keep themselves clean. I don't know man. That was just like, that still baffles me.


How, how does that happen? Why would that happen? I can't imagine. Huh? Yeah, All. right. I remember we had a guy come in, I used to work at a ice cream place in Cincinnati called United Dairy Farmers. And I remember one day we had a guy come in, he grabbed a straw from like our, where ice cream sits and he went into the bathroom and he was in the bathroom for what felt like 20 or 30 minutes. Oh no. Oh. And we're all like, what in the hell is he doing? Like who, what? That's not good. Dude blocks out, doesn't buy anything, just leaves. I think we were busy at the time so we didn't even actually realize that. Like he didn't buy anything till later. But go to check the bathroom 'cause we have to clean them every day. And there's blood on the toilet seat. There's blood on the mirror, there's blood on the sink, there's blood on the floor.


Oh. And I didn't know if I was supposed to call because it's blood's like a biohazard. So I'm looking at all this blood and I'm like, do I mop it? Like what do I do with this? Like sure I've had the occasional person shit on the seat, shit on the floor, piss everywhere, whatever. Like I've dealt with that. I've dealt with a dirty sink. Yeah. I had never in my life walked in and felt like I was watching the fucking movie Carrie, where there's just blood splattered all over the goddamn room and this guy walked out perfectly fine. I don't know what he bled from. That's not good. Yeah, I was wondering if, if he actually walked out and you know, you didn't notice him and he just exploded in the middle of the bathroom.


Maybe some other guy walked out. No, He just bled everywhere and I just, I didn't know what to do so I just cleaned it up. I put on some gloves and I just scrubbed the fuck outta that bathroom like two or three times feeling disgusted that I had no idea why there was blood on so many different levels of so many different surfaces that it didn't even make sense where he could possibly be bleeding from unless it was like his nose or something. But even then, You know the infomercials where it's like the guys carrying a bunch of Tupperware or like all the car washing stuff and he goes, whoa, whoa. Like this guy got a paper cut on his palm and he just slams into the mirror and slams onto the floor and slams into the ceiling.


I can't stop. It was on the back of the toilet seat. The sink. It wasn't on the knobs or anything. It was like on the side of the, it was just, it was so weird. It looks like he intentionally was just like, I'm bleeding better put it everywhere. I mean, I have no idea. Only saw that guy the one time. I don't know if he just went home and died or what the fuck happened to him. But like he bled all over our bathroom and all he did was grab a straw and go to the bathroom. That's some next level of stuff. He must have taught all the poop people from Jimmy John's. 'cause There's, there's a training course you can take to how to be the biggest asshole at a restaurant or a fucking, That would make more sense to me than people just behaving like that and thinking to themselves like, oh it's okay.


Oh Admit, I'm struggling to see what the straw was for. He just grabbed a straw and went in. I thought drugs, I thought like snorting cocaine or something. I don't know. But I, I have no idea. It's a milkshake, straw. Maybe he snorted something and then it just didn't go in right. And it just came back out and there was some blood And. it just went everywhere. Maybe it was like a, a nose volcano. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know how drugs work. I've never done anything other than like drink alcohol. so I don't know. But you see like in the movies, you know they'll grab like a little straw or something. They'll like, it's a tiny straw and they'll like snort like a line or something. Yeah, yeah. But this is a milkshake straw. Oh Yeah, dude needed to do a lot of drugs or something. I don't know.


That's weird man. No, that's, that's what happens man. You take some drugs, it starts gushing out of your eyes and all you can do is like try to keep 'em closed. But they'll like swell up your eyelids. It'll like fill and then they gotta, you gotta blink eventually. Oh that's drugs man. But it feels great afterwards apparently. So I've heard. Oh yeah, no it's so good. It's worth all the death stuff Dude. The blood high. Oh you can't beat it man. It's just stellar blood. That's not good. Kids don't do don't do that. Don't, don't do the blood. Don't do any of that. Don't chase the blood high. The blood dragon's not worth it. Don't chase it. The Blood dragon. I gotta get this blood monkey off my back.


No, I got covid from a hot tub. The hot tub wasn't wearing a mask. I think I mentioned but maybe not that we're getting a, we're getting a hot tub, which is very exciting. It's a thing Mandy had shoulder surgeries when she was Sick. Dude, what hot tub? 'cause it got you sick. Yeah, but the timing of it came right at the shoulder. The shoulder surgery. Yeah. It was a little late anyway. Sick. Yes. So Mandy has, has like had surgery when she was younger, has always had shoulder problems. And so like we've always dreamed of having a hot tub. 'cause sometimes she just isn't like pain, like agonizing pain and a hot tub soak would like do a lot to help therapeutically. Yeah. It'd be good for her shoulders. And I'm just sort of out of shape.


So a hot tub feels really good when you're a sore and out of shape. But anyway, we were at the place, we were at a showroom looking at things. We didn't know anything about hot tubs. And we went to look and they had, apparently there are like two types. There's one that's more like a chlorine, kinda like a pool based where that's how you keep the water clean. And then there's one that's kinda like a salt water hot tub. And I don't do salt water very well. The o the ocean, like if I get the ocean in my mouth makes me throw up. I don't like salt water. I'm very, I react very strongly to it. But the salt water hot tubs were like exactly what we wanted. And so I was concerned. I was like, well I don't want get a hot tub that has salt water in it. 'cause salt water literally makes me puke and gag and I hate it.


And so I was like, but they have one, they had one that had the salt water in it on the floor. And I was like, well I should just taste the water and that way I'll know, I'll know if it's too salty. 'cause the guy was like, oh well it's way, it's not the same level of salt as the ocean. And I was like, I like went over and I smelled it and I was like, I dunno, this is, it smells kind of salty. And so ultimately I was like, I just have to, I just have to taste it. Ew. And then I'll know for sure before I commit to spending this money on a hot tub that I can, that that'll be okay And. it won't be too salty. I'll be able to enjoy the hot tub even though it's got salt wall. So anyway, that happened and literally the very next night I came down sick And.


it was covid. And I've, since the last time we recorded, I've had covid the entire time until yesterday. But I did get, I got the paxlovid or whatever and like I got, I got better really quickly. And so I, lucky And, it was fine. It wasn't that bad of an illness or anything, but I am pretty sure I got covid 'cause I drank the public hot tub water. Well, after you drink public salt water, you should always go home and gargle salt waters to cleanse your palate. But it was, it was treated. The salt makes it clean. Right. I don't think those are of a temperature enough to pasteurize anything. If anything they're, they're kind of like a bio cooker where more things, oh it Wasn't hot at all either. It was set on like 90 degrees.


It was like barely a hot tub. 'cause it was in there, you know, no one was using it. Right. So it didn't need to be that hot. Yeah. Well I don't know what's been in there but apparently something, well Kes pooped on the floor the other day and I got the salt shaker and poured it on there. And. it just disappeared. Carpet was sparkly. What's happening? What? You said salt made it clean. Why did the poop disappear? Because you sprinkled salt on it. He's being hyperbolic. No, no, it really Happened. I'm telling you a real life story here about an illness and a very, a very dramatic experience that I had. And I'm mocking you for thinking that salt made it clean and safe. Well That's the point. The only reason it's salt water is because that's the, that's the way it's chemically treated so that it doesn't get nasty. Also it had some sort of ozone treatment system in it and also some sort of UV thing that was supposed to also kill bacteria and viruses and, but it was supposed to be clean man.


are You sure that you didn't get covid from the people in the store? They were all perfectly healthy and also very nice people. That's True. You can always tell when someone is very sick with covid. The healthy ones are nice. They wouldn't have done that to me is all I'm gonna say. Okay. There was a mean guy in the corner. He was definitely sick. I get mean when I'm sick. so I assume, anyway, I don't know, it's probably not from the hot tub, but it just seems too conspicuous that I drank, I drank anonymous hot tub water and then I got sick for a week. so I just would never think to taste. How much did you drink? Is this just like a you dip a finger and you go or you a whole I didn't like drink the whole head, but I took, I was like, and took like a little, I aerated it.


Right? You have to get like a Oh no, It's Like tasting wine. No, no. This gives me the heebie geebies. I, I don't Like it. It's, there were no people ever in that hot tub. It's a showroom hot tub. It's as clean as the hot tub gets. You know, as soon as they put the, the closed sign on the door, they all stripped down and hop in the hot tub. It's in the middle of a warehouse that's got windows on all sides. Yeah, But if it's closed, you're not gonna go looking in a warehouse window. It's boring. I don't know what kind of dungeon hot tub shop you went to, but my mind's got like a jail cell guards by each player. All I look, I, they were nice people. They wouldn't do that to me. Plus if you think about it, right, it's not even that gross. It's like I drank people's soup. Did you mistakenly read the sign?


It wasn't the hot tub, it was the cough tub. Oh God Mistakenly, Whenever you're sick you go over there, you cough into it until it fills up. That's the, the covid head washing tub. Anyone who's sick, you wash your hands in this tub and then, then you can touch whatever you want. We Recycle here, see the hospital next door there runoff comes down the hill and we just catch it in this tub. It is wonderful. Then we sprinkle in some table salt, some cinnamon. Very safe. Very clean. It's not, we didn't get like the most extravagant hot tub in the world, but it's still a lot of money. Okay. And I didn't wanna Did you get The salt one? Yeah, We got the salt one. I didn't wanna spend all that money. 'cause the salt one had all the features that we wanted. And, it was very comfortable. You could climb into them, but they didn't have water in them 'cause we had clothed on.


But they were, you could sit in them, right? And you could be like, oh this is comfy. Look, this is where my legs will go and there'll be water. It'll be up to here. And you can imagine. And, but I was like, I I'm not spending all this money on a salt water, a hot tub. It 'cause I, I don't wanna throw up in my own hot tub. so I had to taste it. It makes sense. How, okay. How did it taste? It tasted kind of like unflavored Gatorade, you know, like how salty like sports drinks are. They're like a little salty. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. It had, it was like that level of like, oh it's like a touch salty but it's not like ocean. The salt water. Salty All. right. We've woken up. It's early morning. This is the first activity we do after getting outta bed. This is very important because this I believe sets the tone of what you're gonna do for the rest of the day.


There's many things you could do in this time, but it's a very small period of time to take advantage and prepare yourself for the day to come. What is the best thing to do immediately after waking up in the early morning, If I may. It's simple. You look at your phone and see what time it is. Go fuck that and go back to sleep. Ooh man, I Old strategy cotton. Let's see if it pays off. Oh wait, You know what? Maybe Bob, Bob you go, I'll go after you this time. Let me steal your idea. Get points for it. Here you go. I have an answer for this one too. Good. And it one word. Okay. Dumpy. Interesting. I Think we all know what it means. I don't know if it needs, I think it stands for, Is that another word for coffee? 'cause I'm not a coffee drinker. No, I I hate coffee. I don't drink coffee. Dumpy. You gotta, you gotta we gotta plop some logs man.


Ah. That's the best way to get going. Ah, to build your house. Like a Lincoln log. You could build things with that. I guess it's, it's poops Wade. I I'm talking about, oh, I'm a night shitter you really? Night shitter. Whoa, really? Oh yes. Oh. I wake up two or three times in the night to pee. But I do not shit in the morning. No I do not shit in the afternoon. I'm a night shitter. Oh, I thought you were like midnight Exclusively. Yeah. That's weird. Well, okay. No, well No. I guess sometimes like there's an afternoon poopies, but typically it's like around dinnertime. are you Like a once a day shitter one to two. Hold On, I'm gonna just like, we're talking about something here. Whatcha are you doing when I do wipe Front to back, is that good?


Yes. Yes. That is good. How does every episode get down to the specificities of our biological functions? I'm gonna use The single sheet folded. Or do you like roll it up? I don't want to hear anything more. I Take three to four sheets. Excellent, excellent. Which is a little excessive but not as excessive As some people We'll them out in the background and play some elevator music in the Meantime. And and do you go through the middle or do you go around the side when you're reaching around to do, to Take Oh kind of like, like the little Ball going like around the funnel where they Go side to side slowly And then make sure you get it all.


You know, it Still sounds fun. Do you have, do you use wet, wet wipes? Do you have white piece? No, but sometimes if I'm feeling really ambitious I'll wet the toilet paper. That's an interesting approach. That Is Like dry, dry, wet, back to dry. Then you're spotless All right now that no one's Sick. We have the perfect dumpy Now that no one had. We mark, we had the perfect dumpy now that no one had to hear that. I'm gonna exclude biological necessities from this list. Does that include like, include eating, grooming, you know? No, it doesn't include cleansing yourself. It's going to the bathroom. We're really just gonna assume you fit that in here and there as needed.


'cause everyone's different. Oh wait, my schedule's packed. Yeah. It's an important ritual. You gotta make time. Yeah, But that's different for everybody. But we're, we're, we're gonna assume each one has a 'cause I don't want to hear about it. Okay. Now who amongst you, any of the three of you who can do a better impression? Huh? Is there a third person here? I thought I, I thought I saw another, I thought I thought another person in here where, oh, they're gone anyway. All. right? It may, it may be difficult. It may be difficult. All, right? Hold on. Is the whole thing one animal or Yeah. No, that's goats. That's what goats sound like. I got that one.


Is it goat? Yeah. Holy shit. I have to do an impression now. Is that right? You could also Abstain If you Don't want to. It's her voice or anything. It's okay. All, right? That was very good. That's gonna be hard to beat. Oh god. I don't know if I can make this noise, but I'll try. That was a good attempt. I think Wade gets it for the horrified scream and the discrepancy between the two. It truly is.


I can't even do it. He did great. All, right? Wade? You want a hard one? Oh boy do I. This might gross people out. But I used to have Ew, A wart here and I took a pair of tweezers and toenail clippers and I cut it and tore it and ripped it out. What The fuck? That's not what you're supposed to do with that. No, But I was, I was like in high school and I, for some reason here was my thought process. I was like, listen, I'm pre-law. I have to shake a lot of important hands one day. And what if they're left-handed and they touch my wart and they're grossed out and I ruin a relationship so I've gotta get rid of this. I better do it now. I could probably just cut it off. And so I did, wouldn't recommend anyone do that.


I'm sorry for the uneasiness. I probably just caused, but I did literally just, this Is a horrible, horrible, I did literally do that to myself. Did you have any bad fallout from that? And also did it hurt? No, I, I ran the tweezers under the tap before I started digging in. So it was very clean. Oh, Perfect. All, right. Cool. Good. Make sure it was sanitary. Okay. Whoa. I wanted a sterile environment for my surgery. Dodge that cannonball. It was very painful. I will say it was very painful to do. That was maybe a sign from your body about what you were doing. Your body was all whoa, Whoa. Hey. Whoa. And you were like, Shut Up. Wasn't taking no for an answer for my body on that one.


I was like, it's going and there's nothing you could say or do I think you Betrayed your body at that point. I'm pretty sure you're the traitor. Yeah. No that's, that's vi that's you, that's definitely a betrayal on your part. That's right. Yeah. I, I did that and I feel kind of bad about it. I've got doozy for you guys. So you remember a long time ago this event occurred that is really, really memorable for a lot of people. Where Chica, when I first got her pooped on the floor and Roomba spread it everywhere, right? So yesterday Chica was home. We weren't gone long but apparently she had some upset stomach and this happens, you know, it does happen. She pooped in the house but she just so happened.


And I have to show you a picture and do not put this on the Pixelated, but I gotta show you guys a picture because it'll tell the entirety of this story. And. it just doesn't make any sense how this occurred. I have lunch on the way. Wait, what? She pooped on a thing that was off the ground. And. it got on my vision pro. Dude, you can really see Shit. How did she poop there? I Dunno. It's not the, the vision pro's not on the ground. It's on like, it's on a case for my lights that is on the ground.


Like it's, it's, I don't understand how this occurred. It doesn't make any sense. How could she have pooped on my vision pro? Why Her poops have a value seeking sensors built into the tip. They'd go for whatever the most expensive thing that's reachable. Is It, it's legitimately like, I can't think of a single thing that is more valuable monetary wise. Not emotionally wise, more valuable than that. Anywhere close to the floor. Even the computer that I'm doing this on costs less than that thing. And that's, you know, I get it. That's not a good say. I'm not trying to be like, oh wo is me. It's just like, it's so bizarre that that thing would be the thing that would get poop on it.


Her Ass has expensive taste. It sure does. It sure does. We're here to save people out there the most money possible. I'm here for it as the smart one. We're gonna start off Wade, how can I lower my water bill Spit. We produce a lot of it. Sometimes you have more than you want. So what do, what do animals do to clean themselves? So you don't need to use water if you've got saliva and if you're thirsty, drink someone else's saliva if they're just gonna spit out or waste it anyway. Just take a bite on top of that. Can I throw in a little bonus here? I'll let Bob go first. You save your bonus.


We'll we'll Switch All, right? Wade has the right idea buddy picked the wrong liquid. Oh, Go on. No, it's what you think. Oh no you, you don't make a lot of spit comparatively to the amount of piss that you make. Aw. If you want the volume to be able to do a load of dishes, fill up your mobile laundry machine so you can run some laundry. Top off a water bottle. How long do you think it would take you to you spit to top off a 24 ounce water bottle? Hours, days. It might not even be possible. How long does it take to pee out? 24 ounce, 30 seconds.


Depending on how much you save up. If you save it, you might have 24 ounces in one go. That's a lot. That's maybe not realistic, but like one or two pisses a day, you got a full water bottle. You just drink that right down. Plus the water bottle keeps it warm, which is nice. It's like a tea. Tea of the tea of the body. Crotch tea. Ah man. All of those names are terrible. Wait, please rebut. I don't know that urine has many good things for you. 'cause it's your body trying to get rid of it whereas spit, I mean it's already right there in your mouth so you know it's meant to be there. I think spit also like helps in the digestion process. So like maybe it'll get your metabolism up so you'll have a better metabolism from having more varieties of spit in your body at any given time.


I dunno, it's just fun. Sometimes it's like real wet sometimes it's kind of sticky. You never really know what kind of spit you're gonna get. Whoa. Sometimes like you wake up and you got like the stringy spit and it's like a play thing on top of everything else. So you have a toy and a nice beverage and a food. Breaky, downie all at once Spits just fun. I, you know what, I love that. That's an excellent slogan I'm gonna throw up. It's just fun. Can I, can I share my bonus thought with you real quick? I don't want points for this, I just wanna share it. You might not get it, but who knows? I'm thinking about like chewing on food, right? Like we have the spit in our mouth, but like chewing on food wears down your teeth over time. But you know what, kids chew up food and then like their teeth, they eventually get adult teeth so they lose their kid teeth.


What if you had your kids chew your food for you and then they're wearing down their baby teeth. They're, you're protecting your adult teeth longer. So you can have like the liquid and the solid safe. I feel like that's just totally unrelated to what we're talking about, but All, right? So man, I was not, Would you like a different idea? Mark? I'll, I'll get away from recycling your own bodily fluids. How about that? I've got a different idea. Oh man. I guess if we could keep saving money, I suppose, but the time ran out I've got, we've got so many other bills, but you throw it out, it just won't be worth points. You wanna save water on money, on water. Everyone around you is constantly flushing water. Literally down the toilet. Where's that water going?


Why not into your collecting tanks. Smack a life straw on that bad boy and boom, clean water. That's true. Septic tanks are really just big water bottles. Yeah. They're just underground water sources waiting to be tapped. I don't want to tap into my septic tank. Thank you. So The other day I was doing a stream. My friend Patrick had his birthday yesterday, but he did a stream o Sunday. We were playing, what was it called? Not overcooked, the other cooking one. Undercooked side cook. Legend of the hidden Cook played up. Oh okay. I don't know how we got here, but we got to a point where he said something about cheesing me or something. 'cause he was trying to make tacos and that led him to think of a character.


I don't know how good this image is gonna look. It's gonna be very small here, but I'm gonna share a character with you. I'd like you to meet Dick Achu from the hit movie. Stroke 'em on. Oh, I get you. I see where this is going. Is this From Mark Smasher pass video Or It could be. How about Sponge Knb? Oh No, I don't like how dirty his holes Are. Yeah, that's that's really unpleasant to look at. And you, you actually, it looks like someone really worked hard on that costume, but no Sponge knob. I'm assuming Sandy Cheeks kept her name. Yeah, That one kind of works. That one doesn't need any adjustment. He is motioning at his tie for some reason.


Oh yeah, his, yeah, his tie. Yep. Don't scroll any lower. Nope. Stop. Hold on. I just had the whole podcast flash before my eyes. Thankfully I had this image saved. I know We could blur that in post but don't. Yeah, listen editors from here on out, we're gonna play, we're gonna play podcast roulette. You just don't censor anything ever in this episode. Don't you dare. It's just like Ethan getting banned for showing a, a vagina on screen for like, for like a minute. Did you see that? No. Oh, I sure did. Did you see what JP tweeted At him? No. Hey, at least you don't have an excuse to not find it now or something like that.


Yeah, yeah. So Bob, he was going Wikipedia, like hide and seek whatever it's called. I don't remember. You, you try to go from one topic to another through hyperlinks only. So he is trying to go from something to clitoris and so he, he gets to clitoris, he's like, yes, I did it. And then he looks away. I don't know what he is doing like on his phone or something. And. It's Wikipedia. So the image for the article is just a vagina. Some lady spread her legs Like an actual lady spread leg shaved. It Is. And it's like, there's like a circle, you know where the clitoris is and a zoom And. it is like, it is this closeup and it's a closer picture of just the clitoris and he's just like, boop, off to the side chat's like exploding by like he side.


He said no, he inside. And then 30 seconds go by and he's like, oh no. And the slowest scroll you've ever seen down just like, oh. Oh. And he scrolls down to another anatomical drawing of the glitter is he doesn't like close into anything. Just He's like, thank God I'm still safe on this clitoris page. And I get there. There's nothing coce about anatomical to be Fair. That's like sciencey. That's pretty sciency. But it, it's like there are certain Wikipedia pages that are just straight on me. Ah, the pick. I bet the page for penis is just a big old penis. That's Very, very Ethan. I'm gonna be telling you a story about young love, about a first job, about excitement over the possibility of sitting near a girl in high school about over complicated plans that end hilariously and also quite terrifyingly in both failure and near death experience.


And the hard to explain series of decisions that led me and my high school best friend to almost kill a girl completely by accident. Where did this begin? My high school best friend Dave and I were hanging out in his basement doing the thing. The only thing that we did other than video games. Oh no. And work at our part-Time jobs. No, not that. Oh. Which was play ping pong and lament about girls. And recently Dave had begun working at a new job at the movie theater, which is a great job. Saw a lot of free movies thanks to Dave. But a lot of people go to the movie theater and while we're playing ping pong hanging out, he gets a text from one of his coworkers that this girl, the girl that he currently like, would not stop talking about.


Jessica was seeing a movie, had just walked in, gotten their tickets and one of our creepy friends at the movie theater was like, Hey, hey, she's here. And sent him a text and, and so we got this information. Right. You guys had a whole team on this? Yeah. Well it's a, it's hard to date. Okay. You gotta have a lot of, it's A lot of effort. I've, I'm trying to keep track of everything. There's Jessica just walked in, what is the name of this creepy friend? Can we call him like, I don't know, Kyle or something? Kyle Or Kyle's about right. All, right? I don't know. Kyle's pretty, I'm pretty sure Kyle works at the movie theater and sweeps up the popcorn after the Yeah. You know, movie's over. Right. You know what, that can be confirmed there. Every movie theater has a Kyle. So we have decreed. Not only is Jessica, my friend's love interest seeing a movie.


She's seeing a movie with a friend. Mm. Who is the girl that I myself at that point in time would not shut up about. Mm. It's perfect. Right. What's Your love interest name in this? Melissa? Yeah, what's the name? Melissa. Okay. Jessica and Melissa. My best friend's love interest is at the movies with her best friend. My love interest. It's a love quadrangle quad. How do you say that word? Quadrangle. Quadrangle. I think. I think it's just a square. It's parallelogram. It could be anything. Could Be. You're right. Travis Square is a parallelogram, but a parallelogram does not have to be a square. Ain't that the truth? Ain't that the truth? You and your friend do sound like squares in this. Go ahead. Yeah. Anyway, we've got all the information. Now the plan is obvious, right?


Do you not see how this has to play out? Clearly what we had to do was step one, gather a posse obviously. Yeah. So we, we gathered the boys, if you will, our other friends. So Gang hit. Got it. Yep. We had to rush to the grocery store to pick up some flowers and chocolates. We head to the theater to stake out the car and then ambush them with love and appreciation as they exit the theater to get into their vehicle and drive back home. This brings us to act two. Obviously the preparation. Now it's time to, to take action. There's a time clock on this. We know which movie they're seeing, when it was, how long the movie is.


Our posse of friends that we gathered are Stevens, one named Steven with a v, one named Steven with a pH. So there's four of us. We pile into my friend Dave's Honda Civic. And this next part plays out like an action movie. This is why the posse needs to be here, right? You gotta keep the car running, you gotta have logistics, you gotta have people in charge. So Dave and I are in the front seat. Stevens are in the back seat and they're we're like driving totally following the speed limit. Believe being safe. We're driving to the grocery store and the Stevens are in the back. One of them we call Steven and one of them is Steve. Okay. Which helps differentiate but also is sort of indicative of their personality. Steve is the gossip. Steve is the one like texting updates with Kyle. Like, did they leave early?


No. Okay. Like keeping the subjects in sight, keeping our intel fresh. Steven is the one staring at his watch on the minute. Every minute is like, oh, 20, 28 minutes. 28 minutes from right now. We need to be in that parking lot that'll give us, you know, 15 minutes to find the car, find a spot, get a good angle, and, and he's sitting there just staring at his watch. Just waiting. So we get to the grocery store, we run into the store. We've never bought this stuff before. Neither of us realized until we got inside we're losers, right? We haven't really like dated people to this point. Never bought flowers for someone or chocolates Never gone to the part of the store. That's set up for desperate losers.


Trying to impress a girl sort of area. Don't know where that is. So she bought chocolates, flowers, and a 50 pack of condoms, I'm guessing. Mag Magnum xls Baby Standards. Yes, absolutely. Standards. Extra. Extra small. Extra small. Magnums. Finally, after running around the store looking like weirdos we're fully loaded. Chocolates, flowers, extra small. Condoms, we're ready to go. The movie theater is not super far away, but we're back in the car and it's like, alright. Eight minutes to the theater and we're about five minutes away. Everything's on time. Steven is happy. Steve is updating us. They're still in the movie. Everything is fine. Kyle has not seen them go to the bathroom. He is watching him like a hawk. I don't know if I'd Be honored someone liked me that much or if I'd be really weirded out or creeped out. I don't know how I'd feel.


Well you don't need to worry about it because no one's that obsessed with you. Can you Bob All? right. I could answer for you definitively when it's creepy. But anyway, it is creepy though. Act three, the payoff, the action. We're here. Yeah. This is gonna sound worse than it is. Dave happens to know which car is theirs. That doesn't sound, he knows. That Doesn't sound too Bad. Which car has Beloved Jessica drives and his Beloved. Yeah, that Sounds worse than knowing what car they drive. Sorry, Go ahead. Go ahead. Is beloved gen. And so we go, we're scouting, we find the car, we circle around, we find an angle where we can park the Stevens so they can kind of see the action. You know, because they've been with us this far.


You don't, you don't wanna leave the Stevens parked off in the corner somewhere. Like a-holes. Yeah, no, you want them to be able to witness you're great. The great success that is about to happen. All this effort that we've put into coordinating this massive effort. Mm. So yeah, we get everything situated. We're sitting in the car. It's like a perfect like TV show thing where it's like from our car. It's sort of like through one row is a perfect little window between the parked cars and a light. Literally it's nighttime. It's like a, a weekend evening in the dark night. Their car, an orange car by the way, has a beacon on it, like at this bright focal point. But basically we get dust evens all set up and then at some point Dave and I are like, okay, well we don't wanna just be sitting here if they come out earlier than we think or something.


Or maybe we, we have the timing off. We don't wanna like get out of our car and run at them. That's terrifying. Someone jumps out of a vehicle and charges you in the parking lot. That's like a kidnapper or something, right? Yeah. That's, that's bad. So we're like, well casually with our huge bouquets of flowers and oversized boxes of chocolate get out of our car and sort of, sort of skulk, I guess is the word I used to describe it. Sort of pick a spot where they can't see us. 'cause it's a surprise. Obviously they can't see us coming outta the theater. We're hidden. Turns out that light bleeds a lot. It shows a lot of area. so I think we were like, oh, we'll pick a discreet spot, it'll be fine. Luckily the car that the girls are driving is this big truck sort of thing.


Like an SUV. It's tall. It hides us pretty well. I think if a family that was going to see a Pixar movie drove past this location in the parking lot that night, they would've looked off to the side and seen me. I was as big as I am now. Then a huge six foot four big dude with his very short friend standing in the middle of a parking lot with like some stuff like obviously holding something, I guess flowers maybe. But like if you drive by that, how bad does that look? Yeah, if I drove by that, I would think there was some shenanigans afoot and we'd go to a different theater. I'm looking back on this though, right? And I don't feel good about this choice specifically of all the choices we made.


This choice to lay and wait for what was essentially, I guess our prey to to, to jump out at two unsuspecting people. This is a questionable plan. Plan. This could only lead to true love. Yeah. Well maybe it did. Maybe one of these girls is actually Mandy. Oh look, so we're standing here. It was probably like maybe 10 minutes, which is a long time to lurk in a parking lot. But we're standing there And it feels like forever, right? It's a combination of feeling kind of uneasy about where we are, the choices we've made, how this looks, but also we're about to ask a girl on a date, which is terrifying. Like it's as for for high school me, I had never really done that.


Has not successfully done that And. it was like, it was a lot. And we're sitting there like, you know, hearts of flutter murder muscles really getting warmed up. So we're waiting forever. Yeah. And finally peeking through the, you know, you can sort of look through the windows of a car. We're peeking around the edges lurking, if you will. Finally they round the corner from the front of the movie theater. I will say this is the back parking lot of the movie theater, not the front one where like everyone goes, this is like the cool back one, there's less foot traffic, less witnesses. So they're coming, they're making their way to the back parking lot. You know, we sort of huddle. We're like, they're coming, they're coming. Oh my god. Oh my god. And, and we're looking at each other and Dave and I collectively, we have this conversation that's like, don't jump out too early. Don't, don't give them any warning.


Make sure they're nice and close so they can't run. You know, I'm sure they, they're that they get close enough and, and and and we're like, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the plan. That's the plan. Obviously. Obviously all of this is obvious. They're finally, they get close enough. Jessica's digging for her car keys that sort of finally arrived at the car and we're like, yes. And we take our big step out from behind the car presenting the flowers. So proudly. And I think everyone knows what their reaction is. Oh, you shouldn't have. Sure. Well then maybe that came later. Their initial reaction is actual terror. Like actually maybe we're here to grab them and run away or something.


Or take their purse and punch them in the face. Yeah. They look terrified. Which is not surprising from this perspective. David and I are taken aback by their terrified look. And we're like, no, wait a minute. This is a perfect plan. This isn't scary, this is charming. We're expressing how much we care about them. They should be blown away with love and entrancement. Is that a word? Entrapment? Sure. Oh yeah, entrapment. I think you're getting there. Yeah. Well, so they look scared. Dave and I look at each other and realize like, oh you know what, maybe there were some flaws but we're here. We've done it. It's a surprise. Everything will be fine. But at this point, like Melissa's kind of like scared but realized that it's us And it is probably fine.


Jessica doesn't look scared anymore, but she looks like she's having trouble. Like she looks like she might faint or collapse and unbeknown to us, despite the amount of love in his heart for this person, Dave had no idea and I had no idea 'cause I didn't know her very well. Jessica has a serious, serious heart condition. Hmm. She's a ser I don't know what the medical condition is, but she has a serious heart health condition. And it. Extreme surprises are bad for her and may cause her heart to stop eating. So anything that's terrifically shocking, jarring, terrifying is potentially deadly to this person.


Hmm. Okay. And so we didn't know that and we didn't know how to help. So she just sort of begins having cardiac distress and having trouble staying conscious. And she's the only one who knows at this point. She needs to reach into her bag and get a bottle of medicine to take one of the pills that she has with her in case this comes up. But like, and I don't know, I imagine her friend who was with her probably had some clue as they're best friends maybe. But like Dave and I are just standing there staring at this girl dying in front of us. We're not really sure. And our, you know, nerves and excitement about asking these girls to go on a date turned suddenly to like actual terror on our parts.


We don't know what happened, but apparently we've scared a person to death. Why Would you be worried? I, that wasn't so I've been selling it. Listen, I've been setting it up like, oh this is a joke. We were gonna kill this girl or whatever. We didn't mean to kill anyone. Jesus Christ, Believe it or not, based on the plan that we hatched and the decisions we made to execute that plan. Our ultimate goal was not to kill this person. It was to secure a date or maybe a double dain. I feel like I'm watching a fucking true crime episode. Yeah. God. Like this is like the killer explaining how they got started. No, no. I see the detective piecing all the evidence together when they lurked.


No, they sked outside by the car with flowers for their grave. We didn't mean to kill anybody, but we found we had a real taste for It. So this is happening. She reaches into her bag. Somebody has a bottle of water, takes medicine after maybe a solid five to seven minutes of like terror and staring and waiting by me and Dave. Everyone is fine. Jessica's fine. Melissa is pretty pissed off. She's fine. And so like everyone's fine. There's four of us standing there in the middle of this parking lot. By the way, the Stevens must have had a hell of a show. I'm a little surprised they didn't come running out of the car. We try to figure out or like hop in the front seat and drive away.


I don't know what the Stevens were doing or Thinking. Well they were coming up with their alibi as you were out there. Like, okay, okay. They kidnapped us too. Oh, nobody saw us at the grocery store with them. Maybe we were at home. Maybe we were in my basement. They Knew about the heart condition the whole time. They wanted this to happen. Yeah, I don't know, but they must have had a hell of a show. So the, the four of us are standing there, so everything's fine. Everyone's alive at this point. Dave and I are like, okay, everyone's good. Let's do what we came here for. The mood is set. Everything is gone according to the plan. It's time to ask these girls on a date. I will say I will release a little more context at this point. My friend Dave and his interest Jessica have some history at this point.


They have not dated, but I think that she is aware that he, you know, he likes her. Mm. And he thinks that maybe she likes him back. Mm. Between me and Melissa, it's a much more unspoken amount of interest. Utterly unspoken. How much un you could say unspoken. I many words know her and have seen her at like parties or at, you know, in band practice. Okay. I've seen her interact with other people. I may have talked to her directly once prior to this interaction. So mine was a real shot in the dark. Mine was like a, you seem cool, you seem awesome. I like you. Maybe you like me. But Dave's is like a real, I think this has a shot.


I'm gonna ask this girl out finally. So everyone's alive, everyone calms down a little bit. Dave looks into Jessica's eyes and is like, Hey, we've been hanging out a lot. I think you're really cool. We have a really good time together. You know, I, I know this didn't go, I was hoping this would be more surprising and a romantic and not like death defying and terrifying, but like, you know, look, I just, I wanted to ask you on a date, like I got you these flowers and these chocolates. You can have those. That's just a gift. I just wanted to ask you if maybe we could go out and have dinner. Like he really nice, David is a sweet guy. He asks her out super nice and she takes the flowers and sort of looks down and very thoughtfully. She's like, you know what? I do have fun with you, but I think we're just friends. You know, like the classic letdown and it's really, it's a big bummer.


But that was always an option. And she was super nice about it. And, and so that all plays out and now's my turn. And So this has all happened and I look, I look directly at Melissa and I'm like, I hold out the flowers and the chocolate silently. And I look at her and I'm like, ah, you date. And she, she doesn't take the flowers to the chocolate. She doesn't say anything. She blocks eye contact with me, slowly shakes her head, no. And then just proceeds to get her friend into the car so they can leave. Okay. All. right. Great. So not equivalent responses, but not equivalent. You know, pretext between the two interactions.


I don't think Melissa's treatment of me was particularly unfair. Could have been nicer. Yeah. Given the situation. I think she was definitely overreacting to Down. Yeah. I don't blame her for, you know, maybe being a little taken aback and angry at me directly about what had happened just then. But it's Not like she was the one who was dying on the ground. It is not, Not she. She was fine. Yeah, she was fine. She was fine the whole time. And The one who was dying sent the other person into the friend zone. You're not even in the friend zone. Zone. Which is Better. Yeah. Good. I get it's good. He's like, can circle back. Yeah. Give another shot. Yeah, It's not too late. We could plan it Out Anyway. Two shots fired, no dates acquired.


Okay. Chocolate. But does that qualify as attempted murder? Who could say Mark is either gone, are sitting very Still. Hello? He's thinking Hello? Hello. Let's try a simple one mark. How many fingers? Hello? Oh wait, I know how to fix this mark. How many fingers? Hello? I texted you. Hello. You Know what Bob, I'm gonna give you good internet point. Thanks. That seems fair. Hello? They tried to take me out. It didn't work. The world government. Oh sweet. Fucking Jesus. No, no, not again. Hello?