
This is an ad by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, and that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session and pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, making therapy more affordable and easier to fit into your life. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better. Help connects you with licensed professionals who can help with everything from anxiety to everyday stress at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it, and now it's within Reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/stooges.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it Most hint, it's Uber. What about me? When I show up to your house at 3:00 AM That's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, it would've been Really nice if you had told me that you just left me out to drive for No reason. Hey, Bob. Sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus, they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible. Offer is valid for a limited time and turns and conditions made apply.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode Morlin, mark finds a library bear then challenges the chaps to play Spy v. Spy All-Loving Bob asks about Wades gets into old men and has hyper hearing. As a Wiley warden, wetter Wade Minds a charity during staycation flushes himself, clubs, guards, and attempts. A prism break from Pam Melons to Grayness. Yes, it's time for The Perfect Crime. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome to Distractible. This is the podcast that you have chosen and your fate has been decided. There's no going back. Now you're in it for the end. 'cause our retention time needs to stay up no matter what, no matter what. I'm your host Markly here to guide you through this episode and all the adventures they're in. And the people that I'm going to subject to my whimsical whims are these two gentlemen here, Bob and Wade. Wade, why are you making that face? I Splashed water on me and I'm, I can't un wet. All right. I don't know what that means, but I don't like It. I went to take a drink and somehow, No, that's not the part. I don't know what that means. I know about the water. I just, I can't stop feeling wet by all of my head.


Just feels wet. It won't stop, you know? And I'm Bob. Hi Bob. How are you? Wet. Oh, I'm excited to be here. Dry. Dry. As dry as can be. What did the philosopher say? The un wet life is not worth living. Pretty sure. I have a specific small talk question. I know this isn't a thing we've ever done before, but you mentioned you were gonna be playing basketball. Is that happening and how's it going continue? No, I've not. Well, okay. Not by my choice. I would love to. I never heard from my friend who was trying to put the league together, so I'm thinking about joining like A-Y-M-C-A or something just so I can go and play like with real people. Like a pickup game? Yeah, like something like that. But the league never came to fruition from what I heard.


It was supposed to start in March, but we're a little past that now. Yeah, it's not March anymore, So I don't know if there's gonna be like another summer league or what. I guess I'll, I'll reach out to my friend and see, but it's also possible he just didn't text me specifically about it having not played in 12 years because apparently some of the competitors in said league are former college basketball players. Not all necessarily division one, but like I might not have stacked up against some of the other centers as well. Playing center at six three or six four when they're like seven foot, You never know until you try. It sounds like your friend Really? Maybe he just accidentally lost my number looking at the competition and realizing that I barely knew what a basketball looked like after all this time.


Describe a basketball for all of us at home. It's orange, kind of square has some like watermelon lines on it and in the middle it's pink and you can eat it. As far as I know that's correct. Did you describe a pumpkin or a Watermelon? I can't. That is the question. Who Die? And I'm Bob. Anyway, you could talk about whatever small talk you were gonna talk about, like how you still don't own a car. I'm a hundred percent sure about that, but I was just curious. I was just curious. I was just curious. I put money, I've ordered a car. It's like you order something online, you gotta wait for the delivery. Delivery hasn't happened yet. It's out of my hands now. I have done my due diligence.


What number Do you call for this mysterious car? One 800 car. Obviously I have a tracker with 12 dots for car delivery. He's got a Domino's tracker Of his car. I do. It's in the oven. All right. Right now I'm in the baking phase. Are how many of the 12 dots are filled in? Where are you? Three. I'm on three, but like six of them are production steps. So you still are holding onto the idea that this car is gonna happen, this German car? Yes. You know, we live in America, not in Germany. Just to be clear about that. I dare to dream a life worth living and that life includes this car being delivered.


You know they make cars here in America. Yeah. So otherwise taking some time off for the first time in a while this week with the exception of today twice and tomorrow week off and maybe Friday I might be working. That's a lot of time off almost. Yeah, well things keep happening and I'm like, well I can do that. I was gonna take the week off, but I can like I, I have trouble saying no to things. So like people ping me, Bob pinged me and I was like, technically I am free. You said you were supposed to be on vacation and I was like, All right. No, don't worry, that's fine. It's just a stream. You're on vacation, you should be on vacation win. I Have a to-do list that I've already been working on.


I got some light bulbs, Andrew replaced. Did I take Molly's old car? You vacation? Real weird. It's a staycation where I get all the stuff done that's been put off because I've been just doing a lot of streaming, recording podcasting. It's not A vacation that's just not doing some of the shit you're supposed to do to do the other shit you're supposed to do At least one day off this coming week. I will do nothing. I don't even know if I believe you. I don't know if I do either, but I'm hopeful. Just make sure you get enough buttholes son. I'm very close to finishing the Animorphs book series. I took like two weeks of not reading, but I got back to it. I've only got four books left out of like 64 and oh, there was a big charity stream not too long ago, a couple weeks ago at this point I guess. But we raised all about $28,000 American Heart Association overall.


$81,000 was raised playing Minecraft in 2025 of all things. Wow. Minecraft was bigger than ever man. Hey, that movie just had come out so that's popular again. That's probably what did it, right? Everyone loved the movie. The movie was kind of like a big meteor coming down onto a Minecraft world. I don't know. I've heard mixed things about the movies people, some people love it. It's very divisive. Some people love it, some people hate it. I don't know, I'm not seeing it. But all I've heard is the nostalgia tripping. I expected to hear to get, see a bunch of people dunking on it and being like, yeah, it was as bad as we thought. All of the things I've seen online is people just being like, and they referenced all these YouTubers I used to watch back in the day. Aw, I have a feeling Drunk Minecraft missed the mark for that man.


I don't know that we necessarily made the cut. It would be really funny if we did. I like to think that somewhere on the, on the editing room floor, there's just cuts. Like for some reason it was shot on film and they physically cut the film out of the Smokey the Bear with his wrap around penis Smoking The Bondage Bear The Dick Cannons The Kill Me Squidward. That's what Minecraft was made for right there, man. You know, now that you mention it, I entirely forgot We had an Extensive long running Minecraft. We were Minecraft YouTubers for, for multiple years.


That's how charity streams used to be done. I think those were charity stream creations. It's not the most vulgar or even the funniest thing I think we ever actually did. But the one thing I cannot get out of my head since it happened was the infinite explosion of solar panels that I think Wade was even there for. It was just you and me in Technic pack because like Wade was on his way or Wade had had to leave or something. God, I love the infinite explosion, I think of the drunk Minecraft episode where we had to just build a tower of iron blocks and Mark and I got duped by you 'cause you stole all of our Blocks. Wasn't that like the first one ever? No, it was like the Reboot. Was that like the Rebo? Okay. Yeah, that's like the next season that Back, I just remember I put down like three blocks Mark put down like five and then Bob had like 60 iron blocks gay wreck bitches.


Yeah, I remember. Yeah, something like that. It was great. Didn't I just steal 'em all from you guys? Yeah, yeah you did. And it was brilliant and none of us saw it coming. That sounds right. Anyway, we'll be in the next one. Just like I'll be in the Next five nights at Freddy's movies. For sure. It's gonna happen guys. And Shakira is calling me to be a backup dancer on her tour any day now. All right Bob, what's new in your life? Actually, I've been reading a lot recently. Like very recently. I've, I've basically started powering through this new book series. Highly recommend it if you like Sci-fi, old Man's War. So it's actually got a lot of books in the series. I'm in the near the end of the second book right now, but Old Man's War by John Cena.


Oh, Jeff Karzi something Karzi. Sorry. The one note of John Cena's theme coming out, John. See Boop. I always do that. I always do that instead of his actual, nevermind. No, I was just talking about books. It's not interesting. Don't worry. But it's a really good sci-fi series, thus, thus far there's mind transference and conscious mixing. It's a character in the one I'm reading right now who has technically has two consciousnesses in his body and his body is like a synthetic but also based on human DNA. It's very sci-fi. It's very sci-fi. Ah, this sounds like War Hammer 40 K.


Which ma Amy gets mad at me about it because I, I keep looking at, you know, the black rail library.com is where Warhammer updates their books and I keep going there like, ah, no new books I wanna read. There's nothing out there. I want to read good books besides War Hammer Updates. There's no good books in this universe. I just ordered a book. I was trying to say what book I ordered. Patrick Rothfus name, the name of the wind I had recommended to me. Apparently that's a pretty good sci-fi book. Now we're a book podcast, eh Guys. Should we do a book club? No, but we might steal from a book club. What does that mean? I don't know what that means, but I like It. We might go beat up some book readers.


Yeah, Wade, you take the lead, you beat 'em all up. I'm the book reader. Yeah, me. Gimme that. There we go. Yeah. More points for how many times you punch yourself. I was just lying. Oh, welcome to The Perfect Crime. Having Wade beat himself up. All right, so for everyone who is like in the episode, maybe a week back now, I noded win part three. Everyone was like, oh, release the cut stuff. Yeah, I bet it's great. No, no man. No it didn't work. That's why it's cut. Not everything we cut out is gold. With that out of the way, I've perfected The Perfect Crime.


Wow. I didn't know The Perfect Crime needed. Perfection. Oh it does and it'll need a lot of perfection as we go through this because you guys are gonna be perpetrating The Perfect Crime. Or should I say one of you? Ah, that didn't explain it but Oh am I just like off today? No. Yep. See ya. Log off.


This episode is brought to you by select quote, life insurance can have a huge impact on our family's future with select quote, getting covered with the right policy for you is simple and affordable. Select quotes, licensed insurance agents will tailor your experience to find a life insurance policy for your needs in as little as 15 minutes. And select quote partners with carriers that provide policies for many conditions. Select quote, they shop you save. Go to select quote.com/spotify pod today to get started.


No. Okay, here's how it's gonna work. One of you is the world's greatest criminal. The other is the world's greatest security guard. Each of you will be presented with the same scenario where one is trying to rob the place that the other is guarding. You will each take turns in a similar way tonight when where you are trying to counter what the other person is just doing to step in the way of each of your goals. One of which is to protect the treasures that lie in whatever place that we find ourselves in. And one to steal those treasures and ride off into the sunset. Scot free.


There's gonna be some qualifiers here. All right, so I have a few wheels. More. More than one. Oh, no, no, no. It looks bad. It looks bad. It's not bad. All right, so what I just put up is a wheel with about, I'd say like 30 entries, right? But these are all gadgets. Some are meant more for stealing, some are meant more for guarding. Some are just bad. But each of you each round will get three of these items and you have to use 'em only in that round or they go away in the next one. But each of you gets three of these. So I'm just gonna go, Bob, your first step you get Is this for the criminals? Do we know what role We have? Not yet. Motion activated at little Ipsy pepper spray Dispensers.


Holy shit. I ho. That could be good for anybody. I'm going to Take notes or something. Hang, I'm gonna like scribble some stuff down. That's A good idea. Yeah. All right. Removing that click. All right, Wade, you get now Bluetooth, jamer. I don't know how useful that is. Well, How will the other person communicate with their partner in crime or not crime? Maybe. I don't know. I should have put like an associate, like a partner in crime on this one. I don't have that here. Anyway, I'll also open it up to whatever you interpret. It can be used. You can use it in whatever way feels fit. I'm Glad you clarified, dude. 'cause I read Bluetooth jamer and I was thinking like you just jammed to some Bluetooth. Oh man, I got a lot of remote stuff.


Voice activated my count. Speed. All right, you have to shout Mime at the top of your Lungs. Work. All right, Wade, you get it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For anyone wa listening, I'm just spinning a wheel. Nothing crazy here. That might work. Fake security badges. Be real Awkward if I'm a security guard with fake patches. Hey, there's still ways to make that work. Don't worry about it. Yeah, for sure. It's up to your own imagination on how these things are gonna help you or hinder your opponent. I was hoping it was gonna be silent whistle. No, it's equally useless. Blowing the dark sunglasses.


All right, and Wade, your final gadget is, I've got so many good ones so far. What? What does that say? Robbery in progress. Notification app. What? That can be useful. I still don't know which side I wanna be outta my items. Oh, I'm robbing this place. No, I like that. I just like that it, if you're not the security guard, I feel like that loses a lot of its usefulness. No, no. What if you are the robber and you get a notification that the alarms have tripped? You know, you could, you Could, you could see that. No, I see, I see. That's true. I see Bob, you is the security guard would be really funny. It was your items. All right. But also you got welcome to the we.


No, this is the location. This, these are where this is going to take place. There's various things here. Some of 'em I was just typing because of alliteration or just 'cause I, I don't, I don't know. Anyway, here we're gonna be, there's where the high will take place. I remember Fort Rocks Prison breakout. All right, so this is the prison robbery or prison breakout. We're Going to rob the prison of a prisoner. Listen, if that's what you want. All right. And now welcome to the wheel of disadvantage. Oh Boy. Oh, look at that. I've got about 30 something items here for various advantages. Disadvantages. Notice that this, that's pointed up directly at edging World record.


Just, just hold on. Okay. All right. Bob, you were first last time. So your first again, I guess. Oh boy. Okay. All right. That's interesting. Are those different? Are those different every round? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna hide that one. Sorry, Wade. That's taken. Wade, you have, you can't hold your breath is basically what I was doing that about. So no matter what, you can't hold your breath.


Well, thank God we're not breaking into an underwater place. I guess How this is gonna work is it's an attack based system. Each of you're gonna take turns and each of you has three lives. You're going to roll against each other, each one of these. And if you do an advantageous move, not only can it, can it give you a bonus, it can take away from the other person's chances to win. So I think it's whoever rolls higher, one gets plus, one gets minus for their rolls on that turn. And then you set up for the next round, try to undo what they did, get ahead of what they did and then see if you can fix this at all.


I also didn't think at all if there was like a, have you even been detected situation? We can just like role play that in. All right, let's just feel it out. Let's see what happens. Do you have a wheel to determine which one of us has which role? Yeah. I'm gonna flip a coin Heads. Bob. Tails Wade For What does it mean? Heads. I'm Wade. Tails Your bob. We'll go. We'll go. Who's the robber? 'cause they're gonna go first no matter what. All right, that's All right. There we go. All right. All right. Heads. Bob's robber tails, Wade. Sales Wade, you are trying to break someone out of prison.


So to catch you up, Wade, you have the world's shortest breath, a Bluetooth jamer, fake security badges, and a robbery in progress app. That's not a prison break in progress app. That's a robbery and progress app. Okay? And I'm in prison trying to get out or what am I'm breaking into the prison to break someone out. That's an interesting, what would you rather do? Would you rather be breaking out? Because that might be more interesting. You're trying to break out, he's trying to keep you in. Let's go. That, that, that's actually better than trying to break someone else out. Okay. You have a lot of stuff for a prisoner. I sure do. And these are the only items I have. I Can't just, yep, you have, you're, I mean, especially if you're a prisoner, you got nothing.


But I'll say you can use the environment to your advantage, but it's, it's bare bones. This is Alcatraz level prison, let's just say is Alcatraz hardest prison to break out of? It's been done before, but it's also in the middle of the ocean. And you have the world's shortest breath. That's a huge disadvantage. I love this. For me, it's time I take a deep breath cough because I can't hold my breath alone to take a deep breath. I slide my toilet over, I go to move into the hole, leaving behind my robbery and progress notification app. It's just like a little pager and like give a little kiss. Not today, but next time.


Slide the toilet back, make sure I've got my security badges. I go out, I see the security guard. I need to cut him off. So I You did, you did, you did one thing. I Slide the toilet and move in. Slide the toilet back. So you're in the wall, right? I'm in the wall. All right. I guess what I should do is roll to see if you got detected. All right, that makes sense here. Yeah. The coughing of my breath covered up the noise. There is a rough probability that you're gonna break a water line and that's not gonna be good for you. I'll give you a 50 50 on that. Thanks. So I'm gonna roll 20. If you get above 10, that worked. No detection, right? Okay, here we go. 20.


What the wait, what the fuck? Nine. No, 19. 19. It wasn't a 20. It was. I rolled at 20 as in like I'm like a 20 Pokemon. I went 20 Go Say I'm having flashbacks. It's good for me. Okay. High was good for me. All right. Don't have to hold my breath. My toilet's moved. I'm in the walls. He's in the walls. All right, Bob. I am, what are they called? Jail prison guard. I'm the prison guard responsible for Wade's level. You could Be the warden. I'll let you be the warden if you wanted to be. Oh, I want to be the warden. Oh, can I be the Prisoner? Oh yeah, you're the Prisoner. You're prisoner number one. Yes. Wait, I think that's worse for me.


Wouldn't I wanna be the least? Yeah, you were there the longest, which means like you have not been successful in any of this. Or I've had the longest time to plan For some reason because I like it as the warden. I just like to sit in my office and stare at all the camera feeds. I just have a big wall of camera feeds up in front of me and I'm just looking. And none of them looks into Wade sell specifically. So I don't think I see what he does, but I'm just, I'm just watching and I'm watching. And on Wade's level, on his wing, I think the security guard is like walking slowly doing like the rounds, right? So at some point here, I'm gonna see the security guard walk past Wade's cell and see that it's empty and start to kind of be like, Hey, wait a minute.


Open it cell number one. This leads me to spring into action. All right. I'm gonna say to you it, it would all depend on where he is on its rounds to give him enough time. Now, Wade might've timed it so that that guard's around. But I'll say like that's also a 50 50 shot of whether or not it's this guard's on the other side. So it might skip this turn for you to even notice, but I'll give you a 50 50. Sure, sure, sure. Alright. Wink. Nat. 20 fucking ears like a fox. Not only do you know he's out of the cell, instantly you're like, like he's in the walls. He's in the goddamn walls. Not even the guard just to me.


I'm just like, He's in the wall. You have an ankle length. I forgot. He's in The wall. He's in the wall. Can we just point out, mark rolling dice would be a terror in an actual DD campaign with all the twenties and nineteens. I don't know what's going on in 1920. All Right, well that couldn't have gone better. Wade. You got a disadvantage point now because you are fucking detected. All right, so all your roles are gonna get a minus one from here on out. Excellent. Your Move. I planned this. I know where the hole in the wall comes out. It comes out on this level security. And there'll be someone, there's an alarm going off. I'm imagining. Yeah, he didn't hit an alarm. He just shouted. I probably heard that. 'cause I'm right next to myself.


I know where the security cameras on this level are and maybe there's a camera watching it. But I'm gonna blend in in real time. So I climb out the hole and I club with my hands 'cause I don't have a club. The security guard in the back of the head to knock him out. Everyone at home is listening. He's got his hands together, you know, fingers inter clocked. And he went above his head and went up in a club straight down with his hands. Ah, you got minus one on your i I guess this is all just gonna be 50 50. So here we go. All right, here we go. You got 19 again. What I the hell. I don't know what the fuck good Thing I've been practicing my can't hold my breath clubbing.


Two hand technique. I, I don't know what's going on. But yeah, total 18. You clubbed him. He's out. He's done. Now my plan can truly go to fruition. All right, Bob, I assume because I'm such a genius at the being warden that the prisoner is going to have to get some kind of disguise or has some kind of disguise. So my immediate reaction is to don my disguise. So I stand up at my warden desk and I yell Mine And my voice activated mime costume springs outta my chest like I'm iron man. I then use the perfect silence that a mime uses to move and do anything to start skulking around.


And I go, I go first to where Wade's cell is because I know where it is. And I, you know What I wonder is if the voice activated registered your voice, 'cause You the tongue Listen in. You can roll whatever dice you want, Man. Lemme Just give a quick, lemme just go a quick little. Hmm. Let's see. Let's see. Not 20. What the fuck? What Mark, hang on. This dice only rolls two numbers. I don't know. This is the Google roll D 20, right on the front page. It's been 19 20, 19 20. This doesn't show a history. So I'm gonna pull up one that actually shows a history.


This just shows that Bob and I are experts in our fields. Alright, anyway, the mime perfect. It's actually tuned directly to your voice. It's nanotech mime suit. I took the time to set it up and train it to my specific voice so that it could We'll give you plus one on your rolls for now because you have the mega mime. I know man, I dunno. I'm the mims. Anyway, I mime my way down to Wade cell and I investigate. I use my mime warden powers to try and figure out exactly what, how he got into the wall or if that's the case or whatever. Alright, let me, you're going into the walls as well. Is that, did I hear that correctly? Possibly. If I can find the way I might follow him. Let Me roll for you.


Yeah. Plus one roll. Oof. Got a six uhoh with this plus one. You got a seven. He tripped on his tongue on the way in the wall. Didn't quite get there Wade. Your turn. All right, so I get two rolls worth of tasks, right? No. All right. So I knocked the guard out, but I don't want anyone to see what happens from this point on. And I'm very thankful that this prison security system has to work on Bluetooth. So I enable my Bluetooth jamer while I put on my security guards outfit. How is this prison Bluetooth enabled? They thought it was very advanced tech about 15 years ago when they installed it. So all of the cameras have to go to these screens via Bluetooth. So if I plug in the Jamer right here, the cameras aren't gonna give any feet.


Isn't it obvious He might be dumb, but I'm gonna roll for him. He's gonna minus one. Maybe completely misunderstanding how this all works. Let's see how it plays out for him. I've been here a while, man. I'm not up to date on news technology. Nope, he doesn't know how Bluetooth works. You rolled an eight minus one gives you a seven. DC five. What? DC was a five. No 10. No you didn't. You you waste your item and you waste your time. Bluetooth jamming. Nothing. Some guards, AirPods stop working. He's like, Hey, wait a minute. Excellent. That's what I wanted. I wanted them to be able to hear me as I move about.


Yeah, I had noise cancellation and everything and like now guard's on the, on the lookout for you. Well Then I put on my security outfit since my item failed. I guess I got a role for your security outfit. Are you the right size? Let's see what happens. I'll let you put it on either way, but it's gonna look real funny if it's not your size. It's, oh, it fits like a glove. Not quite, it's a little tight in the groin, but oh, As everything is I'll give, I'll give you a plus one again. All right, Bob. Somehow I tripped and failed to get into the hole in the wall. And I stand there and look at it for a second and think to myself, I could try again. And then I turn and storm out of the cell silent as a mime, assuming that he's going to go down.


So I start searching down from where I am circling. Look, assuming that the hole just, he went down and got out a hole somewhere beneath his cell. 'cause obviously he's gonna want to get to the ground floor. And so I just start silently miming around like, like looking through boxes and pulling on ropes and whatever mimes do, there's an elevator just to see if I can see any signs of him having come out of the other end of wherever that wall hole leads to see if I've got any more clues. All right, sounds good. I'm also gonna s my picturing is, you know, Mr. X from Resident Evil in the big trench coat, you know in the hat. That's you as a mime right now.


Pretty much. And also I'm gonna say since you rolled Nat 20 on mime, I'll give you some leeway in the mime worlds of power. You won't be able to like shoot him with a mime gun. But you know, so you're still a plus one roll man. You shouldn't have cursed all those nineteens and twenties, man. You got two plus one three. That's not great. Whatever you were trying to accomplish didn't happen. I was Just trying to see if I could see him. He's going down the stairs looking for me. Well I fall down the stairs to my death. No, you didn't fall. It wasn't a, it wasn't a one. You got a two very close. You could have tripped on your tongue down the stairs. You land on a mine pillow case. Yeah, you, you don't see nothing, nothing, nothing.


Nothing locked over you. Well that stinks. Was that a limited enough action for you, Wade? Oh wait till you see mine. Wait till you see mine. I'm thinking outside the box here. This prison guard I just put on his outfit we're a perfect fit, which means he's a perfect fit for my prison garb. So I dress him up in my prison garb. That's true. I Don't even know if you need to roll for that. I feel like that's allowed to happen. I You want me to roll for that wade? Well I was gonna put him back in my cell afterward. If I, if he just fits then I'll, my actually putting him back in the cell. I think You can assume he fits. 'cause obviously we, like you would know. So putting him back would be the action.


Whether he fits through the wall and back into your cell. There's always a risk he could, you're shoving him in there. You could bump a water pipe and then you'd be in trouble. Well, I'm not trying to put him back in the hole. I'm the guard now. I'm opening the door, putting him back in there. He is been found alarms can go off, the mime can go back to his office. You're going Shouting at the top of your lungs with an unconscious body over your head. I got a voice. Yes. No one would ever expect me to draw attention to myself. It's a, it might be a good move. I'm a roll. It was a bad move. Your voice turns out not like that guards at all. I got it. Your voice cracks.


Remember how I talk? Yeah, no, that didn't work. Every like I think the warden is clued in. How bad was my role? It was a five. You did, you shouted at the top of your lungs. What did you, you you said out loud. I got 'em Boys. That's right. And I do. All right, so he only heard you, he heard you and knows that you're trying to trick him. He doesn't see you. He didn't see you in the last one. So he doesn't seen you but he heard you. And as a silent mime, he knows the world of sound. Not at all. I don't know which one you wanna take As a silent mime. He knows noise. I don't make noise. I intake noise. I know about noise. Okay, so I know that weight is loose.


I understand it now. I know that there's only one way in and out of the prison there's a little, there's like a multiple gate set up type thing where you go through one and then it closes and you go through the next one. Very like prison. I go, I go for that 'cause I know that's the way and I take my motion activated pepper spray. Oh shit. And I set it on the ground. I go to the middle of the chamber between the two doors that he has to go through to get out. And I set it on the ground and I forget how quickly it activates. So I push the button to turn it on immediately and then I'm sort of standing over it looking at it just like, hmm.


But I know even if I'm trapped here, he will also be trapped here if he comes to try and get out the exit. I don't know how to de decide this one. 'cause I was like, items are success no matter what. But are you trapped in there? I don't know. I guess my, my action is, I decide I'm gonna run for it and I make a break for the gate to get back onto the inside of the prison and see if I can leave that there. I hope it doesn't hit you like in the tongue. That'd be gross. I guess because it has to point inward and you want to go back inward and it's like a clay more level. I'll say that You got a plus one on this. This will probably work. Yeah, you're fine. You're back in pepper spray is activated and you're standing at the front, the, the entrance.


Just like But like a mime. Like a mime. Yeah. For the listeners I was looking around like a mime. Imagine a mime looking around. That's what I was doing. Oh yes. We should do a silent mime episode sometime for the listeners. Wait, due to the shouting and the fact that he's now set up a trap and cut off one escape route, I'm adding a, I'm adding a disadvantage point here. So you're back down to minus one. He's, he's, he's being smart about this. I Shouted clearly they bought it. I opened the cell, I tossed the former prison guard in and now it's time to just waltz out a normal guard entrance exit. I pull out my fake security badges, prepare to flash them to the other guards and I walk toward what I, wherever I presume maybe the guard's coming and out for the day.


The Exit door that I'm miming right in front of that exit door. Yep, I'm on my way. Okay. Okay. Got it. I assume as far as I know, my plan worked so seamlessly. I don't know. I rolled a five. Alright, in this regard, the scenario is as follows. You are wearing a security guard outfit that well fitting little tight in the groin, but well fitting in front of you are a number of other security guards and the warden at the front of the gate and you can't see the pepper spray trap behind him. So you're just assuming he's standing in front. So your move is just to confidently be like, I'm a security guard. They all buy it. I'm going for it. Right? My shift ended, I'm clocking out.


Not my fault. There's a prison break. Having the guy's back in the cell, the guy's back in the sale. I'm clocking out. Warren, I I suggest you Don't talk, I just, I'm gonna throw that out to you. Just No, It's worked so far I believe. But you Are using your fake security badges. You do have that. That was one of the things. So I'm giving that as a plus one. This seems like a real risky play. I would imagine. I've got a role to get by both Bob and his trap. Yeah, let's say you have to roll twice. That makes sense. So number one, all the guards, other guards, they don't give a shit. They're just like hourly. They don't care. But the warden I care He is got a mime outfit and a big tongue.


I know that man cares. Yeah. So you're at a minus one. Let's see if you, okay, let's see if you trick the warden, you got fake security badge. That's also a plus one. So let's say you're actually at net zero 18. Warden doesn't know, but you don't know that there's a pepper spray trap right behind him. I Do not know that. You do not know. So he's like, ah, have a good night. Your shift must be over. He Can't hear my accent as I mime. Bye bye. Yeah, we, we mime at each other When the warden's wearing his mime outfit. I don't say bye to him. I mime it. His badge doesn't give him an advantage with the pepper spray. Right. So he loses that. All Right. I'll say, yeah, I'll say that was the only towards the warden.


All right. Minus one again. Come On pepper spray. You got a nat 20. No, I, I swear to God You Got a fucking nat 20 I but minus one. But even so that was still wildly successful. I don't know how the fuck you did that. I'm walking down the stairs toward the exit. I think getting by Bob and the pepper spray would probably count as My turn. Yeah, I mean you Yeah, Probably. Yeah. Yeah. So not only did you get by him, the pepper spray did not go off. And by all accounts he might be out the front door. I know how I convinced the pepper spray not to go off. I give it the, you can't see me as I walk by.


The prison Break was not the archetype of this whole thing. 'cause the other one had like a very clear like if you get the thing, you also have to get out with the thing. But this one is just, you have to get out. Oh, I We're, we are not done This isn't it? There's more steps to get out of a prison then get through the main gate of the prison lock you're trapped in. That's All right. He's outside. Bob, you don't know the pepper spray did not go off. But That's weird. That's a little weird. I'll give you that much. It's a little weird. It's also still armed and behind you so fuck Yeah, no, I'm gonna have to deal with that. Alright, I'm standing inside of the door. I'm mind my goodbyes to old, what's his face? And I recognize his badge and I'm like, huh.


He shave and he walks out and then right as he gets past the pepper spray, right as the second gate closes and he started to walk away from up above from Wade's cell. I just hear someone shout this is Gary. Gary's in the cell into a prisoner number one guy gone. I should have gagged him. He, he doesn't shout. Someone else has gone and investigated. 'cause I was in there and they were like, why'd the warden go in there? And then you were their, your body was unconscious and they looked and it's they. So I've suddenly, I'm aware am I allowed to do that? Yeah, I'll say you, you add two and two together. Here are your disadvantages here.


You didn't notice him. That's a minus one. The pepper spray is still active behind you. That's another minus one. He is outside. That's another minus one. I'm gonna give you a minus three on this one. Ooh. With your plus one mime, that brings you up to minus two. So you, you, what are you doing? You're turning around and you're like, I hear that. And I realized that the guard that just left must be prisoner number one. I dashed through the first gate into like the chamber, like the middle chamber thing. And I have a thought and I go into like the security office and I pull the main breaker that turns off all the lights and it's dark plunge into darkness. And then I do that mime thing where I'm all, and I have an idea and I take out my glow in the dark sunglasses and I go and get 'em going and put 'em on my face and I've got my glow in the dark sunglasses now that probably helped me see in the dark.


And then I dash mily out of the security office through the other gate and I just start chasing after wade like a madman. How much of that do I need to roll for? How much do I get away with? Alright me? I think that the sunglasses might help you with the pepper spray getting by the pepper peppers break as your eyes are protected. It's kind of a side thing I was hoping is they might deflect some of the pepper spray a little bit. But alright, So here's where we stand. I'll give you, you could pull the breaker 'cause you're like, oh fuck, shit's about to go down. Putting on the sunglasses means not only can't you see more in the dark, but it was already dark. You can't see the glowing around your peripheral kind of ruins your night vision.


Yeah, I was afraid of that. I will Give you, that does help counter the pepper spray. So you're at a minus one. Minus one minus one. I'll give you you only, those are minus three plus one. I'll give you the sunglasses. Counteracted a little bit of that pepper spray. So you're, I guess you gotta get outside. That's the first thing. So you're not Adam, you just gotta get through this pepper spray. Let's see if you do that. Barely. Oh no, barely. You had a 13 so you just get outside. I bet that pepper spray went off. I'm pretty sure. So there's pepper spray dripping off of you, but you can still, you got That big tongue. Oh yeah. My tongue. Tongue fucking my ankle, legs, tongue. Oh. So yeah, you're outside dripping snot drooling with your tongue tongues swirling up immediately.


Wade, do You, does he get to know how to get out or does he still have to sort of figure out exactly how to get all the way out of the prison? I guess I should have outlined what the success parameters was. Let's say he's at the front door, but he is still on Alcatraz. So he has to get off the island. I'll say that as soon as he's off the island he is free. Does that mean in the water? Yeah, like once you're like on a boat off the island or something or, But for your specific scenario you can't swim 'cause you have the world's shortest breath. So I'm out the front door. Am I still like in a locked gated area? No, you're out. You're out. I would say there's another far gate, like towards the dock or whatever there is. But that's, you're in an open courtyard.


That's almost all the way to the shore. But it wouldn't matter if there are walls or not. It's all ocean. There's one dock at the end there that has boats where people come in and out of. Yeah. Having actually been to Alcatraz, I can tell you it's a big hill that you have to go down. There's like a big hill that kinda winds up 'cause the prison is on top and the dock is way down at the water. So you have to kind of like find your way down the hill. And then there is only one actual dock. And weirdly, he has turned off all the power, which means there's no lights. But I imagine there's also, there's no power at the dock And there's no Bluetooth Wherever you go. No Bluetooth. Excellent. I walk down, I start making my way down the hill.


I want to make a perception check for anything that might have a little bit of buoyancy. I'll allow you that. Let's see how perceptive is your character? You didn't know the Bluetooth worked, you didn't realize your shouting wasn't helpful. I don't think you're terribly perceptive. Yeah. Despite the fact that it worked. I do think shouting as you walk out the door, if the prison was pretty bold move, I'm gonna specifically make this about your perception. 'cause otherwise you're at, you're, you're not at too much of a disadvantage. But well, It's not dark out here. So the power wouldn't affect me out here. Right. I guess I didn't say what time of the day. I should add a wheel for the exact clock of what time of day it was. Roll for It. All right, I'm gonna roll D 24. See how, what time of day this is.


Zero to six is what morning. Then we'll do seven to, It is 5:00 AM There's just a sliver of sunlight coming up. Just a sliver Does not help my eyes too much. Yeah, I would say there's some light. It's not too bright. I'll give you a minus. I'll give you a minus two for your history. I would've done three, but it's a little brighter out there. All right. You got a minus two bon, How good is it? You got a one. I find a cinder block and I'm thinking to myself, This Has to float and I carry it down the hill with me. So you gotta slow down fucking Brick.


It's got that hole in the middle, which means that it floats. It's pretty boat. Like The poor war in the world's dumbest criminal is getting All right. He's warden. You blink, blink, blink. You still got the sunglasses on you and, and you're, You're looking around for him. I do. You need to roll a Perception check. I don't know if I Good idea. What Do you do? Just tell me what you did. I Guess I'm suffering from all the pepper spray. I make it outside. I'm pretty close behind him. Do can I roll a perception check to see if I see him in the distance or am I completely clueless?


I'm gonna assume because you have the sunglasses on. That was the one thing that you got protected from the pepper spray is your eyes and it's, there's just a sliver of sunlight. It's dark and you're in, in hell. The lights are off. I'd say like a minus one. 'cause he, he did have the glasses on. I think that's fair. But this isn't gonna, this is just a perception to see if he sees it. If he doesn't make this, then you're pretty much scot free with your brick, I guess. I don't know if it counts as getting away. If I go drown myself in a minute, we'll find out. He sees you. That's all I'll say. He won the perception check. He sees you and he's like that way, which is probably obvious 'cause the docs are that way and you're like, he'd probably go that way anyway.


So that's where he looked and that's where he saw you. He doesn't see what you're carrying. He doesn't see anything else. He's just like, Oh, I'm carrying a real heavy flotation device. Which means it's real Buoyant as the warden. I know that there are overgrown, but that they are their secret paths that lead directly from the prison exit down to the dock. And I see him over taking the main road. And I think to myself, I'm just gonna, I think it's right here. I'm just gonna throw myself down this hill. I think pretty sure that there's some stone steps that lead right down to the dock and I'll cut 'em off. I'm, I'm, I'm 90% certain that they're in there somewhere.


And so I just sort of generally aim at where I think the steps should be. And I hope that by some miracle, I basically fling myself down the side of a cliff and land head on my feet at the docks in front of him. To cut him off with your Tongue is like dragged slow you down. I it's, I can't even feel it. So much pain from the pepper spray. My tongue is just a floppy appendage of agony. Right now I'm looking at this picture and I gotta Share this picture for the viewers. I Hope this is a fucking, this is a multi-tiered 40 foot fall from here. That's, and then it's another one down here. It's like you're falling fucking Yeah, but if you do, if you look really close in the middle, you can totally see there's like probably maybe some steps that were used to be, they're, they're stones, so they blend it.


It's fine. That's a Fucking drain. Fucking drain. The warden. I'm the warden. I, I don't know man. This is a real tough role. But Can I just say that's not actually the main way to get down to the dock. Oh, okay. Generally speaking, good hook. I'm just, I'm realizing now. So that lighthouse is sort of at the front of the prison, but to the right of this, 'cause you see the dock is down to the right. Oh, I see. Okay. All right. The road actually leads to the right and then down away from the camera perspective on this, it does Look a bit more foliage esque. So that that more of like a sloppy side of the right side of the, the rock there.


That's where the road goes down to the dock. So imagine I'm running to the right in this picture and down that it's still basically a cliff for parts of it. But there's, there's some steps in there or a ladder or vines to swing on. There's a ladder. You're diving Face. First down, He's walking away with no one even aware other than me that he's out of prison. So I'm, this is my, this is my Hail Mary last ditch here. All right. I'm gonna give you like a one in four chance that it, that, that it gets you close. This wouldn't stop him. Wait, I do one more thing before I, before I throw myself off the cliff, this, I'm allowed to do this.


It's an item. I, I pause and I go, you know what, I don't need to be stealthy anymore. And I go mine and my mime voice activated mime costume sucks back into my nano nanobot chest thing that it hides in. And, and then with a full battle cry and screaming and expressing the pain of the pepper spray. Then I eat myself. I go like off the side of the mountain. Just like that helps, right? Man, there's so many, you lose your mime advantage. So I was gonna put you at a, a one in four, But this is no longer stealth. This is no longer stealth. This is, this is the opposite. That was your Nat 20 M suit.


So it had moderate mime powers. Okay, let's see. Okay, it passed. You got 17. Even with minus six, that's, you're there, he's catching up To me. I'm standing somehow on the dock in some condition. He's not standing. He is, you are not standing. You are, you are on your, on the ground wade. You're, you're shuffling along with your cinder block and you hear mine and you hear, and then you look to your left just in time for the warden up land in the dirt right next to you. But his head whips up and goes, looks right.


It looks dead at you. He's, he's on the ground broken many bones, but he's looking right at you. I've got him now Are we close to the docks at this point or at the docks? You're like on the dock, I hope. 'cause I can't move anymore. The final showdown area. I look him in the eye and I say, you're never catch me. Would And I jump off the dock with my cinder block out ready to be buoyed away. He's gotta have a better than 50 50 chance of dying from that, right? Yes. 'cause I can't hold my breath. It's absolutely, If he is down for a second, he is dead.


Do you want to check your robbery app before you jump? No, I left that in my cell. He left that in the cell. He abandoned that immediately. You know what I will do? I'll take off my security badge and throw it at 'em. It was me the whole time. Orden and I'll jump in with my cinder block ready to be floated away. Dude, I'm not gonna lie to you. I don't see a single way that this works out for you. Me Either. But having to swim, having not the, the ability to hold my breath and believing my nat one cinder block can float Out of pity for you. I'm gonna give you the exact same chance that Bob had that it's at right now.


With a minus six. I'm Asking for worse. I'm giving you, because for some reason you've been one step ahead of him this whole way. I'm gonna say, hey, maybe you picked up a styrofoam cinder block. There was a prop how they were shooting a movie on Alcatraz at this time. Maybe you know, You're the DM man. No, just ain't fucking happened. You just sink like a rock. You sink like a cinder block. Two seconds in, You dead out of unconscious sink. You're Not even that deep. You're like two feet deep. My feet are still on the ground. It's just my face and the block. You went out arms first. Your arms got trapped under the cinder block. You're like, oh, then dead Bob.


You have To witness it to witness the world's greatest Idiot. I Was lay laying there in a heap completely immobilized. Watching him drown himself. Yeah, exactly. You just see bubbles on the surface with, I just love, like I peel off the fake mustache, throw my security badge. Grab my cinder block. Looking you in the eyes. I dive in to a teaspoon deep of water and drown. All right, Well that, that didn't go how that man way to go. Bob, you won. That's, no, that's not the end. I'm still there. Oh yeah, you, so I want, I want one more action. I want one more action.


Hang on. I need to think of the perfect line. Yep. Okay. Got it. From my heap of myself on the ground, I, I watched this all happen and I, I look, I'm still wearing my glow in the dark sunglasses. Right? Did those stay on my face? Yeah. Yeah. You never took those off. I think even in the falling down, they shielded you so you could still see 'em. I look over at him and miraculously one of my arms is still pretty functional. So I look over and I see what happens and then I look right in the camera and I say, I guess his fender block didn't fuck up. Wow. The CS I Miami theme plays Well laying there. The dock next to Wade's dead body.


No, no, no music. Just you screaming 'cause your Bluetooth doesn't work still. Wow. Won Give food again. Just, just me laying there on the dock, singing that song to myself. Yeah, You did, You did it. Even outta minus six, you did it. Good job. Bob Warden always gets the last word. Jesus Christ. I don't even know how to score this one. Bob. You get the win point. You did it. I Guess I'm just glad it came down to the last possible moment. I don't think we have time for any other, I had so much more. I'm gonna refine the idea. I'm gonna refine it a bit. What I think this could do with is more clear win loss scenarios, multiple paths, but specific paths.


I'll come up with those for each scenario so that we have really strict guidelines. What's there, what's available, what's the technology and yada yada, so that it could be clear. But I think you guys did the best you could with what you had proud of you. I feel Like I got a pretty good outcome considering all the, the advantages Wade had. You Started, started off so strong and then your roll like, fuck you. I started off so weak and then everything worked out, but that natty one on the cinder block was pretty rough for me. It just went all downhill from there. And like with a Natty one, it's like, it's bad enough where I have to believe it would still work. So like, you know. All right, so we well that's all the time we have for, so the point stand it follows Bob for mentioning the infinite technic explosion.


You got a point on the, the small talk section. Wade, you crushed the small talk though. You the, you started off with I can't un wet. That was great. I subtracted a point though. For to die to feast. I just weirded me out. No. Anyway, drunk Minecraft was not in the Minecraft movie. Tragedy. You could point and John Hasina booed. Oh, boop, right. John Cena. All right. That's right. So you stand at plus two for the small tox. That's good. Then Bob, the nat 20 mime, he's in the walls. The pepper spray trap.


The glasses was a not smart move. I'll give you point for it. You, you threw yourself down the hill, which by sheer bravado I gave you 0.4 and then you won. So by no action of your own, you won 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. So they stand at seven and then one, two, Wade, you used to see it at the toilet. You clubbed the guard real good. You stole his outfit. You shouted, get 'em boys or I got 'em, boys. That's it. You had the confidence to walk out there in front of everybody And it worked. You were so perceptive. And then it was me the whole time. So that's plus two, nine. You're at nine. Oh, shit. So even though Bob technically won, you're, you're shrewd.


Nature really got you there. Well, It ain't over. Would you like me to do the, the final wheels since I have the Yes, Please. I'm rolling a Oh no wait, you roll it? Yeah, I'll roll it. Yes. Three. Hey, wait a minute. Three threes in a row. Wheels rigged. What's the score at now? Nine to what? Seven nine. What are You adding mark? Most perceptive, which I don't know, which one of you two were most perceptive in this episode? Bob Succeeded. One perception. Did I succeed any Bob missed you walking right past him and threw his pepper spray trap. Listen, hey, I don't, I think I only perceived once and I failed though.


I, I rolled a gnat one on my fail. All right. All right. All right. We're gonna, we're gonna spin the kerger three spins. Oh, Most travel since, ooh, interesting. Okay. Who? I have gone downtown a couple times since we last recorded and over to Mason. Wait, have you left your house? I've left my house three times. But you've gone downtown a couple of Times. Well, to the museum center, it's down off the Ezra Charles exit. It's like exit one G or whatever. So it's like way west of downtown, but it's down there. I think that distance, if you've done that more than once, beats the three trips I've made.


'cause mine haven't been that far. Well, it goes to Bob's traveled the most around. I've Traveled like four or five times, but I've not gone very far. Yeah, gotta go places. Spin number two shirt closest to, well, we're both wearing gray shirts and Wade's background is kind of gray. I do have like gray over here in the back. The, my wall color is gray, but my light color is purple. I'm going to color picker this. We're going to actually be precise about this. All right. Science. Science. All right. I'm going to take a color picker. Actually, I'm gonna take a screenshot of both of you just took it. I'm gonna put it here into Photoshop.


Can you do one thing for me? Can you take the screenshot now? What did you do? Nothing. I'll take two screenshots and I'm gonna compare them if you changed anything, I'm gonna be real mad. I don't think I changed anything. I think it's fine. Are you So I Could see it? I could see it. All right, I'm gonna do this. I did it. That's it. My lights go on and off. You just have to catch it on the right cycle. Hey? Yeah. Mark, can you, can you take a screenshot of me now too? No, No, no. It was when the wheel was rolled. So I'm taking a color value of your shirt, Bob, which is for the hash value. It's 2D, 2D two F. That's a good hash value. That's some good hash. Is that a drug or is that a hash brown? Wade, your shirt according to your camera is 2D, Or not 2D Two six.


Two three. Two B. Two B Shit, Not two B. Bob, your background in this screenshot, and I'm gonna give you the advantage. I'm not gonna take it from where the purple light is. The brightest. Yeah. Can you take it from like right here? Yeah. The section of the wall. Alright. Or up here somewhere. Somewhere where the purple is less is more diffused. I'm gonna do close to that lamp, but not where the light is specifically shining on. That's, that's what I'll give you. Does that sound fair, wade? Yeah. As long as you take this specific panel for me. I think It's still reading as a dark purple. Bob, yours is three C one. A five five As if I know what the distance between CEX values is.


No, no, no. We, we'll figure this out, man. This is a great way to do this. And I do see Wade. Yeah, your, your panels are slightly gray. There's black ones and there's slightly gray ones. I'm gonna try to pick in between. They're all actually the same color. It is just the way the light hits them whenever they're horizontal versus vertical. I got o, I got what says zero zero D, zero D, 0 7, 0 E. And I'm going to go to some calculator and we're gonna find which one of these is closer in value. Just Subtract the first one from the second one and whoever's value is bigger, they lose. I mean, that's technically how it works, right? It's just a hex value. 2D 2D two F three C one, A five, five for Bob.


We've got 2 6 2 3 2. BOD oh seven OE for wade. Bang. Come on. Is it a tie? No, it's not answering. This is gonna be worth it guys. This is gonna be worth it. Oh man. I was six Fs away. Bob was seven. One Cs away. We got it. Okay, so you calculate, you convert them to RGB then compute the Euclidean distance between each of the different colors. As one does 2D, 2D two F converts to 45, 45, 47 in terms of RG and B three C one. A five, five converts to 60 26, 85.


Those are pretty different. So you get 65 minus 45 squared plus 26 minus 45 squared plus 85 minus 47 squared. Take a square root of the sum of all of those. You get the square root of 2030, which is 45.05. That's Not bad. You take 26, 23 2 B, which is 38, 35, 43, and zero D, 0 7, 0 E, which is 13 7, 14 38 minus 13 squared, plus 35 minus seven squared, plus 43 minus 14 squared is the square root of 2,250, which is 47.3. You are 2.38 more different way than your background.


And I think it's purely because you're so much brighter than your background. It Is very bright. I can't wait for the comments of like, so instead of saying gray, not purple, brown knot, brown, gray, knot gray, they're doing, I'm okay with this. I love this number. That means I lose. Yes. You lost. Are we Currently tied? Yes, you are tied right now. Oh heck. And I think if, if people punch in the code that I picked for Bob, it is a purple. It is a dark purple. Very dark, but it, I picked a dark purple for Him. I'm sure that people will check your work and I'm sure it will be correct. I think what it is is, Bob, your shirt is catching some purple light, so it's making your gray a dark gray purple.


But all the purple is behind me if I'm honest. And I, I did not pick the bright purple area and wade it is, it's gray on gray, but tonally the distance, distance between your grays, because your gray shirt is so much brighter than you, but I've got black Stripes. Oh, you can't even see the stripes with all the compression. Yeah. My, My screenshot does not show stripes. It's just gray blocks. It's hard to see unless you're close up. Yeah, it's by a slight difference. But technically the luminance value is far more different than the actual color luminance value of there. So by a tiny margin, I knew we should have Added luminance value to the wheel. All right, next. I did that. As fair as I possibly could have. I I went to Length. That is true. That's very true.


Third and final spin. Oh, please don't be the viewers, Viewers, viewers. Oh, oh, Oh. I have no idea Who said fuck the most. All right, gimme the transcript of the episode. Gimme The transcript. I don't think that exists yet. Gimme the transcript. Did any of us, I don't remember saying fuck very much. I definitely said it a couple times. I didn't say it an extraordinary amount. I Don't think either one of us cursed an extraordinary amount. We were very just in the free spin or Mark. You're the, you're the dm, you decide. Yeah, I I would say re-spin is on the table here. This is a not super clear one and going word for word through the whole thing. I would love to scientific it, but without a transcript.


I really can't say. Unfortunately. We don't have instantaneous transcripts right now. Well, I could set that up. I could, but I'll have to, we'll have to do that from telling you it's gonna be fair. Oh God. Grease spins. All right. Spin number three again. No, the tide wheel. The tide wheel wheel boy. Four Listeners. Bob, we tied. Good job. Yeah. Good job buddy. Alright. Yay. Woohoo. One man show one man show. It's fine. No, it's not gonna be that. It's very unlikely. It's like, you know, this is my D 20 that I'm, What's the one man show thing?


Supposed to be at 12 Or 14 I think. Is that right? I think it was 14 last time. I do think it's actually a 16. Oh wait, no, that's what I figured this out before. This is, this is out of 360, so I need the proportion. What is 16% of three? I forgot, I forgot about this. This, this scale is 360 degrees is the whole thing. So I need 360 times 0.1 6, 57. 57 and a half. Do we round up or down Please? Round down. 57. It is. Oh, that looks way bigger. Wait. Whoa, look how big that looks. Maybe we Weren't at, oh, maybe We weren't at 16, I don't think. I don't think we were. That feels large. Seems right to me.


Here's the winter wheel spin with a 16% chance of mark being the second one man show ever. Oh, Look at it now. Now it really looks like the red's just out there. Oh, oh no. Oh, thanks. Fuck. All right. Wade wins. Wade wins. God all that. Woo. Okay. Also, I just wanna say if it's still on the table like it was today, when you win the one man show, can you call the thing we say to make the coin flip thing happen then I'm not gonna use right now. So then you'd have to do, if you lose, you have to do two one-man shows. Is that the deal for that though? I think, Yeah. Yeah, that one's really high stakes. What happens if you win That the other two guys each have to do a one-man show?


I don't know. I Guess you get to rehost. I don't know. Whatever. We don't know 'cause it didn't happen. Maybe someday. All right, well we're gonna call that there. Bob, sorry you, you worked so hard, Wade. Congratulations. Thank you. Let's do user speech first. Bob, I fought through a lot today as the warden and I feel like I really, with what I had to deal with, did pretty well and I did actually win ultimately, even though ultimately I lost, but sub ultimately I won. So I'll just hold that in my heart of hearts and know that the truth is that I beat Wade because he was too stupid to know what a cinder block is. Anyway, congratulations to me The loser.


Well, well said, well said Wade. I may not know how to use a Bluetooth jam. I maybe had a useless robbery app, but my security badges, my brilliance, my great vocal impressions got me out of that prison. I might not have escaped Alcatraz, but I ain't going back to jail coppers 'cause I'm dead death. This is the end. We will all see one day and therefore I win by getting there. Now Memento Morrie, Well I'm gonna refine this idea. I wanna get to more scenarios in the next one. Much like with Nod, when I was, I was going for that kind of vibe. I think I've got, we've tested it once.


The Perfect Crime part two will be better than this one. Even though this one was very funny. You guys did great. So thank you so much for all of your hard work. Thank you all for all of your hard listening. For the listeners who came in third place, viewers, you're on the shit list. Keep up. You're not even on the scoreboard. What are you doing? Terrible record. Thank you everybody. Be sure to follow the podcast Merch. Never shut up about it. Unless no follow these guys. My cream Lord, meaning 7, 7, 7 and me. Mark Bly. Thank you. Podcast. Out.