
It's that time of year everyone's trying to get healthy cardio or weights, shake or smoothie. Tai Chi or Tahitian Kickboxing. That is the sound of decision fatigue people. Luckily unsweetened Almond Breeze. Almond milk is an easy call with fewer calories than dairy milk and none of the sugar. It's the obvious choice. Find almond breeze at your supermarket. One cup of full dairy milk contains 150 calories and 12 grams of sugar versus one cup of almond breeze. Unsweetened original contains 30 calories and zero grams of sugar.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode well Born wait to Dino Dude suggest Distractible doobies disengages and test his tribu powers Magneto mark abuses caffeine creates convolution, then defends democracy and magic bowls. Barbarian. Bob is fry. The fiend refuses legal cred suggests extra spins. And Sams the sub Reddit from disturbing dentistry to rewritten regulations. Ha, it's time for The Council of Distractible part two.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Enjoy. I just realized I'm not sure who does the intro for this. I think last time we all said it at the same time. Hello. Hey everyone, buddy, my name is welcome. Distractible episode Your favorite weird Today Host Dogs. Favorite place to poop. My name's Bob, I'm Wade. Are we doing the whole thing? No, that's the episode. Thanks for coming everybody. Podcast. Oh, if it wasn't clear from the title, which a lot of you might have no idea what that title means, this is Council of Distractible part two.


We've done this before. We did film the boat episode as required back in June of 2024. It's almost exactly a year ago we did the previous council. It's time to think back. It's time to sort out some business. It's like When the dentist gives you a pop quiz, two of your favorite things at once. Does That happen? Yeah. Pop quiz, whether you flossed or not. And he knows the answer. He is like, do you need this tooth? I think so. No, you don't yanks it out. I think I told that story on this podcast, but that happened to me once. Dental Pop quiz. No, the no you don't. And then the youin to tooth out. That sounds familiar. I had a serious problem with the roots of one of my back, one of my molars.


And it got like, just got worse and I kept putting it off. And when I finally went in, they did like an x-ray and the dentist was kinda like, I'm not sure how that thing's still in there. And they literally like, no, no anesthesia. Anesthetic or anything. Literally we're just like, watch. And it, I was like, oh, that makes sense I guess. Did it hurt? Yeah. Well it was hurting the whole time. So when they did that, it stopped hurting and I was like, ah. Last time I went to the dentist, which was like a year ago, so I really gotta get back there. I didn't have a cavity, but it was like I had some gum issue. Right. And they wanted to do a gum graft and they were like, make sure that you're flossing every day until your appointment. And I did.


I flossed every day until my appointment. Then I forgot when my appointment was And I get a call saying like, Hey, you missed this. You gotta pay a late fee. I'm like, oh why? Oh, that's why I was flossing every day. I did it for a month straight. I had the best gums. It was amazing. I, it was so much cleaner. And then I stopped doing it after that. I was like, well I don't need to do it anymore. I'm not gonna reschedule that or anything. They, they asked me to pay money. I'm insulted. And then I stopped doing it like an idiot. I'm gonna schedule my appointment right now. I'm diabetic. And so I'm pretty good about managing my doctors and stuff. The dentist is like the polar opposite. I don't know why it's so hard for me to give a shit about the dentist.


And I do not have great teeth. I probably have more serious issues 'cause it's been too long since I've been to one. But like, and even it comes up, I'll have the thought, I'm like, oh I should, yeah, I should make sure I have an appointment with my doctor. Ah, of course I do. I should maybe find a dentist to go to. I don't wanna do that. That's, Yeah, I wanna do that. I'm weird. I've always preferred the dentist to the normal doctor. Incorrect opinion. I know no one feels that way. Why? Why though? Why? That's they scrape and they kick and the noise in your head it's, it's unpleasant. No, I get it. It's like, you know, generally speaking, there's something nice about just sitting back in a big chair, closing your eyes and you know, I get it, Wade, you and me we're the same.


We're the same. They Get those jagged tools in there and they're like, how's your dog? I think it's simple. The reason is, I was such a big fan of dinosaurs as a kid that whenever I'd go to the dentist, like they always had these like little toys you could take home if you were good at the dentist. And they had like a whole bowl of dinosaur toys and I wanted to collect them all. So I was always excited to go to the dentist so I could get the next dinosaur toy. And I think that just permanently like dentist equals dyno. I like dyno, I like dentist. Whereas the doctor just, you know, gave you shots or touched your balls and that was it. Then you go home, it's like nothing. You And me, wade, same. Same brain. Same brain. Plus You go home, your teeth are all like clean and stuff.


Well and so d do you ever have any, I mean cavities, do you ever have any serious teeth thing? Because like I had braces for six or seven years or something. I had a lot of stuff in with my teeth and my mouth. That was like very unpleasant. 'cause the orthodontist is not the dentist, but it's all mentally, it's all connected. And I hated that shit. So I did. You did, is your teeth were your teeth always Just like they cleaned them And it was fine. And you were good And it was easy. I Mean I had cavities here and there. Like I, I had braces. There Was like an eight year period where I didn't go to the dentist like college. And right after college I just had no money or insurance. And I was like, the last thing I'm gonna do is spend my money to go pay someone to tell me my teeth are dirty. Like I know that I'd brush 'em, but like I could see that there's like the buildup.


I can know that I need to go to the dentist, but I can't afford the dentist. So for like eight years I didn't go. Then I went back and they were like, Hmm, hate to tell you bad news. You got three cavities. I was like, wait eight years. I've only got three cavities. I could go another eight. But I go twice a year to the dentist now twice A year. Is that the recommended amount? Yeah. You Get cleanings every six months. Jesus Christ. I think I've had one cavity my entire life. Well, okay. No, I had another, but it was when I had still had baby teeth. So it was while I was very young. And my dad was really pissed about this because I had a cavity in my baby teeth and the orthodontist that I went to was like, ah, I'm gonna fill that up and charge money for this. So we did it and charge money and my tooth like fell out 'cause it was a baby tooth a month later.


Yeah, that seems like bullshit. Yeah. So it was, and my dad was really pissed about that. I can remember I, one of the, I'm, I rarely get cavities, but I have like no cavities but serious, serious issues where I have like root issues and all kinds of fun shit. But I had a cavity and a baby tooth and I remember the tooth fell out and I was looking at it. I was like, wow, that's like mostly cavity at this point. God damn. It's just a hole. I, it was, it was interesting. Good thing I didn't keep that one. I Never had braces or anything, but I had a couple cavities filled throughout life. I had my wisdom teeth pulled when I was a teenager. I dunno if you guys remember this, but this was like four or five years ago. A good portion of my tooth just broke off. I think it was an airhead. If I remember the story correctly.


I had it in my basement, which was really cold, so it like hardened, which I didn't think about. And I went and I just bit into it and I was like, oh, there's a crunchier airhead than I'm used to. Oh no. And then I like reached in and just, I was like, what is that? And I remember looking in the mirror and just like half of it felt like half of my front tooth was missing. And I was like, my career is over. I could never look at a camera again. And then I found out they could just fix that shit. Now They fixed that super easy. I actually, in my senior year of high school, I, I was holding my tuba And it got hit into my face. I chipped one of my front two teeth right in the middle. I think I've had to have one go back once and have them re like put the, the whatever cap on or whatever it is.


Yeah. They've basically permanently fixed it at this point. It's awesome Because I was worried. I was like, oh, they're gonna have to yank it and give me like a cadaver tooth or something crazy. I have to give you one of them. George Washington lead teeth. I heard that. I have no idea if it's true or not, but I believe the myth is George Washington's false teeth were made outta wood or whatever. Apparently at least some of his teeth or one of his versions of his dentures that he had was just straight up made outta lead. Don't Google lead teeth. Oh pass. Oh would you Google that? I was like, Oh, I wonder if lead di, it's not lead teeth made of lead. It's teeth damaged by lead exposure. Oh Because, and I'm about to lead it up again 'cause it replaces your calcium and it'll replace it in your teeth.


So you'll have teeth made of lead. So wait, if you have lead teeth, do you drink bullets that build strong bones Eventually? Yeah. There's a crossover point where you get so much lead in, you actually become lead based and then you're a new form of life. But you can't be applied to the walls of new construction. But You do want your le your, your lead and legs and teeth. Your bones and teeth to be malleable. Right? I do Anyway. Did I explain what the council, not really. Once a year approximately whatever we so choose, we get together. We do have a constitution. Well how many people, how many listeners and watchers do you think are aware of the constitution? The ones that aren't like me that blocked it out. So 10 of them. Don't worry. 'cause I fed the constitution into ai.


So now it's gonna be perfect. Oh, I thought we were gonna Baltimore read It. No, I, the AI is not gonna read it. It just, the AI just gave me a summary of it so I know what's happening. So there are already several rules that we did not follow. But that's fine because it doesn't matter 'cause no one cares. Thank God. Apparently there's supposed to be a trophy for the winner of the boat episode. Did we even have a winner of the boat episode? Yeah. Wait, Apparently the winner of the boat episode as a constitutional right to sink the boat if they so choose, I dunno what the hell kind of unhinged psychopaths wrote this constitution. But apparently here I will go, I will go to the text. Is it the boat supposed to get bigger every year?


This gets more and more expensive. Yeah, well that it, yeah. Okay. Apparently there are no losers of a trione tribunal episode, which is this one of a Trigonal A boat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A boat champion is to be declared at the end of the boat episode. They shall receive a boat trophy and the right to sink the boat if they sow choose. I can see that happening. Yeah. Well We, we were, if gonna ever sink a boat from the boat episode, we should have really done it with the RC boat. 'cause I think going forward it's only gonna get more expensive and worse. Or we could do it on a submarine than sinking the boat would just be more fun. Unless we're still on it. Ah, it's fun.


Submarines are allowed to go under there. How do we get the footage to the surface Come back up? Not If we sync It. Same. You and me wade the same. I like it. Therefore, Hey. No I just, Sorry, I thought we were finishing each other's sentences. Also, I know that this is probably gonna be inaccurate, but I did go through the episodes this season so far. So we're supposed to declare a season champion, right? Yeah, we did last season. But the season ends in Yeah, it doesn't end. It doesn't end for a little bit still. Does this officially mark the end? No, I mean it's whatever we say it is. Who, Who won last season? You did? Yeah, you did by a lot. Oh. Oh. So I was the reigning champion.


I knew that. Yeah, You're the reigning champion. The current wins for this season stand at Mark with 28. Wade with 30 and me with 32. Jesus Christ. But that's also I, there may have been, 'cause sometimes when we host, we do sneaky things like steal wins from each other or give ourselves pity wins. I didn't double check all that. So Didn't one of us lose like six wins or something this year? That was in a previous season. That was the score at the end of the last season. Mark had like 12 less wins than a both of us. It was like Wade wins with 31. Bob has 30, mark has 10 wins. And that was, Yeah, I'm sure that was very fair.


It does say the winner at the championship of the season. Supposed to get trophy. I'll buy my own trophy if I remember. But, But one of you can buy mine while you're at it. I'm too Lazy. Yeah, you're assuming you're gonna win. I Won last season. Yeah, well it, it is. It is Tight. Every episode from here on out Mark can win five in a row, right? Oh yeah. You have three episodes to win four times. Yep. It's probably doable. I got this. Should we All just put all of our wins in a pot and bet them against each other? Ooh. So you can go to your local shop and buy Distractible pot right now. Should we just go through line by line, decide what's a good rule? What's a bad rule? What needs to be changed? It's kind of what I was imagining. I'm sure there's some stuff we're gonna want to get outta here.


What If we just say they're all bad rules, then we move on. I, I'm honestly, I'm open to that. No, I'm not open to that. There has been some good changes. You and me, mark. Same. What's your opinion on This? Same. Same. But Wait, mark said he agreed with me earlier. So therefore Same. Same, Same, Same. All right. But we have to vote. I think that's in the constitution that we have to vote. I don't Know who pays attention to those things anymore. The most interesting thing I think is actually the first item. What text do you have in front of you? Because I have a Google doc here that I stole from the subreddit. I Have a some from the subreddit, but it's like a weathered image of paper.


Black text on that. It's not a Google doc. It's probably close enough. We don't need to unify these. This is fine. I Have the AWOL Nation hollow moon music video in front of me. It's good that we're all paying equal attention. Mark What's interesting, Alright, so there's text that says winner can't be decided by coin flip or a wheel spin as the primary determination. It says there needs to be a second step verification in the form of a wheel. So this is contradictory 'cause it's like it can't be decided only by a wheel. It must be decided by not a wheel and a wheel. I think that was just poor phrasing by whoever in our community wrote that down. The the point was it can't be decided firstly by chance by a wheel or a coin flip.


But the backup when there's a tie is then you go to the wheel. I see. Okay. Alright. Yeah. We can't just be like, I don't wanna keep track of points. So the winner gets a wheel. Zero points. No one got any points wheel spin. But there's nothing in this constitution that I'm seeing that says you need to raise the percentage each time. I think we made that up. I honest to God think that we did the wheelspin once and we were like, well let's make this interesting guys. I, I think specifically Mark wanted to raise the percentage and you and I were like, I don't wanna host the one best show. I don't wanna do this. Well, what's Fascinating to me is we just did a 12, right? Yeah. It started at six and it's gone up two each time. We've spun it many times.


It should be way more than 12. I've had one or two ties. One obviously one at least. I think we are missing a couple. But I think it's, it should be like 16 or 18. It's not like a ton more, but it, you Know, I'm just saying I've got my red flag here and I'm about to throw it. That I don't have to do this one man show because statistically it should have been someone else before me. Wait. Because you should have had a higher chance of doing it. But it would've been higher for all of your tries of doing it too. I'm not saying that is me. I'm saying fate would've changed. Butterfly effect flaps his wings. This is the council episode. Therefore all old red flags are now gone because we're starting fresh.


I don't know if that's in the constitution. I vote we put that in the constitution. I agree. That's a maturity vote. No. Red flags reset. Reset at the end of the season. Oh no. Wait, no it doesn't. God. Okay, we gotta, we're getting ahead of ourselves. Yeah, no this is, there's, this is a poorly thought out document. We have a lot of work to do to figure out what the hell is going on with all of this stuff. All right. Okay. All Right. Whoever came up with this is three idiots. There is no, the thing is, we're a lot like the US government right now. There's no checks and balances here. It's just one guy breaking into say the treasury with his cronies and just, you know, yanking cables, deleting data, stealing data.


Imagine if that was how things were and that's how we are right now. We need oversight. We need someone else to guarantee us. And it's gotta be the community. They have to have some method. Well I was thinking we've had a hard fought season under the iron fist of the Constitution. I was thinking we would relax some stuff. Maybe we'd cash it out. Apparently We did. We didn't follow any of the rules so Far. No. Well that is one of the key tenets of our entire constitution is if we don't remember what the rules are or we don't follow them for any reason, there's no recourse. 'cause who cares? Something like that. Oh, Thank God. So I've never once cared about the constitution, so I'm Glad Article three. Yeah, that's the only thing in article three of our constitution, each member is individually responsible for keeping track of and remembering the rules outlined herein.


And if a rule is broken but no member catch the infraction, there is no penalty. Can you share me? That one is, I think a document might be better than this one. Did We sell pocket handbook constitutions? Did we ever do that? No. Do we actually do that? No. Did that idea get floated? Yes. Yes it did. I was like, Man, should we have our pocket constitution somewhere? Yeah. Well we would've had to really settle on some official text if we were gonna do something like that. And let me tell you, if there ever was a living document. This one is the Living ist. Wait, this is an I turned around. What is This? Wait, what? What did you link? Oh, nothing. What is that?


Oh, don't worry about that. Don't worry about that. That's nothing. That's just, that's what you call not knowing how to copy and paste. What are you looking at Bud? Don't worry about that. Don't worry about that. That's not related to anything that you may or may not be doing. Next time we record. Interesting. All right. Okay. How do I like where that's going? I like that. Well, I'll forget it. I'll forget it. Let New keyboard has an extra button where my finger wants control to be And it just really gets in the way of stuff like that. Oh, this thing's over a page long. I don't have this kind of attention span anymore.


Yeah, Well that's why I fed it into a, into chat cheap pt. So I could gimme a one sentence summary of it. I can't stop. Oh bro, how are you gonna do that? I think caffeine. I need to just stop forever. 'cause every time I drink a caffeine, I get real yawny and I then I remember, hey, A-A-D-H-D caffeine sometimes doesn't work that way for me And it just makes me more tired. But there's a very few rare opportunities where it actually does wake me up And it's usually when I'm actually tired when It does work. Oh my God. But if I drink it when I'm not tired, I get tired. So I Why do fuck do I drink it? Because I'm habited and I'm addicted. Yeah, It's, it's, yeah, it's literally addiction.


I, I own the same boat when it hits though. I'm like fry in the Futurum episode where he drinks 300 cups of coffee, the caffeine hits and the entire world slows down around me. Like I'm Barry Kramer and it's miracles. I have not had an effect off caffeine in a long time. If I get hit with caffeine, I don't ever notice it anymore. You drink A lot of caffeine or not a lot of caffeine? Not Much anymore. No. Like I'll have like maybe four or five drinks a week, which is a lot. But it's not as much as like I used to where it was like a couple A day energy drinks or like sodas? No, like, like like a Coke or something. Oh, I don't even consider those that have caffeine in them. If it's not measuring the caffeine in hundreds of milligrams, it's not caffeinated.


Oh, okay. I don't do energy drinks or like five hour energies or anything. I don't, I don't drink those. I gotta stop. I drank an energy drink one time before a basketball game and I was like all fucking jittery throughout the basketball game and I was like, I am never drinking one of these again. Remember? Remember Mark, you remember the big pile of blue amps in our dorm room? The pyramid from floor to near ceiling. And that was just Tuesday night? Yes, it was actually It. It literally was. Are you guys alive? I don't know man. Dude, we bunked our own beds with plastic coat hangers. Like there's a lot. Mark used to just jump off buildings and hope he knew how to park. Who? I did that exactly once and I learned, I don't know how to do this Once would have been enough for me to not have survived college.


So the fact that you lived is pretty good. I was boring. I've got an issue with the constitution. I just noticed, and maybe that's not with the Constitution, but maybe it's with an interpretation. You had an issue with the Constitution last time when we were making the entire Constitution. Yeah, well this whole season I remember Bob and I would talk and mark's like, you better not make any handshake deals. Those are against the constitution. All of these sections talk about how handshake deals can overturn parts of the constitution. I never said it was against the constitution. I just said, you better not because it's always screwing me over. I'm pretty sure he did. Where's my red flag? Where's my red flag? Where's my red flag? You said that we don't have red flags. Well we do From new things. Yeah. Well that was actually a thing that I thought was funny.


In the text of the document, the red flag thing isn't in there technically. It says that you have the right to appeal. I don't know how we arrived at throwing a red flag. No, there Was red flags. That was a thing. Mm, it absolutely was a thing. Mm, it is. It's in the other document. We could go back and watch the original episode, but I won't do that. Oh, I'm not do I don't wanna watch that. Yuck. We already know this video, this particular episode. No one's gonna watch it. Should we just throw this out and do more broken news again? I mean, no, but yes. I Already made the white guy's joke. I'm already on it. I, I Had a couple foundational questions I felt like we should address and otherwise I'm not too interested in parsing a bunch of, you know, legal di legal language and stuff.


Do we wanna keep the constitution as a general thing, as a part of the pocket? Do we wanna Keep I believe that it is good to have framework. I will agree. The wording needs to be officialized. We should hire a lawyer to join in on an episode and actually make sure that the writing is both concise or a stenographer. One or the other. Not both. I vote Bob. I'm not a lawyer. I vote Bob still. Bob, you either have to learn sonography or take the bar exam one or the other. I don't wanna Do either of those. God damn. Fuck. You can lie about it. He cannot lie about it. No, I would, I that would, I don't know about stenographers if, do stenographers have strict ethics?


'cause I definitely don't wanna lie about anything having to do with lawyers and bar exams and shit. But stenographers might play it fast and loose. Who knows? Oh, they're tighter than lawyers. Okay. But if, if we're gonna have a real one, it's gotta actually be written properly. It doesn't have to have legal engine, but it just has to be written by us or someone we Trust and, and and have terms that we can understand. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Veto, Do I have veto power? Am I Like, no, no. This is a tribunal. There's no such thing. Some Of this sounds like work and I'm not here to work. I think I said that last constitution. Each member is individually responsible for keeping track of and remembering the rules outlined in this constitution. And if a rule is broken but no members catch the infraction, there shall be no penalty.


I think that's the best rule. Yeah. Well we need that rule. Or else this all, this whole facade crumbles. What if we make the, instead of making it more concise, we make it more complicated. I think convolution is our checks and balances. I like that. So we could just start chucking ideas out and just tag in, tag in sections that maybe one person will remember one time to exploit as a I like that. Okay. I keep zoning out. I'm already so bored of the constitution. Why are you, Why are you hate the cus you hated it last year and it's only made the podcast better Because I'm consistent. My hatred has made it better. You're damn right. No. The Constitution has made this podcast better by not being utter chaos. There's a time for chaos And it allowed the Cons.


Is that a pickle or a knife? That's a knife. What's in your other hand? The sheath. Oh, I thought it was a pickle. No. Why Do you think so many things are pickles? I like being threatened to by pickles. I guess. I don't know. Don't kick shame. Anyway. Well, you know what? Let's just start throwing out new stuff. Huh? How about that? All right, well if we're throwing it out, why is that to be new? We'll just say it's throwing out. No, no, not give me new ideas. Throw just anything you want. The Viewers can win an episode somehow. I Like skyline chili. A rule could Be, I don't know. You said throw stuff out. Okay. If if, if that's in the Constitution, you can never not like it. So if you ever go against the constitution, oh, you're breaking the law.


What's the punishment for breaking the law? You gotta fix it. The law I guess. Yeah, like our government. There's no punishment for breaking the law. But there should be, Could we issue pardons? Someone would've to be president. What's the opposite of a pardon? Can we issue Ies? Blame me. You know it's funny 'cause on the coffee machine I have a tag that says, damn, I gonna have to blame me Amy for this. Because one time she didn't clean out the coffee machine when she always does. And I never clean out the coffee machine. I don't know why she, why is she with me? I'm such an asshole. Hey buddy, don't be too hard on yourself. We ask ourselves the same thing. Yeah, that's true. Viewers can win. What Happens if they win?


They Host. That doesn't have to be in here. Who Is they? The viewers. They just all get together in a call and record an episode. Okay. No, the listeners and the viewers are separate entities and they must be treated as such. So the only the viewers can win or either Can win but they don't win collectively, I think is what I'm getting at. I don't know why I'm waving the knife today. It just feels very, this, this tribunal feels hostile. I'm always hostile Youth. Hostile Is a hostile a hotel or a brothel? Definitely not a brothel. Could It be Hopefully not In your mind, maybe in the world. No, I don't think that that would be legal anywhere. That that's a thing that Like a candy on your pillow. It's just like a naked person on your pillow.


I don't want a random naked person on my pillow. I really don't want that. That might be an experience you could have in a hostel, but also it's not part of the fact that it's a hostile, Oh, I got crispy Jerry on my pillow. I don't want crispy Jerry on my pillow. Gimme some more constitution bits. What do we got? I, I think boat can be any number of things on or near water. I want to expand boat. Well I think we already were doing that. I don't Think that I know, but that was un that was just on our of our own volition. But I'm just gonna write boat can be anything. Can we Do an episode from the inside of a whale? There's nothing stopping us. But if we ran the constitution, I think it'll be argued that we must do that.


And I don't want to do that. Boat can be anything. We all agree as a boat. That's all I wanna put in there. How About boat? Is any vehicle on or near water within a certain amount of distance from water within like a hundred yards. A football field distance away from a, so instead Of being in like a pool or a tub or a lake, we're just in a car near it. Yeah. I'm gonna put exactly what you said out loud. Mark. A hundred years football, one Football field within like a football field. Distance from a body of water. Yeah. I think we should be a football field away from land of count as being in water. Okay. That can also be in there within a football field away or within a body of water. That also means it's a shoreline.


We should definitely define it by the shoreline. What's the Shoreline of a Tub? The edge, the ring of scum around the tub is that shoreline scum It. This governing thing is easy. Is this what the founding fathers? A hundred percent. They were all sitting around drinking. Sam Adams just making stuff up. Was Samuel Adams one of the founding fathers? Yeah. That's, that's why his beer is so popular. Mm. You're right. Right. What do we need? What does this show need? The show needs more sponsors This show. All right, I'm gonna put that in there. Ooh, Put in the constitution. Every every company in existence has an obligation to buy at least one ad on this podcast.


How do We enforce that? Red flags. What About companies? We don't Want, we're gonna take their money. Okay, good. This scene now we're cooking all Steel must be D two By all companies. Is there a minimum like size or it could be like if grandma's crocheting and sells a blanket, we're like, we got, we need a cut of that. That's not a company. It has to be a company LLC or incorporated. It is that is a specific thing that it is defined by other people. Does that Mean we have to sponsor our own podcast Called doing a merch plug? So we have to get merch up by those laws. We have to get merch Up. Well I'm just gonna type that in there. Is This like a to-do list? Yeah, this is starting into a to-do list. Oh, I have one.


I wanted to actually throw this out. This is gonna feel like it's targeting someone and it's not I, why do I feel like I'm gonna be targeting but because you know it, it's also applies to me. Once I say it out loud, just get all the way through it with me. If you show up to host an episode and you don't have anything prepared, Okay, alright. This, okay. Increase the one man show percentage on the wheel by 2%. That's fair. So it's not about spinning it. I've done that the most probably out of all of us. So It's not about spinning it, it's about It just ups the percentage. Only when someone comes without an idea. That's fair. Well here's the thing, do we like the wheel at all? I like the wheel, but I wish it either happened a lot more or never.


I want to gamify it more so it's more nail biting but also addicting. And you want to spin it so that like the coin flip. Haha went 13 times in a row without Bob winning. We don't have that. We need that. We need that excitement back in there. And to tempt fate, we need to tempt fate more. I want more tempting of fate. We need to tempt fate more. What A good law. I never know what statement I shout out is gonna be inscribed at the constitution. I I just, I'm just capturing the good ones and getting, making sure they get written down somewhere. Okay. Cool. All right. Alright. So how do we tempt fate more with the wheel? Maybe every episode ends in a wheel spin. But there's a different, it's either, it's the, the one man show wheel is like punishment, but there's another wheel or something.


Oh no. Bonus stars. Like in Mario party, we should have, every episode should have bonus stars. We barely Keep track of points. We keep track of that. Well Maybe the wheel has like, it decides what bonus star it is. Like, okay, who made the most poop jokes? Okay, who made the most? And it'll spin that and we're like, ah, that was Wade. Or that was Bob. Or who said this word the Most? What if we don't remember? Well, it's just a discussion we have to collectively decide. It doesn't matter what reality is, it matters what we say reality is. And we all have to agree. So we, We need a bonus point wheel. So at the end of every episode, what I technically wrote is bonus stars. Like in Mario Party on a wheel that gets spun at the end of every episode, which is definitely clear enough to make sure we understand this concept.


I think the host should have the opportunity to change one item on the wheel. So not all of it, but every, like you could rotate one out if there's one you don't like. Or if you want to, if you have a funny idea. That's what I was gonna say. Yeah. It should be flexible that it can be changed that way. You know, if we hate it, we don't have to wait a year. And I think the audience can also suggest who Has to keep track of the wheel and spin the wheel each episode. And why is it Bob? I think we, we can do this. We can collectively, I mean it'll just be a website that I have to open and, and that's, I don't mind that. I don't mind that. How many bonus stars are we gonna Have? I think the number of times the wheel is spun at the end could fluctuate.


Like it's default one for a bonus. But then maybe if a certain criteria is met, it's spun again. What if we have a Wheel that determines how many times we spin the other wheel? Oh, more wheels. I like this. I love chains of wheels. Yeah. Or a dice. A dice and a wheel. Is there a dice website that has lets you write on the dice? Well You could just have like literally a D six and however many times whatever it lands on is how many times you have to spin the bonus wheel. But I want the visual of it. Like, you know, rolling and then be like, like, oh, magic eight ball. We're just talking about a magic eight ball. I bet there's a website with like a magic eight ball. I'm asleep. Please consult later. Or whatever they say. Yeah. Oh you can, you can buy a custom ate ball.


That would be interesting. But we'd have to change that. What If we order three custom magic eight balls and each of us just has a, a magic eight ball at our desk for episode That takes some work. But it'd be cool. But I know I doubt our ability. Can we get, wait, can we get custom diced in real life? Is that a more achievable thing? Because there's lots of people who make custom dice and stuff, right? We could 3D print anything. Really? But it's like, that's work. Yeah. Okay. Now what? What if we do a wheel? What if it's just a wheel? All right Wheel. We could have a wheel and a wheel. So we should write a section in the constitution that's like this is what it has and we'll just change it in the constitution. Depending on what we feel, there should always be on the wheel. Who's the baldest?


I think that's fair to you. Ooh. But we could, one of us could shave If we feel like the win is that desperate but it may not guarantee the win. I'm okay with that. What if there is a small chance that we don't increase or lower on the points? One that always has one man show is like a 2% chance. We never adjust the percentage of that one. We should see if the one man show is actually an ample punishment beforehand. If we trust me, it will be All right. All Right. Fair enough. He might enjoy it. Don't don't speak for him. That's true. That's True. I was, what if there's a punishment where I make mark get my YouTube channel to 10 million so I can get that diamond play button that I've always wanted. That a fair punishment?


No. Why do I have to do that? Why do I have to get it 10 million? Why can't you get it? Because it's not a punishment if I have to do it. Alright, what other bonus points do we want to have? Most? Bald, shortest. That's what I suggested. But Wade shot it down. Who ate to the most? Oh, maybe it should be who ate the most on the episode or who ate the least. No, it should be who ate the most to encourage us to maybe sometimes eat a lot during An Episode. Wait, why are You making that face? It benefits you. You're usually the one that's eating. Listen, The problem is that the winds, the problem is I don't need to encouragement to eat. You Don't need to change your behavior. It's the same behavior. You don't need to do anything different. I need to change my behavior.


All these have benefited you so far. Molly has finally convinced me that my shirts aren't just shrinking 'cause she hates me. It's the way I'm kidding. I believed it was witchcraft for years Or that she was intentionally shrinking your shirts. She hates my clothes. She's shrinking them. I know that it's common thing to be like, oh my clothing shrunk in the washer dryer. I've never ever experienced this phenomenon of my clothes suddenly shrinking. That's 'cause they don't make clothes your size. So they're always oversized when they do shrink, they just finally fit. You got my real cry to come out.


You got my real laugh. All right, fine. Whoever got the loudest in the episode, Pause. The biggest laugh. Who had the best joke? That's, that's a good one to have. Who caused the best laugh? Who looks the best that day? I think that fluctuates. Sometimes My hair is just a ramshackle mess. I'm wearing the same shirt. Whoever is the most put together that day. Should We have a bonus one for the listeners and or viewers so they have a chance of getting a point? What if it's a zero point episode and only the winners or only the listeners or viewers get a point, then they could finally win. If we start interacting more with the subreddit Also that, that we could give points out for things the subreddit does that are good and not annoying or terrible subreddit.


Okay. Whoa. Hey, easy up. They don't need that. I, I said that I would fix it and add the other moderators and I don't think I ever did that 'cause of the fires distracted me so I gotta get back on fixing. Oh, Some excuse. I was in the middle of fixing the subreddit so I totally forgot about that. Oh shit. It's Just been on. I guess being on fire is a bad comparison right now, huh? It's been, It's been fine. It's been fine. It's been fine. Hey, They were very complimentary of our episode with the broken news. That's seven. Then bonus point for viewers, listeners. Well Those are separate, right? So that'd be one for each. So would that make it eight? Oh yeah. I guess it should be One third viewers one. Oh they're separate people. That's right. Most on point. Like whoever was most on point with whatever the topic was.


And there should be a flip side of that. Whoever was the most distract. Do we wanna add both of those? Yeah, add both of them. How about this for a rule? So that wheel is spun at least once in episode, right? Every single episode a host has to add a category so that by the end of the year there's 60 fucking items on there. Oh It could be anything. It doesn't have to be anything serious, but it's just like you just add some shit. I'll change out at the end of every episode. Every episode the host may change one item to the host. Must add one item to the wheel. Yeah, it's like throwing a a suggestion into the hat game and whose line you throw a random bullshit in there, Dude, if this wheel ever fucking gets deleted and then at the end of the season there's like a hundred and some things on the wheel, I'm just gonna do a random number picker or something like that.


Fucking, That wheel would be nuts. That's cool. That'll be fun. Then there's plenty of options. Okay, so we're starting with 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 we have right now. But we'll just keep adding. There's nothing that says you can't add repeats or bad things. So you could add more points for viewers or listeners you're happy with them or something. Or if you're trying to change the odds or you could add punishments or all kinds of stuff. Well it has to be points. We'll say it has to be limited to points. But like you could take points away for things or because It's, it's like it's both interesting but also not high stakes. 'cause it's only spun once. Are we eliminating the wheel? Are we gonna do the number of spins wheel and then the bonus points wheel and then just maybe have it be like 1%, one man show or something.


So that that's like a weird payoff. I think maybe we still keep the other wheel. What if the bonus wheel makes it end in a tie? Then we would still need the other wheel for a tiebreaker. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Yeah. I think we should still keep that other wheel. Alright, so we still have the tie. We're in a three wheel system right now. What's The third wheel? The The first wheel is the the wheel that will decide how many spins of the bonus wheel. Right? Aren't we doing that? Oh, I didn't know that was a separate wheel. That's interesting. I thought we were at the end of every episode before the points. There's a bonus points now and I thought we were gonna, it has to be spun at least once. But there's a thing, a wheel or a magic eight ball or something with the decides how many times we spin the bonus point wheel and then you spin the bonus point wheel and divvy that up and then you do the points for the game.


Well that sounds like a job for a dice. What? What should the number be for that? Like one to four, one to six. We don't wanna spin the wheel like a dozen times. There's gotta be like a, we Have to make a D three. We Have to physically make a D three. We have to make it happen. I mean that does exist, right? Oh yeah, there's, there's D three dice. It's just like Physically. Oh it's like a cylinder triangle thing, right? And you just like roll it Three sounds fair to start with. A one to three. Yeah, that that feels right. That's how Mario party does in anyway. Do you see the horrible three sided dye that's like three fins? Why is it horrible? I don't know. It just, I don't like it the way it makes me feel. Sounds Like a U problem. Gonna be honest. Sounds like it must be a fin three-sided die.


There's A cool like infinity looking one where like it lands And it has a one or two or a three like cut into the, I like that one. It Must be the, the most uncomfortable three-sided die according to Wade's discomfort in that moment. Well Fine. I hope it's covered in fucking holes just for you then. No Wade's discomfort. I don't like holes. Now it Must be the host's phobia in a die. It's a dice made of a spider covered in holes. Ah good. That's also a clown Making me itchy and scared. I don't like it. I think we've lost the plot. What are we doing in this episode? I've got a bunch of stuff I need to somehow weasel into this constitution now.


All Right, we gotta start ripping out laws. Yeah. Do we want to anything else added and do we want to delete some stuff? I don't think there's anything else in there. I think the best thing we've done in the constitution, I think you guys would agree the physical tracking of points and naming them. That was a good one. I like that very much. I think that helped a lot and also is very fun to keep track of. It Is fun to hear the points read out at the end and what they were for. That is fine. Yeah. Whether or not we kept a full record of it. I think my hot sauce ones are lost to the wins. But I was Going through them earlier, I didn't even use to title them. I just had like your guys' names and like occasionally I had to write down what it was for like they got a lot more intricate over time. Yeah. I gotta get a notebook because I want to keep track of, I actually want to keep track Of these.


I'm about, oh almost halfway through this notebook. I'm very excited to see when this actually gets filled up. Then I'll have a whole, I'll have a documentation and it'll absolutely make sense. I can turn to any page and see that Wade earn points for natural sleeper. 30 minutes of shit and shit. Shower and do you fear death? Lets see. I don't even remember what it's about but it makes me laugh. It's just, it's a documentation of our history. July 9th we did an episode where Tyler had six points. Wow. Oh wait, you date yours. That's a good idea. I put the title of mine. Here's the thing though. I date what episode? We record them. Not necessarily what? What day they come out. So the dates still aren't perfect.


Apparently my score keeping for the at least 20 questions episode really went downhill 'cause we got into the whole Chapstick situation. Oh Mark lost seven points but weight lost 11 points during that episode. I occasionally just pull out a Chapstick bob just to see if you'll react to it. How many fucking points I gave out in this episode? Jesus. Mine are always like five to 15. I'm pretty consistently in that five to 15 range. I like Mark's I I've been trying to edge towards Mark's style of like low single digit points. Keep it tense. Yeah. I've only ever done one point plus or not only, but I predominantly gravitated towards points up or down one. I only ever give one point at a time.


I just give a lot of points when you, sometimes you guys are just talking and I'll just chuckle and I'll be like Huh Points. Somebody said that we apparently had claimed and have never done golf rules, which we did do golf rules. We did. But it was before the constitution. We did. Yeah we did did one epi. It was Bob's fridge. Wade hosted that and mark out the most points. But at the end Wade gave me the win by saying it was golf rules and I actually won the episode. It Was before we had the constitution. So I or I intentionally gave Mark as many points as possible so that it would feel like unfair at the end. I was like, oh it's gonna look like Mark's gonna win. I was like Ah. But I'm gonna inverse it. It's gonna be so funny. Well I think you have to declare it but I guess that's not in the constitution. So that was Before the Constitution. You're right. That's true.


This was back before Distractible had invented fire. I'm just gonna write down, it's in the constitution that'll resolve a lot of disputes. So you like the writing down the rules. Is there anything we wanna rip out? Do we wanna rip out the subreddit appeal thing? 'cause I feel like that's been a mess. Yeah, We didn't use it doesn't make sense. I don't even know if we should have an unfairness clause. Shall I just write down, remove all unfairness clauses. We could do something where you know, if someone declares something is unfair, something's done on the spot. But I don't know what that would be. An immediate wheel. Another wheel spin. One more Wheel. The wheel of fairness.


If, if one of us declares something is unfair, we spin a wheel where either we win the appeal or we're forced to host a one man show it's a risky claim. No, no it's gotta be something with like trial by combat. You know, is this unfair? Let God decide. What If it's just a coin flip hedge for fair tales for unfair. What If it's a really heavily stacked against it being unfair coin flip. Like you can declare it's unfair but it's a nine to one chance it's gonna be fair. Do You have to win three coin flips in a row for it to be fair? I like That. Then we just, then we just have a wheel of fairness. Nah, The coin flip is cool. Okay, coin flips. If you win three coin flips in a row, it was unfair and you are justified. That is fate saying That's the universe taking your side.


Yeah And you can only do that once. What? A one in eight chance three coin flips one in eight. That's Fair. That's That's actually, that's pretty good. That's better than what Mark wanted. What if you lose all three coin flips in a row? Does anything bad happen? I mean once you lose one, I feel like you just stop. You don't lose again. Once you lose one, you, you is fair. Well I mean I'm saying if, oh actually if you forced it to flip three times, I get what he's doing it because you have to flip three times and that's another one in eight chance that something terrible happens for daring invoke the, it's double point loss. You know if you don't get three in a row, 75% chance you're good. 12.5% you win 12 point a 5%, you really lose. That's good. I like that. So we're not just throwing out unfairness willy-nilly.


There has to Be a risk. Okay, so if you lose three coin flips in a row, what was it? You lose double the points or you get double the unfair. Yeah, whatever. What you said was unfair will be dealt double. So Like if, if Mark gives you a point, I'm like that should be my point and I say it's unfair. You would get two points or you know, if Marx says I lose a point, I'm like no I don't lose a point that's unfair. We do the three coin flips, then I can either lose two or We should make it that as soon as the word unfair falls out of someone's Mouth, It happens even if they don't realize they're doing it. So we gotta be very careful about what we're saying. 'cause as soon as the word unfair comes out, coin flip immediately stop everything. What we're doing, we're Gonna do an episode just called fair or unfair.


Where every like three seconds we're, oh well guess we're flipping again. All right, that's in there. Once per episode you may declare unfairness by saying the word unfair out loud and initiate three coin flips win three in a row and unfairness is proven lose three flips in a row And it is made doubly unfair. Well, it's made doubly fair because if it was unfair then the unfairness would be valid. Oh, that's fair enough. Fair enough. If we say fair, you have to flip or just unfair both, is that what we're Saying? The trigger word is unfair. So if like, thank you Mark, that's incredibly fair. Nothing happens, but like mark, that's unfair. We immediately coin flip. I think it also should be valid if you trick another host into or another contestant into saying unfair. I like that.


I think if anyone ever says the word unfair for any reason and any of the other two people hear it and catch it, it is triggered. Yeah. Even if it's in, if it's a Trick. What about synonyms to unfair? What about like when we say like that's unreasonable Has to be the word unfair. What if you say fun, fair. Mm. Can't spell fun. Fair without unfair he Said it. No parts of other words. No. Hyphenations Must be unfair. I gave us three episodes before we forget to throw. Oh yeah, no, the convolution is very good though because it will forget about it for like months and then out of nowhere during a a highly heated episode, someone will just be like, Hey, said it, and then it will happen and it'll, I think the audience can participate if they catch us not saying it they can remind us and then we have to doubly unfair later.


Nah, that's stupid. Ah, fuck me. We no, see that's the thing. We don't need to enumerate that. I think we have a good rule here and if the subreddit points out that we're not doing it, we can just on the fly do whatever fucking bullshit we want and jazz it up later or do makeups or something or ignore them because they suck or whatever we want. That removes all current unfairness clauses and that's our, that's our current appeals and unfair process. No more red flags and blah blah blah blah. Yeah. None of that. Great. Good Constitution boys. We could trick the audience into getting our watch time up. 'cause they have to pay attention if they want to. Yeah, They're gonna have to really scrutinize. Yeah, They're Gonna have to go back through and listen again. Make sure they didn't miss anything.


The Fools, I don't have any other ideas I really, really want to cut out or anything. I don't know. What is This section three of article one, the competitors of an episode shall be composed of any members not elected to be host by the host of the previous episode. Less overturned by Handshake dealer or official sub vote. What does that even mean? I think it literally just means that whoever won the last episode host and they're not a competitor. So if we had two winners, which I don't know if we can still have that happen, but yeah, we can. If it ends in a tie, we don't have to say it's a tie. We can just say you both win. Well yeah, it doesn't have to be a tie. It could just be a win. It's not a tie to win, it's just two winners. It's a meaningless pedantic distinction. But I feel like we are allowed to make that distinction if we want. If something comes up, you could just say, you're both winners.


There's A hundred percent chance for the next person to do the one man show. And we're like, no, no, you just both win. You both win that. Don't wanna be crazy here. You both win. Oh, But that's the rub is you have to write down the points And it can't be a tie. But also it can both win. Well even if we do it in a tie now we got the bonus points to stop it from being a forced tie. That's true now. Now we can't just make sure there's not a tie on our watch. You might just end up with ties thanks to the wheel of bonus points. Bullshit. I'm like, oh man Mark, it looks like you win by 10 today, but how? I dunno man. That's how the math worked out. Oh no, can't have that. Can't have that. All right. Is that good? We did it good. I think we did it somehow. I think we just blanket sweep vote that all these changes are valid and good and we agree to them.


Well I will try and I will try and make this into one document that is like for us, not that hard, but I'll try a little bit and then we'll have a constitution and I guess I will be the keeper of the constitution. Bob, I hope you win this season. You put the most work in. Well I won last suit this. I guess it's not over. So is that what we decided about the season champion is that it's not done yet so there's no winner yet. Yeah, there's nothing hasn't been decided yet. Technically I'm in the lead By a couple. I'm gonna get that cash prize. I didn't get a cash prize last season. It didn't take effect until year two of the constitution. Probably. Hell, I don't know how to end this 'cause we don't have a host. All I know is that I'm looking forward to Mark's one man show episode.


Yeah, I'm so glad that Mark had to be busy today for a little bit 'cause it gave Bob and I some time to cook. Well Mark, as a reward for your forthcoming punishment, you wanna lead us out here? Sure. Thank you everybody for joining for another year. We've only got another year left until a Distractible is forcibly deleted from existence. Even your private recordings of it will be expunged. You see how Foreignness distract us? That's what We called it. That's this. That's all it is. The kind of the clock is always ticking. Remember only I will be deleted. So all of your recordings will mysteriously not have me in it. That'll be a hell Of a thing. We'll just get the AI you that says, have you ever Heard of the ship of these?


Oh, we didn't put any ship ofthe things in the Constitution. If, if this constitution keeps changing, is it really the same Constitution? The Constitution of theses Like the Con of theses. May your D two steal knives always be sharpen. If they're not for the love of God, sharpen them. Podcast.