
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, there you go. Drink mug root beer if you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Waggy Wade as a meta phobia and investigates the sensibilities Stimulated by the senses marching band Mark is perplexed by perforations, boobs, chick a bow wow. Classic cavalcades, and wants to hire pro sneezes. Be gRED Bob Blas about bossing butter Nachos are shiny bonnet and yells while yaking from full sax to essence of poop. He, it's time for The Episode You Can Taste. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello everyone. welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade, joined as always by my compatriots compadres, co-hosts, cohorts, co-conspirators, mark and Bob. I, I like co-conspirators. I'll roll with that. I like whatever amalgamation of words you said in the beginning, whatever that was. I'm about it. Hello? No, no, no. The come somethings Com sacks. Yeah. I'll be your come sack. Thank you. I've always wondered, I never had the nerve to ask. Mm. That's why I'm here. Well, welcome to the show where one of us hosts the other drink, compete for points and the winner gets to host. Oh Wait, I forgot. I gotta take this stuff off.


I'm so sorry. Oh, Boring in heaven. That's okay. Don't show Mark's face up to this point. Do you wanna like delete this recording or do you wanna just trust the editors? Don't show me. Don't show me. We keep telling Mark he's ugly. He's finally getting it. So what do we do to show Mark's face to not show Mark's face during that time? Do we just not show his face? Just substitute Mark's face with a big picture of a butt. That's pretty good. No handshake deals, right? Actually, no, we were just talking. Yeah, we Were actually just trying to figure out to replace your face. Still Don't show it. I'm not, I'm not ready. Not yet. Not yet.


Just kind of freshen up, you know. And now show me The grand reveal face Reveal. Oh no, my subs. No, That's okay. You still got feet or something? Show the feet. Show the, Not yet. Not yet. Oh, okay. All, right. One day. Well anyway, this is the show where one of episodes, the other two compete for points. The winner gets to host the next episode. And in this episode we will start with some small talk. How goes things, how are you all doing? Oh, Oh. Doesn't Seem particularly good. Did you watch the Muppet movie again? Huh?


What's up? Hmm. Had a great time. Things are going great. Oh, okay. Yeah. Just swell swimmingly even That seems believable. Swelling Lee. Swelling Lee. Yeah. Sounds hot. It is hot. It is incredibly hot. It is really hot. Whatever a mystery thing I'm doing that I haven't told anybody about, it's really, really hot. It does sound like it. Exceptionally sweaty, if you know what I mean. Lot of, lot of fluids. Meanwhile It's been great here in Cincinnati. Like absolutely just perfect weather. Oh, like idyllic. Last night we were outside with James on the play set and I was like, ah, this is the perfect evening.


Sitting Outside the porch, 73 degrees, sunset in the background. Nice breeze, Super moon over on the other horizon. Super Moon, you had a super moon. There's a super moon yesterday and, and apparently tonight as well and like a very, very slight eclipse of it as well. Oh man. James is saying three word sentences now. Whoa. It's kind of one three word sentence, but like, I'm not trying to undercut his achievements, but he, we were going to bed two nights ago. We were gonna bed and I was laying next to him trying to settle in and he just looks at me and he goes, I see daddy. And I was like, what? And apparently no one has, no one has been teaching him this.


I think he watch, he does watch Miss Rachel on YouTube, which is like a very popular kids' YouTube thing. I think she does that. But like none of those people in his real, people in his real life were teaching him that. He just started doing it. And then now he's like, I see doggy. I see Moon. He really liked the moon last night because this big, so like outta nowhere. That's pretty fun. I'm Glad he is listening to real people. Not like Miss Rachel. Fuck the Bengal. I thought you liked up Bengals. Did They break my heart every week? Man, they Suck. That's why he hates them. I love them, but they don't love me. You know what? They might be the first team to ever go oh and two to start the season and make the playoffs and maybe even make the Super Bowl.


It's still possible. Didn't It do that like three years ago? I thought I heard some sports person saying that. That hasn't really happened. I don't know. Oh, I think what their current head coach, they are one and 11 in the first two games of the season. Like they've won one game ever. They, they should get like a new guy for the first couple games and then bring Zach Taylor back in for the rest of the season. Can we rent a team for two weeks and then just let our guys come in later. Just like, Just pick another guy to be the coach. Put him, put him on the thing and be like, ah, actually Zach's back now It's just whoever the, the Patriots coach, which was an even bigger mustache. It's like mustache on mustache. I'm assuming it is a mustache. Wait, now that I don't really know. Bill Tash.


Bill Bill Belichick. Does he have a big mustache? He's not the coach for the Patriots anymore, is he? I hope he does now. But he is not the coach now. No. Who's The coach now? Oh, he doesn't have a mustache. Gerard Mayo, I think. Yeah. Some fellow named Mayo. Na Is Gerard Mayo just Bill Belichick with a mustache. No, I think And completely different skin color. I think He might be a, a very tall built black man. No, I, I see the resemblance. He just takes off the mustache and it's Bill Belichick somehow it's, it's, It's really the beard. They do a really tight zoom with the sky cam at some point for no reason. And he does Wade's spit and he just goes, it's been me the whole time.


Hey Wade. But he doesn't smile 'cause it's Belichick, you know, Wade's joke. My joke. Yeah, I agree. I don't even remember when that started. You know What point for Bob? 'cause I definitely was taking points down. Speaking of sports, I recorded an episode of a sports podcast. You'll never guess which one. Oh, thank you. Thank You for that. And also you'll never guess which not sport. It was about Will I actually not guess? Or is it really obvious Actually, it's a thing you've done. You have a decent chance. It's a thing you've done in life. I know you've done it. You talked a lot about that. You did this thing on Unes onus, I mean on redacted Wrestling. It was an entire video. And you attempted to teach Ethan about this thing. Well, I mean, I thought I taught him about wrestling, but No, that's true actually.


It wasn't about wrestling. Oh, Throwing I do. Oh, you did that too, man. You did more sports than I thought. No, it's marching band. Oh, sport. Sport. I did say it was not a sport. Yeah, no. We had, we talked about marching band and whether it is or is not a sport, and basically agreed that it's not, it was not the most heated debate of all time. That's Fair. Bob. I wrote down a point for you. I've already forgotten what it was for. What did I say it was for? It was your, your joke. It fed me the whole time. My joke. Your joke that you invented and no one else thought of. Thank you man. I got, I got to the point where I was like, one point for That sounds right. Yeah. I was definitely listening to what just happened.


We taught Ethan about marching band. I remember that. I, Anyway, go listen to go my favorite sports team. 'cause I'm on there again. That's the thing. Ooh. Yeah. Again, I apologize to everyone. I loved it because it was a post on, on my subreddit where someone was like, every, every day someone's like, where's Mark? Where's Mark? And then every app reply. And that was just movie stuff. Movie stuff. Movie stuff. Every single person that's just like movie stuff. It's movie stuff. And. It really is. And, and I'll, I'll talk about it. You know, when I come back, I'm gonna have some explaining to do when I get back there Breaking news on Distractible. Mark comes clean today. I don't think he can talk about it. I think that's the problem. Oh, He's Still doing it so it cannot be talked about. Yeah. Well I mean, I could talk about it.


I don't know. Would a freshly ripped paper towel change your mind? I have no cash. Why did you rip it like that? I didn't mean to but I have it here. Alright. Even I'm like, I've, I've torn a paper towel. Wrong Perforations. Too complicated for you. Oh, what did you see? Because this looks clean to me. Oh. Oh, okay. There you go. Perforations don't work sometimes. 'cause turns out it's all paper and the patterns are kind of perforations by themselves. So it's True. It's change your mind. No All. right. The patterns are really more like, what'd you call that? Embossment. Embossing. They're debossed Debossed. Really? Aren't they imprinted? I thought they Were raised. No, actually you might be right.


It Might be a combination of both. I think they're both embossed and debossed. Mm. Oh no, that's a, that's all embossing for some reason in my head. I thought it was. It was Deboss sing as well. Well the amount, look, I don't even know for sure what the words we're using means specifically. So I'm not gonna fight this one too hard. Emboss is in, deboss is out, But there were ins and outs. Yeah. It's hard to tell. Well it turns out I'm deboss today. Yeah, certain, probably certain towels have more embossing or deboss than the other All. right. You know what today's episode is everyone. It's the paper towel episode. I'm gonna need you to buy a bunch of different brands of paper towel for next episode and then we're gonna really delve into the bossing stuff.


This is an thrilling conversation. I mean, how do you really know? Because where's the level point? You don't know where the flat is. So maybe they raise it up first and then bring everything down to the flat. That would be deboss. But who knows? Really? It'd be a multi-stage Deboss sing. Oh God no. I get embossed that I debossed again. You're never gonna keep me bossed. I remember that song. Give Yourself a point. Thank You. How many times in your life do you get to reference Chumba Womba. That's Chumba Womba, right? I have no idea. I thought that was the type of food. The album Tub Thumping by Chumba Womba. I think that's correct. Tub thumping. Give me a point for that. All. Right.


If you boldly just state that you're correct about something you can demand Points. Chaba Bubba Womba. Yeah. Wasn't that your character in Heist? Chumba Womba. Mm I was wba. You were. I was Chumba. You Were Bumba Bubba Bumba. You were Bumba by La Bumba. We got shows today. Anything else you guys wanna talk about in small talk? I've had no time for any passion projects. I don't even know what's happening in the world out there. But one thing I do know is that I was hoping something would come. I was really just kind of rolling. Being like, man, there's gotta be something. And no, I was like, oh no. Is he cut out? He is gone.


It was just emptiness inside my head. I have been doing so much nothing except for the thing I've been doing. That's fair. All, right? Well the points are very strange so far. But I do enjoy where they're at. Have You guys seen, well I know Mark hasn't. Wait, have you checked out the official Nutter butter TikTok by any chance? No. I, Excuse me. I don't know what's going on over there, but they're having some times. What's going on with Nutter butter? Oh, I have seen this. Yes. TikTok update. It's not even really about nutter butter, it's just do you ever wanna feel concerned but also intrigued? Nutter butter is giving that really hard these days. There's something else. They are the The Dollhouse slideshow is just like, I don't, it's fine.


It's good. I like it. Is the Dollhouse slideshow the third one that shows up under pinned Look like a house with blood and or peanut butter. Okay, good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, That's the one. They're just going off. Man, I, I love that. Also, if you look in the comments, it's like nutter butter post this completely unhinged thing. And. It's like sour patch kids. Hey, what is this? Chips a hoy early chicken in a biscuit. Oh, what Wheat things says I'm logging off. Yeah. Anyway, The broken nutter butters in the bed, which I think is an upside down sponge covered in peanut flutter. Just nutter butter stuff. I guess I don't, oh God. It auto scrolled to a cat that was loud.


Oh yeah, they're kind of loud. You gotta watch out for that. Oh My. It was like, okay, we're good. I'm fine. Yeah. welcome to TikTok. It doesn't auto scroll, it just repeats. Wait, what are you looking at? I, well I auto scrolled accident. I auto scrolled My scrolling. I auto scrolled with my fingers. God damnit. I was hoping none of you would notice that part, but point to mark for noticing things. So if we call him out on his mistakes, it's either gonna cost us point or get us a point. So That's true. You never know which. Mm All. right. I'll, I'll risk it. Oh, I have a question. I have a question.


I have a question for people out there. What is the best quality lavalier microphone? I really want to know because I've been through a couple of them now. I've found the best like shotgun microphone. This is mostly for filmmaking purposes, but for any audio nerds out there audio, you'd think that we would know it. 'cause this is a podcast and we all have microphones and we work with them. Oh yeah, sure, sure, sure. I don't really know microphones all that well and lava are microphones because they're so small they can be really shitty. But movies use 'em all the time and you know. But when I was on set I had a LVA on me from the audio guy who really knew what he was doing. Sounded great. I try a lav sounds like ass in a bag.


I don't know how to do it right. I don't know which one to get. Please help me. I Have an idea. I think, go ahead Bob. Oh Wades is probably better. Mine was a joke. I'm sures is I'm sure his is very serious. I'm sures is completely serious. Alright Wade, hit him with the advice. Here's What you do. Alright, I am ready. Get a power strip. Open up the wires that you would plug into the wall and instead you get a car battery and you wrap the wires around that you carry the car battery, you have the, the power strip. You plug in your go XLR and your actual microphone and you get a rig and you just walk around with that like the Twitch streaming backpack. But it's the lavalier go XLR backpack.


I have all of this for one little LA Is this one of those 120 volt AC batteries? I I I, I don't know a car battery that's 120 volts. But you know, I'd love to see it. Maybe that guy who rigged up all those car batteries in parallel, you know. But it got pretty high And it's good exercise 'cause you're carrying around a heavy car battery. If you comfort you at all, mark, his advice is better than my advice. Okay, what was your advice? I'll be the judge. I was gonna say, what you really want to do is attach the mic, whatever you've got, set it up, but then partially swallow it and then tape it in the corner of your mouth and sort of cover that over with makeup. 'cause the closer the mic is to the source of the vibration, which is your vocal cords, the better it'll pick it up.


So I'm assuming that would fix your Problems. You don't have to swallow it. The ENT had a spray that they put in my nose before they put the camera down there. So you can just spray something in your nose and put the mic up your nose and down into your vocals. That way your mouth's available. This is why he's the judge. This is why he's the judge. The naval na. The naval ca. The nasal cavities are where the resonance is. The Naval Academy is something. Naval Academy. Naval Academy. The Naval Academy also has some resonance. Dude, I love Naval Academy. Four People like Mash. I like Naval Academy. Oh, we're a bit unhinged today. That's good.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's Horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint Mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited talk and text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit into a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-O-B e.com/dst. CT IB $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


Episode time or topic? Up to you buddy. Give yourself a point. Okay? Give yourself two. Okay man, he's, I think he's in the lead. What happens if he wins? Killing It. Well, we're actually all tied right now. Well, we'll see about that won't we? So tell me if we've done this before, boys. 'cause I'm not gonna lie, I'm having my doubts now. I don't know if you remember a few episodes ago where I was like, let's do that episode I did one week ago. But we did, we had a topic a while ago now, probably a month ago. I don't know when it was. And one of you guys were like, we need to talk about the Five Senses. Oh yes, yes. If you recall that. But I've got my five Senses episode ready to roll.


What? Oh my Goodness. Oh wait, this is Wade's four D five D experience. Well It's not exactly that. I was hoping that we could all get in person one day and I was gonna have like horrible things for you all to touch, listen to smell, eat and lick and all that. But I can't really do that 'cause we're kind of far apart. So I'm, we're just gonna have a nice discussion about the senses. We're gonna, we're gonna start off pretty easy I think. Wait, so is this or this not, is this not the five D experience? It's not at all is basically what he's saying. Okay. This is the Five Senses episode, not a five D experience episode. Oh, I see. You Know, that thing that that we all said Wade should do. We're not doing that. We're doing this.


So This is just a cock tease. This is not actually what we're here for. Yeah. I can't really give you a five D experience when you're hiding in a random house in like Oklahoma. Now with that attitude. Take a point away from you. Okay. Yeah, We're winning now Mark. Nice. It's True. So let's, let's just have a little discussion here about some of our favorite and least favorite things For the senses. Oh yeah. So what is your favorite thing to see to look at? What is the most pleasing thing that could hit your eyeballs? Boobs. That's fair. That's fair. That's fair. All, right. Well we solved that one.


What? All, right? Yeah. Chica Chicas. Always. Every time I see Chica you can't help but be happy. So yeah. Chica. Yeah, I initially, my, my first response Goes boobs Chica listed really Good boobs, Chica fresh, hot dinner. Assuming that we're skipping over my initial response, which would be like Mandy and James and Lexi and like obviously Sure. Everyone probably guesses that. I think my next one would be like a freshly washed and waxed and perfectly detailed car. Okay. I was, I was I thought you were going somewhere else. Well you took boobs. so I. Well I was, I'll say you were saying freshly washed and waxed and I'm like Hmm, where's it going?


Hmm. Clean butthole. A freshly washed and waxed new bile young car. I see, I see. Just like that. Especially if it's in like good lighting, like it's out in the sunlight or whatever. That shine of like a, doesn't even have to be a nice car. Actually. I like it more if it's like kind of a shitbox but it's just taken care of. Like someone's, you know, 2002 Honda Civic ex. But they washed and waxed it and they cleaned the break this off the rims real nice and they polish and it's like just that moment. 'cause it's never like that for more than like 10 minutes. The moment you drive it down a road, it gets a bug or it gets road crap stuck all over or something. But like, when it's sitting there freshly shiny and you're just like nice, nice.


Very Nice. Yeah. Rests family car. If you Drive by like a car show, do you get excited Bob? A little. The the problem with car shows for me is everyone wants to talk and I'm like that cop that they wanna send undercover in Fast and Furious. Where Paul Walker is like, well what, what should I put in my car? Gallo 22 or a Gallo 20. I'm a guy who's like, oh, Gallo 28 sir, you should supersize it. And it 16 inches. Yeah, no I don't, I don't actually know anything like about car. Car guys will be like, oh, what do you got in there? I'm like, the engine came with an engine, Got an engine in it. And it runs on gas. So, but I like looking at 'em.


I'll stand there quietly and enjoy them. But at the moment a car guy comes up and is like, what are you driving? I'm just like a car. Bye. That's all I got. See my thing is, I I, I'm not particularly drawn to car shows, but if I see like an old car on the road on the way to a car show, I'll go nuts. I'll just, whoa. You know? So the other, like while I was back home, Amy and I, we saw this car drive by and then it was just like, oh we both went, wow, look at that. Whatever that is. That's cool. Four wheels awesome. And then we then, then she's, That's the first year that came with all four. Then she, she was, she was telling me a story and then all of a sudden like she, she can get so engrossed in a story that it tunes everything else out.


And then it was like amazing car after car was driving right by her and I kept being like, what? Look? And she completely oblivious carrying, all carrying on the story. And I saw like it was a complicated, it must have been going to a same car show, but it was just like 10 or 12 different cars go by each one. Completely unique with like custom paint, everything shiny, freshly waxed beautiful. And then I'm like, and Amy was looking straightforward 'cause she was driving so it was like, I don't think that she was fully looking over at me and not noticing what was on the other side of the road. And I asked her if she saw anything. She didn't see a thing even, she didn't even hear me when I was saying like, there's cars, there's something over There. Look at the road, there's cars. Yeah Mark. I know I'm driving.


Yeah, There's cars everywhere. I mean look, the highway cars, you guys will be shocked to hear this, but I get excited whenever I see a car or a truck holding a boat. I can't believe it. You don't like trucks? I like boat. You don't like trucks? I don't really care much for trucks themselves, but trucks pull boat and that's a good truck. You're Traumatized by trucks. Okay. Semi, semi pulling a boat would be kinda weird. What if you see a semi fooling a trailer with like nine boats on it? How do you feel about that? God, I hope they're secure. 'cause otherwise I'm dying today. Well the boat, the boats are fine, but the semis all over the place is gusting at 60 miles an hour from the east.


And They're weird boats. They're really, really thin and long look like logs. But they're boats Really sharpens Really pointy boats. You know. Why does everyone know that scene from Final Designation Two? Not everyone has seen that movie, but everyone knows that scene. I haven't seen any of those movies, but I know that scene. I mean I think it may have been in one of the trailers that went around a lot for it. But also it's in like a lot of compilations. It's like a meme that gets spliced into a lot of older compilations of things happening or something I think didn't Something similar happen in the first one with like metal poles or something too. So they like kind of did it again. Wasn't It like Log truck or, or so I don't remember. I think there were Log, I thought it was metal poles too. I don't know. It's the general concept.


There Was a bunch of stuff in two. Speaking of this, what's the worst thing you could see? Because I've got a couple of answers that are kind of related to this one. But I Have one that I don't even like talking about because I can remember seeing it and it's just in general leg injuries. Oh, but more, oh yeah, more specifically like football leg injuries, like the thaman injury and stuff. Or like fighters like kickboxers. Have you ever seen Kickboxers where like they kick in their shins hit and one of their legs just goes woo woo woo. Like a little slappy hand and wraps around the other. Like it's like stuff like that makes me Ill and I if like, ugh, I can't, I don't even like thinking about it.


But it's horrific. MTV had a show called Scarred and I remember seeing a dude lifting weights and his leg buckled twice when he lifted the weight. Oh that I hate that too. And that one, that one got me. Weightlifting injuries are always bad 'cause they're always like, yeah, yeah. And then you're like, oh God, the clip's about to end and he's all Yeah. And like it doesn't matter what happened, it's just like, ah, it he'll never read the same whatever that was. It's gone. It's ugh. I had been squatting for a while 'cause I wasn't sitting on a chair and I was just kinda like squatting down on the floor. And I know I'm getting older 'cause my knees cannot take very much of that anymore. Well I was, I was squat for hours. so I was like, I just like man knees, once they go they're gone.


Also Tripophobia, that's terrible. But that's just, Oh yeah. In general. Ugh. I actually don't mind those so much. But I get why it keeps people out. I could show you one that would actually make your skin crawl. I believe you moving on. Do it. You cowered. I won't do it. I I won't do it 'cause I don't want to see it. I don't want to look it up. so I won't Watching people get sick. I can't like vomiting. I can't watch. How real does that have to be? Well not like scary movie if they're just like, like that doesn't do it. Does The sound of someone gagging do it to you? Or does it you have to see them being sick? are you one of those people where if I was like, you would be like, It's the com It's probably the combination.


Yeah. If I hear that, like the sound itself doesn't bother me. It's the, it's the, the seeing of it. You Know, I'm trying to think. I don't know if I've ever actually seen someone, like in my direction Pearl, I don't even have to be at me, just just be near me. Someone in front of me like bends over and just starts like, I'm like, I gotta, they're there. I really struggled one year. 'cause I remember Molly was getting sick and I like went to hold her hair back and I was like, man, you might need to make room. We're gonna have a couple's vomiting session because this is so horrible. No, I I've never been bothered by that. I don't think anyway, that, That gets me, I mean it's unpleasant but it's not like I'm not, I don't feel like I'm going to throw up if I see it or hear it. Yeah, There's some like gore that can get me, but also someone vomiting.


This Is weird, but I just wanna throw it out there. 'cause I've always been curious. I feel like I have a really weird way that I throw up and I I, you don't get to see it a lot. So when I throw up one, I don't do it very much. Like I've only ever thrown up a handful of times in life when I throw up. It's like, I like scream. Like I, I I feel like other people like you get sick and you're like, oh well, and it's like, well I throw up literally it's so violent that I'm like, ugh. Oh God. Oh it's not gonna stop. And like I, it's involuntary. I literally am like screaming. That's weird, right? I think so. So It's like, it's like the family guy thing. It's like that episode where they drink the epica Kind of, it's a lot like the Epica serum.


It's not like a bit, and it's not a thing where I'm doing it because I'm in pain. It's like when I'm starting to throw up something about how my muscles tense and whatever, and my, my body is just involuntarily like, no. Even if it's I'm, I'm barely sick at all. Or like, you know when you kind of, you've got it all out and your system is like, okay, but, and then there's that one more and like nothing even comes out. It's still a full on scream. And. it always has made me feel like a psychopath. I Don't think I've ever screamed. It's weird. That's weird, right? That's not I think So. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little weird. Okay. I don't know why that happens. I just, I'm glad that's out there now. But it just, I've always thought I was, that was super weird. It's probably like the same thing where some people scream sneeze, you know, they, you know, they have to Oh yeah, my grandpa yelled when he is the ah to yeah to, And and we all know that that's bullshit, right?


Like that's not helping you. It probably actively preventing you from sneezing properly. I mean, Bob, you have a child. How, how does James sneeze? You know? Oh He sneezes. Like you just slapped him in the face. You just be hanging out with James and he sneezes like he has no idea. He'll just be like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Nanny pew. And it's just like everywhere it, there's no wind up, there's no screen. It's just like pew and blasted. And that's probably how the reflex of sneezing is supposed to do because it's effective to get things out of the nasal cavity. That's the whole point of sneezing. But we as humans, with all of our, our four brain and our, our big skills are like ha how we get a reaction from people around it if we're loud when we sneeze and then we can just be like, this is so I sneeze.


This is so I sneeze guys. And then you faked it so much that that's, you cannot sneeze normally anymore. I don't know. 'cause I rarely get just the sneeze. It's always the, oh God, it's coming, it's coming. Where's the light? So because Subconsciously you're trying to stop it. No, I'm trying to encourage it. No, no, no. There's a mental block there. Same as peeing, you're holding your bladder and that's not normal. Let it loose. Let it loose. But we're taught to like, cover up and stuff. So yeah, we probably do have like a subconscious reaction of like, okay, we're feel it, it's coming. It's time. I need lights. I need arm. Have you guys seen the community bit about sneezing to the use of sneezing to make a point or whatever? No, it's Pierce Chevy Chase's character is try to teach Troy, who's Donald Glover's character about like, sneezing is a very effective tool to control the room.


And they just go through a bunch of different bits where he is like, my, my favorite is to use sneezing to make a point. Like, ah, I think the Yankees are gonna win it all this year. It's not a long bit, but it's a whole bit about that. It's like, it's exactly what you're saying. It's on purpose. I always find that I have never seen any media, any movie, any TV show where someone has, as an actor has sneezed in a scene and ever believed it. It's not even close. Have you guys ever seen any media where someone has sneezed in a scene and it's believable? You're like, oh shit, that guy actually sneezed is always sounds ridiculous. Only in bloopers. There are totally bloopers where someone sneeze but then everyone's like, dude, they're not using that.


And I, I don't know how we're all getting away with it because we, you could just replace it with a sound of someone actually sneezing. But they just like leave in the, the actor going, oh, oh, oh man. And then it's just like, that's what They go with. But I hope one day we have a Wilhelm sneeze. Wilhelm sneeze. It's like, oh my god. That's the sneeze. That's the sneeze. That's the sneeze. Yeah. So if I ever make a project with sneezing in it, you're gonna have real sneeze, disgusting ones. That's a, that's an important part of Mark's audition. He's like sitting there, actors are coming through and they're like, okay good. Okay. You read those. Can you sneeze for us? Just just do, do take a run. Just do a couple like whatever. Just don't even cover it up. Just let it out.


Get It's maybe start the line over. Start at the top, get closer. Work a sneeze in naturally. I just wanna see how that works. I wanna see how your nose flares when you sneeze. Lemme get in there. Stop trying to sneeze and sneeze. Hit me. Stop trying to sneeze. Sneeze. Give yourself a point for that. That is a great reference. Yeah, I'm back on the board baby. We're gonna move on to the next sense. I Just had an image of Marcus, like Stanley Kubrick save character in the middle of filming on the set and there's an actor just standing there crying and Marcus like, stop trying to sneeze and do it.


You have to mean what you sneeze screaming was like, Hey Jade, that was a real sneeze. We will be here all day until you sneeze. Get the pepper. I can't take any anymore pepper. I'm Gonna write the sneezes character. Who are you gonna cast for it? Well we'll find out. I'll find that person who can sneeze on the man. Yeah, you're about to make someone's career with the sneeze roll. We need the most allergic person ever to come to set and just be allergic to everything. Okay. Anyone listening? Is there anyone out there that can sneeze on demand or something like that? Or who actually has a believable sneeze? Or if you think you do, I would love, I wouldn't love I I wanna qualify that there's A weird kink we're unraveling.


Please submit your videos. Mark wants your sneeze videos. Text him to 5, 5 5. Go On. Say my number. Go ahead. I'm not gonna give out your number. 5 5 5 0. 1 2 3. There I said it. Oh It was so hard to get that number. Yeah, that'd be the easiest way to hide your phone number. You just like you get a five five oh number. No one would believe it. Ah, she gave me a fake number. Why did we all agree that 5, 5 5 would be the fake number? Aren't those valuable? They need those numbers. They're running out. It must have been an extension combo that like doesn't get used or something. I have no idea. I Have an idea as to how they can fix it. You add one more digit.


No, no, no. We're running out of numbers. What Do we do? Have you guys seen international phone numbers? Because like I know seven digits feels very normal to us. International numbers. I get that everyone grows up with what they grow up with. But it always just takes me by surprise. Like if you're like watching TV in Europe or something and they're like, if you want your very own inflatable bro kick call 1 6 7 8 2 2 3, 3 4, 7, 6, 8, 9 2. It's like, what the fuck phone number, what happened? I mean Even you saying seven numbers is so funny because when I was in Ohio, you know you kind of take it for granted that the entire thing of Cincinnati is 5 1 3.


Right? That's the area code in la There's so many people that you have so many different area codes they're and they don't even pretend to where you are. It's just random. So it's like yeah and then like trying to dial into Korea. That's crazy. 'cause yeah you need the country code and then you need like the international code and then country code and then their area code and numbers that Will not fly in Ohio because even Molly coming from Minnesota, she's got the Minnesota area code on her phone. Anytime someone asks for her number and I give 'em like her area code, they're like, and then I'll say the next three numbers and they're like, that's weird. You should have said four numbers after that. And then I get another four. Like they always like, hold on 'cause they have to go change the area code. 'cause they always think it's just 5 1 3.


Ohio will not do well if they have to adapt to just beyond area codes. I even have an Ohio area code, but people in Cincinnati are not prepared for it. They'll ask and I'm like, okay 6 1 4 and they're like, ah shit, hang on God. Like that's the next, that's Columbus. That's the next area over in terms of code. They cannot handle anything that is notch 5 1 3. Alright, I gotta move on. We're we're, what Sense was that That was all site. We have not gone beyond site yet. Oh Sure. I hate looking at phone numbers. Oh but we were, we were talking about sneezing. I thought we were in the, well I guess that's not smelling. That's, I sure thought we were somewhere but we weren't. That Was a sneeze smell. What a question.


Alright. Right. Speed round. Best thing to smell. I mean I always say this, I've said this before and people don't ever seem to agree with me, but I really like the smell of tobacco and cigarettes. I don't smoke. No, I get that. But it's just like, it's something very appealing about it. I Disagree with ley but I believe you like it. Yeah. I Don't know why. Just always have, It's not like a super strong thing for me. But I generally do like the smell of specifically like non burning tobacco. Mm. Yeah. Before, before it's lit. Like a pouch of pipe tobacco or unlit cigars, whatever, that sort of stuff. Once it's burning, it's definitely not as nice. But I get that. Yeah, I think my dad smoked a pipe for a bit there and yeah he would have like, he had this like leather pouch with tobacco in it And it, it always, it always was weird 'cause it was wet.


It was like wet in the thing. Pipe Tobacco is real moist. Yeah, It's so Moisty very moist that That threw me off. And I never knew why. That's 'cause They smother it in gasoline. So the light, This is where we douse the tobacco and kerosene and arsenic so it stays fresh for our consumers. He, He had a, he had a Popeye style pipe, you know, he'd like to blow in and get flames to go, you Know, Really, really nice. And so he'd prove you're a man. Really Dangerous to inhale. Probably. I, there's a lot of stuff for me right now. What's in my mind is a charcoal grill and or a grill that has like wood chip, like smoker or something that has wood chips in it. Just that smell of like, even before there's food on it, that smell of like the grill getting going.


It's a good smell. I like that smell. Fried bacon is kind of my mark's. Tobacco. 'cause my grandma always used to like fry bacon before she would make breakfast. So it was like, bacon was the, the grease was the base for gravy and other stuff. Like the smell of fried bacon always takes me back. Like whenever I smell bacon, I'm always like, oh one bacon's good. But two, the nostalgia factor. I don't know if I have a very strong nose 'cause I don't tend to notice smells very much. I I don't go through my day and I'm like, wow, it smells so good in here. Like there has to be a literal fragrance exploder in the wall right there for me to notice that someplace smells different than others. However, do you guys agree that home has a certain smell? Yeah.


Yeah. The home you grew up with and that I can definitely notice. No, we just experienced that. We, we were just at the, at the beach for a week. We took James and my family and Mandy's parents were out there. We were there. We literally got home after like a lot. It was like nine days out and we got home and walked in And. it was like, Oh God, I forgot what home smelled like. And that's not even like my parents' house definitely also has a smell that's like more childhood. But even our house now was like, it's not a bad or good smell. It just is the way it smells. Probably like similar to just how, how pheromones are with people that you're around. You don't mind the smell. It's not good or bad.


Well for some people it's probably like, they really like it. But it's, it's just like that, that is just the association. Yeah. I mean I guess it's good if you like it. It's not a particular smell, it just is the smell of home, whatever that amalgamation is, I don't even know. And, and it's different. Like if I, if I go to my home in LA versus my home in, in Cincinnati, they have different smells, but it's still very appealing and nostalgic. And it, it instantly brings me back to this time. so I have a query. Ah, we all fly a fair amount. Not maybe as much as Mark does, but all three of us have traveled. When you're in the airport or at a mall, we've all smelled when there's like a Cinnabon close, right? Oh yeah. Is that a good smell for you or a bad smell?


I feel like I don't know how people like that. And for me personally, when I smell that part of me is like, God, I would eat a Cinnabon. But most of me is like, ah, keep it away. It's too much. God. I find that it's good until it lingers way too long and then it gets way too strong. 'cause Cinnabon and lately I, I've not gotten as many sweets as I have in the past since I've been here. I've, I've made a few more donut runs than I ever have. But yeah, it's just like, if it's too much, like, especially that it's such a strong smell. It's Aggressive. It is very, Yeah. so I it gets bad pretty quickly for me. It Does not, the smell does not get bad to me. However, I've only had Cinnabon once and the taste did not live up to the smell for me.


Like it was fine. Oh really? But I didn't enjoy the flavor nearly as much. Like I would rather have like the can of like, what is it Pillsbury cinnamon rolls that you make in the oven. Like I'd rather have those because when I had the cinnab bun, whatever I got was not like cinnamon enough. It was just kinda like bland that I was like, dude, compared to the smell. This is just so planned. I feel like you must have had a bad one or something though. Maybe I did. It's, it's only happened one time. 'cause I smelled it and I was like, dude, finally I'll get to try this. Generally they have a lot of the like crumbly cinnamon filling. They're very like, they got pizazz and gizzy sauce And what sauce. You heard me? They've got, they've got the jy sauce. I mean I can't not give a point for that. It's not even my joke That's from a standup bit that I can't remember who said it.


I think might be a Jim Gaffin bit. Nah, he wouldn't say jy. It was you the whole time. It Was me. Somewhere deep in my mind I've seen myself do a set and in that standup set I, I made the jy sauce joke. I Peered into the multiverse and I saw the standup version of me, the successful one, not the washed up one. But yeah, cin bun. The smell has never bothered me. I've always enjoyed the smell, but now when I smell it I'm like, oh. But the bum is so disappointing. Like I just have that like And you had the standard cib bon bun. I don't, I mean this is probably 10 years ago. It's been a while. I don't remember what I got. I'll, I'll just probably try it again. I just don't ever actually stop. I mean, not eating Cinnamons for the rest of your life is probably really good for your health.


so I don't Wanna Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah. I do like cinnamon rolls. I like cinnamon a lot. I like cinnamon toast. Putting like butter and cinnamon and sugar on toast. Cinnamon sugar visualized. I always love seeing like when they show how much sugar The, there's somehow there's like a bag of sugar that's bigger than a cinon. While You're looking at that, I'm gonna move to worse smells. 'cause 'cause we are, we're moving a little slow on these senses. Is This a tear list? are you making a tear list? are you making a senses tear list? What? No. are you, I bet he is. What smell would you say is S tear? Okay. I have a bad smell. I don't know if it's the worst smell, but it's definitely one that always fills me with dread.


I like Jimmy John's, but I worked at Jimmy John's and like sandwich type stores in general. The smell of like a not quite clean kitchen in like the store like that. It smells kind of like, almost like stale, almost like rotten veggies almost. And it's got that, like that meat stank. It's hard to describe, but there's a specific smell. And sometimes you walk into like a Subway or a Jimmy John's just, if the store is not like cleaned up to what it should be, it just hits you And. It's not strong, but it's particular. And I'm having worked at a variety of stores, one of which was on a college campus. Sometimes I would come to work and the people the night before just didn't clean shit and the whole thing, it just stinks.


And you're like, ugh. And I got, I hate That In a similar vein, freshman year of college, you, you about Me too. Me too. I agree. Mark sounds, what's the worst sound? I don't like loud. Loud. I really, really don't like loud. How do we get along? I have a very low volume on my headphones and, and yeah, it's, it's probably, you know, been good for me because my hearing is still quite good. But I just really, really can't stand anything too loud. Again, weird because I am a very loud person. We are all very loud, but loud concerts. Can't do it. I don't want to feel the music. I don't want that at all.


You know, listening to loud music in your headphones or, or whatever. I'm like, nope, I don't want that. I want a nice even tone. I want to be able to hear what's around me. If I have my air pods in, they're always in transparency mode. So it's like, I never want, sometimes I can't do the noise cancellation because the way noise cancellation works is it just pumps sound waves in to cancel out. But that's still more sound waves. so I can actually, I, I think maybe, but I can feel the canceled waves coming in too. And it's like, no, I get that sometimes. I know what you're saying. Yeah. It's, it's quieter but it's louder or it's more intense and I don't, it's Like oppressive. Yeah. Yeah. so I don't like it. It's like a Pressure feeling or something.


Yeah. And you're like, ah, stop. Ah, yeah. Okay. Loud. Speaking of loud. You know what, I can't stand, I fancy myself like a fairly handy person. I like fixing things around the house. I fucking hate power tools specifically. And especially circular saws. Like, I've tried to like build little things, like a step in the garage. I tried to like replace the one 'cause it was fun, that sort of thing. And like I, I like doing that sort of stuff, but circular saws and impact drivers, especially the sound that they make. Oh Yeah. Oh God, it makes me want to die. I remember the first time I ever used a circular saw, I was an adult and I was on my, and I like went and I bought it and I was like, I'm gonna do this. And I had it and I was like, yeah, I feel so manly.


And then I pulled the trigger And, it was like, and I was like, God, I like put it down and walked away. And. it was like, I'm never touching that again. That's the most terrifying thing I've ever heard. Yeah, they are unnecessarily loud. And You built decks. Why didn't you just wear earplugs or something? Oh yeah, God. Oh my god. I didn't just have earplugs. I had the big over the ear like blockers because I, I was not about the noise. I couldn't hear my boss at all. But I didn't care because I was just like, he coulda could have been yelling, Falling, Gotta move. I'm like, oh man. Blissful peace. I, yeah, yeah. Noise loud. Can't do loud As a kid. Fireworks going off. I went into hidden the house 'cause I was so scared of the loud noises being close to like where my family was setting them off.


So yeah, I, I get the loud, Oh, I'm not afraid of it. I'm not a coward. I just don't like it. Yeah, Sure. I would never hide in the house. Well, you're so low to the ground that not only do you hear, but you feel the ground vibrations from the noise. It's gotta be terrifying for you, mark. It's, it's, it's so scary. I'll give you a point for being short. It's fine. Best thing to touch. We all thought it. What boobs are you talking? Boobs? What are you thinking? Yeah. Duh Man. That's given, that's given, this is sort of situational, but I'm trying to think outside the box on these, my shower's at home, I have control over those, right? So if you don't like your shower at home, you can like change the shower head and there's, there's things you can do to optimize your home.


But you know what's really satisfying is like you're in a hotel or even if you're like a guest at a house or something and you, and you and you're using someone else's shower and you're like, I don't know if this is gonna be good. You can't always tell just from how it looks. If it's gonna be a decent and you turn it on and what, and you get it and you put your hand under the shower for the first time and it's like a perfect shower. Like it's the good pressure and the temper and you're just like, oh, this is about to be the best shower. That moment of like, you feel that and you're just like, yes, the shower is awesome. And then it's a good shower and it's like when you're traveling, that's especially valuable I feel like. 'cause it just feels so refreshing. Yeah. There's nothing better than a good fork.


There's so many different factors because it's like the size of the fork, the width of the prongs, the length of the prongs, but also the material of it. There's certain like cheap metal ones that are fine, they're whatever. But there are certain silverware that have like a textured metal. It's so hard to explain. They're not textured, but It's like, it's like the polished finish on it or something. It's like the way they do it. Yeah. It's not perfectly smooth, but it's, it has like this feel. I, there's a similar thing that they use to build some laptops. Not a lot because apparently I think it's expensive. It's like some magnesium alloy or something like that where it's like, it's just really nice to run your fingers across or hold or, or like have tactilely And the, the edges too.


A lot of forks have like pointy corners on them, which is just completely unhinged to me. It's like, that's the part you're holding. Why would you, or like the size, some of them have really big, like it gets skinny and then the end is just like fucking huge as you're like, this doesn't even fit in my hand. Right. A perfect fork is always satisfying. That's a good one. Very, very nice. Yeah. Maybe it's because I'm just really tired, but man, whenever you like lay in your bed, especially after getting back from like a trip, like your bed and your pillow, just love the feel of like getting into bed. Especially like when you get back from a trip. I don't know, no matter how comfortable the bed was staying at, it wasn't your bed. Like, you just hit those sheets and it's like, it was a good feeling. I don't know man.


I used to think that I've been sleeping on a couch for the past week and a half. Mark's a couch guy Now that couch is so comfortable and I, I like, it's my nightmare sleeping scenario because the only blanket is one of those knit blankets that's like, you know, crocheted. So it's like a holes, like fishnet style holes through 'em. Terrible abrasive stuff. I best sleep in my life. I've, I've never slept better. so I'm like, man, maybe I'm doing it wrong. Like, I dunno what's gonna happen. Except last night I, I slept on my hand funny. So like, my, my, my fingers are dead, I think. Oh, I hate that. The tips are just like completely, yeah, still they're kind of sore. 'cause it's like, I think some cells died. It's been way too long for the feeling to come back and you're like, well that's just how it is now.


These Are garners, Lemme tell you, shave your head, be bowed like me. And your pillow hits different, especially when you get used to it. Oh, it's like so cool and crisp. That is true. No, that's absolutely true because I get a problem where I wake up in the middle of the night thinking there's a bug in my ear and I, I know it's just my hair that got in there. I don't have that. But I, I cannot shake that feeling because it's just like I have to get up and then I have to rinse it out. And then one time I got up and I rinsed out my ear and the feeling went away and I'm like, dear Lord, is that actually a bug in my ear? Because when I'm in this warehouse, I, I didn't get it on camera because I wasn't recording. I was setting it up at the right time. But I was looking in the monitor. I saw a daddy long legs fall right on my head.


Oh. And I was like, that can't be real. And then it started going and I'm like, God Turned into Homer Simpson, Don. It was, I mean, pretty much, man, that was, it was not Okay. I guess that brings us to worst things to touch. Is that up there, the daddy? The feeling of like, something Crawling on you. That's fine. I only have one thing that really jumps out when it's like bad to touch, which is the phelp roof of like old cars. I don't even think they make 'em anymore, but like, Oh, the like fake velure. You don't like that? Yeah. I can't touch that. I, I don't even encounter that stuff normally. Like I can do velvet and I can do velure. It's specifically like the roof of certain cars. This material, every time you run your fingers are chronic.


I Don't like the velvety feeling. Maybe it's felt, but like that velvety or fake velvety feel. I don't like that. Also, let me just be crazy here. Styrofoam can't touch it. I Can't believe you would say that. Unforeseeable. Fuck you said it. I know. Anyway, the, the felt I could get that I get that I don't like, it gives me the heebie-jeebies pulling apart a cotton ball. I never got that one. But that's definitely like a specific thing. You know, you just don't like that. God, I can, I can use a cotton ball, but if like someone's like, oh he pull this. No. Yeah, no, I, I think I get that one too. That's, that's not not good. I like cooking and so this is just a normal thing that happens. But I have still never gotten over the sensation of touching raw meat.


And especially like ground meat. It's fine 'cause I know it's gonna turn into food once I cook it, but man is that always just so unpleasant. The moment where I'm like, alright, gotta mix this meatloaf or whatever, gotta make these burgers. I just have, I always have a moment of like, oh, and then you have to just start touching. I don't know why because I love cooking and I love food, but that it's just always so slimy in a bad way. Yeah. I've never had that. I, I, I can, I make meatloaf a lot so yeah. I've never really gotten that. Yo mamas like raw meat Take a point away. Yeah. I've already on it. All. right. Quickly then best thing to taste Man. So many things.


I know it's terrible for me. I know I shouldn't but you know, sour, I just love It. I still haven't recovered from our challenge. It gave me a negative reaction to sour. That's that thing we did seven years ago. You haven't recovered from that yet. Like I still like sour. You're saying we a lot there Bob, you're saying we real hard. I was there. I watched, it was horrific. No, I, I know I've done permanent damage to my teeth and gums and, and I haven't had sour in a while. I kind of stopped myself from having it 'cause I know it was so bad. I so like oh man, I still yum. So I both like it but then I also like it makes me do a thing where I like feel my cheeks.


Yeah. After the, Just afraid they're melting again. I Think most people can get that, what is it, psychosomatic, is that even the right word? But where they, that Had to be terrible for our teeth too. Yeah, It was. I've done permanent, like I said, I've done permanent damage. I'm sure I need to go to the dentist. But does everyone have that psychosomatic thing where they think of sour and they feel the sour in their mouth? Yeah. I get that a little bit. It like makes my cheeks kind of like, which Is interesting. That's a, that's a fascinating like reaction. It's such a strong thing. Like there are a lot of other strong flavors but sour is such a strong, it's such a physical thing on top of the flavor. 'cause it makes you involuntarily like pucker and stuff. Very particular. I like anything that's like a dip on a chip.


That combo of like a nice crispy chip with some kind of dippy bit on it. I really like spinach artichoke dip. I really like skyline dip. I really like, that's why I like nachos. There was a time in my life where I only ordered nachos wherever we went. If they had nachos, I got nachos. Any kind of restaurant. I don't know why. I love the, like I have a chip and it's got some stuff on it and the crunchy bit, whatever that combo is just always does it for me. Even if it's a shitty dip, still does it for me. Always hits Country bacon gravy, like bacon grease, gravy with flour and milk. I grew up with that. My grandma made that like all the time. You can have it with breakfast like bacon, eggs, gravy, biscuits or there's like a dinner version that we would do where it was like fried pork chops with mashed potatoes, peas, gravy and biscuits.


And I would pair them all up and mix them all together and man there's probably nothing in the world I'd rather have any given day other than one of those two meals. So I'd ever get tired of it. Also, boobs would've been acceptable for best things to taste answer to. I assumed that that was just sort of, we were skipping that because Yeah, I'm just sharing that for the audience to remember. Boobs are the answer to all these. But you know we, we, I love the sound of boob, the resonating. No anyway, the worst things to taste. I was gonna say raw tomatoes. Oh really? I like tomatoes. Love ketchup, love cooked tomatoes. And there's a chemical reason for that. There's, it's, it's something about the glutamate when you cook it, it turns from something but the precursors to that are different.


And to some people like Wade doesn't like most Mexican foods because of what? Cilantro or something like that. That can taste like soap to some People and yeah any of the taco enchilada burrito stuff. I don't Know. I think with raw tomatoes it's like the same thing. If you cook it it becomes unbelievably delicious. But it is, if it's raw it's like just, eh, I just think it's interesting that that's the worst thing I guess. 'cause I get not liking it is like fine. Not the worst I guess. I mean a concentrated essence of poop in my mouth. I think I would probably, that'd be the worst taste. Sure. But you know, I haven't experienced that I've ever eaten shit. I have one. You know what's really unpleasant and I'm sure we've all been here, maybe I was not trying to get high just as a preface, but you know how like an aerosolized air dusting cans, right?


Where it's like compressed air that's just a can of aerosolized air for blowing crap out of your keyboard or whatever. They put a bittering agent in that because you could huff that aerosol to get high. That's like you could do whippets or whatever that's called. Right? So they put a bittering agent in it so that if it gets in your mouth it's fucking nasty. Every time I used a can of compressed air, I'm always so paranoid because I somehow, I always, I'll like spray my hand too close or I'll do something or I'll like hold the keyboard up at a weird angle and I'll spray it and I'll get it in my mouth and I fucking hate that flavor. It's so gross. It's very effective at what is designed to do. It's awful. I would recommend the little electronic air blowers 'cause they're a little battery powered now and so they just got a tiny little fan jet and they just, they they blow air and they don't have anything like that.


Some people say it's not good for electronics because it'll generate static electricity and nowadays with, with electronics, you, you really can't kill them with static electricity. They're not as vulnerable as they used to be to that. No, No, not at all. And even then, like even back in the day, like s electricity really wasn't that big of a problem because you know, things are pretty robust and Sac electricity is really not, the amperage is so low. If you did it right to the top of A CPU, yeah maybe that's, they're probably not great but you know, most of the time you're not doing that. To me it's any unexpected taste. Like if you eat something familiar and you know it tastes a certain way but something's off. It's like that immediate reflex of like, oh God, what's in this?


Like something's, something's wrong. I've Got a TikTok. I got a TikTok for this exact moment. Hold on. Wait. Okay, got it. All right? You ready? Yes. Okay. All. right. Hold on. Look at this Chocolate milk. Oh what is it? Look at this. What is this? It's To milk. Anyway, that's, yeah, that's, I know what you're talking about Man. That had, that had big vine energy with the, with the cutoff scream and everything. That was, that was good. We spent a lot longer on this than I expected. I actually had more than these five. All the other senses we're not even gonna get to like smudge Stuck sm I don't have a very sensitive smudge.


We'll have to find out a different time 'cause I'm gonna wrap this one up. Those were the five senses and we covered all five. Do you think that these sense, the feeling of being watched is real? Oh yeah. A hundred percent. I don't think it correlates to actually being watched in a strong meaningful way necessarily, but that feeling is awful and very real. Yeah, that is a real sensation. Yeah. I Think it must be some kind of like evolutionary advantage to it because it's with animals also. I mean I know they can probably hear and smell and other things, but I just imagine there's gotta be something, if there was a way to detect like, or get a kind of a sense like someone is looking at me and you know that whole quantum thing where it's like if you observe the electrons, you know they do one pattern and if you don't they do another.


It's like okay, so maybe there is some kind of effect that can be naturally, you know, seen if, if you're being observed. Like maybe, maybe it's something it happens too often and people talk about it too often for it to be pure coincidence. Quantum smelling. Yes, exactly. It's not a pleasant feeling. Yeah. Didn't they say that? Like some like I forget I was talking about before, I wasn't sure if it was like verified or not, but the sense of smell is like based on some kind of quantum mechanics as well. I think that, I think we talked about that in in passing at some point. That they were sort of unsure what that, I think I Brought it up because I saw some article but I wasn't sure if it was ever confirmed. That's why I'm not a hundred percent. Anyway, that's it.


End the episode. All, right. Well lemme go over points here. Don't read into this at all. But Mark, I'm gonna give your points first. Oh God, not Mark, you got points for movie. Noticed me. Sad, busy Mark poll, tobacco, boobs, birds, cowed, Cowed. It looks like COU capital D, but I don't know it's there. Space short felt roof. Sour poo milk. Raw tomatoes. It's poo, it's poop. Bob, you got points for Wade's joke. Shabo rubbo wba, womba, leg hurt, swallow rod on gas.


Cinnabon murder house scream, vomit, curse scream. I don't know what the car scream. Car scream probably. Oh, ker scream. Ker scream. The jy squiz no sauce. The jy sauce. Jy squiz fucking raw chip dip com Park dare air compact. Air compressed air, compressed air mark. You ended with 14 points. I bet Mark wins this one. Bob, you would be right. You have 13 points. Ah, He did the thing, The Poh milk pushed him over the edge. Yes, the Poh milk tick up. It's PI Had four points for deboss. Sad, I don't know what else, but I removed two of them.


so I ended up with two points. Good try. Good try. Yeah. But congratulations Mark, you are today's winner. Thank You very much. I tried super hard. You're very sensical sensible, Sensy Sensitive. No, That can't be right. Oh, give us your winner speech. I don't often take advantage of all five of my senses. Possibly more. And you know that's, that's regrettable in my day-to-day life. But it just so happened that today I tapped into all of those and they say if you lose one sense, you gain in the others. And I think that I was just selectively killing off every sense as we went along. Starting with sight. I am blind, deaf, dumb, I can't do anything, but I won.


So even if I like the, my video might have cut out, my microphone might be gone, but I'm a winner. I think maybe I just made up hearing that I won and you guys are trying to mute me, but I, I think I won. He isn't about the handshake deal either. Well he couldn't smell here or smudge it. I can't smudge a thing guys. Bob, you are not winner. So give us not winner speed. If I had won, I would've been the best winner. I would've been an even better winner than Mark. I would've been even more gracious. But somehow also even more boastful. Humble but braggadocious smart yet stupid. Smelly but delicious. I would've been all things to all people and it's really Wade's fault that no one gets to experience that.


so I don't feel bad because in my heart of hearts I know the truth. And the truth is the, oh, I can't keep the act up. Guness, I lost. I'm just so sad. I was just covering it up. This one hurts. I don't know why this one hurts. You were that close beaten by poo milk. Fucking poo milk. If I didn't bring that out, it could've been the wheel spin. So I'm sorry about that. It would've been probably, Oh you know what, I'm happy we avoided the Wheelin. All. right. That's a good silver Lining. It was 1.08 and then Poo milk pushed us over the edge. All. right. Well congrats Mark for winning. Bob. Well thought. I hope y'all enjoyed the five senses and curious at all. You enjoy and hate.


Let's all great at Styrofoams the worst though. Stay tuned For the next one, we're Marco Host. I'm sure it'll be a something episode. Until then, you can find Market. Market Pli Bob at Meger and me at minion. 7, 7, 7. Or Lord Minion 7, 7, 7. We have merch Distractible store.com, check it out and I guess stay tuned for whatever comes next. Until then, podcast out. It's.