
This episode is brought to you by Indiana Jones. In the great circle, uncover one of history's greatest mysteries in Indiana Jones. In the Great Circle, a first person single player video game set between Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Last Crusade. The Year is 1937. Sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power and only one person can stop them. Indiana Jones. Do I enjoy Indiana Jones? I may have done a cosplay of me in a refrigerator surviving a nuclear bomb. Yes I do. Adventure calls Indiana Jones in the Great Circle out December 9th on Xbox series X and S Game pass and PC pre-order now rated T for T. Copyright trademark 2024. Lucas Film Limited All rights reserved.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


Good Evening gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode bureaucratic Bob Sleuths. A screen situation then forces his friends to guess the worth of the worthless ranking. Wade Laos Penthouse has power problems but knows his toast. Marveling bark has heat related performance issues, then snaps up a scrotum strap, Scarlet snot and a ridden rubber from ping pigs to Annie's huge helmet. Ha, it's time for The Cost Is Correct. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of Distractible and I promise this is the only time during this entire episode that we're going to mention paid orgasms. I am your host, my name is Bob and I'm joined as ever by my two competitors for today and Pro maybe host of next time. One of them I guess is how that works. Wade and Parker here. I'm not saying the beginnings of these episodes have been off putting but I feel slightly off Put. It's a one and only time so everyone keep that in mind. Dear Penthouse. Dear Penthouse forum. I can't believe it happened to me. I'm p I'm shocked people even understand that reference because I don't even know I, it's not even like my generation that that's from It's not no, that was like a joke.


My dad and like his age make Gen XI guess is the generation that that is almost gen older. Gen X Is penthouse even still around anymore. I know a lot of magazines are basically on the way out so I no idea. I'm not gonna Google that. Just like I'm not gonna Google Ashley Madison 'cause I don't want that on my search history. Who's looking at your search history? The Government? Yes. Penthouse Magazine still exists and is available in both print and digital formats apparently. So it does still exist. I dunno if you guys remember back in the Torrenting days, but I had a program called Kaza. Oh I've never heard of this. There's a radio station I think. I don't know that these dudes are still on it, but have you heard of Bob and Tom? You guys have probably heard of Bob and Tom, right?


Yeah. Bob, Yes. Okay, well on top of their Mr Obvious gets, which I liked, there was a song called Dear Penthouse that was on Bob and Tom and I listen to that in like the early two thousands and every time I hear you guys say Dear Penthouse like during that episode, I just thought of that song the whole time. I know the whole song still after 25 years or whatever, I don't know anything about Penthouse Magazine. I only knew about it because of that song. That's fair. I think I only know about it from like weird eighties and nineties movie references where characters would make jokes about writing the penthouse forum. I don't even know when they would've been doing that as far as like publishing articles that other people put in there. That's what that joke is for those that don't get it. But also at the same time people probably know that about right?


Yeah. People know things. We're Young, our references are. Yep. Yeah. What's up fellow youths? I just had my 12 year YouTube anniversary, which is kind of wild old, Old, old. I've only been doing it for four. You've been doing it longer than me. You bitch. I've been watching you since 2007. Yeah, that's not true. I've been watching you since the womb. No, no, no. That was that Wasm. That wasn't me. Mm. I don't even know who you are. Get outta my house. Yeah, we've been doing this a long time. We're old. No, What do you mean? We, I'm glad people liked that episode. I was a little bit worried that that went on too long but like I can't control the dice but I was like man this is a long bit, You know how you can control the dice is by not inviting them into our games in the future.


That's how you can control them. No, people love Dice. They love Random Chance. They love the wheels only you don't like them 'cause they never work out for you. Everyone and especially me loves Dice. You all love dice. Wait, roll One right now. Let's see what the odds are. What am I? What we, What am my roll at 20 or I hate dice. Let me guess. It's not a 20, It's a 17. Ah Bullshit. If I saw 20 I was gonna cheat and roll it to 20 but I didn't even see the 20 so I wasn't gonna try it. I respect that. I'm gonna give you a didn't cheat because Lazy Point. Oh Man, 1720 was right there. I just didn't see it 'cause it was facing away from me.


Nah, nah. Oh man. What are we doing? What are we doing? I Don't know. Everyone knows what we're doing. This is Distractible. I'm the host which means I'm the judge and you guys are trying to get points or less points. Maybe it's the golf score episode. I'd probably not. We're Getting more unhinged as this year goes on. We're finally getting unhinged. That's where this podcast is going. Up until this recently it's been very straight laced and and made sense completely. We're So hinged. Look at my hinge To be fair, I said more unhinged. That's why they call us the door of podcasts because we're hinged. Oh I think you said Dora and I was like 'cause knock or no knocking, But now we're the tornado of podcasts.


Hinges are long gone. The reference only we know. I Know that's literally reference. No like five other people in the entire world might remember God I can't believe that rant didn't make it onto something that didn't get dis corrupted For something that doesn't actually exist out there and only a reference to it. It is, it is right up there in media about that right up there with tribute. You know the song about the greatest song in the world. We have a tribute of the greatest bit in the world that no one else will ever hear. That was the original Bob's fridge. That was, yeah it really was. I Think I might have been angrier. It was a shorter burst of anger. So it was more concentrated than Bob's fridge was. I Don't remember what you were mad about but I remember it was really funny.


I Was just tired. We were just trying to give a post-show like interview for we, we were doing the behind the scenes and I was just fucking exhausted and everyone was just jerking around. My seat was uncomfortable 'cause usually we did those in like the green room or in our somewhere behind backstage or whatever. And that one was like, it was busy everywhere so we were like quick cramming the bus, we'll do it in the bus and I had, I just got a bad seat, just had a, just had a bad time. You know. I'm sorry man. I just always regret that there's not a video of that. Oh well no one will ever know how good it was or wasn't anyway. Excuse you. I was just, there was dust on it, there was a hair on it so I blew it off while I'm Putting it away. I thought you were about to then take that and slide it into the world's largest NES console Skunk.


I miss tech like that but it's Actually cake. Text the cake, It turns on. Mario starts playing and then you cut the TV and the NES into pieces of K like whoa, what the fuck? I bet I can get an AI to run into that video. Yeah, except it'll have like nine arms case. Don't even have arms. You take the Good with the bad hell Man. Sugar free red bullet. Not the same. It really Hits you right in the right in the area. Anyway, you guys got small talk. How you doing? How you been? How's it going? I Have a disaster. Oh go On. So you know on the last episode I was saying that my renter farm is working. I don't wanna ruin the illusion for people but you mean you mean like 40 minutes Ago?


Yeah, well Like you bragged about how your rent farm was working. Well I said it in there Because I knew that if I got into it it would be a longer thing. So I didn't want that to be part of it. It has not been going as good as I may have suggested it was going Boy. Oh that, oh no, Go on. This is an issue that me and there's, there's an IT guy that's helping me out with setting some of it up. He's doing more of the like the software side, getting things to actually arranged in that capacity. And so one of the persistent problems is a server that I bought which is a density, like a high density server.


It's four nodes in like a two unit thing. They're long but it's meant to cram as much process power into small pace as possible. The issue with that is not in me putting it together, it's not in the water cooling that I had set up because in the compact space you need water cooling or else it's gonna overheat. They're so crammed in there and so you need an external water cooling solution. All that works. But after all that work that I've put in and I've probably put in like a hundred, 200 hours into just setting up those parts of it with all the water cooling pieces in there, there's still a persistent performance problem. The chips themselves are fine, they come back and they all the checks come together. But what it's boiled down to is the specific server brand that it is has not put out an update to the chip set for those processors.


And that's just something that is I, I don't know if there's a way to just go directly to the intel makes the processors and go like, hey you got drivers give 'em to me. Or if it's something where you have to kinda like figure out a way to program it in yourself, you gotta get the chip chipset drivers from the manufacturer of the processor and then they integrate with the board and but there's a problem the longer you use them, the more the performance just starts to go and then EV eventually it locks up so bad you can't use it. How Long is this like if you do it for a couple days or is this like 10 minutes? 15 minutes is about the time it starts to, that's not long enough. That's not long enough to do. I was like Yeah well you could just reset it Every night. So I thought this would've resolved.


I've done like bios updates, I've done you know firmware updates. I've done every update that I can that is provided by the manufacturer of the server. The end result I think, and I'm in communication to like do a big return, is to do a different server platform. There's another company and I'm not naming any of 'em because I don't know if one works or not. Okay. ACEs servers I'm gonna say are the ones that are not working right now in this specific use case. They have worked in other things that I've done before a Seuss or whatever it's called. And so gigabyte makes an equivalent product that has also the Hyperdense four unit thing. But I have to undo all the water cooling. I literally have to unbuild everything I've built to pull it out of the computers box those back up, return these giant a hundred pound gigantic boxes and then get new ones in and rebuild all the bullshit all over again.


Which took me hour, days, Weeks. This sounds like the kind of server. I wouldn't leave a tip and I always leave a tip, Give him a point just I don't. Alright man. All right. All right. Mark said so Have you thought about talking to the server's manager? I'm the manager. That sucks though. That really sucks. It's a big pain in the ass because as far as I know, it should work. They read fine when they're working, the performance is exactly where it should be. All is lining up. It's not overheating. I even thought that it might've been one of the peripheral components in the server overheating. At one point I had a graphics card in there, a very small compact one. I took that out because I thought it was overheating.


Apparently it was not the problem either. And no other peripheral in there 'cause the fans are very loud. I do the water cooling also to try to quiet it down a bit. They're running it full bore and it's still just crashing. I think it's just because the chip set is not updated to run with those processors. There's some kind of paging file system memory system error that's building up over time that's causing like consecutive errors that run into each other and then eventually it freezes. Sounds A little a sucks. Nope, nope. No. I give myself one for whatever that's worth. Well anyway, so that's the latest. It's not all sunshine roses but half of the other Reinform is still working. It's just those hyperdense ones that are not working, which are the most recent edition and it's, it's something I can return.


It's just like that's hours I don't have, not devastating but it's unfortunate. Just means I gotta undo a lot of work and redo it. But it'll probably be fine if once you redo it it'll probably work then. Yeah, it probably will Maybe. But I do know that the gigabyte servers do have a late, a more recent BIOS update than a did a's last BIOS update is not only last year but it's like mid last year. Whereas gigabyte has a a bios update that you can apply to the server as of earlier this year, which is after the processor actually launched. So I know that the old bios is not, is not current as of the processor release date and these ones on the other server are so ideally that should work 'cause the processors are fine.


Probably Great small talk. Thanks for suffering. I believe in you buddy. Your agony has provided a lot of content over the years. Mark. Thank You. Can't wait to provide more whenever I get into 3D printing deeper because that's probably is my next hyper fixation and oh boy I can't wait for, I've already had problems with this one here And it works great and there's still been a lot of problems. I myself am also having tech problems and I'm not the tech guy. You guys are the tech guys. I really wanted to do a spit take with my Red Bull there but then I realized I would just be spraying it all over my monitor in And you could have some more tech problems Problem. You would've at least gotten a bonus point for that. Maybe You're right. I probably would've. But yeah I'll get, I'll make it up on the back half Guys, these monitors, they all three are on and they're working and only once a week do I have to turn my computer off, unplug everything for 20 minutes, plug it back in and turn it on for them all three to work.


It's Normal. Yeah, I don't understand. It's normal. I reached out to LG and I was like why is this happening to me? And they went through all these questions and they're like, do you have three of this model? Yep. And then blah they all work. Yep. They worked at the same time. Yep. These two will work together. Those two work together, these two will work together. But they don't. All three always work together. Yep. That's it. Wait a minute. Do you have enough power? I assume so. 'cause right now they're all three working But that's, that might be the thing. 'cause those monitors do require a lot of power. I know I think about this a lot because the power draw in my server is actually a big concern, which is why I overkill it. But even now with 200 fold 40 volt circuits and stuff like that, I have to be very cognizant of the power with three monitors and a high powered computer and a NASS And don't you have another Computer in There?


He Does. Oh yeah, there's two computers, four monitors, one with the other computer camera. This lights. That's A lot of power. Do you only have one circuit running to that room? I believe I have two. Are they plugged into the two? Do you know which plugs are the ones on the different ones? Well Lemme tell you, other computer and monitor chronology are all on one. Everything else is on the other except for the lights. Lights are kind of spread out. How big is the power supply on your computer? Is it 1600? They're An easy way to check without having to bend over and look at my computer because No, you kind of have to go look at it. It's yours is probably under into the shroud under the bottom of the case too if I had to guess. So you'd really have to probably have to look at the back of the thing.


I always get more power than I think I need. What's your graphics card? The 40 90? It's Probably a pretty beef power. It's probably 1600 Wa wat probably quite, quite large. Yeah. Yeah I don't get it man. The House circuit is only 1800 watts you can pull out of it. It can do more than you risk tripping the fuse, What Mark is saying is you should plug a couple if not all of your monitors into the other circuit on like an extension. I also have my computer plugged into like a battery backup. That definitely limits your power. That can only put out so much power. Do you have your monitors plugged into the UPS too? No, Just the computer itself. It's probably a straight pass through then it's probably still just so load on the whole circuit.


'cause those batteries usually are passed through until, unless they detect something. Yeah, so far I've had no issues with that. No I don't think, but I don't know man. I'm just tired of having to do that every single week because it's like a 20, 30 minute process and sometimes I don't have that kind of time. Also, I haven't found a way to stop the monitors from like going to sleep or turning themselves off. And sometimes the issue is if one of the monitors goes to sleep, it don't wake back up and that's when I have to unplug and redo everything. Mark might Be onto something. I might be onto something. Okay. Maybe it is power but lg, I went through all these questions with them. They didn't ask about power of all things. They were like, They probably assumed this guy's probably got the power necessary For it. Are they plugged into electricity check?


Yeah, well I talked to the person and they were like, this is more than I usually deal with. Lemme get my manager. So I talked to the manager and whoever else too and they were like, you know what you need to do, who makes your graphics card? And I was like, well it says Republic of Gamers so you know who that means? Mark's favorite company right now. And they were like, you should reach out to them, they can solve our monitors not working. And I was like okay The classic must be their problem. So I reached out and I actually never heard back from their tech support team Ever. The number one customer service solution followed closely there by the number two customer service solution of don't return that one. They're working, they're working right now. They work great when they work but man, once a week unplug everything.


Sit here fucking myself for 20 minutes, plug them back in. That middle part doesn't seem like it's necessary. I'll see you pass the time. That would also make sense why two does work. 'cause that probably means that two but not three of them tucks right under the power potentially. I don't know. Would the, would it pop the breaker though or would it just, would you just have like weird malfunctioning stuff because you'd be starving something for power? I don't know how that works with electricity. I Dunno Anyway, Mark's probably white mug. Probably white Wade What? Excuse me M's. Probably white. I knew it. You should plug your monitors in somewhere else. All right, I will try that.


The power's been mentioned. Have you ever happened to notice? Does it, does it happen when they're like, there's a lot of shit happening so the monitors might be operating at peak something? No, the first time it happened, I literally launched a game from Steam. I launched, I launched once Human and then one of 'em went off and never came back on after that. No it's, it's just literally I'll turn my computer on and then only two of the monitors will work. Or if the monitors go to sleep, shake my little mouse and then only two come back on and then I'll go into like Nvidia control or display and it's like only two monitors detected. Well there's a third one plugged in to identify. Nope, that doesn't exist. Sounds Like you might not have enough Power. This is unrelated to anything but I really want someone to make a a computer mouse that makes the noises that the rat from Rat Shaker makes every time you move it.


You could just have it in the background as you do anything in there. I can't believe you voiced that character without even telling us you were gonna be in the game. Mark. I thought a lot of people were like, this sounds just like you. I was like, that's Taha. I swore I he. He even dmd me afterwards. It was like, I thought it was, I thought it was me too and I forgot that I did something. You guys know who Akata is? I think so. That name sounds Familiar. He voiced pretty much everything. He voiced a lot of the team Four star stuff. He was cell, you know. Yeah, That's okay. That's what I thought. He's now a V YouTuber. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I watched, I watched the DBZ abridged with like the creator director's cut or whatever it was where they did comment there. Yeah, I, yeah talk. Yeah. Well good small talk everybody help Us Bob Help out.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings well you know, Rocket Money. It will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, We started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me there. This is Con Look. Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E-T-M-O-N-E y.com/d ISTA, CT IBLE Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible.


I have an episode. Mark, your last episode idea gave me another, a new episode idea. Bob's hyper fixation Kind of, this is really sort of, this is a hyper fixation but I wanna talk about this because I think it's weird and not in a judgmental way. 'cause you can like whatever you want and I certainly wouldn't begrudge anyone. I just think it's weird how much people are willing to spend on this Today. I want to talk about celebrity memorabilia. Lots of, I don't know about lots. Some people are willing to spend untold amounts of money on things like one of Lady Gaga's broken acrylic nails from her Born this Way tour and so on.


And like I get that people collect things and maybe you love a celebrity. Is there a celebrity for you guys where you're like, oh, if I just had like their autograph, oh that'd be cool. I'd love to have that. Is it, does this connect with you at all on any level? Not Really. I don't really look up to any celebrity at all or really ever have. There probably are some exceptions. Most of them are short. No stop. No, it's the opposite. It's the opposite. Stop. What the fuck was this? Sorry. I dunno that wait. It's real laugh finally happened.


It's just like pure Doctor evil now somehow it's less. No it's less now. That fucked My sinuses up though. Something is horribly wrong inside my head. Now You should get that deviated septum fixed. That's what you need to do. Ah, Surgery. Who needs it? Molly had that. She's in pain. I don't want that. Molly had that didn't fix nothing. This is not a thing that I particularly understand either. But like I said, collect what you wanna collect. Lots of people collect things that are not interesting to Me. Even Shakira man. It's like I wouldn't, what would I do with it? I remember there's like the weird Al eBay song where it's like shatner's old two pay I found on eBay. It's like why would you want, what do you do with that? I don't know. But what I do want to talk about more, particularly now that I know you guys are both experts on this topic, is I wanna play the game of the price is Right Dish on celebrity memorabilia that has sold.


But we're gonna do it. We're gonna do it as like a back and forth higher, lower. So someone gets to go first. I will tell you if it's higher or lower than that and we'll we will zero in and I don't know if we're gonna go all the way to the exact number. We're gonna zero in until I'm satisfied that we're in the ballpark enough. If We nail it like dead on, do we automatically win the episode? It's It's prices. It's double showcase rules. If you guess the exact price of a thing, you instantly win. I'll even say the episode is instantly over editors. If someone guesses the exact price the moment I look at the camera and go, that's correct. That's exactly black screen episode of Don't Wait for me to do anything.


Just mid-sentence, just yep and no Googling. This is one where these are such specific things. You could definitely find out the answers by Googling. That's fair. But here we go. In the year 2001, lucky in-Sync fan got the opportunity of a lifetime because they got to have an breakfast interview on a radio station live with Justin Timberlake. And the fan was taken even more by surprise when JT didn't eat his french toast and just left it on the plate. And they thought to themselves as any of us might, well I better take the French toast with me. They then sold that French toast at auction.


French toast. He didn't eat, didn't touch it was just Sat in front of him for an entire, I'm assuming not very long interview, he Breathed on it. This was, this was French toast that was in the presence of jt. It felt how back sexy was even before everyone else knew. That's Not even a collectable you could keep 'cause food. Okay, go on. How much did this french toast sell for at auction? How much was French toast in the year? 2000? Like 30 cents. I don't know. How much is a gallon of milk these days? $10. I have a guess. Marcos first $1,324 Lower.


Damn it. I you, Oh, I thought the episode was gonna end right there. I thought I had that guys. I was really honestly hoping it would but no lower. Lower, sorry. $87 and 50 cents Higher. No, Too high man. $284 Higher. $726 Higher. So I was close. You were very close, mark. Whoa, whoa. Yeah, that's why I cringed. There was a reason that I was like, Oh $1,221 lower. Okay, so I wasn't that close. I guess You were, you were fairly close for a blind guess.


$1,150 Lower 10 95, Lower 1006, Higher 1050 $4 and 79 cents Lower. Oh dammit. $1,040, 22 cents Lower 10 22 89 Higher. Fuck. Come on. 10 27 Lower 10 25, 10 25 Episode ends.


No, I don't think it counts after the, we can do the higher and low. I think it, it's, it's sort of the first guess is where that really, that was for French toast that you could keep for like a day and then you have to throw out. Anyway, that Doesn't make any sense. 19-year-old who apparently won the bidding war on the french toast said, congrats, I'll probably freeze riot and then seal it and keep it on my dresser. Again, not here to judge what other people might enjoy in their lives. I would not be interested in having that anywhere in my life. But I hope you enjoyed your thousand dollar french toast. You know the show, Hey Arnold, where Helga like would have Arnold's gum and she made like a shrine of gum that is less weird to me than the French toast.


And they ended up together after. Well those true love I think, isn't it? Didn't they? It's okay guys. This next one is, is something that, yes, it's memorabilia but also it's really useful. In 2008, Scarlet Johansson appeared on the Tonight Show and at some point during her time on the show, she needed to blow her nose after leaving behind some lipstick and also some nose boogers. She, she signed the tissue and sealed it in a bag and left it. Where'd it go? Oh, and took it with her. She claimed that Samuel L. Jackson had given her the cold, thus making the tissue even more valuable.


She'd go on to put it on eBay to sell it and donate the proceeds to charity. Oh, she did this, She did this. She signed it. There's a picture of her on the show. She signs it. She puts it in a bag on tv, takes it, put sells on eBay, donates to charity. How much money? It's Scarlet Johanssen slash Samuel l Jackson's germs get to donate to charity in 2008. Wade gets to go first on this one. All right. 2008. That was like the housing financial crisis. Money was tight. Scarlet Johanssen, charity ups, the value just 'cause people will be like, I'll spend more. 'cause it's for a good cause. The French toast was a thousand, they didn't even touch it. A tissue with her snot and lipstick and Samuel Jackson disease.


That's gotta be like $8,734. Ooh. Lower financial crisis. Financial crisis In 2008. So I'm thinking like she wasn't the first Iron Man. I believe That was like the second one, wasn't it? Where she fights happy at the, in the intro of the whole thing. That's the, that's the start of the second one where the shield guys are, are trying To, because she wasn't even MCU Yet. Okay. So yeah, but she was in several movies, So I mean she was already famous. She, the MCU didn't make Scarlet Johansson. I don't think I'm gonna go with My previous guest. $1,384. I love that. Guess higher. Damn. $4,222. Bad guess. Higher bad. Guess Why that Bad?


Terrible guess. Terrible guess. Yeah. Probably higher. 'cause some bodily fluids are involved. You Could clone Scarlet Johansson probably from that tissue. If you, if you could $6,712. Terrible. Guess lower. 59. 49. Lower 54 49. Lower 52 50 higher 53 50. Lower 53. Is that it? No, 53 0 1. Oh man. Slower than that. 53. Yeah. No, that's fucking me. It's $5,300. Yeah, I win.


He would never damnit What the fuck This is bullshit. I Was honestly, I was going to give that back to you, but even you seem to have conceded that Mark, mark took that one unfair and square from you. Fine. I was busy trying to figure out what movies she was known for before 2008. Did You figure it out? I mean, she was in like The Prestige. She was in Home alone three 2007. She was in a drama with Chris Evans. She was in Home Alone. Three, I don't, I Don't remember. Home Alone three very much. So I don't know what that That was the one, that first one without McCulley. Culkin, yeah, That was, that was I think the first one without him. And that was the house and the, oh, I don't remember the stu the story, but I remember like the setting in the house and the, and the kid had to like, was really into remote control cars or something and had a car with like a camera on it that he was driving around.


I think She played his older sister in that movie. Molly Pruitt. Oh my God. I still don't remember her as being in that movie, but she must have been like really young. I dunno. Anyway, I like, I like that movie. Alright guys, you'll definitely know this next one, it's, it was very public. John Oliver on his show last week tonight. Famous for buying funny shit with HBO's money. 'cause he's, he's a funny guy at Russell Crow's Art of Divorce Auction, I guess was an auction where they were selling off things to pay for a divorce. He was going through, it's unclear, it's not explained in this, but the total, the Art of Divorce auction netted $3.7 million in sales.


But from this auction, John Oliver bought the jock strap that Russell Crow wore while filming the movie Gladiator. Oh, Oliver is quoted as saying it's a big price to pay just to find out what Russell Crow's balls smelled like in 2005. And apparently he, I don't know if he did, but he, It was the end of the quote. Yeah, this is a big price to pay for. Yeah. Anyway, apparently they donated it to a struggling video store in Alaska as like a, now they have like an attraction. So people go to the store and help support the business. But anyway, Russell Crowe's jockstrap from Gladiator. It's a big price to pay. John Oliver said big price.


Marco's first, One of the most famous movies of all time. Just had a sequel maybe come out. Did it come out? Has It come out? Yeah. Like this, this past weekend I think. Yeah. I mean recently, maybe or in the future. We don't know when The news jockstrap, he probably would've worn it multiple times. It really soaked in there. But 2005, it doesn't get better with age. Or to some people probably, I'm guessing this was resold because someone was like, oh, I gotta get rid of this thing. It's getting ripe. So I'm gonna guess 2,385 Higher, $15,125. Oh man. Gosh. Well bold guess it is lower than that. I wish it was $15,000. I'm not gonna Lie.


Gladiator's such a big film, 5,000 even higher, 8,750, lower $6,819 Higher, 8,250, higher $8,437 higher, 8,500 higher. $8,529 Higher. Come on man. 8,600 lower $8,575. Lower 8,000. What number we 650? Five 50. That's five 50. Oh, You can't change it. It's lower than 86 50. I'm gonna go ahead and say that's your guess.


What the fuck? Fine. It's lower than 85 50 85 40. Ding ding, ding. This is Bullshit. Well, you gotta roll wrong with either guest. I just think this price is bullshit. You're the one who pressured me to give Mark the tighter clue. It's your bad. Dammit. Protesting. Why are You listening to Me? Man? I, one of you really cares about celebrity memorabilia and one of you really is unbothered, which One? I don't know who's Who. We look at Mark's background and we see the chalks strap on the, This this en VME drive. I've been twiddling. It was up Samuel Jackson's behind. Oh, it's like Christopher walking in the pocket watch. Got that in his ass. I want to go weirder.


Oh, Weirder. Okay. Oh, This one's interesting. This one's interesting because it has a, it has a twist that impacts the value of it. Okay, I almost done. You All Right, I have an anecdote. Okay. Anecdote break. So this is just a random thing that I don't know why I was reminded when you said weirder. I remembered something I witnessed the other day. Amy and I were in a restaurant and we were, it was, it was quiet. There weren't that many people in there. And someone came in and asked for a glass of water and then was looking around and watching the sushi chefs make, it was a sushi place. And outta the corner, my, I'm not paying him much mind, but I noticed something fell on the floor of my peripheral. I look over and this man is now walking very quickly out, out the door.


And I look on the floor and there's a used condom on the floor and my brain processed that this man, as for a glass of water, walked over to wash the sushi chefs and then a used condom fell out of his pant leg on the floor. That Man was celebrity And I, I Backed it up and sold it on auction for 7,200. Anyway, I don't know, it just reminded me of that. If a used condom fell out of Justin Timberlake's pant leg, it would've sold for so much at auction. Oh my God. God. It was Sold for, you could guarantee it. Even Russell Crow's pant leg. I mean 2005 Russell Crow. He was pretty, he was hun he was hunky, right? Yeah. Forget game or girl bathwater. You'd have singer boy jizz rubber.


I just don't get why you ran away because the kind of person who wear a used condom might just fall outta your pants because you didn't even realize that had happened. He, he should have just owned it and been like, eh. Happens a lot, eh? Well, happens a lot all the time. Like a condom falls outta your pants and you're like, oh no, they're gonna know I have a lot of sex. Eh? Like that's a weird mix of reaction with the consequence with reaction I guess. Yeah. I wear so many of these. This happens all the time. It's like A fucking run. Why did he dispose of it after? He just Like, it was raining outside before it runs away like a muppet. So I didn't know what to do because it's like, do I tell an employee? Are they gonna think it's my condom? So, but They could think it's my condom.


Honestly, it's not mine. I swear I, this dude was in ear and I heard a plop and I looked over and there was a condom on the ground. I'm not saying who it was. I hope someone saw you looking down at the ground at the condom and just like staring at it and they're like, mark a ply. Just leave a condom on the ground And didn't say anything. I'm gonna sell that on eBay. Thankfully. Well, not thankfully for the wait step, but one of the wait steps came over around the corner, looked down before they stepped on it or anything, went like, oh wow. And then when to get a broom in dustbin. Is that a Trojan Magnum? Oh Wow. Oh wow. Is it my lucky day?


I did one of these for later. I was just thinking, I don't know if I can afford one of these and dinner. It's Barely used. It would throw away a perfectly good condom. That's the eBay market. Like for lightly used Condos, Great conditions, proof that it's sealed. They just hold it up. It's not dripping. I see. I, you know, I don't, I'm sorry I distracted this. Let's get back to the, let's get back to Good story Mark. Good story. Anyway. Joan Rivers famous to like celebrity personality hosts things on tv, you know, you know Joan River, she's always on the red carpet interviewing people. You know, she's very, she's like a famous celebrity personality type person.


She has a dog or had a dog at one point. Anyway, I was gonna Say, didn't she pass away like 10 years ago? Possibly. I don't actually, I don't know her. Follow her. So if she did, this isn't funny. So it's not ruining her memory. It's about her dog. She had a dog named Spike. It's a terrier. This dog lived a charmed life and had a bespoke Tiffany's dog bowl. Tiffany's is that very famous like jewelry brand. It's known for their known for their diamonds. Is that white blue, the Tiffany blue thing? It's a, it's like a high end. If you get a Tiffany's box, you got some fancy shit in there. Spikes Tiffany Bespoke dog bowl, apparently sold at auction for almost 30 times.


Its estimated worth just for its Tiffany ness. How much did itself? Wade goes first. Yeah, Wade goes first. Oh good, okay. Tiffany's is expensive 30 times And 30 times that value. I don't know what this dog bowl looked like. If there were any like gems in it or if it was just the ceramic. I'm gonna get throw a hint out and say, I hope there were some gems or diamonds or something in it. Let's Go $15,000. Ooh, I'm going cheap. It is lower than that. Cheap. It's a dog bowl. Yeah, but 30 times it's value. If it was, how Much are your dog bowls? I don't get 'em from Tiffany's where you spend a minimum of $500. I don't force my dogs to drink out of anything that costs less than 20 racks.


I think assuming it was $500 was a fair assumption. You you'd think that Bob was playing that up too much. Come on Wade, it's a dog bowl. Celebrity Tiffany's 30 times value. I was like, okay, if it's got gyms in it, it's the big bowl. He was leading you to the water. You didn't Drink. I basically told you the answer. A $500 dog bowl from epiphanies is not that absurd of a thought. All right. It's, it's a lower 5,995. No, it's higher you. That's a funny number Mark. That was the funniest number you said yet I think. Thank you Mitch. $6,750 higher.


8,220. Higher 10,000. 11,000 or one. That's 11,000. 12,000 and 13,000 Thousand 150. I dunno. Higher. Why is 15,000 such a crazy number? We're in the ballpark now. I don't know, maybe I'm just reacting randomly to throw you off the cent. $14,000. Wow. Mark's really kicking your ass today. It's 14. Sold for 14,000. Somebody Was super close to it As you I know. Yeah. Weird. Weird how that works, isn't it? This is some bullshit.


I want my ink. I was just trucking 14 even to get close. I didn't know that was it. Wow. I'm the guy in Oregon Trail who cocks his wagon and floats and dies watching everyone else caulk their wagons and succeed. Get better cock. I can't, I can't afford the toilet to handle it. Well this next one involves multiple famous people, so that'll make it easier. Kim Kardashian bought this, Oh at least a million for One of her children Northwest, I don't know if West is still their last name, but one of her child north named north for Christmas. This child was six years old, so obviously this was the absolutely perfect gift for a 6-year-old. It was an outfit worn by Michael Jackson.


It was a jacket with a lot of fancy embroidery on it and I don't know if it's all together, but sitting around it, there was a white glove and also the iconic sort of white hat, the smooth criminal hat that still has a little bit of stage makeup on it. 'cause it was actually worn. I was Thinking Jackson five so the kid could at least wear the outfit. This is an adult Michael Jackson outfit. This is like one of Michael Jackson's like iconic god of pop music. Like during his peak outfits. I'm sure you, you can imagine he had lots of very nice tailored embroidered jackets and, and elaborate, you know, stage outfits and things. This is one of those, it's a very fancy worn in an actual performance possibly multiple times.


Perfect gift for a 6-year-old for Christmas. Anyway. How much did this sell for? My guess Marco's first. Yeah, $60,000 Higher. What? I thought you were about to end it right there. So that was a, that was a powerful guess, but it is higher. $69,000. Lower 60,995. Higher 63,000. Higher 66,000, Lower 64,500. Really Dancing all around it.


It's higher than that. 65,000. There you go. I dunno if you've done this. These, I dunno if you guys are picking up yet. These are all like mostly even ish numbers that we're coming across here. No, No. One of 'em is not gonna be. We're gonna keep doing our thing. I don't think I've gotten a single one of these. This is my coin. Flip You. You have not gotten a single one of these. Oh no, don't call it a comeback, baby. I'm coming back. I'm still mad about the dog bowl. Guess I was so close. I know. I really screwed you on that one. It sure did, but it's fine. Your game, man. This might be the last one because we're coming up on time here. But this is one that I know we know about, especially Wade knows about this. This mask was worn when Darth Vader revealed to Luke that he was in fact his father.


This is the mask that was captured on film during that iconic scene, during that classic franchise. The mask is made of fiberglass and foam. It is an actual movie prop. So it's not made out of anything super nice. It's serves its purpose. It looks like Darth Vader 'cause it is the mask that is Darth Vader. It sold for a little bit more than double what they thought it was gonna go for at auction. That's a completely unhelpful hint. What Year was it? Auctioned? I don't even know if I have that information Because that's gonna affect the price a lot too. 'cause that it was auctioned in 1980 versus 2020 or something. Oh, 2019. There we go. Okay. Recent, very recent.


Very recent. 2019. Was that before or after the trilogy kind of flopped? It's Kind of in the middle of it isn't it? Didn't like, didn't the first one of the new trilogy come out in like, well, I don't, wasn't that 2018? 2017? I, time is weird, man. I don't remember what years they all came out. I don't know. I don't know. All right, so anyway, they, how much more did it go for? It went for a little bit more than twice as much as they thought it was going to go for $20,000 Higher. Oh, apparently the Force Awakens came out in 2015. The last Jedi came out in 2017 and the rise of Skywalker came out at the end of 2019. So this sold, this was in the middle of it in leading up to the release of the third movie in the new trilogy.


I'm gonna guess because all these have been increasing. Oh, mark seeing patterns $117,000 Higher. Fuck, $150,000 higher. 265,000 Higher. Fuck. $500,000 Higher. $1,800,000 lower. But what if it was higher? Wouldn't that be funny? $1.5 million Lower, $1.15 million Lower, $1 million. God, I wish It was, but it's really not.


It's lower than that. 845,000 higher $850,000 higher. $915,000 lower $900,000 lower 875,000 Higher. $880,000 Higher. 8 95 Lower 8 85. Hey Wade, go one. Alright, I love the board. How many more of these we got? Let's go. Power, power, thirst. Power, thirst, Power. Thirst. Speed. Speed. Paring. What the fuck am I trying to say? Keep going. You got it. Higher, lower. I don't wanna play anymore. There's no way I can even rig this to help you out, Wade.


I'm not gonna sugarcoat it. Excellent Wade. I will give you three guesses and if you get this on any of the three guesses, I'll give you three points on first. Guess two points on second guess one point on third guess. Excellent. I think I'm only down by one, so that's good, Eh ish. Michael Jordan basketball superstar wore these Nike airships during the regular season of his rookie year in 1984 and then signed them. He gifted these autographed shoes to a Denver Nuggets ball boy after a game when he felt like he was done using 'em. He needed a new pair, he signed them and he just gave 'em to one of the ball boys on the court as he was making his way back in the locker room or whatever.


And I don't know if the ball boy kept them until this sale, but most recently they sold ad auction. Signed Michael Jordan, rookie air shapes. How much did they sell Forecast number one. I was trying to trick you to telling me It might've worked. $2 million Lower. $650,000 higher. One and a half million dollars. Oh, $1.5 million on guest number three earns you one point. That's Right Mark. I'm not an ordinary contestant. Wade knows about Darth Vader and basketball and Mark knows about literally everything else. That's what we're gonna call it on the points. The person whose name I read first, I'm not gonna tell you, maybe you win, maybe you lose.


Don't read into it. Wade, your name is First you earned points for didn't cheap 'cause, lazy, then it's cake. Give him a point. 'cause Mark gave you one. Wade's real laugh came out cheap. Dog Bowl scoff, Darth Vader mask and Air Jordans. That's Like 30 Points. Mark. You earned points for old, old, Old. You know the render farm. Do you have enough power? Adjusted Timberlake, French toast, Scarlett Johansson's, gross tissue, Russell Crow balls. Mark's used condom portion's going thousand dollars. Oh, what did I write? $44,000 bowl probably. And Michael Jackson's outfit. You literally got six of those correct to Wade's two.


But he got two important ones, correct. Just 'cause they're more important. But Dollar Mountain on me, I'm having a stroke. Oh, gimme the win. All right, mark earned some bonus stroke points probably. Wade, you are the total seven points for all of that. And Mark, you earned a total of eight points. Oh damn. Your stroke that gave you the win. Oh, that stopped Bob to spin the wheel of pain Probably. No, I didn't. I didn't even give him the bonus stroke point. Honestly, you needed to get the Michael Jordan sneakers guess on the first try to have a chance at winning. You were three or two points down when you took that challenge. Honestly, I surprise. I was that close. You did get it in three guesses, which was pretty good, which did earn you a point, but that was not enough as the loser.


Wade, please give us a loser speech. Look, I think this episode is proof in the pudding that I don't really collect much. I don't care about celebrities, including if you count us, You don't care about Me. We're just all normal people and no one needs to buy weird stuff that we might leave behind. That being said, I've got some old cutlery that I've been using for years. Might be on eBay soon and you should definitely buy it for lots of money. That'll probably work. I just wanna throw this out there. I totally forgot I had another webpage open. I was gonna have you guys guess how much three sections of Corporal light, which is fossilized. Dinosaur poop is, is worth. But that's, we didn't get to that. So maybe next time we'll talk about dinosaur poop.


Anyway, mark winner speech. I've realized now that if I start sneezing into tissues and selling them at rapid pace, I can make far more money than I ever did making YouTube videos or even this podcast. So I'm officially announcing my retirement and my retirement to eBay's sneeze department. So I look forward to a lot of me and a lot of tissues. That Sounds, that's don't be weirded out. If you invite Bob and I over and we go through your trash and wardrobe. Ah, he doesn't have anything in there, so I think that's pretty much useless. Why do I want his one pair of pants that's full of holes? Yeah, It is really that. I was about to say it is. I do not have pants. Those will sell for so much. Mark.


People want your holy pants. Well, These are mark's only pants. He's just naked now. Yeah. Anyway, congratulations, mark, you did really well. I feel like that was very fair. You both had a lot of knowledge on the subject and I'm really proud of myself for coming up with such a good idea that everyone loves so much. That's the end of the episode. Make sure you check us out on our socials Merc Ply Lord. Meeting 7, 7 7 Meer. We have merch distractable store.com. It's out there. And until next time, you know the thing. The what do we say? Oh right. Podcast out Luci Bies.