
This episode is brought to you by bloomberg.com. It's important to get the full story. You know, I once thought that pigs couldn't eat while they were hanging upside down. Eventually I found a study where they figured out that pigs can eat while they're hanging upside down. I was just wrong. It's important to get the full story. It's important to know what you're talking about. Bloomberg.com does an excellent job in helping you get all the details. They connect the dots in a unique way, giving people a deeper, richer level of understanding when it comes to current events. Context changes everything. Learn more@bloomberg.com.


This episode is brought to you by Power Wash Simulator. New stuff coming to Power Wash Simulator. Mark plays it a lot, almost For a living now. What new characters Wade Wallace and Grommet. Oh, they have a whole new pack of town. I remember watching those movies. Where Do you fall on the Matic? Wade Pro or, or against? Oh, I've always been more of a sower. I think that's acceptable. The Wallace and Grommet special pack for Power Wash Simul is available now on Steam windows. Xbox One. Xbox XRS, Nintendo Switch. PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Ready D for everyone.


This episode is brought to you by Mintos Gum. Keep things fresh. It's important, right? And I'm not just talking about fresh breath. It's important to switch up your routine whenever you can. I just, I'm the person who can't help but chew. You put up an A Mint in your mouth, you're supposed to suck on it. I'm like swallow, so I kind of need gum. You turn into a cartoon dog. I'm sorry. The time we hang out, I'm giving you a Mint just to see what happens. And of course, another way to refresh every day is with Mintos gum available in a range of fresh flavors, like experiment, fresh min and strawberry Mintos Gum. Yes to Fresh,


Good evening gentle listeners and watchers, and welcome to Distractible. This episode well received, Wade loses pet access. Burns. The bangles then asks for opinions. Multicultural. Mark invokes pretty privilege with Prusa. Sam's evil Echoes are spelunking and enjoys Bambi blasting barely. Barb clamps for carpentry gives great tie-ins, explains organized sports and heckles headgear from irritating lube to crap concepts. Ha, it's time for The Best, The Worst.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's hostess with the mostest. Wade. Jordan's always been my co-hosts with the mostest, but slightly lesses. Most. Most ies is what? It's the plural hostesses with the most. Ses. Okay. I think, yeah, I think he's right. Mark. Bob. Hi Bob. Ey. Mark Ey. How are your sies today? Oh, Why are you asking about our sies? Because I'm perverted. That's messed up. Yeah, that's true. I actually have, I have a prop that applies directly to that for some reason.


Look what I found in my basement. Wow. Generic lube. It's literally, I, I think I know what it's from, but when I found it I was like, what in the shit? Yeah, it's just a white tube that just says lube on it. It's from Quaker steak. Oh, is it like a hot sauce in there? You put it on your food. I wish it does say the, the back does have language on it that says caution may cause skin irritation if it touches you wash it. I don't think it's that kind of lube that Seems like the wrong kinda lube. I think it's like, like lubricant for machinery. We had, we have a new workout machine that we got in the basement and it's an elliptical and I think this is like lube to put on the slidey parts 'cause it's slidey slides.


But it's really fucking weird that it's just a nondescript white tube that says lube on it. They would've put more labeling on the front, but they couldn't afford those letters. Lubrication is a complicated word. Don't wanna print that on stuff if you don't have to. I guess. Or machine lube. Thick lube cousin Lube. What was that last one? What was that last one? What was the last one? Huh? Oh, a hinge like for your door. Third One. Third one. What was the third One? Door hinge. You didn't say cousin Lube. What? That's messed up. All right. Okay. I was just saying you are perverted, but I wasn't sure. That one's not lube before cousin. That's cousin named Lube Or that famous place in Europe. The lube Or that place where we're all fam the lube.


Come on Mark. Get in on this. This is a good one. I Don't have one nod on. This is a good bit. Mark Flub. A place where you let me in there. The boob. Isn't that the place where babies are or babies come from or something? What was that bit where Babies come from the boob. Yeah, they come from the boob. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, you're right. Let me in there. I'm a baby. That's where I go. Yeah, everyone's gonna know that reference. Let's not explain it. Continue win. No, I think it's time for small talk. I think we're already basically there. So what's new? How's life? I Love Prosa. I 1000% just randomly for no other reason.


And team Prusa all the way. Baby Got that email coming through. Huh? What? No. What? Yeah, Prusa it's company. For some reason I Thought Prusa was like a weird prune juice, but I think it's the company that does the, it's just, I pictured like a cane of like Proa, like It's a prune juice company. Started by a very enthusiastic southern preacher. Proa Proa prune juice for your soul. So I am a hundred percent team prusa all the way for no other reason. I love them. I love them. I love them. What'd they send you? FTC. Just so we're clear. I think Mark might have got a couple 3D printers. Oh, What? How's it going with the printers?


They work good. You like It was really good. I had an email exchange with them. For those who don't know, appreciate the 3D printing company. Super getting into it. This YouTuber privilege is coming in hot and hard. I, I emailed them and they were like, oh, we're a big fan. We'll send you a printer. I was like, oh that's great. Cool. So they sent me a printer and that's not unusual. They send me a printer And it works really well. If anything, I think it's actually legitimately better than the bamboo lab. You don't have any of the privacy issues. I also 3D printed an upgrade to it right after I, I got it. Ooh, That's The Best move. It was a 3D printed dry box for the filament spool holder, which is in embedded in the side. Nice. Really cool. And so I was like, hey, maybe there's a bigger long-term relationship.


And then, then I was like, you know, maybe we could work something out. They're like, we're gonna send you six printers, two extra large printers, two of our professional line printers. And then when it comes out, another printer and then all the filament you could possibly want. And this is for Distractible, right? Hmm? Did you It'll be, do you tell 'em it'll be on the show They send if They Oh it goes on shelves. Yeah, it goes on shelves. He's Only gonna get six of a bob. How's he supposed to share? I'll just buy one like a normie. It's fine. PRSA was very nice actually. And, and I like, this is not me. You know, even By market player standards, which people, when they find out like, oh you're a market player, oh they'll often get really hyped up and be like, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Use our thing. What? That's, they sounds like they really got the hots for you. He's got a box of firstborn children that people have thrown at him Just sitting in storage. You know, Their printers are really good. They're known for their reliability and I gotta say that thing, the new one that they got, the car one is really good and it's about the same price as the bamboo lab that it's competing against. So I'm like thumbs up all the way. That being said, I haven't tested out any of the other ones. They might be, yeah, in pieces of shit for all I know, but I doubt it 'cause it's Proa ita. What if they are, what a funny gag that would be. They make one really good one and that's the one where they're like, oh send this to all the YouTubers and stuff. Like get people to talk about this one. And the rest of them are just like Chinese re badges of knockoff crap.


Like ha ha. Gotcha. The one of 'em that I'm excited about is the Excel, like the super large because it has interchangeable tool heads. So instead of like with the bamboo lab, you have four filament spools in your thing, but they all go through one tube. So it's to cut 'em off and then pull it all the way back or, and then expel the filament that was in there before and then feed in a whole new line with the Excel. It just goes up docks the tool head that had the filament that it was in it and Retracts goes to grab the other one then prints with that one. So there's very, it's really cool. Way faster allows you to do more like impressive stuff with it. So I'm very excited about that one also. It's very big. So really, really big. You know, what's the print volume on that thing?


You know, what Is a print volume on that? I haven't gotten it yet. So where are you gonna Store these things? Are you getting rid of the servers? Are you a Oh you know, just convert another bathroom. I realize if I just hold it, I don't actually need to use the bathroom so I can convert all the bathrooms into additional 3D printing space. You can Just print a toilet when you need one. Crusa XL build volume is about 14 inches cubed. Oh cool. Yeah. Bamboo lab is like 256 millimeters cubed. Which is, I think this is like parameters are about a third bigger. But the volume increases cubicle by, Yeah, it's 36 centimeters cube. So what is that 360 millimeters cubed? Is that how that works?


I don't know Europe numbers. So to us normal people out there, mark got printers. I got printers and hey, if you're gonna get printers out there, why not consider Aza One of us is sponsored for this kind of, basically That's fun. I think this is the legal gray area because they didn't ask for a contract. You know, they give me a lot of shit for free. Where's the legality in that? 'cause I don't often get sponsors ever. I did a Shopify ad just recently and it's some of The Best response I've ever seen. Yeah, I tuned into that video 'cause that was like on headliners or something, right? And I was like, man what do people thought of Mark's gameplay? I looked at the comments And it was all like Shopify, what an ad mark.


And I was like, what about the game? The game I was a part of. When people think of it, they like the game. Yeah, whatever. Oh Mark your Shopify is like the entire comments. I was just like, is this a paid like audience? It was a very funny, a Alexian did a great job editing it. He, he really did. I think every single member of your community is a bot and all those comments were fake. That's a lot of bots. You were like, I need this. I need to be able to do my own ads again the way I want. Lian buy me bots, You know in mass effect when you got the death and they're like a collective machine consciousness. That's Lian. He's the collective G of, I mean he is everywhere. He is. He's over here too.


He's everywhere. Yeah. I still feel bad for thinking that upside down. Lian was like a, I don't remember what I thought he was on your Something, Something Weird mountain or something. No Dick. I think it was a dick Bob. What's new with you Guys? My woodworking journey has begun. Yeah, that's right. I immediately started making mistakes, but it's okay 'cause I got wood glue and clamps. You're gonna need more clamps. I already bought more clamps twice. If You got clamps in lube, you're already two thirds of the way to fun times Is however many clamps you have. It's not enough. No. I only own six clamps and I need about 20 to do what I wanna do.


And then you need another size of clamps that's even bigger and then you need a 30 more of a different size. Well and you need, you need some calls so you could do flat glue ups and keep 'em nice and nice and trued up and you need some, you some good parallel clamp. I'm gonna need corner clamps. I found a, a local woodworking company that makes like hardwood, custom hardwood furniture. And they just have like a room full of off cuts of pretty nice like random sized hardwood just, and they're like, yeah, just like whatever, like five bucks. Take that hunk of whatever we got, you know, like maple And it had some mahogany, which is pretty cool. And like they, they just have a bunch of stuff. So yeah, I'm gonna, I'm I'm gonna do it.


I'm like make a cutting board or something. Hell yeah. But also I'm gonna build, the thing I'm really hype on right now is I'm gonna build James a train table. Did you guys ever have one of those when you were a kid? No. No. It's just a table. But it's like you put, you know the wooden train tracks and you drive the train. It's like that kind of thing. But this one's gonna, are you gonna print The tracks? No, I already have the tracks. 'cause we got 'em from a secondhand shop for like super cheap. But this one's gonna have multiple levels and one level's gonna have like Lego board affixed to it. But then you take that off and there's gonna be a lower level that'll be like train land. It's gonna be fun. I'm hype about it. I, I've got a really simple plan that uses mostly dimensional lumber and it's not very professional woodworking but I'm not a very professional woodworker so I'm pretty hype about it.


I might even throw in some half flap joints if I'm feeling crazy. Flapjack joints sound cool. I talked to you guys about this but since I set this up in the last episode, Lexi's, okay, Lexi had her surgery. She, she survived the surgery. She's having some reaction which is causing an insane amount of swelling and bruising and the doctor is not super happy about but she's feeling better the last day or two. She's starting to feel better. So sorry I was all depressed and worried about Lexi in I think it was the last episode. But it's okay. She's okay. That's okay. It's perfectly understandable. We're all pet owners here. We all get it. But if you Could wrap up the sadness that would be great for our ratings, our viewers and don't really like that.


Yeah, we've, we've hit the two episode threshold. We can't talk about any topic for more than two episodes. Like lenses or 3D printing or server? No, the very different I was, I was talking about Bamboo lab before. This is Prso. Oh okay. So you can talk about SMEC Steve, but no more Lexi. Wish I'd picked a different rhyme. It's All right. I was just taking so aback by your weird, inappropriate nickname for our dog that I don't think you should see Lexi in person anymore. No, Come on, I, when you come over She goes upstairs and we keep you guys separate.


Nothing new in the world of news. If you're looking for that. I was, I was really hoping that you had literally anything. God, I don't want to hear anything about the news right now. I listen to it every day but I don't know if I can handle anymore. I can tell you something that will be outdated by the time this airs but is relevant right now. NFL free agencies happening and boy oh boy, is it still awful being a Bengals fan at the moment? Hopefully that changes. We lose everybody yet or how's that working out? No but man we certainly haven't gained anything. I feel like the past two years throughout free agency have been like, man really feels like the team's getting worse and everyone in the fan base is like, no this is great. Great move. This is gonna be great. We're gonna be so good.


And my feeling is just like, man, some key pieces leaving some question marks coming in. I don't know, I don't feel like that's an upgrade. So my support and love of my team is at an all time, well medium. Listen, who needs offensive or defensive linemen When you have a quarterback and two receivers, That's, if I know anything about football, that is all you need. I'm pretty sure that's the entire team. Basically everyone else is just show just fluff. That's what's been relevant in my life. The last 24 plus hours is just doom scrolling. Like anything cool anyone, you guys were so close to winning, we just need a few pieces. Could you sign anyone? And they're like, no.


I think it'd be quite the move if a team who was like not particularly good but maybe could make a bunch of cap space just bought Burrow and Chase and Higgins or one of those two and just brought them in and was like, we're good now. See like that would be terrible for the Bengals. But it would be fun because then everyone would get to see who else on the Bengals does things. I Don't know man, Cleveland's a mess. I guess I can't rule them out. But like the Bengals were so close to winning a Super Bowl and they've just destroyed their team since. The only team I could think of that seems to actively be like just avoiding winning more is maybe the NBA team, the Dallas Mavericks.


Okay, how, again, I'm amateur in in my knowledge of football, but if you have a team that almost won the Super Bowl, why would you change anything? Because it's just, it just sounds like you just need to take the same that you had and do it again Somehow. It seems like we have a broke billionaire owner. The thing is money I am, I am also not an expert but I will say the thing is money, right? It's expensive to keep good players. And also Borough Chase and t Higgins have all proven that they're like S class top tier players. Which means that even if they are under contract with tsi, there's a big potential that someone else would be like, here's an even more hilariously large pile of money if you come play with us.


And they'll get bought outta their contract or just break their contract or whatever. Like I don't know the specifics, but basically it costs a lot and for some reason our owner is too cheap to want to win a Super Bowl or there's also like a salary cap. I have no specific knowledge of how that works or where it stands, but however There was more space than that than they expected. This year it went up a lot more. We had like a top five offense last year and like a bottom five defense, one of our like maybe three solid to great defensive players was like, Hey, I'm also due for a payday. And we were like, well we do need help on the defense. So what if we trade you Because winning is for idiots. Hey, I know this isn't a sports podcast, but I have funny sports news.


I couldn't tell if this was real for a long time, but it's really fucking funny. The MLB is in spring training right now. So they're starting to play baseball, major League baseball to the viewers out there And they released like a new like every, they released new apparel like all the time, right? And they released a new series of hats where it's like generally it's like the team logo really big and then like the letter of the city or the state that they're from in the middle just as like a general design, which sure, but it made some hilarious hats because like the, the Texas logo, the Texas Rangers logo is just the word Texas is what they went with.


But then they put a big T in the middle of it. And so it's just a hat that says T toss because they literally just put a T over a word that had a different letter in that spot. So there was a te toss Rangers hat and also the, the athletics moved, right? Previously it was the Oakland Athletics. I don't know anything about it, but they, they moved, the end of the last season was their last season in Oakland. Apparently they've moved to a new city with with an S in it. I'm unclear. Anyway, they released a hat that literally just says ass because their team logo is the ass, right? So it's like apostrophe S and the hat is as S in the background as S in the foreground shifted to the left And it just says ass.


It's just a green hat that says ass on it in the athletics font. And it's real. I thought it was a joke. It's legitimately an ass hat that it Just says ass. Another one I really like is the, the Los Angeles Angels. Their hat just said angels on it, but it didn't have like la 'cause that's the Dodgers. The Angels small logo is just the letter A. So the hat just says Anals or Anals or something. But like it's What a well thought out campaign. Whoever designed these hats is fucking hilarious because I think they knew what they were doing.


Their bosses might not have known what they were doing or whoever hired, you know, contracted them, but they knew what they were doing and it's fucking awesome and they're all sold out. 'cause I would've bought an ass hat immediately, no questions asked. You can't buy any of these. They're already sold out. Some of them are already taken off the internet completely can't buy 'em anywhere. I wish I had seen this sooner 'cause I would've bought possibly two or three of these ads. I have been in the meetings of things that go like this, like hours and hours of conversation about an unimportant detail that sits in the very corner of whatever it is that they're trying to make. And no one cares about what's in the middle.


It's like we need this one little disclaimer or oh this trademark symbol needs, oh it's gotta be perfect. And like they gotta have all this text over here, Just a little bit over her Whole logo. No one's paying attention to it, the whole meeting. No one cares. Yeah, I mean I'm not a huge baseball fan but I, I generally root for the reds, but I'm, I'm thinking hard about rooting for the te toss, The titties and the ass anals man. It's hard not to root for 'em. The te toss Rangers my favorite team. Also te toss in Spanish means tits. Unless you said that Already. I didn't but I did know that. That's why it's funny. T is pronounced a is it Te Toss In America it's pronounced te tos. That's true. We don't speak other languages here so, Well we did rename it America instead of Mexico.


So Is that why the Gulf name changed actually the Gulf of America? 'cause we renamed the country. It's weird that America has unilateral authority to just do stuff like that. Wow. I mean It's no Mark. It's weird that we did that because we did that And it's a thing now. And I'm just saying everyone else in the whole world ignoring that we did that doesn't mean it's not true. Mark, I'm no, that's not what I'm getting. I'm about to get pedantic. I'm about to get pedantic. Someone made the map a long time ago. They just made shit up. You know, someone drew a dragon in the middle of the ocean one day. Doesn't mean it's true. Dragon D's nuts. No maps can't lie. I assume they sailed up and they sailed past the words Guf of Mexico floating on the ocean and the the cartographer was like, oh, guf of Mexico.


Man, that's handy. Oh no. I like Guf of Mexico better Guf of Mexico. I don't make fun of my Ohio accent. Yeah, I've lost it. I'm all California now. It's okay. Hang out with us a little bit. You'll get it back. Okay. All Right. At least once a week. Okay. Sounds like a lot honestly. But


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have The Best deals for your yard up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible Offer Is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made.


Why? What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, A goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling, we have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


I do have an episode for today. We've had a bit of small talk. I feel like our first episodes are always a bit more small talk heavy. 'cause we're like we, let's catch up. We not talk Too long. What? First episode of what? First episode of the month of the week, first episode of the year. I don't know. Whatever it is. We're gonna do a fun little thing. This is pretty easy. It's just I'm gonna propose things you guys are gonna answer. It's simple, best and worst of things but I'm got a variety of different topics. So if everyone's like, we've done this before maybe, but this is different 'cause I said so and I'm the host so I get to say, so It's the rules. Let's just start with what is the, what is The Best number? One. One baby number one. Nah. One. Nah. No way.


Number one, Baby one stinks. You Ask anybody which way they'd rather be number two or number one. Number zero. No loser. Hercules went from zero to hero And Hero might as well be one. Hero Is the other way from one zero. One is a downgrade from zero. He went from zero up to negative one or zero. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. No hero is one. That's what I'm saying. Zero is bad. He went from zero. Oh Hero's he, he went left on the number line. Mark left is good, right is bad. Am I flipped or something? But if he went left on the number line from zero, wouldn't he look The Best? The Best number is clearly 24. For reasons I can't fully explain, it's just The Best number all around.


That's a good number. It has multiple divisors, which is very pleasant. It's aesthetically balanced and pleasing. It looks fantastic on like a sports jersey or on like a race car application. Yeah, it's not so high that you can't count to it. If you had to, if you had to count 24 of something, you'd be like, eh. Okay. Wasn't That Jeff Gordon's number? Yes, A Rainbow Rainbow DuPont car number 24. Jeff Gordon. Also Two four two four two four. Two four is Wade's phone number? Okay, I wasn't gonna share that but yeah, you're right. I'm partial to the number three myself. Even though everyone's gonna be like seven. It's actually number three for me. Three. What are you an Earnhardt fan? What's number three from?


I'm not a big NASCAR guy, but just like the number three. I Don't dislike the number three. That's just a, I would never have picked that as like The Best number for my own sensibilities. Well if I could rebrand, I'd be Wade three or Wade. Wade. Wade, You should be wad three or the three is an E, but no one gets that. So they think your name is Wa or wa wa wa Three does have like balance. It's the, I feel like there is balance to it. You know, triangle, strongest shape, you know Olympic podium. Gold, silver. Bronze. Bronze. Best medal. Three. Wait a minute. It's number one. Number one baby Number one just gets gold. Do you know what's better than that? Platinum? Does three get platinum or did I miss something?


Or actually I don't think pla platinum's now cheaper than gold. I think Gold's more expensive than, isn't gold relatively like easy to obtain compared to other things though, Don't matter. It's gold. Oh, okay. Gold. What is The Worst number? You just had to ask that. Didn't you? You motherfucker. Also, I should take everyone to points away for not saying 60. No one said 69 is The Best number. Listen, we're having a serious discussion here. If, if you're looking for that kind of humor, then I think we've established today that I'm a pervert and that 69 would in fact be a great number for me. Oh, You are a pervert. That's true. Thank You. I forgot I have a candidate for The Worst number. It's a lot of numbers. Any number over 13,000 is The Worst number.


And any, any number you name whatever next number you say that's also over 13,000. That's just the next worst number. Whichever it's they're all The Worst. They're all terrible. Even like a million. No, I know, I know, I know. I got it. 9, 9, 9. Because I hate, and I've said this before, gas stations when they do the, it is $3 and 1, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9 cents nonsense. Cut it out. Roundup or round down, stop being a coward and go to eight or zero. I don't think it should be legal for prices to include denominations you cannot offer as payment. Like I get that credit cards and digital transactions, you can do whatever you want, but there's nothing smaller than a penny.


If I can't pay it in cash, don't fuck. Don't do it. 'cause if I'm paying you cash, you're clearly rounding that shit off anyway. You're not giving me 100th of a penny back when I get my change. It's bullshit. And we're long overdue to eliminate the penny in general because like it costs more than to produce than it's actually worth. So why even have it, no one does cash anymore. Really. I do cash. I have cash in my pocket right now. Yeah, I have cash in my wallet right now. But I, this is more of personal preference. I feel like the US is a little behind the rest of the world in terms of how our currency is, is broken down. I really like in like in in Europe and in Canada, I believe how there's like dollar and they're not dollars but they have loonies and Toonies in Canada or one or two Euro coins in, in the eu.


It's nice. You don't need paper that small you don't need, singles are for vending machines. I guess America's big on strippers, so you need single, I don't know. I don't know why it's gotta be paper. I like the coins. I feel like the coins is a good direction With inflation. I doubt that, you know, strippers even want singles anymore. But No, they get a better deal on couples who, Who gets a better deal? The stripper. Oh Yeah. Less work, more money, More lap. They're not confined with any space. Lap. Strippers will love a wide lap. Oh yeah, yeah. You got, you got wide thighs. Oh you know, all sugars can be all over you. Yeah, it's like having a bigger bedroom. It's like, do you really need it?


No, but everyone wants a bigger bedroom, bigger lap, more space. You can do more dance. I maintain my answer. I like Mark's answer has a lot of strong points. My answer is just broadly correct. It's there no number. Over 13,000 has any use to a normal person. They all stink and they're too big. Can't understand it doesn't mean anything. Stinky big, stinky numbers. All Right. Are you gonna like decide who's right or are we just going to to do this? And then you're just gonna be like, next I'm marking points down. Don't worry. But you're not gonna, you're not gonna tell us right now. We're just gonna, No one has to be right. These are just opinions man. You're not wrong for feeling that way. I think it's pretty clear that one of us is more right than the other so far on everything we've talked about.


But okay, that's fine. Yeah, but I've gotta let Mark participate man. Can I get runner up on worst number Infinity? 'cause that shit's dumb. Anyone smart that's going Oh, infinity. I'm like, you're, you're actually stupid. You're secretly stupid. But you don't want anyone To My least favorite number is I. Oh yeah. 'cause it's imaginable. Well I know. Well don't talk about I around Bob. He can't imagine it. What do you mean in imaginary numbers? Oh God, on Yeah. We're just being crazy. Well, just you, the picture in your mind. Listen, if I can't count it with my fingers, if how, if I have I Apples, how many apples is that? Gimme some apples. Alright, Hold up your finger now. Editors invert my finger back into my hand and Then square it.


Easy, easy fix. I've always hated imaginary number. I hate that. That drives me nuts. I thought wasn't even what Mark said. He said Infinity. I know I said I, he said infinity. Infiniti Infinity is stinky though. I feel like that's impliedly included in my suggestion, but it is like a different thing. And I, and I agree. What is The Best awful smell? Okay. All right. Well I've said this many times before 'cause it's very bad for you and many people don't like it. But the smell of cigarettes, I just like, I like it. That's a bad smell. I like tobacco. I like the smell. And what's weird is I don't like going into like a humidor where it's like cigar room. Oh, that's a whole other thing. Those are a lot. Yeah, I don't like that.


But just like, you know, just standard cigarettes. Cigarettes Are smelly. Like I agree. Cigarettes have like a smell and I just like it myself. But a cigar smoker coming in, like whenever I worked retail, having someone who smokes cigars come in and smell like cigar was so much worse than cigarette smoke smell or weed smoke smell cigar people fucking stink. I didn't say it. I did cigar smokers out there, eure. And it's bad. A bold take. I was trying to think of something that's not kind of a copy of Mark's answer. But I, I have a similar thing. I guess my favorite awful smell is two stroke engine exhaust. Like, like the smell of like a go-kart or like a lawn mower.


It smells like I'm inhaling things that will kill me. But also that's a very, something very nostalgic about that. That's very like love go-karts and, and lawnmowers and things of my childhood. And it's associated with a lot of positive stuff. All right, what is The Worst bad smell? All right, so your cave diving, right? And you, of course you crawl into a, a crevasse like you do, you're trying to squeeze into the Devil's anus. You know, you're, you're, you're really crawling in there. Your hair, your hose line's getting torn up. Your, your tank's getting cut to shreds, but you're squeezing through because hell yeah. It's, it's a hole. You gotta be in there and you, you accidentally dislodge a rock that causes water to shoot out into an exposed rusted sewer line.


Your gas mask gets pulled off. There's enough air in there for you to have a minute or two of consciousness and just the feted ocean water. All the other dead bodies of divers who you had to move their bones out of the way to get into the Devil's anus are amongst you. There remains sewage and then rust. And also there's a fracking was taking place nearby. So you got that. Who could get horny in a place like oh, fracking. Sorry, Not, I'm not here to yuck people's yum. Do it if you want, but you have to be some special kind of absolute psychopath to go caving on purpose. Oh my God. Yeah. I've watched like some of the documentaries about like the guy who got stuck upside down wedged in the, and they just, he just died in there because they couldn't get him out.


And they were just like, well see Seal that one, seal that one up, let's just leave him seal that one. And that's his cave now. But like, holy crap. But all the, and there's like videos of a guy being like, okay, I need to breathe out a little bit more and then I think I can shi me through. Yeah, I'm fitting, I'm fitness. Like Just Watching those videos, I'm like, ah, fuck, why would you do that on purpose? God damn. So many videos that are like, oh this guy got trapped and died a horrible death. And I'm like, oh, I've watched this one and I click it. It's a different guy in a different cave. Every single time I find a new, another video that I'm like, it must be the same story, right?


Nah, different guy. And it, and it's, look, it's exploration and it's fine. That's people, people get excited about that and do what you want. But like, man, of all the types of exploring shit you could do that has gotta be just the most terrifyingly claustrophobic one. Like I wouldn't really want to go in a submarine way down in the ocean or climb to, you know, Mount Everest or whatever else. Those sound kind of hard, actually really hard and kind of scary. But the caving thing sounds like fucking, it sounds like a thing you do to a torture a person. Like you get, you get captured in the enemy prison camp. They're like, All right, your only job is to climb down into this cave and then climb back out every day.


And you do that till you tell us everything you know, and we will let you leave or something. It would work. I wouldn't even climb in once I'd give up, I'd betray my whole, everyone I ever knew just to not have to do that. It's just a long prolonged to death. 'cause you're, you know, people starve to death. You know, people, you know, you know, pain or whatever, have injuries, whatever. But it's also, you have to deal with that and you're trapped and can't move and you're upside down and the walls are closing in around you. And, and also everyone, you hear voices behind you being like, we can't help them. What do we tell 'em? Well, I don't know, let's give them some False hope. I guess because it echoes so hard. Yeah. To hear from the cave entrance.


Ugh, I, ugh. Yeah, no, I mean people, people get their adrenaline rush in whatever way they get it, I guess and can't be helped. But man, it's that. I've clicked on those videos that you watch too, where it's like the story And it, and I always imagine it's like, oh well he, he must have realized there was some, like a gold deposit or something. He's like, nah, he just thought maybe this cave might connect over to this other cave that was also on this, you know, like a mile away is a different cave. And he was like, well if they connect so then, then they'd be connected and we would know about that. Yeah. God know about that. Well Now that I'm all itchy and anxious, everyone, great topic.


And You asked smell, you asked about The Worst smell, man smell smells. My, my worst smell is James' poopy dippy. And not because the smell particularly is that bad, but it, because it comes with the realization that now I gotta go change that. And it's always like, and he has had some real rippers. That man makes some stinky poop sometimes. But it's even when it's not so stinky, you have that moment where you're like, let me look. Oh poopy. Oh poopy. Okay, let's go upstairs. I will say, I remember as a kid when my younger brother was still in diapers, I walked in the restroom while my parents were changing his diaper.


And I have never forgotten how horrible that smell was. Like it was one of my biggest regrets as an older brother was being in the vicinity of a diaper change. It could Be pretty, pretty spicy. That singular moment might be why I'm not a parent right now is the memory of that diaper. There's a lot of other parts to it. I'm not gonna lie, but that is a part of it. Yeah. The Velcro, the butt. Yeah. I got you. The what? Oh, oh the diaper. No, there's a lot to being a parent. There's a lot of other parts too. Oh, okay. Poopy diapers is is part of it. I can't lie. Yeah, I was also kinda like an exorcist baby who like projectile vomited everywhere. Ooh, that's tough.


I have known other friend had friends who have had babies who had that. And I'm really glad James didn't do that. 'cause that's, there's not much you could do about, it just happens. Yeah. I think my head spun around a full 360 and I just spewed like a, like a sprinkler. I actually have not seen the Exorcist. You Should, you should see it. Oh Yeah. As a, as a movie guy and a horror guy. That feels like one I you'd probably enjoy. Yeah, I mean you'd think but just who has time, I guess not you. What is The Best activity you've tried? Activity, Activity, sport, it kind of generic. Just something you've tried that like maybe you, is it like a typical, everyone's done it just something you've done that you've been like, oh that's The Best thing I've done.


Sex is pretty cool. About to tell me twice. That's not my answer. That's not my answer. That's not my answer. That shoulda Been, You wanna try a new activity, found out about this cool activity. Just like a weird, like a hobby, a sport. Like anything that you've just tried that maybe like, I don't know, that was The Best thing. You were like, oh man, I'm really glad I did that. I have one that's really not that weird, but it's weird to me. 'cause I don't come from, I'm not, this is not a thing I'm as familiar with and I've talked about it. I think on this show before I went trap shooting a friend's birthday party happened and we went out and went trap shooting and I didn't grow up around guns and I don't have any guns and I don't have a super negative opinion, but I kind of fear them from a distance just in the thing of like, I don't want that in my house.


'cause that could be dangerous. And you have to be very careful and safe. But getting to go with Admiral Agbar has gotta be really cool because it's trap shooting. I was trying to decide if that was funny. I don't like it. It's a trap. Yeah, I know. I got it. I got it. It was fun. It was surprisingly fun. And I think both because it wasn't as hard on my shoulders. I thought it was gonna be, you definitely get sore, but it's not like I didn't have like a huge ridiculous bruise or anything too bad. And it was, you could like, I didn't hit every shot, but I hit some shots and when like a thing gets launched and it's going and you're like, yeah pa, and you get it. It's very satisfying. It's very rewarding. And it's like, it's not so hard that you, you can't hit a single one the first time you go out. You could hit some and like there were a couple stations where I, where there were two or three that they would fire from different locations and I hit like all three of them in sequence.


And it was like, oh that's nice. That was sick. Cool. It was surprisingly fun and I'd never done it before. It was very fun. I didn't think I was gonna enjoy it that much. I think that's one of the few like shooting activities that can be like reliably fun. 'cause with target practice, it's just like you're basically doing work. You know? There's some fun to it. But I mean those who go like once a week, well several times a week, not only do they have lead poisoning, but they, they also just, they're just practicing for the, the coming apocalypse that might, well maybe who, who knows what the next few years are gonna look like. But they're practicing for something there. But with that, it's more like a game.


It's actual game. And it's like, I'm not really a hunter so anytime I don't, I don't like the idea of going out shooting a coyote just like it doesn't feel right. They're just, there's hungry dogs out there. Deer kill 'em all. I, I think that they whoa Destroy 'em. What a deer do to you. You haven't heard about the pions. The PreOn in deer. That problem destroy 'em, wipe 'em out. Annihilate 'em. Aren't Those the enemy in Starfield? Stardust star? Are You thinking of protos from StarCraft? That's the one. They're Not the enemies. I mean it depends on your perspective, but whatever.


I don't think it's an uncommon perspective to be like, yeah dear, we need to control that problem. That's real bad. I think that from gun owners to, I actually, there was a podcast I was listening to where there's like, you know, there's some people that have guns and there's one person that's like very anti, like really progressive. But it was very much like, give every American a gun and tell 'em to kill one deer. They gotta be gone. We gotta, not extinct but just, you know, really, really gotta control that down a bit. I'm echoing that sentiment, but also I don't think I could go hunting. I, I'm fine with the idea of if it was a survival situation and I had to to eat, but it makes me sad. So what's The Best activity for you then? Hmm? Killing deer.


Killing deer. Just Sex. I can't go hunting but killing deer. That's different. It's different. There's not hunting. That's Cullen. Like Edward Cullen, you know? Yeah, I was team Jacob. I was about to make that joke. And you beat me to it by half. Now I know what it feels like to be you guys typically Just laughing and laughing. Laughing right way. Just laughing. Better to laugh than to cry. Best Activity. Good cry. I'll put that down. Stealing that. You know what I I, I agree with that. You know what I'm, I don't, I don't handle, well I learned this morning I had to take Lexi in for a follow-up appointment. She's doing fine, but they just like change a bandage and look at some stuff.


I, she's getting treatment at a pet hospital which has an emergency thing and it's very unfortunate and I don't at all blame these people, but to this morning, I was the only one who was there for like a normal scheduled doctor visit. And it was busy and there were some like frantically upset people. And I am a sympathetic crier and I did not do very well. Trying to stand in a waiting. There was like one woman who was there by herself 'cause she brought her dog in 'cause it had seemingly had a seizure or something neurological. It was very bad. She was like filling out paperwork weeping, which I get 'cause I would be too. Then there was a family whose dog was like getting treatment who was not doing well.


It seemed like the dog maybe was terminal or was not going well. And they like brought them back to see the dog and then came back out and they were all just like weeping, like super. And there were some other dogs or whatever animals who were there. And the owners were all like, it was for all for emergencies and everyone was super upset. And I was like, I'm just here to get my, my dog's fine, we're fine. She's just getting looked at. But like, I, I couldn't, I can't handle that shit in public. That's a, that's a specific type of setting that I'm not in very much. It was, I didn't like it. I was, it was hard. And not because it was sad, but just because it made me cry for no apparent reason. Which made me deeply uncomfortable.


'cause I've stayed there with my relatively healthy pet and she's like licking me and being like, what are we doing dad? And everyone else is like, please, please save my baby. Please help us. It just felt weird. I didn't care for it. Not in a judgmental way. I'm sorry for those people. But, But in good activities. You ever go to a good standup show, Even not so good. Standup is pretty fun. You're definitely right on that one. I like the improv shows we went to to back when we were watching improv. Those were Fun. Those were fun. Those were good. I've never forgotten, I dunno if you guys remember the specific skit where there was like the guy on a plane who just kept screaming in agony and looking at his knees. Not specifically. They Were like sitting down and the guy was just like Two too relatable for Wade.


But he just like, that was part of his thing was like, he would just like look at his knees and just like let out an ear piercing scream was part of his like thing. I don't, it was one where they would like, they would run and like turn the page to like the next chapter. Yeah. It was a Harold, right? It was, that was mainly what we saw was we saw a few Harolds But they, they circled back to that character two or three times. But every time like he was like walking around then he would just like stop like almost Jim Carrey like, and scream and like agony. I don't remember that. The dude lives rent free in my head. Wow. I don't know that at all. That sounds hilarious. But it was Just so unexpected. 'cause everyone's like doing their characters and this guy's just like playing an old dude who's just in excruciating pain with every movement he makes.


Anyway. Worst activity. Alright, so bad activity. I don't like the idea of going skydiving. Never gonna do it if I can help it. There is a, apparently a known skydiving place where people die and I, I think it's in California somewhere, but it has a reputation 'cause someone just recently died on that same airline and a lot of people in the Reddit comps were just like, I already know which air, which not airline, but which skydiving company they were talking about. And God, sure enough, it was that same one. Just, I don't know what's going on with that one. I don't know the name of it. I'm not trying to protect 'em or anything. Like, oh, I'm not gonna say, ooh, they're, and like I would probably prefer to warn people about it, but It's one of those that you sign up and you think you know the package you're getting.


But actually you have to individually say like, I want a parachute or I want this. Like, they nickel and dime you for individual pieces. It's the ryanair of skydiving companies. It's like we guaranteed you a seat. We didn't say that your seat would have an armrest. We didn't say it would have a back to it Reserve shoot. You made a money. So, okay. What, what's The Worst one you've tried though? Worst thing you've done that you've like, eh, because you've done some weird stuff. You've tried like intermittent sleeping, you've tried like weird diets and things. Just anything. Tried some weird stuff, which I, okay. You looked like, so accusative you had like that accusatory like what are you saying about me? You've tried some weird Stuff. You, you have man, you went to a parkouring group in college and just jumped off a building.


Yeah, well I don't wanna do that. I Don't know if I have anything I've actually done that. I would consider The Worst. I don't do those things. If I think something would probably be The Worst, I probably didn't do it. Well what is The Worst one you've done? Like what is one of you try, it doesn't have to be like necessarily a bad thing to do. Just something you didn't enjoy Parades, man, have I never been to a parade of any kind where at any point I was like, I'm glad we came. This is fun. Ah, I love that. Every parade I go to inevitably leads to me getting like way overstimulated or literally sitting there on the, on the parade route just being like, holy fuck. That's the loudest ambulance I've ever seen. I've, I have earplugs with me at all times.


That's not So that I can add. That's not bad idea. Something's loud. They're, they're like, there's tons of brands on Amazon that sell these little kits. They clip right onto your keyring. They're like 20 bucks and they're, they work so they cut it down just enough that you can still hear. But it just, it reduces everything down a bit. It's great. Yeah, I mean if I ever do, I'm sure I'll go to a parade again at some point. 'cause we have a kid and you know, he might like it. I doubt it 'cause he's our son and I don't think Mandy and I are very big parade people, but head earplugs will be in order. 'cause oh my God. I, I would say probably something similar is like I've, I've, I I've been to concert and they're fine. You know, I I'm not typically like a big music guy, but I have gone to, you know, I do like music and I've been to concerts.


I went to a concert where they had a pit And it was just, no, it wasn't like, you know, the kind of mosh pit where people are trying to hurt each other by throwing elbows like that. But it was enough that I was just like, I, in no way would I ever, ever enjoy this experience where it's like crammed in there. You're being jostled around. I don't know this band, I don't know the music, I don't know what's going on. I hate everything. I can't even get out. I'm trapped. There was a point in my life where I, I liked like new metal and I liked metal growing up and I, there was a point where I went to concerts with friends and I was like, yeah, cool. And I never actually went in a mosh pit. 'cause that sounded really stupid to me.


But as, as a, now looking back on that, I find it so confusing why people like mosh pits. I guess it's just exciting. But I feel like The Best case scenario is you're like, yeah, I went into the mosh pit. This guy jumped and flipped in the air and kneed me in the face and broke my orbital bone. That was awesome. It's like what you but you, you didn't even like hit him back. It's not like you got in a fight. He just did that and you were like, yeah and then you hit somebody else probably with your what? It's confusing. So wait, is the pit your answer mark? Is that The Worst thing you've tried? Yeah. Yeah, because I mean a lot of the activities that I've done, you know, even if they were hard, even if it was uncomfortable, I'm like, okay, okay, it's fine.


That was just unpleasant and that is actually an activity that people do regularly. So I don't get that one. Yeah, like Every concert there's usually like Ed Sheer in concert Crazy pits at Ed Shear in concerts. When he starts rapping, they go fucking nuts in the pit man, Classical orchestra pits. You gotta love it. Henry's barking and Amy's not home right now. This might be someone at the door. I'm, can I go step away? Yes, You may. Some other guy just walks in the door like, I mean I could, he could. I guess I could still give him points, whoever it is. Hey, Mr. Holman Truder, you wanna join us? You wanna play a game? Would that mean that Mark would win the episode? Or would the random other person win the episode?


Oh, I'd give them their own score sheet. So they, Okay, that's, that's a, that's risky. Well, I mean, if we gotta replace him, might as well do it with the dude who's got the same background. You know, easier for the editors. It was nothing. It was nothing. He was lying to me. I've Never heard a dog bark at nothing before. That's crazy. You know what? One point to Henry for comedy,


This is an ad by better help, let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. And that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session This month. Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show with 90% off your first week. Don't miss this offer. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better Help connects you with licensed professionals at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within Reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 90% off your first week. That's better. hlp.com/stooges.


This episode is brought to you by Emirates. I think we can all agree that vacationing in Europe is fine, but for your next vacation, why not look a little further. How about Dubai? There's an exciting place. World class hotels, literal record breaking landmarks, taking you to new heights 'cause they have the world's tallest building bucket list adventures in the city or out in the desert. Tons of stuff where you fly with Emirates. You know, the whole thing is like a vacation plane. Beautiful, wonderful service. It's basically like you're in a spa up until you get off the plane and then you're on vacation in Dubai. And I think we'll all be getting at it together when we all take a huge entire Distractible audience vacation to Dubai. No promises you can choose from 96 flights per week between the United States and Dubai. And you can book on emirates.com today. That's E-M-I-R-A-T-E s.com. emirates.com Book today.


Well, we can wind out. We've got through a couple with not as many as I. No More, more, more, more, more speed round. More, more How long you want this episode to be? All right, we'll do one more. What is The Best conspiracy theory? We've talked about conspiracy theories a few times. I can't think of a single one right now. Oh, the coincidences of, if you take the map of missing people and caves, It's that a true thing? Yeah. If you overlay the, the, the map, like national map of like, I'm not sure how true it is, of course it's conspiracy theory. So the maps might have been fabricated, but from what I saw, you see a map of like, this is the density of missing people. And then you pull up a map of like caves and it's like, And it makes sense on a surface.


Like yeah, people go caving. You hear about like, you know, like devil's ass crack jumping face first into that. But also it could be bigfoot lizard people. I don't know if this conspiracy, but I guess this popped into my head. You guys can tell me if this is, eh, the idea of sovereign citizenship. Is that a conspiracy or is that more like an ideology? Do you guys, you guys know what sovereign citizens are? I think so. They're Like, they're people who claim that they are sovereign unto themselves. They do not recognize that. Like if they live inside the US they don't recognize the sovereignty of the United States. And they, and they'll do shit like put a license plate on their car.


Their car will be unregistered, but they'll have a license plate that just says sovereign citizen. Like, I registered this with myself and it's just a fake license plate. They bought online type of shit. They Are basically conspiracy theorists that like the conspiracy is their own life. The, and this is kind of cruel, but they bring it on themselves. So I feel like it's okay to laugh videos of sovereign citizens representing themselves in court, especially for minor things like traffic tickets or like civil disputes or whatever are always so fucking funny. 'cause they're like a person representing themself in court in general can be, it's funny, but like, it's kind of sad 'cause like they're, you know, they're probably not protecting their personal rights as much as they could if they had a real representation, but maybe they know what they're doing.


That's not likely. But maybe, but sore citizens will just be the most smug, like arrogant full of it. They'll be in court and be like, your honor, since I don't recognize the jurisdiction of the state of Maine or of the country of the United States, I move that this be dismissed. And the judge will just look at them and be like, this, this is fucking traffic court. There's no, you don't make motions. There's no evidence. This is not a trial. You drove your car 58 miles an hour in a 35 mile an hour zone. Do you have evidence that that is not true? And they'll be like, no, no, I did that, but, and the laws of me that's legal and, and it's just, just the judges just don't give a fuck.


'cause I've, it doesn't happen that often I would imagine for any individual judge. But when it comes up, it's always, it's just always so funny and not because often the person will ultimately still be punished or fined or whatever. That sucks. And hopefully they deserve whatever happens. And it's not like unjust or un Oh, I almost said the word, but I didn't unjust or unfair. Oh man. Oh. But it's just watching judges just tell them to shut the hell up and that they are idiots is always funny to me. I Feel like sovereign citizens are the definition of that guy. They're like the person that you're, they're the relative you avoid at your get togethers. They're the person that like, everyone's like, fucking hate that that person exists.


It is crazy because if you wanted to live alone and off grid and you know, out in the middle of nowhere, technically you kind of can to some extent because public land and whatnot, I mean, yeah, there are definitely in America as much as in a lot of the world or more. And then in a lot of the world, you could totally disappear. You could live off grid at a place where no one could really do anything to you. Oh man, United States is so huge. It's so not dense. Yeah, There's all the Dakotas, but For some reason sovereign citizens like to live in the suburbs and drive their car to get Wendy's and like Yeah, It's like on public roads. It's almost like they want all the privileges of being a citizen without any of the consequences.


Yeah. It's funny how that works. All You said all the Dakotas, how many Dakotas are there? Two that we are aware of, but there's two more that are sovereign West and east or is this some Yeah. Other cardinal there. Well, West and southwest, North, north, north, north. North, north and South Dakota. Can we just make Canada, north Third Dakota? I feel like that idea was floated and I heard they're not into it. What? Yeah, like Right. It's hard to imagine why you wouldn't want to give up your national sovereignty to another nation for no apparent reason and become a state. But I heard they're not into it. That's my impression. No, they're gonna be called the USA Just because this came up previously. And I don't want to have another misunderstanding or everyone on the subreddit and in general online who did not.


Like when we made a joke about Canada booing the national anthem in hockey games and stuff, we fucking know why that happened. And I think I could speak for all three of us. When we say we generally agree with you, just to be super clear about it. Did you guys see that there were people online who were like, how could they not know how ignorant could they be? We need some sarcasm signs. And I, and if you were sincerely like sad, 'cause I understand a lot of Canadians are upset, angry, generally unsettled about what's happening between our country and yours right now. We didn't mean to make you upset, but also it was a fucking joke. We know, we heard about that.


God damn. We also hate us. Nobody hates us more than we, I don't hate us. I love us. Yeah, My heart goes out there. Us All right. What's The Worst conspiracy theory? Flat earth. It's just stupid. Oh, those Are so funny though. Yeah, but it's, so did You see, did you see the big thing? They went to what? They went to Antarctica and did a bunch of experiments and the every experiment confirmed that the earth was round. And the guy was like, well, I'm gonna find some more experiments, I guess because I know it's flat. It's just like the alternative requires so many more leaps of logic and different fundamental physics than anything other out there.


You have to completely change the entire parameters of reality and how things work for it to be flat, it's, it is just, it's just so dumb. It has to be a, it has to be a bit that's gone on for too long. It has to Be, it does feel like that. Like it's hard to imagine someone sincerely and earnestly believing all that stuff at this point. But Do you think there's like a flat earth club where they get together, they're like, dude, they still think, we think the earth's flat. We still got 'em. I fucking hope so. I hope they're pulling a huge one over on all of us. Because if not, and they actually believe all that stuff, actually, that would explain a lot of what goes on in the world today.


Stupidity is a real big currency right now that people are making transactions with. You Mean people who haven't been brainwashed? What's my worst conspiracy theory? Yeah. Worst conspiracy Theory. That was a really good one. I don't even know if I have one that competes with that. I, I I That's, that's the one That would be my pick too, honestly. I think that that was about to, to arrive at that before Mark said it out loud. It's just dumb. It's just dumb. It is still funny, but in a much more depressing way. It's like sovereign citizens. It's funny from a distance. It's sad when it's up close and you're seeing it for real. Ah, but sovereign citizens isn't that sad? Up close. Like you might feel empathetically bad for the person, but they're doing it to themselves.


No, no. I don't feel bad for them. I might feel bad for people have to deal with them. Ah, Just, Just ignore is like getting a thorn in your foot. It's like there's nothing pleasant about it. It's like thorns. They exist, but god damn, do I fucking hate 'em? Sore citizens are fine. You're allowed to exist. You're watching if you're great, Phil. It's philosophically, I guess, but it's still, it's not. I I get it where everyone's like, I didn't choose to be born in a society. And you go, yeah, I get that. But you wouldn't ever have been born if the society wasn't here. And also phones are pretty cool. And the internet's nice. I like 3D. Printing That alone is a basis for society.


That's the episode. We gotta do wheels. I have to add something, don't I? Yeah, you gotta, Yeah. That's part of it. Most sympathetic of the day or episode, Like we were sympathetic to others or we Deserve sympathy. I think. Well, Bob dealing with the stuff with Lexi and the vet probably would get it today. So I guess it's biased toward him. Why? What about me? Well do I gotta deal with you two guys all day. You got a whole bunch of free stuff from Prussia or whatever. Prusa. Excuse you. Sorry. Pro Prusa. Sorry, Prusa. My bad. You have to do the, you have to do the D three thing and then we'll know how many spins. How many spins we got Three.


Oh boy. It's party time out here. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck, fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. And he, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. What is that? One of, of 'em? Fuck Bob, eat something. Yeah. No. Here, here, here, here, here. We're gonna cheat. Might as well go all In. I'm eating a Jolly Rancher while I spin the first spin. Oh, blue and purple are pretty close, right? Probably closer than black and white or red and black. That's A really funny choice by way. I don't remember that one. I think I came up with that. 'cause you were wearing the one tan shirt that you own and you and I was like, you blend in spin number two.


No, no, Boy. Four listeners. All right. That's gonna Go straight to their heads 'cause they can only imagine it. And spin number three, please end in a tie for Wade. Please end in a tie. It's possible. Keep going, keep going, keep going. Bald. Ah, damnit. I mean it's, is it between Mark and I? Who's the baldest? Or is it It's supposed to be. I have, I'm meeing. You can see I have a little, I have a little. It's receding. Do We just re-spin this one? Look at this. Like if you pull it apart, it's really bald. If I go like this, it looks like I've just all the way bald.


I have real, I have the ji hairline. Remember Dude, if you could come in here with your hair up like magda's. My, my hairline goes as far back as my ears are over here. It's, it's climbing. If I wait, if I lean back like this, Do you, you have so much hair you can't even do it. I Have a, I have a large crown. See If we're doing this, I think Bob has more forehead exposed. What's the, what's your thing? Mark? Mark. You're all, what is it? Midface Bob's all forehead. I'm sorry. Well, he is just trying to negotiate the point so that he doesn't we don't do the the One minute show. No, so, so honestly right now the funny thing is right now you guys are tied. So if either one of you get this point. Yeah. So you're just trying to make it so you don't get the point for Baldest.


No, I can take the point I just said, I don't know if it's between you two and we should resin, but if it lands on like listeners or viewers, do you want to take the point for Baldest? I'll take the point. Nah, no, you're the host. Don't let me talk you into it. I'm the baldest. You know what? Fuck you. I'm the baldest. We will do the tie spin. That's unfair. Oh, I'm the baldest. If I win, I'm bald. No. So wait, so if Mark wins, he is bald. If Mark loses all heads, mark is bald. All tails. Bob Is bald. No. Well the do it would be doubly unfair. Which would mean Wade would get two points. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, I guess between me and him, Wade has to do two.


One man shows. I don't think that's how we're doing that. Heads for Mark. Anything else? Doesn't really matter. Fell On the floor. Do I do that again? Yeah, I would Refl. I would say that's a refl for Mark. You've better flip carefully though. 'cause mine was tails. It landed. Tails on the floor. I'm not lying about that. That's what it did. I mean it's Pretty immaterial. Flip again. You, it doesn't, I don't think it changes it either way. Does it? That would give me two points. Is that enough to affect the outcome Wade? No. Fails. All right, well you know what? At least I beat the listeners.


That's true. Listeners got a point just so they could come in fourth place out of three. I'm giving Henry two bonus points that Henry also beats listeners. That's fair. That that makes it all worth It. That means we still have to do the one man show wheel though, doesn't it? And so I have to turn it up to 8%. Yes. I gotta be better about declaring the parameters of the unfair. I should have asked for a point or something. Not just being bald. If I'd have won that, would I have had to shave my Head? Unclear. 'cause you didn't win, but retroactively I'd like to say yes. Okay. All right. Fair enough. If you wanna be the baldest, you gotta beat the baldest. We have. We have a thing. We have the, it's at 8% for the one man show.


That's looking really big. It. I don't like how big it's looking. It looks pretty girthy. You're looking pretty girthy today. Before you spinach. Should I go over the reason you guys have points just to get that outta the way so we don't retroactively do it? Oh Yeah, I guess. Sure, sure. Mark. You got points for flat earth and caves and missing people. Pro PRUs. Oh, come on. Prusa. Yeah. Devil's anus. SIGs. Sewage. Corpse. Water, sex. Kill the deer. Good cry. Concert pit sky divers. Bob, you got points for wood. Lexi looks like it says blood.


I don't think it says blood. I don't know what it says. Go-kart. Smoke parades. Cave diving. Psychopaths. Poo diapers. Probably doesn't say tramp Stamp. Tramp. Minority tramp. Sensitivity Trap. Trap something. Sovereign citizens bad cry. Wheat. No way. I Don't, my pen's dying. So like it keeps fading out on these words. We need to get you a typewriter or something. Yeah, I'm gonna need one. Henry got three points. Listeners got a point. I got two points. Wow. You guys are tied at 12. Listeners came in fifth out of three. It's getting close to The Worst number.


Let's see the winner. The winner will be all of us. If wait. Oh no. Oh no. Oh, wait. Oh, oh, oh no. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. I mean, yay. But Oh, Oh Boy. Oh man. That would've been so funny. I'm happy. But also it was right there, Huh? All right, mark. Congrats. Thanks. Winner speech. I'd like to say thank Proa printers who probably gave me the confidence to inspire this win. Go To Proa. No, I am not.


I'm not sponsored by them. Don't believe anything I say. I haven't tried 'em out yet except the one. So no thank you to them. Except maybe thank you to them. No thank you to my opponent. Not because I'm being mean. Not because I'm being mean. It's not because I'm being mean. I'm not a mean guy. I'm a nice guy and I won and those things are very good for me and everybody. I like winning and people like winners. I like me. But my opponent very mean. Very mean guy. Very mean. Very mean guy. Not like me. A nice guy.


Smart too. I zoned out. What are we talking about? You're doing a loser speech. I don't really feel like a loser. 'cause we made it all the way to the accidental tie wheel. When I lost 26 coin flips in a row. I never thought I'd be in favor of wheel spins and coin flips and all this shit. I like it Now I've told well total 180. I'm glad this is the way that our show is now. I hope it never changes, but I'm I'm sure it will. 'cause we'll probably just forget at some point and stop doing it. But that's okay. 'cause that's who we are as people. What was I talking about? Well, you both completely dominated me. Who only had two points? It was 13 to 12 to three to two to one.


Watchers didn't make the scoreboard this time, but that's okay. At least you didn't join the scoreboard and lose as badly as the listeners did. Take him for the next one where Mark will host because he won. I will not be doing a one man show by the skin of my teeth, which is a terrible saying, but one that I've heard and used merch one day. Maybe answer Your emails. You gotta answer your emails. Never see merch. Things will never see. Sorry everyone, that's my bad, but I won't be changing. You can find Mark Market Pli. Bob, me. Group me at minion. Seven. Seven, Lord Minion. 7, 7, 7 Until the next one. Podcast out.