
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like All my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. I dunno. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bang Court Bank. Na. Pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by Batman AUM. Shadow available only on Meta Quest three and three s. I'm just excited to be able to use Batman's gadgets, Shock glove punch, the Rat King, just the bat versus the rat. That's gonna make for some really good headlines. But come the night Batman AUM Shadow is included when you buy Medi Quest. Three or three s available now. Learn more@batmanaumshadow.com T For team Batman. Shadow is only VR me. Quest three and three s offer valid on qualifying products purchase from September 25th, 2024 through April 30th, 2025. Terms apply.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for Career day and said he was a big row as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


Good. evening gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Magnifi Mark, Mrs. Nick's legs quits. Gambling wonders about the cruise and alleges Elon annihilated Antarctica. Funny, loving bomb has ornithological ballroom observations. Great big boy for renter ears and peas. Geometric shapes. Willful Wade toutes Viagra for Droopy Gore's big owl and out spider pig Scientific standing from fat sessions, two horny hogs. It's time for The Election Episode. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Welcome everyone to a very somber Distractible. A very serious Distractible. You know, when like a PBS show would come in And, it would not be the happy-Go-lucky music and you know, all the bright, colorful opening And. it would just be some guy sitting there. Hey listen, things are all exploding right now and well, we're here to just tell you it's okay in the scariest way possible. That's what I'm trying to do right here. It's working. 'cause yeah, the, I was like, man, only in the worst of events. Do I remember it being like that? This is the time three weeks later from when, the day that it is because we're so far ahead in our recordings because we're such efficient, efficient boys that we are on the pulse of the news and we here are with Distractible live election result discussion.


I voted Today. Wow. I did too. I'm just a show off. I Brought another shirt in case we didn't want to date the episode. No, we're dating. Oh Good. What a crazy election. It will be and was and is. Yeah. The results of which resound across all time. Even here in the future. Past. Isn't this just the future? Future? No, we're in the past of their future. We are in the past of our own future for their present. Ow. How did you hurt yourself? You're sitting at a Desk. I'm fine, don't worry. Okay, listen. My name is Mark Applier. Or maybe it's not anymore. I don't know who I'll be in this future.


Present coexistence that we have, the, the changes that we're gonna affect to the future will ripple. And this will be the only surviving message from a past that no longer exists. Because the future that you are listening to, this branched off from a causality effect that broke the universe. Wow. The only two surviving members of the human race along with me from this branch of the timeline are Bob and Wade. Is this like interstellar? Exactly like interstellar. Okay. No, I understand what's happening now then. Oh, It's really awkward that the knocking on the wall came during a fab session then. No, sorry.


Don't go. Don't, don't do it. I don't dunno if that joke will make the cut, but why Wouldn't it? Why wouldn't it make the cut? I don't Know. It's pretty, that's pretty raunchy. Even for me. This Is a selective show. Mark. What do you mean? Why wouldn't it Now Bob will sing a rendition of wet ass Pussy. Is that a song? And now Baltimore will sing a rendition of wet ass pussy. There's some hose in this house. There's some hose in this house. There's some hose in this house. Yeah, hose in the House. It's, it's important for us to say, I hope Baltimore has gotten his channel back by now. 'cause once again, finger on the pulse. This is very far in the future, but also it's right now Bald Mart apparently has been super hacked.


Which sucks. It's fixable though. As long as the right people start doing the right things. Well I sent a message 'cause I have a contact to YouTube and you know, he, he's very nice and he is very good. I'm trying to call him out or anything. I said like, Hey B Mart's channel's been hacked and also his Twitter. But you can't, you can't really do anything about that. And they're like, oh, okay, we'll, well we'll escalate it. All, right? He should be getting a, a reset email very soon. And I go, yeah, I think his email's been compromised guys. 'cause it's kind of Google and YouTube's the same email that you have for that thing. Yeah. Anyway, I think they're gonna fix that. Ignore the flashing lights on my face. What the fuck Mark? I think the rave is leaking in from behind the camera.


I'm remote stopping into three computers and they're installing things so they're ah, reboot system. It was done. Okay. That's Weird. You're still doing that in the future past. Look, I'm trying to save that preserve our timeline. The work that I'm doing right now is what keeps our psychic waveform preserved as they go forward into time. The signal de deni de de de de. Are you trying to say denigration or degradation? Yes, that's one. Yes. Degradation is what I was saying. The Deba system, The signal Dego. It's from Deba, it's Coming from the Dega bus system. Is is is accelerating or something?


I don't know. Pretend I said something good. Oh Yes it is true. Oh yeah. How are you guys in the future? Past Being that I know now that we are in the future past? It explains a lot why I feel the way that I do. 'cause I feel like I am was in the now then future. I'm tired and for no reason. 'cause the baby finally has, he's been sleeping really well. He put himself to bed last night for possibly the first time ever and woke up and put himself back to sleep. It's not that crazy for the baby of his age, but for our baby of our baby's age, he doesn't do that shit normally. So it's been, oh we have a bunny in the yard. You guys ever have a concerning bunny live in your yard?


We Have a couple different rabbits that live under like a tree Concerning bunny. It's concerning because we have a window in the, our stairs is cut into like two flights to go from the main floor to upstairs and there's a big window on the stairs, out the window. There's just a bunny laying out in the middle of our yard in the grass. Not hidden, not in a bush, not there's no hole or burrow or anything. She's just laying there and she doesn't move. But unless people go out there and get like go towards her, then she's all ah and runs away. But there's literally a little bunny shaped as print in our lawn. And so we were like Does she have, is there babies in there? No there's not. Is she injured? She seems fine.


She seems like she can go whenever she wants to. This bunny has just decided to live in the middle of the grass, in the middle of our yard in the wide open area. I don't understand why this is not a normal behavior as far as I can tell. It's just weird. So it's a concerning bunny 'cause it's like, what are you doing Bunny? Like why are you just watching staring at the house? I don't know. It's concerning. Maybe the bunny's looking at you and is like thinking the same thing. Like what the hell are you guys Doing? Hey, it's my house. I can do whatever I want just 'cause I like to run up and down the stairs naked at three in the morning. See if any of my neighbors notice doesn't mean it's her business. Do You do it until a neighbor notices? No, I just do it like every night at the same time to see if anyone ever says anything about it. It's an interesting game. 'cause I think even if they do notice, some of our neighbors are not likely to bring it up.


They'll just pretend it's not happening. But I'm curious which ones will say something. Do you ever like show off pictures of your house and they're just like accidentally like your thigh in one of them or something? I Wish but it's full. Full rear roll. Full back roll. What's the opposite of frontal backal? Back Shots. Somehow Your full null in your mirror reflection. Like you took the picture with the phone behind your head so you knew you'd be in the mirror, but it's just all, all Back. That's not even illegal. We've got a, this guy. Whoa, Is that some kind of bird? It's a tree. Yeah, it's like a hawk. It's A pigeon hawk. It is definitely a tree. Yeah. There's a tree but there's a bird. And that bird, I was outside with the dogs and I heard like something fall and I was like, damn squirrel's trying to kill us again.


And I looked up and that bird I think was taking a dump trying to see if it could hit Presley because Presley was like sniffing around right under then I like kept hearing noises and the bird was just like, like looked away. Whenever I looked up at it, I was like, oh you piece of shit. You're trying to shit on my dog. I'm sure. Yes, actually yeah. I'm pretty sure that that hawk and I are fighting now. Haw a win. But we're fighting now. You Guys ever seen the way that, I think it's peregrine falcons hunt, it's really mean. They, they dive bomb basically, right? They're very fast. They travel insanely fast. But one of the, one of the tactics they use in hunting is they dive at small creatures and they don't try and like hurt them necessarily or grab them. They just dive bob them and smack the shit out of 'em. And there's, if you look it up, there's all these clips of peregrine falcons going into like a super fast eye bomb and just like kicking a little bunny in the head or something and they try and stun them and so they basically just kicked the shit outta these little creatures until they're like so, so stunned and out of it that then they can go in and try and eat them or whatever they do.


But it's real mean. 'cause it kind of just looks like the falcon is just like, oh bitch ha I'm too fast. P like, they just fly in and out. It's like, man that's messed up. It's impressive. Like it's depressive how fast they go. But it's, it's, it's a little messed up. Yeah, I'm not seeing birds hunt like that. I think I saw a pelican with a fish once I saw seagull with a french fry. Ah, Classic seagull prey. Alright, who's got the most interesting bird with a food object? We got seagull with a french fry. I've seen a penguin with an electric guitar. Holy shit. Is that a food object? You Know that huge baby penguin? What's his name? Bunga? Yeah, bunga. He has, he has an electric guitar sometimes. I had a blue and gold macall holding a cat by the tail.


Was it flying The cat? No, it's a cat Dude. What kinda question is that? You're right, I have seen an ostrich with an emu on its back. Or maybe an emu with an ostrich on its back. I can never tell the difference. What were they eating? Was they like a drive through or something? I don't know. It looked like some donde script takeout pizza. That wasn't really the cool part. Weirdly enough, the the penguin with the guitar doesn't qualify it as food. It's very cool but not pertinent. And the imu on an ostrich or vice versa. Or maybe it was like, you know, an IMU on an ostrich doing like the thing where they're kind of back to back back and they keep flipping their legs over and over. It's a very banjo kazooie type relationship.


Yeah, It doesn't pertain to that. Wade did the Peregrine falcon or whatever it was Eat the Cat? No, they were both our pets. We used to have a blue and gold macall named Sydnee and our cat used to go try to attack it and Sydnee would like nip it the cat's tail and got it one time. Didn't cut it off thankfully. But it did. Like we used to hand feed her bananas too. I don't know. She would say banana. Banana and we'd just give her a banana. I saw this leggy blonde bird down three dry martinis at the bar. There's alcohol, food. Well that's the, you know, that's a, that's a question I'm not qualified to answer. The Bar was called the Pink Flamingo. How Leggy, how many legs? The correct number of legs. They just went all the way up legs up to the top of her top and face down to there face Down to there where She had face for days.


She has a midface that rivals even yours. You know the movie really cut me off at the pass. I gonna say my joke because Oh, the movie. Come on. I didn't even cut you Off. I was gonna say something about the movie Long Legs. I, I don't feel like it to long Legs. I was gonna say I ke I haven't seen the movie but I keep going. Daddy Mommy. I'm like me, Whatever else he says. I can't remember. Is that from that movie or do you just like to say that? Yeah, No that's, that's one of the big, that was in like the, I don't even know if it was in the trailer, but it's one of the things that Clips that got popular from the movie. 'cause that's, I've seen that a bunch also. Oh this Movie just came out this year. I was like, this must be some old movie I've never heard of Came out this last year.


It's Nicholas Cage. so I mean I've watched pretty much all of Nicholas Cage's, shocky Horrors. It's got an 86% on Rotten Tomatoes and 68% of people like this movie. It's well reviewed. But I think from what I've heard, it's not really the most enjoyable. It's kinda one this movie where you go like, oh I dunno, but I haven't seen it Daddy, Mommy I make me, I don't know what your last words are but it sounds like a baked beans. I didn't know either. Unmake me is what he says. Oh, I had to see captions because it's literally said I make me. Well that was D Mommy. I like baked beans. Un baked beans. It be a whole other movie if it was about baked beans. Gotta go to the bathroom.


A make tea First. Direction A make D. Oh Fred's popping over for a spot of chat and ketchup. A make tea. Hey, do I need to cook this pie at home? A bank freeze. Oh God, I drank my icy too fast. A Bank freeze. Nicholas cages in this movie A make freeze. That makes sense. No, no it didn't but it was still funny. Somehow Long legs in Sequoia National Park.


Big trees Trying to be hit with the kids. OMG. He's reaching for a Tissue box. A make sneeze. I can't tell this is funny or not. Blood on the leg. A scraped knee dumbest joke that we've left the hardest at in a while. Finish at a restaurant. My check please. Oh, I pulled, I'm old. I am doing good. My render farm is rendering. It's very powerful And. it takes a lot of electricity. You're In the future now, so maybe it takes less, No more.


But you got your solar all fixed probably, right? I didn't, I bought a 30 foot pole but then I hesitated or I didn't hesitate. I didn't hesitate at all. That's the wrong word. Forget I said that word. I underestimated how unwieldy a 30 foot pole is. 'cause when you had extended all 30 feet, it's not only extremely heavy at that mechanical dis leverage disadvantage, but also the, the, the pole itself just goes just droops all the way everywhere. And so it's really easy to whack it on things. And you know, solar panels aren't exactly the most, they've got Things to help with droopy pulse. What? Viagra not sponsoring I don't think.


You don't think? I don't know. It's the future man who knows. You know, mark, I'm surprised that this episode three weeks in the future, you're talking about the big day today being the election. But for you, there's a bigger reason. Today's a big day. NFL Trade Deadline Sports podcaster. Oh, oh yeah. The Bengals made a trade already at least one. Which they never do. They Get rid of t No, they acquired a running back from Chicago for a seventh round pick. That Doesn't sound like a thing that we need, but okay. You know, the offense has really been struggling, so they thought they would boost it up and say screw that defense. We really kept been having a hell of a time establishing our run game except for last game.


I mean, to be fair as it gets the Raiders, but, But hey, lots of content from that NFL trade deadline. I'll bet you're, you got a lot out there. I sure did, but I don't like to talk about all of my massive, massive sports bettings, which are massive and I do all the time quote me on this for sure. Don't please. I I disavow that past I'm changed. I'm a new man. I apologize for my former behavior. This was a big in like three seconds. Look, The timelines are converging. They're going love To gamble. Don't do it anymore. Never did forgive me for what I did. I moved on. I'm better now. I'm going back in. I'm done. Look, it's, it's the, I live a rollercoaster of emotions so that I can average out a perfectly boring life that's so I.


I go for that average. But today, you know who's not going for that average? Oh man, three weeks from now. Ooh, Al Gore. What was The question? It was more of a rhetorical thing. I was trying to like do a terrible segue of, you know, who's not going for that average. But Al Gore is the current contending answer for that. Bob, do you have a competing answer for that? Bunga The penguin who plays electric guitar. You're, he is way above average. He's not, he's not going for average. We got Longus the penguin. You got it. Nailed It. So we all know the results of what happened. We know the, the country that we're living in right now.


We know what it is except we don't. So whatever we say in this episode is not true unless it is. And then it's sadly ironic looking back on anything that we say. So take this episode with a grain of salt. It is not gonna be a serious political discussion in any way. We hope you vote Ted. Who's Ted? I didn't vote for Ted. No, No. Ted Cruz. Oh, I All. right. Here's the over and under. Oh. Voted Ted you just said voted Ted in a weird way. Why did you not think I said Voted Ted, I hope you vote. I can Never tell if you're doing a bit or if you're actually just honestly confused anymore.


Well, he, the Way he said vote Ted was like the, the emphasis was so, so wrong. I hope you vote Ted. Do you think, do you think we still have Ted Cruz? Do you think he's still with Us? I didn't know he was up for election in Ohio. No, I'm just, I'm just, I'm so curious because I've heard, I've heard that nobody likes him. I Mean, it's hard to imagine why anyone would like him Even in Congress. I don't know if this is true or not. It might have just been a comedian's joke, but it's like even his own party members, even worst enemies will hide in rooms when they know he is coming down the hall. And I don't know if that's just a presence thing or an odor thing or just like, he'll start talking at you and that's bad enough.


We start Spreading rumors. I already smells real bad. I do. You know what, at this point We're in a separate timeline. I've disavowed everything at the beginning of this. We are immune from any criticism because of the disclaimer I made earlier in this episode. so I think that we can say whatever we want. Ted Cruz is probably a little stinky. I, I don't know. Bob, do you hear a lot about him? I don't hear a lot about him, myself here. I mean, I hear a bit about Ted Cruz. He's, he's pretty covered nationally. I I always just like to imagine that people don't want to talk to him because they know he's about to start telling them more stories about his most recent trip to Cancun. Wait, do you know about that? Is That a joke? 'cause his last name's Cruz. No. Oh, he's the Cancun guy.


I remember that story. Yeah. Yeah. I just, anytime anything happens, that's what he does. Right. And this, he's been busy. so I just imagine that his colleagues on the hill are just like, God, I don't need to hear another story about how pale he was on the beach on his jet ski. Oh, just hiding here. Ah, in the cloak room. The cloak room. Eh, The cloak room is a place. It's not a good hiding place. 'cause there's a, it's a cloak room for each side of the aisle, I think in the outside the chambers. But is It where they hang cloaks or is this like the lion the witch in the wardrobe type cloak. Cloak got the White House sponsorship. Oh Wow. Hey, congrats. They go in there and there's just a bunch of cloak merch on the walls. President comes out and like the faf cloak combo look, The government contracts are where the money is.


That's where you really, really want. I, I heard that Mitch McConnell's been trying to talk you guys up about a McConnell Palpatine crossover art thing. But it's really hard to get the licensing for that sort of thing. It's great though for the snipers in the US military. They're hidden in plain sight. I know, right? It's a huge advantage. The military branch of cloak will, when the secrets come out about that it will bury me. But, and for now I am enjoying the, the, the rewards of these contracts. They are lucrative, but yes. Okay, so was it, or was it not crazy that Elon immediately activated his starlink orbital laser network and wiped Which country Do I say?


I dunno man. This is your bit. Who do you want to take off the map? Mark? I thought you were gonna say it's gonna wipe out the offices of the NLRB or something. What's the NLRB? The National Labor Relations Board. The people who, who get you in trouble if you like, treat your employees like they're indentured servants and you know, that sort of thing. Yeah. And then impregnate the other half. Whoops, I don't know what's happening anymore. All. right. So I, he activated or laser and wiped the Antarctica off the map to fight global warming. Oh. It Was a cold move. I turned Antarctica into a bunch of crushed ice. Thus lowering the global temperature by a few degrees.


Like the kind that fishes has. Like vanilla coke. Exactly. This is Unrelated. A bunch of fishes are closing in Cincinnati and I'm really sad about it. Buy 'em. Did you see there's a big pile of the big boy statues that's just like locked up behind a gate somewhere. So a small group of people were like, we should get these things released and set 'em up around town. Like the flying pig statues. I'd rather have the restaurants back myself. I, I ironically enjoy fish. I That's a good restaurant. They Go, okay wait, I'm, look, I'm Googling the big boy pile. Oh I did. Wow. I, it was exactly what I said. They're Not in a pile. Statue graveyard is a more apt description of it. I dunno. Why is that circled? What, why is there a red circle in top?


Because that the 10 man's dick is also in there. Oh No. They were like, Hey, we should get these big boy sta. Hey, that looks like a penis. We should get these big boy tattoos outta here. It's, yeah, it's not a pile, but definitely one tipped over. I mean they're a, they're a little piy. As much as you could pile something like this. It's a, it's a pile ish. I, you know, I'm surprised there hasn't been a horror game about this particular mascot because I've always thought even when I was a kid that this statue was terrifying. No, I feel that because It's like a child holding a giant hamburger. So like not only is a kid is huge, but that burger is even is too big for that child who is getting that burger? There's so many questions that I have that are unanswered.


And also, why do they have the greatest soup and salad bar? They do have a pretty good one. I like their fish meal too. There Are still some of them, they're not all gone. They're just dying. Look at that one on the ground. Sleeping with a cheeseburger, pillow, foot kicking out to make sure no one comes in to disturb. He's just laying there or holding the gate shut, keeping their privacy. And is it just me or is like if you're looking at the circle and you're facing it to the bottom right, is that one in the back especially scary? Oh yeah. Oh That one. Oh yeah. The one where all you could see is some of the face, That one's somehow scarier than the rest. It Doesn't have eyebrows is the problem. Maybe That's why. Yeah. So if you were in a horror game, it would be like 90% of these are not moving actual statue.


That's the real one. That's the real one that's gonna come after you when you turn your back. If Somebody makes a fish's big boy horror game and we play it, can we save the Fris franchise? so I can get the, do they have the best vanilla coke on the planet? It makes the Coca-Cola Vanilla Coke cans look like Garbage isn't it? 'cause they just make it like you're supposed to like the old school way where they just put grill vanilla in it. I don't Know. But they have like the crushed ice that floats on the top of the cup. They have the fun cups to hold and the, I don't know their coke. It's like people about how good McDonald's coke is. I think Frisch's vanilla coke is better than that by far. Interesting fun fact. So Frisch's uses those red Coca-Cola cups. Right? That's like the one of the sort of like restaurant standards.


Yeah. That has like the Ripley outside texture. You can buy those. That is a patented design. You can buy those red restaurant grade cups online. I didn't know this, but apparently the plastic, they make those out of, 'cause they're very thin plastic cups. So it seems like they're just like not that special. Apparently that plastic is a very relatively high insulation rating. Even though it's a thin plastic cup. It actually does keep your drink colder longer because it's an, it's a special kind of insulating plastic stuff. I don't know what you're talking about. I know what you're talking about. Share it. I don't want to. It's like those red cups that like a lot of restaurants use. It's a specific kind of thing.


It's a patented design. Yeah. Yeah. They kind of look like the old school police siren. Red things but upside down and you drink out of it Like a cup. Anyway, I didn't mean to distract us from this important three week old stuff, but I wanted to talk about fishes. I don't even remember what we were talking about. No, hold on. I was, I had a point to make Ted Cruz stinky. This Is so like a niche Ohio problem. I guess the rest of the viewers and listeners don't really care about my fishes woes. But man Big boy is in other places. I don't know if they're closing elsewhere or not. But they being evicted, I think. I think they were. I think they were being evicted is what it was Evicted. Why Big boy clothes? Why Big boy clothes? Oh, they were facing eviction because they failed to pay millions in rent.


Well that sounds less unfair with all of the context, but I Forget what I was gonna say. But, but it was very important. I think the timelines are starting to get disassociated. Okay. Do you think that blasting Antarctica off the face of the earth was the right move? Genius move. I mean it may have been if Al Gore wasn't there saying I invented the internet right as it happened, trying to save the one Antarctic in tree. You Know, this is what I always wonder because I know that's a joke and I believe that he probably said that. Did he actually say that though? Because I start to question everything I've ever heard. Because the internet nowadays, you can actually like get video, but also like in the near future with like AI manipulated videos, it's gonna be even harder. Back then when that happened, you just had to wait till the news cycle would play it again.


It's not like you had it like the original time he said it, boy I like had a stroke. What? Who said what? Al Gore saying he invented the internet. Oh, it's such a meme. It's a meme but it's like, I don't even know. It's a tragedy that Antarctica had to get blasted into cubed ice. But just think about all of the cute penguins floating around on chunks of said ice. There's a whole new tourist industry of boat cruises through penguin ice flows. That's true. So like you used to have to venture onto the continent. Now it's just penguins stranded in the middle of the ocean all over. Oh, that's cute. Do you want to hear Gore's quote? Absolutely.


I'll be offering my vision when my campaign begins. It'll be comprehensive and sweeping and I hope that it will be compelling enough to draw people toward it. I feel that it will be, but it will emerge from my dialogue with the American people. I've traveled to every part of this country during the last six years. During my service in the United States Congress. I took the initiative and creating the internet. I took the initiative and moving forward a whole range of initiatives that have proven to be important to our country's economic growth and environmental protection and improvements in our educational system. So his sentence was, or his part of his quote was, I took the initiative in creating the internet. Hmm. So I'm assuming what he actually meant was like he helped pass some bill or something. Can we have internet? Yes. I'm not saying that Al Gore is the perfect person in the world, but I know nothing about him other than that quote. You don't know anything else about him?


He ran for president. He did. There's probably more to that story, but he did run for president. That's All we need to know anyway. And he didn't win question mark, didn't he though? That's where that quote comes from. A gore in a bush are worth two on the ballot. Have you ever seen Al Gore and George Bush in the same place at the same time? Yes. No, I mean, no, sorry. Sorry. I misread the tone. Well there is one right answer and one of you said, and I'll write down who? Yeah, Antarctica. That sucks. They had probably a few people, animals and ice. Melty ice probably. Oh man, I hear the water flowing. What? What the fuck was That?


I think Wade might be suffering a little bit of decline. I've really gone over the hill in the last three weeks. Here, I'll pose it to you this way Wade. If you had a button to activate the starlink laser orbital barrage network and they were all pointed at Antarctica right now, would you press that button? No. Antarctica has done nothing wrong to me. Now if it was aimed at Pittsburgh. Okay, if it was aimed at Pittsburgh, No, that's too close, man, that would scare me. are you crazy All? right? How far away Does it need to be? Does it not matter what place it Is? You're you're equal opportunity Orbital Bombardier. You know what? I feel like Jupiter gets a pretty good rap and everyone ignores poor Saturn. So like I name it at Jupiter.


Just fuck Jupiter. Dude. Everyone ignores poor Saturn. I'm sorry. Saturn is probably one of the only planets in our solar system that if you showed a picture of it with zero context to almost anyone including elementary school children, they would be able to name it. Because it's the one with the big rings around it. Yeah. It doesn't get the love it Deserve. No, you were just saying Jupiter doesn't get the love it deserves. No, No. Jupiter gets too much praise. Guys, I solved the Saturn hexagon. What I is that solved the Saturn hexagon Three weeks ago or now, three, Four weeks ago Then now time is speeding up. Tell us Mark, Quickly, quickly, All right, so in the bottom of Saturn at the top, it doesn't really matter in space, but in one of the poles there's literally a hexagon.


And this is not an exaggeration, it is hexagonal in shape, right on the pole. It is a hexagon. Like a prism or just a drawing of one or the, yeah, Someone drew a hexagon. No, it's, it's a hexagon. God Drew it on there as a prank and he's still getting people with it. They won't have telescopes for thousands of years, but they'll, they'll get this once they see it. Oh, There's a straw hole in the middle. You could just pop a straw and drink Saturn. Why? Just 'cause it's a hexagon. It's kind of a Baja blast color. Do you think it tastes like a Baja? I hope that's not the color of the Baja blast that you've been drinking. I explained the cognitive decline. What are you drinking bottles of Baja Blast from 2009.


It's not good, man. I didn't see an expiration date. It wore Off. So there's a hexagon, right? I was doing dishes, right? And so one of the things I do if I'm making I brown meat for pasta takes a bit to clean it. so I like to soak it. You're into soaking. Got It. so I set the pan flat on the counter, right? Because I wanted to fill it up and I set it in a place where I could just angle the faucet and blast it in, but I could blast it in from the side, right? so I was blasting in an angle. 'cause I was like, I'll put soap in there as it's filling. It'll spin around in there and it'll do some, it'll mix it up. Do maybe a little light bit of washing so it'll make it easier for me to clean later. Right? As it was spinning it, it was moving, obviously the, the water inside and the suds were mixing up, right?


And because of the angle that it was hitting And, it was spinning the water inside the way the suds and the water separated in the pan perfectly round pan formed a hexagon. Not joking. Not lying. I didn't take a picture of it because I was just like, oh, that's interesting. And then I realized like where I had seen something like this before, the spinning of this pot with a just force of something coming in this way in a circular pan created a hexagon by the separation of the soap bubbles and the water inside. Legitimately just like that one in Saturn, I solved it. I want My Nobel prize. The hexagon is just God doing dishes. It's him Peeing at an angle into Saturn.


And. it just And it. He pays like I pee. You also pee hexagons. No, remember when I was cutting things in half? That was a last episode or something? No, I was with Wade. I was thinking the exact same thing. Just comes outta his hexagon. Watch. I can do a bunch, I can do a star Like, like Gandalf with the blowing smoke ships, but it's my pee. Hey, you guys wanna see a monkey that could dance? I gotta hop around a little. You guys wanna see a whale come up and take a breath and it's blowhole. It's two dimensional, but you'll, you get it? Don't you have to explain the solution to get a Nobel Prize? Or do you just have to figure? Yeah, I just Explained it.


It's soap and water. Bob, what didn't you get? Well, what was cooked on Saturn that made it need soap and water in it? That's the real deep question. I told You. Meat Beef, brown beef, brown beef. I browned a lot of beef. You never seen those spaced cows, man, you need a whole plant to cook one of them. It's true. You laugh, but it's true. Almost no one was laughing. No one was Laughing. You don't laugh. But it's true. Oh, come on. That was funny. Nah, no, no, no. Nah. No. Not about this one. I don't know if this episode's salvageable. Mark, we have the answers. Don't worry. Let's keep delving All. Right? Let's delve a little deeper. Covered Elon and Al Gore so far, What do you think of at the next UN meeting where they, they proved Simpson's, right?


Once again where Russian representative pushed the button and flipped his sign from Russia back to Soviet Union. Do you remember that? That was crazy. I've seen that. I Saw the one where Homer Drake p what? An episode. That was a great one. It's been like 20 years since I've seen a Simpsons episode. What kind of beer was it? Man? Oh, duff. Whoa. Have you seen the image of the, there's a flash forward episode where Lisa becomes president and she's wearing an exact outfit down to like the jewelry and everything that looks like a, there's a picture of Kamala wearing the exact same purple blazer. And Well, clearly she saw the episode and then was like, well I gotta dress up like this Dude. What if people are doing that, Trying to make the Simpsons things come true?


Like what If Trump, Trump saw the Simpsons episode and was like, oh yeah, They go to the debate and they're wearing the same Lisa Simpson outfit. Dude, I built a golden escalator. Why is, why would that not be perfect for such an announcement? You Remember how many debates they do after the election? I can't wait for those. Well, it's easy to debate when it's, you know, it's lower stakes everyone's in when it doesn't really matter. I I, you know, honestly, truly, I don't think that that wouldn't happen because I could see some kind of, you know, person on staff that would look at that and be like, Hey, someone will make this connection. It'll get traction. Someone will share it And it will gain traction and people will make the comparison. People will be talking about it and then people are talking about you.


And then that'll help promote the message. Because everyone knows it's a meme like, like Simpson's predicting it, but it's like, you know, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy at some point be because people want it to happen. You know what I mean? So are you working on breeding a spider and pig? It was just a regular pig, wasn't it? It was a regular pig and a Spider-Man outfit. Well it was on the ceiling. I Homer was holding it like that. I don't want No, No, you look up picture. Picture. I will Photoshop out Homer and make him right. I will make him right. Just like everything that we're saying right now. These predictions, they will be made. Right? Does Spider Pig make his webs internally like Toby McGuire or is he more like an Andrew Garfield, Tom Holland where he has to have web shooters where he mixes them up and it's like a, a thing that attached to his wrist.


I feel like hooves make it tough to use beakers to make the web solutions. So it's probably gotta be real internal. This is gonna be a real test here guys. I'm about to put a question forward to you guys. This is related to what we were just talking about about pigs. Why Bacon? Sorry, sorry, sorry. Finish your question. Why do I, and I'm going to assume and hope that you guys, well I don't know if I should hope that you guys know this. Why do I know that pigs have 30 minute orgasms? And why do you guys also know that You saw that episode of Black Mirror where the guy fucked one. I forgot about that. I've only seen like two episodes of Black Mirror and I think that was one.


Me too. I couldn't, I got it by Phil. I haven't seen any. What is that show about? I thought it was about cell phones. What the fuck? I haven't seen any. I thought it was about scary cell phones. Oh, Sorry. Spoilers, Man. The choose Your own adventure Blackberry episode. Real funky. Did you get the pig in? Did did you fuck the pig or did you go to that tica? I couldn't decide. I still hung, I paused it. I, I just, I was, I was really, 'cause the web shooter thing made me think of that and I'm like, why do I know that? I'm gonna be honest. That sounds like a fact that I would know. I've never heard that before. Is it just female picks that have 30 minute work? 'cause what is, I Hope the male doesn't, He's gonna be dehydrated.


He is gonna need IV fluids if he is going for 30 minutes. It's gotta be probably both because I think it's only cows that go to in and out the pigs. They last long. It was a bad beef joke. Yes. Insert sh LaBuff clapping in the auditorium meme. You know, it was funny in my head that the moment it started to come outta my mouth I was like, it's not funny. Don't too late. I'm giving you a standing ovation point, but I didn't Sitting ovation, sitting ovation. You get the sitting ovation. Yeah. Standing desk ovation. So the conclusion is web shooters for pigs Internal, I guess. I don't know. I didn't know that fact about pigs. I don't know why you know that. And I think that's weird. Yeah. Where'd you learn that bud? I'm trying to understand where I would've learned it.


Is it true? Is it even true? I don't want to google this. No, You're just trying to trick us into Googling things I see would happen. Why, why did autocorrect wanna make it? Do pigs have 30 minute oranges? It's really unfortunate that the thing I Googled right before this was where can I find some pigs? Yes, A domestic pig's orgasm can last an average of 30 minutes, but it can be as long as 90 minutes. 90. This makes the pig the mammal with the longest orgasm. Why damn 90? Who's got that kind of time? I mean, pigs don't have anything going on. What are they gotta get back to? Rooting around in the dirt. I Just feel like wouldn't that expose you to threats? Well, these are domesticated pigs. Maybe they're not incapacitated.


Maybe that's a walking around orgasm, a Walking around orgasm. Can you imagine trying to have like a conversation afterward? Like, that was great, but you have to wait 90 minutes And it, stop screaming. The kids are at the petting zoo in the distance. You just hear a pig fucking squealing its head off and the farmer's like, oh, just ignore her. Betsy's kind of a slut. Let's go look at the goats 90 minutes later. Alright, who wants to pet a pig? No. Does Betsy have a cigarette? And you didn't confirm Whether it was just the females have 90 minute orgasms or if the, the males and if pigs are also species where the male dies immediately after mating.


I didn't suspect it, but it's probable The female pigs actually consume the male pigs. That's how you get quant. You know the scene is scary movie. The sex scene? Yes. The one with the bats and the mowing. The bats. The Oh, the bats. I forgot about the bats. Yeah. And the, the hedge trimmers. But It's like in that scene they did this. I'm sure I haven't looked up the scene in a bit, but I'm sure incredible. VFX of the guy, just like all of his muscles. Just like, and like he just turns into like a, a, a skeleton right then and there. I imagine that's what happens to the pig. I want to expunge this episode from the roster. I like it. I think we're having fun. Good Thing this timeline got obliterated. I realize now it happened because I I expunged the universe that we're currently in.


Does That mean if this, whenever this episode ends that we're gone. We're gone? Yeah. Well I feel like we should stretch it out a little bit. Let's watch a full length video of a pig orgasm and see what that looks like. Apparently boars, not pigs, domesticated pigs here, but boars, the male boars take five to eight minutes to ejaculate to complete their ejaculations. It's measured in minutes, not seconds. God man. Isn't that average? Yeah. Why did you grimace? What are you imagining in there? Wait, you were like, isn't that average? And Wade was like, yeah, I'm just thinking that's that's a big mess. That's a lot of mess. If you're spraying and prayed for minutes, that's a hell of a cleanup.


I've had long, Long trips to the bathroom that have been shorter than that. I've had long ejaculations, real long ones. Listen, we're all in the midst of, I believe when this episode's coming out. It's still, no, not November. It's right towards the end. This is The, Election Episode. I've looked up pig ejaculation three Times. Why? Specifically that term. Why, Why that term? You I went dude, I I found the, the 30 minutes I was like All, right? We gotta dive deeper. We gotta ask chat GBT this. That's really who we gotta ask. That's that's, that's The, oh no, I'll get my, I'll get my chat.


GBT account pan. Don't worry. I'm working on it. What were you say about no nut November? We failed. We just passed. How are you guys doing? How are you holding strong? I'm about to have a three hour December, if you know what I mean. The shortest December, it's gonna Be over for you. After three hours the clock strikes midnight. We're gonna paint the town white. I love, I love that that poem. My favorite one. Say the rest. Rose is a red, red. Violets are blue. I'm coming. I'll get back to you. All, right? I'm I I'm gonna give you points so you can stop All, right? I'll take it. You get the stop point Man. This is really an episode that I'm gonna regret having said when my family members and in-laws and friends, don't Worry this timeline is expunged.


We don't exist anymore. Can we not air this till after the holidays so that way I don't have to address family face to face. I hope This is the one they put on for everyone to listen to. My cousin is such a good, this is this like the Black Friday episode. Everyone's off work for the holiday in America. You have Thanksgiving. They wake up and they're like, All, right? We got Friday off. Let's go shop and listen to my favorite podcast. I have so many regrets about this episode, man. We get that Walmart deal and they play it over the speaker. Attention. Walmart shoppers pig ejaculation lasts 30 minutes. You remember during the cringe episode we talked about play it, we'll play it on the whole house so the family can listen.


This is a new one of those episodes. This will be part of the cringe episode if it that were to happen. No, this isn't cringe. This is informative. I'm informed. That Is interesting. I'm, I didn't know that. I still wanna know why exactly. You knew that. Why? Yeah. I don't know why I know that. Yeah, Let's flip this back on Mark. This is your knowledge. But my other question is, is that the record For mammals? It seems to be, I've googled enough, one of you two searched that one man. For Anything, For anything. My search said mammals, which could imply there's some kind of bacteria out there that is fucking, No, there there Are, there are birds Also. There's other species besides mammals that do the sex.


Forgot about the fish and the birds insects. All, right? I think it depends. I think it depends on how exactly you define it. Because what I'm seeing is octopi can take up to four hours to transfer the sperm from the male to the female. But it's not a four hour orgasm. It's Not four hours of Dude with eight legs. Think about the foot rub and back massage. You have to give to convince the octopi. Anyway, No, we're not segueing out this one. We're staying on this topic. So Al Gore, We're giving people the election coverage they deserve.


Apparently rattlesnakes have been recorded 23 hours and 15 minutes. But again, that's not like an orgasm the whole time. If that's more like, yeah, They also take three days to swallow. This is great. This is great man. How is your election? Hey, your head's the same color as your shirt. That's impressive. We need to come up with a term like the opposite of hawk Tua. What's the swallow noise that we can, we can coin If You can figure it out. You get a podcast deal. Gulp, he did It. He figured it out. He dropped a swallow noise. It's like discovering the Higgs bows on it does exist.


Gulp Take away everything he ever had. Okay. Delete him. Okay, so this has been quite an election. We have all voted, we've done our civil duty and this has been a a a time did not expect dark Brandon to rip open the fabric of reality atop Capitol Hill. Aliens visiting finally was really underwhelming. Thought it would be more exciting. And then, you know, the the predicted false vacuum collapse that is rapidly approaching us at light speed is going to be really, really, really interesting.


And huh? Yes, we, we, we Is that why the piggy went wee wee wee all the way home? It Sure is Bob. It sure is man, that That rhyme goes a different way. Whenever you think of that, Did you know, oh well this is dark. Like there's kids listening to this. How, wait, at what age did we all discover and or realize that the piggies that went to the market were not just going for a nice shopping trip? Now what do you mean? What do you mean? Well, I just put that out there. Why would a piggy go to market to Buy food?


No, they get food from the farmer and I'm pretty sure the farmer's the one who brought them to the market. And I just think all the way through why exactly a farmer might bring a pig with them. Okay, this little piggy went to market but this little piggy stayed home. Sure, the lucky one. But Where did the third pig go if it's going wee wee wee all the way home. That's the market pig, right? Didn't the third little piggy like eat wheaties or something? I'm not gonna lie, I had never thought that deeply about it. And this is the first time I realize now that you're saying it, that that that piggy did go to market for reasons that I did not. The rhyme should go this, the first little piggy was slaughtered.


The second little piggy was spared just the third little piggy killed an ate a cow 'cause he was left alone on the farm. And the fourth little piggy had an orgasm for 49 minutes. That's a weird rhyme, man. It's all part of that. That Book All right? Cool. I'm gonna wrap it up here. I thought that was the title of the, it's all part of that kits book. All. right? Cool. So this is the farm All, right Here's the day. I love that book. Betsy's kind of a slut. It was more than likely butchered and sold off to a market. That's my toe. My big toe is the little piggy that went to market. Alright, You wanna know that the the standings?


Yes. Say wade first. That'll make me feel better. He got a point for shit bird. He got a point for It's a cat dude. Still funny. I don't remember that one. A point for don't laugh. I don't know why I wrote that, but it was either to tell you to stop laughing or don't laugh in a certain way. I don't know. Don't laugh. I gave you a sitting ovation point. Just one. Even though I did it twice. I gave you the stop point and then three days to swallow, which in my head reads a lot like you have seven days to die. The porn parody of the ring, the poor parody three days to swallow. You're gonna swallow in three days. I'm Not gonna lie, Bob, I, I probably should have wrote down a lot more points for you because you had quite a few zingers.


But I've got a concerning bunny which still, I still don't know why the bunny's so concerning. It's Concerning. I Gave you the baked beans points because that spurned the jokes. They're like I said, I probably should have wrote some more bangers from there. The baked bean, you know that stuff, but you know That entire bit. I get credit for that. Bunga the penguin. You got a point for that same bush, different gore and then Betsy's kind of a slut. That was the last point I earned just a while ago. Well, I know. Yeah, but I mean that's what I mean. I probably should have wrote down more, but I didn't. I Think I should have had some more, I had some great zingers in there. Alright Then you both are underwhelmed, but Wade, you got six. Bob, you got five. Damn. I'm happy with my points. That's, that's shocking to me.


I can't believe it that you're suddenly happy with what's happening here. I honestly think I probably should have given Bob a lot more points. Well thank God We don't have a way to challenge for that. I'm gonna give my winter speech, right? I I'm gonna be a hundred percent honest. I know that I can throw the red challenge flag. I don't remember what that triggers a vote. A vote in the subreddit. But don't I have to challenge a specific point? What do I just be like, I challenge that I get four more points if You guys ever think that I paid attention to any of these rules. You got another thing coming. I think You can just present your argument if you, if you wanna say that on the the sub, you can, but they have to vote. You know, yes or no fitting for election night to have a vote. But they'll be very confused As To the contents of the episode that they're voting for.


So in This episode, we talked about how long Pigs can orgasm a lot. It's the election night episode, by the way. Anyway, Bob demands a recounts on election Tuesday for an episode that comes out in three weeks. So there you have it. Whatever you have. There you have it, Wade. Congratulations. What's your speech? That's it. He got it. He is got the gulp Tua. He'll be premiering his new podcast. Gulp Gulp today starring Wade Gulp. Tua. I hardly know All, right? Bob, we lose your speech. Hey, your head's the same color as your shirt again. Yes, It's, that's really impressive. Is that why you wear shirts that color so much?


So I could be in disguise. I'm hiding in plain sight. I think we all know that. I didn't lose today, but also, honestly, I just don't care enough to throw the red flag. I'm done with the sub reddi. I don't go in there, I don't talk to them anymore. They burnt this bridge and they know what they did. so I don't wanna force myself to have to go do anything there for any reason. So for that reason, I do not challenge this obvious injustice. And if anyone feels badly that I should have won and I didn't, it's the subreddits fault. You do gotta be careful over there. You better not complain too much. They'll get you, you Better not say anything. You stick your head up. They'll bite it off. They're like a praying mantis. They'll fuck you in then they'll eat you.


You imagine a pig bit off another pig's head after orgasming Be pretty metal. Would you rather have, let's not say 90, let's say 30, 30 minute orgasms or, Or no change I guess, Or Negative 30 minute Orgasms. Expound. Answer That question. I don't think I want a 30 minute orgasm, but I definitely don't. Whatever. Whatever inverse orgasm is, I don't want that. You hoover up everyone else's orgasm in a vicinity around you. We would all be like SpongeBob when you had the anchor arms just like walking around 30 minute orgasms. Man, our little legs are never gonna touch the ground again.


Oh God, No. Yeah, I guess I've taken the 30 minute orgasm on that one. All, right? He's got the 30 minute orgasm. That means Wade gets the other one. Ha. Wait, you gotta hoover up everyone's orgasm for 30 minutes. Go. Oh, it's not going in there. Oh, All. right. Well, thank you everybody for listening to this horrible episode. All of our sponsors have left. Our podcast is in shambles, but this is why I am deleting us from reality. This is a containerized version of ourselves that never, technically, never existed, and never will exist. It's a reality completely separate from yours.


It's literally horrible universal death on a galactic scale of which we cannot possibly imagine. All life in this universe is now going to cease to exist in an instant blink of an eye. It could happen to you, but it's not right now. I only regret not being able to release Iron lung in this universe. It was gonna be way better than the one in yours. It Was really good. Well, I saw an old version, but it was very good. Can this be our time capsule episode? If we ever bury an episode in the dirt for future generations find, can it be this episode, We're gonna etch this into a titanium record and send it into space so the aliens will know what they're dealing with. 30 minute Orgasms. We gotta go. The Beatles Blackbird George Bush's speech from the deck of the aircraft carrier to mission accomplished.


And this podcast episode, aliens will know not to fuck with us. All. right? Thank you, foo. Follow the podcast In your timeline for more, much better episodes than this. Ah, and we have been Mark, I ply my sker and Lord Minion. Eight. Eight. Eight. Checking out. That was the only difference between the Universes. Literally only differences. Podcast out At least I'm not nine to 7, 8 9. Ah.