
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny Drinks root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, there you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode well built Wade Butt sucks. As the gens go to Imagination Land, to design the perfect dormers beta Bob drills the wrong holes and his inconvenient disability rears its head mistrustful. Mark has good girth in his slot, seizes up, squatting, and gets into his fog. From callbacks of callbacks to beating Rogan. Ha. It's time for Theater Of The Mind. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show With no context or some context.


Tyler, Hey man, how are you? No contest. Tyler. There is porn podcast. Go. My favorite porn team. Well, no, you don't Go. Come my favorite porn star. Oh yeah. No, that's correct. That's, that's It. Wow. Give yourself some points, man. All, right? You know what? I think I will. Oh yeah. Hey everyone. Welcome back to the podcast. This might be the intro. You might have seen some other stuff. I have no idea. I'll leave that up to the, the Gods that be that edit this. They Are Gods Welcome to the show. That's apparently a goddamn disaster when I host it. Where if one of us host the other two compete for points today, I'm the host. These two are competing for points. Whoever has the most points at the end wins and hosts the next one. Do you think There's everybody, somebody that's like new to the podcast just clicking on it?


And if we didn't explain exactly how this work, they would be any differently confused than if we did? They're a hundred percent are people who, who, who have that experience? Yes. I actually just put Tyler on the points sheet. so I guess Tyler can earn points today. Okay, well If Tyler wins, he has to come most. I guess I also just put me instead of Bob. Bob, you're at the bottom of the points sheet. I'm sorry. Wow, man. I guess we all know where we stand now. Good Lord. I'm gonna give you a sad point for this. Oh, I'm so sad. I'm just drowning in the reality of my life. Wait, Remember when you did this joke and I'm Sad? No. Did I do that? Be bald. You said bald though. But I'm, I'm making it about the sad.


Right? So it's a callback. Actually, me doing this bit right now is a callback to when you did this exact bit. Whenever you tell a joke, And, it doesn't land. It's True. I, okay, I do remember that happening 'cause I have, it's frequently, Somehow it feels both like you're on Wade's team and you're mocking him. Well, Yeah, I'm playing both sides. so I, I always come out on top. Imagine how it feels to be us. Wade. We don't even get to be on your team. We're just On this side of it. I'm always on my own team I think. No, no, I don't think so. Remember back in the early days when you were like, yeah, take points away from me. Yeah, I wanna lose. Remember when you wanted to lose? I was kind of hoping I'd lose the last one because I didn't have an idea for today. But I came up with the best idea. But we'll get to that later. According to my notes here, which I don't have, we do small talk first.


We do, don't we? How is small for you guys? How's it Been? You know how it'd be every day. Another failure. Every day I rise, grind, fall flat on my ass. This render farm is never happening. I swear to God, everything I've tried, I I fuck you not, it is not going good. Oh, I thought I knew computers. I've assembled three different computers. Lemme just say don't buy cheap shit on eBay. Half of it doesn't fucking work. Oh no, you Don't have any support. You don't have any backup. You can't return it 'cause it's coming from a city I can't even pronounce. And then late the latest adventure was in my adventures with water cooling.


Right? I've never built a water cooled computer with a custom loop before. But I was like, Hey, I went to engineering school, I can do this. And I, I set up everything. I made sure that I actually got parts that I could verify, like accounts still on eBay, still discounted. But there was like someone I could communicate with and I got parts and then I sourced all of my water cooling stuff from a company that's actually here in LA who was very helpful. I asked for a lot of advice and they gave me guidance and I put it all together and I turned it on and I started filling the reservoir with liquid. And I am, I go through two bottles and I'm like, wow. The guy only said I need one. This is a thirsty machine.


No. And when I get through the second bottle, this pump just keeps chugging this liquid. I'm like, damn, it's going. And then I finally noticed it's a clear liquid. so I know, it's so dense with components that I didn't notice. The entire bottom of the case is swimming in the fluid. Somewhere in the loop there was a catastrophic leak. And, it was just gushing. So it would go through the pump poosh out. You, it never occurred to you that at no point did it start coming in the return to the reservoir. You didn't, you know, now that I'm thinking about that, it should have been obvious.


But I never built one before. so I was like, wow, this is crazy. So you doubled the amount It recommended you were just, man, this is thirsty. That was your Thought. I don't know the server right now. I took all the electrical components out of it besides the power supply. I just so happened to grab the power supply that was makes a clicking sound with the fan. Like, I don't know what kind of trailer all of my shit fell off of that I bought Don't buy discount shit on eBay. It's not worth it. It's not going to be worth it. It won't, you'll it's so many nightmares. I've wasted so much money, I should just trust this company because holy shit.


Well I just gave you points for the drowned farm also for listeners out there. He pointed to his shirt that says Stagger Dynamics. Yes. Stagger Dynamics. Oh, you like the listeners now. And, and what's what sucks also is like I've been, I've been doing this. I I run into all these little problems. So this is actually a 40 90. He's Holding a 40 90. It's a 40 90 graphics card that I have unmounted from its previous cooler and put this nice thin one slot cooler. Right? It's one slot. That's what it's, it says there's only one. It'll looks A little wide. It's no, it's one slot. This son of a bitch is not one slot by two millimeters.


It was all, everyone said this was a one slot cooler. The company that made it then came out with another for this exact board, the reference board that this is a more expensive one that is actually one slot. And I contacted them and I said, Hey, is this available? And they said, yes, but you have to order a minimum of a hundred. Jesus Christ A hundred. I Said, oh, I didn't respond. I haven't responded. How expensive are these? If I may ask? The 40 90 themselves are fairly expensive. So this is, I I mean the one slot One, the one slot thing I got for this thing was a hundred and I believe 60 plus tax and something like that.


So 160 bucks for the cooling block itself. But if you know a 40 90, it goes from a three slot card down to one. And I was like that. Which would Be awesome. Yeah, It would be awesome if it fucking did the thing that it set you Well. If you buy a hundred of 'em, it will, You're right. I sure Will. The solution is to buy more stuff, mark then the new stuff you buy will work probably. And if it doesn't then you could just go buy other new stuff and that'll be the stuff that works. And it's like all of this is an attempt to save money. Everything I've done is an attempt to save money. I have lost so much money. Well, I haven't lost it.


Right. Because I could sell this again and that's fine. It's just work to do that. The the other computers that all crashed at once, Dell also extremely unhelpful. And then the episode that where I talked about came out suddenly they wanted to help so badly and I'm just like, ah, Mm, interesting. Whatever guys. I don't, Hey, you can't have eggs without breaking a few eggs. Yeah. So I can technically sell this and this is still useful to, to people. It's still useful to me. Like it, it, it's still like, okay, you can put this in a loop. This still works fine. I Yeah, that's a normal 40 90, right? That's not like a, like a workstation one or something weird where it won't, won't do video games or give normal computer shit Perfectly normal 40 90. And and actually I could probably sell it for more than I, I paid for it because I've modified it in a way that's valuable.


Yeah. With the water block. That's actually pretty sweet. Well, Just so you know, anybody if I sell it, it's not one slot. Only if your slot's two millimeters too thin like mark slots. Right? Why don't you get girth or slots And you got the wrong slots, mark, why Don't you just increase the gap A little bit. I'll just trench my motherboard out a Little. I have small talk that matches the vibes of Mark's infinite failures. This is actually old, but your story reminded me of this Mark. I thought I would be really cool and hang a medicine cabinet in, in this house that we moved into not long ago. And I, 'cause I was like, I know how that works. How hard can it be? I'll, I'll start with the, with the conclusion, which is it took me four attempts to get this thing on the wall permanently.


And there are seven holes in the wall that don't need to be there. And no, that is an odd number. Which is weird. You're right. One of those is a completely extra erroneous hole. But, so it took me a month and a half and four separate attempts and going back to the hardware store. So it's not the same pain, but like I feel the pain. But I will say, and God, I hope Mandy never listens to this. I finally got what I needed. I got some heavy duty anchors and I got the thing up there and I got a laser level. I got it all night. It's like perfectly level. And then I did all this after a month and a half of trying and failing and then putting it aside. I did it all. I got the last screw in and I got that satisfying, you know when you do the drill and it's all y and it's like, that means it's in, it starts clicking away and I stepped back and it's not centered over the toilet and not by a lot, but when you step back and look at it by enough where your eye is immediately like, oh and no, I'm not taking it back off the wall to make four additional holes, two inches to the left.


We just permanently have an off-center medicine cabinet. So maybe, maybe that's where you're headed. Mark. Maybe you're in the middle of the process right now. And in a month and a half's time, you'll have an off-center render farm in your garage. The worst part about it is I didn't build it on a table like a smart person. I built it on the floor. And this isn't a problem of the setup, it's a problem for my back. I, I was on the floor, you know, just like squatted down on my heels, just working on this hunched over for seven hours. And only when I was so frustrated, And, it failed. I stood up and we went to a fourth July party afterwards and, and I literally couldn't stand at the party.


I was just weirdly sitting. Everyone was standing around like talking and I was just looking up to everybody like, hey, crawling around like smle at the party was, I I've never felt older I than that moment. Not my finest hour, not my finest time. Not my finest decisions. Anyone want to buy some you slightly soggy server equipment? Look, you put it in the biggest bag of rice I've ever heard of and it'll be fine in a little while. Well, I have a signed point. I I think, I think our previous episode with all the talk of the gru hour salts was very optimistic given that this is the state of things. Yeah, It did go downhill fast. We thought you were grooving.


I was Assuming you were close to polishing things up. You talking about cooling solutions and all kinds of stuff. I don't have a single working computer. Not once. So what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna, I I've sent all of the computer equipment to Steiger, not all of it, but a lot of it, I've sent it to Steiger Dynamics and be like, please parse through this. Tell me what's working, what's not. See if you can build something out of what I have. Oh, You just send them a giant like box and just like help written on the side. Don't open dead inside. Well, I mean it's, it's they should they, I should've known because they said that they didn't do custom loops anymore because they are unreliable and they end up getting a lot more returns from doing that. And I was like, ah, but I could do it.


Fucking, fucking waste two, two liters of cooling fluid in a a server and liquid's not supposed to be in there. I'm gonna try immersion cooling next though. That'll work out really good for me. Yeah, No you already did. You just didn't quite do it on purpose. Now you just need to aim for that. And you're halfway there. Yeah, Just get your Epsom salts and you'll be good.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited talking and text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, Goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details


Any more? Small talk, Bob, where I am load us in. James is counting. Now he could count the numbers one, two, and five, but he does them correctly. If you count 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, he'll be all 1, 2, 5. So he knows. Wow. He really does. He's just working on, he's working on getting the other ones in there in the mouth. Situation. Can't quite do a, a three and a four. Those are tough. It's getting closer though. Three, I could see being tough. Four seems like it'd be the same as five to me. Listen, you wouldn't understand how toddlers work and it's a, Well, actually of the three of us, he might understand the most how toddlers actually function and think it's True.


That's true. Or five or oh maybe it's a oh, Ours are hard Too. 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. It's a really hard number. Are we on teaching Wade? How to say numbers now? Is This what they call unschooling? One, two, five. I enjoy that. Give yourself some points. I'm giving myself a point for Don't forget about Tyler. Give him some points. Give Tyler points for knowing how to count to five. What happens If Tyler wins this? It Sounds like Tyler's problem, He's not winning right now, but like he's not far off the lead. I have a new goal. Beat Tyler. Or make Tyler win. Make Tyler win. I'm gonna have a really hard time at the end of this reading and saying what some of these points were For if only you were in control of your handwriting.


Well my pen is also dying. so I, keep having to write over my handwriting. It's gotten bad. Not a valid excuse. Nope. It's you. It's your handwriting. Well it's an US problem now because today's episode is all about the listeners. We are opening up a theater. You guys want theaters? We're having a theater. A Theater, Of, The Mind. Where we are going to build the Distractible dream house all in our mind. We already found the Distractible Dream house. It was on Zillow, it was in Cincinnati. It had like 12 acres. It was crazy. Well, I don't remember that. I'm getting older so we're making one.


You Stole this idea from Distractible in 2022. That house sold. It's no longer available now we gotta build our own. You don't know that. Hey lemme look. You don't remember which house it was. I saw toss this out there. This sounds like a really tough episode for anyone who might have a Fantasia Great Disney movie If anyone might have that. Not that we may have talked about that at any point. Well, don't worry. They can watch our hand movements while not watching. 'cause this is a listener episode. Got it. Okay man, I, I can't, I got, listen, I'm I, I show something that's bad. I designed something in my mind. Just, just, just, I don't know. Think. Have confidence in yourself man.


What did, what are you Walk around your house and just pretend you're in the room. I'm talking about, I don't know. Okay. All. right. Okay. All. right. We're we're gonna think with our minds. Google a driveway or something. We, we'll we'll go through this. You guys have homework. If you have a Fantasia, I'll just add more steps. Listen, We've just established this pattern. Wade doesn't care about the fans. Whether you're a viewer, whether you're a listener, he don't care about you. Yeah, this is about me. Are we just talking around it or do you actually forget that I have that. I forget that a lot. Yeah. It's hard for me to imagine having that Me same but more for me. It's harder for me to imagine anything. So I'm, I'm way ahead of you on that one. Alright. This is the episode where I eat my own foot a lot.


I'm just gonna be ready for that I suppose. Wait, so wait, wait, wait. Let's talk. Let's talk shop for a second though. You know, we're just giving you shit 'cause that's the bit, right? Yeah. This is a good episode idea. The Last one was too, I love Theater. Of. The, Mind. Yeah. Don't back down. Don't let us push you off your game. Oh, We are doing this. We are doing this. Where's The weight I get so frustrated with because he doesn't listen and just continues on. 'cause he knows he is right. Well Mark was looking up the house that we were supposed to have. Apparently. Did you find I couldn't be. It was on sale. It was sold long ago. Yeah, there's nothing told You it was sold. So we gotta build our own. Ah, build Our own Bob, you're not gonna do it. You're just gonna leave me in the lurch there. We were all doing it and you just make me look like I'm mocking him. I wasn't. I'm stuck Over here.


Try to imagine what a house looks like in my brain. I'm Gonna go with the assumption that you guys aren't mocking me at all today. And it's all just adding and I'm just gonna accept that you're all contributing. No, I Wasn't. I wouldn't unless that's getting me points. I've not marked any more downs in small talk yet. We Have to build our Own, build our own All. right? You guys get, build our own points. Where do we start? Do we start with the outside? Like how much land do we need? What's the mailbox look like? Type of driveway, state. Where is this house? It. doesn it matter where Climate and stuff. Like are we living? Are we living at this house? Is that the idea? Or are we going to this house to do to do the podcast? I'm not living with you guys because If we are intended to live at the house I have, I would like it to not be too far from my family.


Yeah, I'm not, I'm not moving out to move in with you guys. Okay, So this is just work house. This is work house. I mean Mark can live there I guess. Well then what's The point of it being a house? Why can't it be a work-like movie theater? No, you know what? You know what they have a lot of in Ohio that we should invest in Empty warehouse space. Newly constructed, never used but empty warehouse space. That's most, that's 80% of what Ohio's made up of I think as far as I can tell. How cheap are they? Like 10, 10, 15 bucks. I love the idea of a big empty warehouse. I've always wanted one. LA you know it's hard to get a big empty warehouse. So if you Want space, Ohio's mostly space. How much is a big empty warehouse? Six, $7 at least.


I mean that would be cheaper than a big house with housing. Houses are tough houses need to have stuff. Big empty warehouse. But we think In Midwest climate, like temperate climate, we don't wanna be like in the Arctic. The ocean mountains desert. Definitely not Arctic or ocean climate. Whatever Ocean climate is. Yeah. What is ocean climate? Is that, Is that like underwater base? Yeah, it's like an underwater base in the middle of the ocean, which I think Mark would hate. I don't know if I'm into that. I mean It sounds kind of cool as long as you're sure that it's not gonna break. Yeah, Well I don't know if you get to be that sure that it's not gonna break. I mean we'll buy some cheap parts from Amazon. It'll be really? Yeah. Bought these glass tubes from China on, on eBay. Well I mean what if we made it get outta carbon fiber?


It'll be fine. Whoa. These Tubes just keep taking more and more water. I keep pouring it in and there's still space. Don't know why. Right. Look it it, it's one of those things where you're doing it and in the moment you wouldn't think you're, you're filling it. Hey, I'm Not mocking you. I'm with you. I see you. Yeah. You know I did mock you but I'm also with you. 'cause I've definitely done that with something in my life before. It wasn't a water cooling loop, but it was something. And the liquid was elsewhere. When I was young I thought I was a magician 'cause I had a cup with a hole in it and I just watched it disappear. I Picked Cincinnati. I picked Cincinnati. Cincinnati's a great place for a, for a business. It is. It is.


It is. It's not great for a business necessarily. Who knows? I don't know. That's how But it's it's it's gonna survive the coming apocalypse. Yeah. Nobody's gonna bomb Cincinnati. What's, there's nothing here. It's not even the, about the bombing. But in terms of like climate, they say that the Midwest is gonna run through any oceans rising, changing weather patterns. The Midwest near the Great Lakes are gonna be a real stability and Zombies go to Florida. So that kind of apocalypse could also be safe. Yes, Absolutely. Yep. And Cincinnati, yes. It's not big enough really to be a giant target and it's spread out enough that they would have to cover it with a lot of nukes and therefore most likely you're gonna be fine as long as you're on the outskirts. Plus what meteor's gonna hit Cincinnati? No meteor's going cool.


Cool places. Miami, London. Oh Yeah. London. London for sure. Only if they name us a meteor Chicago. That'd be the only one. Barona. Oh. Oh not Barcelona. That's 'cause it's like one of the coolest places I've ever been. Bar he, I've never been, but I know it's cool. Not bar Helena. I've been twice It's dope. Smoke a cigar on the roof of a hotel. 'cause I'm cool. Holy Shit. You didn't even know the lives I've lived. You know, it's still problematic. Is that smoking is still cool. I watched the bike riders and you know, that's just like all of them. Smoking cigarettes and riding motorcycles. That's the whole movie. Motorcycle. Okay. I thought it was just like kids on bicycles with cigarettes.


Yeah, The Tour de France. Those guys smoke a lot of cigarettes. It it's a good movie but it's just like, it just reminds me 'cause it's every character there is like, you know, a motorcycle riding cool guy. And the main character is basically the reincarnation of James Dean or whatever his name is. Jimmy Dean's Pure Pork sausage. What's his name? Jim James. Dean. James Dean. Yeah. James Dean is an actor that smoked And it's just like, man, why is smoking gotta be cool? Why is it gotta be cool? Even growing up like as a kid, those candy cigarettes like had the little ah, So cool. Why is it cool? Why is it cool? Because it's, you know, I mean there's probably people out there who are more disgusted by it than they think it's cool. It's Fun to suck on something.


Is that it? Is that the thing? I think so. I suck on a lot of stuff that's not nearly as cool. Feeling as smoking is. I've tried to convince every girl I've ever been with it's fun to suck on something and she's like, yeah, well you suck and then leave. And she's right. I lift candy cigarettes, man, I'll suck on those all day. But like, I even, I think they're cool. And also I wouldn't do it still because of dying and not wanting to do that. But why is it still cool then? Like I don't, 'cause I I agree, but I don't know why. I don't know why either. So we're, are we gonna have smoking in our dream house? Smokeless smoking just sticks to suck on. Well no, they, because Vaping's so uncool. Oh no, no. Not vaping.


Not vaping at all for any reason. Just sticks that look like little cigarettes to just be like, Oh, so it's the gum. It is the gum. Candy, cigarette. Yeah. Lots of candy cigarettes. It's gotta be a humidor. It's gotta be a humidor of candy. Cigarettes. A gas, a gas stationed wall of candy, cigarettes and candy. Chewing tobacco with a, oh, you can go to the gas station and be like, gimme two packs of reds. What If, what if they do? They have, is there an equivalent of the, the what's the, the, the, the packets. The packets of pure nicotine. The, What are those called? S snus. Snus. It's called a bag of sugar Zis. Nowadays zis don't do any of this. Anyone listening, What you do is you, you go to Bob Evans and you get the little sugar packets and you roll it up and you just tuck that in.


Eventually the paper will dissolve away and you'll start getting that hit of sugar in your gums. Oh he is right. He is right. Or you Get a fruit roll up, put some sugar in it, roll it up. Get the white packets though, or else you'll stain in your Cs. Whatever color the packet is. It's gotta be white packets. Not too much dye in there. We Need like a spittoon. Is that what they're called? Okay. So that's an important part of our house. I think that's Literally the first thing we've got is Cincinnati and candy cigarettes. Is that like the entryway? Is the candy cigarette stop so you can get your cigs before you go hang out? Maybe. Yeah, we gotta be cool before we get together. You walk in, you put on a leather jacket, we have a leather jacket rack. The candy cigarette rack, and then you get to enter plenty Of motorcycle parking.


It's gotta have tons. It's like a 12 motorcycle garage. You know what I mean? The whole place is open enough where you can ride a little mini motorcycle around in your leather jacket with your candy cigarettes. That's how you go from room to Room. Okay. This sounds hor That actually is moving past cool and into horrifying. I don't know why, but that's terrifying to me. Kind of like the shining, like the little tricycle thing. Yeah. I don't, I don't know about that. Okay. What about a bathroom? Does it have a bathroom? Yeah, I think we each get our own bathroom. Both so that it can be what you want, but also so that you can get some privacy. I don't want a bathroom that Wade can stand outside of and listen to me while I do my business on my own private area. Mark, do you disagree with private bathrooms?


Why are you so hung up on? What? Do you got a problem with bathrooms? I don't know. It Just seems boring. It is the perfect house. This is the perfect house. The perfect Distractible house. I think that in the podcast booths, we have a astronaut style urinal that suctions you love sucking Wade. Imagine you had a suction tube. That sucks right? When you're doing the podcast. So like a butt suck? No. Well I mean, yeah, but okay. It's like a, it's a big diaper looking thing that clams, it's like an, you know the alien things that grab your face and alien a dick Hugger. It's like that. But for your crotch. Wham. Oh yeah, the crotch hunger. Don't mind the legs.


Yeah, yeah, it's fine. Maybe the chair is, oh, I'm not in a chair right now. I'm doing the superior standing desk, which I don't know if you guys have noticed, but for weeks and weeks now I've been standing. You're So much better than me. I am so much better. So much better. All, right? So we can have standing toilets in the podcast room, the astronaut style toilets that really suck it out to you so you make sure you're fully empty before we start doing jokes. What, what is the rest of the podcast room? It's like an amphitheater type place or is this, is this more like cozy? Is it, is there zero gravity here? What? Whoa. Is that an option? What setting are we funniest in? We have astronaut toilets. I feel, I feel like I would be really funny in zero gravity just because Are we describing a space station right now?


Is this the Distractible Space Station studio? Whoa. I mean that would be pretty cool if we had an orbital, an orbital house that would be in Cincinnati Once a week. We just gotta take our rockets up to the station to get our recording session in. Hey Elon, fire up the star shift. Hey Jeff, you going up today? I, yeah, we got some, we gotta do a couple ad reads. Last minute thing. I Like space station. Well we'd have to live there. We couldn't commute. We could not commute. I, you know what they're mad at Taylor Swift for doing the plane thing. Imagine how, what our greenhouse effect would be. We Open up with a fuck the environment campaign. So we set the expectation low.


Assume in this future space elevator has been invented. We have a space elevator, the base of which is in Cincinnati that can take us up to a near zero gravity environment up in geosynchronous orbit. So that it's not the greenhouse gas, the burning, the fuel situation. Not so much And. it could be probably, it could be solar powered. Imagine how much solar energy you could get from an array in space above the atmosphere and then just pipe that down through the space elevator setup. Probably very efficient. It'd Be really awful If the elevator breaks down where like halfway to the space station. How long would it take a fireman to get up there to get us out? That's a long ladder. Yeah, you just gotta like pry, pry the door open and there's a ladder on the outside.


You are gotta climb up or down either way. That's a long climb. Yeah. Oh, If it's down, you can do like firefighters do where you put your hands on the outside and you like slide down real fast. You just catch yourself before you hit the bottom. I have a question and this is more of a physics question. If there's a space elevator and are things at the top of it, right? Yes. If say for example, the strand was to break or the tower was to break, would we come crashing to earth or go flying off into space? Because I mean theoretically it's in geosynchronous orbit because of being attached. so I feel like it should stay, it would stay where it was but slowly degrade more than likely. I see.


I'm not sure because if it's a tether then equal and opposite reaction. It's maintaining where it is because there's a balance of force is going that way. But if suddenly the force that's, you know, keeping it there or this one pulling it back to earth goes away, then it's only that and therefore it's in the moment it's momentum with I feel like that's not how that would work though. You wouldn't wanna have it intention, you would want the elevator to be more like a loose floating C like an artery uhoh. Bye. Like if I have it, it wouldn't matter if it's this or earth. And if I were to just Wait, are you supposed to be describing this for listeners? Yeah. Okay. Mark is standing and swinging a cable as if he's trying to lasso you into his love circle.


If you Spin it and then you let go, It falls right back to earth. Yes, that's what we've been saying. It really, It goes straight down guys. I didn't explain It falls. It falls right back to earth. I think you answered your own question. Yeah. Mark spun his lasso of love. It dropped to earth and now he's back. Yeah. Okay. Oh my car key looking for This, that mark found a car key. That doesn't seem like a good place for that bud. I'm gonna be honest. That's a confusing location for that to end up. I have Been looking for that for a very long time. So It was Literally in your walking path to your desk? No, no, I was pulling the cable back out from it. It was on the floor. so I pulled it with my foot away so I wouldn't step on it and then my car key came spilling out from wherever it was hiding.


Where could It hide on your floor? Look man, don't ask about my floor. I was just assembling. He is got two liters of of liquid cooling liquid down there. He's got, he's Splashing his way to his desk. Park is holding up empty bottles of what was previously fluid. Is that the computer that's filled with water? Is that the one that's all filled with liquid? No, No, that that's, that's a one of the alien wears. Where's The wet one? It's outside. It's being Punished, chained up by the tree until it behaves. Mark finished putting the second leader in and noticed and was like, oh yeah, oh yeah. And ran care, picked it up, ran out to the pool, hucked it in the pool and just started screaming.


How about now? are you cool? Are you still thirsty? Computer drowned while he watched bark, bark bark. I sounded angry. Mark took off his headphones and is now leaving to investigate a strange noise. He's looking around kind of John Travolta style through his door coming back, smile on his face, just describing what's going on for the listeners. What's happening. You solve your mystery. Yeah, They're, they're barking at the door Man. I'm glad we learned that. All right? Barking at the door. Inspector Cruso over here really piecing it together. We heard dogs barking. What happened? They were barking. Okay, so we've got space cigarettes. So are we going with space station elevator?


If it's a space elevator then yeah, sure. How long is the elevator ride? Eight seconds. Eight seconds. Whatever physics Superman uses to catch Lois Lane as she's falling at terminal velocity and he flies in there at the speed of sound or light or whatever fast. Is that same physics applies to our elevator. Okay. And I'm gonna ask that GPT something, how fast would you be moving if you were able to go from, from C level to geo geosynchronous orbit In eight seconds? You'd be going 4,473,250 meters per second.


Or 2,780 miles per second. Really? That's not what my AI got it. All my AI says you'd have to reach a speed of 7,800 meters per second or about 20,000 kilometers per hour or 17 and a half thousand miles per Hour. Wait it might be wrong about, because this is Chachi pt. I was just hoping it would be funny. No, wait, no actually that is accurate. Wait, how far, how how high did it say yours was? I just said to reach orbit. So it doesn't actually have like an orbital orbital height. Yeah, orbit's different than geosynchronous orbit. Geosynchronous orbit is 35,786 kilometers according to the European Space Agency.


And then you just do divided by seconds, you get the meters per second. So you know. Oh no, I got the same answer actually. You're correct. Oh Cool. Okay. That'd be 10 million miles an hour. Which if you think about it, yeah, that's, I mean you're going, you're going 22,000 miles in the sky in eight seconds. I was pretty fast. So we need seat belts and airbags. Sorry, I just realized what this actually is is you're going about 2% the speed of light if you made it there in eight seconds. So you Know that's, there's a lot of, that's very slow. There's a lot of, But in, in it's totally possible. Well that's also, that's also the average speed. 'cause there has to be some acceleration in there.


So that would mean that the top speed would probably be much higher than that. Or the middle six seconds of this experience. The top speed would be probably 10% or more of speed of light. So your acceleration is on average 559,000 meters per second squared. The G four is 57,000 Gs. How much can a human usually take? Would be okay. 10 they pass out, you know, May Yeah, maybe 10, 12 is a passing out. Yeah, So we likely need some pillows. Pillows, seat belts, Vomit bags. So Just, so just to put in comparison, 57,000 GS of acceleration would be equivalent to standing on the surface of a neutron star, which I've heard is not recommended.


Okay. But what if you remove like the atmosphere and gravity from the inside of the elevator, then you wouldn't feel it. Well you trust me, you're not gonna feel a thing when this bad boy launches, But if you jump as it takes off, Yeah, no, yeah, it's an elevator. Right? So you just have to use the tricks. Oh man. All. right. Anyway, Wait, I think he deserve points for that one. Actually give Tyler your points. Okay. Oh, okay. All, right. So a neutron star is actually far above what this is, but the surface gravity of the sun, you know, is it's about 28 times that of earth. I have a good, I have a good context.


I'm gonna contextualize this for you, mark. I have a better one. The Falcon nine rocket. Okay. This is the rocket that SpaceX launches, right? Yeah. There are, I believe there are nine Merlin engines on the bottom of this. Are They manned or unmanned? It's the booster that lands itself where it lands back on the ground upright. It's that one, right? It's the SpaceX booster. To generate that approximately that amount of Gs in acceleration, you would need 35,404 Falcon nine rockets all firing at once. Creating your acceleration. Well we're gonna make this like a hybrid or electric so we don't use gas. Oh yeah. Those electric thrust generating engines. Well, Magnets are pretty strong.


I don't know how many neodymium magnets, Oh you wanna turn this bad boy into a rail gun? Oh yeah, now we're talking, It's a, it's a human rail gun. I mean hey whatever. Whatever scrambles the eggs. I think it's fine. Nope. Oh, the AI wants me to know that this is physically impossible because 35,000 Falcon nine rockets don't exist. And also it would be infeasible to attach them all together. I've played kbo space program. You can fit 35,000 Bucket Together. Hey if you got the computer that can run the sim, you can absolutely kid 'em all together. Whenever I get my render farm up here, I'm gonna play the craziest game of K anybody's ever seen.


No, you, What you need to do is get that up and then just give Scott Manley some time on it so you could see what he could do. 'cause I would love to see that. Not no, no shade to your skills and knowledge, but I just feel like Scott Manley probably knows some more. What Do you mean I've got such a good record of my things working. Everything works in time. Alright. Internet connection Wade. It's got bitch and internet. Yeah. Okay. It's gotta have the fastest internet. I think there was recently a record broken fastest internet. There Was. I saw that. I saw that. You Know, if we're ever like struggling for money, I wonder if we could just like sell our point pad auction off our point pads. are you Struggling for money? You okay man? I Don't know. I mean, if we're gonna buy this house we might be. Alright. So apparently 319 terabits per second was achieved in Japan back in January.


So you have to divide it by eight to get their terabytes. I think I saw a news article that was like at that speed you could download all of like balder's gate three in milliseconds. Like you could download, you know, relatively large games in literally immeasurably short time spans. That was The old record. Now it's 402 Terabits per second Hot diggity, Which equates to I believe 50 terabytes per second. So we gotta have that or faster. Okay. How much does that cost on like a monthly plan? Let Me pull up the Comcast website. Have a look Here. Yeah, I guess if we did a ratio of, you know, if an internet connection for one one gigabit, this Is where selling our point boards might be necessary.


'cause I don't know if we can afford 50 ParaBit. So 402 times a thousand would be, that's 400, 2000 gigabits per second. A gigabit connection if it's cheap, probably costs what, 80 bucks a month? Six. Yeah, I was gonna say 60 to a hundred depending where you live. Alright, let's Say they gotta go up to the space station. Let's say it's 80. So times 80 bucks. That's 32 million. $160,000 a month. A month in the internet. Bill, How much is our rocket gonna cost? Take us up and down. It's not a rocket, it's an elevator. How Much is the electric bill to launch that fast? Solar Panels, man. The solar, we got solar panel array in space at the, on the top of the station and Mark can go up and use a special mop to clean them.


Yeah, I will. Absolutely. A hundred percent. I'm just picturing an astronaut in like sandals with a mop on a solar panel Mark in space. Amy back at home. Mark out there on the solar panel just like I Help. Okay, so we got internet, cigarettes, space station, elevator. Cincinnati Space is a premium in, in in space. So how big do we want to go with this? I think, I think a modest space station is nothing to to scoff at. Be like 400 square foot house in space. How many square feet is the ISS? Oh actually that's pretty big. A livable surface area of of over 500, 5,000 square feet is the ISS.


That's pretty cool. Comparable to a six bedroom house. Includes seven sleeping births, two bathrooms a gym. Okay. So yeah, so modest. So yeah, like they're going To be decommissioning it. It'll probably be on sale 'cause they're just gonna throw it in the ocean. Is that gonna come up on like one of those option sites? Like where the where the, where the movie theater was? I think so. I Think so. I think Absolutely. So they're Foreclosing the i Decom Fancy space words. Okay. They're decommissioning. Okay. Well and and if you know it's old so I bet we could get a good deal on it. Okay. I mean why not? That sort of puts, it dashes the hopes of the space elevator type situation. But It could probably be attached. I mean that kind of limits. It's not in a geosynchronous orbit.


Is it modular? Can we like, oh It's very modular. I think it's pretty much fully expanded, but it's, it is very modular. Can we just buy more modules like the sims and just like add a room, Bring some rebi tools up there. We'll just like tear down a wall. Sledgehammer down a Rebi space Day. No, I, I've always wanted to do, you know, do sort of a bathroom remodel type thing. How hard can that be? I don't think it's very hard, but then again, I don't think very hard about the problem. Maybe Steiger will help. We'll get some Steiger assistance. How Hard is it to get a few hundred pounds of tiles up into a space station? Oh Well if it, What if we want like mahogany floors or something nice, you know, like, I mean at the internet speed we could probably beam them up.


Oh That's True. We can download tile. You Wouldn't download a tile, would you? I want to get into metal 3D printing. That's gotta be easy to get into, right? What if we just print an elevator? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We're gonna start recording in the ISS after they decommission it. We'll Save a lot of money. What Do we need to do? Even it's, it is already, it's already there. It's made, it exists. We could, we can basically just, we don't have to put in any work here. This, this, you know, it is what it is. Bring some posters. Maybe make it home. Home it up a little Recording equipment. They have, they have stuff up there. Haven't you seen they do like broadcasts from the ISS and stuff. Never watched any of it. You've never watched anything from the ISS. It's not very interesting to watch humans in space doing things or demonstrating scientific principles.


So you, you're in, you're right, I Was talking to Mark or I was talking to you. I watched Chris Hadfield do a space oddity in space. That's basically like, then you Have watched something That's literally, actually he was on the ISS when he did that. Yes. Oh Hey I saw that. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Tornado witch kind. Okay. Watch my phone just in front of me popped up with a like you know it does the alert And. it was like, yeah, yeah. I got the text from Molly a few minutes ago. My, I've not got the alert yet. Which is kind of terrifying. The weather, the National Weather Service has issued a tornado. W that's an important w which it could go two very different ways. I still get confused as to which is which I'm like warning.


Is that the better one or the worst one? Whoa. They have issued a tornado Whoopsies All. right. Look, I'm, I'm looking at the weather map for you guys man. You got something coming your way. That's big. Yeah. Bob just got warned about it's old news man. I already done note. Yeah. You ever look at the radar 'cause woo, that's gonna get spicy. Well that is like a across the entire country storm looking situation And its prediction for later is dastardly. Well That'll be fun. I wonder what kind of w it will be in a few hours. It's okay. It's only like an eight or nine hour warning or watch.


Which one's the better one? It's a watch, which is the better one. Well good luck with that In space you won't have to deal with weather so that's pretty nice. Let's look at Mark's weather. Let's see what you got going on. Whole lot of nothing. That's what we got going on. Not a cloud in the sky. Great for solar. If It was plugged into something, your solar panels are up there just like, oh god. Yeah. Oh I hope he is putting this to good use. Oh yeah. Well I might have someone that's able to at least consult on Thursday so hopefully very soon here. That'll be exciting. I'll Be so excited. I think Is that our, is that our house? We're just the ISS. Did we solve it?


We're just gonna to start doing the show from the International Space Station. Think Of how our listens will go up. Can you imagine the kind of response a show like ours would get recorded in space for no apparent reason. The kind of ire that would draw from just people in general. Take that Seth Rogan or Seth Rogan specifically. Seth Rogan. Fuck you. You and your podcast. When you said it again I was like, yeah that's the right name. What's he, what's he laughing about? I brain, I was like don't say Seth Rogan. Seth Rogan. You know we were ahead of that guy in the charts for a minute. That's True. We twice. Those Were the days. Well when we're on the International Space Station, I think we will once again be the top dog.


Well let me, lemme go through points here. I suppose we, we solved our, our house for just the International Space Station. Let's start with me. I got points for Faux, which is four Steiger, 3D print. But I gave them all to Tyler. We'll move to Tyler. He got a jump some points and then Wade points, Tyler is sitting at six points. That's more than I would've Thought I gave you. Kept telling me to give myself points. so I did, but then you made me give 'em all to Tyler. so I had four points and those all went to Tyler. So Mark, you got points for it doesn't say our cheddar, but that's what it looks like. I wrote. That's probably it. Render fail getting older. The drowned farm. Steiger bathroom.


Sin spelled CIN Face hugger. But crotch, it wraps around bark at door. Rebi space days is correct. 402 Terabits per second. And bitching internet, you are sitting at 13 point. That's A lot of points. Bob, you got points for medicine man, sad. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Cincinnati. Candy cigarettes, podcast room, space station, lots of rockets. ISS go fast. Tornado. Oh no. And then I wrote build by your name. So maybe you got a build point.


You are sitting at 13 points. You guys are tied and Tyler's at six points. That's a lot Of points for someone out here. Weight's really trying to put on a one man show, I think. Is that what A tie does? When you tie happens organically? The wheel is triggered. What about Tyler's points? Should those go to one of you to get Save Me not to save your ass. Nope. Should one of the, should your points all go to Tyler? So Tyler has to Host. So now the wheel is 8%, one man show and then what? 46 and 46. Is that the deal? Oh yep, That's it. I guess let's figure out who wins this episode. Oh, All.


right? Fine. Hey, The next time it becomes a 10% chance. Is that right? That's Correct. This is the world we created for ourselves. Oh God. Does it reset at the end of a season or something? No resets when it gets hit. I don't like that. That happened twice in a row. I should have just made an arbitrary point you guys would've never known. Yeah, it's almost like you have exact specific control over who gets how many points. And you can choose whether or not it does end at a tie. I Wanted Tyler to win. You could have also made that happen. Well I didn't As usual. I have proven that I am the best and that's why I won. 'cause I'm the best in general. No caveats. I'm the best at everything, period. Congratulations To me, mark, lose your speech.


I wanna say that this was incredibly fair and balanced, but at the same time I feel like the prejudice against the watchers needs to be noted. There was no visual aids. Here's one. I can't read that either way. I think the judging was fair. I think the host is very fair, but I think that there is an air of bias and the smells are gonna be the ones that detect it. Great. Well you guys can smell us at our respective social medias market. Market player. Bob Meiser me at Minion ten seven Award means 7 7 7. You can smell our merch if you buy it, I guess. And you would do that at Distractible store.com. That's D-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E-S-T-O-R e.com.


And stay tuned for the next one where Bob will host because fate has declared him the best of us, not fate. Skill Mastery Expertise Podcast, Adam.