
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime. Whatever you're into makes it even better. I like to randomly pick up hobbies. So does Mark Wade doesn't do much, but whatever Mark or I picks up a new hobby, you need it now. And it comes. Comes with Prime video and Amazon music because Prime makes it better. Or streaming to shopping, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. That's ama ZO n.com/p, ie. And get more of whatever you're into.


It's that time of year everyone's trying to get healthy cardio or weights. Shaker smoothie Tai Chi or Tahitian Kickboxing. That is the sound of decision fatigue People luckily unsweetened Almond Breeze. Almond milk is an easy call with fewer calories than dairy milk and none of the sugar. It's the obvious choice. Find Almond Breeze at your supermarket. One cup of full dairy milk contains 150 calories and 12 grams of sugar versus one cup of almond breeze. Unsweetened Original contains 30 calories and zero grams of sugar.


Get the most anticipated new releases with a Disney plus Hulu Max bundle up for an adventure always on max. The HBO original, the white lotus returns. What is This place? Explore the Marvel universe with What if on Disney plus Avenger a symbol. And on Hulu read between the lies on paradise. You are the last to see the President alive plus so much more. Here we go. It's the ultimate bundle for an unbelievable price. With plans starting at 1699 a month, terms apply, visit Disney plus Hulu max bundle.com for details.


Good Evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractable. This episode, mad Land Mark suggests Zeus juice is befuddled by blue skies. Then ask the guys to identify oddities by cureo. Bob blames the cold for performance issues, sees dogs eating poop and rejects excessive changes. Well made Wade gains supervision, rereads novels, and accepts new jammies from selling a Subaru to Ascots. Yes, it's time for, there's an Easter egg at 43 minutes, 51 seconds.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hello everyone listening and watching this podcast. You have found yourself in the midst of a Distractible trap. You cannot leave until you have completed this episode and then told all your friends and family about Distractible so that they can then in turn be trapped inside the Jumanji. That is this podcast. Once you start the game, you have to finish it or else the monkeys are gonna keep rolling and the earthquake's gonna keep going. And that hunter is gonna come after you till the end of the earth. And yes, he will be your father with a mustache. But That's not how new Jumanji works at all.


I don't care how new Jumanji works. I'm a new Jumanji fan. Good Lord. All right. I need to deduct points pretty early here. What Year is it? Wait, unless Bob, you were doing a weight impression. What? Too much hair. Couldn't, couldn't, couldn't pull it off. We all just talk about how like still the best scene in Jumanji is whenever the cart's heading toward the hunter and he screams that scream is still like the best moment in all of Jumanji. I forgot about that, but very, very distinct in my mind. Ah, Just, I'll never forget that scream. Great movie. But man that scream is Just, well, I'm writing down things because I need to keep track of points.


If you've never been to this podcast before, if you have been to the podcast, skip ahead a minute and a half. Exactly. That's when it will be back into it. Editors make that true no matter what. Also, an Easter egg will be placed at 43 minutes and 51 seconds in this podcast. Stick around for it. Will it be Mark's lost only fan pictures Could be. No. No it won't. Okay. Never. It can't Be. I mean it could be but I I don't get to make that promise. It Won't Be. Yeah, see, there you go. So the reason I'm writing things down is because I keep track of the points. I'm the judge of what these two goofs are gonna be doing. I need to determine who's gonna be the next judge of us.


New goofs, of which I will be one in the next episode. Me pick me. I deserve it. That's a good impression. Bob, your cowardly lying impression please. I don't know if I have one of those. What does he say? Oh, come on, pick me. Ah, is that bad? I piss my, I piss my pants. I Don't remember him pissing himself straight up Because he is cowardly. Does he wear pants? I shed Myself. I shed myself. It's all over my tail Oil. I'm the other guy. Oil crown. Oil crown. Yeah. Did you know that the lion's costume in that movie was actual lion pelts?


That seems necessary. Well it was the thirties or forties or whatever it was. The writers are like Alright, there's a Tin man, there's a cowardly lion. And some guy in the back was like, I'll go get the lion. Unfortunately the Tin Man guy was cut to shreds by the amount of cans he had to put on. Slide up his arm. The tin man was actually made of robots. That's true. Very true. Does that mean toto was made of dogs? Yeah. He was just sewn together dogs. Yes. Yes. They got one dog that looked exactly right and the producer was like, take his face. We're gonna need like six other dogs. Let's get going here.


All Right, well in this episode I'm gonna be the judge and I have a topic that I have shamefully stolen from one of the other contestants who I will be giving a bonus point for giving me said topic. We don't know who this is, so it'll be a mystery editor censor both of their reactions so no one can glean any information of who's who. And before we do that, we need to talk about our daily lives. How are your daily lives? Very daily. I have to Google something today that it makes sense that I should know this but I Googled it anyway because unfortunately I still have my Subaru. I've been talking about this for a long time that I plan to sell the Subaru stuff kept coming up. Mandy has been six since October. It's been a hard end of the year and so it's been parked outside and in the last week, Ohio has gotten just absolutely like shit on with winter storms, which cars are designed to withstand being in cold temperatures And it hasn't been like in the Arctic or something, but I had to move the car today.


It was in the driveway 'cause I like wanna keep it in the driveway when they plow the streets so it doesn't get like totaled by a snowplow. I went to turn it on today And it made a noise that sounded vaguely like the oil was frozen in the engine block. Like you know sometimes when cars are cold and you go to start it, they're kind of like whoop. And then they start it literally I pushed the button And it was all and then started and I was like holy fuck do I turn it off? What the hell? It ran fine. Everything was fine. It has oil. It's not like I neglect my car. It's all maintained.


It was like frozen. Something was frozen. It was probably the starter. Maybe there was like something on the flywheel or the starter that was Anyway, I just had to Google can engine oil freeze and at the temperatures we've been experiencing, no it can't obviously 'cause it's, it's been above zero here. Like it's not even been that cold. It's Been like what teens? Twenties. It was like down into single digits overnight. So it was cold last night but it was just weird. I don't know people who live in cold places. Have you experienced this is my car broken forever now? 'cause I literally just had to like move it. I drove it a block and moved it from one side to the other 'cause it moved out of the way. So I'll have ask Molly. 'cause in Minnesota they get like with windchill at least they get to like negative forties sometimes.


Ugh. So when I worked at United Dairy Farmers we did ice cream, right? Ice cream is a big thing at UDF in Cincinnati and our freezer was negative 25. That's where we kept all of the ice cream was negative 25 in the freezer and in Minnesota gets like a lot colder than that, especially with wind chill, which is wild. So I don't know what they do there to keep their inner car innards from freezing. Well I do know when you live somewhere where it's actually cold, what you do is you have a heater built into your engine block and you plug that heater into an outlet either at your home or at your wherever you park your car so that it physically is just kept from getting too cold. I wonder if they do that there. I've never seen, I've never heard them talk about that. But that's like a live in the arctic circle live in Alaska type level.


So I don't know if they do that as reg as much in Minnesota necessarily. I don't know that they do in Minnesota. But maybe You know one of the benefits of an electric vehicle is that it has a big old massive battery, right? So you can run a heater constantly ish. I guess maybe I'm not a hundred percent sure if you could do how long you could do it. Are you saying you can have the technology to freeze lightning bolts? No, I don't think you're saying that at all. What the fuck is wrong with you man? Okay, I was reading between the lines. He's just thinking outside of the box. You know I was just pretty Sure it's what you were getting at. All Right. Okay. Well no it wasn't what I was getting at but hey you know some people say that electric vehicles are, you know, bad in different weathers but I'm saying they might be better in circum circumstances, you know 'cause they stay As long as you don't need the range to be super long.


I do appreciate how good an EV is working in the cold 'cause like you don't need to let the engine warm up. You don't need to really worry about it dying or being too cold to physically start. It'll work. Also the heating stuff is very effective. I don't know if it's just 'cause it's a new car or what. I've never had a car whose steering wheel and heat seat heaters are as aggressive as the Tesla. It goes from like ice cold outside temperatures to like should I turn it off? Nope. This is just as hot. It's as hot as it gets. I'll be fine. But it feels like it might burst into flames a little bit but it's fine. That's just how it just works really well. Wade, you should get an ev. You Know my car hasn't had any issues with freezing.


I don't Think it counts but I'm taking away point. I'm not gonna take away point. I'm not gonna do that. That would be petty of me to do that Wade. I'm not doing that. Wow. It's a new you in 2025. It is. It is a new me. I've had certain perspectives that are changing in my brain, which is a result of obviously me going over the hill in terms of my age as a man. I can't wait to start really, Really Well. I guess I've kind of started already, haven't I? I got a truck now. I got a Truck now. You've changed man. I've changed Anyway. Wait, I can't, I can't make any judgements upon you. Thank You. I'm gonna give You a handsome point. Well Thank That's well deserved.


It's not well deserved. How about a humble point? I discovered I have a superpower. It's entirely useless but I just thought this was really funny. I was cleaning out a drawer full of old tech stuff and one of the things was an old smartwatch that I used to use like years ago. I don't know why I'm incapable of throwing anything away. I still have a, an Apple Watch series two that I haven't seen electricity for eight or nine years or something. But I like can't toss it. I keep it in case I need an Apple Watch series two because you never know. But anyway, I found an old smartwatch and I was like ah, I really liked this watch. I enjoyed using it. I'm not gonna use it now, but for old time's sake I wanna charge it up and just like turn it on and play with it.


'cause I'm a fucking psychopath apparently. And I, the charger wasn't with it and so in my head I just like chucked it in the bag and I was like, well the charger's lost to wherever, I don't know. And then I went to bed that night, woke up the next morning and the thought in my brain was just the charger's in that bag in the basement And it was, I went out, went down to the basement to a random old plastic bag po thrown in a corner And one of the pieces of random shit in that bag was the random proprietary watch charger. And, and so obviously the watch is sitting right next to me on my desk charging right now because I'm gonna play with it later. Is that, is that like a me thing or do people just do that?


Because I literally like, I didn't have a dream. I don't dream 'cause I'm a fantastic or however you say that. I have the afant but I like literally I just woke up and was like, it's in the bag. Like it came to me that, is that a thing that normal people do or am I insane? Not usually, no. I can't remember where anything is. So no, I don't get those visions. If you could send some my way because yesterday I was circling around for my backpack. Mark your wallet's in the laundry again Isn't well. Okay. No, it's in my pocket. Had to check. There Was a, there was a not insignificant likelihood that that was just a correct guess but Yeah, but I was looking for my backpack, right?


And I was circling around and I, I thought I was crazy because I looped the kitchen 15 times looking and scanning and scanning and I'm like, I know I brought it in or at least I brought it outta my truck. I know I did. And finally on my 15th pass I happened to look out the window and outside sitting on the ground Is my backpack and I'm just, I have no idea why it's there But There it's in the nicest way possible. I do mean this as a friend. I would never ever fucking do that with anything I own. Even in even pieces of technology I despise.


Again, this is a me thing 'cause tons of people do this. I don't know how people just like toss their phone places or like leave their phone in the car when they go to the store. That's why your car gets broken into guys don't leave your phone in the car or like, you know, leave your laptop sitting outside on the ground or anything. That is mine. I'm like oh gotta be careful. Gotta put it. I might still lose it but it'll be somewhere safe at the very least. Yeah, no I am just terrible. I am awful with that stuff. So yeah, it was outside, You did like 80% of the stuff you were trying to get done there. You're very close. That's usually my life philosophy is I get about 80% of what I need to do and then I shift gears completely and forget about it anyway.


Nice superpower. It's a passing grade saying that's, I Ever tell you guys whenever I thought I had a superpower, I might've told you this story. What are you got? I don't know how old I was. I was probably like fourth, fifth, sixth grade, somewhere in that range. Probably younger. Third, fourth, fifth grade. My mom had a house, like a little tiny ranch, very small. But at the time we loved the place 'cause I had a pool in the back and I remember I was outside by the pool and I was looking around and I was like, oh my god, I see things in the air that other people can't see. And I went to my mom and I was like, mom, I'm pretty sure I can see like bacteria and disease in the air. And she was like, what? I'm looking around and I see it, there's like a strand of it right there.


And that's whenever she was like, you're nearsighted. Those are floaters. And really burst my bubble because there was like a five minute period where I was looking around, I was like, oh my god, I see it, I see it in the air just like under a microscope. But I don't need a microscope 'cause I am super, I I love that. Wait, I'm gonna give you a super vision point because I can actually relate to this. Not about the floaters because that, I feel like I knew that even as a kid. But there's another thing that you can see and I only noticed it when I was, I first noticed it when I was on a plane, right? I was looking out the window, looking at the scenery and I could swear I see these little squigglies going, you, when I was my eyes open looking out there And it only when I was looking at the like the blue of the sky, right?


I thought I was going nuts. I thought I was going nuts because there was thousands of 'em. I was just like, oh my god, they're everywhere. And they're going little flip and I'm like, what am I seeing? Am I seeing my own neurons firing? Am I, am I seeing like something going crazy? I haven't figured out exactly what it is. I didn't look up in a while what the concrete example is. But you can actually see the, basically the shadow, and this is what I think it was the shadow of like white blood cells or, or certain things moving. Like it's either on the surface of the eye or like somewhere in the back. But you can actually see something like that. I thought eye was peering into the universe. I thought I was seeing into another realm. I thought the sky was opening up or something like this really Ego burst in when you find out that it's not, isn't it Mark?


I'm finding the blue field and top phenomenon. That Might be It or shearers phenomenon. The appearance of tiny bright dots or squiggles. That's it. That's exactly It. Tiny bright dots are squiggles that move quickly along underlaying paths in your visual field. Especially when looking at a bright blue background like the sky, That is exactly it. And that gif is exactly what I was seeing. That's crazy. Okay, so yeah that is, oh yeah, it's white blood cells moving in the capillaries in front of the retina of the eye and blue light is what causes them to be seen. That's, that would explain why when I was looking at the sky, I literally said blue sky, but I did not know about this because I just noticed it was always in front of like a very bright, clear, solid blue sky.


And it just so happened when I was flying is the first time that I noticed it. But that's cool. Yeah. You know it might have been a combination of this and the floaters. I'm so nearsighted that I saw when I was laying, 'cause I was laying outside looking up at the sky whenever I noticed it too. So yeah it looks like little bacteria or whatever. And I was like, I superpower what a terrible superpower. But I've got one. Floaters are somewhat similar sometimes whenever you do see them, like in your vision. Yeah, Floaters are usually more peripheral than this though, right? Floaters are kind of the thing where it's like you see it right at the edge, but when you look for it, it's all, I don't wanna get too into it, but usually yes, but you can have like an uptick in floaters, which is usually a bad sign 'cause it means something is going wrong in your eyes. If you have like a heavy, heavy increase in floaters, Get ire.


All right. You know what you win. I, I can't deny that one. You win. All right. And you know Iria Gets us the segue point because that's Disgusting. Damn. I had a small talk. Well what's, What's the topic? Disgusting shit. Oh you got small Talk win. Do you have more? Well I don't wanna ruin the segue. Wait wasn't that your small talk? It Was a minor thing but I started reading again. What like menus or Like books, Adult books. It's funny you say that because I don't know it count You're really getting into Clifford again or what? Not entirely far off The barren stain bears.


Oh No, I decide. I never finished this series. It was my favorite series as a kid, but I never finished reading it and I was like, I wanna go back and reread and just read all of it. Red Wall Animorphs. Oh, oh. So I wouldn't call them adult books. No, I would say those are like teenage fiction. I, I mean even as a like third, fourth grader, I was able to read it pretty easily. They're, they're pretty short books but there's like 64 of them. There's 54 in the main series and like nine or 10 spinoffs or something. Damn. Yeah I, I've started reading the Animorphs series all over again because I never finished it as a kid and I absolutely loved it. I used to be really excited whenever I would go to the bookstore with my mom and she would be like, here you, I could get a book and I would get one of the new an the new Animal ORs book.


'cause they started coming out I think like 1996. I don't remember how often they came out, but there's a lot of them. And I always loved them growing up. So I started reading them again. And they're a lot simpler like reading them now compared to like some other novels you may read. It's like they're written very simply, but like they're still interesting. The story's interesting. The universe is interesting and I don't know, just decided to read it again. Hey, There's nothing wrong with depreciating books aimed at a younger target audience. Not judging that. I'm gonna try to make Molly really mad 'cause Molly reads a lot of books throughout the year and like at the end of the year she'll show like, I read 50 books this year and she'll show them off. I'm gonna read 64 like 90 page books that have like large fun. Like Molly, I read 64 books this year.


You should start, I think Molly does this, but I know this is like a regular thing on like book social media. You should start posting your monthly like red list and it's just like 18 endomorphs books. And then, but along with it make the caption be something really like meaningful and thought out. Like I don't even, I don't even know what, 'cause I'm not this person, but you can change Who you are on the outside, but you can't really change who you are within Anor. Yeah, just, just insert quotes from the books into, My name is Jake. I can't tell you my last name. Animorphs.


All right, well I'll give you a point For that. I'll give you a point. And then Shark Jake jumped into the ocean and swam after the submarine as fast as he could. Animorphs A bit of trivia. The first morph by one of the protagonists in the book is Tobias turning into a cat. If that ever comes up on a trivia show, which it won't, you know, You know what? There's a decent chance I'll remember that just because that's about the most out of hand thing you could have told us as a trivia information right now. Well Tobias is famous for being a red-tailed hawk. So you wouldn't think that the first transformation would be him being a cat. I would never have thought that. I didn't know they could change. If You stay in the morph for more than two hours, you are stuck as that animal.


Unfortunate. Sorry, I know we had disgusting things going on. Anyway. Iria, go Mark Iria. Alright, so there was a post on Reddit as with much content on the internet, that's where we turn to for all of our entertainment needs. Even though I think that Reddit is probably a place where most stories are made up and nothing matters. But anyway, so is this podcast, so we're gonna steal this because someone was asking if I can pull up the exact IIII closed the, I closed it. But Mark, why I Close? Why would you close it?


Why did I close it? All right. Okay, this post which has made seven days ago, I buy host traumatic Countess. All right. Excuse me. I don't know how else you would pronounce that other than that. But Countess, Nope. Oh, okay. That's not what it's anyway asking. Do you have any weird hygiene habits? For me and my roommates, we have separate slippers that we decided to only wear in the bathroom as we don't want to be treading the bathroom floor germs through the house. Now is that weird or is that understandable?


So how does this work? They leave the slippers in the bathroom like by the door. They walk in immediately step into them. It's like another layer of having house slippers because that's a very common, I believe that's a Japanese custom, but possibly in other countries as well where You have Koreans also typically do it. You take your shoes off at the exterior door and you have shoes that you only wear inside. I feel like that's not that crazy. That's a level of effort. I don't care enough to do. But that's a pretty like reasonable thing to do. I think if you care About, okay, so this is normal. Yeah, that's pretty Normal. That's fine. Acceptable. If you live in a place where house slippers is a totally normal thing, that probably doesn't even stand out in America where people don't universally do the, the house shoes set up maybe a little weirder, but also Americans are kind of judgy a-holes.


So maybe that's an us problem. It's one of those things where I would like on the surface be like, and then I'd think about, I'd be like, actually that's kind of not a bad idea. So I, I would also, if if we're only going normal or weird, I would go more toward normal. Let's say it's acceptable or excessive. Acceptable or unacceptable. That's acceptable to me too. It's acceptable. This is perfectly acceptable. Alright, so we're making a declaration. I'm gonna choose to interpret that as if someone asked me to do that. If I was in their home and they asked me to participate in that. That's a good point. It's acceptable. If I, my reaction would be, yeah. All right. And if it's, if my reaction is like, ah, really that's, that's gonna be my judgment. I like that as a threshold.


Can't be friends with them anymore. Yeah, I feel Like we lick out each other's ear holes and I'd be like, I don't know about that one. But they're like, here's some bathroom slippers where when you go into the bathroom you're like, All right, whatever. That's fine. Cat cats do it. Why can't people lick each other's ear Holes? Henry has this really terrible, terrible habit where he will scratch his ear, like just real slow with his back foot, like in the ear. And he always goes, ah, when he's doing it like, just like slack jaw. And then he always, and we look at it and we're waiting for it, he'll be like, done. Then licks his foot every time Lexie Does that too. It's like, why, why? It's a health thing. It's like why? Why like dogs or cats will eat the, their baby's poops because they're like, oh is, are you healthy now?


You taste healthy. But if it tastes, if there's a problem you can taste it in the poop or you can taste it in the ear. You know, I don't want you, I want you to stop talking. What Do they do if they taste a problem in the poo? They're all, ah shit. What will it take you to stop talking? I'm never gonna stop talking. Mark, this is your curse. All right, fair enough. Okay, so I got a list here from this thread of things that people do and we're gonna determine what is and is not acceptable as a burden to our daily lives. Acceptable Or excessive, right? Okay. One person says, I won't lay on my bed in clothes that I've worn outside the house.


And if I'm getting into bed with socks on, I'll put new socks on if I've worn them walking around the house. Okay, so there's a lot of layers here that are strange. I Feel like there's a couple different things there. Let's pick it apart a little bit. Let's just focus on the first half. Okay. Laying on bed in clothes that I've worn outside. I'll go first on that. Since Bob went last time. I'll say that's acceptable. There are definitely times where you go someplace and you come home and you're like, I need to wash my hands right away. And it's like, I don't know what I just sat in. Like if I was riding a public bus or you know, if I was in a restaurant, you never know. Yeah, your bed's your safe place. I like to shower before I get into bed, so I like to be clean. Getting into clean sheets. So laying on a bed with all your dirty clothes that on the outside have touched, who knows what acceptable. Don't put that on your bed. I get that. I am that.


I like that Bob. That makes sense to me. I'm gonna move on to the thing I think makes less sense, which is the, if you wear socks around your own home and not outside, but outside of your bedroom, then you change socks when you go into your bedroom to clean socks. I'm not saying I don't understand the principle 'cause I get what they're, and this, I'm assuming maybe this person doesn't do like the house slippers thing because then it's like, well then yeah, maybe the rest of your house has like you track stuff in with your shoes. If you wear 'em in the house and take 'em off somewhere specific, whatever. That just seems like a lot of effort for a, a small amount of actual return.


Unless you keep socks at your bedroom door and you literally don't let the socks that have touched the other floors into your bedroom. There's no way. If you live in this place, you're keeping that contamination out of your bedroom in a meaningful way. Whatever little bits of stuff might have been on your socks, if you bring them into your room and lay them on the, in your hamper or they fall on the floor or you walk into your room and then change your socks, then that part of your floor of your room has the same stuff that the outside your room floor, it's just like the execution doesn't make sense. If someone asked me to do that, I don't know what scenario that would be. I guess if I was dating a person and they were like, please, this is what I do, I would kind of be like, I don't know, maybe I just won't go in there.


I guess. I don't know. If I actually was dating someone and cared about them, I probably would just shut up and do it because that's not that important. But you know what I'm getting at that's excessive. Mainly because the execution doesn't make any sense to me. Okay. All right. Fair enough. The changing clothes or not laying in your bed with clothes that you worn outside. Perfectly acceptable. I Wouldn't do that one just to be clear 'cause I don't care. But I totally get that. That's perfectly acceptable. Yeah, perfectly acceptable. But the Sox thing is a little excessive, so we're gonna put that in the excessive category. A little excessive. It's not like stupid, but it's like, I don't think you're gaining a lot. I wouldn't care enough to do it. I would accept that someone does it. So I'd say acceptable. But that one's more borderline.


Like Maybe this person lives in, in, in, in mess and their bedroom is the only clean place. Maybe I don't understand their life In squalor, Like maybe it's real muddy or something. And their animals come in just like leave tracks on the main floor. They're like, I don't wanna put these socks. When you live in a yurt on a platform in the woods, things are different. I Get it, but it's excessive to me. I guess. Speaking of modern privilege here, this person comes home, changes into the jammies that they wore in the morning before they left the house, cook their dinner, then shower, then change into new jammies. So They have morning and evening cooking jammies and then they have night jammies.


How many fucking loads of laundry is this person doing on a weekly basis? God damn. The Jammies that they're cooking with is the same jammies they wore the night before. So you can see there's a cycle, the Used jammies to finish the cycle and then they get fresh jammies for bedtime. So they're showering in the evening. I don't know, two showers a day is another topic. Do not get into that ginette. But they shower in the evening after cooking because they don't like smelling like cooking when I'm freshly showered. Bob is this excessive, I understand this is another one where I totally understand the motivation. Personally, I don't care enough to do this, but if someone did this, I don't think, I wouldn't think they were crazy except for all the fucking laundry that creates, yeah, maybe I'm the one who's weird on this, but I am not wearing different pajamas every night of the week.


I'm not opposed to fresh pajamas. I like when you crack out, you crack out some new fresh basketball shorts and you get a nice crisp, clean jammies on. But like jammies go for at least a few nights. For me, minimum if not long, like depends how, how they wear depends what situation they're in. But seven pairs of pajamas a week on top of seven. I assume that means they wear a lot of other clothes too. So I assume that means they change everything when they go to the gym or work out, they have a different outfit for that And it's like, I'm not into doing that much laundry. I don't wanna live that life. Jesus. Okay, All right. That's good points. Maybe I misunderstood. I thought it was one pair of pajamas. It's you. So we started the night you shower.


Yeah, put on a pair of pajamas, go to bed, wake up, change for work or whatever. Go out, come back, put on last night's pajamas, cook, shower, new pair. So each day you have one pair of pajamas, one pair of clothes. So each night starts with a new set of pajamas, but the next day you use the back halff of the pajamas for For other things. Yeah. If you think of it like, you know, some people say Sunday's the beginning of the week, some people say Monday, this is the beginning of their new day occurs after showering, after they eat dinner, that's their new cycle. I don't sleep in the same shirt two nights in a row. Like if I'm traveling I will so I don't have to pack so many things. But I do change my sleep shirt and underwear. But like I do wear the same pair of basketball shorts for like four or five days.


'cause like whatever underwear and shirt I do change for whatever reason every night. So this isn't that different to me than what I do. It does create, I guess a decent amount of laundry, but I don't find it super excessive or crazy. The weird thing to me is coming home, changing into something to cook and then changing immediately again. It's like why not just cook in the outfit that you were in then get comfy. Because they don't like smelling like cooking when I'm freshly showered. No, that part I get. But why not just wear the outfit you were in for the day while you cook and then shower and change it to pajamas. That is A great, yeah. Why don't they just wear the clothes that they had? Why Do you put on last night's pajamas to cook? I kind of get that if this is a professional person and it's like when I was in law school, I had to wear, I had to wear a suit and tie a lot.


Right, okay, That's fair. If it's like a suit and tie or something And it's like I only own two suits, I can't come home from work, take my suit jacket off and then like cook dinner in my shirt, tie whatever I you change. But I would just change into like sweatpants and a t-shirt, something comfortable. Not necessarily pajamas, but, so if this person like wears, you know, if they're, if they're into fashion, they might wear a nice outfit every day And it might be like dry clean it only or hand wash only. That's True. It's probably super uncomfortable to cook in your suit pants. It's potentially, I could see reasons that that makes sense. But Then why I get that they don't wanna smell like they're cooking, but how much, what are they cooking that would infuse into their jammies that they couldn't come home from work, shower, change into new jammies and then cook?


What, what? How sloppily are they cooking? Maybe There's a lot of like grilling or oil or like frying oil or something. I don't know. It's not like it's gonna get everywhere. It does though. It's small, but it does. I, I can appreciate that. It also depends on the cuisine too. What I cook and what Americans tend to eat generally very generally, that's a lot of bold flavors, but not always a lot of aromatic stuff. Mm. Okay. But there are some cuisines where everything is aggressively aromatic. Everything has a bunch of herbs. Anything you cook, even if it's something super simple is gonna have like really intense smell to it and that will potentially like just soak into your clothes or whatever.


When you're cooking every single day it might happen. So my initial judgment was excessive. I'm moving toward acceptable. Sleeping in this a different outfit is a little bit more laundry. But like I get it, you're using last nights to get out of your suit or whatever to cook so that way you can be comfortable and not get your thing dirty. I'm not backing down. I stand by excessive. Even though you made the aromatic argument. I, the thing that for me does it is that's too many sets of clothes in life. I'm not a fashion person so this is just something I don't get. But like I'm don't wanna do that much laundry. I don't wanna own that many clothes. I already feel like I own way too many fucking clothes. I don't have a big collection of clothes. I just feel like, why would I need 10 sets of pajamas?


I own t-shirts, which I can wear for almost anything. I wear shorts and pants would many of which have multiple applications. I don't want to have that much shit in my life. That's the tipping point for me is that side of it, not the actual Behavior. A lot of my sleep clothes are like one basketball shorts. I just love basketball shorts. I wear 'em all the time. They're The best. My t-shirts are all like old shirts I used to wear like during the day that I've either gotten slightly torn or stained or faded or whatever else. It's like, well this is a sleep shirt now. My daily wear clothes become my sleep clothes over time. I agree with Bob in that this is slightly excessive, just slightly, it's real close because circumstantial to what you're cooking and what you're doing in your life is, but this is kind of a applying to every day life for everyone out there.


I'm gonna say it's just excessive for the average person out there. Just enough For the average person I guess. I'd agree man. Yeah, just enough. This is one that we can't really make any declaration of. It's about reusable menstrual pads. We can't make any statement about that. Hold on. I'm right. Let's go. Let's jump in. Bob, you Do It. Oh, I don't even know what the thing is. Give me, set me up Mark. I'll hit it out of the park. Some people say they use reusable menstrual pads when they're on their period. They're made of cloth and they're much more comfortable and absorbent than disposable pads. Plus, I like knowing I'm not contributing to extra waste in the landfill every month. I just launder them like any other article of clothing. So they're clean and fresh each month when I use them.


I tip people all the time to consider giving cloth pads a chance. They're not for everyone, but I love them. People get so dramatic and going on about how disgusting it is to use reusable products. I actually do have an opinion about this, so I don't have an opinion about the actual using them and, and how they work. I I don't know anything personally about that for reasons that are probably obvious. But I do things in my life where it generates every time I do it, it generates waste. Yeah. And I always feel conflicted about that because I could have better habits. I could make different choices to where I'm not, whatever that thing is, and I'm using this disposable, I feel conflicted about that. And I totally get, if you are a person who has periods, you have to deal with that because that is, you can't just pretend it's not happening.


There are only so many ways to deal with it. And if you care about how much waste you're generating, this seems like a very cool option if they work as advertised and if you can just launder them and it's totally fine. Sorry, One second. I'm just gonna keep going on my rant. I also feel like, and this is just a general thing, I guess periods are so stigmatized. I mean, as a guy like growing up, no one ever talked about it. No one really explained it. We had in health class, they sort of explained it, but like our bodies make all kinds of messes, all kinds of stuff comes out of us. And it's its own specific kind of thing that you have to deal with in terms of cleaning it up and what it is. It's just a thing that your body does.


And I feel like everyone freaking out and grasping their pearls and being like, oh, I could never why it, I, it's, it's not any more gross than anything that my body has done or than using reusable baby diapers or like, I feel like there's, there's a stigma and like a, people get so easily grossed out. It's like maybe I'm, maybe I'm the one who's out there. But to me it's like if my body does it, if your body does it, if you have a period and that's a thing your body does, it doesn't mean you have to enjoy it. It's not like, ooh, it's natural and I love it. It might be, it might be a thing that grosses you out or whatever, but it's a totally natural process. I don't understand why it's this thing where it's like, ah, don't talk about it. It's 'cause it's a thing that I don't do.


And have to actually personally live with doesn't mean it's, it's some horrific thing. It's a normal thing. Maybe I'm wrong, but that just that reaction of like, ugh, ugh. It's like that. That's, that's bullshit. Don't, don't stigmatize periods like that. It's, it's just a normal thing. And the whatever way you can deal with it, whatever way is most pleasant for each person do that. It works well do it. If it's the best way that you like to do it, you should do it. It's Good. Well now I can't disagree with you 'cause it made me look bad. But also I wouldn't disagree with you anyway 'cause I, I do agree. Like I find it hard to blame guys 'cause we, like I said, as a guy, I don't know anything about it. No one talks about it. My mom never talked about it.


Like it's never a thing. No, but I was raised by like my mom and my grandma so I was like mainly raised by women anyway so kind of like a lot of stuff that women deal with. I was just kind of around. Not that my grandma was really going through periods at that point, but you know like I had a sister, my mom, so on and so forth. I just kind of got used to whatever women needed to do. They did And it was whatever. 'cause I was just around it Anyway, What'd I miss? Bob made some really good points but not quite as good as mine. Okay. All right. And that's a point for Wade. Wade didn't make any points. He is, yeah, he's lying. He's a liar. You're rewarding lies. That's a good points point for Wade. Unbelievable. But Yeah. Bob, mark, if you could just not listen for a quick second.


Yeah Bob, I entirely agree with everything you said. Just Better. Got It man. There's so many surreptitious deals going on. I wonder when the lightning's gonna strike. There Is no deal. Bob talked virtually the whole time you were gone. We didn't make any deals. I kept answering the question. I just went on and on. I just Wait. Are you saying this point, you don't actually deserve this point? No, I definitely do because you wrote it down and therefore it's part of the written point system. That's true. I did write it down. You Can't unr things. Okay, well that is what it is. I'll, I'll eat my hat if that come back to bite me. It probably will. We got another one here. I wash my glasses twice a day with hot water and dish soap.


Glasses or drinks Glasses Like yeah glasses or drinking glass Glasses. Eyeglasses, eyeglasses. Wash them twice a day with dish soap. Thought of just wiping the lenses. Grosses me out to them. A shocking number of people don't wash their whole entire glasses. I'm sure both of us have some interesting takes on this one. Excessive. I do wash my glasses, my whole glasses once in a while. Not all that often. So You out swinging with excessive? I think that is excessive. I clean my lenses with a wiping cloth so I can see and whenever my glasses start to get to the point where they feel dirty, I give them a full wash.


I also think it depends on what kind of brand of glasses you own. 'cause sometimes only just washing them if you don't dry them properly can ruin them rust, the little screws and make it really horrible. And it's a terrible idea probably. Yeah. Especially if you're not drying it properly. I will reiterate that. I guess I don't know what they're doing with their glasses. If you wear glasses 24 7 and you're out digging in the mud or something or sweating all over them all the time, I guess you gotta clean them more often. For me, I wear contacts so my glasses I only wear at night or when I'm relaxing. Therefore I don't feel like they get all that dirty all that often. And I feel like if you wipe down the part that's on your ears or your nose pads and the lenses once in a while, that's fine. And every now and then I'm just like, you know what? I'll toss 'em under the water, give 'em a rinse, dry 'em off, whatever.


But not that often. And especially not twice a day. That is obscenely excessive to me. I don't live my life this way, but I know that some people just chuck their glasses fucking anywhere. They, they drop 'em on the ground, they, they take 'em in the pool or something or god knows what. I would never, my glasses are one of the few things in my life that I treat as I need them or I can't see shit 'cause I'm like almost blind without them. I treat them like they're like they're my lifeblood and I take care of, I don't leave them randomly around place, but I know other people just do all kinds of shit with glasses and I get why you might want to clean them or if you work, like Wade said, on a hard job, you sweat a lot, you work with mud or chemicals or who knows what.


You might wanna wash them. I would never do it. But if you need to wash them that much, I would say that's maybe acceptable. As long as the other assumptions I made are true. Because if not fucking just destroy, they must get a new pair of glasses every six to nine months. 'cause they're just burning through 'em at that rate. Given that Bob wears glasses on a daily basis. And if they are this anal about cleaning, I would assume they would be using a microfiber. They'd probably use a new microfiber with every wash. But given that I have perfect vision, I can't even relate to the concept of wearing glasses anymore. Boy I have to defer that glasses wears are so inconvenience that this is a necessity. So I'm gonna go with Bob.


I wear Glasses. You don't wear glasses? Where are they? Show pick 'em up, put 'em in front of camera right now. You Want me to go up two flights of stairs and get my glasses? He Doesn't have them. All right. Glasses. I wear so many glasses. I have other glasses sitting behind me on this shelf. I've got sunglasses on the main floor. Glasses. Glasses on the top floor. Oh, he Doesn't even have sunglasses near him. Ah, I see how it is. I In a basement room with no windows. I'm in a basement too. And you don't hear me not having sunglasses in front of me. Yeah, Exactly. I don't have sunglasses in front of me either. That's so perfect. My eyes are, I could stare into the sun all day. But you know, he Even said he doesn't do it and he started off by saying dish soap. What a terrible idea.


Oh, I would never do that. But that doesn't mean it's wrong. He's a glasses slob. His slob in lee glasses hygiene does not impact the fact that this is not excessive. It's a parable idea. Oh, It's true. The only part of my glasses I ever clean really meaningfully are the lenses. The rest of it just a shit nightmare. Terrible. And you probably wipe those multiple times a day. I bet. I stick my glasses up my own butt. But then I clean the lenses off meticulously Getting The screws and the joints of your glasses wet that often. This person needs a new pair of glasses every three months with what they're doing. There's no way. That's my argument. It something, it was a good one against doing this. That's why I won.


I'm living in a crazy town. He's using my arguments against me, but they don't work against me yet. It works. No, I used my arguments for me. That's why I worked. What The fuck? What's the next one? So the next one here as we're moving on from this is it kind of reveals a lot of things which a lot of these comments do. There Better be a bald one so I can get even There's not, they say I don't think it's weird, but I guess a lot of Americans find it weird to use a bidet. I don't feel clean unless I use one. Whenever I hear, and this is the second part, which is we'll tackle separately whenever I hear about people showering and scrubbing between their butt cheeks until there is no more brown on the Watch rag.


What? I just wonder, How are you not getting all that off at the toilet? So yeah, there's, there's two separate things here that are, yeah, We'll tackle the second one separately I think. Okay. Yeah. I'll, I'll take the, so I'll take the softball. No, it is not weird. And it is totally acceptable to prefer bidets and to use bidets whenever available. They are not universally available in America. In fact, I would say they're probably not generally available in most places in America. But in your own home, I think lots of people are adopting that. Totally fine. Totally acceptable. Yeah. This is an ignorance question. Are there bide in public bathrooms in other parts of the world?


Or is that a in your own house exclusively kind of setup? I'm gonna look at it. I Don't know how I would feel about public bathroom water shooting up my ass. Yeah, I feel like a public bathroom bidet shooting mystery water up my butt. I would have mixed feelings about that situation. There are public bidets in most of southern Europe like Italy, Spain, and France. But that's pretty much the most place where they are publicly accessible. I would not be a fan of that, but yeah. But I mean, but days are awesome and I feel like I, I don't even know if that's worth points. I'd just wanna move on to the second part of this because I would be shocked if anyone in the world who has used one would be like, ah, fuck BDEs.


I can't stand. It's, it's pleasant. I've never gotten any, I've never used one other than to cover mark's contact lenses in them. That is the only time I've ever used a bidet watching us press the button. I think it was Leo who pressed the button. Oh. And just Watched it Spray the mirror and just cover every toilet tree mark owned covered in bidet water. Ah Yes. Oh, good times. Good times. That was the funniest fucking shit. It's okay. 'cause it was home bidet water, so it was fresh. It was Airbnb day water. It was high pressure that got across the bathroom.


Or they were like, check this out and press the button. And just that stream perfectly went across the bathroom, hit the mirror. Every part of the sink that had anything that mark owned was where the water hit. I thought You were making a joke at first. Like, oh, you dunked by and then I forgot. Oh yeah, that happened. That was that. That did actually happen. Anyway, the second get, wait, I'll let you open the volleys on this one. The second part of that, Do you need me to reread it for you? Maybe set it up Whenever I hear about people showering and scrubbing between their butt cheeks until there's no more brown on the wash rag. I just wonder how are you not all getting that off at the toilet?


So there's every part of that sentence has something interesting. Okay, so let me start with the first real quick. I agree with Bob. I've not used a bidet, but I think bidets are fine. I think people like them that have them and I think whatever the second one, what in the fuck is happening during the wiping process or the bidet process where there is just shit tons of brown between your cheeks when you're going to shower. The amount of like just chafing and issues and awfulness that that seems like that would cause to have shit between your cheeks. Makes me wanna hurl a little bit when I shower. I don't use a wash rag between my butt cheeks. I just soap water or clean it out, whatever. And I don't think I've ever been like, wow, look, it's like I'm at the chocolate factory, my fingers are Drenched.


It's Soap and it's fine. You're just cleaning yourself and you whatever. What the fucky fuck shit is happening. Well, using a wash rag, using a sponge, using one of those little fluffy things to clean yourself. Whatever. You clean them, you wash, then you clean the thing. I get that. Why is there excessive amounts of brown wipe? All right, well I thought I was not gonna have anything to say, but I cannot believe that's the direction you took that wade. I'm Just, I'm disturbed by the amount I, I might have more to say. I'm just still shocked by the brown. I think that this part of this comment says more about the commenter than anyone else in the world. Yes.


There is no chance that this person is out in the world and their friends or family or coworkers or whoever is like, man, when I shower, there's just so much extra shit between my cheeks. Well, I can't, I can't. No, no one does that. I've seen this trend online lately and it's a thing I would never do 'cause I would gross myself out. But reusable toilet towels is a thing, a trend I've been seeing online. Literally it's, you don't use toilet paper, you use like a towel. You clean it off when you're done and everyone shares them in the household. Even in that world, there's no poop left when you're done. And if there is, you're not done.


That's What I'm saying, man. There should not be shit between the cheeks. This person is talking out of their ass that they're like, yeah, everyone, everyone who doesn't use it. Bday just walks around with extra fudge up their butt. Unbelievable. And they're talking about it too. Just either a liar or an absolute psychopath. Who believes that that's what's happening? Sorry. Speak up. The shit in my ass would let me hear you. Get the shit outta your ass. Go left. It's When you use a bidet, you still wipe again, I've not used a bidet, but I assume you still like generally Yeah.


You, you dry it off or something. Like you clean up a little bit once it's all, you don't Just walk around with a wet butt hole. No, you, you don't want that. No. Yeah. The, the weird part about this is not so much what they're saying. It's the context that they're trying to frame around their conversation. By the way, I have scratches all over my arm. This is from me cutting down trees. I didn't know how to grab 'em properly and I was wearing short sleeves. Don't do that. When you're, when you're cutting down on trees, you're Scoped didn't help you aim better. I didn't put a scope on my chain massages yet. I I am. I got that on order. It's coming in. There's No reason this man should have, or this woman, whoever they are, there's no person, there's no reason this person should have caked on shit in between their ass cheeks in the shower.


Well, it's not this person, but I, I, I hate the, whenever I hear about people showering as if this is the conversation, look, I just care there walking infomercial people look, I can't get the poop outta my book. I'm sure there's gotta be a better way. I use the sham. Wow, look at the brown stains. What you should be using Anyway. Yeah. So something's wrong with what's going on in, in this person's life. I think. Yeah. I'm not gonna say it's impossible that maybe I'm the one who's out of touch. Maybe that's just a cultural difference. Maybe there are parts of the world where everyone talks a lot about their hygiene practices and shower stuff. Maybe there are parts of the world where lots of people have shit caked up their butts after they go to the bathroom for whatever.


I don't think that's very likely to be the case because any rational human would, even if you didn't know the first time you took a dump and you didn't clean yourself and then you were walking around, you'd be like, oh, oh that's really unpleasant. Ugh. And you'd go and you'd finish but you'd go back to anyway. You'd Also, I don't know, smell shit every time you sat down or did anything. This commenter is off off the rails. We're gonna go through. We're pretty much done with the episode, but we're gonna go through some things because I feel like people need these rules outlined in their life. There's not really gonna be too many points up for grabs here. It's going gonna quickly through this. I want to, I want to make some declaratives.


What's the ideal amount of showering? It could be more than once per day. It could be once every other day. How often should people shower? What is the ideal amount? For Me, I shower every other day 'cause I've got very dry skin. If I shower daily, it gets worse. You get A lotioning body wash. I Use that and I actually have like dermatologist lotion. But like for some reason just showering every day makes my dry skin a lot worse. Showering every other day works for me. Showering daily, I think like people that have really oily skin showering daily is fine. It makes sense. And I think if I didn't have dry skin, I'd probably shower just once a day. Fourth and once a day was only whenever I was doing sports and I would like get really sweaty and nasty. I don't know. I feel like more than once a day without extenuating circumstances of a bit Much, I'm basically in the same boat every other day is a good minimum.


More frequently is cool. And if you work out for the love of God, shower Yes. If you go to the gym, shower please. Even if you showered in the morning, if you work at ringworm and fungal stuff and all the shit that gets passed around at gyms is very real and it's not probably gonna kill you, but it's really unpleasant. Just take a shower once you're done, wiping your sweat and juices all over all that stuff at the gym. And don't Use your gym towel to get the cake out of your butt cheeks. No. Use your poop towel for That. Keep your poop towel. Poop towel. The community poop towel. So minimum every other day maximum. Probably two a day is normal. If you're Exercising and stuff you have Between every other day to two a day is a normal range.


All right. Changing your bedsheets, how often should you do that? Every other day might be up for contention if some people really want to argue for that. Oh, That's a lot. Probably the end range would be like every two weeks. Or some people might push it to a month. I don't know. I would say ideally every week and realistically every couple weeks Probably It's a little more realistic. So forget To do that a lot. I think every week or two, if you're going a month on the same sheets, that gets a bit much. But like every week or two. Again, I also shower before I go to bed so you still sweat or whatever during the night.


So it still needs to be clean. But like I feel like I'm more clean going to bed than I am at any other point during the day because I'm a night showerer. That's a good point. It does dictate on when you're showering. So if you shower right before bed More frequently than once a week feels unhinged to me. It just feels Like a lot of work Because one who has more than like two set full sets of sheets for a bed. Yeah. Realistically. And then two and We got two. We have exactly two. How many times a week are you doing? Because if you do like your, your bedding, that's like a whole load of laundry. It's, it's not like you just toss that in with your clothes or whatever. That's its own separate thing. And that's like multiple loads of that a week. It's a lot of extra load. Here's something that's changed my life though in terms of automated cleaning machines is don't be afraid of doing a small load.


It is totally fine to have a half full dishwasher and doing that because it is less of a burden to empty. And the psychological burden of filling and emptying those things is the biggest hurdle for me. Doing 'em regularly. So if you just have a few dishes, chuck 'em in the dishwasher. Do a quick, they have, there's a quick cycle. Just do a quick, don't get tabs. Get powder or liquid. So you can put just a little bit in there because you only got a few dishes in there. Then you run it on your quick cycle and you're fine. Same with laundry. It works the same way. You don't need to do those pods 'cause kids will eat 'em and you don't need that in your life. They'll break into your house and they'll eat your tide pods. They're gonna do it. It Still happens. If You're doing a small load of dishes, you can also put your poop towel and your glasses in there at the same time and just do it all at once.


Ooh, that could save that person. A lot of anguish. Glasses in the dishwasher every day though. There you go. That'd probably be fine. Every, you can change your sheets every week. If you're showering a knot in the evening, you can go up to two to three weeks if you're showering in the evening so that you're clean going into bed. That's the dictation. I think weekly's ideal. I think biweekly is more realistic is what happens with us. Yeah, I think weekly is pretty unrealistic for me, but Yeah. Yeah. Fair. Fair. All right. Towels showering. This is actually a novel concept for a lot of people. How often should you change your shower towel? How often have I historically changed my shower towels? Or how often do I think a person should do this? What do you aspire to?


I think I might might've used the same towel from the age of 15 until about 27 Without cleaning it. I couldn't tell you the number of times it went through the laundry, but it was not a lot. I, because you know, you know, you know it's bad when I used to bring my towel, because when I live with roommates, you keep your stuff in your room a lot of the times. But I used to keep my towel in my room, but I would bring it with me to the bathroom and hang it close to the shower so that it got kind of steamed up. 'cause that would soften it up before I had to use it, you know, Soften it. Hey, livers all stiff and rock hard. You're trying to dry off.


Well, you know it, it gets a little scratchy after a while when you accumulate, You seasoned it. You gotta really season it. Well It's, it's like an iron skillet. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the seasoned coffee cup. I developed my own personal musk that was irreplaceable and was only acquirable through the use of my towel. It's like the vampire guy who takes his kid's blood. Except for it's you taking your own recycled younger used skin cells. Sure, yeah. It's like, it's basically stem cell treatments at that point. But anyway, what I was saying was, oh, I wash my towels like one to two every one to two weeks like everyone else does. Totally. But do you have a, you don't have a new towel with every shower.


God no. I think I have a fear of laundry or something that other people don't have. But God, that'd be so many fucking towels. Even if you only shower every other day, towels are big. They take up a lot of laundry space. Trying to minimize the laundry loads here apparently is my main concern. I didn't realize I'd be so laundry focused. Sorry, Depending. I'm either a new towel every shower or every two to three tops. What? I will not use the same towel for more than like two or three showers. Why? But I also like use that towel like after I wash my face, then my previous night's shower towel might be the one I used to like wipe my face. Or like after I brush my teeth, I might use that instead of my hand towel. Yeah, Those are all normal towel activities.


Yeah. But after I like wipe my face or like wipe toothpaste on, it's like I don't wanna use it to dry. So then it's like, okay, well now I need a new towel to dry the next time I shower. So it really depends on what all I'm using it for in between. I'm more towards Bob on this one because simply because 15 To 27 years, Not that far. Not that far. Oh, okay. All right. But just because I also am of the mind that if you are stepping out of the shower, you are as clean as you are going to be if you did your job right in the shower, all you're doing is getting the water, the basically filtered spring water that's emanating off your body filtered spray if you did your job right in the shower.


So the more I learned about my Korean side, the more I learned that Koreans are an obsessively cleanly people in some regards. My family was over before Christmas. They were over, lemme tell you that laundry machine was running 24 7. God, if they went out and just, they would throw in the clothes that they had worn that day and they changed into Jamies at night after shower. That shower also was running 24 7. And then they would, right before they all left the entire night that laundry machine was running and the buzzer was on loud because they would get up in the middle of the night when the buzzer went off to change it out and put new clothes in there.


'cause they needed to, they cleaned every single clothes that they had in their entire suitcase. Even if it wasn't worn, even if it had just been washed, then that might have been my mother, because my mother loves doing the laundry and making sure it's really clean. They also don't take their shoes from outside. Inside is fastidiously cleanly people for the most part. I don't completely understand why people would wanna do that. I just couldn't live like that. That's a lot. That's a lot of work for me. I guess because of how I live. It's like that's doesn't, that's not gonna accomplish a meaningfully different level of cleanliness to me. The world is still kind of messy outside. Still gets inside like it's, that's tough.


But I get it. I get it. And especially as like a cultural thing. If that's how you're raised, then obviously that's how you're gonna live. But that's just, I fucking hate doing laundry. We'll leave it at this though. People don't use the convenient machines that do work for you enough. The most important wish are the dishwasher and the laundry machine. Throw it in there. You don't have to scrape off your plates nearly as much as you think you do. Just chuck the excess in the trash or the disposal. That's a whole episode. That's a whole episode. I have to, I have to clean my plate so thoroughly. You don't have to. No, it's not a dishwasher thing. It's a me thing. Modern dish soap is enzymatic.


It actually makes it less clean when you do that. It's a problem. Modern dish soap is enzymatic, which means it needs foreign material in order to activate your dishes will taste soapy if they're too clean when you put them in the dishwash. It's a whole discussion to have. Yeah. Yeah. We Need to 'cause Because I'm No, I'm with you Wade. I am with you. But it's a whole thing. It's a whole thing. I remember in when I was a kid, the commercials are burned into my head of someone being like, look at this fucking dish soap. They, they show the CG in, they put a camera in the dishwasher and you see like this fucking lasagna plate. Yeah. Shit's. Oh, perfectly clear. I know that in my head that it does that.


But I also have trouble putting it in there completely dirty. I go like, that's not right. It isn't machine meant to clean. I can't, I cannot put chunky plates and a dishwasher, man. It's gotta be, I would rather hand wash all of my dishes than put something dirty in the dishwasher like that. You Gotta get over it. You gotta, you gotta, you think of how much time you'll save. That's like taking a sponge bath right before you get into the shower. Yeah, I'm okay with that. And As much as I preach it, I still also scrape. No, yeah. I'm, I'm a hundred percent a hypocrite. I'm right there with you, mark. The Faucet is running the entire time I'm loading dishes and I know I'm like wasting so much work while I'm doing That. It's on hot. Like I go, ugh. I make mac and cheese and that pot is shiny clean before I put in the dish.


I cannot even leave the cheese in there. It, I can't. I know it's, I always soak pans before I put it in the dishwasher. I soak 'em For hours and I'm like, God, the dishwasher doesn't soak 'em. I sure doesn't. I have a pan soaking upstairs right now. I Think there's a pan soaking in my sink right now. It's Happening. We need to go Away from enzymatic soaks we'd to go back to the good old days where we had to clean our dishes before putting 'em in the dishwasher. Just let me clean everything in my life with borax powder. Mm. Now they're just making slime out of it. All right, we're done. Can you read my points first? So Bob, Okay. You lost a point. New Jumanji fan can abide by that. I stand by it. You did get a bonus point because this was your idea.


So that is good. You got a car start chasm point because the noise you made when you started your frozen car, you, oh, this is your superpower charger seeking missile. You, you really know where your chargers are. Iria, which was the segue point that that Was funny. Oh, I gave you a separate segue point that says Plus seg Ire can be funny on its own. I think I meant to do sway point and I somehow wrote seg point afterwards, but it's written down and there's a plus. You know What? Give them the two. They're both. It was funny. All right. Okay. All right. It was Funny. I laughed. I told you to give him the point and then it was also a segue. I would want two points for that.


Therefore you should give him, I Got you aromatic king glasses. Slob the meat of the matter for getting the context of something, the real question. And then soften up your towel that Who doesn't like a nice softened towel after a crisp shower? You know I'm all for like steaming your towel man. But not the 20-year-old one that hasn't been washed. Okay. It was like 12 years tops. So calm Down Wade. You got a point for luck. An old Jumanji great reference with the scream. That Scream is so good. Dude, that scream is, ugh. You got a handsome point. You're looking particularly good today. Must be your bi-daily showers. You got a supervision point for having the same bacteria vision that I do.


You got animorphs for kids for, For adults too. Animorphs for kids. You got licking ear holes. You got a good point. Point. Ugh for having a good point. You got a point for, look Ma, I'm at the Chocolate factory. Oh, Come on. I don't want that. Wayne had so many gross ones today. Ew. That was a close match with the negative point. Bob. You had plus nine minus one that puts you at eight and that puts weight at seven. The bonus segue point only prevented a tie round. Oh, damnit. We could've made Mark to have solo episode So it would've been a A wheel. Which we are up at 12% for a reminder for the one man show.


I'm sorry I let us down. Hooray. Someday that will be tripped. And it almost was today. That's my bad everyone. Bye Bob. Congratulations Wade. You saved us. Saved me from the one man show. I said Bob, I from the real work having to write it. I know who wants to write Stuff. Well that's what you had GT's for. Am I right everybody? Everyone loves Chappy gt. Let's go a winner speech first this time. I haven't won since the episode before last, so it was feeling like it had been a long time. But it's good to finally be back here. You know, if you go too long without winning, it's just sad, I guess. I don't like to be sad. I'll let Wade be sad. That's fine by me.


Thanks Mark, for keeping it fair. And thank you to all of the listeners today because arbitrarily I favor you right now. Go listeners. Boo Watchers, winner out. All right, loser. Hey Loser here. But Loser starts with a W watcher and that's why you and I are in this together. I'm team watcher, Wade Loser. Both start with W for wins 'cause we're the real winners. Somehow I thought it was a great episode. I thought Bob Mark had a good idea and I thought that being the only one not on the inn, on the idea, I had an advantage.


Mark stepped away. I gave myself a point, really thought I put myself in the driver's seat and I did. Unfortunately, the driver's seat was right between some shit caked butt cheeks and we crashed. But I'm glad you were here to watch it. Watchers Loser speech out. I have run out of recycled paper. I'm gonna need to actually get some for the next time I win, which will inevitably be the episode after Bob's. For reasons that are so obvious, we can't even say why. Thank you everybody so much for listening. Remember your obligations and hope you enjoyed the Easter egg at that timestamp that really changed your existence. And Also No merch ever, ever.


Question mark. The new distractable sniper knife. We could start a Distractible weapons division. You know, we could just, life is ours to choose. We could make a very hard pivot and just start manufacturing. Tony Stark level weapons. I was gonna say, can we be like the Stark industries of podcasts? We'd probably be like Hammer Tech, you know, with, I don't wanna be Hammer Tech. Yeah, I was gonna say, I feel like we'd, we would feel more like the Hammer Tech role, but then you could dance real good to the fun song in the airplane hanger Right before everything goes to shit. That's real cool. That's true, that's true. And he still made money. He still sold weapons. So, so long as we get the American government on our side and the military industrial complex, I think we'll be okay.


Thank you everybody so much for listening and or watching. Be sure to subscribe or follow for more podcast stuff and then when we take over the world, if you didn't follow or subscribe to us, we'll remember I won't podcast out.