
This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot Couch. Co-op is coming back. I feel it in my bones. There's a new game that I just played recently where you use your phone as a controller and I think building the perfect room for Couch Co-op is in my future. You Need to go to the Home Depot and to their tools section, their power tools of which they have many. Just buy all the power tools in that aisle and go home and then all your problems are solved. How many tools per square foot are we talking? Do I need enough tools to cover the floor or to reach the ceiling, or You just need more tools? You don't need to have a number that you need to reach. You just need to get all the way up until you can't buy anymore.


Then you have enough. But it's not enough because that was a trick question. You'll never have enough. You can have it delivered. So people like me that don't like to leave their house and or don't have cars can just have everything they need brought to them. It's the ultimate Lazy Man's construction method. Click or tap the banner to shop. Now. This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc Crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces.


It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken Sauce goes on Chicken New Mc Krispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for Dip only at McDonald's. What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, a goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling, we have an answer.


Learn more at today's military.com. This episode of Distractible is brought to you by DOOM. The Dark Ages. Its software presents DOOM, The Dark Ages, a dark fantasy sci-fi experience that brings epic combat and over the top visuals to the legendary DOOM franchise dominate demon infested battlefields with devastating weapons. Soar on a Mecca dragon and witness the creation of a legend as the Slayer takes on hell itself. Dom The Dark Ages launches May 15th on Xbox Series X and S, PlayStation five and PC pre-order Now bring it in for mature. Good evening gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible.


This episode Biscuity Bob gets his print on Go will Squidward and asks the studs to wet his appetite. Wallack and Wade goes to the movies, loses a weekend, has a car update, experiences blood lust, and does Dracul Minecraft. Mark fails an unboxing Charles to Basque and advertises ghostly astronomy from imaginary assault, too thick deforestation. Yeah, it's time for three Word Sales Pitch. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to every Parakeets favorite podcast that their owner puts on when they leave the house. Ah, Distractable. That's right. You're listening to Distractible. I'm your host. My name is Bob and I get the host because I won the last one. We have rules here. Well that's kind of the one rule. If you win the episode, you host the next episode and so on and so on in perpetuity until one of us dies or the universe comes to a complete heat death. We'll see which one comes first. It's a real close race on that one. Yeah, it's a tight one. It's hard to tell which is really gonna happen. The models go both ways depending on, you know, slight tweaks to the parameters. Anyway, my competitors for today are Mark and Wade.


Just like always say hi, I'll prompt you this time. Say hi. Hi. Hi. Aye. Aye. Good job. I was really thinking one of you was just gonna start talking, but I instructed you to say hi and you only said hi and I'd appreciate that. You know what, you each get a good following instructions point. That's a strong start for both of you. I have, I'm the host, which means I have a game we're gonna play And it may or may not be any good at all. We will determine that at a later date. But we always start these out with small talk. And it's been a minute since we've all seen each other. You can probably tell 'cause our shirts changed, which means we went somewhere, changed our shirts and now we're here again. So something happened.


Right? Right. Please, please tell me something happened. I was trying to think of what happened. I know there was something I was gonna say during small talk. I've promptly forgotten about it. No idea how many dozens of times I've done that. It was something I was like, oh wow, this thing, yada yada blah blah, small talk. Can you imagine if I actually remembered it right now, you'd be flower guessed at how incredible my life would seem. I'd be giving you points. Imagine you giving me points. It's like the end of gamer. You ever seen gamer like imagine me driving this knife into your gut. Imagine you riding down points for me. Imagine it. Oh My God, it, it's working.


I'm envision Imaginating is what I call it. Something happened. Anyway, good small talk. Mark gamer's, the one with Gerard Butler and Dexter, right? And Michael Sea Hall. I don't know why I remember their names. I'm really bad at names. I never remember Michael Sea Hall For, for a movie that I barely watched. Like I watched passively. I really remember that movie a lot. I don't know why There's something about it that really, I've seen it once. I watched it on an airplane And it was one of those where I was like, Ugh, what's on here? And I just watched it literally because I was bored on an airplane and I al I also remember huge chunks of that movie for no apparent reason.


Remember them going face to face Cable Castle and then Michael C. Hall starts singing the Under Your Skin song. The Dance at the End. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't think that's how they dance, but you know. No, no, that was it. That was it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Michael C. Hall trained for months to do that exact move. He showed up on set and all the directors and all the producers were like, oh, oh, What a film. What a cinema Wild times. That's background. If no one thought video games could be good movies, now we know either that or differently. Chicken Jockey Man, have I still not seen anything about that movie except those two words.


I only understand that for some reason people destroy movie theaters. 'cause did we talk about this? I don't Know that we actually did, but people Go into the Minecraft movie and when something about when the chicken jockey scene happens, they just fucking throw their popcorn and erupt into an explosion of bullshit and just trash the entire theater just because fuck those minimum wage workers who have to clean that up later. I don't understand. I don't know what, I don't know what goes on. I haven't seen it. So obviously I'm, I'm in the outgroup here. But great small talk mark. Thank you. Thank you very much Wade. Good luck. What happened to you in the last stretch of time? Well, we, we talked after I did the Hot Ones challenge, right? I played basketball.


That was last Monday, I think like a week ago last Thursday. So it was the 20th anniversary, revenge of the fifth. I think I told you guys I was taking my niece that's local and my nephews and we went to see Revenge of the Fifth. So they were like seven of my family members in a theater watching a movie. And it stayed quiet. Oh and peaceful. And people like shared popcorn and stuff. And it was like family that you'd think in theory of whenever you imagine people going to a theater, that Sounds Nice. And I've never had that experience before, so I didn't know what to do. I was like, I don't need to scold or shoot anyone. Do I get to watch movie?


I get to watch movie and then the movie was over. I was like, I've been contemplating watching the movie the whole time that I missed it. Not actually, but it, no, it was good. It was a good experience. It was fun to see. I don't know, there's some great movies, right? Like I don't know that Star Wars is ever gonna be like the number one movie of all time. But I don't know that there's a moment that gives me chills or like gives me that like hyped up feeling more than being in a theater and hearing the opening crawl just like start to appear in like the, like that feeling that first happens is pretty awesome a long time ago. Dead silence right to the trumpets and stuff going off is a pretty awesome theater feeling. So all movies should start that way for you.


Just like a synopsis of what you're about to see Special Wade opening. I don't think it would work for any other movie. Like it's such a weird thing that's unique to Star Wars. Like you go to see the Notebook and it's like, It would work for Pulp Fiction. 'cause the pul pulp fiction starts with the radio. They're scanning the radio and you just, one of them is just the Star Wars theme And it just starts and you do the whole thing. And then it's like, and then it goes right into the, you don't even have to change the movie. You just cut that in at the beginning. God, I've not seen that movie in so long. I thought the opening scene was in the restaurant. That is not the opening scene I don't think, is it?


No. Yes. No, It's in the it's in the car right? On the, they're on the way to the guy who has the burger. I believe you. It's just also been like 20 years for Me. Well now you're making me question my reality. I'm gonna give you a point for that. I think the quiet place should open that way. They show the orchestra And it just subtitles. It's like subdued trumpet. No, no, it's full on. Just like you get a nice quiet, you know, landscape, you scene set and then all the monsters come running. So it's like, it shows you if there's, if there's noise that Would kind of work though. It it does the whole, it does the whole crawl into space and then it slowly like pans down to the planet and zooms in and right as it's zooming in and the strings are all And it like fades out, then it's just quiet for the whole rest of everything.


This works with every movie. This is a great idea. Thank You. It was Wades, but I'll take credit. Mark agrees. It's such a good idea. It's his now. All right. I mean I, who am I to argue with the host? Is Mark the host now too? Well, No, you just said that it was his idea now. So I I said that he said that it's his idea. Well, I agree with you. I'm glad we can agree on something. I didn't do anything else. I I think I, Friday, Saturday and Sunday don't exist anymore for me. I, I don't know what happened those three days. What does that mean? I can't Remember. Like, you're so busy or like you don't, you get out of bed. I just can't remember those three days.


You must exist. I mean you don't have to exist. I just sort of assume that you do. I think I do. I just, I don't recall those days. I feel like you should see a doctor about that if you just got sudden days. You know what? I did have one thing I remember now yester not, not last night, night before. I had this weird nightmare. I've never had one quite like it. It was the, the actual nightmare itself was relatively boring. Right? I was like in a house and there was a, a teenage Mutant ninja turtle. No, no. Just like a boy. You're right. It is boring. Go on. And he's like, you have to help me. My parents, something's happened and I go to help him. I'm somehow, I'm in their like house. I'm upstairs in their house and he's like coming to me like I need to help them and they're like zombies or some kind of whatever and I go to help.


But it turns out he was also one. But he was just like playing like he was still fine and he killed me and I kinda like woke up like, you know, like you do when you die in a nightmare. Tried to go back to sleep. The same dream. But I tried to help in a different way. Woke up after dying and like four or five times I had the same dream where I was aware that I was having the same dream and I was like, well I gotta approached a different way. Four of me are already dead. Like there's only so many more of me left. And it got me thinking about like, I don't know what if there's like a central u and a whole bunch of yous in other universes and when something happens to them, something happens to like the main one where he loses part of himself or something. And I was just like having trouble sleeping 'cause I was like thinking about this but also the nightmare.


And then there was this really loud annoying noise outside and I got like, no sleep that night. What what, what was the, what was the noise? What was the outside noise? Wait, never Figured it out. How long did the noise go on? You didn't like look out the window or something? Well It, it sounded like it was like construction like down the road or something is what it sounded like. Just, just throw out there like, and all night there was this horrible screeching outside of our window Anyway. No, it was like a weird riy noise far enough away where I knew it wasn't my problem but it was close enough where it was annoying. I dunno, I've never had a dream where I've approached it from different ways. It's like either you have the same nightmare or you have, I don't know, this was like thematic like ha back here again. Like groundhog day nightmare.


I've never had it like that Sounds kinda like you're having nightmares about all the different ways your house is trying to kill you and destroy your life and all the different ways you've tried to fix it and not succeeded somehow. Oh, Analyzed. Well interesting. Small talk. Almost as interesting as Mark's small talk that he definitely said out loud. And I didn't just make up in my head. Look, I, I did stuff. Oh Wow. There's a purple light. Oh whoa. It's actively currently three dimensionally printing. Look at that. Is that a prsa? It's the cheapest, cheapest one that they sold on model price.com three years ago. It's an MP select V three but print area is almost four inches cubed.


It means I can almost print something that's of a usable size now. I am, I'm I'm, I'm sort of just getting back into the hobby now and I'm gonna buy something new long term, but I'm like, I might as well practice. I've got this little guy and he seems to be, it was a bitch and a half to get him working. He sat for two years 'cause he sat after we moved and I just said, And it does not automatically level its own bed. Yeah. Do that shit by turning set screws and God was that miserable. But it's very level now and it's printing, it's printing pretty well also. I was originally, I was using filament that I bought three years ago when I bought the thing. Turns out that's not good for filament.


It was not in a, in an airtight anything. It was just a roll of filament that's been kicking around my house and moved across the country. I think it had a little humidity and possibly bugs in it and the printer didn't care for that. But anyway, you know, 3D, 3D printing stuff. It's fun. I'm like you Mark, I make things, you know I actually, it's funny 'cause all the 3D printers that PRSA has sent are here and set up And it was only after all of them were out of the box and set up that I remembered. Oh yeah, I was supposed to film some of that and then I looked at all of them finished and I'm like, fuck shit, shit And start taking 'em apart.


No, I'm gonna put one fully assembled in a box that I'm just like, alright, I'm gonna do it in like fusion or So I just have like constant just like printer after printer coming up out of it. Like, wow, look at this. Just take, take one box and like hold it up like a box of cereal and like dump all of them out all at once. Probably a big box. Oh Alexian, do that. Just, just Film yourself. Just doing that with nothing else. Be like, Hey Alexian, make a, can you make the printers fall out and then like bounce around and land in their spots where they are. It's So easy. Just can you just, okay for once just Edit Mark putting one together.


This Is what editors are all about. Bob, I'm gonna dump a box of 3D printers on your head. So here we go. Oh, they're, they're smacking me in the face. Please don't put a big penis in front of me, please. Just, oh god. All right. Well as long as it's so big you can't tell exactly if it is or isn't a penis. We probably won't even get in trouble. Mark, you get a jerk in it. Point. I miss our old Minecraft dreams. We Do that a lot in Minecraft. I guess we did make Smokey the Bear with a huge penis coming out of his black leather thong. You know how many times we tried to do penis cannons? Oh, Oh yeah, that's true.


Oh that was a thing we did a lot wasn't it? And it only worked the last time when we cheated because literally we had zombie or whoever on the server just like make one that worked and we showed up to it And it worked. That poor man we're just like zombie. We need a working penis cannon. I cannot imagine why he ever agreed to let us come back or continued to participate in all of that bullshit. But he, he was a trooper and we would've had nothing without him. I mean we would've figured it out but you know. No, We're intelligent, we were drunk. Good at stuff when you're drunk. That's true. Wait, you're the host.


Yeah. Ah, there it is. By the way, I didn't kill someone and this isn't like a fresh tattoo or something. This is just a scratch that happens to be in the shape of a teardrop right by my eye. I didn't kill anybody. Keep saying that. It sounds more true every time you say it vehemently. Is that what that means? I thought it was a thing Mimes did. Yes. They're both true. One meaning of I think the teardrop tattoo is in some gang cultures or some specific cultures that you get one for each, like person you kill or something. At least that's what TV tells me. So One for each movie that made me cry.


Yeah, you should definitely get stole. Start start getting those. That'll that'll be good. This episode is brought to you by World Id Ever Missed Out on concert tickets Because of Bots World ID is a digital identity that anonymously proves you are a unique human online. It's like a priority lane for humans. In the age of ai, you can easily and privately prove you are a human online and access things. Only humans should like event tickets, dating apps, financial services, and video games. Join millions of humans across more than 160 countries and get your free world ID by visiting world.org. This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees.


Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible. Offer is valid for a limited time and turns and conditions made. Why? This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges That's so big Men, LA's big like Cincinnati, Thankfully Vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit Squeezed Lemonade and Triple X acai, blueberry Pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city.


So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin Water today. Copyright 2025 Glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So this episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool Rush deodorant. So remember last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. Guess what degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. You've Gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So soon you'll see why it's been the number one men's anti purser for the last decade. The OG degree. Cool Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


Anyway. You guys wanna play a game? Do you wanna play A game? Almost Sig Sig Jaw. Is that Sig? Is that you? SIGs Jaw. I'm sorry, I had a stroke. Trying to say Jigsaw. Is that Sigma Jigsaw Sig? I have a game and I have two different dice windows pulled up 'cause there's gonna be Dice Guys. Plus this game is basically stolen from our favorite collective show of all time and definitely not the inspiration for this podcast. Whose line is it? Anyway? Let's make a dice. I remember that one. No, No. Well, I actually don't remember what it's called. What's the show? What's the, what's the bit called where It's Colin and Ryan almost always.


And they have like a box of random shit and they're doing, they're like selling it. They're like, look at this next product. Do you wish you had more hair on your ass? Blah. And then they have like, it's like props. I could not remember what that show was called and could not be fucked to go Google it apparently. Is it the one where everyone participates but they're like the ones doing the announcing for it or something? No, it's just them. It's like they're selling the products, right? So it's just a box of of random ridiculous props and they just have to be like, and this next thing, and you'll need one of these if you're, you have trouble dropping your chickens when you roast them or whatever. Weird stuff. It's a very specific game. Anyway, you guys are gonna be selling me some shit, but you don't just get to sell me.


Well, and since this is a podcast which listeners have repeatedly informed me is a, an audio medium. Apparently it's very offensive when we do visual based gags. People seem to be quite bothered by that. You don't get props, you're not doing anything visual. You get words, you get three words. In fact, I have eight lists of words. Each list has a theme such as food or technology or six other ones. And each B list also has 20 words on it. So I'm gonna roll a D eight and then roll a D 20 and do that three times. And those are the words you get.


Who goes first? I had my coin and I also put that away for some reason. Even though I had it just, you know what? I'm not gonna take it outta the case. Marcus tails wade. His heads. The lady is up. Wade goes first. All right Wayne. So you're gonna sell me and all of the words don't have to be in like the title of the thing, but you have to use all three words in your pitch. And Mark. Then you're gonna use the same three words and you have to sell me a better product or service. It could be a service. We live in a modern world and the words for this round are we got, we got three 14, which is scoreboard.


And then we have four and eight, which is pancake. And then we have four and 17, which is biscuit. So your words are scoreboard, pancake, and biscuit. And I have a certain amount of time to sell this. Or how's this work? I'm gonna sort of feel that out. I'm gonna start a stopwatch counting up. And when it gets too high, I'll tell you to stop. Okay, are you ready for me or you need a second? I'm just writing down to make sure I remember these beautiful words. Go. The floor is yours. Shark tank me. We all know we love breakfast. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, but sometimes waking up when we're a little bit tired and groggy, not so fun.


So I have the new breakfast arena for you. We're making biscuits, making pancakes, getting some orange juice, fried eggs. It's gonna be a blast because you, your wife, husband, whatever. Your children, you're competing to make the best item for that breakfast. New breakfast arena. Brought to you by me, the creator running around. Oh, needs some dough. Better make it through the hoop. Oh, it landed right in the pan. That's the point for team biscuit. Oh, but what about team oj? They're pouring down the slide. Better get through it. Team oj. Oh, not quite in time. Biscuit's still leading pancake. Where'd it go? It's flipping.


It's flipping. It's flipping. Perfect. Landing Score. Breakfast arena coming soon. I'd eat that. Play that play that. I guess you're selling the, and I appreciate that. You never actually said the word scoreboard, but there was scoreboard, which I will count. That's Good. 'cause I thought I said it. I'm, yeah. Yeah. You said the word score. Thanks, your honor. You repeatedly referenced the scoreboard. I'll count that. That works. That's good. Mark, are you ready? Pancake, biscuit. And it's on a scoreboard. Pancake biscuit. And it's on a scoreboard. Pancake. Biscuit on a scoreboard. Pancake biscuit. Uhuh.


Are we having a two sentence horror story? Trying today? 'cause I really hope, we'll I literally invented this game because I was like, man, mark does really well when there are specific numbers of language things. Let's, instead of two sentences, let's do three words. Mark will crush this. I Did. It's a reference. I'm gonna, I'm gonna be honest, it was so awful that I immediately was dismissive of it, but it was so memorable that I've forgotten completely anything that Wade said. And all I can think is the song. I don't feel good, but, All right. Wait, it was a ref. Was that a, was that a SCUs reference?


Yeah it Was. I don't even remember how the original story. Chicken And it. Chicken and a biscuit Chicken. Yeah, something like that. Nugget. Nugget biscuit. No nugget in a biscuit. That's right. Oh yeah. Dip it all in mashed potatoes. That's what I was, that was the scoreboard part. You know Wade, you know I do not, I never watched Cus I did watch him run around a convention one time. Like a psychopath. Didn't we all? That's how we did. That's how he did everything. Like a psychopath. Well anyway, it was a reference. It wasn't just random. I thought you just pulled that out of your ass. And I was like, well at least he has a tune for it. Well hey, if I did, you know, Hey, I got confidence. I got confidence. Man, that makes you less creative than I Thought. I don't even know what he's referencing.


I just believe him anyway. I'm not gonna say who Winsy trow. I was originally gonna just announce the winy trow. But I like the mystery. And also, I'm gonna have to think about that one for a while 'cause it's really making me question this whole premise. But that's okay. Mark, you get to go first in the next round. Can't Wait. I can't either. Where the words will be a one and a three. That's gravity. Oh good. And then an eight and a nine. Oh it's in the spooky words. Mark. You love these? Oh boy, That's apparition. Apparition. Alright, So four and a 16.


16. That's sushi gravity. Apparition sushi. Okay, gravity Apparition. And it's eating sushi gravity apparition. And it's eating sushi. No, it's rolled into a sushi. Obviously I would make it a cannoli. You're allowed to use words that aren't on the list. Also, did I really not put cannoli on this list of food? Man, I don't reference anything ever. I'd be a terrible TV writer. You'll never guess what I'm Googling right now. Are you trying to figure out what gravity is? What is this? Nope. Nope. He's like apparition. Welcome To the first sushi restaurant in space.


You won't have no gravity here. You'll be eating your sushi flowing through the air. I got the ghost of Sto Takahashi here. A real dead apparition to cook you. Your sushi. Not a lot of cooking going on, mostly just cuts it up. But he's good for a ghost and you are gonna be good for paying money for this fish. It gets sent up with a catapulting space flash frozen in an instant right into our back door. You get sushi from the water to your mouth. All in the first sushi restaurant in space. Come with your friends, you never leave. Does that Ed get Ed Edgar adopt a lot Space sushi bar.


Yeah, sure. I'm assuming that person is like the inventor of sushi or something. Is that No, I just looked up. I wish I had Googled that. I looked up Japanese last name. That's what I could have. Yes, they could have Sushi. I mean there's probably not like one person who's credited with inventing sushi. I guess that's not how that, Oh yep, there is. Ha Hania Yohe. I got the ghost of Hania Yohe. That would've been even better. Ha. Yo, hey, I'd go there. Listen me Katie Perry and all those other people who went up on the penis rocket and go eat some sushi in space.


I'm into it. How much does that cost? A couple million. Who doesn't have that laid around? Also? You know, it is quite fresh fish right outta the ocean. Oh yeah. Literally the idea of catapulting the fish into space. It's, it's just about as flash frozen as you can get. I would imagine if it actually would, can it burn up while it's leaving the atmosphere? It'd Be perfectly tempura if You throw its skin side out and the skin acts as a heat shield. But then you get that crispy skin. You know What a name for a porno skin side out skin. What is that? A horror porn. A poer. A Poor porno Horno.


Oh, ooh. Horn horno. Horno. What? Oh, he doesn't know that. Literally the last episode I hosted, we made fun of Wade for not knowing Game of Thrones. 'cause he couldn't say, Arian, let's keep everything I'd host Mark. I think we need to work in as many Game of Thrones references as possible. Man. It's like, for some reason YouTube shorts. Wish I deleted TikTok and then I started scrolling YouTube shorts. And at first it was fine and now it it, I don't know why I I skip past them. I don't watch them.


It just gives me movie and TV show experts. That's like the main short form thing. I swear to God. That's all, that's all I get a lot of the time. Especially on YouTube shorts. I get that In people dancing. You get the, you still get the dances. I somehow, I've convinced the algorithm. I don't give a fuck about all the dance trends on all those short forms things. But I get the TV clips. I get a lot of Bob Odenkirk movies and I get a lot of Game of Thrones. You, you and I must have the same feed because it's, it's just that. It's bad Breaking Bad Better Call Saul and Game of Thrones. That's it. I See a lot of those too actually. It's always at the same three stupid songs in it to try to, God. Anyway, It's a TV show and it's like a dialogue scene.


And then there's just a song that's like 300% as loud as any of the dialogue. It's good. I've watched most of the third season of Breaking Bad that way. Wait, did you wanna do this one or you just wanna concede this one to Mark? Oh no, I'm ready. All right. I want you to picture your glasses holding like a stick, like a teacher. Stick for a second. Teacher stick. Got it. Teacher stick. And action. Are you tired of ghosts in your kitchen trying to eat dinner but they're on a mission. If you and your friends what peace like we do, Hey, we gotta try our new ghost trap. We're ready to assist you. Do you have apparitions in your kitchen causing you quite a stir? Well we have the new apparition trap ready for you.


It uses a, a gravity based system that lures them in. And we have learned a very unusual secret that ghosts are attracted to dead fish. Therefore we use sushi as a bait. We place it on the trap, the ghosts fly over, grab the sushi, the gravity well sucks them in and they're put in the trap bringing you peace and you don't have to leave the dinner table to catch them and you can enjoy your meal. Call us today. Who are the people on the side? You don't know that reference. What does no one here know? References. That was the Ghostbusters Fit. That was the Ghost Busters. When they're on the tv, they're commercial. We are ready to believe you. I don't think I've ever actually seen Ghostbusters. What? Not fully. I mean I've seen pretty much all of it.


The first one you gotta see, it's quite good. Epic Rap Battles did a good parody of MythBusters Ghostbusters where they also do the TV scene. A lot of references to That. Anyway, I got the reference buddy. I I'm glad I, as soon as you started I was like, ah, teacher stick. I didn't want to give it away, but I wanted to get the visual going. Those Were surprisingly good and I appreciate that you're both funnier people than I Am. It's all downhill from here. That's How I've felt since we started. But that wasn't uphill. That was good. That was good for both of you guys. I was really glad that we talked for a while about stuff after Marx. 'cause I thought of the idea, I was like, Ghostbusters thing, how does that go? I gotta write a whole thing real quick. And you guys were like, chat, chat. I was like, yes, yes.


Chat, chat, chat. Game of Thrones. Great. Love it. Oh, oh, the door. Who door or whatever. We said, Okay, that Oil Baron character that Andrew Driver played on SNL in that one sketch Drink from the Soils Tet Boy, look at me when I'm speaking to you. Yeah, that Guy. What was his name? I remember HR Pickens. I can't remember his hr. Pickens is the one who was scrambling. That's his Rival. The Dirt. Who is HR Pickens. Exactly. I wanna be you when I grow up. And so you shall Bring it. Driver voice actually got his, you got his big mouth articulations I think what he calls a teacher marm. And she's like, okay. Yeah.


He comes in for career day. If you've never seen it. Oh, I've seen it. I was talking to the audience. There's this, there's an audience member named Mark too. Next words. I remember my small talk. The small talk interlude quick. It Killed Wade. Oh, I wasn't prepared. Nobody's prepared for the small talk interlude. It's really Not that incredible. I just remembered that. Yeah, I, I remember what it was about because I got excited about something that you guys would probably find very boring. And that's the title of this episode's. Mark remembers at 38 minutes.


Here's the Thing, I I, for the longest time I've enjoyed this particular microphone on my camera. When we were using DSLRs mostly to do it it you might recognize it's a stereo microphone that looks like a V. Yeah, That one somewhere. I've got one of those. Yeah. I like it because you know, I think that the stereo microphone, it, it's how we filmed date and who killed Mark Blair and all those old ones like this sound was not terrible because we had that microphone on the camera and that was pretty much picking up everything. And it was first to it. Er announced a new stereo microphone that is nothing like that one at all.


But it's a better stereo microphone. All Right. I got really excited about it because I like, I like stereo microphones and when I've tried to do the thing where you get two microphones in that are the same and you put them side by side for stereo. But the problem is if you don't get a matched pair, it's there can be differences And it, I don't know, it's just like it's, it doesn't quite work all the time. 'cause this signals can be get out of alignment or I, I don't have, I know there's hardware that could do that, but it's like a stereo microphone Science, you know? Yeah. 'cause I've gotten used to using boom microphones and this is a stereo boom microphone and it's quite expensive but I believe in really good sound and whatever you're doing. So I ordered one And it shipped.


I love what stuff ships. That's very exciting man. This small tire was not worth interrupting. I Remember my small talk. Do you? Yeah, when you said the word shipped my car's at port. Oh, oh no. Oh God. In Germany or at port in US Germany. Oh that's not very close. It was assigned a carrier And it made me think they put cars on aircraft carriers. So I was like that's stupid. They must mean a different kind of carrier. But I've never imagined the boat that cars ship on. So I was like, is it the Titanic? Are people having sex in my car or is an aircraft carrier where fighters are landing? You Made the ti. We did the Titanic joke the last time we talked about your car.


It's still funny, right? I mean it was as funny this time as it was last time. So you got that going for you. But It's at port, it's built. So it is actually like sitting in a port somewhere collecting salt, ruining the paint, finish corroding the electronic connections that will make it turn it into a lemon before it even arrives on American soil any Day Now. Well how long does it take to get across the Atlantic these days? Like two to four weeks. Well, but how long is it actually gonna be on a boat where if the boat sinks, your car sinks to the bottom of the ocean And that's about by the funniest thing I could imagine happening in Perpetuity. It's like a week, right? The crossing like four, four or five days Tops. No, it says two to four. Expect two to four weeks for it to cross the ocean is what it says.


That's so that's like longer than the Titanic would have took if it made it. I think it's because it stops other places along the way. Like other ports across like Europe or whatever. It doesn't just go directly from Germany to Cincinnati. Apparently there's other places in between. I'd say get that bad boy off that boat ASAP and just land ship it the rest of the way as soon as that's an option because you just know that boat's gonna sink in a hilarious way with Wade's car on In 10 to 20 days, they're only gonna lose one container like Wave. Geez. Oh thank God. Only one. They're gonna drive past an iceberg and be like, ah, we're clear captain. And then the iceberg's just gonna be like osh and peel one container off the top and that's Wade's car.


It reaches in, grabs mine and then like beats it against its own head and throws it. It peels it open And it is like, oh Wade's car. I got like a weird old head of Barbera animation glacier just out in the middle of the real ocean. No, what it is is it's the Kraken but ships have gotten a lot bigger so it's just like, ah, trying to reach up it. Grab one. Ah, Fuck you and throw The ocean. It's an old Kraken dying of old age, eh? Fuck you. 30 years ago I could have taken down the whole boat. I'd like to think your cargo container has weighed in a heart on the side of it.


Just so we know. No, they actually got my name wrong. They put George but they spelled it G-O-E-R-G-E. So it was like gorge on everything. You're never getting it. Your car's actually sitting at BMW with a big thing on it that says Gorge barn. And you go in and you're like, that's my car. I ordered that. You're like, nah, this is gorgeous car. You can't have gorge car tell you, show me a birth certificate with that name on it. We're keeping this right here. Yeah, that's a German name if ever I heard I I gave up on doing the German accent That way. Yeah, ya was sufficient to get it across. I'm with you. I'm with You.


That's a German name. Don't ya know, you know the Canadian German provinces Derini? Well part of NY is Canadian. That's no, no Ka It was ny cuny. Oh, hold the door Korny. YYY. That's all they say. Ya Eek. I'm gonna hold the door for you there. Sorry Minnesota family. That all should have happened a little while ago, but I'm, I'm going to allow it because that was really good. Small. That was even better than I imagined. I can't believe we talked about those things.


I've already blanked on all of them. Don't you feel bad about your microphone? Small talk. The subreddit specifically said it was only one person, but I'm gonna say it was the subreddit collectively said your small talk where you talk about specific things that you really are interested in and know a lot about is way more interesting than when Wade and I talk about our lives or any like human family, stupid bullshit. People are here for Mark's obsessive hyper fixations and they're interested. That's true. To learn all of the facts that he knows about these very niche but cool things that he likes. I think what they really want is for you and I just to leave the podcast and just have Mark have the small talk podcast where he talks about tech and lenses.


That's kind of the vibe that I get from the subreddit. I'm not gonna lie. I agree. Mark Mark's on board. You heard it here first. Do you want the dis the track or the tibble? We gotta split it into third. I don't want the tibble. I am the tibble. You can't have the tibble. I'm the timble. Can I have the tracted? You, you look like you might have tracked. Can I just pick the inside words of things? What about Istra? Can I be istra Stomping on my track a little bit but I'll allow it. Ah, doesn't bother me. All right, mark is istra. Can you spell dick with Distractible? I mean DIC Yeah that's basically Dick. You spell Distractible. D-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-K. No CKTI.


Fuck. Move on. I'm gonna shut up now. Oh man. He tried to spell on the podcast again. Wait a minute. Go on work. No, no, no. I got it. I got it. All right. Back to the matter at hand. It's Wade's turn. Your first word is marathon. Your second word is a six and a four. Yep. Drone. That's a good one for selling. And then your final word is blood lust. I know this one. Go for it. I'm listening. Do you suffer from terrible blood lust and you find yourself needing gas powered appliances quite often in your bloodless home?


Well I have the product for you. The new gas retreating drone can fly to the nearest marathon gas station and bring the gas directly to your door so you never have to see another beating. Because if you look another person in the eye, you and I both know what will happen. Murder, ripping of throat, removing of heart. Use the drone. Save a life. I'm with you. I got a little lost. 'cause I thought you were implying that having blood lust meant that you needed a lot of extra gas powered appliances in your home. But you just meant, you just meant that getting gas requires seeing people. You can't be around people. You're fucking tear their flesh. Yeah, And I used marathon for the gas station.


So brilliant, right? Yes. I don't know why I paused. I thought it was fine. I just paused 'cause I was like, make him wait. I don't need anyone's approval. I've got me baby. See? All right. So I came up with my idea roughly the same time. Just put that out there. Do you suffer from blood lust? Yeah. Mark, that's a great different idea. Do You suffer from lust of blood? Sorry, sorry, sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. Lithium ion batteries will kill your children and your family and it'll poison your water. Don't feed those greedy lithium miners anything.


Their blood loss cannot be stated. Hi, I'm Ted Dingleberry here to represent Marathon Gas with our new gas powered drone. Why waste anything on those stupid lithium batteries that take forever to charge when you can? Just At over 30,000 RPM our gas power drone can clear cut an Amazon rainforest in two days, flat hundreds of acres taken down refuels every few hours with clean burning gasoline. The new gas drone by Marathon.


Don't fly it at neck level. How many people could have killed in two days? Literally I ca I came up with like, yeah, marathon Gas, Gas and drone. I was like, No. You know what I, you know what touch I appreciate the most. Just like with everything you do, you focused on the quality of the audio. I love that you poll started the drone and you gave it the old ringing and then you were just like, and now I have to talk like this 'cause there's a drone behind me And it is perfection. Thank you. Thank Also, I love how your background is now the focus of your camera. It's just, Oh yeah, where am I? Because his camera Was like, I guess he wants to look back here.


He wants Me to focus over There. Okay, camera's got jokes out here. Alright Mark, you go first this time and you'll be excited 'cause I think this is gonna be our first word off the fantasy list. Ooh. Ooh, That is dagger. Ooh a good one. Ooh. Then we have a six seven, which means, see your next word is gonna be robot. Oh. And then we have a seven and a six. What the fuck? What is this? Alright. Which means your next word is going to be meadow dagger robot meadow. Don't Google Japanese last names. You can do better.


You can't tell me what to go call from the brilliant mind of Hika. Miyazaki comes the newest DLC for Elden ring. What the fuck's above the earth tree. We go to Space Featuring enormous planes, meadows and all kinds of your favorite fantasy elements like swords, bows, and daggers. But now robots in space, you'll be Eldon Lo. I could be Elden Boy. No, that's so good though because the first DLC was shadow of the air tree.


So obviously the second DLC is what the fuck is above the air tree. It's, it follows on. So obviously I've already pre-ordered that DLC. I'm pretty sure you know what? I'm glad you didn't listen to me and you Googled the one thing you always Google. Mark, I appreciate the commitment. Wait, are you ready? Ready as I'm going to be. Can I tend the rabbits? George? It's a question we don't hear often enough because tending the rabbits is very difficult with all of the different predators that are floating around the meadow.


You've got hawks, you've got raccoons, you've got bears, but not anymore. What you need is a dagger wielding robot to protect your meadow. We here at Dagger robot industries have all the dagger robots. But hey, it's not all just about protecting the beautiful rabbits and squirrels and different peaceful species in the meadow. We have another representative here. Drake. Ulysses Law. Yes. I do not live in a castle anymore. I have moved my coff into a peaceful meadow. But people want to come with a wooden stakes and daggers and stabbed me. But I got one of your dagger wielding robots and now I am protected at all times.


Ah, ah, ah. And he is not the only one. But we'll save some of the others for the other commercials. Get yourself a dagger wielding robot today. He is not the only one but they're not here. You'll have to catch our other commercials. DUI here. The other other satisfied customers. What a good cameo. Huh? I can't tell if I'm happy or sad that Drac Ulysses look came back. I have so many feelings about if the callback bonus point comes up, I have no fucking idea who's gonna ever. I think that's why I have, I think, I think it was funny, but what you really brought me back to was the moment when that reveal happened the first time where I had such an absolutely like gut reaction to how much I was disappointed but also shocked 'cause it was funny.


It's a very funny bit and I feel it feels mean. I can't just laugh at it, but it's too complicated. I'll never top it. I peaked Probably. Hi, I'm Kristen Bell. Carvana makes car buying easy. Isn't that right hun? Dax. Dax, Sorry. Did you know about this seven day money back guarantee A week to evaluate seat coms, you say A week of terrain tests. Yeah. I can test the brake pad resistance at variable speeds. Make sure all the kids' stuff fits nicely. Make sure our stuff fits nicely. Oh, the right. Still need to buy the car getting ahead of ourselves. Here. Buy your car with Carvana today.


This episode is brought to you by select quote. Life insurance can have a huge impact on our family's future with select quote, getting covered with the right policy for you is simple and affordable. Select quotes, licensed insurance agents will tailor your experience to find a life insurance policy for your needs in as little as 15 minutes. And select quote partners with carriers that provide policies for many conditions. Select quote, they shop you save. Go to select quote.com/spotify pod today to get started. Let's do one more, but let's do five words. Oh God, I'm not ready. Editors. If it's not funny. Pretend the last one was the last one.


Editors, if it's not funny, just edit their mouth. So it looks like it's funny. So your first word is six and 11. Upload. And then five and six. That will be castle. And then seven and nine, which of course is rainforest. And then two and 15, which we all know is investment. And then four and one. Ooh, what's the first word on the fourth list? I don't even know. Casserole Upload.


Castle Rainforest investment casserole. Who gets to go first? I guess markets to go first. 'cause of the way I've timed this out. That's generous of me. No, Wade went second last time. 'cause Ulysses law. Yeah. Yeah. Wade gets to go first. That's generous of me. Are you a property baron who's finding that global warming is ruining all of your investments? Did you have a nice house over on the cliffs? But the cliffs have all fallen into the ocean as the icebergs have melted and water levels have risen and all of your investments have been flooded and ruined? Well, I have the perfect solution for you. You can now upload all of your investments into a nice little disc and carry that disc into other places, other biomes, other parts of the world. And you can upload them right then and there.


Do you want a castle in the rainforest? Easy. Get your castle, upload it. Go to the nearest rainforest that's not been cut down yet by horrible, terrifying drones. And you can put your castle right then and there. We have a special one on right now where you can get three of these disks for the price of one. And on top of that you get a 10 year voucher for all you can eat at any casserole cafe. That's any casserole cafe and the continental US specifically in Alabama by today. Now I just wish Casserole cafe was a real place. It is. By today, Is it? I don't think so. Also, just to clarify completely, this is the technology that you're selling, the ability to upload physical things onto a disc and then just like, yes, that's a hell of a technology.


That's quite the invention. I had the idea then you threw casserole and I was like, how the fuck do I add casserole to this? I know. Act now. Those always give weird things. I like it. Mark, what Japanese guy did you Google this time? You shush. We here at Folgers are making grand investments to make sure every thick cup of coffee you get is the richest, smoothest flavor of coffee you could possibly imagine. Straight from the rainforest of Columbia. That we have clear cut for those local farmers who are really uppity to get out. And so we've planted even more coffee where the rainforest used to be so that you can get more thick cup loads of coffee for your morning routine.


And on that land we're going to, we're gonna build a big beautiful casserole. Oh sorry, I misspoke. A big, beautiful castle so that we can watch over our lands and ensure that our coffee is never acclaimed by that pesky rainforest or those pesky farmers ever again. Folgers, we protect our investments. Best part of waking up. Couple loads of our stuff. Couple loads of thick coffee. You like how I said thick cup at the beginning so I could get away with thick couples? Oh, it was so well done.


That's such a good use of upload as a required word too. I love it. Casserole. I misspoke casserole. Poor use of Rainforest. Sorry. I meant it's raining in the forest. Oh man. God damn God. I want a thick cup load of coffee now. You followed all the rules. I can't even be met. I want to grab my coin, but like that I can't even like I, how can I argue? You used the words, There was no game playing or maneuvering whatsoever. He just did exactly what I asked him to do. That's what I'm here for.


Hmm. I really, the only people in my life who drink coffee are like my parents. 'cause neither Mandy and I really do coffee, I really wanna just drop that next time. They're like, they come, they're in town and we're hanging out and like, Hey, you guys had your thick cup loads yet today. Can I eat you coffee dad? Mom cup load in your face hole. Go through the drive through at Starbucks. It's like, hey, can I get a, can I get a cup load of coffee? Brought my own cup. Sounds Like a slogan but it'd be like a dunking slogan. Welcome to Dunking. Can we upload you a cup load? One quick click can get you a thick cup load. Ah, there you go sir. Have a good day. Ah, Okay.


God damn, there were so many just absolute gems in that one little thing. I can't, I'm still hung up on it. Sorry I misspoke, hung up in it. In no particular order. Let's go over the, what you were in points for before we get to the wheel. Spins. Mark. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie. I was excited for this after your first go, but man, you really turned on the jets. He is not the host. What the fuck's going on here? Bob, you did a great, great episode. Oh, thanks. I had to give him his flowers. We gave him so much shit for two sentence horror stories. He did well. He deserved a Flower. Honestly, I feel like we didn't give him very much shit at all. We just laughed because he was already laughing. And that was, which a comedy show. So I feel like that was just very successful.


I maybe just not for the reasons Mark May have originally intended, but it was very funny. What was a good thing? I brought my spooky glasses or whatever the fuck It was Too bad. I was on the moon. I, I actually use that in everyday life. Literally in totally normal human situations. You know, I don't always say it out loud, but I, I think regularly I'll just be like, oh, too bad that I'm on the move. I'm think me and Amy used scary tape a lot too. Just, No, it was a scary tape. I used the scary tape. Oh my God. See we did laugh, but it's because it was actually so funny.


We could not laugh. Also, you suck at that. You both earn points for being good followers. Wade. You earn points for questioning reality. Sucking up breakfast arena Ghostbusters bit. I know this one. Drac Ulysses love coming back and the casserole cafe that I wish existed. Mark, you were in the good follower point. What in the fuck did I write? I know this pain. I feel it every time I look at My notes in ing, in bragging, in brien. Oof. And big knowing in big ing. Oh No invaginate. Remember this.


Okay, market points for invaginate jerking it nugget in a biscuit reference. Googling Japanese guys, small talk interlude, gas powered murder drone. What the fuck is above the aired tree and thick cup loads? That leaves us with both of you having some number of points And it being time to spin the wheel. What's your addition? Well, let's do this one first since I already have it open and then I'll do my addition. Oh, please. Oh boy. Oh, that's tough. All right, we're gonna have one bonus thing. My addition to the bonus point wheel will be thick thickest cup load.


Most Dracula references. I didn't actually have one prepared for this. I want it to be something about the, the thing I wish exist I wish actually existed the most from the episode. But that's really fucking obscure thing to make as a bonus. Us point. You could say like million dollar idea. Best million dollar idea. All right, I like that. Please be good to me. Wheel. 'cause you only get one spin. Wow. It almost gave you the best million dollar idea, but actually it was dropped to the most items. Oh, Did either of you actually drop anything this whole time?


No. Mark's camera dropped. Focus. Well Try to give Mark points so hard. I just try to genuinely think of moments where something dropped. I Don't know. No, I appreciate the honesty. We're gonna respin that one. That one's kind of a tie. If anyone drops stuff, it's me because I'm constantly dropping my fucking fidget spinners. I can't keep my hands off of. Ah, just wanna be loud in case If that comes up. Oh, dammit. I like that. I know this one Well, the one result was Wade gets half a point from the bonus wheel and that's it apparently Under Wheeling. Am I right?


Yeah. Freeze me Midair. Freeze freeze me. Yeah. Well Mark either won by half a point or I dominated by three. Let's say Wade, for all the things I already listed out loud, you ended up earning eight and one half points. Yes. Which is either a very respectable number or not remotely enough. It's one and a half more than seven. That Is factually true. Mark, for all that stuff I already listed, you earned nine points. What's nine? Super Nine. Yeah. Marker. Nine points. I was trying to think of a way to make it suspenseful.


I figured you, you think I was gonna say seven or something, but I did it when you went. I was like, Oh bad. Oh, well it perfectly marker. Nine points, meaning that Wade's half point bonus point was half a point too short to force me to spin the fucking wheel of torture. So Mark wins and I don't lose. Hooray. Mark. Winter speech. Wow, what a, what a show I had. I really pulled it out. I think having people not believe in me that I could do this with all the two sentence horror story stuff. Well, I've been taking two sentence horror story lessons. So if I could shake my head go yer and yer, I would. But I can't right now 'cause I'm frozen.


Anyway, thanks guys and thanks Bob and thanks Wade and thank me Wade Loser speech. Oh, what a show it has been, but it's not about me. There's no more for you to see. And I thought Mark was gonna do that. Whenever he said something to his, his start made me think he was gonna do the, anyway, good episode. It was fun. That was fun. I was worried. I was like connecting a bunch of words. I don't know if they're not too related, what we're gonna do, but I thought it turned out great. Great episode Bob. That was so nice. I would've given you, I would've given you half a points for that. I wish I'd said it sooner. Mark Goodwin, you earned it by doing more than I expected you to.


Googling so many Japanese guys. Way more. My average Japanese guy. Google search is up. You guys should have bought stock while it was low. Now look at you. Oh, I mentioned the Googled the most Japanese men should have been on the wheel. That would be a good wheel edition. Yeah, I'll keep, I'll definitely remember that. I was trying to make the joke to the Adam Driver sketch, but I can't remember the guy's HR Pounder, CCH HR Pounder. Anyway, congrats Mark. You're gonna host the next one and congrats Wade. I'm sure you'll win again someday. Make sure you follow the podcast that way you'll get notification when episode comes out. Make sure you follow us at our social medias and I'm not gonna say it 'cause I realize, you know what guys, after probably months of this happening, the editors just put it on screen.


That means we don't have to tell the listeners what our handles are. They don't get to know They can see it. Yeah, that's the thing. If you wanna know where to follow us personally, you gotta watch. You gotta earn it. So take that and that's it. Thanks so much for watching. Thanks for listening. I guess technically Mark's gonna host the next one. We're outta here. Podcast out.