
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks Root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode biting Bob Lords the spleen and Shoveler dives into a dungeon and inflicts brutal of barbarism on his buddies motherly. Mark moves self-made boxes, stands still, but slips on civil statements until they get silly whinging wage. Gets royally roasted battles blade bullocks and gets frantically fraught over flubs from actor amnesia to rugged rocks. Yes, it's time for Tongue Twisters. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of the world's favorite podcast, distractable. That's right. We're everyone's favorite podcast. Collectively, we took a vote And. it is decided. Don't look at the podcast charts. We're number one in your hearts and that's where it really matters. My name's Bob. I'll be the host for today's episode and that's 'cause I won the last one. 'cause I was the funniest and or smartest. One of us joined as always by my competitors for today and occasional hosts when they muster up a win. Mark and Wade. Hello. Hey, I thought you're just gonna both silently wave another big fuck you. To the listeners out there. I'm waving, I'm waving, I'm waving, I'm waving and I'm done.


I'm Itching my nose Anyway. Yeah. This is a show where the points do matter and you have to write them down. But also the points don't matter. I have an idea for the listeners. For the listeners. I want them listen closely. Everybody, because you're gonna, you're gonna tell us later on the subreddit, not now. Don't scream at your radio or whatever you're listening us to. Can you tell when I'm smiling talking? So I'm talking and I'm just talking and now, you know, I might shift to between something and my expression might change. Well, it's obvious, Sarah. Okay. Never. You sound so fucking mad when you smile. Todd, can you tell when I turn into Jack Nicholson?


Do you wanna know where I got these Scars? That was just for the listeners out there to show I care about you and I'm pointing at the camera, which is really a viewer thing. He Looks like he's lying. He looks like he's lying. Nope. I, no, I'm smiling when I'm talking. I care about you. Can you talk in a normal tone when you smile? Or is that outside? Apparently Not. Yeah. Anyway, there's gonna be a competition as per usual And. it will be very fair and fun as per usual, but small talk. How's it going guys? How you been? I could dive right in. I, I'd rather him dive right in. I don't Is down bad specifically a sexual thing or can be, can you be down bad about a mental thing?


I'm sorry. What's happening? No, I want to hear this. IDI yield Spoiler alert. I briefly mentioned this to you just a few minutes ago, but we didn't dive into it. I am getting roasted for not knowing the difference between Ken, Jill and or Jake. Hold on. Jake Gilet Hall. And we just said the name, it was, I just told you like two minutes ago. It was Ryan Gosling and also apparently Leonardo DiCaprio slash Brad Pitt. I think they're all the same person. And apparently the world disagrees. I I could Understand. I can't understand that, but I could understand not knowing their names. I could get That. I'm not at all offended that you don't know name. I don't know people's names.


I'm, I'm a hundred percent gonna be that that old person who's like, you know that guy from that, that movie with the car and the building. That guy. Okay. I'm bad with names. That's true. But also the things that Jake Gyllenhal is in and Ryan Gosling's in. I could see either one of them being the role and my brain can't change it. No, No. Those four men, you picked the four archetypes of Face Shape and they all have an extremely different face shape. Ryan Gosling, long Jake Gyllenhaal, I believe he has a pointed chin. Like Leo has a very small head and Brad Pitt is like a square box head. Normally Leo and Brad Pitt aren't in this. I just thought for some reason, one of the other two were in once upon a time in Hollywood, which apparently is not true.


Also in terms of roles they play and, and things that they excel at and, and acting. There're not, there is some overlap, but there's not a lot of overlap. And especially I would say Jake Gill and Hall and Ryan Gosling not a lot of overlap in their skill sets and in in what they, what they portray in their characters. Okay. One was in Spider-Man and one was in notebook Spider-Man. Which one was in Spider-Man. Yeah. Which one Was in Spider-Man, Wait, hold on. Wait. Was it one of the villain in Spider-Man? are You confusing now? What's his name? Toby McGuire into this? No, No, no. Not that Spider-Man. The the, Are you talking about Tom Holland? Spider-Man. The little British kid. Not, not as Spider-Man.


The villain. Didn't he play the dude with the on his head? Oh, you Are. He's right. Oh no. Okay. You're right. Mag. What's that guy's name? Magico Magic. Har Magico. Mystery. Mystery Man. Mysterio Mysterio. Mystery man. Yeah. That was Ryan Gien Hall or Jake Gosling. Right? Wasn't Mystery Man a movie. Yeah. Mystery Men is a fantastically underrated movie starring Ben Stiller and also a bunch of other people I definitely remember. And there's a guy who's who can become invisible, but only if nobody looks at him, which is fantastic. There's a lady who's called the Bowler who has a bowling ball that has her father's skull in it and he possesses the bowling ball and it's like a crazy way.


It's a great movie also, there's a guy called The Spleen whose superpower is just farts, which I love. Great, Great movie Mystery Men. Fantastic movie. I don't think that's the villain I was thinking of, but it's the villain we deserve. Also the shoveler. Lots of shovel action with him. Well, anyway, that's it. That's all I had to say. I, I've been getting roasted for apparently my brain not being able to separate Ryan Gosling and Jake Dillon Hall. Like if you stand far away in squint and they're both standing there without a shirt on, they don't look dissimilar. But if you look at them in a human way at their features and the way they look, they don't look very similar Across the Costco.


You see someone pushing a shopping cart, J Jay, Jake Ryan. Oh no, not this situation. Through a heavy storm across a, a long parking lot at the football stadium. You might not know if it's Ryan or Jake. I swear they look the same. There's a picture here where they've got like the light facial hair, hair kind of hoofed on the top and they look like if they were walking next to each other, they'd be like, dude, they are brothers. They're like a year apart in age. I don't know about that. Wait, they're a month apart in age. Well that's, they're definitely not brothers then. That's not how that works. But, Well, I don't know. I do know that's not how that works. When you google both of them, what I'll say is they both kind of have a similar beard and hairstyle at the moment.


Yes, they're The same. No, they're not at all. Do you, are you admitting that you're the same as every bald bearded man? The world thinks so. Paul Giani is that you? Wait, do we record a podcast with Paul Giani? Oh, I loved you as the rhino. I Loved you in sideways with Sandra O Hey, I love Sandra Bullock. No, I loved you and the lady in the water. What a twist ending. Yeah, well sometimes when you, Hey, if you play with water, you're gonna get wet. True, True. That's Very good. I like that. All. right? Well anyway, that's all I had to say. Mark. I know you had a story to tell, so please.


I don't Really have a story to tell other than we're so back baby buying random computer parts off of eBay is the success way to do everything. You know how I said that? It wasn't it is it? We're back in. Oh shit. We're so back. We're so back. Because I have not had one success. Wait, that sounds bad. I have had not just one success. I have not had one success. Not a single goddamn success. Oh, I've not had a single, I've had a double, I have now two functioning dual processor computers that I built myself.


One of which is right here. And I'm gonna show you guys, I'm so excited for this Jesus Christ. What? How, what? How is, oh my God, this is one of 'em. Jesus Christ. That's enormous. They're So portable. Marcus lifting up a very large looking computer for the listeners. It Looks like he stuffed a wig inside. Oh Wow. That's, that's one of 'em. That's large. That slides into our server rack of some port, some type. Yeah. So it's a server case. It doesn't seem to be plugged into anything. How do you know it works? I plugged it in before. I just don't have it on right now because in this room, if I have both it and this computer on, it'll blow a circuit.


Oh, fun. How many, how many did you build total So far? Two. This one is dual processors that I got off eBay. Are Those like xenon processors or whatever? Like server Ones? Yeah. So these are, they're actually these ones right here. So these, Ooh, I got these for like less than 10% of the price of what they retail for. I don't know how And I don't care. Well Just wait two weeks when they stop working Again. No, no. Didn't you build like five of these and you had to send them to Ian? I'm sorry, what? To look at them. You were like, help me. Are you trying to say Steiger Dynamics our favorite, favorite computer company? God fucking damnit.


Dude. I hate words. Yeah, that's it. Didn't they? Didn't they help? Yeah, they're helping. Okay, so is this a separate computer or one of the ones they looked at? This is a separate one. Yeah. So we're working in tandem. I'm just Trying to follow the timeline. Yeah, so what I, what else I did the second one. I have an eight GPU server out in my storage. There was no way that I could fit eight 40 nineties unless I change the cooling block. Right. So what I've been doing is I've been putting these water cooling blocks on them. The ones that were like two millimeters too thick or whatever it was. Yeah, Those are too thick. But that's not it. It's not too thick for that one. Water cooling, that whole thing would take a whole thing. So what I realized is the actual 40 90 I have, if you take off the fan off the top of it, the actual radiator is less than two slots.


There's no fans on it, but it's less than two slots. There are these stands on the sides of it that go up past two slots. All I gotta do is cut those off because I take some scissors and I'm like, it must be plastic, not plastic metal. Grab a Dremel, put the metal cutting head on it. Metal dust everywhere. All in the electronic components. That's really good for electronics. Yeah. Airbrush Blasted out. First one done. Not gonna do that again for the seven others go to Home Depot, grab tin snips. 'cause I'm like, I bet they're aluminum, not aluminum steel. So you squeeze really hard with the tin snips and you bend it back and forth. It'll break eventually. Then you got these real jagged scrapy posts on the edge of your cheek.


Oh, So sharp. So razor like after it would break off, it wouldn't break off like it would limply fall over. It would gowing And. it would go flying in a random direction. It would go. It was crazy. So seven of those went by and I fit eight GPUs into this server. And at this point I decided to Google if I was doing this right. Nope. I tried to calculate the thermal capacity of these cards if they were just purely passively cooled what the airflow would need. And then I couldn't find an answer. so I said, I bet it'll be good enough. And I turned the server on And.


it worked. It fucking worked. I was watching the temperatures. So long as I kept the power of the cards individually, you can limit the power. They're normally 450 watt a card, which at eight cards is about 3,600 watts or 3.6 kilowatts. But if you limit the power to a reasonable level, like 33% of what it should be, it works. No, no, that's fine. You don't Need to use all the power. Why not just use three cards at full Power? No, the only reason that I have a 33 right now is because it'll blow a fuse. But the reason with 40 90, that math weighed a lot of people on my member mixer pointed out it doesn't math because the 40 90 is already an overpowered card.


So at 450 watts, it's actually not as efficient as it could be. If you lower it and they've, there's tech YouTubers that have done analysis of this. You can lower the power target to 60% and only lose 10 to 15% of performance. So you gain a huge power saving up to 33% for about 10 to 15% performance loss. Which is great. It's actually phenomenal. And it's because the 40 90 was overpowered. They, they put the power target so high. It's like it's already overclocked as the design comes in. But if you bring it down, you'll get barely a dip in performance. If you're gaming, it would be imperceptible. If you're doing rendering tasks, it's the matter of like a few seconds, like longer and you can make it work.


And I'm making it work. The render form is happening. Yay. What are you gonna render once it's all done? What are you making? My movie stuff like balls and water and stuff. I'm gonna make the greatest, most high fidelity 3D porn the world has ever seen. Yes, yes. I might still have the computer tower that has, what was that game? Licious on it somewhere. If you want it back, Don't say that Republic. Oh, I mean what's porn? Is that Jake Gill Hall's new movie. Well congrats on your functional render farm. How many, how many more are you gonna make? Like how many, how big will this get? So they, Steiger Dynamics is working on six computers that have, are gonna be like the base render notes.


I've actually been talking to the people at Houdini so that they, they can know how best to set this up. Stagger dynamic can know how best to set this up in terms of networking. But I've also been working with them because I'm trying to get more CPU power. CPU power is like the thing for fluid simulations. The GPUs are great for rendering the actual final images, but the CPUs are necessary for any kind of physics simulation stuff. There might be a time in the future where that's not true, but right now you can get CPUs a lot cheaper than anything else because of the way that it's, it's structured for simulations right now. And because everyone's crazy for GPUs right now.


So that's why the professional level GPUs that actually fit in those cases are way too expensive. So if I can fit a 40 90, oh the back of the, the back of the server can't close. 'cause the 49 ERs are too tall. It looks real jank, but it works. That just includes airflow. I'm pretty sure. It Sure doesn't. Especially when you got only passively cooled cards. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna like tape off the sides where like the triangle of it goes up like this and, and I'm gonna tape off the sides. So it actually does kind of still go towards the back. Oh is it? Oh, it's supposed to be drawing And that opens up a big leak in the ic. No, all you need is just get some box fans and just aim those right in there. You're right, you're right. Or get a spray bottle when it gets too hot.


Just Yeah, get the stuff you're allowed to put your electronics into. What's that? What do we, what was that called? Dielectric flu. Just spritz it with little dielectric juice. Cool it right off. You guys wanna see what my small talk? I Don't know. Do we ever really care about the host's? Small Talk. You may notice watchers and maybe listeners if you have a really good ear. I'm not in the same room I used to be in, it's still purple, but I got this guy Flickery and also my desk does this now he's shrinking. It's kind of a watcher's bit. Hey here, I'll aim. Hey. Shrinking Bob. Wait, does ev Mark is already standing. Oh shit. Wait Wires. Oh, yours isn't set up to be sit stand natively.


Do You think I did that properly? I did. I actually put, I am, I'm very proud. I have a hole setup with two computers and all the shit on my desk connected properly and it's a sit stand desk. So get ready to see me moving around a lot. Hell yeah. I have no idea if this is the correct height. It seems right-ish. Just Hold down the up button to all the cables. Rip out. Just do it. Just go for it. Oh, I'm not sta I sat, I'm sitting Here. Doesn't yours have presets? Don't you have one of those fancy ones where you literally, Oh God, yeah. Do you think I've set those up? This desk is six years old. I've never set It up. I moved my entire office down four flights of stairs, And. it was awful. And there's a big pile of shit on the floor next to me.


Four Flights of stairs. Yeah. My office was on the second story and this is the basement. I've done a lot of stairs, but I don't have to move again anytime soon. Isn't A flight of stairs one floor to the next? I guess we, we have split stairs. We have u-shaped stairs. So you go down to a landing and then down. It Sounds more impressive. Let him have it wade. Let him Have it. I'm just trying to figure out how fucking rich this man is. Two side yards. Four flights of stairs. I took my office down 34 stairs. Okay. That's a lot of steps. He actually, his house has one of those observation roosts, you know, what do they call 'em? A widow's walk up on a big lighthouse tower.


I knew he had it brought all the way down there. We got An escalator installed and I had to go down while it was on up mode. so I brought my office. It only went down two stories, but I brought down 18 flights of stairs. Oh, also, did you guys know you can control the water pressure in your house? I Did not. There's apparently literally a valve where you can go and take like a screwdriver and change the water pressure in your entire house. And since we moved into this place, the water pressure's been kind of crappy. And we were like, oh, that sucks. I wonder if we can fix that. Yes, I fixed it in 10 minutes with a screwdriver. I'm a man. And I learned a, well actually Mandy figured out we could do that. But I did it. Damn it.


Congratulations. I didn't know you could do that. 'cause I would like to turn ours up a smidge. But I'm afraid that a smidge, something will be horribly designed and if I turn it up a smidge, it'll burst every pipe in the house at once. If I was you, I would never change anything about any plumbing in my entire life. Like you have a bad track record and it's not your fault, but also don't touch it. Fireplace. We solve the mystery of our ghost fireplace. Remember I told you like months ago our fireplace was turning itself on. Wasn't that tied into the whole maple syrup smell debacle? It was around the same time. We decided, well, okay, we, Hmm. I decided to, I was like, you know, our fireplace is turning itself on. That's probably safe. Let's wait four months to get someone to look at it. So finally got someone to look at it and somehow didn't explode.


It turned out. So under this gas fireplace, there's a little panel you can open up and there's a switch in there. So if your remote dies, you can turn it on and just have it on. You can turn it off or you can turn it to where the remote works. Cool. Makes sense. There's also a separate little function where you can turn the gas on or off to it. Sure, sure. Somebody spliced in a second switch for the on off and the second switch had exposed wires about a quarter of an inch apart. And when those wires arc or touch the fireplace just comes on And. it turns out, whenever, apparently it was like getting hot or something under there, it would either arc or the wires would be close enough to where they would just spark and turn the fireplace on. So we removed that and now we don't have ghost fireplace anymore.


Do you have any idea why they may have done that? Nope. And neither did. The guy that was looking at it, he was like, huh, I've never seen a fireplace with two on off switches underneath in the emergency on, off switch that are connected and therefore only work if the other one still has power. Yeah, that's an interesting choice. I dunno why, but it's gone. And now fireplace safe. That's what you like to hear. At the end of that safe for listeners, shrugs are happening. Oh, you could hear that s truck, you can hear that shrug. I trust the guy that told me that he was taller than me. Balder than me. Wiser than me. He was just a better version of me. He finished, he finished touching your fireplace and he looked up at you and he said, confidently, I don't think you need any more mud.


And then you knew it was fixed. This guy was so tall that I, when he was sitting, I felt like he was almost as tall as me. That might be a slight exaggeration, but this was a tall man. This was a tall man. Must be from Minnesota. It was like a six 10 man. And I felt really bad 'cause he was so tall, and yet he had to like lay on the floor, like barely able to get under the fireplace. And it's like, poor guy. He needs to be like cleaning the top of the chimney. The, the Tallness wouldn't affect his ability to lay down. I, I think it, I think he's fine. You have further to go down, man. You Have no idea. Mark. You're not a tall, you don't know what it's like. Imagine how hard it is for us to lay down. It's even harder for this fellow. Head to floor is a much greater distance when you're six 10.


In fact, it's six foot 10 away. You're right. I'll, I'll, I'll beg for forgiveness. Listeners, can you, can you tell when I'm shrugging? I'm just talking and you never know when something's gonna shrug up and down. I do one episode where we draw a mascot and now every episode, swear to God, watch the chest. That's fine. Wade draws a MAs Ont. He is a bitch. Yeah, I agree with that statement.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That Sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive, but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited talk and text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, Goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A, CT IBE $45 up. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details.


Anyway. You guys wanna play a game? Very jigsaw of you. How many questions are you gonna ask? They're not questions, but there are 30 of them. Holy Shit. It's okay. They're quick, they're easy. I'm made a mood apparently with my episode ideas, and this is not trivia, but the, I do have a list of things I've prepared and they go from easy to the last section is labeled as nonsense. I'll probably good at that part. You think that today I want you guys to do Tongue Twisters. Oh, fuck me, dude. No, no, no, no, no. This is gonna follow the usual format where one of you gets to go first and then the other one has an opportunity to steal. I'm gonna go ahead and ask you both to read all of them because whoever, if there's any, any like tie or anything, whoever does it faster Gets the point.


Oh, I see. So, So it's kind of a subjective judging thing, right? You're gonna get one shot. I'm gonna send you the, the tongue twister through the chat here. You can look at it and then you get one shot and then your opponent gets a shot. And it's like whoever does it better. If it's kind of comparable, can We pronounce it and then try to say it fast? Or do we have to just say it all at Once? You get one chance to say it out loud, you can say it in your head. Okay. You can look at it and think about it. But as soon as you say anything out loud, I'm gonna click start on the timer. And that that is your one shot at blasting. They start easy. Okay. They start easy and wait, since you're so worried about it. I'm, there's one particular that Tyler said to me years ago that has haunted me for decades.


Well, I probably didn't find, I don't know if I found that one or not, but I'll tell you what it is after we're done with the list. Okay, Wade, I've set you your first tongue twister. I'm not gonna send it to Mark until it's his turn to like say it. So there's no, no extra practice. But yeah, whatever. You're ready. Wade All, right? She sells seashells by the seashore. Ooh. 1.03 seconds. I, oh, was that clean? That felt, that felt clean ish. Alright, mark. Whenever you're ready. Oh no. Th this is probably one that's more to my weakness, but I know. Well, we all have our strengths of weaknesses, so don't, don't get too hung up on it. It'll be All. right? She sells seashells by the seashore. I can't do that. I, those s And I feel like we said it almost the exact same way.


'cause the theme the, the same part. You well, ice best What? Well, I know. Well, yeah, I know. I know. Any of My brain is a very fragile thing and we're shattering the last bit of it I had left All. right. Mark, you're up first on the next one here. Like I said, we're starting off real chill. All. right? How much would, would woodchuck chuck have a woodchuck? Could chuck wood? Ooh. Nice. Nice. This one's probably better. How much wood could woodchuck chuck have a woodchuck? Could chuck Wood? He said could. He said could. How much wood could A wood? He said could. How much wood would a woodchuck truck? Wood? He said could. He said how much wood could a woodchuck chuck? Oh no, you're right. How much wood would a woodchuck truck? No, you're right. I did hear that. I don't know about that. I don't know.


Judges. Mark went first anyway, and he did it nice and clean. I wouldn't say weights was objectively better quality wise, so weights was faster. But I'm gonna give the point to mark on that. Mark had a nice, clean run. You guys are killing it. Like I said, these are the easy ones. Great. But you guys are killing it right now. Killing it. are you gonna, are you All, right? Oh, hey, you sent it. Yeah. No, I immediately, I sent it to you a while ago at this point. All, right? Peter Piper. Pickled peck. Oh, Timer's running. Keep Going. Peter Piper peed Pickle peppers. Oh boy. All, right? Okay, we're gonna call that a complete run mark. I think you got a good shot at this one.


Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. Man, mark did it in half the time. It took way to do it. Unbelievable. Was his as clean? Oh, it was very, very close. You know, but yeah, I'm gonna give that one to Mark. I can talk fast. I can't iterate fast or whatever the hell this is. Whatever this is. Twisty ies All, right? Betty Botter bought some butter. That was not fast. That Was All, right? That was 1.01 seconds. Mark. That's All, right? I think this is up Wade's alley. He likes Betty. He likes butter. He boughts views. Betty Butter bought some butter. Well, damn, I knew it was up his alley.


I knew it. That's Tough. Mark's is a little crisper. But even Mark is conceding that one felt like Wade's v Wade's victory. I, I understood every word he said. That's The thing, whenever you go super fast, you do lose a little bit of clarity. So you have to like decide which one you want more. It's a balancing act. Peter Piper picked a pet Pickled Pepper. If you'd have done that, maybe you'd be in a better position right now. Ice cream. You scream. We all scream for ice cream. That was not fast at all. That is tough Call. I'm glad the judging is subjective. I'll just make up whatever I want. No, no. You Don't have to tell us, man. That's fine. You can tell us later if you want. I'm, I'm marking it Down. Marking it down. I don't like that. I don't like that phraseology. You can Hear the bias in his voice.


Listeners. It's me. It's me. I'm waiting for you to mark All. right? Wait, this is not a personal attack on this one, but there's the next one. Mark Didn't warm up enough for this. This is, this is the warmup. Don't worry. It gets better. Fuzzy. Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Ooh, that's pretty good. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Doesn't have the end part where Fuzzy wasn't very fuzzy. Wuzzy. Yeah. I don't know what happened. I thought I got the whole one, but I guess I didn't. Was was, was better fuzzy. No hair. Oh, I'm gonna say Mark got that one. Unless Hano is a word in English that I'm unaware of. Alright. Do you want speed or clarity? Okay. Clarity is better. I'm clarity is better. Well, You, you are, you were going for the steal there too, right?


So like, mark was clear and only a little Slower than you. I think Mark just speaks clearer than me in general. Well, I'm trying to, I'm trying to strike the balance. If I, if I was going for pure speed, I think I'd run into the same, You know what I Said? I think speed is key in Tongue. Twisters. If you slow down my audio here, you'll hear it perfectly. Do you wanna hear me say the whole alphabet in half a second? Ah, It's In there. This is a, this is a tough one for Mark too. So we'll see. We'll see who comes out on this one. Six Slick Nails did slow sl. Oh no. Oh no. Six Slick Nails. Slit sl Seaward All. right? I wanna take that. I wanna take that mark.


There's a Gap. Six slick snails slid slowly. Seaward. Oh Shit. I, even though he struggles with the S's mark gets the steal on that one. I think if you hit, if you'd gotten it on your first tri weight, I think you would've had that. But the, you ended up with a 4.34 seconds. That's A tough one. Six slick snails slid slowly to C word. Something about going from slid to slowly is the tough part. I don't know why. Because it's all eyes before six. Slick snail slid slowly. C word Mark for everyone important factoid. L is an English word for big truck. Semi-truck are called lorries. Red. L Yellow LO.


Mark's turning up to speed. That was, that was a point. Eight seconds. That's pretty fast. All, right? All, Right. Red L, yellow LI think Wade Gets that one. We Got that one. Nick. Wait gets that one. That one is so much easier than the slick snails. The, and the, Everybody knows what you're talking about. There we go. You have to say it five times. There are five of them. Unique. New York. Unique New York. Unique New York. Unique. New New York. Unique New York. Oh, that seemed a lot easier than it got at the end. It was like you were falling down the stairs trying to get a message out. Yeah. What? What? My brain was like, this is easy. Why would this be hard? I got to the third one and my mouth was just like, ah.


I, I give no. Oh, let's see if I got this unique New York. Unique New York. Unique New York. Unique New York. Unique New York. Ah. Ooh. Yeah. The after the third one. It does get weird. I Mark takes that one by less than a 10th of a second. That's What it's all about, baby. I would say it was a little crisper, but also it was faster. Well, we got another repetition one. I'm gonna say this is the last one of the easy ones. So Great. Wait, what do you mean? What Do you mean? What do you mean? It can't get much worse than six slick snails. Oh, Wouldn't you like to see, Oh, no. All, right? Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. Oh man. Wade, you're gonna have to really show up for this one.


All. Right? Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy Boat. Oh, Mark takes that one. Yes. Just literally by six thousands. No, six hundredths of a second. I knew I was gonna be terrible at this. You're Doing fine. What do we got here? Four, five. The score. Score. Five to five. Really? Which ones did I win? Yeah, I don't, I don't know why you always think that you're at a such a ma. There was only one time And. it was the actual quiz. Other than Red lre. Yellow lre. I don't know that I've won since like the first four. You won the seashells. You won Betty Barter bought some butter. You won ice cream. You cream, you won Red. Laurie yellow L. And you won Toy Boat. Mark took woodchuck pickled peppers, which was kind of a gimme Wait, I Thought you said I won Toy boat.


Yeah, I thought he won Toy Boat and I thought he won ice cream. I thought You just said I won Toy boat. No, I did. I wrote that down wrong. I wrote that down wrong. I wrote that down wrong. You're right, you're Right. Okay. Did he win ice cream or did I thought he went ice cream too? No, You went ice cream. Yeah. Cool. Okay. That's a lot closer than I thought. I wouldn't write down multiple things incorrectly. So that was a good warmup. Would you guys like to flip flop? Who gets to go first? Or should we just go back to Wade here? Doesn't Matter. Just go Back to Wade. Wade. Here is your next one. Do you know all, all those words? My brain is trying to know them. Yes. I think, come On. Brain Work. Okay, here we go. Mark, I hope you enjoy this one. The six. Six shaik. Six sheep sick.


A aside from pronunciation of the word chic. No, The six. Six. She six sheep sick. I think this One's mine for the taking. Oh, this is The worst. I believe it. You The Sixth. Sixth. She six sheep. Sick this fuck. Fuck you Bob. Fuck you. Fuck you, Bob. That was the first one I enjoyed. That was, you know, that's my weakness. Look, I wade Wid. There's a lot. Will it make you feel better? That that is one of two, three short ones in this? Sure. Oh, the rest of them are no longer short.


Does that make you feel better or worse? Here, have a look at this one. Mark. It might look familiar to you. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All, right. Okay. All. right. So you, so you've got, you're prepared for this. How Much Wood, wood. Wood. Chuck, Chuck woodchuck could chuck wood. He would chuck he would as much as he could. And chuck as much wood as a woodchuck would if a woodchuck could chuck wood. Woo. That seems longer. It's, it's got a little, it's got some ad libs in it. You ready, Wade? I'm getting real up close in here to read. Read harder Closer. Makes you read better. How Much wood woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood, he wood chucky woodchuck. As much as he could have chuck as much as he woodchuck would. If a woodchuck could chuck wood.


I loved it the whole time. I just see the top of your head. Just, just, I got real in there, man. I thought it Would help. Oh my God. The, the back half was just like throwing a bunch of extra goods in woods. Hey wood. It could A wood. You Really would. That one goes to mark. are you sure? Mark? I swear I'm not targeting you with these, but s is a very common one. Yeah, It makes sense. It makes, it makes fence. Fence. I slit the sheet. The sheet I slid. And on the slitted sheet I sit. Oh my God. That was pretty good. Can I abstain? No, mark. That's part of what's funny. You have to try. I believe in you. I slit The sheet. The sheet I slit.


And on the slitted sheet I sit. That's pretty good. That was good. It wades was a touch faster. So Wade does, Wade does hold onto that one. But that was good All, right? That was strong, strong effort. All. right? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Very much. Can I be honest? This one I think is English, but also, I'm not entirely sure. I'm not sure what this one means. I don't wanna be that guy, but I'm not sure what the fuck this means. Do you know what it means, mark? No. Okay. Well, Pad kid, poured curd pulled cod. That's his random words. I think that's his random Words. It, it does feel a little like a bunch of random words. Smooshed together. Yeah. What the fuck did you just, oh, oh, I think I understand it now. All, right? Pad kid. Poured curd pulled cod.


Oh Fuck. That was half the time. So pad kid, poured some curd, pulled cod. Is curd pulled cod a thing? Not that I know of, but probably. I don't know. But it's An, an adjective. Kurt pulled cod is probably a thing. This one. You know what? This one belongs in. Easy. Or we're skipping this one. I'm, I'm deleting this one. No, I mean, maybe You got this buddy. Crisp, Brave. Bringing to yours. Brandish. Broad, bright bread, just blades. Keep going. Bl or bus and bludgeons. Balancing them badly. Well, how did another voice come out of your mouth in the, for the last work? Because I remember as I got to the word blades and I don't know what came outta my mouth.


Bl. I know. Mark. I don't know if you can top that. I'm ready to top it first. Brave, brigadier, brandish. Broad, bright blades, blunder, buses, and bludgeons. Bouncing them badly. Oh, absolutely Shredded on that bad boy. I don't know what happened with blades. My brain couldn't. Blades, Blades, blunder, buses and bludgeons Wrist. Brave grier's, British. Broad, bright, bla br. It's the R. It's Bri rib. Bri rib blah. That's why it's the bluff. The bl is Blah. It's like, it's designed to make it hard to say Bach. Yeah. Wait, this is unfair. But it's supposed to be, it's Unfair to both of us. All. right? If you must cross a course, cross cow across a crowded cow crossing, cross the across course cow.


Across the crowded cow crossing carefully. What the fuck? How the hell did you do that? I could barely read it as fast as you just said it. I literally was struggling to keep up reading along with you. Well, listen, I've crossed a lot of cows in my time. All, right? All. right All. right. Here we go. If you must cross the course, cross the cow course. Girl. Cross crowded crossing. Cross the, cross the course. Cross the crowded cow. Like carefully. I read it And. it was like, dude, easy. It's like you melted in and out of consciousness while you're reading it. You must cross the course. Cow crush.


Crowded cow crossing. My brain's just too high powered for my stupid mouth. Don't worry, wade. This next one is a philosophy themed. Oh, okay. Great to twister, Wade. So you've got this. You see the philosophical question that this one poses. All, Right? All right. Here we go. I thought, I thought, but I thought, I thought I thought wasn't the thought. I thought. I thought if the thought, I thought, I thought I'd been the thought. I thought I wouldn't have thought so much. Whew. That's a clean one. Oh boy. That's a nice crisp one. Good bounce back, Wade. Good bounce back. Are there style points You could try Style and see if I All right? Okay. Okay. All. right. Editors set the mood. I thought a thought. But the thought I thought Wasn't the thought. I thought. I thought if the thought I thought I thought had been the thought, I thought I wouldn't have thought so much.


I think the goal was definitely to read it as slowly, dramatically as possible. For this Very stylistic, I could feel the wave gets the point. Ah, fuck. But I was so philosophical about it. Can You read it any faster? Mark, I just wanna hear you try. You were, you really leaned into the content of it. I thought the thought, but the Thought I thought was it the thought. I thought. I thought Wade's headphones fell off his head because of the gesticulations. He was wildly making. Imagine An imaginary menagerie manager managing an imaginary menagerie. Woo. Nice. You guys. Do not take this lion down. Every time one of you gets gets stomped or you feel like you're having a hard time, the next one, you come back and you just light it on fire.


Imagine an imaginary menagerie manager managing an imaginary menagerie. Oh, Whoa. I think mark's, I think Mark's gasp says it all. Oh man. I'm sorry. Wade gets that one buddy. I know when I've been bested. Here Is the final hard difficulty tongue twister. It's a little bit longer. Is it bad if my brain tongue twisted reading it? No. I get that. This one is kind of tough to read. To sit into solemn silence in a dull dark doc in a pestilent prison with his life long lock awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock from a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block said cock. I would've given it to you if you didn't. Fair. Fair is fair. I guess. Wow. Wow. To sit in sawn silence in adult dark dock.


In a pe. Fuck, fuck. Black fuck. Anybody who was looking for a so bite of mark just screaming that you now have it. Ah, it's fine. It's fine. All. Right. I'm gonna go ahead and call the to the timer on that one at 16 seconds and say, I feel like I did really well in that section. I think, I think Wade gets the point on that one. Lemme see. Wade, you got six and Mark got three. Wade took a lot in that section. I took the lead mark. How's it feel? Feels fine. Shut up. And I love you bet. You're confused now. We're now entering the third stage of the game, which I have labeled nonsense.


Some of these aren't words. Some of them are just letters arranged together in a way that might be difficult to say and possibly read. There's no P's or C's, right? There's a lot of letters. There's some Z's. There's a th one. There's an FW. Whoa. You'll see, you'll see. Anyway, mark, you're up first on this one. All, right? Whoa. I'm ready to tie whenever you're ready. My good man. Okay. Sizzle Zazzle zoomie zoom zippy zappy Z singing zestfully through zany zig zappy zones. Ooh, clean Zz Z Zmi zoom zippy zup zap zappy zoo Z zest through Zany zig zacky zone. Ah. Oh And mark, take the first one.


This is my comeback. Damn. You and your nonsense. This Is carefully crafted. I knew exactly what you both were and were not good at saying it's gonna basically come out to be a tie game at the end. I think. Boy, we love ties, Lord bla. Bloy blip blo plastic B bluebe blobbies blip blo bloy brown blustery blip. Did They say blue at one point? You said blue To be clear, it's blobbies. Yeah, there was. There was a lot there that I didn't do. All. right. Mark, we left an opening, I believe in you. Bloor. Ble bloy blip bloor tastic blobbies blipping bloy. Round blustery blithering bluffs. Oh my God.


Mark is a respond to this there. There We go. Now it's coming back. Can We go back to the philosophical ones? This one is very unfair to Mark. Don't worry about it. Okay. All. right. Okay. All. right. What? The swishy. Swash. S Splashy splash. Shimmery shusher. Swishy swishing. Swiftly cross slippery slushy. Yours. What the the fuck Loo Shores. I don't know why I had to say it in that accent, but it just came out that way. That's actually the way it's pronounced in the regional dialect. I think that's second To last word almost tripped me up. But Salu Shores. Okay.


Swishy. Squashy splash. Shimmery shusher swishy swishing swiftly. Cross the brake loosey Shores. Ooh, that was definitely faster. All of that felt like I was riding a wave while drowning. I gotta say, I think Mark's was a little bit clearer, even though he's definitely dunking on you this time. I'm gonna give that to Mark. You. You did get, the faster you got, the faster. But Mark, if there were a couple words there where, No, that's fair. That's fair. I It Is really the shahi that needs to be enunciated. Belushi shores. Oh fuck. Crackle crunch. Crickety Cro, crispy critters. Crunching, crunchy on C, cranky, crinkly crag. Cranky crags. Oof. That was almost a perfect road, but that was pretty fast. Okay. Crackle crunch.


Cranky croak. Crispy critters. Crunch and crunchy on cracky crinkly. Cranky crags. What is up? My cranky crags? It's, it's unfair how close friends you are with the crank boy. Yes. I say it every morning when I wake up in the mirror. When you lived with Ethan, when you guys did redacted every morning you woke up on each other fully nude and screamed What is up My crazy crew. The good old days. Wait, I know. I said the other one was unfair to mark. This one is deeply unfair to Mark. No, I think, I think this will be All, right? You think? Yeah. You think you look so confident. Ty Thwack, fuddy thump.


Thumpy whacker. Th whacking tpi threw th ty thickets. Fuck. Still feeling that confidence, bud. That was fine till wacker Wacker. Yeah. Well, I don't know if it's gonna be much easier for Wade, but I do. I I I believe this is gonna be your first point in the third round. I believe in you All, right? Pul whack. Thud thump. Thumpy whackers whacking thum through thorny wicky. Thickets. Alright. Yeah, no, that's, that's clearly wade's, Man. The extra Ws in there really are off putting. Oh, do you like extra Ws in words? I Didn't. I've got some more extra Ws for you.


I've got those extra Ws you ordered right here, buddy. This is so long. Why? All, right here we go. Pushy flip flappy fluttery. Fluttery flippers flipping ly. Mid flappy. Mid fluffy. Foofy ferns, gurgle gurgle gloppy gl gloopy gurgly gurgling glop down. Gushy goosey gurgly. Girl. Just, do you ever flip flappy? I took a turn. I love the second act. It's Great. Yeah. I wasn't expecting it when I first looked either. Okay. Flu, shitty flip. Flappy flutter, fluttery, flippers whipping flappy mi, fluffy, fluffy ferns, glug gurgle gloppy gl gloopy gluing gl down.


Gushy gey gly. Gorgeous. Oh, I'm gonna say Mark was faster. And also he got gluing glop. When you said gluing gloo. Mark, I think you, I think you a hidden talent here. Mark. He did say one of the F words wrong. I don't remember which one, but like it was overall, it was overall still better than mine. Oh wait, no. Yeah, he said flappy instead of flappy. But it was kind of, well, it's not flappy. It's flappy. But he got gorges and stuff cleaner. Like he, he was cleaner over on. Plus it was faster. I don't care about that. That hasn't helped me at all yet. All. Right. So we like the extra Ws in words. Got it. Here's another winner. Okay.


It's shorter. So, eh, Twiddly twiddle, twaddle twirl, twirly twiddles. Twiddling twirly. Round twisty. Twiggly twigs. Twi twirly. I Got Me. How are you so much better in this act? Man, look, When it comes to nonsense, I'm all about it. Have you heard Mark Bop? Oh, I've been practicing all my life. Twin twiddle, twaddle twirl, twirly twiddles twiddling twirly around twisty twiggly twigs. Ooh, that was much faster. But you said twaddle twirl instead of twiddly twirl. I don't know if that's enough to negate how much faster. Waddy twirls a twiddly twirl. Yeah. I feel like that was a wade. I think that was a wade. That's fair. It was pretty quick. When Mark, when Mark groans, that means Wade wins.


Groan for me baby. I'm never gonna groan for you again. Ever. This is the last one. Are we ready? Yes. Good luck, sir. Okay. Somebody plot Planky pty plop. P clunky plunk clunky clippers. Plinking ply and ply. Loppy pools. Squiggly squaw. Squishy squish squiggly squawker. Squishing swooshy through squelchy squiggly squab. Nice. I fucked one part of it. Goddammit. It Was pretty clean though. Like it was just pretty good. All, right? Pty plop. P clunky plunk clunky clippers. Plinking oli and puy. Clippy pool squiggly squa, squishy squish squiggly, squawker, squish and ly through Quey squiggly. S squats. Ooh. Had a couple early stutters, but man, that finish was pretty clean. I Think Mark took that one.


I think Marks was as clean or cleaner. And. it was two seconds faster. Two seconds. Yeah, that last half. I, I was like so panicking in the first half of that. Oh Man. Oh, All, right? That's fair. Two seconds is a lot. Well there wasn't that much to this game, but I just really wanted to hear you guys struggle with a bunch of Tongue. Twisters. I'm gonna be honest. Can I add one? Yeah. So what was Tyler's? Was Tyler's not in here? Baby bumper buckle buster. Five times fast. Baby bunker. Ooh, baby bunker. Ooh. Nope. Can't do it. Baby bumper buckle buster. Five times fast. See, this is the thing. I can't say any Tongue. Twisters. Yeah, let's hear you go through the whole list real quick. Lemme see. Lemme pick out some choice ones.


Swishy, sw splish splash. Shimmery slusher. Nope. Shusher swishy swishing swiftly. Cross slippery slushie slurs. Nope. Shores sloshing. Slosh sls. Yeah. No, I, I can't do this. Mark, Can you bite baby bumper buckle buster five times fast. He, yeah, He is asked me to say this before. Baby bumper buckle buster baby bumper buckle buster, baby bumper. B Baby. Bumper. Bumper. Bumper. Baby bumper. Buckle buster baby bumper, buckle buster, baby bumper. Bumper, bumper. Fuck. I hate that one. Thank you for stalling while I'm totalling up all the points. I really appreciate that. I, I knew that's what you were doing and I was like, you know, I better talk. Fill in some time for our listeners.


Listeners. Is he smiling? Baby, you bumper a buckle buster baby you go for buckle Buster if I smiling, Okay, I have the points totals and I'm a little bit shocked. People will say this is fake and manufactured but it's not. I'm just that good at game design. Mark, you got points for not a single success, sex noises. It was crazy. High fidelity porn. And then also you got a bunch of points for a bunch of Tongue Twisters, which I'm not gonna read off all of them 'cause it's all shit load. And that's you guys. Remember you watched Wade, you got points for Ryan, Jake play with water, get wet.


Licious Jake, ghost fireplace and also big boy points. And also you got a number of points for your Tongue Twisters that you got. The final score is Mark with 14 and Wade with 12. Oh no wait, that's not the add five to each of those. 'cause I wrote, I'm a dump Mark got 19 and Wade got 1720. No, it's the same. Different. I just missed a stat. I I wrote. I'm bad at writing. Mark still wins though. Congratulations, mark, you are the, you have the twisties tongue around you. Really clean. You guys were close in the easy ones. Wade took a little bit of a lead in the hard section and then Mark absolutely mopped the floor with you in the nonsense.


He Was very nonsensical. I thought a thought, but not the thought. I thought that. I thought that. I would think I thought. Anyway. Congrats. Mark. Winner speech. Yes. I would like to say thank you for everyone that believed in me. Thank you to our gracious host. Thank you to our wonderful competitor for bringing out the best of me. And thank you for these standing desks. I believe standing led to my victory today. Standing is incredible. More people should stand and I stand for standing. Thank You. Good speech. Mark. You don't need to pander anymore, but I love standing desks. Now wait a loser speech please. I choose to sit because sitting is what I sit.


Sitting sat sits me as I sit ly on my slitted seat. I sit or sitting. It's shit. Something about how the, the di, when you move a disc, if I think a monitor is now blocking a light, you look so shaded. Like dark, dreary. It's one of the most depressing framings. 100%. My monitor is being, is blocking the light. Ready? Oh, Ooh. For listeners, the wage desk is currently lowering And. it face is getting brighter. I'm back baby. I'm actually shocked. I've, I've, I decided when I came back from Texas, I was just like, I'm just gonna stand at this desk. And I've been doing it and it's gotten much easier. It's not bad.


I, yeah, this is the first time I've used this desk for more than like 10 minutes standing at it when I'm doing something. I was like, oh, standing is so boring. I'm gonna like, no. If you're like doing something and you're pay, you don't even think about the fact that you're standing. It's not bad. Good For your core. Good for balance. All good. Thank you for playing both of you. Thank you for winning. Mark, thank you for losing Wade. Someone had to Thank you listeners for listening and watchers for watching. Thank you for checking out our merchant Distractible store.com. Thank you. For checking out Mark and Wade at their, their respective social media places. Add Me too. I have those. Yeah, make sure you follow the podcast. Hit the little plus thing or subscribe or, and then you'll know when the episodes come out 'cause they'll tell you. 'cause you, you'll be a member of the Secret Club that's free to join And not a secret.


That's the end of the episode. Mark's gonna host the next one 'cause he is the twisties er I've ever known. And until then that did, I said thanks for everything else. So there's another say, thanks for so, oh fuck me, I guess podcast out. I thought, oh fuck.