
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, yeah, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like all my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bang Court Bank. Na, pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by Energizer. Here's a powerful gift idea for this holiday season. Energizer Ultimate Lithium, the number one longest lasting AA battery. I remember when I was a kid, I used to chew through Game Boys as soon as the game would die. You know, not only would you lose your save, you'd lose the game boy. And you know, we couldn't afford many of those. So are you saying You threw away the game boy when your batteries died? Yeah, It's dead. It's dead. Isn't it less expensive To, that's why I keep the number one longest lasting battery at the top of my list every year. Stock up on Energizer Ultimate Lithium, the number one longest lasting AA battery. Today


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for Career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


Good. evening gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Bella Istic, Barb lost his pants to Craig, needs an exorcist, orders a new fridge, then gets the guys to guess the blanks. Waste straw Wade misses on creams, begets his socials. And 3D monetized Mark Forks, Jason Dotes on the deviled and knows his cones. And each of these from eBay escapades to Chy robots. Yes, it's time for Top Ten Things. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of The World's Favorite. I've done that bit before of the most mid podcast you have ever heard Distractable, is that a title we want? No, we're not actually very mid, but some of 'em are mid. We have an episode called an Emmy Losing episode, and I think also the worst piece of shit episode ever. So those can't be that good. We're like a top 30 ish podcast, like in the, I'll give you a spoiler for later on. This episode is called Top Ten Things or something like that. Whoa. We're Doing a tear list. Yeah, it's like a tear list kind of. Anyway, welcome back to Distractible. I'm the host 'cause I won the last episode. I'm joined as usual by my two competitors for today.


One of them will win and become the host. It's Mark and Wade. They already talked. They don't get to, don't talk, don't talk, don't talk, don't talk. They're competing for points over wins. Host the next one. That's the way the show works. Wait, wait, wait. I am Drew Carey or Aisha Tyler. Depends which version you like better Anyway, we usually start with small talk. How's it going fellas? How are you doing? How's it been? Hey, we On, I give you permission to speak now. Okay. All, right? I'm doing well man. So we're doing a president tier list is what we're doing today. Pretty much. I think Van Buren should at least be Beat here. Overrated too high D tier. Okay. I don't have An entry until the episode begins.


I'm not doing anything for with, for no points, A point for boldness. Mark, I'm also giving weight a point for boldness because boldness made me think of baldness. Thank you President Bald. I am a genius. Go on. My mind knows no limits. The scope of my psyche expands every day. Did you know you can buy a forklift on eBay? No. No. You sure as Shit can. I am currently embroiled in a bidding war on a, on a forklift with no reserve Pricing on It.


Does it work? How much do we know about this forklift? Apparently there's some pictures of it and the guy says, oh, there's a video. Actually, why didn't I see this before I, You're sure this is not just a poster of a forklift, right? No, he is. There's a video of orbiting around the forklift. He's looking at the serial numbers. He's raising the fork up and down. It's Not just a one 16th scale model. Arcs RC Forklift. No, this is a 5,000 pound telescoping forklift with tilt control in it. Oh hell yeah. 2015. Is it a shyster? It's a Toyota. Oh good. Brand quality brand. The reason I'm looking for a forklift is because Jason, who I think you guys know is forklift certified.


Is that a real thing? I thought that was a bit that people did. Is that a real actual thing? Yeah, Absolutely. Forklifts are dangerous things. They're, they're extremely dangerous. Lemme Double check your logic here. Someone you know is forklift certified, therefore you need a forklift. You don't actually have anything you need to move with a Forklift. No, I, I do. Oh, okay. I do have things that they need to move. I was like, dude, I don't get like airplane certified. Mark, buy me a jet. I can't leave Jason Lifeless. He Got certified. I gotta get him a Forklift. I am going to need a forklift for reasons that I shall not get into at this moment. They're my reasons. I don't need to explain it to you listeners, you viewers, how many lenses?


Mark? Mark is actually buying an entire observatory telescope system so that he can film the rest of his movie from LA in Texas. Hubble Pier. If you rehouse a telescope, like an actual observatory, it's the image quality is just oh, ah, no, I'm just always and forever tickled by the random shit that you can think of. And it's on eBay. There is a listing of it. I unironically love eBay. I am so excited. Every day when I wake up and I go to eBay and I check some of my bids and I, I look around and I get a new notification for like, oh, oh, one of these hard drives came on sale.


I have it set for like threshold. I like, I I want all of the sponsorships for EBay. You're an eBay super user over Here. I'm Not sure that they're gonna sponsor us because you can't really give much more of a glowing Review than what you just gave. I just, I've never been an eBay person before I started the lens path because I've always been scared of it. For some reason I was like, ah, eBay, you can, You can lose on eBay. It's not common, but like if you're not careful, you totally can lose on, you can get scammed or, or whatever, get some crap. I actually, I bought a pre-built server through eBay. That was a good price. And since then I've actually communicated with that company, I've communicated with that company about like, Hey, I saw that you had a listing for this server, but in a different chassis with more NVME base, do you think you could do something where you upgrade my computer if I send it back to you?


I don't wanna refund, you know, and I don't wanna buy the other one. I don't wanna do a swap. I'm like, if you have a chassis and they're like, yeah, we'll work with you. We'll absolutely work with you. So there are like reputable sellers that you can work with regularly. Anyway, I'm a, I'm gonna shut up because this does sound like I'm selling out about eBay, but I just fucking love it. No, Well I, it's not exactly the same, but I I get why you like that. I was huge. It was when I didn't have any money when I was a college student. But one of my favorite hobbies earlier in life was just Craigslist in general. Yeah. Just go on Craigslist and scan, browse through and just see like what, what are people selling or trading for or whatever. I rarely ever got anything off of Craigslist. And the, one of the couple times I actually did, I got absolutely scammed outta my pants and like literally got home and was so deflated about it that I, it was, it was like a, a formative memory from that era of my life.


I hated. But I love, I get why you like that about eBay? 'cause there's, they have everything and you can just look if there's anything you want, you can just go and look and it's, it is fun. I've got the craziest deals on 25 gigabit ethernet add-in cards and i's network interface cards. Those things, if you buy them from anywhere else, they're like 200 bucks. Like 250, 300 bucks. But on eBay, because there's so many cells on eBay that take old bulk, all these data centers just when they, when they try to upgrade, they don't know what the fuck to do with the rest of their shit. So they sell it to a, a wholesale rip apart person company and they take all the parts and they list 'em on eBay or it goes out to China and they do the same thing.


And all these parts that are so good and working end up on these sites, I Get it for 50 bucks what was and is like 200 bucks as 50 is perfectly good. And I'm just like, yes. I, I don't know, it just tickles me. I just, I feel great about it. I Oddly just found myself on eBay last night. I don't, I go on there maybe like once a year. I really do not do this very often. Molly and I were talking about like Pokemon cards. I used to collect 'em when I was young but I haven't for years. Like I, when they first came out there was the regular set then there was the jungle set. The fossil set the rocket set and then there's been like a thousand different Pokemon sets since then. But we were talking about it and I was like, man, I wonder what like some of the old cards are worth. Like I know people talk about charizards and stuff. so I, lemme look up ARD cards and there were a few on there.


There was like a German first edition PSA 10 Charizard for $26,000. There was a Shadowless first edition English Charizard for $254,000. Good Lord. And then there was another, it was like first edition ard, $15 PS a 10. I was like what? And this was when I clicked on it just to look, I was like what's wrong with it? Something It's a poster of a Yeah, but that's not immediately clear other than like the price is like, it's one of those things where it gets you to click. 'cause it seems like, it's like okay this is a scam but how is this a scam? Let's look into it. Yeah, we, I love trying to figure out what's the deal with that.


No I that is funny. Like did I click on the $254,000 card? No. 'cause if I accidentally was anywhere near the bid button I'd be in trouble. Whereas the poster, it's like, well I gotta know what the scam is. Like come on, how are you hustling me? Let's See. The only time I've ever actually been felt like I've been scammed because I've actually been pretty good there. There have been very rare times where I bought something in the thing that I bought didn't show up. There's one time where it took way too long for it to show up. Months and months. I had to like hound the seller to sell it. But it actually did show up eventually. But there was this other time where I won an auction. I was the only bidder on that auction and the minimum of the bid was way low. Really, really low For what that PR product was not so low and not like dollars but it was like, like The seller would be disappointed.


And so I was the only bidder and I won. And so I was like, yeah I paid, I waited, the seller canceled my order and they said something was wrong with my payment processor or some shit like that. Or my shipping address was incomplete. Yeah. And then they wouldn't respond to any of my messages but I reached out to eBay and they, they actually closed that guy's entire account because you cannot do that. It's A huge problem for eBay because they're sort of subject to your experience with eBay is subject to whoever the fuck that other person is on the other end of any given transaction. And if it's not a reputable sell reputable seller like you were talking about. Yeah like some people just do some shit like that. But, well what's funny is that guy actually had a lot of reviews and he'd sold a lot of products on that account so and then it's gone because he was like, oh I don't wanna loser for too low.


I bought some stuff on there earlier this year too. We had a friend in town who helped me refurbish an old PS two. They've got all kinds of cool stuff out there now to like plug your PlayStation two in. It'll like up the graphics to look like they fit better on like Yeah like an upscale, yeah upscale. And then they've got like controllers and stuff that have been refurbished to work. So it's like still the PS two field but you can have be wireless and stuff like that. I bought some stuff like that on eBay too. It's really good stuff. There's like some really reputable companies that do that kind of thing. They're just like, here have this like there's really cool stuff on there. Shitty people. But there's a lot of great people doing great things too. I totally believe you could start your business and operate it completely from eBay. And it would be a great method to do it. I a hundred percent I wonder what their Cut is of things when I've never sold on eBay. It's funny 'cause that was like, it's in the movie 40-year-old Virgin.


But that was like a huge thing in like the late nineties, early two thousands. My dad actually did that. My dad in in my youth because my dad was our stay-at-home parent in our family. My mom was very successful and so we were, my dad was able to be just a stay-at-home parent raised my brother and I, he's like a very smart intelligent guy. Like he's always trying to find stuff to do because he needs things to keep his mind active. In the early days of eBay he got into buying stuff specifically. You could buy things from Sharper Image and or Brookstone wholesale. Like you could buy last year's things and you buy 'em wholesale, you buy 'em you know from like a bulk retailer. So you buy like 500 waterproof shower radios, right?


That was kind of a big one. He did. He had a ton of those and then sell them on eBay and the margin is fine. Like this was decent margin. All he had to do was buy 'em storm at the house and then pack 'em up and ship 'em up. And whenever he sold one on eBay it was cool. He ran a little shop out of our house back in the days before that was now it's like super easy and not that uncommon. But he was a, he was a pioneer of the internet. But you could, I think you're right. I think you could totally do that. Meanwhile my grandpa bought 12 dozen eggs one time 'cause they were on sale. We just ate eggs for three street weeks. Hmm Eggs. He bought two liters when they were on sale and gave them away for Christmas. Dude, all you got if you got too many eggs, make deviled eggs. I can only eat so many eggs in a row. I can pound a dozen eggs, deviled eggs by Myself.


Some kind of magical shit happens when you make eggs into deviled eggs. They they be, they take up less volume or something. Or if you sat down for breakfast and someone was like here's six whole eggs, you'd be like what the fuck? But if someone put a dozen deviled eggs in front of you, you'd be like I might be able to finish that off. So do you mean a dozen deviled eggs? Like you're meaning six whole eggs still. Right, because you mean the half, the Same amount of total eggs. So I'm kind of magic shit happens. I don't know what it is. Okay to make deviled eggs. You, you don't use the yolk do you? You'd replace it. Yeah. You hard boil the eggs, cut 'em in half, scoop the yolks out, mix those into the mayonnaise mixture, put pipe 'em back in. Okay. There are still part of the mayonnaise mixture. Okay so you use the whole egg and you add stuff To it also.


This is such a weird small talk this is turning into, do you guys have that it it's changed my life with boiling eggs. It's a little egg shaped thing that's flat on the bottom. You drop it into the water with the eggs, with you. It has a visible cooking indicator so that the, the plastic piece will cook and there's lines in it that say soft medium hard. No What the Fuck, where the line is is exactly what the other eggs are cooked at. It's exact. I mean that's interesting but timing works very consistently. I know for a fact if I bring water to a boil, put eggs and then set a timer for six minutes and 15 seconds, I get jammy seven minutes. I get hard pretty hard you know like it Is.


But you have to learn like whenever like we moved right And we went from an electric stove to a gas stove. I don't know, I feel like gas stoves work differently. Well When you put in the cold eggs it does change the temperature of the water for a little bit and that can fluctuate it. If you put that thing in there, I don't know how much it costs but it's changed my, I feel Like water looks different when it boils on a gas stove versus an electric stove. It's less bubbly on the gas stove. Gas stoves suck. Okay, I'll say it. Take 'em away. Biden take everyone's gas stoves, liberals, they suck Your final acted office. Take away gas stove Ban gas stoves. I like a gas stove but I will admit I'd probably be better if I just had an Induction cookie and I want induction so badly.


I'm not saying like the coils are better but honestly I feel like the coils heat faster than a gas stove. They do but then they're like if you turn 'em too high then they're that hot temperature for like 20 minutes. If you can overheat and then you have fucking apocalyptically hot glass stove top forever. Yeah it's, it's annoying. But induction is magic. I've only had it for a very short amount of time. I think it was at an Airbnb I had once And it was just like it's magic. It boils so fast. I don't get why some people are like try to make things political when it's just like this is literally better. Ah, That sounds like something a libertarian would say. Ah You got me I want small government And gas. No it just is the thing that always gets me is don't do this but generally like my parents have an induction cooktop.


You can literally have a pan on there and be boiling water and then you can take the pan off and put your hand on and it's like warm but you don't even get burnt. Yeah, it's so incredibly like it's so much safer. It's so much more effective at heating. It's crazy. You do have to have the right kind of pans 'cause like aluminum is not inductive or what do you have? But most pans work. You just have to like have, it's not, it's not that big of a thing to have the right pans. If you have an induction, it's so good. Does it work with copper is it doesn't work with copper. It Doesn't work with copper but most copper pans have a sandwiched stainless copper bottom. Anyway you some pans won't work but like generally as long as you aren't like really particular about having the exact type of pan that doesn't work on an induction cooktop.


For some some reason it's Fine induction plate. You can buy that and put it on your induction stove. Put a copper thing on there and that'd be fine. What about When for us super rich people who have diamond pans and pots and stuff, can you boil water in a diamond pot? You got that diamond stone, whatever, whatever. I got my diamond pot button. Yeah for my diamond subscribers. Was There ever a conclusion of how bad Teflon actually is for the human body? It's not Good. Isn't it A-P-F-A-S? Isn't it one of those forever chemicals? Isn't that what it's made from? I know the old Teflon was one of like one of the most horrendous ones but then they have new Teflon. But it's similarly bad in that if you have a non-stick pan, even if it's a modern one And, it starts to scratch at all. You're supposed to throw it away because ingesting that stuff is super bad For you.


There is a new type of non-stick that is not a coating. It's actually like how the pan is is made the micro texturing of it does. There's something about it. It's non-stick And. It's better The pan excretes butter while you cook it to make things slippery. Oh there's a butter button, just butter. Oh my God. Every time you cook you just inject some liquid butter into the side. Actually that's what people say about cast iron is like you season it because you want that to come out. Not necessarily like a butter button, but it's like it's coated with the the flavors of everything that you've used to season with it. But I can tell you country style gravy made in cast iron does taste different than gravy made elsewhere. Now cast iron is like magic.


'cause what happens when you, the reason cast iron pants get seasoned quote unquote, you're literally polymerizing the fats that you have on the surface into a new polymer. I don't know the science of it but like it is mystical and magical. 'cause a perfectly seasoned cast iron is like as slick and glossy as a non-stick pan. Which is wild. Literally started this episode, I was finishing lunch and now I'm hungry again for like breakfast foods. You know what is crazy? Every single crazy asinine thing I've put into my server room has worked. And I know I'm jinxing myself but I can't believe that that Does seem like a lot of look. Have you filled it with, what's that liquid called? Have you put the liquid gel in the whole room yet? Glauber salty.


are you talking about glauber salt? Yeah. Everyone's favorite episode. Glauber salt. I think it's so funny that people fundamentally misunderstood how I was gonna use it. Everyone was just like, don't put clouder salt in your server. I am an electrical engineering student and I believe that If You do that it will blow up everything. And I was just like, how dumb do people think? Someone Just caught aray. I'm an electrical engineering student. I'm an electrical engineer hobbyist. I have a bachelor's degree and I think it's perfectly safe. Mark. Thank you. I don't, I have Two degrees and I think you're a genius.


Mark. Bob, do you have ghosts in front of you? In front of me. Is there a window in front of you or something? No. Are are you referring to this? Yeah, I saw a shadowy figure. What is, what is going? It looks like a window and someone's walking by it. What is that? I'm in a basement. Let's be, let's be very clear about this. I'm in a basement. This is a TV that's off that is reflective but what it usually reflects is my monitors. And I just saw that. Yeah, You saw that too. Someone walked by. You Can see my hand in the monitor, right? We could see like right here when I, Yeah, our angle. I can't but I believe you. I swear something walked by. I saw that 'cause you made me look at it.


Right where that had, it looked like. What is that there? What Again? What is that? Well I saw it. What is It? I'm in a basement. You got ghost man. What's happening? My monitors are all static. Except for your images right now. Good luck putting that in a YouTube. Short editors. Man. Bob, if this is a prank, it's a good one. Dude. If this is a prank, I'm pranking my own self here too. What the fuck is happening? Hey, I'll give you 20 bucks to stand in front of this light while I'm recording an episode and just walk back and forth. I'm in a basement. There are like basement windows but there's no way that they're reflect. That's what's reflected. 'cause they're covered by horizontal slats. It Keeps happening.


What? Man? It didn't mean to derail your episode but yes. No Fucking idea. What that, Well what, what's reflecting right now in that top part? Like what is that green line? I dunno. Watch right here, right? You can see my hand shadow right there. That's my hand in front of my monitors. What is up? Wait, I can obstruct that. Yeah, It's a, i I don't have an explanation for that. I think there's someone hiding behind your monitor. I think that's the only thing. The only other thing in my office that emits light is I have a over there, up high. I have a computer but it's purple. It's all purple lighting inside my computer.


It's not green. All the listeners are shaking their steering wheel at like, what is Listeners? There's a TV that looks like someone's moving in front of a reflection in it. There you go. You're welcome. It honestly looks like someone is walking back and forth in front of the reflection. I'm alone in a basement. I, I don't know what to tell you. are you a guy? I hope so. I don't know. Oh they walked the other way. It did go the other way. I saw that if a face appears and stays there, maybe we'll talk to it. Maybe that'll be the episode. I don't like that. I don't like that. Oh this is not a big thing. But it's preparation. I am getting a fridge delivered this week.


Yes. Oh god. So this is a different, we live in Ohio now. It's a totally different house. We have an upstairs fridge and a basement fridge. 'cause we live in the Midwest and you always have a basement fridge in the Midwest. For whatever reason, basement fridge stopped frig. It's, it's only moderately cool and not cold enough to be food safe anymore. are you Doing the Midwest thing where you take kitchen fridge, move it to basement, get new kitchen fridge? Oh yeah. No, no. Yeah. Yes. We're a hundred percent doing that. We're getting, we're getting new upstairs fridge and we're putting upstairs fridge into downstairs area. There are three fridges that are about to be moved up and downstairs through this house because they're taking the old one away. They're moving the one upstairs down and then they're putting a new one.


It's not from Lowe's. Last time it was Lowe's. You Mean Lowe's? Yeah. Well that it was them. I can't help but feel like the shadow in that monitor looks like Smeal leaning over looking at you. It Moved. Am I in trouble or what? Maybe There's two of them. There's two of what? What do you mean two walked by in quick succession. I think Weight's just making shit up now. I don't, could be legs. That could just be legs. Bob's legs. No, his legs are below the camera. My Legs reach under the desk and then up the backside and I'm just doing that with my legs. Way 12 feet away from my body. Just fair warning. Next time we record this show, I will have had a lot of refrigerators moving around my house.


What condition is your side yard in? They shouldn't even have to use the side yard in this house. The fridge should come in the front door and straight through to the kitchen and the basement stairs. They do have like a U-turn but they're pretty wide. They're fairly wide. Should be fine. I can't wait. I'm so sorry for your future pain. Joe Rogan. Your days are numbered. We're coming back baby. We're surging To the top. All the viewers. Listeners, tell your friends, tell your family it's time to come back to distractable. 'cause Bob's fridge part two. It's coming. If something bad happens and I have to do, I don't know. I feel like that'll be confirmation that we live in a simulation because it's just, there's no reason Anyway, we have ghosts and soon we'll have refrigerators.


It's your, that's why it's your favorite podcast. It's The only reason. Anyway. You guys wanna do my, my episode idea? Top 10 is accurate but you are not making a top 10 list. What we're doing is you are guessing what are on these top 10 lists. I have a series of top 10 lists that I compiled from Googling things so they are not definitive and or even correct necessarily. But this is the best I could find. So this is Like Harvey Feud or Harvey Feud. Harvey Feud. Yep. Wow. Family Steve. Family Steve. I love that show. Okay man, I'm ready. This is like Harvey Feud basically.


But these, these rankings are, I dunno, internet bullshit. Who knows? But we're gonna start easy. Okay, I'm gonna give you the like the title of the list and then I'm gonna want, you're just gonna try and fill it in and we're gonna start with a super easy one. I'm gonna flip a lens cap to see who goes fucking first. I just almost threw the lens cap. This is Mark, this is Wade. I can't tell a difference but I can't wait to see. I can't tell the difference. But Mark is the outside. This is like the front, this is like the side that faces the lens. Here we go. Eh, mark goes first. Tri triangle of fairness. It's not a triangle, it's a small lens cap. Sorry. The first list we're gonna do is the top 10 ice cream flavors in America.


Ooh. so I. Gotta guess which one's there in points based on how high, Not based on how high I'm gonna, it's gonna be like a you win the list type of deal. So I'm gonna keep track of who gets which ones and you. You want to get more of the correct answers. We don't have to get all 10 of every list. But also I'll try and give you hints. But this one should be easy. I think that my answer 'cause it's really like if you think of like most popular one, there's really only two choices that spring up because you know people are very basic. I'm gonna go with vanilla. I was hoping you were gonna pull some weird ass flavor out of your ass after all that. Like the buildup, macaroni and cheese. Now vanilla was number One. Vanilla is number one. That's what I thought. Because it'd be the most basic thing but also it is a flavor.


It's not just nothing. It is, it's Not just milk flavored. I'm gonna skip some of the basics. I'll leave those to mark and I'm gonna go cookies and cream, which has basically become a basic flavor. Number four on our list is cookies and cream. That's about where I would've expected it to be. This is my favorite. I really just want to know if it's on the list. Butter pecan. Butter Pecan is number seven on this list. Ooh, Okay. All right? All Right. Gaining in popularity. Apparently it ranks as high as fourth in some things but it's, it's seven on this list. So it depends who you ask. Where you ask 'em. Probably it's a fantastic flavor. I'm gonna know do another exploratory one. Like the Cincinnati Cincinnatian in me wants to say black raspberry chip 'cause graters.


But I don't know if that's a national or worldwide flavor, but I'm gonna say cotton candy and see if cotton candies on the list. That was a very popular flavor when I worked at ice cream. Not on the list. I think that's a very UDF Midwest flavor but not necessarily a A inter a national thing. Mint chocolate chip. As much as I would love black raspberry chip to be there. If anyone ha likes Mint chocolate chip b raspberry chip isn't like a substitute 'cause you either like the Mint or you don't, but I'm like black raspberry chip is great but Mint chocolate chip is Probably the most Mint chocolate chip is number five. All, right? Yeah. Well this one's probably on there then. Cookie dough, chocolate Chip. Cookie dough is number six. Have We said chocolate? No. Oh, Chocolate Chocolate's Number two.


We also haven't said strawberry Strawberries. Number three. You guys really did just skip right over all of the, all of the basics. Well I thought Mark McGill was the basic one. so I wouldn't go crazy. I guess you can't say Neapolitan because that's just those right? So is That your guess? No, no, no, no. Is it on the list? Wait, I I was just asking. I was just asking. Is that your guess? Yeah, Sure. Neapolitan. Neapolitan is number nine on the list. Wow. Wow. Even though isn't Neapolitan just vanilla, chocolate and strawberry together? Apparently that's very popular in the older generation, specifically Gen Xers and especially baby boomers really like Neapolitan.


What about just boring chocolate chip? Need the cookie dough but chocolate chip itself is probably on there. That Did not make the list Really good. Honestly. Good. We have two left and I do think they're very guessable but we are definitely getting away from the most obvious flavors with these ones. Rocky Road. Rocky Road is number 10 on this list. Woo. Meaning that we have one left. So I'm going through my brain here. There's another very popular combination at least at UDF, but there's multiple of them. Peanut butter, peanut butter, chocolate chip P. Some version of peanut butter. Peanut butter. Not on this list. I'm surprised I'm gonna go with America Dream.


That's a my favorite of the Ben and Jerry's like no, that Is a good flavor of the Ben and Jerry's special ones, but that is not on the list. Superman Also. Good guess The bar Not on the list. That was a ki. That was a UDF flavor. Yeah, It's gotta be some type of caramel or caramel or however I say It. Do you want a hint? No, I've got two more guesses before I want to hint. Let me go sea salt caramel, something like that. That's not it. Sorry. Turkish coffee. What? No, no and bad. No. I don't know if a sherbert would count. This is specifically ice cream. Yeah, this, that's not, that's a different type of thing. Brownie something or unless that isn't that rocky road.


That's technically There are. There would be like a brownie chunk thing would be. That's not it though. Birthday cake. Birthday cake is number seven. Hey, Interesting. It's more widely probably known as like confetti cake or just like cake. But that is, that's been one that really has exploded in popularity. I feel like in our lifetimes. It Is very good. Probably terrible for you but God is it good? Is that just like vanilla with sprinkles or is there something else in there? It's like vanilla with sprinkles and usually it either has like cake bits or like crunchy bits that are supposed to be the cake mixed into it. So it's kind of like cake and ice cream all in one scoop. I see. Or like if you get like a cold stone, they literally just take some cake and just fuck it in there with everything else in your Cold.


I hope they don't, I hope they don't fuck it in there. You guys did very well on that. This, I think this is another low ball one. Oh My knee. Oh okay. Wade, you get to go first on this one. Give me the top 10 most popular restaurant brands in the us. So this includes fast food, sit down places. This includes anywhere you can get food or drinks. So like smoothie places or any kind of like restaurant store. Wendy's. Wendy's is number Five. McDonald's. McDonald's is number one. Mark out here getting all the number one answers. Yeah, that's what it's all about baby. I wanna do, I wanna explore, I wanna see if Rally slash Checkers is on there.


Not because they're like one of the greater ones, but because they literally have two different names because they're everywhere. I love that guess and I see what you're going for. They did not make the cut. Is Chipotle on the list? Well I see what you're getting at. They have actually fallen off. Notably regarded as previously would've been on this list, but no longer regarded as well by people. Interesting, Interesting. Is Burger King somehow still on this list? I feel like they've also fallen off since like the late nineties, but they're still everywhere. Burger King somehow is number six on this list. That is dubiously high to my eyes. But yes, Their chicken in the late, late nineties man was so Good. No, they They do have, they have very specific things that just, you can't, you can't get other places.


Whopper Whopper, Whopper Whopper. They advertise like crazy And I know I'd think of the jingle Jack in the Box. That's a good one. No on this list really Would something like Starbucks count? Starbucks is number two on this list. Oh, okay. All, right? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I was trying to give you that at the beginning. This includes all food establishments. So like and Dunking Donuts has also gotta be up there. I Think it's offensively low but Dunking Donuts is at number nine on this list. And it technically, I guess it's just called Dunkin now. Yeah, Whatever you want company that everyone knows the name of. Yeah, change. Change your iconic name.


Good job By that executive that walked into the building really made that decision. I don't know if this is gonna make the list, but I feel like they're everywhere. Waffle House, I, they are everywhere. I feel like they really lose it at most popular brands in the US they've Gotta B2B so everywhere that they are, I don't know how there are so many waffle houses and I don't know a single soul who goes to one for any purpose regularly in Milford we were like, we went to high school. Well Mark and I went to high school. They literally popped one up in the middle of a grocery store parking lot. It just appeared one day. I don't know. It does seem like they, there are too many of those that they're, people Have to eat there for them to keep opening.


Right? Maybe people who eat at Waffle House don't respond to surveys. Maybe it's a bias in the survey. Subway. Subway that comes in at number six. Did I say six already? Subway's actually number six. Okay. Yeah I think you said Burger King was number six. Yeah, Burger King I think is five. Actually I think I just don't count so good. So We're missing number three right now. We're missing 3, 4, 8 and 10. I dunno if I want to keep trusting breakfast places. I'm sure I'm missing some obvious ones. Definitely missing some obvious ones. Fry ihop. Ooh, IHOP is not on this list. Taco Bell. That's a pretty obvious one. Taco Bell is number four. I don't think a Taco Bell 'cause I don't eat there.


Damn. Okay, well if IHOP and Waffle House aren't there then I don't think like a Bob Evans or anything else is gonna make it so, Oh that's like an Ohio thing. I see. I don't know. I've always been in Ohio. I don't know these things. I mean like in and out but that's only West Coast. So like what would be Big national brands here? Big conglomerated, national brands. Arby's, Good guess but no, Arby's didn't make the cut Chick-fil-A Chick-fil-A is number three on this list. That high. It's Huge. Insanely. Have you ever ever seen the lines at Chick-fil-A Chick-fil-A disrupts traffic a mile away depending on how their driveways are designed, people go ape shit for That. Not here but here it's one of the like even if they have a long line, it goes quickly and they, they do like the double thing I guess so.


Yeah, But it's still like they're good at getting people Through. Where I lived in the Bay there would be, they had a special parking lot built at the new Chick-fil-A where the line went all the way around the perimeter of the property. It was literally like a 50 car line they had built and that was not enough to contain the lunch rush line. It still backed up into the street and fucked up traffic in the whole area. Chick-fil-A is crazy. I don't know how they keep enough chicken in that building to feed all the people going through there. I don't know. Meat Canyon is probably right. I don't know. They have an underground chicken lab. Anyway, we are now missing number eight and number 10 and I have hints and if you want them it's Hardy's on the list for some reason it's not that popular here but maybe it is overall.


Nah, Nah. This is an oddball one. I don't know if this qualifies but I'm gonna throw out seven 11 because they do sell food and they're very popular. I really like that. Guess seven 11 is not on the list but that's a very good guess. What about KFC? KFC is number 10. Mm Damn. Okay Now I'm missing the number eight restaurant on this list. I'll give a hint. That's very vague. It is a type of place we haven't guessed any of yet. We haven't guessed this type of, the type of like cuisine they serve, type of food they serve. Oh is it Panda Express? That is an excellent guess but no Panda is not on the list. All, right? You would think those are, those do very well.


Pizza Hut. Pizza Hut is not on the list. But is it Domino's? Domino's is number eight on our list. Really? Domino's is more popular. The Pizza Hut. Now I was also surprised by that Domino's internationally is way more successful than any other large pizza trade. And so I think, I actually think Domino's very mediocre. But it's like always consistent. so I think that's part of the appeal. Whereas like Papa John's is probably one of my favorite. I actually like the, I still can't get over. There's that one Pizza place by uc. Adriano's Ad Adriano's. Like that's probably been my favorite pizza place I've ever gone to. But Pop John's swings wildly, Dude. They do. They're either one of the best or if their cheese is wrong it makes you feel nauseous with every bite.


It really depends on the quality of what you get. Domino's wings and pasta though has actually been slapping. so I I've, they're pizza. I'm kind of eh. Pasta hut. Pasta hut. Do I? I like their fettuccine Alfredo. It's just the way it comes. I enjoy it. Their Pastas are so greasy to me. I can't, I li I like them but they like, they like make me sick. I've always found Domino's to be one of the lesser pizza chains. I always preferred like Pizza Hut. Marco's was really good. I don't know how big Marco's is but it's a big little Caesar's is one. I love that. I think it's doesn't get into Dude Hot and Readys. Dude. Hot and Readies Little Caesars were so good. $5 hot and ready just walking and grab yourself a pep. Oh I got food here. Speaking of All, right?


Let's pretend do a handshake deal when Mark comes back. Wait, I forget which side you're on. What did you do? Nothing. We pretended to make a deal. Mark. Don't worry about it. Bob, I cursed the ghost in your TV to kill you. That is all 10. I'm surprised Arby's didn't make the cut. There are a few that I'm surprised we're on that and Arby's is definitely one of them. They have the meats. I still would've thought Chipotle had this staying power but I guess not. I will say the thing about Chipotle is the world has moved towards ordering everything for like delivery or what? Chipotle is almost as good as it used to be. If you go to the store and get your order in person. But they make the online orders so fucking terribly.


They give you like half a scoop and they skimp out on stuff and it's gross. You go and watch 'em make it. The people that work in the store are great and they give you lots of fillings and it's delicious. Yep. Every time I've ordered double when it's online it's never double. Yeah, never. Absolutely is not double. Yeah. Editors mute my microphone. You could just not make that noise. I think if you Just glad that no one can hear me. All. right. We're gonna move on to a list that I think is harder but I think it's also more interesting. I did surprisingly bad on that one. so I can't wait to see what This one is. You came off to a really hot start and then Mark really clawed his way back. I thought you were gonna walk away with that one. Give me the top 10 inventions of the 21st century.


So this one is kind of more vague. This is not on there but a good example would be if it was top 10 inventions of like the last 25 years or 30 years or whatever. It's the internet. I'd be more like 40 years technically. But Dude I'm so dumb. I was like so from 1900 to 2000 no of the 21st century would be post millennium post 2000 and that doesn't strictly mean that no version of this existed previously. 'cause some of these really skirt that I'll be honest, modern, very modern inventions of the modern age. Now you can go first again. Wade. Alright. Oh sorry. Alright, well you're eating. I thought you were busy. No, I Agree.


I'll go first 'cause I think I only know of one and I don't even know if it counts. That's very generous of you. Wade. Go ahead. Social media. Social media is number three. All, right? That's it. I'm tapping out. That's all I have For this. You know, come on you, you're, this is your job. You know stuff Invention based on like metrics of users sales. My understanding is this is sort of a combination. A lot of these are things that are have become widely adopted, widely used, but some of them are more like just such a revolution that even though it's still in a growth in the growth phase, it's just like a remarkable invention of modern technology kind of thing. Well up There's gotta be smartphone. I just typed that out as the one I was like I'm gonna try smartphones.


Goddammit. Smartphones is number two. Fuck Trey exemplified by the iPhone, which released in 2007. Good work. Mark. What else you got Wade. There is a hundred percent chance that one of these is a thing that you know unquestionably. How about 3D printing? 3D printing is listed at number one. Damn mark. It's recent but machine learning probably is up there. Yeah, at number at number six. Artificial intelligence slash machine learning. I feel like calling it AI is generous but machine learning advancements in various fields in computing technology, Crypto, Bitcoin and cryptocurrency are number four on this list.


Okay. The man who thinks he doesn't know anything still hasn't missed. I'm just pulling stuff out of my ass. Just think about modern things in your ass and they'll probably be pretty close. Okay. Okay. This one I believe is, is within the toy first century. But I might be wrong. I'm gonna say lithium ion batteries. That Is a very good guess but actually not on the list. That was one I was a little surprised. Did not make this, it Probably actually was invented before also like lithium ion specifically probably was beforehand. But I will say a couple of these that exist also, were not strictly like, they definitely existed pre 2000 in like unheard of niche circles that no one discovered until after it was invented in the, you know, in the 21st century.


Wade your chance to take a commanding lead on this list. Non dial up internet. You mean like what's the light? Fiber optic internet, you mean in particular? Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Whenever it quit being a dial up service and they started using the other whatever. Nah. Okay. Decent guess. I think that existed in the nineties. Like technically DSL existed for a while before the year 2000. I think I got one. Oculus Rift, the vr. Oh Vr. Okay. That's a very Good guess. VR virtual reality is not on this list. Ah, ah, ah. The thing that makes hybrid cars hybrid. The plugin stuff.


The Battery, Electric cars, electric, the car things. Yeah. I'm gonna give it to you Wade because I think this one is sort of mislabeled. That is number seven on this list. It's listed as electric and self-driving cars. I think it means like modern EVs that have self-driving features and things. But that is on here. That's one of the ones where I think that's kind of crazy because there was, GM made an electric car in the eighties. There have been electric cars, not mass produced by any stretch, but there have been electric cars for a couple decades prior to the year 2000. Wasn't there one that used like corn or something?


I mean are you talking about ethanol? 'cause there's ethanol has been added to gas for a long time. Someone just really just, I think just literally tried to use corn. Are you talking about like biodiesel? No corn. Uncle Jeb down the street doesn't count as a worldwide invention. That's changed up the entire, I feel like you mean ethanol but corn is not on the list. If you'll give me a point then yes. No, well you, You got this one anyway, but no, corn is not one on here. No, we need 10, 9, 8 and five. We have specifically talked about number seven as a topic on this show hair and we have definitely talked about the rest of the ones in passing.


Like these are things that that we are aware of. And Uber Soul. That's not my turn, but I'm, I'm good for Mark. I'm helping you buddy. Popular, popular, big successful inventions, not mark's inventions. Ooh. Alright. It's not one of the mean topics we've discussed on this show. Ah, the James Webb telescope. I don't think that one has come to fruition enough quite yet to guarantee that it's a modern marvel, but I think it probably is. It has been. It has been generating science, the likes of which we have not Believed, but it has a lifetime of imagery to collect still. But no, that's not on here. Ah.


Space is not a bad place to think about one of these. One of these connected to space. The rest of these is very earthy. I'm gonna ignore that hint and go with Fitbits and smart watches. That's an interesting one. But I feel like that probably gets wrapped into smartphones 'cause it is not specifically separate on this list. A space phone. How about starlink? That has Like a better version of a thing that Wade guest earlier about non dial up internet. But it's also not starlink. Sorry, I'm bating. Oh, for 17 here. The MCU. Wow. That's very space. No, but that Judge make me think of streaming services.


It's, it's kind of a plague but also kind of influential, right? Oh Fuck. Streaming services is number five. Whoa. Damnit, Why did I give you that? That was my clue. I should get that Specifically. I think this one's funny because it specifically says YouTube and other streaming services. Oh, YouTube we're kind of on. Yeah, we are. That's that's that's kind of a big thing in our lives that we're probably pretty familiar with. So we're currently missing seven, eight, and nine. I might disagree with it but number nine I'm calling specifically has gotta be Fortnite. I fucking wish it was, I would be. So all the rest of these are like inventions and science and I'm like yeah at Fortnite, I mean Fortnite, right.


Do you guys see the marshmallow concert in Fortnite? Oh man. Crazy. I would say digital cameras, but I know for a fact the digital cameras were way prior to the 21st century. Yeah, Those predate the 21st century by quite A lot. So why would you say that? What a dumb thing. I'll say the one that we spend a lot of time talking about in an in an episode is still on here. Urine. I'm sorry. Urine is one of the top inventions of all time, but I'm afraid that's not a 21st century invention. All. right. How about like flat screen TVs or something like that? No, sorry, you want to hint? Wade Medical stuff, growing ears on mice and lasers.


Lasiks better Medical stuff If that's on there. But I can name, if I can name the specific thing. Can I steal it? Yes. No Wade, what you said is not on there, but medical stuff is an interesting direction to go in Crispr. Yeah. Number seven is CRISPR gene editing. You're welcome for another soft ball Mark. Thanks. Wait, IGI got the battery and you get the car. You didn't even say a self-driving and he gave it to you. so I think, I think we're even, I said electric car. You didn't say self-driving. It's Electric boogie. I'm being very generous here. CRISPR medical stuff, they're the same thing. Anagram, rearrange the letter of medical stuff.


You get crispr. Honestly, CRISPR's hardly medical at all. It's really more like experimental. If anything. That's What I was trying to say. Yeah, sure. Right now You were close. You were very close-ish. Wade. What's your next guess? You must have something just on the tip of your tongue. Yeah, you see it. That broom vroom on Mars rover Survey says no, of course not. I was thinking Space. You like, oh, space is a good place to Think. One of the two we have left is definitely space. Do you want more hints? I have hints. No, no, no. Oh no, no. The space station. I don't know if that preday is 21st century.


I don't either, but it's what else is in space that we invented? What else is his? Says the guy who loves space. No, That we invented. It's not the space station that Was launched in 1998. I just looked it up. You want a space hint, Wade? Oh yeah, please. I don't know if it's gonna help you, but it might help Mark. It won't, this is not something that stays in space. Even though it goes to space. It's Not one of Newton's laws. No, those stay in space. Those stay right up there. Those orbit. Great. Oh God. The, the, the, the astronaut. He's right, right. As long as you discount everything that's happened since the sixties up until the year 2000 astronauts may have been invented in the 21st century.


No, Clearly what you're referring to is, Oh wait, what was that? It is mor code. Did you understand it? I didn't want Mark to take my hit in case I did. But you're incorrect I think. Damn, It's close though, right? are you talking About the Falcon nine reusable rocket Reusable commercial rockets? That's what I, that's basically you misread my Lips. The first time I watched a Falcon Nine land and then just still be standing there, I, my whole brain was like, I thought that was just gonna fucking explode or something. Like I didn't think this would actually work. Holy fuck And. it was, it was also just as crazy seeing the, the, what is it, the Starship or Get land on the little forkey dow.


That was Wild. Just to know how big that thing is. 'cause the Falcon nine, they had one in LA like as a standing structure and I stood next to it and I was just look up. I was like, that is so much bigger than you could ever imagine from the video. How the fuck did that land by itself? And the Starship is way bigger than that. Starship is Crazy. They caught a building. That's That's what it literally is. Yeah, It's like a, a medium small building that can land within like a a, I don't even know a precisely accurate point. Basically And, it had like failing engines. And it still did it. Two of the engines blew up. And. it was still like I got this Wham. It's like half on fire. It was crazy.


I Know what the last one is. Well It's your turn so that's perfect. It's so obvious. Memes. Those are definitely invented pre 21st century. I didn't see him before that. Oh you're right. By the rules of you. They were invented when you first saw them. I'm gonna go just clarify. No, we're still missing number 10. I don't particularly like this one, but it is an invention of the 21st century Reusable condoms. Oh that's the original condom was reusable. are you kidding me? Get the old sheeps and tested out. We're getting lucky tonight. Kill the sheep. I'm Feeling it. Mark a ply. Sorry, I was invented in 89. Get With it.


Mark was Mark Applier didn't come out till 2012. I sure you did. Invent Mark Applier. I've been watching Mark PLI since 2008. So wait 2008 And that's in the 21st century. What do you mean? I Didn't start 2008 Mark. I've been watching on YouTube for 28 years. What are you talking about? Oh you're right. I'm sorry. My apologies. I Was still in the womb the first time I watched one of your video. I'm dying of old age now. My great grandchildren will never know the joys of market. Bla God, I think I know what it is. No, it wouldn't be this. No, that wouldn't make any sense. I was gonna say GMOs, but I don't think that's, I think the CRISPR takes that one over. I think GMOs Pro probably technically predate the 21st century as well. Anyways. GMOs even if they're bred that way.


Right. And so they've been selectively breeding commercial crop. I dunno that's not it. That is a good guess. All, right? Wade. I know you have a whole bunch of things here which just desperate to get out 'cause you're full of ideas. Chip chop, let's go Steam or whatever those like steam and epic launchers are. Oh I thought it meant water vapor. No steam engines. I'm gonna choose to go back to the 1900 to 2000 date range and I'm gonna go with steam engines, which will still be wrong 'cause I'm pretty sure that steam engines predate the 20th century. But no, it's not video games. It's unrelated to video games. But I appreciate the sentiment And B three player like iPod, Honestly that's one that I did think would be on here, but that's not it either.


Sex robots, That was a huge thing with the jump from CDs to MP threes and then the iPod, like standardizing kind of how that worked and stuff. It was a big, the IPod was incredibly influential. And that was 2001 or something? 2003. 2001. 2001. November 10th, 2001. And that was huge. Do you want to hint Wade? I don't know if it'll save you. Yes, iPod is the correct company for this thing. Isn't the watches we've already covered phones, earbuds or wireless headphones? Nah. Oh Really? I wireless headphones existed before the 21st century. I believe. They would've been more like RF wireless headphones or infrared wireless headphones or something I think.


But the, aside from the technology getting way more better and usable and worthwhile, I don't think that's actually new. The First truly wireless earbuds were in 2015 but there's been wireless headphones since even like 1960. There was a type, is It the air tag? I sent out A really interesting one that the very underrated technology, but it's not the air tag. Wow. What else have they made? This might give it away. It's not hardware Software. Apple invented software in 2012. You're right. Wade. It's not Siri is it? Yeah, it's Siri. Why is this Siri there? Serious garbage. Technically what this says is Siri slash voice assistance and smart home technology, which is just an unbelievably broad spectrum of things to count as one entry and What a piece of shit technology tree.


There was a point where I even thought of like Alexa and that stuff and I was like, well smart. That's those just smartphone stuff. so I didn't even think that the Fucking internet of things is the plast of plagues to ever grace technology. No, that's that's definitely the one on this list that I was like, ugh, what a terrible thing. I liked my answer of sex. Robots that got ignored even more than that. Didn't get ignored. I, I heard it. I, I nodded my head in approval. No, I, I'm glad it got ignored 'cause I would've just gotten it wrong sooner. I don't know if that was as fun for you and everyone listening and watching as I hoped it would be, but it's fun for me. Oh it was super fun. It's interesting. It's Very, and that's my main metric for these episodes. I had a bunch of other lists we didn't even get to, but I think those were some of the more interesting ones and I really didn't think all the way through the fact that the tech one was skewed heavily against Wade.


So I'm gonna just get a chuck on a fairness point for you there, buddy. You Started out strong. I Did. I had a lot of good early tech On almost all those lists. You, you started getting nailing the first few and then really struggled. We're gonna call that. That's the end of the episode. Thank you for participating. I'm gonna read your scores now and the person whose name I read first is The Loser Wade you scored points for baldness Listless Jason Pokemon poster, the Pan excretes butter Woes Harvey Feud or family Steve. Good guess. Bad guess and fairness.


Mark, you earned points for boldness. eBay forklift 50 bucks take away Gas stove, Biden, electrical engineering, student ghosts, ice cream, restaurants and tech Mark really dominated the list You want all three of the lists that we did ultimately Mark that earned you a total of nine points. Yes And Wade. Did I lie? No I didn't lie. Wade, you got eight points making you the loser. I was really excited because I was like, oh man, I know he is gonna pull the rug out from under me. I'm gonna pull it out from under someone. Probably the loser. I know I lied last time but I promised I would never lie again today. At least for today you're safe or anyway you lost Mark Winter speech.


This was surprising to me. I thought Wade with his UDF experience would have a much broader knowledge but that might have hindered him because he had too many flavors in his mind. I only had the most popular It did. UDF has such a wide variety of flavors. It did Hinder asking who But I I came back. My persistence and my perseverance got me to the finish line and to victory and I only owe that to myself. Thank you me for supporting me through all of my troubles. Me. You're welcome. Me This is the I I've talked to my audience over the years and that's the kind of acceptance speech I want people to give when they win awards is to go be like, I couldn't have done this without my talent, my work, my preparedness and my dedication.


I'd like to thank me above all. I don't think the man upstairs had anything to do with it. Why would he care? Family don't call me when I'm working me. Great job. So my beautiful wife Susan, stop fucking calling me when I'm on set. Okay. I'm busy. Overcooked pork chops didn't help me through that interview. See this. This means I was right and you need to make, you need to get a hobby. I'll be home later hun. Thanks me. Great speech Mark. Congratulations to you Wade Loser speech. I'd like to thank you guys for being a part of this and allowing me the chance to participate. I'd like to thank nobody else 'cause they clearly didn't fucking help me. I lost, I'm a loser. I suck 13 lashes for me later on today.


That's it. I don't know why. I just like to imagine that Modernly 13 lashes means that someone lucks out 13 of your eyelashes. The tweezers. I don't want things near my eyes. Leave my eyes alone. 13 lashes. You said it. Fun times all around. Thanks for participating in my list episode Lecy episode. Nah, it doesn't work. Thanks for participating in my thing. I did. We have a merch al sword.com. I am Myer Wade is Lord Minion. 7 7 7 or Minion. Seven. Seven seven. Mark is Mark Ply. You already knew that. Mark will host the next one and we are outta here. Podcast out Ype.