
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like All my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. I dunno. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. Na. Pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola Creations. What happens when the best drink in the best cookie in the world get together? The best become besties. Let's taste the new Coca-Cola Oreos, your sugar limited edition. Mark, are you, do you have yours? are you excited? They sent us these special and then we're gonna, we're gonna try 'em. I've Been in an undisclosed location, kind of in a ducks to Be you. Cheers Bob. Yeah, I actually haven't had like a tasty treat in a while. It's been, Ooh, it's like if Oreos was a drink, honestly, it's Kind of an unexpected flavor, but it's almost like, kind of like the icing of an Oreo. What do you think Mark Editors put in the sound of me gluing. It's great guys. So good. Try the new Coca-Cola Oreo zero sugar limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


It's do here in leap. I have discovered plows and flames. The new floral facet, the YSL way. It's floral, but in the hottest way. And it's both luminous. It's really such a statement. It a real ultimate freedom sensation. So Eve Sun Loha, Good Evening gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode, rapping Wade has yet more plumbing problems, then encourages asra, Viv missionary Mark prepares a perfect prank, gets smashed and recommends Amda, but not the art of Thespis. The Calmed Barb plays magic games with his progeny and is converted to coasters, CATA walling and prone peddling from Star Wars to buzzing bud.


Yes, it's time for Try New Things. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hey everybody, welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade joined as always by my co-host, mark and Bob in the show where one of us host are the two compete for points and the person with the most points, usually at the end gets to host the next episode. Usually. I'm not ready, It's too late. I'm double ready. I'm not. I'll take Mark's readiness points. Thank you. Hold on. All, right? Readiness point for Bob. Oh God, no. Ready? Wait, Wait, wait, wait. Oh, I can, I have to mark a second.


Ready point. How long you need, man? So long. Oh man. I need so long. Alright, well I guess that's the second readiness point. That was not the correct answer, believe it or not. They're going to me, right? Yeah, No, I can give you a negative readiness point. Oh but that would make me unready. I'm so ready. are You Sure? No, ready. Great. Hold on. We're holding. I have to make a mission critical purchase. It's mission critical. Oh, He said mission critical. That's, that does mean something for what? I don't know what, I just know that it means It's mission critical. Is it food? It's food, isn't it?


It's mission critical. Almost. Almost there. Yep. What mission? Hold on your ass. I feel like you're R 2D two and I'm Luke trying to figure out what message you're hiding about Princess Leia. Bam. Done wasn't that easy Already, Man. Oh man. Am I gonna have to say your name first on the points at the end? Oh boy. Not a great start. Don't worry. You'll be saying my name last. I'll be saying my own name last. Don't you worry. We'll see if you remember to do that at the end When I'm screaming my own name at the end of this episode, you're gonna see, you're gonna see.


We Just slowly watch you devolve as the episode goes on. You do. Mark. Why Mark? Well before we get to that point, how are you? Me? I'm good. The both you? I'm good. I am great. Good and great. Great and good. That's so convinced. I'm good. I Am good. Are you good or great? Boo. Okay, Bob, how are you doing? I'm good. I have a new Apple watch band. You wanna see it? Good. It's magnetic. Wow. Look how low profile it is. I Thought you meant the way it stuck to your wrist was because it was magnetic and you had a metal wrist. But dude, if I could get an implant where the watch just stuck to my wrist on a, I would consider it.


Ah, no, I wouldn't do that. Ah, maybe Metal's good for you. I'd consider it as much as I have a thing about phone cases, I have a thing about Apple watch bands. I hate how thick they all are. Watch bands in general are very thick. Yeah, They like a thick band. And this is like the most low profile watch band. Like it's just, it's thin how thin it is. And floppy and magnetic. It's lovely. That does look nice. I, I can't do the Apple watches anymore 'cause for some reason they cut off some kind of circulation in my wrist. And. it just ends up hurting after a while. Oh really? I have yet to be able to get used to it. I mean, I wore it for a long period of time. It took like a month or two to get really used to. But then ever since I lost one for a while and tried to get back into it, I just wasn't able to.


I think there's just, 'cause they're getting too big and I always get the big one and I really should just go for a small one. And now they can't even measure your heart anymore. No, they maybe can. I think they fixed that on the new generation. Can they? I don't, I don't actually know that for sure. I think they fixed that. I don't know. I don't Know. Anyway, that's how good I'm doing. I I can Jump right in if you guys have nothing interesting to talk about though, Right? No, no, no, no. I I I got stuff. What would you like to know? I Guess I'd like to know what stuff you got. You need to ask the right questions. What are the right questions? That's not the right question. I Felt like the right question. I figured out what the right questions are. I gotta be honest. Yeah, I thought that was pretty direct.


It's really close to the right question, but it's not quite the right question. What am the right questions? How Is the right questions? You gotta ask the question in the form of a question. What stuck to your right hand? Is that the right question? Nothing. Oh, okay. What is, what are the right questions for 500? It's the Daily Devil. Oh, true daily devil. True Daily devil. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I've obviously been only focused on entirely movie stuff forever and ever. But in other, not movie stuff, I have nothing. I really wish, you know, every time I start a sentence like that, hoping that my brain conjures up something to answer, Hoping that something will pop in.


It Doesn't work. I really, I stall and I stall. I'm like, there's gotta be something. There's gotta be something. There really is nothing. I was making a mission critical purpose just because I was, I was buying something very boring, which is a networking switch and then it's just like, Ooh. Yeah. Ooh. Yeah. Like everyone cares about a switch. Oh yeah. It's got, it's got 24 10 gigabit ports so it's really good. Listen, I like technology and 2 25 gigabit aggregating ports. Ooh, Isn't That nice? You know what's one of my current most fascinating series on YouTube, Linus Tech Tips Linus has purchased and is outfitting a badminton center slash lan party gaming center.


And they have a series where they keep going. Every once in a while they'll go back to the badminton center and be like, look, we put in new networking. This is twin fiber optics. Run up and down the whole core and look, we got these security camera. It's fascinating. I love a new piece of technology. Even if I'm never gonna own it And, it means nothing to me. Just, just watch someone else be like, Ooh, and that means we can do this. Now You know what's funny is I actually reached out because I was gonna have him help me with some of the networking for my render farm that was supposed to happen. But then I ran off to Texas and I I bet they think that I'm just ignoring them, which happens a lot. Some people are like, why don't you collab with a bunch of other people?


It's like sometimes I try and then I get swept up and I've run away and disappear and don't talk to them ever again. But that was supposed to happen. It might still happen. Is it gonna be a video? Yeah. Yeah. Ah, that would be my favorite collab Ever. They were very curious about, you know, the render farm when I was talking about it and they asked like what I was doing with them, the kind of hardware I was putting in. And when I told them that I had as much power as I did, which was like, it's 12 96 84 Xs. Which if you know what a processor is that's, it's a very high end processor and having 12 of them is kind of ridiculous. And so the networking part of it though, I don't know that very well. so I was hoping someone could help at least connect them all.


so I gotta get back to them. I have a funny, they're not gonna find a funny, I have a really funny joke I'm gonna do when they get here. It's, I can't tell you the context just in case word gets to 'em. But you know I got, I got a real funny one. You know me and my funny jokes Dude, you have the best goofs around. I can only imagine. Oh yeah There I could tell 'em about, oh what was that water that you were so hype about? No, it's glauber salts. You can tell 'em about glauber salts. I have mentioned this casually. Yes, but that's not the joke. The joke is so funny. It's gonna be so funny. What is it? I can't tell you. You gotta asking the right questions here Mr.


Bob. Any conniving schemes you've got going on that we can't talk about? Oh yeah. So sometimes when I'm playing with James I'll pretend to throw something and then actually I didn't throw it and he hasn't figured out yet that I do that. And so I'll just mess with him and be like, ah, let's throw the ball to you. Whoop. And then he freaks out for a second 'cause he's like What the fuck? And I'm pretty sure I convinced him I'm some kind of wizard. I do that with the dog sometimes. so I gonna see how long I can keep that going. Lexi's worked that out. Lexi is no longer fooled by that one. I've done it too many times. But James is still figuring it out.


So that's pretty conniving, right? That's very conniving. Yeah. Nice, nice, nice. I would tell you all what's going on in my life. But other than more plumbing issues, I do have more plumbing issues. You have new plumbing issues. Yeah. So we had the backflow thing removed right then They wanted to come like check everything out. Like okay, we're just gonna come out, do like an inspection, make sure everything's working good. And they came out working good. They're like, well while we're here let's go ahead and just test. Like we'll do your normal inspection, we'll test your faucets and things. The guest room shower, they went to turn on like the tub faucet thing. And, it was pouring out water and they're like All, right? They flip it to the shower, shower like trickles out some water, the tub parts still pouring out. And then behind the tub part water starts spraying like where it connects to the wall, which is not where it's supposed to be spraying.


So we went to replace that and a plumber came back and was like, okay, you guys have the trim thing. I'm like, yep, got it. Is it the right one? Yep. This looks like the right one. Great. Didn't take long. Went to install it and I guess it comes with like an O-ring that helps seal it. And somehow the plumber took this new O-ring and just fucking ripped it in half or something and was like, ah, well I can't finish installing it 'cause you see this O-ring is damaged. I accidentally ripped it whenever I was doing blah blah blah blah. I was like, oh okay. He's like, don't worry, we got tons of these. I'll get one be back out tomorrow to fix it. They have ghosted me since I've heard nothing. Oh no. Oh No. This O-ring is lost in the void per usual. We've got company coming soon and I guess I've gotta rule out that particular bedroom because, well the bathroom, if you try to use the shower also, this is a more subtle thing that not doesn't apply to everyone.


If you get a generator installed, your generator comes with a set of keys that keeps it locked up so people can't just access it that are going by. Highly recommend you don't lose the keys. 'cause man, oh man, could they not inspect the generator if you don't have the keys? You know, not saying I lost my keys. I'm just telling you all out there. Don't You know what I, that axiom that I live by when you're talking about keys is don't lose them. Doesn't matter if it's for a bike lock for a cabinet. Maybe you got keys for, you know, for some kind of deck box generator. You know what I do is I just keep those. Yeah. Wait, I know the exact feeling.


Did I tell you guys about when I lost the keys to my generator? No. And I had to get a locksmith out to open it. Yeah. Now the thing about those locks is you could put a spork in there and turn it And. it would be fine. It would bust open in a second. 'cause they're not really that secure. But I didn't want to break it. Now locksmith comes out and he, he, he gets it open in two seconds. Literally like he doesn't even pick it. It's like All, right? That'll be $350. Oof. And I said, no fucking way. Your quote was 99, you quoted 99 before you came out here. I'm not paying a cent over there.


I literally am looking at this guy and I know he's ripping me off. He's, he's trying to rip me off because I tell him like, that's not what you quote me. He is like, that's just a price man. I don't set it. I was like, yeah, you know who did set it? Whoever quoted me $99, you are not. I'm like, I don't care what you say. He was like, well it was two locks man. It was like, it was the same key for both locks. You didn't even make a key. It was just like, it was two locks, man. Three 50. It was two locks. Man. I was so mad. See $99 includes driving out there, picking a lock and leaving second lock. 99 goes to three 50. Yes. That's what it was. And as soon as that Venmo went through, the guy ran, the guy literally ran to his car because he knew how pissed I was.


He's not Even the locksmith, he just saw the locksmith pull up and he ran in instead. Well that's the thing, when I was calling him out on it, he started to get like those adrenaline shakes. Like he knew, he was like, you know, under pressure and, and I could tell like he was squirming, he was gonna cave and he was gonna be like, All, right, fine. You know, but it was then he ran, he fucking ran and I looked, it turned out like, whatcha are you doing? I mean it's fine. I shouldn't have lost the keys. I know that. But still it's a principle of a thing. I'm not gonna let someone rip me off right to my face. All I'm thinking about right now is I set myself up so hard the next time I need a key for something that I don't use daily. I'm gonna go and be like, oh, I'll go find the key where I left it. It's not gonna be there.


Yeah, that's true. I put that key. I remember getting the keys. I, I have a vivid memory of being handed those keys and being told like, yeah hang on to these. You'll get like an annual inspection. You'll need these to open it up. And I was like, cool, I'll put this in a place where I can't forget it. Can't lose it. Where's that place? That's a great question. Hey Wait, I'm gonna come over and I'm gonna give you something that you're gonna really need to hold onto. You're gonna need it once a year. It's extremely important. I'm just gonna need you to put it somewhere secure. See where that leads you. We have a designated spot for keys, every key to this house, including keys we've never used like the previous homeowners were like here's a key to this thing. We never locked it. But if you want to you can. Like a closet has like a lock that has like the radon thing. Like you can lock this closet.


And I'm like, yeah, I expect so many people to want our radon mitigation plastic pipe. That's probably a really hidden heavy demand. There's not a single thing that's worth anything in there. They're like, yeah you could lock it up if you like, maybe to keep a kid out or something if you have like a child. I don't know, there's like a key for that. Found it instantly. Keys for the sonology, the old one. I don't even have anymore found those Everything. I was like, oh man, a key to the lock it I had with my ex in high school. Found that. Where's the locket? Don't know. Got the key. Where's the keys to that generator? That's A heck of a plumbing problem you got there. Oh, minus 10 points to me. I Guess how many keys you got for that system? You like the key master in the matrix?


Just like key after key after key. One of these is for radon, the other's for uranium, the other's for poop. And I want to get these mixed up And Thinklink You said key master in the matrix. I want you to know I pictured the oracle from the Matrix, but then I also pictured the page master like the childhood movie. No one talks about the page master. Great Movie dude. Wait, Have we not talked about the page master? Because that movie is dramatically underrated. Exactly. And traumatizing for children a little bit. Yeah. The page master, like no one ever talks about it anymore. But also you Know who that kid is. It's mostly animated so it may not be obvious. Do you remember who the kid is? Who's this? It's McCulley Culkin, right? It's McCulley Culkin, yeah. Yeah.


It's crazy. I Had a book, you know those kids' books where you push this thing on the side where you push the buttons And, it makes the sounds. I had one of those of the page master, but it was like from the movie, all I remember is there was a horror button where you pushed it and he just went Follow me. And that like sound echoes through my brain every moment I exist. Isn't the librarian in that movie someone famous too, like Christopher Lloyd or something? Yeah, he's Chris. Yeah, Christopher Lloyd. He's yeah, doc Brown. And one of the books is what's her name? My brain is going Rosie O'Donnell. But that's not it. Isn't the fantasy book Whoopi? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's It. Oh and Patrick Stewart is adventure. I'd forgot about that. I never realized that. Yeah. Fantasy is Whoopi Goldberg adventurous Patrick Stewart.


I don't recognize Frank Weer the voice of horror. And then Leonard Nemoy is Jekyll Hyde. Oh man. That scene you just reminded me of the fucking terrifying That scene was one of the most terrifying scenes. Yes. Yeah. Oh my god. Mr. Har. Like I just remember that that scream and I was like, as a kid I was like fucking Christ. Yes. It's wild. They start off with horror because like it really kinda like settles down a bit after that. Like you know, it's thrilling but like man, is that like the most terrifying part of the movie as a kid? And it's like right off the bat. Yeah. What a way to start. What a way. Yeah. Great movie. Great movie.


Oh Great movie. Everyone gets a page Master point. Lovely movie.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well you know Rocket Money, it will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, We'd started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me there. This is Con Look. Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E-T-M-O-N-E y.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible.


This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola creations. You love the taste of Coca-Cola and love the cookie crunch of Oreos. But what happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best becomes besties? Try the new Coca-Cola zero sugar Oreo limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company, copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


That's kind of a good segue into our topic today. I wanna encourage people to branch out and just try things. You know, there's a lot of things I don't like. There are a lot of things I do like, but I think branching out and trying things is important because you don't really know if you like something until you try. So we're gonna talk about some things that we tried and liked, things that we tried and we didn't like. So we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll start off with tried it, loved it and we'll go to tried it. Didn't like it. So really it's pretty open. I've got some subtopics if we need it, but I assume you guys can think of things you tried that you were like kind of on the fence about trying, whether it's food or jobs or games or what have you. I wanna talk about trying things because I think trying things is important and you might try something that absolutely hate it but you know, you don't know you hate it until you try it.


And maybe you're gonna be like, see I knew I'd hate it but for every one of those there's oftentimes something you try and you're like, I didn't expect to like that but man oh man was that good? So that's where we will begin and I don't really care who goes first, but we'll alternate just to keep it fair. So if one of you has one right away, feel free to jump in and then we'll go from there. I'm Afraid, I've told this story before when I was really little, like a like 10 and under, I did not care for like rides, like carnival rides. I was terrified of roller coasters, anything that might go upside down, scared the absolute shit outta me. But there was a gap in there between there and like 10 years later, which was like the next time I ended up going to a theme park that had like rollercoasters and stuff, I didn't ever go on a rollercoaster, I refused.


It's not like I went on one and hated it, I just wouldn't. And then at some point I was like 18, 19, 20 years old and friends were going to Cedar Point and I was like, I'll come like oh I want to go And it, Wass a fun trip and whatever. And we got there and they were like, there's nothing to do here except roller coasters. There's no way you're coming on a trip to Cedar Point with us and not riding roller coasters. And I was like, I might hate it guys. I never liked roller coasters and I was really freaked out about it. And I remember we went on Magnum, which was once the tallest rollercoaster in the world or in the country or something until, and then Millennium Forces also at Cedar Point. So they have a bunch of tall coasters. It's a big tall coaster. And I remember I got on and up the first hill, I was just like, oh God, oh I'm gonna be so fucked.


Oh like I was like panicking. And then we got over the hill and got literally like as we crested the hill, I went from panic to like slowly easing my arms up to just like, Yeah I fucking loved it. It was the greatest thing ever. I spent a whole decade of my life just assuming I didn't like rollercoasters. 'cause when I was a kid I didn't like the motion was too much for me. I fucking love rollercoasters. It's so exhilarating. Upside down, doesn't bother me, whatever. It's all the different kinds. Love 'em. And I was so shocked and my friends were like, why are you shocked? Everybody likes rollercoasters. We came here to do rollercoasters from like three hours away. I was like, yeah I guess that makes sense.


But I like them guys. That's so crazy. Similar story to that. I dated a girl for a few months in like seventh or eighth grade. She tricked me to getting on Adventure Express at Kings Island, which is like the most kitty coaster for adults. Love it though. And I was like All, right? Like there's all these kids that are like five, six years old getting on there and they're like Woo, let's do it again. And I was like, I don't know. I don't know if I'm gonna like this. Do we? Do we have to? Like I was the one freaking out in the line like there's not much of a line for it. It usually goes pretty quick. And I was, I was like, the kids are running by me. I was like, yeah you guys go ahead. And she was like, no, no it's gonna be fine. You're gonna enjoy it. It's like trust me, there's no loops or anything. And I was like, oh but are there big hills, big scary hills?


I dunno if I'll like a big scary hill. Meanwhile driving in a car if you go up and down the big hill, I'm like yeah that was fun. But something about not having a roof over my head. I was like like oh I don't know. I don't know if I'm gonna like it. All of a sudden she got me on that one got me on the racer back whenever there were the racer was forward and backward and we kinda like just went from there. But like every time I enjoyed it and she was like, All right, let's go to one's tiny step forward. I was like, I don't know if I'll like one tiny step forward. I like that one. But like if this one's a little bit scarier I don't know then I'd like it. So same thing, did you Really find the adventure Express that terrifying? I remember it being bumpy. I don't remember it that terrible though. I had never ridden it. So like looking at it, it was bigger than the teacups. This Is total departure from rollercoasters.


What I would recommend people trying is taking an improv class. 'cause this goes back to like us doing the tour and stuff like that as a YouTuber I had this like, well actually even before I was a YouTuber I loved whose line is it Anyway, I thought it was hilarious. I still think it's hilarious. I don't watch it as much as I did but I watched it religiously back in the day. Looping through, people know that. But taking an improv class is such a drastic difference from watching it because you won't realize how unfunny you are until you take that first improv class. 1 0 1 is just a bunch of people, everyone's nervous, no one's confident and no one has any instincts unless they're just there taking it again for fun.


But I recommend it 'cause it's kind of a safe space to suck And. It's not on stage, it's just with a bunch of other people that also don't know And. it is fun when you start to understand like that it is just supposed to be for fun. I believe actors should take improv classes. I learned more about acting in an improv class than I ever did taking an actual acting class. I don't recommend people try an acting class, especially if it's like an advertised one. Look good. I School we're so prestigious. We'll teach you so much stuff. It's like I hated every class I ever went to. It's such a, such a smarmy stupid area. But the improv classes were actually very fun, very educational and and did help train that kind of openness and natural response.


So if you ever wanted to get out of your comfort zone, I recommend taking an improv class. It's good times. I'm assuming you took one beyond what we did for the tour or are you talking about the one we did together? I took one before we Okay. Started getting training from Rachel. I had that experience whenever we were doing that in front of Rachel And. it was like got this great idea man this is gonna really hit. And with Rachel as our only audience member and she just sit there like stone faced watching us and like you could just feel like, oh God, technically I did something wrong. Was it funny? It wasn't funny. Am I funny? I'm not funny. No. Like you have all those thoughts. Every scene you do you're like, you go through like those catastrophic thoughts of like, dude what a great scene. She's not laughing. Was it funny? Like just questioning everything.


But that's Still one of my greatest joys in life. I made Rachel laugh once. Was it the time she went ha ha Dick, was that it? No. Well no that wasn't to me. Or wasn't that was to someone who just like no butted the absolute fuck out of a absolute softball. Yeah it was like a conversation in three lines. And. it was like, Hey David. And they're like, I'm Jeremy. Like wow. No, I don't remember if that was it or not, but I just remember I made her laugh by being so inept at the game we're playing that I absolutely demolished every rule all in one sentence. An action that I took. But still I made Rachel laugh so it was funny.


She's, she's a tough audience though. And also so effortlessly funny that it's, I remember that feeling. I'll remember that for the rest of my life. I think when everyone buys in and accepts the rules of improv, if somebody does break the rules in the right circumstance, it can be really funny. Oh Yeah, being a musician, I know this well the have in your bones before you're allowed to just willy-nilly break rules and whatnot. But it's so easy to break the rules because I love whose line I wanna go back and rewatch the old seasons again. That arctic turd bit has been in my head for a while now too. 'cause it came up on social media recently. What sound does it make? Back Street pollies. No Colin. That's wrong.


I was thinking of an owl. The scene they do, I forget what the game is called, but basically they're like, they've gotta like beat their spies and they have to break into like the, I forget the, they even call 'em I, I call, call him some fucking crazy And. it was like the e flu of something or another. And they're basically, it's like the cat. The scene with the cat. Yeah The Cat. I don't remember much about the scene other than they're like breaking into some like prince's apartment or something and they've gotta like change out his, his Ous Ous his, the ous of whatever. They Couldn't get the name either. And Like you could tell Ryan and Collin don't know what a BEUs is or at least one of them I don't think did. They don't know who the hell this person is And the whole time Colin is just like fucking with Ryan and Ryan can't keep it together.


And it's so funny the BEUs scene, I forget, I don't remember all the specifics but God that every time, that whole scene always gets me 'cause We need something to agitate it. Gimme the beans The cat. No that's no good. The cat's wet now Use the cat. God it's so funny. That's an opportunity with no but works the cat. No the cat's wet because It's building. It's like ah come on man. The cat's wet. No is different than we can't. That's true. Can I steal someone's story for a thing that people tried but it was someone else but they liked it? Sure. Karaoke Interesting. I am not a big singer. I'm not a big singing in front of other people type person.


I love music but I play instruments. I don't sing and I didn't do this but this past weekend Mandy was at her brother's birthday celebrations and one of the things they did is they went to a karaoke bar. And this is not like the Korean style where it's like you get your own room and you just your party kind of singing with each other or whatever. It was like the whole bar is watching, it's a stage. You go up on stage, you do a song in front of everybody. She was very reticent about it and basically they all got there and everyone was like, well we're here. You have to do it now you have to do it. And she, you know, she got pressured into doing it. She thought it was gonna be awful. She was really nervous about it. Mandy's honestly a pretty good singer. Like she's a good musician, she just didn't wanna do it.


But then she got up on stage and the thing about at least good karaoke bars apparently is you just get unconditional hype when you do it. You go up there and even if you sing the absolute worst rendition of whatever thing you're singing, the whole fucking place is drunk and hype and everyone is just like cheering and screaming and it's like no matter how terrified you might be or how bad of a singer you might be, whatever. It's just like a hard to experience that feeling because of what we do. And like we've done the live show but we also do it. We kind of get that where people cheer for us no matter how stupid or terrible we are or our jokes are, whatever, sometimes we Need it.


Yeah. But like it's hard to get that if your job isn't being an idiot online in front of everybody all the time. And she said it was like just the best just it was that karaoke bar was fucking great And, it was great to do And. it was like a big morale boost to just get that kind of unconditional hype and cheering and so yeah, do karaoke get out there. It's terrifying but it's exciting. Here's The tip, if you're nervous, pick a song that is universally loved. Like do like Sweet Caroline or something because then everyone's gonna sing along with you anyway and clap along. It can't go wrong with like a classic that everyone else wants to hear or sing along to. Anyway, what You should really do is try and do rap. God everyone loves rap. God Our VFX guy Wes, we had a wrap party for Iron Lung and it's you know, at the rooftop bar someplace.


We've done it for heist in space rap Like the end of the party or rap like everyone had to rap Like rap up Wade Like wrapping up. Yes. And Wes loves karaoke, like loves karaoke. So he brought his own karaoke setup which he has to the wrap party. It wasn't there there. And what what is so amazing is some of the people that you would never expect are unbelievable karaoke experts. I would say one person, he was in the the makeup and like prosthetic design, he regularly wins competitions for performing karaoke. He is incredible.


And some of the people like in like the lighting department Bailey was just like an unbelievable singer and there was so many other different talents that we're getting up there and just yearning for it. Everyone loves karaoke. It doesn't matter if you're good or bad and then doing it in a group setting is just amazing. 'cause you'll see like these talents come out of nowhere and just like blow you away. It's super cool. Very fun. Cool. Do you have another one that you do like that you wanna go with Mark? Because I was gonna switch up and go to things we that we didn't like that we tried. I mean there, well there's a ton of a mind kind of overlap with what you guys have been doing. There's so many things that I've tried. I, I guess What's something you tried and absolutely hated? Okay, we're switching to hate acting class. I mean I did mention that. That's fair.


Here's why In acting class, unlike with 1 0 1 improv, you have people that have been taking that class for years and years. And the problem with that is in each acting class they start to develop their own inside language and their own inside jokes and their own inside what is good. And they develop a taste that is exclusive to that class and not necessarily even if the class is teaching a subset of acting that people really believe. And in all honesty, like each subset of acting is just a different way to get to the same point, right? Believability or, or like truth in the moment or or yada yada. It's, it's what improv is just like just being relaxed and in the moment.


But then you get these people that are just so unbelievably pretentious and they almost teach through shame, right? They teach by going when you go up and try to do something and you don't do it right instead of everyone laughing it off and being like, ha ha, you know, no, not like that. They, no one laughs no one does anything other than just being like, wow, you're not doing it right. At least some of the acting classes that I've been to. But I've been to a few now and they're all the same. And so you have people that just don't want to give you any kind of leeway outside of the box that they believe is the right method. And I'm not saying all of it's like that, but I've had much better experience with one-on-one practice and coaching than I ever have in a class setting.


But obviously you know, it's harder to get that 'cause that's more expensive to pay for one-on-one training. But also at the same time I've learned more about acting just by doing than I ever did. Taking a class or learning something. You Hate Bob. I'm gonna start with a big one. Oh it's gonna out me as a nerd and generally uncool loser person. My first one I want to go with is alcohol. Can I just say once and for all I understand that adults are supposed to have your palate develops and I do feel like mine has developed and I, I like more complex and bitter and whatever flavors than I used to my scale for like what alcohol I want. If someone is like, we're having drinks and they're like, what do you have is what do I find the least offensive thing I can drink from the bar that we're at or whatever.


And it's generally like a gin and tonic or some kind of really light beer. Not light beer but like a like wheat beers or something because they're generally, they have pretty un inoffensive tastes I thought at some point like ever. I don't know everyone, a lot of people have that experience where you're in college or you're in college ish age, right? You, you reach drinking age. 'cause I would never have drank before I turned 21. I definitely waited and you get that first opportunity and and you're like, oh I get to try this out and the first time you try beer or whatever, you're kind of like, yeah it's great. Ugh. Ugh. But like you're supposed to like it, right? It's a thing and especially it's your birthday party or whatever like fine. But I never got past that. Every time I've ever drank anything it was mainly because we were in a setting where everyone was like, let's have a drink.


And I didn't be that wanna be that one guy. It was like, oh gimme a diet coke with a lime on the rim that'll hold me over. Really wanna mix it up with this lime. It's just gross. You guys are not big drinkers either, so maybe this is a weird group to have this conversation. Is there like an alcohol you really like? Like you drink it and you think, hmm, delicious Or is it like you drink it and you're like wow, despite how burning that is in my mouth or whatever, I can tolerate that. Are you talking beers or alcohol? 'cause it's been a while since I took a shot. I, anything, I don't know. I all of it. Even mixed drinks. I like non-alcoholic beers of certain types.


I don't want the fancy IPA with all the hops. I like a non-alcoholic light beer because I drink piss water even when I was in college and I enjoyed it 'cause it didn't have a lot of flavor but it had just enough. so I do enjoy, like my most recent one is called Athletic Light Athletic makes a bunch of other ones that I don't give a shit about. They're all these upside dawn or whatever it's called with like oh it's got so many notes of yada yada and I don't care. You can really taste the dirt. It was grown in. I was like I don't care, gimme the light one. So the light one is actually great. I like it a lot. Crazy expensive. Way too expensive. There's not even alcohol in it. Why is it so expensive?


It doesn't make any sense. That Is kind of silly. Smirnoffs s Mike's hard lemonades, those kinds of drinks I enjoy. There's like a, a New Year's celebration, Mike's Hard Lemonade that had like some different flavors that I actually really enjoyed. Pina coladas, like fruity drinks like that. As long as they're lighter on the alcohol, I don't want a lot of alcohol. In fact I would be happy with just like a virgin daiquiri or virgin pina colada. But sometimes like a little bit adds a little bit of a flavor without being like the burning grossness. But if they put too much in there, it's just kinda like, oh man the bartender was generous tonight. Yeah. Hmm. Good. A good one. But like if your goal is to get intoxicated, I guess that's what you want. But for me it's like I don't, if I get, like when we were doing drunk Minecraft back in the day, man, we'd record earlier in the afternoon and getting fucking hammered at like 2:00 PM and then having the rest of the day to be like, oh fuck.


Good thing I don't work today is my day off Dude, have I ever told you about that time I was at Maker and we were doing an idea that involved drinking. Have I ever talked about this? I don't think so. I don't Remember this. This is one of the first time I was coming out to LA so it was very early on and there was this idea to do a kind of miniseries that was about, you know, drunk history, right? It was a parody of that but talking about video games. so I was get drunk, talk about a game from your childhood. It was actually not a bad idea. It just like, you know, it doesn't have the same punch as drunk history because you're just recalling something from your, your child that are trying to explain it to me. It's like a spinoff of that sort of thing. I could see that. So I, I did that and you know, I don't tolerate alcohol very well but this is before I had my heart attack and I stopped drinking.


So it's one o'clock, right? I get there in the morning and we start drinking and and start filming. And so it's at a place that's like down the street from where Maker Studio used to be. For those who don't know, maker Studio was the MCN that I was a part of when I first started Multi-channel network. It was a big thing. It's not a thing anymore. There Are some, but I don't know why Maybe for smaller channels do need it for like, you know, collective getting brand deals. It does help to some extent. But for the most part back then it was a wild west and there was a lot of like sometimes not cool, sometimes very cool, doesn't matter down the street. Filmed it, walked back to the main studio and I drove there. so I needed to like wait until I was good. I clearly was not in any shape to drive.


so I was gonna just spend a few hours there, hang out, talk to people, maybe film another video. I was spending a lot of time at the office, but I walked in hammered right at one 30, right? So everyone thought that I had a serious problem. No one told anyone else in the office what was happening. No. And here I am being like, hey man, you do it. It was just, I had a whole bottle of wine or something And. it was just like, just breathing on everybody. And I heard later that people, people legitimately thought, oh God, oh no, he's, oh fuck, what do we do? I guess ignore it. Oh should we help him? Oh man, this is so bad. All these, oh it sucks when a YouTuber just goes downhill, huh?


It's just people thought That for a long time before eventually like the story came around like, oh is that a show that never actually went out? So there's footage of that somewhere. Somewhere. There's footage of that recording. I don't know where though I never had it 'cause it wasn't my show. There's A lot of maker things that never quite came to fruition. I filmed a couple of 'em that were like, oh this might be good. We'll see. And then like it just disappeared off the face of the earth. Yeah. And Then you did that Ellen Musk show. Yep. are you a robot? Or whatever the hell it was called. Something like that. Yeah. Really thought it was Ellen for a long time. That's Really funny. No one corrected me, dude. I just knowing, knowing you personally and like how you like who you are and how you choose to drink and, and just in general, even before you really stopped completely.


It's so fucking funny to think there, there were some, like a small group of people out there was like, oh my god, that is a raging alcoholic. Holy Fuck. There's probably like one or two people that's like left after that day. They still think that Is he okay? I'm sure there are like Mark says he doesn't drink because of health reasons. I'm sure it's because of rehab. It's good for him I guess. But he could at least be honest, Court ordered health reasons. Hmm. I don't know. I know and explained it too there. How is there no crossover between the, whoever may have known you did that and that everyone else because someone just had to like walk in and, and they were like, oh, Mark's drunk guy.


And one person had to be like, oh, we just filmed a show of like drunk gaming history. We just filmed that. He just drank like whole bottle of wine for show, for the show we filmed. And they would've all been like, oh wow, that makes sense. This was at a time when there was like 200 people in that office, like, oh Lord, packed with people. so I can totally understand where word wouldn't get around far enough, but it's, it's a thing where it's like a whole pen of, of people working and you have to walk past all of 'em to get into the area where the gaming section was. So, and I imagine you bursting through the double doors, stumbling in like, hello Everybody. They're like, oh God, Mark's here again.


I probably was kind of annoying like that. so I I wouldn't doubt that I did. And frankly I just went in and started blabbering and I took a nap on a couch somewhere and I don't even know who's couch. It Was like couches Around Mark, you can have my couch, but I I gotta go work over here for a while and you're bye-bye. God, don't remind me it probably what it was Drunk Mark sounds a lot like toddler. Mark James says bye to everything. Literally walking through a parking lot. He's like, hi car. bye-Bye car. That's cute. It's cute, but it's really silly. It's A little bit different of an image than Mark. Like hammers would be like, Hey Car bye. Car Toddlers are kind of like drunk adults. That's, that's not unfair. What are we talking about?


Things we don't like you said alcohol, right, Right, right. Does anyone drink alcohol because they think it's delicious or because you need a little buzz and also you'll tolerate whatever alcohol you Drink. Some people say it's like coffee where it's an acquired taste and they enjoy it more over time. But I feel like by the time I would enjoy it, I would have to have a problem. 'cause I've been drinking on and off for, you know, however many years now and I don't love it. But I'll have a social drink. I like the fruity, tasty drinks. But even those, like I said, like the lower alcohol content, the more I seem to enjoy it. So probably not weird. I'm sure it is an acquired taste, but more likely it's just because there's that end result of alcohol in your system as opposed to the taste.


Hey, it's me, the quenches, I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid No Made with real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches like grape aid. Got the quenches, grab a grpa in your juice aisle,


Get softer, smoother and more even tone skin after just one use. With the new gentle exfoliating line from Cetaphil formulated with a unique triple acid blend that promotes surface skin cell renewal. These gentle chemical exfoliators remove dead skin cells and refined skin's texture while hydrating, resulting in softer, smoother, more even looking skin. Shop the new Cetaphil gentle exfoliating line in the face and body aisles at your local target store or online@chil.com.


Mark something else you tried and you didn't like it? I Don't recommend. I did it for a very short amount of time and I'm sure to some people it was very fulfilling. I did not like being a waiter. A waiter is a very, very tough job and some people, you know, some people like do it all the time and they're very good at it. I did not like being a waiter because it's not that I couldn't do it, it's not that I couldn't be nice and I, you know, it was very, very charming. It's just like the heartbreak of you put everything into the service you provided, you made 'em laugh, everything was great. And then the tip at the end of it is just abysmal.


What really struck me. And always remember. 'cause I, I like, I I did great. I, I was trying to take care of this table. It was like a family of four or five or something like that, fairly large bill. And I was like, okay, this will be a good tip, like da da da. And they, they tipped about 8% and they left a note being like, great service here. You deserve this to an 8% tip. And I, I, I'm not a big proponent of tipping culture in general. I feel like that probably should change someday. But that was heartbreaking and I realized like, ah, it doesn't matter how much effort I put in, this is just the way it is. so I couldn't do it. Also the, the terrible tables were just awful. People don't give a shit and people get really mad for the smallest reasons and they just want to take their frustrations out on someone that they feel is beneath them.


So yeah, don't recommend that, That that is a tough job. Yeah, Very tough job. I Know everyone, like the economy sucks right now and people are struggling for money. But like waiters and waitresses I feel like have always usually been under tip. I try to tip well whenever I get, whenever I go out and have service or whatever, but like, this is not something like a fun thing to have like that unpredictable of a income. Yeah. I gave you a point and I wrote waiter and I drew a top hat on the w for no particular reason, but I just wanted you to know that it's there. Thank You. He wasn't a fancy waiter. Okay, let's not get it twisted. It was for the sushi place I worked at. I I I also worked at, So he is like, fuck you Bob. I hated that job Since we Well, but you were not mostly a waiter there. That was right. Wasn't that right near the end? Yeah. So I went waiter and then I was like, I hate this.


Can I try a bartender? And then I, I I had the, the appendix tumor power duo and I lost my job got taken. so I didn't have a, a position there anymore. I should have just stuck with busing. Busing was so nice. Nah Dude. Busing was where it was at. I was a buser at that place for a while. That was nice. Go clear a table, pour some water, drink some miso, eat some rice. Clear table, The endless supply of miso soup and rice in the back. And spicy mayo. You could just like get a bowl of rice, put a little spicy mayo, have a little snack. And they always had family. Did you ever get to have the family meal there? Yeah. That was So good. If you started right at open, you got to eat the meal that like all the real employees got to eat. You walked as a buster and you're like, I have one me.


Yeah. Oh, it's delicious. It was always good. That Job was amazing. It was a great place. I did not realize how good that job was until I lost it and had to like, I worked a microcenter and ugh. And The, the guy who managed it too, Leo was his name. Leo was awesome. I after I worked there, but before we moved away, Mandy and I went to Ichiban a few times and every time we showed up Leo would be like, Hey, Bob, look at your special table, have some appetizers. But that dude was awesome. He was super nice. I love his, his, his New York accent went in. But I believe, Let me be honest, Leo was Chinese and he was an immigrant and I'm not gonna try and emulate how he actually spoke. He was like just the best, too best.


Probably one of the best managers I ever had. Very awesome. He was really, really cool. He was cool to me too. Whenever I went back, I never saw him there, but man, yeah, that was a really, really good job. Good place. I hope it's still in business. Is it? I don't know. We've been, we've been meaning to like have a look and, and go stop by if it was still open. But I think I looked on like Google Maps and it's still there, but I have no idea if it was like sold to new ownership or what exactly. Hmm. Okay. Well hopefully, Or if it's just not Mark disclosed on Google, who knows? Mark hated that place. Good point for Mark. It's funny that you brought up like a job. This is what a thing I did as a job for a short time. Wouldn't recommend it driving rideshare and specifically rideshare because I also was a pizza guy.


I did this before the time of like Uber Eats and DoorDash and things were big. I would've probably really liked doing like food delivery, driving rideshare. I drove for Uber specifically. But doing that, it wasn't like always bad, but the bad parts were so bad it was not worth the rest of it because it was just a string of people. Like some nights I would only meet nice people some nights, every single fair they get in and you're like, Hey, are you Melissa? Yeah, we're going Okay. And you do the drive and they then they tip you and it's like cool and whatever. It was decent, but the bad ones, holy fuck are the bad ones. Etched in my memory forever. I, the worst fair I ever had, I drove a Ford Fusion and I, and I was just like an Uber driver and a midsize sedan.


so I could accommodate four small adults. Like there could technically be three people in the backseat, but that was it. And one time I pulled up, we were live near, you know, North Carolina State University and so I would do a lot of college fairs. I pulled up to like a sorority house and five completely trashed like sorority girls who were at a sorority party walked up and we're like, this is our car. And I was like, there's at least one too many of you. I can't take, like you should order an Excel or whatever, right? I, and they're like, we're getting in. And like I rolled the window down but I hadn't unlocked the doors. They like reached in and opened the door. They literally just would not stop getting in the car at a certain point I just resigned and I was like, okay, it's a short drive.


I'll just fucking like, this is probably illegal and not great. We'll just go safely and quickly and I'll get rid of them. It was literally less than a 10 minute drive. And in this time they almost got me pulled over twice because they were one of them kept trying to hang out the window and yell at people. But then another one of them was starting to get sick and they started hanging out the window so that they could be sick out the window. And, it was four girls in the backseat and one in the front. The one in the front was, I don't know if asleep, I don't remember. Super nice. Didn't say anything, didn't bother me. Totally fine. But those girls, I, that was near the end and that was one of the last nights where I, that like boiled the whole night, pissed me off. I also had a bunch of really angry people just in general having to interact with people in that way in the ride share format as the driver was not worth it didn't make enough, nearly enough money at that job for that to be worth.


It sucked. People suck, did some random crazy shit or made fun of me. A good number of people would be really mean to me. Make a lot of fat jokes or just like poke fun at the car or like they were just in a bad mood and they took it out on me. It's like really weird. That's Bizarre. I don't know. Some people are like that. They just, they're like okay this person I've hired status. I need to build myself up and the only way I know is to put someone down. Some people are just like that. I've told you about the guy that I knew in college, anytime a girl was around, he insulted every other guy around him just because he had to make himself feel not look, it was not a good look. It never worked, but make himself feel like he was above everyone else and that would mark him as like a, just a sadis of a man.


And that's Real sigma shit right there. Yeah, absolutely. A hundred percent. See I had the opposite thought. Whenever you're talking about the ride share thing, do you remember Bob? I don't know if you were there or not. I can't remember. There was a convention we went to, I think it was in Boston. It was, I think I was there and we were going to a maker party and we called a cab and we were running late and we made the mistake of telling the cab driver we were running late And. it was at least the three of us. I think it was the three of us. I was at least with you Mark. But like we told the catch driver, we were running late and he proceeded to drive in like the middle of the road, rolled down both windows, had a middle finger hanging out of both sides and fucking just flew, cut down some sketchy back alleys got us there and he wouldn't open the doors until we gave him a big tip for getting us there quickly.


Neat. I actually don't think I was in that one. He did what you asked. I guess We comrade what we but man I Thought you were gonna talk about it was we had like a full SUV with like a bunch of us trying to just get to the convention and he couldn't fucking find his way out of a paper bag. And somehow we ended up like down by the water on a little one way delivery road and he did like a turnaround awkwardly drove out the one way he was just hopelessly lost and sucked at driving and navigating in general. Yeah, Boston has some crazy Ubers. We had an Uber or Lyft, I think it was Uber driver, took us to the airport and wouldn't let us get our luggage out of the trunk until he saw us physically give him a five star rating.


God out of the trunk, Our luggage. Oh, I thought you were trapped in the trunk. It's just, I missed something key there. No, no. Our luggage was in the trunk. We were able to get out but we couldn't have our luggage until we gave him a five star rating. I've seen that in a comedy sketch on SNL. Not in real life Really happened. He was angry, kind of muscular guy but you know, would not let us have our shit until he saw the five star rating. It's like, dude, I would've just given you one. Like the ride was fine. Why the fuck are you so scary now? Does he know that you can petition afterwards, tell him that you were going tell customer service, Tell them that that was a very bad experience actually. And you were just trying to avoid a muning mugging.


Mugging A mugging. Yeah. Yeah, we were gonna get mugging. Dunno man, but it was like the, the whole ride was perfectly fine. He was nice. He didn't talk too much. Like we kind of chatted among ourselves. It was great. Got there and then all of a sudden his demeanor just fucking shifted as to like, I'll let you have your stuff once I see you give me a five star rating. And it's like you saw 'em up in the front seat, just like the shadow on the ceiling. Can we get outta the car? Alright Mr. Hyde Call Back. So have you guys ever like some, sometimes you get an Uber black or whatever and they're like, they'll have bottles of water and it's like they're trying to be fancy. Have you ever had like a really low rent Uber? Try and be fancy. But it, it was weird. We had this one where it was like, it was a fine car but it was like an old nineties Buick whatever, not a very fancy new car, but he had like plastic grocery bags tied on the back of the seat with like little fun sized bags of chips in it and then like a, a different bag on the floor, like a sack full of water bottles.


And we got in and he was like, help yourself to some snacks guys, check this out. I got chips, we got cold drinks. I don't think they were cold. I think they were just on the floor. But like, it was just super weird 'cause it was like trying to be a town car but actually not like, just not very nice guy. It's just weird. Yeah, I could say he is trying, he is trying there. I Get it. He wants those five stars I guess. Had a friend li rent a, a limo one time that drove us to like an airport or whatever, which was cool. It had like a cooler with like, I think like a bottle of wine, some glasses and like sodas and stuff. But the snacks were open bags of chips that were clipped closed but clearly had been shared by the people before.


But like new bottles of wine and sodas on ice in the back and then previously opened big bags of like Doritos just like with a clip on it. Great All, right guys we're at the, we're at the airport. Can you roll those up and put those chip clips back on the bags for me? So just so I don't have to climb back there and do that. I appreciate it. Are you sure that wasn't someone else's snack that they had left behind? Did he say anything about them? It was in its own little basket, like three or four different bags of chips. One was unopened, it was like sour cream or something. And then like three that were open of various amounts left with a clip on it. So if it was left he was like sweet free food for the next one and just put 'em in a basket. But I don't know, The clip is premeditated.


You don't just have chip clips in a car, you have chip clips because you expect to have leftover chips somewhere. That guy knows what he did. Yeah, That's the memory. I thought that should have just been lost to the void, but it's back. Well, as we wind down here here, any more big likes or dislikes of things you tried that you guys wanna throw out there before we wrap up? We can do one more each. You choose like or dislike, whatever comes to mind. I didn't like we Mm, okay. I don't partake. I have but Bob like, you know, perfectly legally. Of course. Well If, if we're being totally honest, you just happen to come hang out with me at a point where other people also made that happen. I, I'm going to sell myself out as a total weenie.


Again, I've never bought any weed except for one time in my life, which was, I was in Amsterdam and I went to a cafe where it's completely legal to just like buy and then smoke upstairs in the cafe and then go hang out and do Amsterdam stuff. I had friends, you know, generous friends. And then you, you left to pick up someone from the airport and then I proceeded to pack two more bowls and smoke them myself. I don't think I ever told you that I did that When you were arrived. I was just catatonic on the couch. How many times did I go to the bathroom? Like constantly? Yeah. I kept getting up and be like, gotta go to the bathroom guys. And I would just sit on the floor, look at the ceiling, watch it melt and be like, come on, Come on. Keep it, come on it together.


He doesn't know a thing. You got this, you're So cool about this. And go back, lay on the couch, pretend to watch tv. 'cause I, I didn't see a thing. I think I was functionally blind when I was on that couch staring at the lights on the tv and I'd be like, go, go to the bathroom again. And then I would go lay on the floor. Come on man. Come on. Dude. That's so funny when that happens. I don't know if it's specific varieties of weed or whatever that, that gave you different types of highs. I think that's a thing. But like, there was one time I was in Vegas with some friends And, it was after it was legalized there and we got some like gummies and we just like had what seemed like a reasonable amount dosage and then went and hung out in the pool for a while.


It was totally fine and I was having a good time. And then at one point it just like hit, and I don't remember this, but I apparently I stood straight up in a pool that was like three feet deep and I'm six and a half feet tall. so I stood up this huge dude and I looked over at friends and I was like, do you think they could tell I'm so high right now? Do do you think anyone knows? Like I was so it just like hit and I was just like, oh, oh. And lost all, all concept of anyone else being around. Apparently it was fucking hilarious. I don't really remember it that much. I, To this day have never tried anything. Alcohol is the one thing I've tried.


I've tried nothing else. Not a puff of a cigarette. Not a puff of a cigar. Not weed, nothing. That's fair. Not missing much with tobacco. It is addictive, but I still like the smell. Yeah, no, I, I still like the smell of cigars. My dad smokes cigars and smoked them when I was a kid and I'll have one from time to time. But I'm the same with cigars as I am with alcohol. I smoked them a cigar that I find least offensive, but I still, every time I'm like, love this. I have a quick and easy one that was just really sad. Sure. Our summer vacations when I was a kid, we would always just go camping up in northern Michigan. My mom became increasingly successful in her career as we grew up. So it sort of went from like camping until like we would get like a cottage or a rental or something.


But we would, there was one place, I don't remember exactly when it was, but we were camping somewhere and there was this place that was renting out recumbent bicycles. Recumbent meaning like, you sit back and the pedals are kind of in front of you and it's like you're really low to the ground and you're kind of laying back and it's a bicycle and everyone was fucking riding them. They were yellow, they were bright yellow and you saw them everywhere. And then we were there for like a week camping and, and just hanging out. And I, every day I was like, God, I want to do that so bad. God, can we rent some of those bicycles? And my parents were like, that don't look very fun. I mean, well think about it, but like, I don't think you're gonna like, and I was just obsessed. Please, please let me just ride.


I'll rent it by myself and I'll just ride around by our campsite. Finally they relented and went through the whole thing and paid And. it was kind of expensive, blah, blah blah. Finally I got my helmet. I sat down, I rode maybe 30 feet before I was like, oh, Oh no, I'm committed to doing this for like the rest of today. Now I made like, I have made this such a big fucking deal. I can't, I never said a word about it to my parents or anyone. I just rode around and was like, e yay. I fucking hated that thing. God damnit. Some people need to ride or come bike for physical reasons, posture reasons or whatever, physical demands of their body.


However, they're so fucking uncomfortable to me. Oh my god, I hated it so deeply. Anyway, that was very disappointing. I never told my bear, I pretended to like the shit outta that recumbent bike. 'cause to this Day they think you liked the bike. They, they probably were watching me ride around smiling but crying and were like, I knew he wouldn't like it now he's just gonna have to ride that thing around all day. Good Stuff. Well good episode boys. I'm gonna go through here. Let's see how we all did. Mark, let's start with you. Oh come On man. Don't do me like this. I'm sure it means nothing. I have points for good or great. The man who has nothing.


I steal lines. Funny joke. It was supposed to be funny joke. I don't know. Secret plot. Improv class. Rap party. Acting class. Bad raging, alcoholic Mr. Hyde. Callback weed. Bob's fault. Oh you both got a page master point. I wrote off to the side too. Oh nice. Nice. Bob. You got points for ready. Linus tip watch band. Which led me to think about rock band, which led me to think I miss rock band. So your watch band got you a point. Nice wear ball in all caps. Oh I think when you were James throwing the ball. Mm, park rides the rollercoasters made Rachel laugh.


Alcohol bad Cratic. K-R-A-D-I-C. Too bad. You know, too bad is definitely what that probably says. Probably driving ride share sorority. No. Can they tell I'm high And campsite biking? Mark you finished with 5, 10, 15, 17 points. Oh cool. I wonder who won Unfortunately because you didn't get the two bonus points at the start. You started off a little behind Bob. You finished with 5, 10, 15, 16 points meaning mark wins what? No bullshit is No bullshit. And then I get the two extra Points and then Bob gets two extra points.


But Mark does too. 'cause page master All. right. Do the outro fellas, I'll be right back. You don't need me. All right? That's your loser speech, right? Oh wait, loser speech. Yeah, I mean I suck. Look, I suck so bad. I quit the podcast. Bye. And there you have it. All. right? No loosening. Bob quit. Wow. High stakes here. I'm, I'm proud to have, have won the last episode of Distractible. Just sad I won't be able to host another with this win. Wanna finish Many crimes were admitted in this episode. If they were cut out, that's the editor's fault and the body shall remain buried I guess. But hopefully you know all, all will be as they are. Bob is currently running away from the police.


They're coming for him. We can only hope they catch Him. He deserves it. Well if you haven't already, go follow Bob. He's Myer, wherever he is, mark Applier. He'll be hosting an episode with no one else there 'cause he won. And I'm Wade Minion. 7 7 7 Lu minion. 7 7 7. We have merch Distractible store.com. Stay tuned for whatever the three of us get into next prison life. Nothing new friendships. 'cause this one ended. Who knows. Yeah. But until that time, podcaster.