
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like, All my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know, when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. I dunno. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bang Court Bank. Na, pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode of Distractible is brought to you by Amazon. Did you know it's like October? That means the holidays are in like, like a, a little bit, Which is why I wait till about, I don't know, December 10th, and I go online. The first thing I find that makes me think of somebody, I'm like, buy it. Send it, chip it. Done. Does it really matter how you gift? I don't think so. There's something for everyone on Amazon and you can shop early holiday deals from toys and fashion to home sports, outdoor and more at amazon.com/fall. Favorites.


This episode is brought to you by Batman aum. Shadow available only on Meta Quest three and three s. I'm just excited to be able to use Batman's gadgets. Grappl no gun Shock glove punch, the Rat King, the bat versus the rat. That's gonna make for some really good headlines. Become the Knight Batman AUM Shadow is included when you buy Medi Quest. Three or three s Available October 22nd. Learn more at bat batman aum shadow.com. Great. T for team shadows only VR Met Quest three and three s offer valid on qualifying products. Purchase Eptember 25th, 2024 through April 30th, 2025. Terms apply.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Berserker Bob bashes, the Bengal, then pro his pals to give us all the heebie-jeebies, woodland, Wade Decries Sports Hopes, gets grizzly with gusto, but gets naught. But a nod miraculous. Mark has a mythical hard one and misses the macabre with his malevolent mirth from Matt Damon to But Plugs. Yeah, it's time for Two Sentence Horror Stories. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to Hit podcast Distractible. I'm your host for today because I am a winner, by which of course, I mean I won by giving up on almost every dream I ever had. I'm joined as usual by my two competitors for today's episode, mark and Wade. Woo-hoo. Hello. If you've never seen the show before, I'm the host, which means I get to make up the rules and also I will be assigning points that guys are competing to earn as most points as possible, as most close enough. But the points don't really matter and maybe having the most points isn't even the goal. Who knows? It's all just made up. But it's very, it's very closely documented.


I have a, I have a book here that I write everything down and it's very official, but it doesn't matter. But it's important to keep close track and accurate record. But who cares? I have a sort of a game we're gonna play today, but before we get into the game, it is custom and tradition in our great nation of Distractible to begin with small talk. So how are you guys doing today? How's, how's it, how's it hanging Mark? Yes. Oh, I was just saying hello. I thought you were raising your hand. Me, Me. He really wants to go. Okay, All, right. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I have finally gotten my hands on the Mythical 61 Terabyte Hard drive. Oh my God. Rip It out and Show us. I don't have it right here.


Actually, I just missed the package of It. I thought you had your hands on it. No, I actually, I would've had my hands on it. But you know, we did the last episode and I was like trying to track this package and you know, they can show it on the map sometimes, but I kept saying like, error, we can't, something went wrong. Can't show it to you. I was like, oh, okay. Well I guess they can, turns out they already tried to deliver it and that didn't get to me. But I will soon have my hands on the mythical 61 Terabyte Hard Drive. It's actually two of Them. Le well that, that it's two of them is more impressive. But that you don't actually have them as way less impressive. That's cool though. That's pretty big. I saw a, like a tech blog, not an official thing, but I saw people theorizing that like large terabyte hard drives are in the near future.


Like in the next four years, it will be very commonplace to have a 60, 60 terabyte drive because we're, we're reaching another sort of breakthrough point where memory is, is gonna like double and double again in the next short period. So, God, imagine the number of battle passes I can have on games then I Could have so many gotcha games installed on my phone when it's 60 terabytes. Yeah. I, I miss the days when it was like, man, four terabytes four, oh, I'll never fill this. My first computer that I had that was like mine, which was a hand me down, but like my dad gave me his little computer when I was in maybe middle school, maybe high school, somewhere in there. Had a 10 whoa, 20 gigabyte hard drive.


And I, and I never had, I never filled it up. I never had the issue of like, well, I better delete some stuff. I just, just, I installed all the games I wanted. I'm pretty sure I played StarCraft and, and the Brood war expansion on that computer and the original Call of Duty and all kinds of stuff. How much storage was on like a 1995? Like Windows 95, like a gig? Probably like eight or 16 gigs somewhere in that region. Can't Believe Minesweeper takes up a terabyte now. It'll be really fun when you have those hard drives. Mark, I can't wait for you for that. Thank you. It will be really boring because I'll be like, now I can have the entire project on one enclosure as opposed to strewn across two.


I mean, that is kind of a big deal really. But it's, but I, maybe not to everyone, but I Unfortunately you'll have to be filming in 16 k 16 times the detail. It just works. Well, you know, I, they can, they're, they, they do have a camera now. They could do 16 k, but I'm just like two 40 FPS And what would you watch it On? Yeah. What? Yeah, what the hell would you watch it on? Like, exactly. But I think isn't the, isn't the sphere in Las Vegas. It's, it's big pixels, but isn't that in 16 K or something Ridiculous. You need to render video in 16 K for that In four years. Everyone will have one of those in their home. Every house will just be a sphere, a $3 billion sphere, High quality, like really incredible movie theaters still only project 4K because they don't need to be any more resolution because your eyes can't tell from that distance at that size.


It can't tell. Well what if you're in the front row And you super can't fucking tell. All you're doing is staring at Matt Damon's chin for all of Born Identity. Dude, I saw, I forget which one. I saw one of the Bourne trilogy, the original trilogy movies in, I accidentally was in the first row 'cause I was a kid and I was like, oh, we should sit in the first row. That'll be epic. I have no fucking idea what happened in that movie. Like it was all the fight scenes and stuff. 'cause they're all so tight in those movies and nothing. It's just a lot of elbows and rolled up magazines and I don't know. That's Fun. I I don't, I've never sat in the very front row. I, I'm always tempted to sit in the front section or two, but never the front row. Maybe like the sixth row.


Nah, it's not the move. It's not the move. I Don't like being in the back anymore. 'cause now that I'm in the back I'm like, why am I going to the theater whenever it feels like I'm just at home looking at a screen a mile away. Well, yeah, I mean the back row. Yeah, the back row's not what you want either. You wanna be like two or three rows up from the front of the upper section. I I, my goal is to have my line of sight be about two thirds of the way up the screen so you're like kind of high up. But it gives you like a nice pleasant viewing angle if you're just sitting comfortably. So You're not looking down or like this. But it really depends. Some theaters sound really garbage if you're too far back and it's better to be further forward and have a better sound experience. This feels like the Big Bang episode where everyone tries to pick the right spot and Sheldon's like sitting somewhere random because he is like, this is the auditory sweet spot.


Yeah. Doesn't he do something really annoying to test that and they like scream or something. I don't remember, but I remember that episode now that we're talking about this we're Yeah, they're like, oh perfect viewing angle. And he's like, no, over here is where the sound is the best. But the popcorn actually tastes the best if you are two thirds to the left of the screen. Does it? Oh yeah. Yeah. 'cause you get the right airflow in from the entrance. Especially if the entrance is on the left. Yeah. The coordination of all the radiation from every source is focused right there. Yeah. It really just cooks it the right amount. I prefer to sit in the electromagnetic conversions of the theater myself. Just don't lean forward or your head will explode If you mess up the resonant frequency of your skull, you're in big trouble.


I like being approximately 200 feet from the exit door. That way if the alarm goes off, I know I have precisely the amount of time the average person uses to escape. Sounds like A thing you would say. I'm too lazy. I'm just like, eh, I'd rather finish. I'll finish the movie. If I die, I die. Keep it rolling. They always say the projectionist goes down with the theater. so I don't have anything else that interesting. You Haven't had anything. So Dude, I'm a Bengals fan, man. Life sucks right now. You Don't even know, you don't even know how bad it could suck. Just wait till next week. I bet Gerald Burrow breaks his wrist again. I mean I guess they don't have to worry about the offense being good and the defense being the worst I've ever seen in my life. It's so like we have, I think like it's gotta be one of the top two offenses and probably the worst defense.


And it's just the, it's so painful to watch everything go so right on one side of the ball and so wrong on the other. And still lose every game pain. Don't, if you don't watch sports, don't start, don't ever start. If you're a betting man, you at least you could feel comfortable always taking the over on Cincinnati. 'cause there's no way they're gonna stop anyone from scoring any number of points. Lemme be honest, I haven't recorded an episode of Go a little bit, but I, I don't know what the situation You've Forgotten sports. Yeah, I don't know what the situation is. so I, I don't know if I should feel bad. The Bengals are are one win three losses right now? One in four, aren't we? Is it four now? I don't know. Feels like they've never won. But the last game was especially crushing because they could have won it and they really gave it away. And. it was the Ravens Patriots Chiefs, commanders, Ravens.


Yeah. We're one in four. But Joe Burrow's thrown the most touchdowns of any quarterback in the league. Ah, he's killing it. He's doing great. Like our offense is averaging like we had a bad first week, but other than every other game since we're averaging like 34 points a game, but the defense is giving up like 34.5 points a game, Which on any other team in any other city in the entire league is probably enough to be undefeated. How are they losing that? The defense has been that bad no matter how good the offense is. The defense has found a way to be somehow worse, offense better every week the defense worse every week. This is as much a reflection on the player who did it as the defense.


But my favorite example of this from this past week is no, not The, not the Far the quarterback for the Ravens. No. He, he was, they were close to scoring. They were approaching the end zone and he was in the shotgun. So he is back from the center. He dropped the snap and was like, frantically like, oh, gotta get the ball. Like, and you'd assume like that means it's a bad play, right? He does that. Our, our defensive line is like coming to get him. He's an impending doom. He picks up the ball and is frantically like holy fuck scrambles runs all the way from the middle of the field to the, to the very sideline, keeping the play alive. And then as he's like flying full speed out of bounds across his body, just goes and throws a a perfect strike touchdown pass to a wide open guy.


30 yards away. Like our, our defense is so incompetent that they literally fucked their own play up and still got a touchdown and we couldn't do a thing about it. It was just miserable. That's Sad. It was an incredible play. He's a very good quarterback and there's a reason he was MVP for like the last two seasons or whatever. Like he's very good And. it was impressive. But also one person had to do something on our side of the ball to prevent any of that from happening. And no one could do anything. It wasn't even like the whole team needed. It was like if one guy had done one thing correctly, none of that could have happened. 'cause it was an unbelievable like long shot play. Very crazy, very depressing. It is a clown show, man.


It's like taking people that don't know what football are telling them to line up in specific spots, not giving them any instructions. Then the other team snaps the ball and everyone's just running around. Like, do we guard them? Do we guard a spot? Oh, they're behind me. What do I do about that? Do I stand here and look or do I get 'em? I Don't wanna go hurt the quarterback. I shouldn't tackle him. So maybe I'll just stand here and No, it's like, it's like those li there's when you see like high school football or younger where there's one kid who's clearly just like way bigger than the rest of them. And the whole other team is trying to tackle him and he is just like, and runs into the end zone and just it's like that. But we're the kid and every other person in the entire league is the good kid F football.


But Joe Burr's doing great. It's fine. That's all you need. It's pain. That's all you Need. Yay. I'm glad I came back to this city to root for this football Team. I saw a stat where our head coach, like our, since he's become the coach of our team, we're like 12 and 30 in one score games. Like very close games. Don't win 'em. That's All you need. That's the Bengals way. It's an organizational tradition. Really. You don't watch sports, don't start. It's only pain. That's all you Need. No dude, I'm not. Hockey season starts literally this week. I think Wednesday, the season opener for the, the blue jacket starts. They were the worst team in the entire league last year. They were the actual bottom of the whole league. I love hockey, but it's gonna be a long year trying to root for Columbus.


I almost missed those days. 'cause now that our team's had some success, we're kind of like, dude, we could make the playoffs but maybe we can make a run again. I missed the pre 2021 team where it was like, dude, we won four games last year. All we gotta do is win five and we're better. I kind of missed that feeling of like low expectations. It's, it's less pressure for sure. And of course Andy's, Andy Dalton, who was the quarterback for the Bengals for a while, had just living it up in Carolina. They lost I think this week, but still like he's played great in Carolina. He looks good. He's smiling, he's having a good time. Happy for that dude. I Love Dalton. Miss him. I love Burrow. Don't get me wrong. I'd rather have Burrow, but like I love Dalton. Nah, good for Dalton.


Anyway, mark, that's what's going on in the world of sports Chiefs still win the Bengals still lose and fuck my life. Okay. Yeah. It's all targeting you. Specifically. We all know this main character Syndrome and a bad one at that. This is like my, I instead of going to hell, I reincarnated as a guy with bad luck. Bad plumbing, bad sports. That's what your character card says. Way tall, bald, good at basketball, eh, bad plumbing. Bad sports. Nothing about my charisma or my great jokes. I was gonna make some jokes about it, but I was trying to get to the punchline faster. I sort of, I made the wrong choices in the middle There. We've all made the wrong choices in the middle of things. You know how it Is. I mean, that's the story of my life.


I'll do something, it'll be working and I'll be like, it's too easy. Better change or change everything. Better try every other thing than the thing that's working right now. Must be a fluke. Just series of failures after another. Then I come back to the thing I did before and I can't do it right. Even when I try to do the thing I originally did. It's just me playing, getting over it. Well better change everything again. If you're playing getting over it right now, I'll watch. No, I'm not. I don't want to. I don't wanna, I mean that's fair. I win the episode. If Mark can't beat getting over it, he wins the episode. If he beats it. Ready to go In the episode? Yeah. Speed. run it. Mark, what's your, what's your fastest time? Eight minutes. I saw someone do it in two minutes, man, you got this. My fastest time is like a month and a half. I don't, I don't Think.


I don't know that's gonna work. Well I tried. Sorry viewers.


This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola Creations. What happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best become besties. Let's taste the new Coca-Cola Oreos, your sugar limited edition. Mark. are you, do you have yours? are you excited? They sent us these special and then we're gonna, we're gonna try 'em. I've been in an undisclosed location, kind of in a ducks To be you. Cheers, Bob. Yeah, I actually haven't had like a tasty treat in a while. It's been, Ooh, It's like if Oreos was a drink, honestly, It's kind of an unexpected flavor, but it's almost like, kind of like the icing of an Oreo. What do You think Mark Editors put in the sound of me gluing. That's great guys. So good. Try the new Coca-Cola Oreo zero sugar limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company. Copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well, you know, Rocket Money, it will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah, We'd started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me there. This is con confusing. Look, Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's R-O-C-K-E-T-M-O-N-E y.com/dst. CT IBE Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible.


Well, should we move on to the game portion of today's game show? Sure. Unless there's more small talk. I don't want to cut you off at the hand elbow. How deep am I cutting you off? No small talk. I've only got big talk left. I'm saving that for the big talk show I do. Oh, okay. Well this is just a little game show. So then don't bring that in here anyway. It's October, I think. Pretty sure still. It's just October. And that's the month of scary things. And so I'm gonna kind of steal Mark's idea that was really successful, but kind of make it my own. I call this game Two Sentence. Horror Stories. I have, I have some sentences that are very mundane things that anyone might say or might be written down.


I'm gonna give you the sentence as like a prompt. And the idea that I'm feeling from Mark is I'm, you're gonna alternate who goes first and the person who goes first has, you can make it as scary as you want, but then the next, it's gonna be the other person's turn and they have the opportunity to make an even scarier two sentence horror story. Are we making a longer story or just giving alternate endings? No, No. You, you are adding a different second sentence every time. Got it. Okay. So the, the final product will be two sentences and the goal is to make the scariest two sentence horror story that we can. But so you'll have turns to go back and forth so we can kind of riff. You can use each other's ideas.


It's, there are points and it's technically a competition 'cause one of you wins. But I'm more interested in seeing how good we can get some Two Sentence, Horror Stories. That's the whole thing. And I hope these prompts are good. I read a hell of a time, I tried to think through like, oh, what would this be? Good? But I can't, I have no idea. so I just came up with some sentences and I, I'm sure you guys will be good at making them spooky. But yeah, it's a subjective And if, if we don't, if we, if there's disagreement, if it is or is not scarier, I'm not sure what we'll do, we'll have to resolve that. But we're pretty good. I mean, when we were doing more stupider, I feel like everyone played pretty fair. We were all, we're all objective. For sure. Who wants to go first?


We'll go first. Mark. Mark waved. I gotta sneeze. I'm trying not to. so I can't say words, You just said a whole bunch of words. Well, I couldn't before 'cause it was right there. It was like the, You know, anyway, mark goes first. All, right? Mark. The first sentence is, I heard the doorbell ring, but I wasn't expecting anyone. And so I, I come up with the, the second half of that. Yeah. You give me the second sentence and it's a horror story, so make it make it scary. Okay, so say it again. I heard the doorbell ring, but I wasn't expecting anyone. Whoa. I told you I tried real hard, but I have no idea if these are good prompts.


So good luck. Especially since I was in a tent. Oh. Oh man. That just raises so many scary questions. And then I remembered I don't have a door. I know, right? Yeah, it's terrifying. You're camping out in the woods, you hear dingdong, fuck, you're Done. That's, yeah, that's not good. Everybody knows that's problems. Alright, Wade, can you come up with something scarier than, especially since I was in a tent? I think this is subjectively scarier. I'm not going all out yet. I'm I'm, I'm doing the slow burn.


But here we go. Ju don't qualify. Just get me, I peered out the window and Saul standing there, the tax man. I mean, Marx was funny. so I think a lot of things would be objectively scarier than that. But I don't know. I thought, man, it was, I thought we were all laughing to compensate. How scared we were Laughing outta fear. Yeah. No way. Maybe I wasn't Going for funny or scared. I just, you know, a little bit Scarier. Okay, well, okay, mark, I think you can beat that. I believe in you. I heard the doorbell ring, but I wasn't expecting anyone. Oh God. I've almost got something. I've almost got something. Oh, it's gonna, you're gonna shit. You got shit. Go run to the bathroom. Everybody listen to this. You're about to poop your pants.


Especially since I was on the moon. Hope everyone made to the bathroom in time. Oh fuck. Shit. Like, I gotta play this Mark's Way. Okay. I see the rules, how we're going. I didn't know he was a master craftsman. I've been playing Oregon a long time. Almost Com comedy of the moment aside. That's, that is scarier. The, the tax man. I think technically And the tent. If You were, if you were on the moon and someone rang your doorbell, I would be pretty freaked.


Especially since I'm on the moon. All. right? Wade, what do you got, Dude? How, how do I follow these up? Every time. And the first one I was like, All. right. Just give something the moon. You just gotta think Mark just takes his time and thinks it through. And that's how he comes up with these. I I got Them. They just sound so mundane compared to his expert delivery of these terrifying locations. Listen, don't be intimidated by my something. You heard the doorbell ring ESP And what was the following? The, But I wasn't expecting anyone. And As it rang I looked outside and no one was there. And yet ring it did, It might be two sentences, but I, there maybe there's a semicolon in there. Yeah. Know semicolon, you know, and I Think that comes, that's going somewheres.


That's going somewheres. I I really feel like Mark's about to hit this out of the park. Especially since he's so good at this. so I, just so the crushing silence after my next one is just gonna make me feel so much worse. So Just don't, don't build it up to anything, man. No, no, dude. We can't wait the tent to the moon. What do you have for us next? It's good that we're not rushing through this either. I only had two sentences. So we got this one and then one other one. so I really milk it. Let's say the first sentence again, you gotta lead me into it. I heard the doorbell ring, but I wasn't expecting anyone. It was my third night on fire watch in the middle of the woods. But I still saw a figure standing outside of the window door.


Mm. Spooky. Especially 'cause I was in the woods. Especially 'cause I was in a fire wash tower. Especially 'cause I was underwater All. right? Man, you can't have 'em all. That was scarier. Wade. What do you got? Especially because our plane hadn't even landed yet. Real Here. You wake up for the ding ding, someone's At the door. Touch your pressure. Pull your sheep Passengers is your captain speaking. Can somebody answer the door? That's fucking terrifying. Yeah, man. You know what? That's my final answer. 'cause why not All? right? I think that one squeaks through. I'm gonna say that probably would be scarier.


I believe it. You Mark, I know you've just been hitting home run after home run and eventually you might get tired. But I was even more surprised when I looked behind me and they were already inside. Ooh, sorry we didn't laugh. I feel like we should laugh, but that's like, I, that's not, that's not what you're going for. Like The original intent was not comedy. Here, Reverse that. Ooh. And repeat it. And hopefully it sounds like laughter. Ooh, ooh, ooh, Ooh. All. right. Wait, I heard the doorbell ring, but I wasn't expecting anyone And staring at me from outside was my father who'd been dead for 20 years.


That's kind of cool though. Yeah. I feel like that's, that's not definitely scary. But like, it's scary if, you know, he was dead for sure. I guess You'd probably know if your dad was dead unless like, you Know, well, but you know, like maybe his boat sunk and they never found the body and so he's dead, but like, maybe not dead. I feel like following sentence, you describe how like he would dissolve and look not like himself. Oh, it's like a zombie dad situation. Oh, okay. That's not really two sentences, but I'll allow it. Mark. I'm ready. Say the first part again. I heard the doorbell ring, but I wasn't expecting anyone. Especially 'cause I Had no door.


Oh man. Can we kiss you for one? No, no. I love this. Especially since I had no hearing. I, I think dead dad. That and behind me were both pretty good. I liked the behind me and the dead. I really liked the tent. I feel like we peaked at the start. La last one gets it though. so I think, Well, I, I might have been giving points out during the entire round, so Yes, no, maybe, I don't know. It really depends how you think you did. Anyway. Wait, you go first in this one. All. right? My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home, Which is especially scary because I don't have a dog. I'm in Mark's brain, man. I'm on the, especially it has to start with especially, oh, That's, that's a hard hitting combo.


Especially since blank All, right. Mark, what do you got? Say it again. My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home. He stayed there for years, every day. Always hoping I would come back. Yeah. Get it. It's more sad than scary, but you Know, it kind of, it's like a set up Fry's dog situation. Terrifying. What you got, Wade? My dog always waits for me by the door when I get Home and I hear my wife talking to him. So she's been dead for a while now. Every day. Every day. I feel like I have some guesses as to what's going on there, but yeah. Okay. That's creepy. All, right? Say it again. My dog always waits for me by the door. When I come home. It's something. It's, it's coalescing.


Hold on. It's Coalescing. It's coalescing. Swirling. It's Swirling. It's, it's coalescing. Oh man. But then he wasn't there, But it wasn't there. He, he wasn't there, But he wasn't there. But he Wasn't there Every day. My dog waits for me, but He wasn't there. But he wasn't there. Terrifying. I got chills, man. God, I got one. I got Give it to him. You know what, give it to him. Alright, Wade hit, hit us with it. Okay.


Lead me in. Maybe it'll help if you lead me in. My dog always waits for me by the door. When I come home Each day a more and more deranged look in his eye looking at me as though perhaps I'm not friend or family, but maybe food. Okay. Crazy dog. Mark. Ramp it up. Gimme the setup. My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home. Half of them was still there when I arrived. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. See, see? Yeah. Thought I'd be funny, man. Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Alright, Wade. Ramp it up. Tighten the screw. Lead me In. My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home. But on this day, he wasn't alone.


And what was with him? I can't even begin to describe, Just say the first part of that. I think the fir just say the very first part of that. Don't remember how I started it. But today he wasn't alone. That was, that had been, I, I think that's all you needed to say. I'll allow Mark's edit of your answer. Wait, it's your turn again. But Today he wasn't alone. No, no. That's Mark's answer. Right. But to, so editor put, but today he wasn't alone. See, that was Mark's answer. Oh, he gets my answer. Because he did it. Well, He fixed it. He he made it scarier. You gave an answer. He gave a scarier answer. It just happened to be your answer, but fixed. So it's wade's tourniquet. My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home And I still see him there, despite the fact the house had burned down.


I don't know why I didn't say anything. I just nodded for listeners. I was nodding. I don't Know if it was a good nod or a bad nod, but he did Nod. No, I was sort of assessing it, but I'll take that. Mark's turn. My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home. Even he was fooled by the thing wearing my skin that day. That's a great beat. That starts, that's etching towards creeping me out a little bit. Okay. All right. Cool. Weigh in. Lead Me in coach. My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home. But I could tell the ritual was wearing off. The fur was disintegrating. The patches of burned flesh exposed. What do you think, mark? I think that's creepy. It's creepy. Yeah. And very close competition with your skid thing wearing your skin.


One My skid marks. Yeah. Skid mark. Your, Your skid mark. Yeah. Ugh. Where'd he get his skin? It's got skid marks all Over it. If Mark likes it, then continue. Look, I ain't no judge. I ain't no judge. Equality here. I think that's very clear. That's my job. Acceptable. Mark, are you ready? Oh, My dog always waits for me by the door when I come home. I was so surprised when I approached the door and heard the doorbell ring. Yeah. Yeah. Hope everyone was, was holding onto those toilets. Yeah. A plus for callback. Wade wind's the point for the ritual, I think. Damn.


Oh man. I had a good follow up. Well, You could say it now, but it's not worth anything. Especially since we were on the moon All. right Mark. Here. I'll give it. I'll go in a different direction. I'll, I'll skip. How about this one? I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. Hit me again. I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. And then what Wouldn't I like to know? Oh God. Don't you guys like, play a lot of scary games and Oh, Yeah.


You know, our instinct is not to perpetuate the scary, it's kind of to make fun of it. Sorry, I had, I wasn't ready for that question. Okay. I got, Hit me. I got it. I actually have it. I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. Oh Fuck. The, the seller wouldn't answer my question of why my reflection wasn't looking at me. Oh, something. Yeah. Alright, Wade. I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale, But each time I appeared in my reflection, looked older and older. But the mirror looked newer. It's kind of a messed up curse, but Yeah. That's like Dorian Gray, right? No, that's a painting. Yeah. The painting ages and he doesn't, it's like dif it's like inverse.


Dorian gray. Mark. I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. You All, right? Okay. And, and action. Well, You know, the thing about mirrors is they're, There's sometimes you get a, when you have, you know, There's two, there were two, there were two of me in there. There's two, there's two. There's always two with mirrors. Yep. Yep. No, that, that good. Excellent. All right off the top of that. That's gonna be a tough one.


Wade. I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale Looking in. I couldn't make out the man's face behind me, but I was home alone. Good. Spooky. And Then the doorbell rang On the moon. What happened next? Oh, I'll tell you, I'll tell you what happened next. Mark. What happens Next? All. right. So get, lay it on me. I had a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. It took me too long to realize my reflection wasn't flipped. Ooh. Maybe something. And then it killed me, and then I exploded. It was one of those digital displays with a horizontal flip. No antique, ah, Antique horizontal flip.


Beautiful antique digital mirror at a garage sale. It's 2036. Wade. I found a beautiful antic mirror at a garage sale. I set it on my desk and was horrified when I saw fingers emerging from its surface. I don't like that. That's very creepy. Let the genius flow. Don't make me get the hammer. I've got like 17 half ideas that go fluff in my mind at the same time. And I keep trying to chase one thread down. And. it just, I don't know. Hit me again. I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. Something about, okay. Coalesce this into a, a real sentence. Editors do your thing. I, I pounded my fist against the mirror as I watched my reflection carry on with my life.


Go. Took my wife away. And I stuck there in the mirror as it went on and left me in the mirror dimension where I was stuck forever and suffered greatly for all of my sins and banished to eternity in this realm of reflective nightmares. This Is like data doing a William Shatner impression. Don't worry. Just wait until the editors get a hold of that. I feel like the first sentence you said was it though I pounded my fist against the mirror as I watched my reflection carry on with my life. That basically says everything you were saying. That's what the Editors are there for, you know?


Mm. That's good. That's creepy. And then there's a lot of other stuff that went on there too. Wade. You found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. I Didn't buy it, but when I got home there it was. Had you for the first half. I didn't buy it. And. it would've fit perfectly over the buffet in the front room. All. right. That technically was scary. It was there. He got home. I see what you're going for. I feel like you delivered it as a joke, but I see. I see. Alright. Mark. 16 ideas left in there. Let's get one of those out. I found a beautiful antique mirror at a garage sale. The same one that fell on my father.


I shouldn't laugh at that. Why are You laughing? He was still inside And then there was a doorbell. What are we doing here? Yeah, yeah. No. Yeah. That same one that I had as a kid and fell on my both parents. Each corner hit both one of their heads. Instant death. Okay. It's impressive. It didn't break when it killed two adult humans. That must be a hell of a mirror. Hell of a mirror. Do you wanna take another shot, Wade? No, man. I don't know if I could to that. I think I kind of wish I had just stuck with the first sentence. I like where we're, we're really deking into some stuff here. No. I'll, I'll concede to my opponent on that one. Thank you. I, I feel like this was my round.


This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. There are a lot of fraternal twins out there now. McDonald's is dropping on us. A twin we never expected. Have you boys heard about the chicken Big Mac? The What? What does that mean? Two Chicken patty special sauce, lettuce, cheese and pickles on a sesame seed bun. The Special sauce that they only use for the Big Mac. They have it on a new sandwich. Yeah. The chicken Big Mac. It's not, not a Big Mac. Get it while you can at participating McDonald's for a limited time.


This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola creations. You love the taste of Coca-Cola and love the cookie crunch of Oreos. But what happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best becomes besties. Try the new Coca-Cola zero sugar Oreo limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company. Copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


Wade, this one will be extra scary for you. are you ready for this? Yeah. I finally fixed that leaky faucet in the kitchen And as I laid to sleep that night, I still heard the dripping. But more than before. Alright, mark, bless us. You gotta lead me into it. I finally Fixed the leaky faucet in the Kitchen. Hold on. I had something And. it was gone. Man, it's so spooky. Whoa. That's scary. I appreciate you toning it down so you don't scare us too much. Man. Thank you for, thank you for taking the time to simplify these so I. Have a chance. God, if Mark was trying right now, guys, I would be fucking pounded to the floor.


Man. I gotta fill the episode somehow. Can't just win. Oh man, Mark, I don't wanna, I don't wanna spoil this, but you could like use chat GPT if you wanted to. No. Oh, okay. No, You could phone a friend. I'll help you. No, no, no, no. I got this. I finally fixed that leaky faucet. Oh no, that doesn't make sense. I was gonna Say something like, especially since I Was on the space station or Something. It was just like, That would actually be scary if you had a leak in space.


But it's like, oh no, you fixed it. Wait. Especially Since I was on the moon, I fixed it. Especially since I was underwater. Oh Man. Good thing I used the scary tape Episode. I mean, if you'd start with, unfortunately I used the scary tape. Unfortunately, you're Ooh, every time you pull, I finally found a talent you might not have Mark, you should not be a horror author.


Luckily I had a box of organs nearby. I don't know, I think, I think Wade wins that one. Are you sure? I don't know, man. How scary is this tape? Before we could, Oh man, dude, you don't know. Would you call it horrifying tape? Well, maybe not that scary or like creepy tape. I think Wade takes it. I had ideas, but man, did I lose them during Mark's incredible round. Mark. You go first on this next one. I've so ready. God, I'm ready. This is a softball mark. There's almost no way I can't, I can't see you struggling with this one. ID I'm the, I'm giving this to you, buddy. I had the same dream again last night.


A scary dream. This's. Presumably now go action. I woke up screaming. Oh. 'cause of how scary It was. Yeah. Yeah. All, right? Wade. Top that if you can. I saw them again coming closer. Closer. But thankfully I still woke up before they got there. Nice. Nice. Do you need me to lead you in? Mark? You want me to hold your hand? No, leave me in. Yeah. Hold my hand. I had the same dream again last night And when I woke up, the doorbell was still ringing. Fucking Fucking boo. Yeah, yeah. No, I got it. Yeah. I'm gonna count that. I'm gonna count that. That would be creepy if the doorbell had something to do with the dream.


Especially with you. I see it. I see the vision. Wade, leave me in. Leave me in. I had the same dream again last night. What happened next? Just kidding. Okay. Had the same dream last night. But each day I wake up. It's harder and harder to tell if I'm asleep. Now, was I awake then? The line is blurring. That was like three sentences. But I got the idea. There's some colas in there. Maybe it's just me. I'm not good at grammar. Mark my king hit us with a winner. I had the same dream again last night. I had the same dream again last night. This time a month had gone by and they were getting longer. Ooh. Didn't expect that, Did you? No, I was ready to laugh. I thought I was. I thought we were gonna yuck it up. Lead Me in.


I, I want to be fair, I had the same dream again last night. Became so troublesome. I went online and found that others were having the same dream at the same time. I see where you're going for it, but I think Mark still creeps me out a little bit more. Out of nowhere, mark remembered what's scary in this world. I think it's getting older. Alright. I feel like we've given a lot of leeway to some not so scary answers, but it's fine. It's cool. Whatever. You know what he, he threw out a ball and the ball went in the right direction. And I guess that's fair. I found one scarier option. Oh no, no. I was saying like I did. I don't have one. Don't ask me again. No, please God be done. Okay. Wave goes first or, or who went first?


Mark went first. So this will be, we'll call this the last one. Wade goes first on this one. This one has is oh shouldn't or large body of water involvement. Very scary stuff. The waves were almost peaceful as they crashed against the shore. The waves were offset only by the dark shadows forming underneath. Alright, mark. The waves were almost peaceful as they crashed against the shore. I can't say those words. Why can't I say those words? Then I remembered I was looking at the ocean. Ah, fuck that. Pretty scary man. Pretty Scary. No, it's situationally. Yeah. I could see how that would be quite scary. Okay. Yes. I say I agree. I agree, Wade. And then I remembered I had Taco Bell and there was no restroom in sight.


Mm. That's a problem. Problem. Yeah. Terrifying. Yeah. No, that would be pretty horrific. All, right? Mark. He, he, he got you. Mark your turn. Oh yeah. Okay. All, right? All right. Here we go. Wait, hold on. It's like, at first in your head it's like, oh yeah, this is great. And then you say it in your head a couple times. It's like, well maybe, hold on. Give it to me again. The waves were almost peaceful as they crashed against the shore. Oh. How do you, I had the word, give it to me again. The waves were almost peaceful as they crashed against the shore. Turns out, fuck. Turns out even an ocean of blood can be beautiful sometimes.


Fuck. No. Terrifying. I should've Thought. Alright. I, I was like, yes, this could be a great connection, but I couldn't fucking fear out the words. No. I'll take that. I'll count that Wade lead me in. The waves were almost peaceful as they crashed against the shore. The, my surprise, they passed through the feet of some horrifying silhouettes, beckoning for me to join them. I would say, I think that that's a little bit, that's close, but a little bit creepier. Do you protest Mark? No, no. I don't protest. Yeah. All. right? I think that's good Mark. Okay. You know an interstellar where you in that planet? Yeah. Yeah. And they're like, Hey, look at the mountains. Yeah. And then it's a wave. Bring it Here. And then I turned around and those weren't mountains.


Fuck. The waves were almost peaceful as they crashed against the shore. And then I turned around. They weren't mountains. Yes. That's it. Yeah. That's what I said. Terrifying. I know. You can give it to me. Literary masterpiece. That's too scary. Mark. That's, these are Two, Sentence, Horror Stories. Okay. Not two sentence. Life ruining thought experiments. Okay. Calm down. Unfortunately, I think Wade wins that one. Oh man. My next one's gonna be especially terrifying since I was on the moon. Well throw it out there if you've got one. Especially since we were on the moon. Okay, Well I got, I got, I got another one. I got another one. Okay.


It made all the bodies slowly washing up. Seem at peace. I'm gonna give you a point because that was on my internal list of things I thought we would at least get to on this one. Okay. All. right. Got there. I gotta be honest, I thought that one had a lot going on with like footprints on the beach going into the ocean. Our hands reaching up or, or whispers and Oh, we were getting there man. We were getting there. We're slowly working our way through this stuff. Yeah. Speed round time. Yeah. Yeah. Speed round All, right. Speed round. We're gonna play speed round this. We're moving on to two word horror stories. True. I'm, I'm gonna say a word and then you're gonna turn. Give me a second word that turns it into a horror story. Oh no, Let's do it.


Mark. Football Human. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Wait. All, right. Wait. Football Plague. Yeah. Okay. Mark. Football Execution. I don't like the sound of that, so I'm gonna say that's pretty scary. Wade. Football Apocalypse. I'm gonna say that gets too far outta the horror genre. That gets into the post apocalyptic. I don't know why. Football. Cause the apocalypse type stuff. Isn't that more like action apocalyptic? Isn't that a stuff? You can go that route, but like walking dead's kinda like horror. Alright. All, right. Mark's got one. Anyway, mark. Football Butt plug.


Is that horror or is that just uncomfortable porn? It's like body horror. I don't know. I it makes things clench inside of me. Wade. Football Catheter. It's not a catheter. Mark wins. That's just ridiculous. I've lost the plot of this game. Apocalypse. Not scary enough. Butt plug. Ooh. Alright Wade, do you want one shot? It's the two word horror story. Gimme Another give, gimme another Word. Hit this one outta the ballpark at win some points. Wade Wins. Ha ha. Terrifying. Alright. Yeah. That's it. The, the word is Wade. Wade. Wade. It's terrifying. Mark Wade.


Wade. Scary. Alright. Direct but honest. I like it. Wade, your word is Wade. Wade. Harry. Ah, nice. Yeah. Good. Okay. Mark, your word is wade taller. That'd Be scary, right? For short people. It is. Bob. If It's like the Stephen King story, like it's instead of thinner, taller. Sure, sure, sure. Wade, your word is wade Naked. That's tough to beat. Mark. Your word is wade. But plug. I think that one's only scary to wade. I'm gonna say Wade gets the point. Okay. All right. Fine.


Is it me with a butt plug or me as a butt plug? 'cause it could be scary. I was imagining it was you as the butt plug. 'cause that was the application. I assume that was the football one that we did. That would Be scary for me. I don't wanna be someone's butt plug. Yeah, That'd be bad news probably. Or you'd be fine. It'd be bad. I, I'm not gonna think through it. Let's count the points and for no particular reason, I'm gonna read Mark's points first. Oh Mark. I just gotta say before he reads these points, I thought you were on today and your humor was topnotch. I have not laughed so hard in a while. Thank you. Home run after a home run. Thank you for that. It's a good thing. We were doing two sentence funny stories.


Two sentence belly laughs. My favorite game. Mark, you were in points. Four 60 terabytes of lies. Better change everything. Especially since I was in a tent. Especially since I was on the moon. But he wasn't there. And then what? There was two of me. Murder mirror. I forget that one. Whoa. That's scary. Good thing I used the scary tape. Lasted a month. Body's washing up. Butt plug for a total of 13 points. Wade, you earn points for tasty popcorn breeze.


If I die, I die. Depressing. Bengal story. Triple DI forget what that was. Something about your dad's dad's being dead. I don't remember what that was about. That's true. I mean, yeah, it's probably, that's something. But he wasn't alone. The ritual for your dog. But I didn't buy it. Still dripping beach beckons and naked Wade leaving you with a total of 10 points. And now I'm gonna read the negative points out. Oh. Oh no, mark, you lost five points for being way, way, way too funny. In an episode that was supposed to be more about the scary and Wade, you lost zero points.


Leaving the total wade with 10 and mark with eight points. I Can't exactly protest it. I don't think I said a scary thing this entire, I think the scary tape was probably the scariest thing You said. My favorite Edgar Allen po poem. A drip. I heard through the door a drip. I heard never more. A drip I heard is I ate a grape. Good thing I used the scary Tape. That's really, really Dr. Susie. But I'll, I'll allow it. Edgar Allen Seuss. Dr. Edgar Allen Seuss. Yeah. Mark, you earned a lot of points.


Unfortunately they were the wrong kind. Please bless us with your loser speech. Yeah. So everyone that's listening in or watching this is looking to the nearest person around you and, and worrying about iron lung. Don't worry. It's actually scary sometimes it's, I swear I know what I'm doing. Mark Showed us some clips and there is a scene where he turns and goes, give me the scary tape. It's where it's actually a reference. Yeah, yeah. That's true. Well, don't spoil it. Listen guys, that's That's, no, sorry. Blur that out. Bleep that. Sorry. Editors fix that. You gimme, You gimme a little time to sort through all this genius. You you'll it'll get, it'll get there. Yeah. I like when you break the fourth law and look at the camera and go Then what happened?


The Fourth law. The Fourth law Is that the fourth law of filmmaking? I say Fourth wall. You said law. Yeah. Fourth law. Fourth wall. Fourth law. He broke the fourth Newton's fourth Law. Man, that was actually scary. I broke the fourth law. This sounds, that sounds bad. That's a fourth most important law there is. Oh my god. Anyway. Yep. I lost, but did I? But I don't think you did. I think we all won because of you Mark. But also Wade actually wins. Wade give us a winner speech. A great episode. I, I've really felt like despite winning, mark will be most remembered for his absolutely insanely terrifying responses. They're certainly gonna stick with me for a while. so I, hope you all can watch something funny after this to help calm yourselves down so you can sleep without too many nightmares.


I hope we didn't scare you too much. That's good. Maybe we should put a warning at the top just so everyone knows like, oh, don't listen to this in the dark. Or, or if you're easily scared, make sure you have your listening buddy. Anyway, congratulations Wade for being the actual winner and congratulations everybody for hearing what you just heard. Thank you for listening. Make sure you follow the podcast on your preferred platform, but also make sure you watch out on Spotify 'cause there's a video component that's only available on Spotify. So if you wanna see the genius that you're hearing that's only available in one place, check us out on socials Mark Mark flyer. Wade is Lord Minion. 7 7 7 or Minion 7 7 7. I am Kerm merch. Distractible store.com. Watch. Edge of Sleep comes out on October 18th.


Keep your ear to the grindstone and keep your nose sniffing because it comes out somewhere on October 18th. Make sure you watch it. I'm surprised you didn't plug that Mark. I forgot the plan. That's the end of the show. I'm sorry we scared you so Badly that you shit your pants. You can go change now. Eh, podcast Out.