
This episode is brought to you by bloomberg.com. It's important to get the full story. You know, I once thought that pigs couldn't eat while they were hanging upside down. Eventually I found a study where they figured out that pigs can eat while they're hanging upside down. I was just wrong. It's important to get the full story. It's important to know what you're talking about. Bloomberg.com does an excellent job in helping you get all the details. They connect the dots in a unique way, giving people a deeper, richer level of understanding when it comes to current events. Context changes everything. Learn more@bloomberg.com.


What is your calling? Maybe it's something you love to do, A goal you wanna achieve, a skill you wanna learn, or a difference you wanna make. You know it's part of who you are and part of the life you want. But do you know how you'll get there? The military can help you pursue your calling with countless opportunities to help you build a future filled with purpose. You have a calling, we have an answer. Learn more at today's military.com.


This is an ad by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. And that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session and pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Making therapy more affordable and easier to fit into your life. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better. Help connects you with licensed professionals who can help with everything from anxiety to everyday stress at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support, therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/stooges.


Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode Boisterous Bob Trials the trio to a pine on opera, which weighed a happy birthday while he watches porn free stars kilometers, carbon and F bombs massive. Mark has a huge bump Vogues to stop a truck and knows his sing songs from Apple Coch rings to absconding noses. Yes, it's time for Wade Screws. Up At 47 minutes now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of America's Favorite podcast. Oh, we doing the bit? Oh, are you doing it? This? I didn't know this. Are we doing the bit guys? I didn't know I could do this on the MacBook. I was like, if you are not watching, you have no idea the kind of motion sickness you're missing out on right now. Whoa. My name is Bob. I'm gonna be the host for this episode. 'cause the way the show works is one of us wins and they host the next episode. That means I won the last one. The competitors for today are Mark and Wade. Hello. I'm in a slightly different environment, But shock though you may be. I have an episode all planned out. I did research and writing and I'm pretty excited about it.


This is a Mandy idea and then I took the idea and I made it slightly worse, but, so it's still really good. I have to put my own spin on it and ruin it a little bit. But we'll get to that later. Before we get to that, we always do small talk. How's it going? I just had my birthday. I'm older. Happy Birthday. Thank you. I ate my, one of my favorite meals and then we went and got some ice cream 'cause Molly wanted my mom and my sister to get the ride in her new car and she's like, what if we go get ice cream? Then we came back and we did like the cake And it was just so much sugar and I don't know, I can't do sugar like I used to or even eat as much as I used to. So I pounded a lot of food. So I only had like one meal yesterday, but man, oh man, it was a good one.


But then I could not eat the rest of the day. I was so full getting used to new technology. I got an Apple watch for my family. So I had my phone in my pocket, my Apple watch on and we were driving in the car and this is not a thing that's surprising to anyone who's had a car since probably 2012, but Molly's car was not a 2012. It was a little bit older than that. So someone called me this switched me happy birthday and my phone started vibrating. My watch started screaming and the car switched from music to calling and I was like, I don't know which one to answer. I was kinda like panicking, like so I didn't answer at all. Completely ignored. You just let it buzz until it was done and you were like, ah, I hate that. Yeah.


Did not know that her car would switch from like the primary phone to secondary if a call came through and then yeah, everything was vibrating. It was very bizarre. I feel like a grandpa talking about technology right now. You with an apple wrist, apple watch strapped on your wrist is a weird thing. Meek, I didn't put it on. I should have put it on. I didn't put it on. You are the epitome of not the kind of guy who wears an Apple watch. Thank you. No, honestly, that's not even an insult. It's just you're not a techie guy. What are you gonna use it for? Are you gonna use it to tell you how good you are at basketball or something or I don't know. What's it do? I have no idea. I wasn't expecting one. Didn't ask for one, just got one and I'm like, guess I'm an Apple watch guy now.


I like it. I just don't know how to use it. I've never looked into 'em. I had to stop. You Had to Stop. I couldn't do it. I had to stop. I had to stop. I had to, I couldn't do it. I have a very bony protrusion of my, whatever this is, you know? Okay. It look, it looks really small right now in the camera, but I'm telling you it's huge. It's massive. Oh no, I got it right there. Yeah, it's bony the point there. There It is. Look, look. There it is. That's where, that's where the protrusion is. Oh, I don't, I haven't smooth, I got a smooth wrist apparently. No. Yeah. So I have this, this ma, it's from, I broke my, my arm here on this bone. So they had a rod going in through this end here and I think it's made it a bit more prominent.


You can't really see, but there's a tiny scar right there where a rod was stuck all the way through. So it's like, I feel like something's not quite right up in here. So every time I wear theri, the wristwatch, it either has to be forward of this bump or behind this bump and if it's forward, it cuts off circulation to my hand. If it's behind, it doesn't read anything right for heart rate and stuff. So I think it's just not in the cards for me. You could switch to your other arm. I've tried that but because I'm, I'm right-handed. If I'm typing or using a mouse, I can't deal with sliding a watch band all over the desk whenever I'm, 'cause I do everything on the computer with a mouse. So with the left hand and the keyboard is fine 'cause I usually have a wrist rest. But for that it's, it's, I can't deal with the balance shift.


I've tried it though. It's just not for me. I want the, I want the apple choker, you know? When do they get the apple shot collar? There's definitely, 'cause you could put other bands on it. There's definitely Apple watch bands that, that you could wear as a choker. I suppose you could. Yeah, you're right. Even if you have to sort of daisy chain some together, you could make it happen. Do they have a garter belt size apple watch band that could wear up on my upper thigh? All right, so Mark's gonna get an apple choker and then everyone around you will know what time it is. Hey Mark, what time is it? I thought I whipped my neck really hard.


I think they're gonna eventually come out with ones where you have a sensor in like the AirPods because you can get a good heartbeat from your ears and temperature from your ears. So I imagine and if they conduct a current between your, your ears to get your heartbeat for your sinus rhythm, I bet that'll be really good. When you do, when you do an EC EKG or ECG or whatever on the watch, you have to touch the wa. If they just do it through your your head, you don't even need to do anything. You constant EC E-T-G-E-K-G, electrocardiogram, ECG, the Heartbeat comes from the brain anyway. It's all up here. Go to the source. That's probably fine. There's probably no, no long-term effects from that.


Like Cocking Silence. I mean sure you have to pick the size carefully though. Are you really have to be good at putting it on and off at the correct times in your life. Elastic Band, They'll send you a sample set so you know your size. I can't believe how expensive those the sizing rings are though. I bought a U set off eBay, I washed them be Like when you go to get fitted for a soup, but it's like, that'd be really awkward. It's like nothing but cold water and ice to get you at your smallest and they just make you watch all the porn to get max measurements. That doesn't feel necessary. I think you should go to a different suit shop if they do that at your suit shop.


That doesn't feel like the way that you get fitted for a suit. You see my dilemma Bob, where I was just adding, subtracting, adding subtracting points, subtract that. Oh yeah, this is good. There's a lot of writing involved when with where Wade is these days. I don't know man. I'm just here throwing out my ideas. Like Gatlin Gunn approached a comedy Mark. You go ahead. How's your, what's up with you man? Okay, so have you guys ever had to guide a truck backing in to something? Yeah, you're going like this and then when you have a certain amount of space, you hold your hands out of the amount of space they have left and you do this and then you eventually go like this, right?


Sure, sure. Does that mean they crossed the threshold? They went too far. Like This just speeds up As they're backing through the warehouse door. It's just like, oh, oh you're close. That must be, that must be what this guy thought because the prusa shipment arrived and I was, this guy was backing up so I was like, I was like this, you have this and then I go, alright this. And he kept going and I go and he goes until he hears a clunk push forward beep beep. And I'm desperately just like, I can't run to the front of the truck to try to tell him like what I'm doing. I'm just looking in the mirror like, hey, hey, stay off.


I think universally this is stop. They actually do that on purpose I think though, To bonk into it. Well 'cause then you know there's no gap, right? Because you gotta roll like a pallet jack or something across that when you get I delivery trucks have, I think they do that on purpose. I think he knew This one didn't need to because it's not a real loading dock and it's not a real like semi semi, right. Sure. So he, he's, he does this, runs into it three times, pulls forward and I think he's coming out to talk to me, probably yell at me if my instructions are bad or something. But no, he goes like, I forgot and then he lowers the actual lift gate. 'cause it's a box truck with a lift gate, right?


Ivan Drago, your delivery guy. Yeah, He, he drops it down. He was not talking to me at all. He had AirPods in and he was talking to someone else the entire time. So he drops the lift gate and then lifts it back up and then backs up again because he completely forgot that he needed to have that open and up so he could back in. So, because it's not like, it's not a real, like a, an actual loading dock would be like full-size truck. And this, this is just like, it's just a kneehigh gap. So he's just, and I'm just looking at like low buffet, but I got the printers so all 567 kilograms of the printers came in.


It was not me that needed to pay the storage fees for the shipment after it arrived. I don't know why FedEx just ate that cost, but they didn't, they haven't talked to me about it. So I am assuming I'm in the clear Seems like bad business on their part. Yeah, only moderately. But As we were talking about a delivery truck and delivery truck pulled up to our house, I was otherwise distracted. What Are you getting delivered Wade? 500 kilograms of 3D printers? No, this was the world's smallest looking box. It's maybe big enough to hold one of these. Maybe I got another coin I didn't know about or maybe Molly ordered something, I don't know. Very small box. And the FedEx guy backed all the way up, hit the garage and I was, You were in the basement going, Please, what time does your mail come?


And soon the mail carrier is gonna come up in the little white truck and be like, Not usually till late. Our mail gets delivered late. I feel like we're like the last stop on this dude's route. I don't know anything about it, but our mail gets delivered by a red normal looking jeep and it's the same, it's an official employee of the USPS 'cause they're wearing the uniform. But it's just a car. We don't get a mail truck for some reason. I don't know if that's a thing that happens anywhere else in the country or if our, our mail person crashed one too many mail trucks so they don't get none no more or what. But literally our mail carriers, our mail carrier just drives a Jeep Cherokee around and delivers everyone's mail in our neighborhood.


I don't, it's weird. I'm sure it works fine and it's definitely not something to do with random budget cuts happening. Oh, it's been like that since we moved here, so that's not new. But yeah, I mean I don't know if it's, they couldn't afford another one or I have no idea. I don't know. I've never seen that. Maybe we have different mail carriers. How much area do they cover? We live half an hour away from each other. I think we think we have the same male delivery person. Or is it, Ours has a white truck. Oh, well maybe the truck doesn't have enough gas to go all the way over here. So they have to switch into the, anyway, they Have the truck stashed to get to you. So they've gotta like pull over switch cars because your male's the illegal male.


Did you see that the switch, the switch to pre-orders got delayed because of the tariff? Yep. Did you see that the switch to pre-orders got largely turned off because of the Nintendo decisions? 80 bucks for a digital game. 90 bucks for a physical copy of a new video game for the switch to, and the console itself is fairly expensive. Which I don't know why that's surprising, but people were like, the switch was cheap, why isn't this Cheap? I did see though that the physical $90, there was actually not any tangible evidence of that directly saying that that was what it was gonna be. So Oh, Was that sort of an extrapolation? I think so, yeah. But it could be.


I just saw that it wasn't actually confirmed. Yeah, well I obviously I only saw this 'cause like on Reddit people are yelling about it, but I feel like game price had been pretty consistent for a while. They were due to go up at some point. That's what I say, but I get it. I get I I've made this argument before about inflation, whatnot. But Do people like it when you say that? No. Mark put words in my mouth. I would've never said that Guys, get him. I like that move. I would keep that one on just ready to go. Do people like it when you say that? Just in general. Just throw that out before I get any backlash. It was Mark. Mark made me do it. I don't know. Are you guys getting a switch too? We've always been Nten a Nintendo house man. He's a big Nintendo fan but I, I'm pretty, pretty lukewarm on it right now.


I don't know. I might Get it to play like the new Pokemon games then I'll be disappointed by those two. I don't know. I've been disappointed by everything. I've played Nintendo for like the last 10 years. What? The last thing I enjoyed I played that was Nintendo was Pokemon, black and white too. Does that include Breath of the Wild? It definitely includes tears of the kingdom, which was not a disappointment. I played Breath of the Wild for like three hours then I put it down and never picked it up again. Look, I don't like Zelda games either. But those are objectively good games. Like I'm not saying they're bad, I just personally You said you were disappointed. I me individually Yeah. Means you thought they were bad Individually. Yeah, objectively. I understand how good they are, but I myself didn't get into it.


Wade the persona thinks that it's bad. Yeah, but Wade the human that's trying to escape this shell Wade, the relatable, lovable host of Distractable loves Nintendo love. Breath of the Wild Wade, the gamer shit game, shit console sold. I have less hours on that than I have my new car that I don't have yet. So Yay. Oh, I'm glad you brought that up. Still no car, huh? It's in production. I got an email saying it's officially being made now. No car. It's Officially, they finally got around to it. I it was being produced this month. I just, I just bought it last week. I ordered it. It's a new month. What do you mean? This month? It's, It was a pre-order of this car. Where is this car from?


Germany. You're fucked. I know You were fucked And you really should have bought a car a long time ago before there were 800% tariffs on everything from not here. I know. You're So not getting a car man. You're so not getting a car. I feel like we called this. Exactly. I feel like we have known the whole time this was never gonna work out. Oh no, it's coming. It's coming. Do you know that's actually where it's being built though? Or is it like assembled in America somewhere or something? I, No, according, according to the dealer and according to the website, it looks like it's being produced over there. 'cause they've got Wow, fancy, they've Got like 13 steps to when when I'll get it. I'm on step three.


But a couple of 'em are like shipping. And That would've been so fun too. 'cause when you get I got to do this 'cause our, even though ours was used, it was at, it was at a big dealer and they have a special room where they give you your car and they put a big bow on it and they're all, here's your BMW. It's very fun. You would've loved that. Yeah. It'll be here. Mm. It'll be in Germany. It will definitely be In Germany. It all exist in Germany. Guaranteed. I guess Guten talk moving forward. I'm moving to Germany. That's probably worth it. But then we've got, how do I get Molly's car there? Ah, you can probably find another one of those. How hard is it Mark? I Need you to buy big boat.


Why do I gotta buy? Why am I being the big boat? Because I don't wanna do it. I'm cheap. Well he doesn't have big boat money. You Just bought 900 pounds of, or no, you got it for free. Mark, I need you to get big boat for free. Alright, Listen up big boat companies. Get off. Who? I'm markable liar. Send me a boat right now or I'll destroy your reputation forever. We need the Titanic without the stacks. I need space for car Without the stags Stacks. The big smoke stacks. Oh, I think a car, wasn't there a car that they had sex in with the stacks on the Titanic? Yeah, but That was, that was below It is a converter plane. I need this on top deck.


Gotta see the stars. I'm gonna enjoy the boat ride over in my car. We'll replace some of the lifeboats with more cars so it's got more car Space. Yeah, that sounds good. Those are, those are good slots for car storage. That's true. Then your car can get all the sudden it needs to grow and be a healthy car.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus they're alive and thrive guaranteed sures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible Offer Is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made.


Why Vitamin Water was born in New York? Because New Yorkers wanted more, like more flavor to go with all the flavor. A refreshing drink after climbing six flights of stairs to a walkup apartment or standing in the subway station in a hundred degree heat focus when I have an eight hour shift and triple X after I was out all night at a club. Call Triple X drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


It's okay. I know you guys are gonna be excited about the topic that I have ready for today. It's a thing we've talked about before. It's a thing we all know a lot about. We're Getting older. No, we're gonna talk about operas. Oh boy. Oh, Everybody loves the opera. Ooh Yeah. Brian Regan joke. Indeed. You're not the Brian Regan one, do you know that bit? No. Apparently every joke I make, Brian Regan did it first. He is the Simpsons of my existence. That's The exact song where he is. He's like, someone sings it and then he is like, oh, he kinda likes her.


That is, yeah, you're Right. But she's not really that into him. I swear to you. I have no knowledge. But Yeah, we're gonna talk about operas guys. I know how much you love operas. So we're gonna play a game. We have a couple games lined up, but this first one we're gonna play a game where I'm gonna set up the plot of some of the most iconic, well-known operas in existence. And then you're gonna have an opportunity to fill in the next plot point to earn points. So I'll, I'll tell you, I'll like set up a scene and be like, and then whatever the, the character does this, the character and then, and then you just tell me what happens next.


Operatic plots are notoriously simple, right? Because it's all about the drama. The story is, is is whatever. But a lot of them are very straightforward stories. It's about the singing and the drama and the, so I'm sure you guys know these stories. I didn't know they had plots other than the Phantom of the Opera. He kinda likes her, summarizes about 90% of all operas that exist anyway, mark is heads weight, his tails. We're gonna take turns. So when he gets to go first. And if you happen to not know, maybe your opponent will have a chance to submit a steal. I'm sure that we're just gonna breeze right through this. I have a lot prepared 'cause I think we're just gonna go, go, go. And everyone's gonna know Anyway.


That is tails. Oh good wait. Gets to go first. We are gonna start with everyone's favorite. Carmen, you know Carmen? I know the Hey Arnold version of it. What's that one? I can't remember that. I can never remember the name of the song but that's a very famous song. That's from Carmen. Everyone knows that. So I'm just gonna set up Wade and then you tell me what happens next. Okay. Yeah. Carmen, a free spirited and flirtatious woman. Seduces. Don Jose, a soldier. And then it's me. Yeah. What happens next? Don Jose the Godfather talks to his underboss and is like, Hey, I kind of like this Carmen lady.


And so they go on a date, but the rival families get involved because they also want Carmen and their family. What if I told you that was exactly correct? I believe you. Yeah, It Wasn't. Okay, Mark, what about you? You must know Carmen. You must know the famous first act of Carmen. Yeah, of course. So Carmen Seduces, Don Jose. I was gonna say Don Julio. And I was like, Oh sorry. I'll give you that one. I'll give you that one. It's Don Jose. He's a soldier. I gave you that too. Don Jose, who is obviously already married 'cause that's drama.


And he's also at war, which is very dramatic. Especially back in those days. They have mad, incredible, unbelievable raucous sex. Immediately, Immediately, Immediately. That actually is probably true, but that's not in the opera unfortunately. Oh, You'll laugh. You'll laugh. You'll remember obviously Don Jose was a soldier captivated by Carmen, who is a fiery factory worker. And after a fight breaks out in the factory where Carmen works, Carmen gets arrested.


Don Jose, a infatuated young man helps her escape from jail leading to him being arrested and going away to prison for several months. Then Are we doing this again? The Next part? Yeah, that's act one. Also, if anyone out there is actually like an opera fan and, and knows these things, these are probably horrific summaries. It's a comedy show. Okay. So just leave, leave your angry remarks in the subreddit and I won't go look at them. The desperation in your voice. Can I call it the subreddit real quick? I meant to do this before. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sorry to pause it. But there was something, you know we did animal noises too, right?


There was a post on the subreddit of someone being like, they should do animal noises again. Here's a video of animal noises that they haven't done. And I, I swear to God, people are so blind to what they want and the actions they're doing to prevent what they want. Because if one of you two was on the subreddit and just decided to watch this video, you would've heard all these animal noises that you haven't heard. And I wouldn't have Been able to do it. I do go on the subreddit and occasionally I do watch the videos and things they post. So that's Lucky. Some of the animals in that video were the ones that I had queued up that li well Lian pulled them up, but they were the ones If, if I hadn't just done that episode, if I hadn't just done it, they would've fucking ruined it.


They would've ruined it. And it's what they wanted. How can people not think that far ahead into their actions? You assume that they think at all. Yeah, you're right. You're right. Anyway, act one. Don Jose loves Carmen helps Carmen escape. Don Jose in jail. Act two opens. It's a couple months later. Are we allowed to Know how many acts these plays Have? Traditionally? They have three to five. This one has four. Give that. Thank you. I didn't know if act two is the last act or Okay, got it. Act 2 0 4. This is just the next thing that happens. I'm just picking out plot points. This is, I'm just gonna get me in so much trouble with Mandy's parents 'cause they're singers and they, they know operas and these are just gonna be, I'm a little worried about it, but it's gonna be funny.


Hopefully, so it'll be worth it. Two months later, Carmen and her friends are at a tavern where Don Jose has been released from prison and they're all celebrating and then renowned Bullfighter Escamillo arrives to the tavern and Mark. Well it's pronounced dys sceo. And he is a renowned bu fitter Translations. You. It's not an Yeah, I understand your ignorance. Boy, insulting those probably not a great way to start this turn, huh? Anyway, advice Wade. Don't do that. What? It's always worked out for me. I've forgotten everything you said about the actual pro At a tavern.


Two months later, Don Jose released, they're celebrating and renowned Bullfighter Esca. Escamillo. What'd you say? Escamillo arrives at the tavern. Cheo. Yeah. Obviously Cheo Carmen had a previous thing and this Don Jose comes in or it a thing in the interim or a thing in between or before probably all of the above. You know what I'm saying? So then he's like, I'm gonna use my bull fighting technique. And he, he holds up a red cape to Don Jose and he just like starts going in a rage and he's like, what you, You On?


And he charges at him hands out, stretched like this, oh, I'm gonna get You. And then obviously, you know, goes outta the way it goes right out the window, right off the cliff where the tavern is next to plummets 1,086 feet into the beach. Not the ocean slams dead. The scene where he's actually falling 1,386 feet. But he's singing his final song while he falls to the air. Crazy scene. What, what a, what a moment. Just for fun, Wade, do you wanna throw something out there in case mark's wrong? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So Carmen Don Puccio Doc.


Say Ask Gobar, what was the Other Don Jose in a sceo? Yeah. Ski. I don't think that was No, no, it's a scamo. Mark was probably right about that part. Not as marelda. What was it? Carmen and Don. We just, This is the last sentence you said out loud Are celebrating in the tavern a cold breeze hits them as the door opens and Akio walks in. That's all the part I gave you. Yep. Yes. It says, Carmen, I know I broke your heart, but I was a fool and I've always loved you. Come back to me. And he was the one that got away and now she's divided between Don Lucci and Escobar and the, the scene ends with her running out and being kidnapped while these two men are getting ready to get into a bar fight brawl over her love.


I love the dramatic flare of just an unrelated kidnapping happening. It's act two of four. So this is like the big climax. That's probably how that usually happens. I'm gonna ignore the fact that you couldn't remember the names despite repeatedly being reminded and I'll, I'll, I'll give you that. That's okay. No idea who they, what they are. If you offered me a million dollars right now, I could not tell you what Don's last name is. I'm gonna leave you on your own for the rest of this then I'm gonna tell you, you both are in points in that one. But neither of those was quite at all. Correct. What actually happens is they're in the tavern celebrating Don Jose has been released.


Fuck. And and when Es Gameo comes in, Carmen is immediately drawn to him. Carmen can't take her eyes off of him. He is enthralling. He is, he is to Carmen as Carmen is to Don Jose. And this fills Don Jose with an unbelievable jealousy and rage. He's consumed by it. And he's now a deserter of the army because he got arrested and, and then followed Carmen once he was released, he's deserted his army post. So he's a criminal. Oh, I was so right. I was so on there. You're so close. Her being infatuated with Bull Man and the bar fight about to happen.


You Both had her and Esca being a thing they just hadn't been yet. He was just so magnetic. Anyway, that was it. You know Wade is how stories start to digress and Bull Man becomes the Mino tar walked into this bar. Oh man, My children's children. It'll be like the Bullfrog. Loved Cara Bull Front tried to buy a car, but it was in Germany being made. Oh man, my car. Man, it's awful. That's when Donald Duck got involved.


Now I just wanna hear Donald Duck singing in an Opera. I'm not trying that. Obviously now that Don Jose is a deserter and Carmen, I don't know, is a woman associates a criminal, I guess in this universe. They they they both, they can't have real jobs. They have to leave society. They join a band of smugglers. They're out in the mountains, they're out on their own. They're in a band of smugglers and their relationship is strained. And Carmen finally has had enough and tells Don Jose that it's over. She's done with him. She is out there. She wants a sceo. That was his old guess. Thanks Wade. All right. Sorry I was just continuing.


It's over. It's done. She wants to be with Sceo. She runs off to find Scamo. Meanwhile, Dawn Jose, Ah, Goes after her. But before he gets to her, he is caught by his old military buddies and he's arrested and dragged off to military tribunal, which is like the game show where you're on the island and they put out your torch. Yeah, it's like Survivor. Exactly. Yeah, survivor. They're about to put out his torch and Carmen's with the scamo and he starts to show his true colors and she's like, I never really loved him. He just had a pretty face. And she runs back to find Don Jose.


But it's too late. I like that. Very operatic, definitely earns some points wildly incorrect in a lot of ways. But I love the direction that you went with that. That was very interesting. Mark, what do you have? What happens after Carmen tells Don Jose that they're done, she's leaving. It's a real bummer. And I don't know this opera, but I have a funny feeling. I'm gonna be very correct on this one. Don Jose flying in a fit of rage lunges at Carmen, hands out, stretched like this and kills her. What's Act four gonna be?


Carmen's dead. She lost her head. Jose's angry. Now he's in the bed. I'm just Trying to think of what's the most dramatic thing possible in these situations. No, you're right, you're right, you're right. Carmen survives this scene. But you're right and you're on exactly the right track. But obviously what happens is Carmen just leaves and Don Jose is real sad. And then a new character, Mickayla Mickayla, I don't know how to pronounce that. Sorry. Everybody. Mickayla arrives sent by Don Jose's mother to tell him in the middle of all of this turmoil that his mother is dying. Oh no.


And so Don Jose decides he needs to return to her bedside, which he does. And then he's there and his mother dies. And it's very sad. Did he lunge at his mother? Hands out, stretched like this. Your timing was terrible. Mom. I'm in love. Probably. I'm just gonna assume that was in there and give you a rage point. And then we're to the final conclusion of the entire opera, which has thus far been accurately summarized by at least one of us. Don Jose's mother is now dead. There is a big bull fight happening in place and Pablo Escobar is in fact fighting bulls at this bull fight.


And Carmen is there because she's with him now. Because you were right. She ran away. She went to be with Escobar. Thank you. I think Wade said that. But you could all have credit. You got all the victims right? I got the love. Right. Anyway, they're at the bull fight. Don Jose goes to this bull fight 'cause he figures they'll be there. And he was right. And Don Jose confronts Carmen and is like, you're gonna get back together with me or else. And then, And then using his bull fighting magic is cameo. Sees what's going on in the stands. 'cause he's obviously fighting right now. And he using a mixture of that big red cape and kung fu diverts the bull to aim directly towards Don Jose sending that bull flying 38 feet in the air in a parabolic arc to slam right into Don Jose and kill him instantly.


The bull has its hands stressed Like Someone's gotta die. And there's someone, I love that. I love that. And Thankfully Toma was a big fan of this opera, which is why I got the K Meha all the Rage. Listen, let's not be ridiculous. I'm okay with the bull sprouting hands with full fingers. But you put a command man in there. It's, that's just, that's silly. This is an AI generated bull, so it has hands just Bad ones. Yeah. All right, Wade, what happens next? Tell me, I'm trying to remember Where it actually stopped and where Mark's stuff began. There at, there's a bull fight. Don Jose goes the bull fight, confronts Carmen.


Carmen and Escamillo are together. And Don Jose goes there and confronts Carmen and says, you are getting back with me. So Carmen being with a bull fighter is down like on the main level, great seats to watch the fight and Don Jose. Okay. Can't get there easily because he's got the bad seats. So he has to hop into the arena with the bulls to run and profess his love. And is Sceo seeing this is not confident in himself or his relationship. He's a bit of a jealous type. So he does in fact go out there and try to show that he's more man than Don Jose and does the whole bullfighting thing.


Carmen freaks out and runs out there panicked. And at the last second, the bull is charging Carmen and Is cameo decides he'd rather sacrifice himself than lose Carmen, even if it means that he knows those he'll be together. So he jumps in front of Carmen and takes the horns to the chest, holding out his hand and saying he loves her one last time and wishes her and Don Hosea a happy future. And then he dies. And Carmen hops into Don Jose's arms immediately forgetting a skim meo. And they've run off into the sunset with some bulls chasing them. I love how fickle your version is. I appreciate that. Very operatic, very traumatic. I just wanna say in, in your attempts to complete this part of the story, both of you had the right vibe, but were wildly wrong.


Okay? But one of you has already completed the story correctly and you nailed it. You brought it home. You were just a little early because obviously when Don Jose confronts Carmen and tells her, you're, you're getting back with me, she scoffs his his advance and tells him, no, we are over. And I am with Esca now. And in a jealous unbridled range. Oh no. Ah Shit. Don Jose with his hands outstretched, but one of them clenching a knife lunges at Garin and stabs her to death.


Oh, And that, yeah. You guys thought the guys would have like, honor or be noble about it or No? These are petty, petty, fickle, dramatic characters. I had a feeling, I had a feeling The south of France, she had no chance. Now there's blood trickling down her pants Because she's dead stabbed in the head. Was that the song? Is that what the translation? Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'm not gonna lot guys. Seems like a bummer. No, well it's okay. A lot of operas are actually super happy and they're definitely not all huge drags and bummers. But I do have some more of these that I wanted to get through, but I had another game that I was honestly more excited about.


Let's, we're gonna move on to the next game. This one is called, that's a real opera, right? I have summaries of operas here. And some of them are summaries of real operas and they really exist and were written down by human people and some of them are not real. Some of them are complete fabrications. I feel like I wanted to warm you guys up running through at least one story. So now you know the level of drama, the level of action that operas have, horny and angry pretty much. So now I'm just gonna read you a quick summary and then you both have to pick real or not real, and you can agree that's fine and we can discuss.


But then I'll reveal to you if it is in fact real or not real. Starting with a true classic. This opera is called The Nose. A bureaucrat wakes up to discover his nose is missing, the nose develops a life of its own, gets a better government job, and refuses to return to the man's face. Is that a real opera or is that some bullshit I made up? And yes, it's a fully it it, if it's a real opera, it's a fully staged opera, multiple acts, big dramatic singing, an actor portrayed with no nose for most of the entire thing.


On stage there is a picture of giant human person sized noses dancing in one production that was put on that was actually had pictures and, and some video taken of it. This is a whole, the real thing. I'm don't buy, don't look into the fact I'm trying to convince you so aggressively. It's a real thing. Totally a thing. Not just made up. Is it real or am I lying to you? Well, I mean, all the extra convincing, I'm, I'm leaning towards real reel, but now I'm like, man, that would be a clever ploy. Yeah, I'm, I'm a I'm a good liar. Let's remember that Somehow convince the entire audience that you're the nice one. That's Not a lie. I'm just, I just am the nice one. You would just tell that This is obviously made up.


I'm going reel. No One wants to make a giant nose costume. That's terrible. The audio coming outta that. Not good. Not Good. And of course that is a real opera written by Shastakovich Thought he'd have a nosier name. Like if your whole life has been about, I'm gonna, my dream, my dream is to make this nose opera. It's like that's gotta have a deep seated root in childhood. A funny fact about that. That's the first opera that guy ever wrote. But not the last. Not The last, no, obviously not. The Nasal saga continues Where my, His next opera was actually called The Balls.


And then he just kind of jumped around. He had a lot of opinions about anatomy Where all my Balls dancing on stage. He also only has one song for all his operas. All operas are actually the exact same piece of music. I got my nose back. No, he, he didn't get his nose back. Is it like the book where the bear lost its hat? And then finally, you know, he is like, where's my hat? And then there's that really scary part in the middle of the opera where he is like, I've seen my nose. And then he goes, kills a fish. Do You remember that? That book's terrifying. Oh there, yeah, there it is. Wait, is this it?


It's just a bear on the left that looks like he just got out of a POW camp. And then on the other, the opposing page is just a black white page. It just says, I have seen my head. It is, yeah, it is terrifying. That bear has been through so much shit. Oh my god. I Think that's real. That did actually happen. You're right, you're right. That's no, you earned a point. Shit. God damn It. This one is called Dein, which is the soldier in German. A young woman's descent into social ruin is portrayed through fragmented time military violence and an extremely dense and unpleasant modernist score.


Unpleasant is my own annotation. It includes a scene with 16 simultaneous onstage events that all during and over top of each other. This is just a really shitty, modern adaptation of Carmen. This is fake. It's a wait what? Your thing is that this is a real thing that happened And it exists. So it's fake. Yeah. Got it. Okay. I think it's a really shitty, modern adaptation of Mulan and it's fake. God, I hope it's based on Mulan. And of course this is another real one because everybody knows what makes good opera Soldiers.


It's hard to even imagine that. Literally the scene with 16 things happening on stage, it's like 30 plus actors all on stage, all just having their own separate. It's so unpleasant. I'm Trying to figure how like 16 things happen. Like someone's itching their nose, someone's pushing a cart or like 16 major. No, it's like they're having like interactions. It's not all like major interact, but they're all having, they're talking or they're doing something. It's like busy. It's a lot. That sounds Horrible. Modernist is exactly correct. I don't care very much for modernist stuff. We're All talking at same time.


That's not modern. That's old. Can't you tell? Doesn't that sound old to you, Brad? We're breathing. You start with breath, right? Bre makes it modern. Re oh, oh, oh breath. This song is on Flee. I could feel my subscribers oozing out of my channel right now. Parts of me just cringed. I didn't even know could Bro. Will we dropping At this point? He's actively harming this podcast. He's actively harming it.


So what do we do? Kill me. The Audi audience lunge at him. Runs out. Rich, Send your bowls. Send your best bowls my way. Alright. All right. Real or fake? I'm Gonna get one of these right? This opera is called Glass Chapel. In a remote mountain monastery made entirely of glass. A mute monk discovers a hidden score, said to summon angels. He learns to sing through silent devotion. And the more he sings of the song, the more the chapel begins to fracture and destroy itself.


And the climax is that knowing it will destroy the chapel and sacrificing his life. He finishes performance of this angelic music to summon the angels and destroys the glass chapel and kills himself. Fake an opera with only one character. I don't think so. I don't think so. I probably, I I have no Idea. I mean there are other characters, But no, there are no other characters I'm likely losing. So I'm gonna say real 'cause I just need the points. I love this for you. That one's fake. Another the clock maker of Dresden, a classic Albrecht, a reclusive clock maker whose inventions are said to steal time from those who hear their chimes has a fiance.


She dies mysteriously and he descends into madness and he builds his ultimate invention, which is just a giant clock that he's trying to have reverse time so he can get his fiance back. But on the final 13th, forbidden time. It freezes time forever. Oh, also the clock is an automaton shaped like his fiance. And as time freezes, he's hugging it. You know, if this is not real, I want it to be real because that sounds awesome, man. I don't know. Wade, do you go? I'll say real again. It says real. All right, I'm covering the spread Fake, but I wish it was real.


And of course the classic opera, the clock maker of Dresden is just some bullshit I made up. It sounds really good though, right? Wait, did you not get one? You didn't get one, did you? Thanks man, for pointing that out. I appreciate that. Do you want one more, Wayne? Do you want one more? Oh no, but it could be a perfect failure. The odds of missing this many coin flips in a row has caught to be All right. I won't, I won't offer any hints. I will keep this simple. Also, this title is in French, I think so. I can't pronounce it. Fake. Locking it in. I love the confidence. Real locked in This offer is entitled and font.


Clearly you made that up. You speak. Yeah. Google translates certainly doesn't exist. Obviously it's real. Come on. This is as fake as it gets. Do you wanna hear the story? 'cause the story will make you believe a misbehave. This is my favorite story of the whole list. Actually, I like the clock mirror one, but this one's pretty good. A misbehaving child is scolded by his furniture wallpaper and a rather saucy teapot after throwing a tantrum. After descending a little bit into madness, even though he's a child, the child learns kindness and humility and then everything forgives him.


And it's all chill. I want my toys back. Are we sticking with our locked in answers? Yeah, we're locked In. I'm doubling down. I locked it. Wade, you couldn't have done a better job because you are Oh four five. That is a real opera. Oh, four five is unfair. Oh, I don't have my coin with Me. You better find a coin mark. Got any lens caps? All right, I got a phone I guess, but I don't want to flip it. Don't drop it. All right, hold on. What side of the phone is heads?


I'm assuming the face is the heads. Mine is the lady in the dress' heads and the creature on the backside is tails. So wait, what are the stakes of this? Unfair. No idea. No, we don't. That's not what we're doing right now. We don't have to commit to anything until we know what the outcome is. Wade called unfair on him being Oh, for five in that game. We'll see what the coins say. Oh fuck. I got tails. Tails. I've totally flubbed it. I have to flip again. Oh, Mark, don't get tails. Don't get tails. Oh, oh God. It's on the floor right now.


Dramatic reveal. It's tales, it's Title. Oh no. Does that make me over for 10? Wade loses his unfair challenge when what you challenged was that you went, oh for five in that game. That was unfair. So to be made, the coins have deemed that it is in fact fair. And for that to be made doubly fair I guess means that you went oh for 10 and Mark went 10 for 10 in the previous game. Now, according to metaphysics, I look, I only got one wrong, so I'll take eight instead of Oh, that's true.


Okay. Okay. So Mark went four, four for five. So Mark went eight for 10. I hope I was really funny today. I don't think all the wheel spins of the world are gonna bring you back From that one. Can we roll a D 30? The coins have spoken and that is now even more fair than it already was. Yeah, I will say, Wade, I respect it. 'cause I, I think you were, you were in a tough spot there. Even even with bonus, bonus points and stuff. I had to try. That was our first three tails, wasn't it? Have we ever had three heads actually succeed? I don't think yet. No. Great. I'm glad The first one was a failure for me On such a streak.


On such a streak. I love that for you. You just really, I knew you'd be good at the opera stuff, Wade. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it most. That's Uber. They can give you a ride somewhere. They can bring food to your door. They can do all those things. I'm just thinking about the times that Uber's helped me get to and from airports going around to like conventions. 'cause sometimes it's cheaper straight at the hotels a Little bit when you didn't come to my birthday party. But you Ubered somewhere else for some reason. Yeah, I have your Uber account. Where'd you go Wade? I had plans that day That weren't the thing I invited you to for my birthday celebration that I told you was very important to me. Yes. 'cause one was closer and convenient than your birthday. Your weekly haircuts that you keep on the the schedule, despite the fact that I think we all know you don't need weekly haircuts anymore. I might not have been there for you, but Uber was there for me. Listen, whatever it is, big, small Bob's birthday, Uber is on the way. So you can be on your way to what matters most to you. Not my birthday. Uber on our way.


This episode is brought to you by the Disney plus Hulu Max bundle with plans starting at just 1699 a month. Stream the latest seasons of the last of us on Max and or on Disney plus and the final season of the Handmaid's Tale on Hulu. All of these and more streaming soon terms apply. Visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for more details.


Anyway, there we go. That and clearly we have demonstrated that we know many things about operas in no particular order. Here's what you earned points for, Wade. You earned points for phone, panic, different tailor, probably still no car. Mark buy big boat, unrelated kidnapping. Goes to be with Esca singing a lot. You know what? I'm gonna give you another point for all the singing that you did. Thank you. Don't push it. Red bear bro. We're singing bro. Where are we dropping? You earned a lot of points in that segment. Oh hell yeah. Despite, despite how poorly you performed.


Oh, for 10. Unbelievable. Mark, you earned points. Four. Apple watch, choker, Drago delivery. Don Julio is cameo, killed Carmen. A little too soon, but still. Point rage. Point. Getting the nose diesel, Daton, glass chapel clock maker of Dresden and the infant. All correct. Wait, did you miss one of those? I gave you all five of those. I did. I did miss. He and I both said fake on one. The second one. Yeah, the second one. I, Whatever that was that that I'm taking. I'm gonna scratch that away. I'm gonna scratch it away. So there we go. So that was, that was poor, poor points keeping my E, but I put a correction in there.


So you lost that point. And now, oh, you guys excited for this? I did some off off camera work. I've upgraded our wheels. New wheel. New wheel. Did you add anything to It? I didn't add anything to it, no, but I've upgraded the wheels to a new system. Oh, oh, This is the D three. Yeah. So this is the D three. This is the bonus point wheel. Ooh. And then this is the winner's wheel. They've all been upgraded. Hey, good work Bob. And they're all saved on my computer. So if the website happens just to break or something, they don't just go away for eternity. That's Smart. I am going to add, I had something else written down, but this feels only fair.


I'm going to add most singing. So you're saying there's a Chance? Yeah. Well I'm just trying to, you know, I'm just trying to help you out, trying to help you out. But first we have to do the old how many bonus points Wheel? Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Yeah. Three bonus points. Oh, this also shows the history, which is really interesting. Ah, That is handy. So we're gonna do three bonus points and we do three spins of this bad boy. Most callbacks. I did a lot of the hands outstretched, Did a lot of singing, a lot of the same song. Callback. Wade. Wade did sing before the hands outstretch bit.


That's, and continued to do that the entire time That that is true, I guess. Yeah, you're right. But we did have a lot more callbacks than usual today. Wade gets most callbacks. I like that. Yes, I like that. All right, mark, disable this option for the next spin and spin. Number two, drooled the most. I don't think I drooled at all. Maybe we call that a rein. I don't think there was a lot of call to drool in this episode. Yeah, I guess there wasn't any, so I Don't think so. And It usually is obvious when one of us does. 'cause usually it's weighed going B. Yeah. All right, rein spin number two. Again, most locked in. Probably not me. Since I forgot every name, every time.


That is true. That Is true. Literally we had several interactions where I was like, his name is Don Jose. And you would be like, alright, so Don, I gotta give that one to, not me. All Right. You could say it. You could say my name. He doesn't remember your name. And spin number three, Bald. I hope bald comes up six times for you. Whi. Oh, shortest. Yeah. I, unless something crazy happened, I'm pretty sure that one goes to mark That. No, I just let out. Was the most I've ever related to the T-Rex and Jurassic Park at the end when it screams, No, we got this bad boy.


Oh, do we need that? Are we tied? No. Lemme, I'll keep it up on screen and we'll just see if we're tied. Mark did earn four bonus points, but So Wade, I read all your points. You earned eight points, Wade. That's gotta be enough. Great job, great job, great job. Mark. You started with minus one, ah, minus one, but then you are earned. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. So I think 17 minus one is 16 points. Double Or nothing right now for my score. Double or nothing. If you hadn't already used the unfairness, the score wouldn't be so funny as it is, but you could, could try.


I don't know. Anyway, mark, you earned literally twice as many points as Wade did. Thank you. And you won today's episode with a score of 16 to eight. It's not quite as crushing a victory in terms of proportion as you had of Wade in the last episode, but that's only 'cause he had two and you had five. I think so. Actually it's only two and a half times more than he had. So A terrible birthday week. Yeah, good job, Mark Wade loser speech. You know guys, I've really been putting my comedic kaons on the line and I'm learning that apparently they're not as big and wonderful as I thought. I have been crushed, humiliated, and defeated multiple times in a row. But from the ashes, much like from the grave for Carmen, we shall rise and become bigger than life Probably.


You know what's funny, Wade, is even if Mark hadn't gotten four extra points for your coin flip and two bonus points, he'd still be you. Thanks man, for letting me know that. Anyway, mark Winter speech. Well, much like the Grinch, my balls grew three sizes this day for my victory. I'm so grateful for literally just coasting my way to the finish line. My opponent was trying so hard every step of the way, but he was just driving his feet deeper into the potholes every time, tripping himself up, shitting down his own pants.


Yep, pissing on his own legs. Shouldn't have got the apple cock ring, the apple chokers the way to go. Thanks for this amazing victory. Great Words, great words, great speech. Great man. It'll be a great host next week. Thanks so much for watching and listening, but more for watching, I guess is kind of the tone of this episode. Listeners, do you know what you did? Make sure you follow Mark and Wade and myself over on our other platforms. But most importantly, make sure you follow this show. It's a little check mark or whatever. You'll get notifications when the episodes come out. It's Mondays and Fridays, always Mondays and Fridays, but somehow you still miss it, so probably follow the show so you get the damn notifications. Thank you everyone so much for being here. We'll, we'll see you again in the next episode where Mark will be hosting and until then, podcast out.