
Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Bruce Wayne Wade plays Mr. Freeze, then makes his bid for unlimited power builder Bob Beans with parental pride promotes elucidation via excrement, monarchical mastery and the gall frame. Muted. Muted. Mark has clogged watery tubes, makes plays for VP Harvester Horror, the burn Zeus's boy and Spader from Nordic cables to Rames ii. Yeah, it's time for Wade For President. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everyone. welcome back to another episode of Distractible Live Today's house. Spooky. You caught me when I was moving my life. Glad you do that man. Joined is always by my friends and spooky co-hosts, mark and Bob. I don't think it's the right month for that anymore. Mark. I think you need to calm down. We're past that. That's why I was trying to move it 'cause it was in the position where I had it And. it was red and so technically it should be up there but oh man. So hard lights These days. Lazy stack of shit. Well it's also, I have it wedged in my window against like a loose sound panel in the wall. It's fallen down many times. It's too bad that I don't make stands for those. I'm going for it. Here we go.


I'm good Wade. I'm doing, I'm doing quite well. This Is your first time joining. This is the show where one of us hosts the other two compete for points and the winner gets the host the next episode we usually, and we'll continue the trend of starting this off with some small talk, which I myself have some, but I will choose to go last with it. I feel like it's polite to let you two tell your small talk first. So how's things? Oh, You know, oh, you know, I've been building stuff. I've, I've built a, I've built a wardrobe, a hardwood wardrobe. I didn't cut the pieces. It was, it came pre but I screwed it together God dammit. But also I built a thing, it's like a little tool organizer shelf thing that you're supposed to hang on the wall in the garage and like you put your drills in it and charging. I included James in it, James our almost 2-year-old baby.


And he loved it 'cause mainly it was just screwing things together, which he could help with pretty easily. And he liked, he would put his hand on the drill and then I would me and he'd be all ha 'cause he thought that was the coolest thing ever. He Put his hand on the drill Like on the back, like on the safe part. Oh okay. Just like I held the drill and he like put his hand on it and then I pulled the trigger And it vibrated and he thought it was cool. But we got like 90% of the way done And. it turns out a shelf is just a baby sized couch. And he like literally the whole time he had been sitting on parts of it and standing on it. But then we got like 90% done And. It's just a little him sized like wooden bench thing and he just sat in it and was like, oh you built me a chair.


Thanks dad. So now we have a work pro branded tool chair holder baby set up in our living room that I don't know if I'm ever gonna get back. It was very fun. James is coming into a, a big dad era, which is fun 'cause I feel like he was kind of all about mom for a long time. But now we're doing stuff, we're building things. Well the toys they have for kids that are, you know, workshop based, they have that cardboard router table where you push the cardboard through. Oh those are cool. We're getting one of those so bad once he's old enough. Those look awesome. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's really cool. I think everyone eventually goes through a power tool phase. Like I had my Rio Beam phase and I'm definitely over.


I don't yearn for Rio B days to come around every summer. I don't yearn for it. Yeah, me neither. Me Neither. I don't yearn. I'm not yearning right now. I've never yearned. Actually never. I didn't actually know that you could make yarn in the past. Tense. Yeah. Year yearned, yearned. Yearned. She yearned. I yearned for you Weight's. Literally not even paying attention. Weight's gone. I was counting something and broke my brain. How High did you get this time? 17. You didn't even make it to two and two. I was trying to get the S 15 but I ended up at 17. What are you counting? It's Just for fun. Just practicing, You Know, gotta make sure these skills stay sharp.


You and James need to hang out. Man. That is the funniest thing when he, like when he wakes up like in the middle of the night or whatever from a nap, he, he'll literally just sit up and he'll either go where mama, where dad at? Or he'll just sit up and go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Right? Anybody? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. He just starts scouting. He just loves it. You guys would get along so well. I also Wake up in the middle of the night. I'm just like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And Molly's like, what the hell? I'm like six. I don't know if he can get all the way to fifth 15 yet, but I don't know if you can either. I apparently cannot. We have breaking news. Did you know that this is actual news.


Just two hours ago, two undersea internet cables connecting Finland and Sweden to Europe have been cut. Oh Cool. Are we cool? We cutting off Finland and Sweden to Europe. What the fuck did I just say Man? Yeah, but like which side is cut off? Is all of Europe gone or is it Finland and Sweden that are gone? Which Side? Which direction did the internet flow? Yeah, it was two cables. One up, one down. Get get with the picture man. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Well so no one in in those kind. No. Nolan in Sweden or Finland is gonna hear this then. 'cause they don't have the internet anymore I assume It must be. So everyone please download this podcast, package it up into your local cassette tape, Press it into a solid gold record And then ship it.


Ship it to Finland and Sweden. They need it. They yearn for it. They are yearning. They will have been yarning and they need it. They're yearning, they're waiting, they're yearning, waiting. Come mind I tried. No, that's what TRO door did to the village. Mm. He urinated the people. Right. That'd be a whole different kind of dragon. Why do we always have piss shooting out of things when we come up with, we Had a whole superhero episode where I gave you guys the ability to have amazing powers and you guys were shitting and pissing at each other. Yeah like We're really hard. Look just, it's the rules of yes and we can always rule it down to a common denominator. Someone starts it and then we all have to jump on it. But that doesn't mean that we all abide by that opinion.


Who started it this time? Me. Good work. Me? Yes, That's right. The world's greatest detective. He deduced it. He got there. Batman tried to Ddu. Who is Batman? Comes Tolu. Just Bruce. Wayne looks in the mirror. Holy Shit. Who am I? Who am I screaming at himself in the mirror hanging upside down from the ceiling. That Just, I don't know why but that made me think of, have you, you've seen the Avengers right? You know Drax the character Drax. That character was so funny and then they made him tell actual like stupid jokes just like oh I'm an idiot and here's a joke.


But he's so funny. Like there's a scene he's meeting him and the rest of the Galaxy dudes, whatever their Name is, those guardian guys, the Galaxy dude, Galaxy dudes, I love Chris Pratt and Galaxy Dudes volume three, Which I still haven't seen. I kind of fell out of the the Marvel movie thing. I need to see Wolverine and what his Face Cut Ah Wolverine and Ryan Reynolds. Anyway, I was just thinking of like the joke of like what we were saying there is like who's Gamora I'll do you one better. Why is Gamora? And it's like that's a stupid joke. But his joke right after is so much funnier where it's like you shoot him, I'll shoot Him and Drax goes Do it. I can take it.


Like that's so much funnier than the actual joke he said. And that goes with his character from the first movie where it's actually like he's just way overconfident and kind of dumb in that way. And it's like, man there Was a Guardians of the Galaxy video game that came out a few years ago. And, it took me a little while to get into it because like the voice actors are completely different than the people in the movies and you kinda get used to their look and whatever. But the writing and the characters, I don't know. I ended up loving them more in the video game than I did any of them basically in the movies. And D Drax is one of them where it's like he's actually, they they have time to like flush out his character And. It's like okay this is really good. so I highly recommend the video game if you want to get that feel at Pie. Welcome back Mark.


It says your devices changed. Mark, it says you're starting a new recording due to a change in devices. Oh no. Nothing. Nothing. Sorry bud. He always does this during my episodes. Yeah, you'll notice whenever Mark hosts never mysterious technical problems. Do you have a dry erase board near you? You might just need to write your answers down for the rest of this one. Yeah, John Krasinski this shit office. This you have a wall. Can you throw your, your thing behind you down and just write on the wall. I don't know why but I thought you were gonna go with, can you throw your feces at the wall in the shape of your answers? I would give a lot of bonus points if you could spell words by just flinging shit at the wall behind him.


Okay buddy, you got a shit broken. It's funny point since I didn't listen to any of your small talk I figured I'd made it up to you. Damn. So my small talk is the same as it's always ever been is just about the render farm. I have solved water cooling. Wow. Don't talk about Glo or salts again. Don't go there. Why not? I don't need to right now. Right now I don't. 'cause it's winter. so I don't need to worry about cooling too much. Water cooling is a lot like factorial. I was just playing that last night. Yeah, I know right? So factorial is about like optimizing your, your distribution and automating things so that it all flows in a good direction and, and you know you can get clogs in your factorial factory because you can have things going and then it won't go out.


You have an into an out and an out to an in And it needs, the belts need to be perfect and And also you don't need extraneous belts because you'll run outta space and stuff like that. Right. So water cooling has always been a very scary part of computer building to me. And I've never done it because I always worry about catastrophically exploding my computers with water. To be honest, I did that the first time. I think I told you guys the first time I did it I had to put it outside and drain it. Well that's just because I didn't know what kind of plug I was using. It was an inset plug or outside plug. I've now successfully water cooled eight servers. I am, I'm really proud of that. I've, I've got custom blocks, well I didn't make 'em but the blocks for the CPUs, I put 'em in there. I created my own routing with the loop inside.


A very elegant way of like the tight angles and stuff like that because if you go to a server manufacturer and you buy their proprietary water cooling solution, it's thousands of dollars, thousands of dollars. But the block I got is 60 bucks, right? So it's 60 bucks for that. 60 bucks for another one. And then the pieces, the connectors are like five bucks a piece. You need dozens of them. You need way more than you'd ever think. And if you get the quick disconnects, they get pricier. But I did it all. And it works and I set up the w the quick disconnects properly so that if I ever need to do maintenance, I pop 'em out. No water goes anywhere. Like dry breaks. You mean like specific? Exactly, yeah. Oh hell yeah. So they're, they just like couple and they uncouple really easily. so I pop all those out.


The only thing that I didn't, I don't understand is there's some liquid physics going on that don't make any sense to me because I know the general principle is like you need to put the fluid in when you're filling it and then air rises to the highest point in there and it'll, you know, you want to vent that so you can always fill it. So you want where you're filling it to be the highest point And it goes down. But what they don't tell you, well they probably do but I didn't read it, is the way the, the loops can sit and go up and down also create like many high and low points in the loop. It's like the false vacuum thing in the universe where they say we're resting at what we think is the base point, but actually we're gonna all collapse into nothingness.


And so what happens with that is pressure can start to build up explosively inside these tubes. I haven't had anything explode except where I was filling it in so many times. It's like old faithful. I watch as it goes in, I see an air pocket come back up, And it sounds, it sounds like it's rumbling and I have to put my finger over the thing or else it's going to push water up from behind it before the air gets there. so I push that and then once I look at the tube and I see the air is like filtered to the top, then I let it go and goes. It's just, it's a very strange, it doesn't feel like building computers at all.


It feels like a, it feels like I'm car mechanic just like trying to cobble the other, this system. It's very fun and water is going every, I've ran through so many rules of paper towels. I've lost more fluid than I've put into the thing. But not in the computers. You've Probably spent thousands of dollars on this On the parts. No, I was joking. Oh Right, I see Man. I'm at like negative 10 points to start this episode. It's not a great start for me. No, come on. It was funny man. I laughed. I thought it was very funny. I was just being respectful and being quiet. Thank you. We love this episode. We love this episode. I've Not even done anything. I've never built custom water loop stuff but I've watched lots of videos on it. That's, that's very funny.


Well so you have dry breaks so you could use like a, like a pick or something to sort of like open the dry break and bleed the air from your little pockets that you have. Probably technically I could, I just worry about breaking any kind of o-ring or seal inside there or jamming a mechanic or mechanism in there and then suddenly I got like, oh O-ring break. No. Do you have trauma about o-rings? Probably they make like a dry bleed connection, like dry break bleeder where it's like you can connect it to the dry break and it's the right connection but then it's just a bleeder that opens to the atmosphere or something like I bet They do. One of the problems with water cooling is that there's so many different manufacturers, there's so many different standards of parts.


Most of the tubing that I do is 13 is 10, 13, it's 10 millimeters inner diameter, 13 millimeters outer diameter. Most of the actual threaded screw holes are quarter inch. Some things are very standardized but all of them are tiny, itty bitty parts that cost like five bucks a piece. And so you're like, oh it's cheap. Ah man I need 96 of these. I Wasn't wrong by it adding up to thousands of dollars. It sounds like by the end of this It does, but when you think of the server thing, it's, it's like thousands of dollars per actual server on the rack so that it adds up way quicker for there and in the end you would still have to hook it all up and get other stuff. So it works out to be cheaper but it's, there's something very fun to it.


It's like it's the exact same difference of buying your own computer and building, buying your own parts and building your computer or buying a pre-made computer. What If you buy your own parts, have someone else build your computer That's costs money unless I do it and then I do it for free. Unless You trick mark into doing It. Hey, you guys wanna come over? Yeah I do man. No I, I felt very cool because I had a pressure tester so whenever I would build the loop I would have a pressure tester plug up one end, put the pressure test pump air in to test for leaks. It felt Very, It felt very official. I felt very confident doing it And. it was actually really fun. I haven't, I don't work with my hands a lot and I don't know something about wrestling.


The pressure was very fun and super frustrating and sometimes, but very fun. Good Work. I listened, I paid attention. Thanks man. I'm gonna give Bob an extra point for me not paying attention to what he had to say. Thanks man. So my little bit of small talk, I don't know how interesting it is, but Molly had her wisdom teeth removed this Last Thursday. It was kind of a lot the first day she got home, surgery went well, And, it was mostly resting and they gave her a lot of pain meds, which I don't, still don't know if it was quite enough actually, but a lot of pain meds I had to go pick up like her prescriptions, pain meds and then like antibiotic and stuff. And they didn't call them in or anything, they just gave me written prescriptions. so I had to go drop off the prescriptions, which there was a line for, I think this is always the answer, tell me if I'm wrong, but like if you drop off a prescription, the answer is these will always be ready in one hour.


Mm. Mine are never that fast. Mine are always like this afternoon we'll call You. So an hour or more, an hour. It's a bit of a drive to get to where like her meds are. So it was like, well I'd spend half an hour driving back and then coming back again. So do I just eat? What do I do? Meanwhile, Molly's at home like in bed supposed to be like, you know, I, I don't know, I don't think she's supposed to be alone at this time or after surgery, but I'm like, yeah lemme just stay gone for two hours while she just had surgery. Get her meds, go home every 30 minutes she has to have an ice pack put on her head and a little strap whatever and then 30 minutes later take it off or put it in the freezer for two straight days. That became so much more tedious than I thought it would. It was like what can you do for the 20 minutes in between ice pack, sit down for a sec.


Like you could not really do anything. It was just my life for the first two days was ice pack. And meanwhile she's like, you know, drugged up whatever the first day, the second day I think they actually went pretty smoothly. I think the pain meds and everything else were still doing a pretty good job. The second day she actually seemed like she was doing really well and then days three, four and five pain really Escalated. She was very miserable. They gave her a strong narcotic pain medication. Oxycodone, they gave her five total pills and they're like, this is supposed to last you five days And. it wasn't even like the 10 milligram, it was the five milligram and I had to cut them in half to make them last long enough and those don't cut in half super cleanly. So there was a lot of like wasted pill but man oh man.


Was five of those not enough for recovering from mouth surgery? Yeah, that's Pretty harsh. They've been super restrictive. They like the whole medical industry has been incredibly restricted because admittedly there was an opioid crisis. There was definitely over prescription of opioid painkillers, And, it was a problem that was killing people. But now it's overcorrected. Like I had a similar thing, I broke my foot, I had a broken bone that I could not move around with and they, they were just like, yeah Advil, that'll fix it. That'll take care of it. And it's like it, it is just one of those things where pain management has kind of gone out the window as far as like healthcare and that's a big proponent of it.


It's Gone way too far. I had something really minor, I don't remember what it was. I remember like in 2018 ish I went in for something and I swear they gave me oxycodone then as well. So when you broke your balls on tour And I feel like I had a whole bottle of it that was like half full and I maybe took two of them and then like we just had to dispose of the rest. I guess I could have sold it illegally and made lots of money but I decided what I should do is give it back or whatever. Oh no, you keep that until later when you're like, ah, I could really use some oxy and then you just enjoy that. That's a joke. Don't do that. I didn't because we ended up having two half full bottles of it. so I was just like, I feel weird having this in my house, let's get rid of this. But now whenever Molly really needed it, five pills just felt really quite Not enough.


Yeah, no I remember I had my wisdom teeth out when I was like a senior in high school or maybe a later teen years. They gave me whatever the fuck I wanted. Yeah. I had no pain. I had as many drugs as I needed to be pain-free for the entire recovery. Which I imagine was good because it's an incredibly painful thing. I don't know if she had two out or four out or what I had all four. It's miserable. Well and as you get older it gets worse. We found out. So when you're younger they remove it and I, I guess bone will heal on its own and kind of grow back into the gap. But as you get older that doesn't happen. So they had to do a bone graft on top of the removal. Fun. Yeah, they gave her very little pain meds for that. The normal over the counter stuff like that was a pretty high dosage of pain meds.


But nothing compared I don't think to the narcotic pain meds. Take Some extra strength Tylenol that'll fix you Blow up your liver at the same time. Yeah. They're like here's your five oxycodone but also take a thousand milligrams of this, 800 milligrams of that and here's your two and a half milligrams a day of the actual good one. No, that sucks. I mean I, I don't even know if it's accurate to say that the opioid crisis is over. I think it would be more accurate to say they're starting to reign it in. No, like Narcan is more widely available and more people know what to do with it and it's there are less, the deaths are trending downward but it's still a thing. But like it turns out, if you're a doctor who needs to prescribe actual pain management stuff, you have to actually give a shit about your patient and think critically about it because some people do need some of that and some people probably should not have access to as much of that And.


it shouldn't just be on or off. Which really sucks. Sounds like Molly's dealing with a lot of pain and that stinks. But it's been a not a fun past couple of days for her. Yeah, Yeah. That's a larger conversation in the whole like medical industry as a whole. I mean yeah I talk like I know the answer like there's an easy answer. I'm sure that there's not, and I'm sure I can't even offer anything valuable but it sucks that because of that I'm sure there are a lot of people who are like, man, can I just fucking have painkillers for like a week or two just for this, for my broken foot. This is one of the avenues where I know people have a lot of knee jerk reactions about ai. This is one of the avenues where I think it'll actually help a lot. You guys said, did you see the story about this machine learning model was able to detect breast cancer better than doctors looking at a at a radiographic?


I have seen that. It's very interesting. Yeah, no, so it, that's the kind of advances that I wanna see because it's what it's good at the machine learning thing. A lot of, we've talked before, it's not ai, it's not actually intelligent but it's good at detecting patterns to do some things out of seeming noise. You know, stuff That's indiscernible to humanize. That's the thing about the cancer cells is it's patterns that are on a pixel level where it's like a doctor who's seen tens of thousands of images of that would still have no way of really telling, oh this is that kind of cell versus of Whatever. And that can extend into other factors of medicine because right now the problem is doctors are tapped, there are not enough, nurses are tapped, there are not enough, they're underpaid or they're overworked.


Kind of similar thing but it's just like so individual care goes down and this isn't just an American problem, it's a worldwide problem. But with these things you can actually, if you can get better faster diagnoses, if you can get like, you know, a conclusive answer on like treatments and stuff like that and possibilities and like help deduce down, it could help out tremendously and that would be really nice. So that's the kind of things that AI should be used for and I hope advance into the future. And also AI should help to make sure I buy the correct products off the internet. I love ads. I know everyone does. But I'm saying if they were just more relevant to me. If, if the machine learning models knew me as a person was able to identify, in fact meet me in my own home with these ads wherever I am on toilet In my glasses, I don't want smart glasses with a camera that faces outwards that analyzes my world.


I want a projection of ads into my glasses. People talk about like, oh I just mentioned this thing and then I got an ad for it. Like it's lit. I want the ad to beat me to the punch as I think of, oh I should buy one of these. My glasses are like here, 30% off at your favorite store. Blink wants to purchase. Now Not everyone wants that. So what if you have like a subscription service for like, I don't know, $12 a month to remove the ads from your glasses? That's true, that's true. You wanna be able to pay to head to not have to pay For more. Oh that's a higher tier. Yeah. Oh hold on. Does not compute. Cut the cable. Cut the cable. I'm Finland. Cut it. Finland. Me.


So I have decided based on how much I think that this brings people together and is just an uplifting topic that brings the world happiness. I'm gonna run for president in four years. My god, President Barnes on the way. I never thought about that. I feel like Barnes is too long of a name for a president. So I'm thinking about just shorting it to President Bald. so I might change my last name. I like Barnes. It's folksy and it's like you're a man of the people. Yeah I do. I like my name too. I think if you're gonna short it at all, you should just make it one barn. Wade barn. Whenever I wanna go out at night. Wade Barr, Change it based on where you go. You're a man of the people. Very Flexible.


Wait, Lee Market. No, here's the thing, I have to pick a vice president and there's like all these cabinet positions and Attorney general, you guys are gonna help give me definitely the best picks for each position. I went ahead and wrote, wrote them out. If you guys are wondering why I was counting earlier, it's because I need write down position as president. I'm gonna do insert things that you want me to do here. AI will fill it in 'cause that's the way the world's going. Right? Give me actually though just the most unhinged picks for each position. Specifically unhinged, however you want to take it. But like we're not here gonna like break down military careers and like the actual Democrat, Republican, whatevers.


Do they have to be alive? Do they have to be alive? No, We can reanimate some cabinet members. They Don't even have to be real. Oh we have the technology and in four years we'll basically have flying cars and stuff anyway, so, so lemme give you the list here. I've got secretary of agriculture, commerce, defense, education, energy, health and human services, Homeland Security, housing and urban development. The interior very mysterious. I dunno if it's like the interior of a car. A house. Interior of what? Labor State. Transportation, treasury, veterans affairs and Attorney General. Without looking up what any of them do, we're just gonna take our best guesses. All, right? are you Gonna prompt each one of those? 'cause I didn't remember anything.


Yes. Okay, good. So first up is vice president. I need you each to give me a vice presidential nominee to choose from. I don't know what vice president even actually does other than like make appearances. I know that the vice president is supposed to fill in for whatever your shortcomings are as a candidate. Basically you want a vice president who attracts all the voters that you can't attract. And so I'm thinking hair. The just the most hair. Yeah, Actually, and I'm not saying your vice president should be hair, but I'm thinking like, like the Geico caveman would be a great pick for you. You shining, shimmering splendid up there and then your vice president goes to speak and it's 90% hair with a mouth and eyeball sticking out of it.


Cousin. It would be an outstanding vice president. This is where I'm at. This is where I'm at with my, with my thinking. We have most hair. Geico, caveman cousin. It is. Wait, was it the hand or is it the hare? No. 'cause of ing was The hand thing. Was the hand. Yeah, thing was the hand. Okay. Yeah. Got it. For those who don't know, the vice president among a few other roles presides over the Senate, I and the Senate tie breaking boat in the Senate. I don't know. Presides over the Senate is probably the wrong term for that. No, that is accurate actually. Vice president technically is like the president of the Senate or whatever, whatever Title. And then they do the tie breaking vote if there is a tie. So you need someone that is gonna be of the people and help you out.


But think of Dick Cheney, right? Who is really president during Bush's era. The pheasant he was hunting Dick Cheney's shotgun. I mean if we're gonna be perfectly Dick, Cheney and Bush were out hunting a bang. What happened to you? Isn't that how he talks? Yeah, That's how he sounds. I know for you. So you don't want cousin it cousin. It would be too powerful. You want someone that is of the people but not too powerful that they would usurp your rule. Because as we know, president is king. so I need someone shorter than me.


Yeah. So they need to be less intimidating. They need to be subservient. A very beta kind of person. Not gonna be in your way. A very yes man. Do anything you ask forever and ever and ever. are you nominating yourself? What? No. Whatcha are you talking about? Okay, just double checking man. I just am saying it could be anybody. And you know I do have hair. A lot of it you just need someone who's not too short, not too much shorter than you, but shorter enough that people go like, wow, I'm only looking at that guy and nod at that guy 'cause I can't even see that guy.


So like Tyler Height? Nah, Shorter. No Tyler's right? Tyler's what you Wanted. That's A great height. Any shorter than, that's just embarrassing. No, No I don't think because you definitely don't want someone taller than you. You know, who knows how tall. 'cause it really is. So you want someone right there probably at the national average. 'cause you want them to really identify with the people right At that line of average. Maybe a bit above it. Maybe a bit above it. You know, it could be a wiggle room here and there. Above, above. I feel like it's, I'm with Mark, but I feel like you definitely wanna make sure your vice president is someone who's very relatable. No weird hobbies, no niche interests. Just off the top of my head. Stuff like obscure, radioactive camera lenses or you know, buying computer equipment from China and shipping it over on a boat.


These are sketchy things that's gonna, it's gonna come up when you have a vice president who's really being looked at by the American populace. So someone without any of those sorts of activities in their personal history and anyone can be shorter. I could be shorter than I am up to four inches shorter depending on how much I might need to shorten myself. You can't get taller. But you can always get shorter. Oh, you can absolutely get taller. You Can hunch you can. There's knees, there's hips, there's all kinds of bendy parts. Lemme Get this straight. Bob, are you rescinding Geico caveman and cousin it and putting yourself in the fold. I have. I've been growing this beard for a reason.


And it is not just to compete with the beards that both of you have. It's for my future and America's future. I, you know, if I, since Bob's throwing his hat in the ring, I might as well just chuck it in there. Whoa. That's crazy. I didn't know you met you. I might have to give this one to mark only because Bob, your first instinct was more hair and Mark has more hair than you and I both. He Doesn't have a hair anywhere above. I mean below his neck. I have Chest hair. Look, You have accountable number of chest hair, Body hair. I wasn't taking body hair. I could count your chest hairs on my fingers and toes, assuming I know how many that is.


That's the only patch if I pull my shirt down any lower anywhere else. Nowhere. That's it. You, you went to Turkey and had chest hairs implanted just so you could do this and be like, look, Look, Don't look anywhere else. We've all had that manscape sponsor. I was just assuming we were all bald from the neck down. Let's prove it. Let's all prove it. All, Right? Buttholes. 3, 2, 1. My butt holes. I don't know If you have a hair there. You have hair everywhere. That's a litmus test right there. Just based on Bob's own criteria. I gotta give the first VP point to mark. The more hair, the boldness, Whatever you say, president and friend. It'd be the first time the president walks into a room when everyone runs past him. are you Mark Applier?


Take a photo. You, You guys walk up to like the G eight or something, which is like world leaders, but, and some, one of the other heads of state is just like, oh multiplier. Oh my god, My kid's such a fan of you. I don't know why That might work to our advantage. Yeah, I I wouldn't be elected 'cause I don't have a college degree. But is that Required? It's encouraged. Let's not talk about that. What's the next position? The Secretary of Agriculture. What do they Do? I think they hand out rakes The green giant. Not the jolly one, just the green, regular giant. He can be jolly. But you know, these days with what farmers have to go through Monsanto breathing down their necks and all the immigrants taking all their jobs as farmers.


That's true. We do have an Ohio eating the pets and immigrant farmer crisis. I'm not gonna argue that the green giant is not formidable for SEC ag. What you really want, it's just someone or something that really represents America. And you could not do better in that regard than a field of corn. There is no more American symbol of agricultural dominance in this world than a large field of corn. Nobody's not getting behind field of corn for SEC ag when they're trying to get that nomination pushed through the Senate.


It's Genius. Look like a news channel. We now go live to the Secretary of Agriculture. Hey Sec Hag, how are you doing out there? Secretary of Agriculture addresses the joint tested of Senate in Congress. It's just a field of corn, but there's like a harvester going through it. Just like to a bunch of secret service agents come running outta the sides like, oh my God, They're all diving into the threshold. Good down, good down. Get down sir. It can't be stopped. Get down Next sec. Greg is just harvester bucket full of corn. Is next of kin, Next of can.


Ah, ah, Ah. Hey Mark himself admitted it. I don't think this needs much debate. A green giant grate, but like he lives on the can. The corn goes through it all, Even through the American people Done corn field. I wasn't thinking, I wasn't thinking Starting to regret my, my VP pick here. I don't know. Yeah, this is, this is who you're relying on for their, his hairiness. I'm, I'm in the Senate and I will break those tie votes. I'll get your pick through. If I believe in the better candidate, I'll push through. You know, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna let ego get in the way here. Thank God for that. Next up Secretary of Commerce.


Gotta be a money pick. This is a tricky one 'cause your instincts will tell you pile of money, but I'm just gonna cut you off at the pass. That's not the answer. You want someone who really understands not just the financial markets. You want someone who has been there. This is gonna sound confusing. He's not the best fast food masco or representative of the most successful chain, but he brings something else to the table. I wanna say you want the Burger King as your Secretary of Commerce Clowns. Clowns get paid and Wendy does. Well, I'm sure. But there's the, the Burger King himself is just a different, you know, different class of politician All.


right? Mark got top. The Burger King. Yeah, I got this man. So you know what they say? You should give power to those who don't want it. 'cause that's who actually deserves it. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna take Bernie Sanders, we're gonna make him a billionaire. We're gonna give him billions and billions and billions of dollars. We're gonna force him to be a billionaire and then put him in that role and he will rise to the occasion. He'll struggle a bit 'cause he'll, he'll have to deal with that. He's now one of the billionaires, but billionaire, Bernie Sanders, he would make the best decisions. Bar none, Just him standing in the field. And this is Barie Sanders, and I'm once again asking you, please take some of this money.


Oh my God, I can't live like this. Apparently his net worth is somewhere between half a million and $3 million. So we're just gonna give him billions. I have a thought More, I mean that's kind of his whole thing of any politician I can think of. Bernie might be one of the ones where I think he actually mostly does live the values that he talks nonstop about and is not just like a, a millionaire billionaire who's cashing in on the fact that he gets to sit in on, you know, private committee sessions and learns all this shit that he could use to trade stocks or whatever. Like he, I, he actually just is, he just wishes, you know, things were better. I think he and Field of Corn would get along really well too.


Oh Yeah. That's some synergy right there. I gotta, we gotta move on. I gotta give this one to Mark Billionaire Bernie Sanders. I just keep thinking about him hanging out with the photo shoot with Field of Corn. I just love the image. Just Him forced to be in a room with Elon Musk. 'cause all billionaires have to hang out. It's just fucking red in the face. Just fucking angry every day. That's what I want. Also, the image of Burger King is like master and commander, like with his hand outside the window, like looking in, sadly as it's raining on him. I enjoy, for some reason, by The way, I didn't mean that. Like, that's what I want because I wanna torture Bernie Sanders. That's how it is. I th I want him angry in that room. No, we got you. You, you're like masochistic for Bernie Sanders. We got you. Exactly. Wait, yes. Secretary of Defense.


This is not that an important one. Probably. So let's, we can go quick on that. I mean, the only thing that jumps to mind is Creos probably good about it. Well, he killed all the other guys, so maybe he would just like kill all the generals. I don't know if that's a good idea. All, right. Well you creos People will say this is pandering. And I will say Uhuh. Nuh, but wait, I think it's arguable if not definitively true that one of the best defenses of 2010 era football is the Legion of boom. The Seattle Seahawks secondary from the days of Russell Wilson and their Super Bowl victories. And then the beast mode himself and the heart of the legion of boom bam, bam Cam, you can't get a better defender than Cam Chancellor.


You can't beat the legion of boom. Fuck. Did you just say I, I, I understood all of it. See Mark, this is why you're more VP material. Some might say this is Paning because I know Wade likes football and we share that interest. But I'm not a Seahawks fan. And in fact, I was a Peyton Manning fan and watching them demolish him in the playoffs hurt. That was like one of the best offenses of all time. However, We're no getting around those guys though. Like what a group. Okay. Credos who Mark also admitted might just kill the other generals and take over. It might be a bad pick. Well sometimes the best defense is a good offense. I don't know. Nobody's getting in this country. It's getting batted down. Whatever comes our way with the Legion of boom.


Bob, you get the point. Yeah, I feel pandered too. But it worked. Another not very important one. Secretary of Education. Do we even need one of those? I feel like I know enough. Skip. I think education is destroying this country for Sure. I'm sad now. Do you have to fill it or can we actually pass? I will leave this choice is yours. Oh, I can't think of his name. What's that actor's name? The guy, the smart guy from Idiocracy. The one guy, what's his name? Oh God. He is one of the brothers. Him And he's one of the Wilson Brothers, right? Yeah. John GaN, GaN Wilson. GaN Wilson, Luke Wilson. He's, he's not the one.


He is the other one. Luke Wilson. Who plays Joe Bowers. Joe from Idiocracy. You want Joe from Idiocracy or Luke Wilson. I Mean Luke Wilson. But he has to play Joe from Idiocracy during his entire term. So I, I haven't, I know of this movie. I've not actually seen it. I need to see, it's on my list. I've been told about like three times in the last two years, which is wild. But he's like the only one that still has a moderate amount of intelligence by the end of the movie. Right? I forget how he gets that. I don't remember the plot of the movie. But basically he like goes to the future or something. He gets cryogenically frozen. I think in The future everyone's do like he's an idiot or something. Modern time. And he's like a normal, average guy who's a genius where he is. Yeah. Because he's the only one with any intelligence at all.


Also, I fucking love Terry Cruz in that movie. Okay, so we have Luke Wilson as what's his face from Idiocracy Mark? Secretary Fredos is no better lesson than the lesson Credos learned after he was tricked into killing his own family and he wore the ashes of his dead wife and child. That lesson stuck with him and he turned that education upon the gods themselves. He learned them a lesson and they learned him a lesson. It's a lot of learning. You Know, I feel like teachers aren't really allowed to punish students. And like you get away with a lot in school nowadays. Maybe we need to harken back to the God's times of education.


So, you know what? I like Luke Wilson. That's such an obscure pick. But let's get C credos in there. Let's really teach some lessons to people. Didn't see that one coming. Gotta be honest. I also just realized I've been running down your guys' points backwards for a minute. so I had to fix a couple of things here. Oh God. Cool. I fixed it. I have a hundred percent confidence that you fixed it correctly this time. I was Like, man, Bob's really running away with this. But that's because I also gave him Bernie and Credos. All of them are for me. Those are my ideas. I thought of that Secretary of Energy. We need someone real energetic. Sec Edge. Oh, sec Edge. Oh yeah. Sonic. Sonic. The Hedgehog I'm assuming, right?


Not Vietnam Is the drive-in the drive-in Fast food Restaurant. Sonic. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Sonic the hedgehog Gotta go fast. Common misconception about this role. Everyone thinks you want something. Who is, who is energetic? Who has the, who knows about energy? Nobody knows about energy. Like a like an animal slash person slash person animal who has to manage it very carefully. I would nominate Flash the sloth from the DMV from Zootopia for a second. He's, he's that that joke where he tells the joke and he is all ha ha because he is slow. 'cause he is a slot Sloths know about managing energy and, and it's about management.


It's about keeping it even and maintaining stores and keeping it safe. He would know and Relatable to the people working at the DMV deals with all kinds of people. Everybody loves DMV Workers All, right? He is right. He is right. Well, I mean if you're gonna say it All right, then I'll give it to Bob. Wait, no he is not that. Right about that one. Particularly Flash. Flash wins. Damnit, secretary of Health and Human Services. This one sounds stupid. Gotta be really important. I mean health, human service health probably matters. Human services like dentist, human services like Shoe Shine, Secretary of Doctors and Shoe Shiners. Got it. Dr. Sholtz. Perfect Pick. That's mine.


I pick it. I know it was my turn. I got it Man. Just hopping in there. Hey, Dr. Shoals will get things underfoot. Who could possibly be a better doctor? I assume they need to be a doctor now because this is the premise we're operating under. Other than the doctor who? The The doctor? Yes. Who? Yes. What? Who? The doctor. Wibbly, wobbly timey Wimy stuff. Ooh. Anyway, it would have to specifically be David Tenet 'cause he's my favorite one. But the doctor in general, like he's, he's the one, he's the doctor. I love Dr. Scholtz. 'cause man, my feet a lot better. But time travel. Well you said human services.


The doctor is not human. How would he know what's best for humanity? And if you actually have watched the show, pretty much everyone around him dies. Oh, that doesn't seem like his fault. It Might be his fault. He's also killed a lot of things. I'm gonna make this a really intelligent decision. Hey Mark. Odds are even Odds. All, right? Why'd you do it on the floor? I Didn't have much desk space. It's okay. Bob, you won All, right? Hey, that's the first dice roll I've won in quite a while. Another not that important one. Homeland Security. I'm pretty secure in my homeland. are you insecure about your Homeland?


Homeland Dur. Hmm. In the name. Can't really have anybody else in that role. Not gonna lie. That was my first instinct. He's fine. But also, ooh, you know, what's his name? I choose Osmos from the Watchman. Is that that guy's name? Ozzy Manus or Something? Ooz Ozzy. Manus, whatever. I don't know. Osmos The douchey guy who lives in the Pyramid Castle in the Antarctic or something and saves the world by destroying a lot of it. Ozzy. Manus. Ozzy. Manus. That's what I meant. Ozzy Manus is the smart guy, right? I thought you meant the blue penis guy. You mean the smart guy?


No, That's Dr. Manhattan. Oh Foer. Everyone for this movie that came out in, I don't remember what year, like 2004 or something. But he's one of the few bad guys that is actually really smart and doesn't waste time with the monologue at the beginning. Like he waits till he wins. Is he a bad guy? Yeah. Is he? Is he? Is he? He's a villain in the film. But maybe he's not a bad guy. Is he though? Is he though? He's an antagonist. There we Go. Oh, okay. Maybe. But is he though? Is he? Listen, Y Blo, few cities for World Beast. Are you arguing in favor of Bob's Pick?


Yes. I'm Alright. Ozzy Manus. So we both agree, man. I thought Homeland was a shoe in, but Bob pulled that. I honestly, yeah, I didn't think I was gonna beat Homeland, but Ozzy Manus is just so good. He was so good. He was and very smart. Very, Very smart. Yeah. He's evil. I mean, good. He's good. Maybe he's un unclear. He's unclear. This one probably the most important pick Housing and urban development. I love Comfy House. I have a twofer. We love doctors in these positions. You love having doctors. Looks good. Doctors are smart. But this is about housing in urban development. This is hud, Dr. House, md.


I've not finished the last four episodes. I'm actually watching that show right Now. Oh, you don't know how the s the series ends. Okay. I won't spoil it for you, but I will say this is what he does after the series ends. The ending is fantastic. so I'm glad you get to experience that for the First time. Okay. I won't say anything else then. Dr. House. Dr. House and, okay. Mark. Bob the builder. Damn. Can he build it? Yes He can. Yeah. Yes he can. What a slogan. That's the thing. You want someone on your team that's gonna rally the people. Be easier to remember and everyone will love Too. Perfect. Bob, I gotta give it to Bob. The builder. You Gotta give it to me. The builder. I'll take it. No, no, no. Bob the builder. Yes, That's, that's me. I'm Bob. Mark wins the point, but you might win the position.


I don't Know if he's Bob the builder. More of a wrecked Ralph. Look to him. You know, his Small talk was, and I quote, been building things. Bob is in fact the builder. So, so Mark's the point. No, No, wait, wait. No, I'm representing, no, I'm representing Bob the builder. As his representative. I all contract negotiations. Must go through me. Okay. I think that just gave me a fever. So my vice president is representing, Yes I am. Yes I am. So there's Gonna be a lot of siding of waivers, of conflict, of interest issues in this administration, I think. But you'll get there. I know, I So you wanted to win the point, but you don't want it to be this Bob, unless you're representing him.


He does represent me probably. No, no, it's not you and Bob, the builder. He owns the trademark for it. This guy is a patent troll. He came in, tried to swoop the name. I mean, Jack Black is Steve from Minecraft. So can't Bob be Bob the builder? No, It's not a title, it's a descriptor. I am the builder who is named Bob. Okay. We're gonna get to Attorney General eventually. It's gonna be a very important pick to help me win this lawsuit. Okay. We got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 left. Guys, we're flying through this. Wait, We need to do some lightning. Lightning rounds or something. Lightning Rounds. Secretary of the Interior. Anyone with agoraphobia?


Agoraphobia. Fear of the outside world. They know the inside very well. They, they know about interior because they don't fuck with outside The tus from Dr. Who. It's bigger on the inside. Oh, okay. Feel like Tardis might be occupied. Helping doctor who, who you won with. so I gotta give it to agoraphobia. You can't have the TARDIS without the doctor. And we do, we already chose not the doctor. Well the, well the TARDIS is no longer in the administration because Wade just removed the Tardis from the administration. So you know. Excellent choice, sir. Okay. Secretary of labor, Woman in labor. Okay. Rotates out once they're done. Another one in Just a line of women. Just on the precipice of birth.


Yes, exactly. That's what it is. So you get a constant fresh ideas. Bob, Obviously that I'm going to use Mark's playbook. The choice for the Secretary of Labor would be Sisyphus because he knows about labor Sys was punished by the gods for cheating death by being forced to roll a boulder up a hill for eternity. Possibly one of the hardest forms of labor there is. Is he happy though? This Person has to be the Secretary of Labor while also either being in labor or pushing a boulder up a hill. Well, they have to understand what they're dealing with. Either way, they have to understand. I feel like this administration needs a woman's touch. We're good with the woman in labor. That's true. I don't, I don't think there's been a single female pick yet. Unless the field of corn. I don't, yeah, I don't know how that works for corn. I guess we'll leave it up to the field of corn to tell us Secretary of State, I feel like any state would be good at this, but I'm gonna go ahead and pick Ohio.


Oh, love the pick. Some will say this is pandering, but I think we all know it is. I pick the state of Georgia because it also is a country. Ooh. But then it's only half Secretary of State. Then it's partially Secretary of country. They call a country in some terminology can be a sovereign state. And. it is still, sorry, mark. But unfortunately it's all Ohio And. it always has been. Secretary of Transportation, Elon Musk Car. He Can't just keep picking inanimate objects. Alright. Lightning McQueen. I walked into that one. I walked into my own trap. I, I accept Voice is not even mine. Lightning McQueen gotta trust my vp, secretary of the Treasury. There's An obvious correct choice for this one.


It's such an obvious choice that I'm afraid it's too obvious, but clearly Scrooge McDuck The A fool's answer if ever there was one. The real answer is the Sand Lion from the beginning of Aladdin that opens into the, the Treasure Room. I'm sorry, he doesn't even know the candidate's real name, Do you? Do you? That's the cave of mysteries. Is that the name of The lion. I thought it was the cave of wonders. That's the lion is the cave of wonders. That's what I said. I'm glad Bob knew the name. This is The Cave of Wonders. It sure Is. Thank God I'm your president. You know This is why you're in charge. Oh, okay. Scrooge McDuck has a pool of treasure.


Ah, but the Cave of Wonders has Genie and I love Jeanie. And that caves is gonna guard that treasure You cannot touch. Only the diamond in the rough can touch the truest treasure lead. Not you to temptation, but deliver you from the cave of wonders. I'm just gonna throw it out there. Every time you wanna, every time you want to talk to your Secretary of Treasure, you're gonna need to first talk to your secretary of Beetle halves because you're gonna have to find those two hats of that goddamn scarab. Nominate Jafar. Really good for the Secretary of Beetle halves. Jafar in his crazy desert. Wanderer salesmen costume is the Secretary of Beetle halves. Oh, But is Bird's gonna shit all over the White House?


That's okay. That's All, right? That's going to a cave of Wonders. I like Gino. Yeah, you're right, you're right. Thank you. Secretary of Veterans Affairs. I dunno why veterans are having a lot of affairs, but I guess we gotta have a secretary for them. This guy. Fuck around and find out. Am I right? What was it? Veterans Affairs? I would nominate Ashley Madison. Oh, I see why You're, tell us why. Who is Ashley? For anyone who's unaware, Ashley madison.com is a website where men, I think mostly, but people can go to have affairs basically. Wasn't There a big data leak and like there Was Ashley got hacked and all of her secrets came pouring out.


Look, it's hard. It's a hard world. Okay? It's not, it's not Ashley's fault that she was targeted by online hackers, but if anyone should be a secretary of any kind of affairs, it's probably Ashley Madison. Well that's really helped me hone in on my pick. Oh Boy. I can't wait to hear who it is. Oh, I need to commune real quick. This entire episode has helped Mark find God everyone I found the answer. The answer. Clear. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. If there's anyone that knows about veterans affairs more than Jesus, I would love to know. I would love to know. I have to choose between a website where you go to cheat on your spouse and Jesus.


Look, I don't wanna cast aspersions, especially not on, on him, but I've heard he likes to take three day long naps. Where do you think he's going for those three days? After three days he rises. Whereas some of us guys, every day we rise. You know what I Mean? No. What Morning Wood joke. I'm glad this is your choice to make Wayne. I would, I would. I would divert your eyes to my title Mark's title is Mark, representing Jesus. Man, you have a wide cast of clients. Bob the builder and Jesus Crazy roster of clients he represent. This is ridiculous. You know what, mark? Sure. You get it. You get Jesus. Whatever Mark's doing over there, he is just pulling into huge whales constantly. God Recognizes we went, Mark Blair, Mike Kid's, such a fan of You, Jesus, with holding up like a thing with an autograph and Then you took a quick picture with Jesus and that was, that history was made.


That Was it. Yep. Alright. This is an important one. Attorney General. Oh, I have a winning suggestion and technically I went first last time, but Mark was supposed to go first. So do I get to go first this time? Sure. David Bader's character from Boston Legal. Oh, I love Boston. I know classic. He was the the best attorney ever. Look, this guy wants to nominate Jason Spade. And by the way, by David Spader. Did you mean James Spader? Yeah. No, no. He said David Spade. He said David Spade. You did say that. And I was like, that's not right. So He Nominated the wrong person.


I nominate James Spader. Spader. What's his name? Let me tell you. The character's name is Alan Shore. Alan Shore. That's who I met. You know what, you both want the same person. I agree. You both get a point. Alright, I'll take it. I didn't, neither one of you actually said Alan Shore. I got David Spader and James Spader. Well, I couldn't remember his name. I know him as Red from the Blacklist mostly. So that's not, that's not who I wanted to nominate. You both want Alan Shore. I'll give you both. Alan Shore, Bob. I apparently won Alan Sho. What did I do? We both want Alan Shore. That's his, that's the guy from the show. That is all of the positions as far as I know.


Do you think there's any secretaries we need that we don't have? I'm just gonna throw this out. How can you possibly become president and not have a secretary of boats? See, I had Secretary of Technology written down. 'cause like I feel like internet and technology are becoming so big they really need more dedication than what maybe just That sounds boring boats. However, Secretary of Boats, Sec Boat. Bob, who's your SEC boat leader? This might be controversial, but if you really think it through, it's gotta be Captain Crunch. Nose Boats, nose Naval Warfare provides delicious snacks. Mark, who's the leader of Secretary of Technology? Hold on, hold on. Doing research. Hold on. Wait, wait for it. Wait. Yep. No. Yes, yes, yes, yes.


Is that what it is? Yes. Yes. The character from Ralph Rex the internet. No, No, no, no, no. The Secretary of of Boats is the captain from the hotels.com commercial, isn't He Captain Obvious. Is That what it is? He's ca he's captain. Obvious. Right? That's What it is. Captain Obvious. Here's my second pick. You know who has a lot of boats? Gabe Newell. He has a lot of boats. Oh yeah. He owns many, many multimillion dollar yachts. Why? Because he is rich as tits. 'cause steam makes him so much money that he doesn't know where to put it. Also, he likes knives. I know that about Gabe All, right? Last one.


Secretary of Technology. I'm making it a thing. You pick one Both. I like Boat. We get two Secretary of boat. That's fair. You know what? That's fair. Oh, CEO of Nvidia, that guy, whatever his name is, he seems to have been killing it with technology. so I pick him. Gabe Newell owns what can only be described as an armada of luxury yachts worth around $1 billion in total. What the fuck? Dude? Gabe Newell is so loaded. You can only be on one boat at a time. How many boats can you do you need every body of water? Large enough for a yacht? He's got a yacht. What the fuck? Anyway, secretary of Technology.


Sorry. Getting, getting sidetracked. Yep. I pick Steve Apple. Steve Apple. You know Steve Apple, the guy who's in charge of Apple. You know who you should pick in, in Apple? I don't know what his role is. I've never known, but it's that guy that is in the presentations that, I don't know if it's real. Did he actually go and do parkour all the way down the building to the bottom floor to do another segment of the presentation? And again, don't know what he does, but he can parkour down all of the Apple campus and that's pretty good. But I'm not changing my answer. Apparently Craig Federighi did some sweet parkour moves at WDC 2024. Did you Wait, did he actually do this? Wait, did he actually, no way.


It looks like him. I mean it could just very well be a actual parkour person with like a wig and a mask or something. But no, there's no way. There's no way, right. No, there's no way. That's him. What? I don't know what he does. I pick him. No, I don't already said mine. I picked Craig Federighi or Craig Apple. I didn't feel like deciding. So I've got Steve Jobs and CEO Nvidia. Both. You Haven't decided for like the past three entries. Two. Only two. And they're the two fake cabinet positions. This is the kind of decisiveness I expect from my presidential candidate. Maybe I just like them both so much that rather than picking one arbitrarily, because there's always only been one. I'm thinking outside the box and saying, you know what? Two minds is better than one. There's never even been one.


You're jumping straight from zero secretaries of technology to two. 'cause I'm innovative. I'm thinking outside. The Xbox Plays Station five. Got It. We go through real quick, our picks here and then I'll calculate points. President, me, no discussion. VP Mark, secretary of Agriculture, a field of corn. Secretary of Commerce, I believe was billionaire. Bernie Sanders, secretary of Defense, Allegion of Boom. Secretary of Education, credos Secretary of Energy. The sloth from Zootopia, I believe won that one. His Name's Flash. Secretary of Health and Human Services went to Dr. Who based on a flip of a dice. Roll of a dice. Roll of a dice. Secretary of Homeland Security went to home. Ozzy Manus Housing and Urban Development.


Bob the builder, secretary of the interior, people with agoraphobia, secretary of Labor, woman in labor. I should deduct points from everyone for that being the only female candidate that was offered this whole time. No, Ashley Madison. Yeah, Ashley Madison. That's true. That's true. I don't know if That's really a lady or just the name of the website. It has to be Right. I don't know. Is she real? I don't know the story of Ashley Madison. I'm not gonna lie. Well, while you guys look up Ashley Madison, 'cause I'm not putting that on my computer to go over Secretary of State Ohio. Secretary of Transportation. Did I give that to Lightning McQueen or Elon? I think I give it to Lightning McQueen. 'cause Mark was just like, yes, that one Secretary of the Treasury cave of Wonders.


Mark, did you find the Ashley Madison answer? Yeah, it's even better than we thought. Wait, it's two women probably. No. Oh wait, what are you seeing? I'm seeing something different. I'm seeing that Ashley Madison was founded by a guy and the name is two popular female names from North America. Right? That sounds good. It's both Ashley and Madison. And the guy who founded is Darren j Morgan Stern, Which I believe reiterates my point that you guys should both lose points. Rolling. Nominating one female to the cabinet. Jesus beat Ashley Madison anyway. Oh that's right. Attorney General. We went with both of you, James and David Spader.


Secretary of boat was Captain Obvious and Captain Crunch, secretary of Technology. Steve Apple slash Jobs and CEO. Nvidia. I thought I went with Craig. Craig Fredi. Maybe you did, but I didn't write it down 'cause I'd already written stuff down are the points. Bob, you got points for being a builder, Wade? Not listening. Hair. Hair sec. Ag cornfield, Legion of boom, flash, sloth. Dr. Who rolled Evens. Ozzy. Manus Gore, probably agoraphobia. Ohio Lightning McQueen, captain Crunch Boat, Allen Shore, Steve Jobs Apple. And you lost five points for not enough females nominated for cabinet positions.


That's pretty fair. Well, I nominated one. I nominated one. I don't get anything for though. Well, I'm not gotten there yet. Mark, you got points for shit broken. It's funny. Custom water cooling. Buy internet for Finland in Sweden. Words, VP Bernie Credos, Bob builder woman in labor. Cave of wonders. Jesus conceding boldly multiple times to Bob Alan Shore. CEO. Nvidia. It looks like it says hotel, but gay. I don't think that's what it says. Hotel boat guy. God, I've got terrible writing. It doesn't get better no matter how many episodes we film.


But Mark, you lost five points for you both not nominating enough women to positions. So Really neither of us is punished at all. Just like it would be in the real world. Damn. Punish him. I'll take 10 points off of myself for appointing you both to nominate people and failing. Ultimately I'll take the blame as president. I will take the blame. Yeah, I think that does fall on you and not us at all. Alright, mark, you ended up with 10 points. That's not enough. Bob, you have 11 points. That's enough. 16 to 15 minutes. Close. So Close, mark. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Everybody, It's time. I need to get, I don't know how presidents raise money for like their advertising.


Maybe it's like a GoFundMe or something. But look forward to that coming out. We'll be raising money for our war, war, war closet. Are you trying to say war chest? That's it. War chest, war closet. War chest. Doesn't matter. We're gonna need, we're gonna need more money. So we're gonna have a chest, we're gonna have a closet. Might have a side table. We're gonna raise some money for this campaign. You all know who I'm selecting and why. 2028. I can do good math. Vote for me. Mark's on the ticket. Bob's building. What else do you need? Vote for Mark. Everyone knows it's just a vote for Mark and Friend for president. 2028. Every Vote for us gets one Mark's signature sent to their And friend for president presented by Markly.


That's it. That's the episode Bob winner's speech. Even though we've decided it's not true, I'm gonna take the being the builder who is in fact Bob the builder on your cabinet. And I'm honored for the appointment and I'm sure there will be no trouble getting me confirmed and it's gonna be great. I assume we've already won. It's gonna be great serving under you sir, and mostly serving Mark. So congratulations Mark. Mark. As vice president, I take this loss with grace and dignity and I look forward to me and the president's hunting trip we're going to be taking very soon. I just need some time to myself, just us. No one else, no witnesses, no press, no cameras, no nothing out into, you know, the local swamps.


Wherever we may find the game that we're hunting. Some say it's the most dangerous game, but you know that's where the thrill comes from. Anyway, look forward to that and then we will be back to ruling with an iron fist as soon as I recover from this terrible unjust loss. And then we will rectify those errors that were made. Well said. You haven't already. You can find us online for now. Market. Market player Bob Meser. Me at Minions seven seven or Lord Minion 7, 7 7. We have merch extractable store.com. Stay tuned for the next one where Bob will do something. I dunno, until then I've got my presidential dice and don't worry, I'll be rolling it.


Let's just hope for some Nat twenties for this country podcast out.