
This podcast is brought to you by PayPal. The discussions on this podcast may not always be the smartest, but you know what is smart? The new PayPal. I, I don't have a joke. I literally use PayPal all the time. I, I, I, I actually also just use it. I don't know how to make that funny though. Like, All my funny stories are about what things don't work. You know, when a fridge destroys my entire house, that sort of, it's Okay guys. You could just say that PayPal is smart. That's fine. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a money catapult that throws your money at the people that need it. I dunno. Yes, that's good. You guys did great because you could pay with PayPal everywhere, online and in store. It is great and you leave it in 5% cash back on up to $1,000 spent in a category you choose each month when you pay with the PayPal debit card. Make sure you check out the new PayPal every payment, everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal. This card is issued by the Bang Court Bank. Na. Pursuant to a license by MasterCard, international income may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by Batman aum. Shadow available only on Meta Quest three and three s. I'm just excited to be able to use Batman's gadgets Shock glove punch, the Rat King, just the bat versus the rat. That's gonna make for some really good headlines. But come the night Batman AUM Shadow is included when you buy Medi Quest. Three or three s available now. Learn more@batmanaumshadow.com T For team Batman. Shadow is only VR me. Quest three and three s offer valid on qualifying products purchase from September 25th, 2024 through April 30, 20, 25. Terms apply


Sweetie Bottom Wash. The reality is guys prefer naturals. And if it's natural body wash you're looking for, Dr. Squat has got you Natural Kings covered. The ingredients naturals sent options, naturals around the clock. Moisturization naturally. Now available in store and online@drsquash.com. Dr. Squat, body wash from men who prefer natural


Good. evening gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Boo Bob, the Italian Stallion in Vince Cannoli Canons confronts Alexa and ask his brethren to propound their preferences. Wawa Wade Plug Soda makes it moist, but loves it. Thick caged, leashed and shaven Maza and Mark consumes a matri hates on horrendous Houdini, but wants it creamy from Mr. Beast to stuffed wallets. Ha, it's time for Wade Is Sopping. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello everyone and welcome back to the world's favorite podcast. This is Distractful. I'm your host for today. My name is Bob. I am the host because I won the last one. And just like in every episode, I, the host will be hosting and my two other friends co-hosts competitors, will be trying to see who earns the right to host the next episode that comes after this one. If there is one, which there will be. 'cause there always is. Anyway, my two friends, mark and Wade, say Hi guys. Hi. Are you booing both of you or, or just Wade? I'm, I'm booing everything in a general vicinity. Oh, okay.


You ever seen the show before? That's how it works. I'm the host. I give out points, which I have to write down on paper, which I have in this book, which I will write in and then they don't matter. And I, they're all bullshit. But the, but the winner is very important and carefully calculated. But before we get into the idea that I have for the episode today, a small talk. How's it going? Oh, Can I just say two words? One syllable? Nope. Two syllables. One word. Soto. What Sweat? Soto. Soto. I think he's cursing us. An Italian place down in Cincinnati at a restaurant. It's so good. Oh yeah. Wait, I almost went there once.


Oh man, you gotta go. It's so good. It's like they like make fresh pasta or they make their pasta in-house. So Does Olive Garden. Oh, I dunno about that. No, they, no they don't. I don't know man. The Kashi Pepe. The Capal. Oh Capal. The Capal. Cchi peepee. You Guys want some Capal? I'm one third Sicilian. Catch your peepee. The Capal the Beast. Deca. I'm sorry What? That's just literally steak. But it's so good. That's what Mr. Beast did when he released lunch Lee. He made a BTE Out here firing shots.


See I was making a joke. It just molded into a better one. Molded into a better one. No Respect for other YouTubers here. They just go after each other all the time. That's right. We're starting with who? Mr. Beast that who we're going after. Oh, why would you busy? Why would you disparage him? Oh, disparage. I was like, why would you just marriage him? I was like, what? That's right Mr. Beast. And there are going steady. By that I mean we stripped, stripped straight to marriage. Hey Bob. I'm great man. Sodas, some good food. Italian mom. Very good. Tasty. Did you have some wine with your food or are you feel I did have some wine. I had a couple of glasses. Not gonna lie. It was good. I had some Moscato Di I'm not Italian.


I'm Ohioan. So pardon my English. I'm one third of Ohioan. We speak our own special language. It's Very good though. If you ever find yourself in Cincinnati and you book a reservation two or three months in advance. Very delicious. Pricey but good. We had six people. We ordered nine pastas, ate them all. We had three of the bread appetizers. We had the steak. Very expensive too. And then we had three desserts that we split. God dang the donuts. They have a donut dessert. Three dipping. So, oh my God. The caramel. You know donuts, the very Italian dessert. These are Italian because they're served at soda.


Sovereign territory of Italy. Were they called donuts or were they called like what's it, isn't it zeoli? Isn't that like Italian donuts? It's like deep fried. I think they were called ricotta donuts. I see, I see. And never a more American thing has been said on in this podcast, But it's so good. Don't let me ruin it for you somehow You did. I never want to go to Soto. I want one of those beef steaks and some Italian donuts. Chip chop. You gotta serve lunch Lee. Here you got any of that? Moscato Dsti. Anyway, that No, that sounds fun. That's a good dinner. I, that's definitely a place. I hope Mandy and I get to go at some point here. That's nice. Only downside is we got seated right under a speaker and they had the music a little loud that night.


And boy were we reading lips 'cause we couldn't hear a damn thing. Just Three and a half hours of Yeah, no other song plays the whole time. It's like, you know what's Italian? I don't Remember what songs we're playing but man were we just like, what a lot where we were just like, I think I know it was, this place Does not sound good to go to. I, We had the only table that I could see that was directly under a speaker. All the other speakers hidden. You Know you can ask 'em about that. We Did. Oh. And they said that as more people come in throughout the night, they turn the volume up more. So they kind of were like, yeah, if you think it's loud now just wait. We're like, we Can't hear.


They're like, And they left. But the food worth it. You just went to Dick's last stand, last resort, Dick's last stand. You know, that was literally the response we got to like, Hey, the music's a little loud. Hey, if you think it's loud now just wait. We crank that shit way up later. Well why though? I don't know. Just, I just imagine the, if you get the last route of reservation, you could see that nine o'clock and your waiter comes like, hello? Would you guys like, like tap water or sparkling? We have spark. What? Cool restaurant Dude, if it gets much louder, you just be sitting there like foaming at the mouth from like your ears exploding. You sit down at the table and it's like you're in a helicopter. The waiter puts on a pair of headphones and is like under your seats.


This is how we communicate. 'cause it's so loud. We don't control that. Not a bad Idea actually to have those. Well that sounds really fun. Despite my description, always one of the biggest hits is to go to Soto. It's, it is very, very good Mixed bag on that review. Never had that seat before. I hope I never get that seat again. Everywhere else I've sat great. But if you're right by the wine hole, you might be by the speaker. Is that the hole? They scoop the ladles in there to get the house wine out of. I think It's a cellar, but the cellar's kind of like just a cone shape with a ladder. And then there's some wine bottles In it. We were between the bread heaver and the wine hole. It's a nonstop activity.


I think of a cellar. Like you go on a staircase and there's like a whole basement with shelved. This was just kinda like a nice whole cone of wine. Yeah, thankfully they were sitting right next to the spaghetti chute so they could just press their mouth up on air. Our table was actually the one of the ones with the lever. Just spaghetti right in there. Wait for the Cannoli catapult to come sailing over. It's like hibachi but Italian. They give you five balls and across the room there's a target. And if you hit the target, the catapult fires unlimited cannolis for five minutes. There's a classy restaurant you found Wade. That would be cool. Found a good Indian place recently.


Found a good, well a soda. We've known about the hibachi. PLA did. We've been eating good when we gone out. Sounds fancy. I hope I get to eat somewhere that has a wide hole. Someday Go to soda. I don't know if I'm cool enough for that place. Anyway, mark, how's your sad life wine hole list? Pretty sad. I had a triple cheeseburger. A Triple? Triple. So was it three cheeses or three patties or both? It was a McDonald's triple cheese. Usually I get like the McDouble but they also do a triple cheeseburger and I never had it before. I know it's, it wasn't always there but it was. It's not relatively recent but I know it's like Why is it not called a Mick Triple? Is it like the McDouble where there's only one slice of cheese? So it's not cheesy enough. There's a difference between a cheeseburger from McDonald's and a Mick double or a double.


There's a double cheeseburger. The Double cheeseburger is two patties, two cheese. The MOU is two patties. One Cheese patties. One cheese. Yeah. Did you get a Mick Triple or a triple? Triple cheeseburger? Yeah, The three cheese. Three patties. Three cheese. Three patties. It was great. So a triple Triple. They don't allow us to call it that. I thought that's just what they were called in California. Oh You know, you know every restaurant's in and out. I actually don't mind in and out, but I don't get the decision anyway. That's not what I'm here to talk about. I'm ready to CI welcome to Mark Blis complaining corner All. Right? Play the song. Cue the song. I turned around and while I was complaining, it's just A straight dialogue from my respect. Video respect.


It's a word. Anyway, this is gonna be the most niche thing. And I know it's gonna be the most niche thing because when I was having this problem, you look it up online, there's not an answer to be found about it at all. So it's a Houdini problem. Right. For those who don't know, Houdini is a, is a visual effects software. It's great at simulations. I built the whole render farm for that specifically. Right. It comes with this software. If you have a license for it called hq, you know HQ as in line Q-Q-U-E-U-E. And I've gotten very good at spelling that because I've had to type in it a billion times. The funny thing about Houdini is it's a very powerful software with extremely robust tool set zero instructions.


It is a a smorgasborg of, imagine the worst clunkiest user interface from 1995 and that's it. It's like you'll get used to that. That's fine. It doesn't need to be pretty UI to actually work well. So it works well. That's fine. It comes with this software called HQ to do distributed simulations and rendering you, you hook up all your computers to it, it's able to, you send a job And, it goes like all of you blah. It splits into pieces. Well you have to. Okay. You actually have to split it into pieces before you set it. It's not like it does that automatically. You'd think it was, but it don't. You have to define specifically where it's gonna be split up into pieces that does have very little documentation. But at least there's some guides to it. The funny thing is, I was bashing my head against the wall trying to get this to work.


Everything was set up exactly as it should be. Like, and everyone was like, it's very finicky. It's very finicky. You got all the right drive letters, da da da. You gotta have everything set up on the same network and the static ips and open your ports. It wouldn't work no matter what for like two days straight. I was trying to get it to work and finally I talked to someone that had been through this before who actually got it to work and and they go, oh yeah, it doesn't work. Ha. And that was the answer. The answer was the software just sometimes don't work. And that's most of the time apparently. So they were like, yeah you gotta use another software called Deadline that'll actually let you do what you want to do. And I go, what? Yeah, they won't tell you that. And it's like they don't tell me anything. There's no documentation for any of this bullshit.


And so few people are actually doing it. What was explained to me is they provide this software as like a framework and technically it can work. Sometimes it's Meant to be something you build off of with your own like software or something. Exactly. Because the only people really doing big distributed simulations, which you know it is a little bit, you need more than one computer. Some people only ever have one computer and that's all most people need. I have six very powerful ones and I need them to talk to each other. But most of the time, yeah that is a company and they have their own coding staff to build the software to using their infrastructure to make it so it's like literally it's a piece of software that should work on its own but doesn't.


And you have to hire people to fix it. Jesus. Or get another software that's made to make it work. It's great. Huh? That's fun. It's so fun. But guess what, it doesn't work yet. 'cause I haven't actually gotten to fix it up since I learned that. But it will soon. What are you doing right now? Some stupid. Yeah, I agree. I'm getting outta here. Let's leave you and me. Wade. 3, 2, 1. Whoever leaves first wins. Wow. Wade is clearly right there. N neither. A few Left editors send me to Guam. What's Guam look like? I'm in Guam. Put me in Guam. Yeah. I have no idea what that, why do you look like you're underwater?


I don't think Guam is underwater. Put me in Guam. Look at all this. Guam. Is that offensive? No idea. Probably. I feel offended. You know, to be fair to Mark, I looked up Guam and the first image was a beach. Oh, pretty close. Guam is a US island Territory in Micronesia Because I know there's a military, a lot of military presence. And, and John, who was on an aircraft carrier, they would dock there. And that's actually where he spent all of Covid. Oh these guys are, they know the future. Guam's World War iii. Significant. Oh wait, that's two. That's two. I can read. Wait, No, read that article. It was there for a blip. You know, you Gotta remember it. Guam's, world War three significance is on view and coming soon, oh God, I made that last part up To get back to what Mark was actually talking about though.


I, this is not remotely the same level of niche, but I fucking hate when you have a technical problem and you like you start Googling 'cause you're like, ah, someone else must have encountered this. And you find like one form post from like five years ago that's about something that has similar words but not the thing you're dealing with. And otherwise the internet has nothing to say. And you're like, ah, my, my thing that happened to me most recently is way less interesting. But basically on Windows there's a way to toggle monitors on and off with keyboard shortcuts. And in Windows 10 there was a way to do it where you could toggle specific individual monitors on and off. But in Windows 11 you can only toggle on and off either the one main monitor or every monitor.


That's not your main monitor. But the way the main monitor is defined is different between the Windows software and the backend. Anyway, I spent a long time googling this and got into a like a rabbit hole of people's GitHubs and stuff where it's like, oh, I wrote the script And. it does it. Oh wait, no, it doesn't work on unless you have this other thing. I fucking hate that. 'cause it means you're just absolutely screwed. Yeah. The moment you start Googling and nothing comes up, you just know. You're like, well this is unsolvable then, isn't it? Don't Your monitors just have a power button? Okay. I have a two PC set up and right now I have all three monitors on one computer, but sometimes I want one of my monitors to not be on the one computer. 'cause I want my video game stuffed.


Holy crap. I almost just pooped my pants. Alexa, I was not talking to you. Please don't do That. The voice, the voice came through your mind. Okay. It's just, it's a thing where it's like there's, I have one monitor I would like to disable on one computer. 'cause I, and it's like, it's not a hard thing, but Windows 11, which is what my new computer came with, which is annoying 'cause it sucks. Doesn't work that way for completely arbitrary reasons. Just because Microsoft didn't include that feature, which Windows previously had in past versions. Anyway, I hate that. 'cause I, the moment you get that research result, you're just like, hmm, well I've taken to troubleshooting things like that.


And also like some software like usability things to asking Cha GPT about it. But even that, even though they have like, they've scraped the entire internet to train it. And so it's got the answer in there somewhere. It just doesn't know it. So it's like I have to lead it towards the answer. And even when I'm asking like, okay, what's some menu? And it'll say like, ah, go to preferences open the network sharing center. And I open preferences. There's nothing named that. Yes. And I have to guess what it thinks it's talking about. Did did you mean like add-ons? Did you mean did you mean that And? it is like, yes. Add-ons. Yes. Yes. Well That's fun. Yeah. No it's not. But the computers work. The computers work. And my eBay, my eBay scrounging actually did pay off.


I, I, I got a lot of these computer parts at a steep discount. Still expensive, but only one of the CPUs I bought has failed. And then, I mean, there's no hope of getting a return at all. Ever. so I, that's a loss. But for the discount I've had across the board, it's, it's been pretty crazy. Nice. I, I guess, I guess that's it. Mark did really well in small talk today. I mean, you both did well, but Mark did better. But I talked about food. My Favorite thing, everybody loves food. Just a little. Eh, you know, mark never talks about tech problems or render farms. Never. This was a very interesting conversation that no one's ever had before. And I'm not at all biased in favor of things that I like. That's good. It's true. He is very fair and handsome.


I'm Gonna give out some fair points. Ooh. And a handsome point, Paul. Okay, well Don't suck up. That's just obvious. Like Minecraft damage. Ooh, oof.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Well, you know, Rocket Money, it will also send you an alert if like one of your bills increases in price. Yeah. We'd started up its own website called Lonely Fans. Just me there. This is Look, Rocket Money has over 5 million users, has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Distractible. That's ROC KT MONE y.com/d I-S-T-A-C-T-I-B-L-E Rocket Money dot com slash distractable.


This episode is brought to you by Skinny Pop Popcorn. Perfectly popped. Endlessly delicious. Oh, so light and crunchy. Skinny pop Original popcorn is the snack you've been searching for. Made with just three simple ingredients. Popcorn kernel, sunflower oil, and salt snacking. Never felt or tasted so good. Perfectly popped. Endlessly delicious. Give yourself permission to snack and pick up skinny Pop original Popcorn today.


Anyway. I have a game. I have been, apparently word games is what I'm into now. So we're playing another word game everybody. Woo. I did one of those. I'm down. The game itself is fairly simple, so I'm hoping there's gonna be a lot of discussion. I basically, the burden's on you guys to make this episode work. I'm ready. It's Normal. But the game is, you only have to come up with one word at a time. Basically. You could, you could come up with more. But I have a bunch of phrases that are in the vein of I like my women. Like I like my coffee strong or whatever. Right. There's this, that's the structure. I like my blank. Like I like my blank.


Okay. And then it's a competition between you guys to see who can come up with the best response. That completes the saying And. it can be funny or it can be accurate. It could be scary. Everything's on the table. But where it's gonna be like a back and forth where it's like we can talk about it. You can help each other if you want, but there's gonna be one final answer for each one. That's like the winning answer. But it's Easy. Do we need to keep track of any of these words? No. Got it all up here. Maybe. Yeah. This is not 20 easy questions. Don't worry. Bonus point. Oh, I can't remember the question. I have the bonus point. What was that treaty? Remember the treaty? We talked about it a bunch.


It was real funny. Oh God. What was that treaty? One of you guys can remember What street to West Failure. There you go. Mark wins a bonus point. Ah, I thought it was Winnebago. Bob, give me one. I got it. I got it. The wall. Whose wall? What wall? Adrian. Thank you Adrian. That was for me. That was a tossup. Oh, Adrian. Wade gets the point, I guess. Aw man. Thanks Mark. For cheating for me. Haggard's Wall. Eureka's Castle. What Was castle? One of Them? No, what element is punk? I think that was it. I know it's No Mark.


It's the tungsten point. That's fair. Yes, that's fair. Oh shit. Wait, I feel like you might just wanna quit this game while you're ahead. I Don't, I'm not ahead. But yeah, let's quit. Well Start off. Easy question mark. I like my coffee. Like I like my vacations. Mark, you go for Wade. You go first. Out of fairness, since he got his ass beat at the trivia questions just now. Wade, you go first. Hot and steamy. Hot and steamy. Vacation is good. Like tropical island. I see that. Or sexual either way. Sure. Oh yeah. Sexual coffee. I like my coffee. Like I like my vacations for work because I don't like Vacations.


So what? It's a working vacation where you don't actually, they get you just working. Red flag. Anyone? Red flag. I don't like vacations because it make you swipe. Bye-Bye. Wait, it's go again. Okay. You like your coffee, like you like your vacations. Can you beat for work? Dripping like a good moist vacation? I got one. Okay. I like my coffee. Like I like my vacations. Full cream. Oh, imagine it. Imagine it. Imagine it. What kinda work are you doing on this vacation Cream? Is it whipped or un whipped cream? That's for me to know and you to find out.


Alright Wade, please don't let cream win. I like My coffee. Like I like my vacations. No cup. This is good hands. You're in the McDonald's drive. They're like, no, I know about the lawsuit in the hands. In the hands. What? Anyway, mark Cream wins. No. Yay. Come on. No cupped. It made everyone Laugh. It was, you know what that does? It depends what the measuring stick is. I'm biased for Mark though. So when the measuring stick is shorter for him, which is appropriate. Damn. I like my books.


Like I like my desserts. Marcos first. I like my books. Like I like my desserts with words on it. Sure. Okay. Okay. Pretty literal, huh? Like how you Know? Cake. Happy birthday, Mark. Oh, I see, I got you. Sure. Yeah. Wait, Wade, I like my books. Like, I like my desserts thick. Ah yeah. All, right? I like my books like I like my desserts. Pumpkin pie.


So You know what I'm Talking about? Two things sitting in front of mark with signs. One says books, one says dessert. It is just two pumpkin pies cut to mark in his dorm in college holding a pumpkin pie. Just like, Hmm. Professor, who page are we on? I feel pretty good about that one. Well if you think you could match that, Wayne, wait, that beat thick. What is the fucking Measuring? No, no, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right. Thick. Wind thick. If I knew gibberish was the answer. Have you never been in an episode where I've been in charge? That's why I'm trying to reign you in.


I would never try to control you, Bob. I would. Yeah. I'm like a wild stallion. You're not gonna break me Wade. I like my music like, I like my weather Sloppy. That wasn't the word I thought of in my brain. That's what my mouth said. Sloppy. It is sloppy. It is. I like that. Whatever that tone of voice you just got out though. You should use that more often though. Thanks Mark. I like my music. Like, I like my weather. Devastating. That's right. That's right. That's right. You get devastating music. No, I like it. That's good. Yeah, I, I like intense weather. You don't, you don't just want a nice thunderstorm and you can watch.


You want tornadoes left and right. It's Lit. It's literally me listening. I listen to from Frost Punk, the City Must Survive, which is like the last song when the, the storm's rolling in. So it's like, I really like that song And. it is. It is like devastation. It's awesome. True story. True story. Good one. Good one Wade. I like my music like, I like my weather. Heartly cloudy with a chance of heavy metal. He's so Self-assured. It's hard not to just take your answer at face value when you say it like that. Anyway. Devastating winds. Oh okay. Ah, man. I mean, yay. But I was just like, oh, we can go more.


You Could go more if you want. No, no, no. I'm ready. I'm ready. You don't have to take the Point. No, I take it. Yeah. Mark gives the point back. Let's keep going. All, right? I like my music. Like, I like my weather in The arms of the angels. Sarah McLaughlin because it's raining cats and dog. Yes. See you got it. See it's a multi-layer. Yes. I can see why you wanted to keep going. Mark, you had that one locked and loaded. Wait, go on. Sorry I cut you off. I like my music like I like my weather.


You need more lower lip bite if I'm gonna believe that one. Oh, I was like, oh, lower teeth need to bite lip. Man, that's gonna be clipped forever. You know That's gonna be forever. Yeah, I remember back when we were a village tavern, you know you had those supermodels coming out. You go My single face.


I've not worn that in 12 years. My Single face. I don't even remember what you said, but good luck Mark. I like my music. That's it. A bold take. Wade wins. Oh, here's a good one. I was excited to hear what you guys got for this one. I like my pets. Like I like my friends. Google's first Probably me. I, I think it's me. I like my pets like, I like my friends happy. Aw. I like my pets. Like I like my friends. Shaved. Phew. What? Fuck. Keep it going man. You're up.


I like my pets like I like my friends. Long Lived. Oh, I like my pets. Like I like my friends on a leash. Let's keep this going for a while man. I'm feeling good about this one. I like my pets. Like I like my friends. I bought them. We're here still here man. Ready for our next payment. Not you guys. Not you guys. No Other friends. Other friends. Got it. I like my pets like I like my friends. Caged. Okay, let's see where Wade's mind is at. Yeah, All. right. Okay. All. Right. Beat that. I like my pets like, I like my friends Alive.


Geez. It's true. I like my pets. Like I like my friends. Cuddling me on the couch. Last time we watched Bengals game together. It was nice. Snuggled up Except for the football. Holy fuck. Am I tired of that? Yeah, it hasn't gotten much better Has it? But the cuddles mark, I like my pets. Like I like my friends flying. Is that why you have so many birds? Oh that explains that And explains Chica hovering six feet off the ground. I like my pets like I like my friends. Pooping outside.


Is that your answer? That's like my friends ominous breathing. I got nothing. All. right. Well that was pooping outside is a good one. That's a good one, Wade. Excellent work. Let's harken back to the, where this phrase came from. I like my coffee. Like I like my internet. Weight goes first. Oh, I like my coffee. Like, I like my internet with Java. Okay. Yeah. No, I mean it's good. I gotta start a low build. I like My coffee, like I like my internet as fast as possible. Sure, sure. Okay, well fuck you. No, Well I, that wasn't a sarcastic shirt. That's alright. That was a No, I love you.


He knows his ance. I like my coffee. Like I like my internet accessible everywhere. I like my coffee. Like I like my internet without everyone else getting in it. That's Just called a lan. I was more like, you know, secure. Oh, I like my coffee. Like I like my internet cream. Hold on. That's my brain. I had an idea left. So your answer is just cream. Yeah. Got it. Okay. I'm gonna say Mark takes that one. Okay. Can't argue with it. I like, I, I like my wardrobe.


Like I like my dreams. Marcos first, I like my wardrobes like I like my dreams naked. I like how my wardrobes like I like of my dreams. Softening. Good. Call Back. Good call back. Alright, lemme Okay. Sidebar. My wardrobe is in shambles. I haven't bought a new pair of pants in so long. I've worn holes in all of them. I thought we solved the pants issue. No, this Was months ago. We talked about your pants problems. I have run out of socks. I'm down to two pairs of underwear that I wash. Three. Let's just say I have more than two so people don't accost Me. I think it's a little late to say that now.


Put two, two. Make it sound like I said 22. I'm down to two. Two pairs of underwear. Two. Two underwear. I like my Wardrobe like I like my dreams. Imaginary because I don't have, You have so, so underwear only tutu Only two. Two always interpret that I like my wardrobe. Like I like my dreams under my control. Surprisingly ominous. But I like it. I like my wardrobe. Like I like my dreams picked out by someone else. That would be cool if there was like a service that could do that for your dreams. I'm just gonna throw it out there. That'd be pretty Cool. I dunno if I'd want someone else picking my dreams for me. I think I'd like to pick them. I'll Pick your dreams.


You trust me, right? No Mark's giving you so many nightmares. Don't I? Wouldn't I like my wardrobe like I like my dreams full of wood. What? Yeah Sure. I'll still go with it. Like wooden dreams don't you? Are you talking about like sex dreams or, or I Dunno. Lots of wood. It could be your wood mark your turn. That was a good one. Oh you're right. I Like my wardrobe like, I like my dreams sexy. That's kinda like what Wade said. Only it makes more sense. Yeah. See Wade Ha wood. No, Don't worry. I got a winner here. I like my wardrobe. Like, I like my dreams complete. It's a complete dream. Like it doesn't get interrupted. Like you get to finish the dream.


Like you know when you wake up and you lost the dream, you try to get back to it. You, you get the whole dream. No. Okay, I see what you're getting at. I would say Mark wins that one. Ah, I don't remember what you said Mark. I'm gonna be honest. Complete. No, I said complete. You said sexy. Sexy. That's right. Wait. Said wood. That was, That was two rounds ago. We don't have to worry about wood. We have complete and sexy is the current line. But that's cool to the wood I guess.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day. Not everyone gets b2b but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


Skincare. Innovation. Instant results from Korea. That's the power of Dr. Jart. This holiday discover limited edition value sets that turn up skins glow and more. Give instant skincare hits with Dr. Jart. Shop. The Dr. Jart holiday gift sets now at Sephora.


I gotta be honest, I'm reading a lot of the stuff I have written here and I don't care for it. I feel like I'm running down to the end. I thought I had some good ones. I'm literally skipping over like 20 of these that I think are garbage now. Trying to find, I'm trying to find a banger. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence. Who first? Wait first. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence with a condom. That's good. Always Be safe Section first. I like my wallet like I like my confidence. 100% secure. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence. Rich, you stole mine. He stole mine. No, I got it better. I'll do it his but bear. I like my wallet like I like my confidence stuffed with money.


That was, I was gonna say are you counting it? are you discount it? It sounds like you're discounting it. I'm considering it. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence with me at all times. And You said secure. Oh okay. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence. Immune to criticism from people I thought were my friends. It's not really a criticism, it's more of a judgment. Oh I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence where you can't see it. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence. Hi. She just, What did you say? High confidence. High wallet. High wallet.


I think you might have preferred better if you just let Mark keep spiraling. I, I Like my wallet like I like my confidence. My ass. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence. One from a carnival game. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence. Dead and buried. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence somewhere over the rainbow. I like my wallet. Like I like my confidence torn apart by the woman. I love Like my wallet, like I like my confidence. Washed again because I forgot to empty the pair of pants. I like my wallet. Like I like my wallet. Wallet, wallet.


Wallet. Leather, leather. Confidence is the other word. I think that's enough for me to make a judgment. I Got more. No I don't. You were way ahead Wade. I'm gonna be honest. You were way in front until you started opening your mouth more. Come on. Torn apart by the woman I love was a great one. I know. If you had just stopped there, imagine how well you might have done. I did. Oh you did. Okay. Wade wins that one. Thank you. Mark May have got several bonus points along the way, but That's okay. I'll take the win. Wins are worth more than bonus points. I Honestly, I'm trying to think of one more. I can't think of one more. I not think of. But I had, the stuff I have written is shit guys, this shit what I have shit here.


No, this page I've typed out full of shit for the ending one. I would like each of you to try and come up with a good combo. And then I would like us all to try and come up. So like Mark, you come up with an, I like my, like I like my and Wade, you come up with an I like my, like I like my, now be the grand finale. We'll see. We'll see which one wins or something. Just points. I like my women like I like my natural disasters. Fiery and explosive. Fuck it should kill me. Does editors kill me? I dunno if that's better than mine or not. I like my cheese.


Like I like my wife. Stringing. No dripping. Dripping. Not stringing, Stringing, dripping. I like my credit card. Like I like my potato salad full of mayonnaise. I like my toilet paper. Like I like my plungers next to each other. I like my, I like my shoes. Like I like my employees broken in. I like my salad. Like, I like my debt all gone. I like my phone like I like Steve Jobs. Wishing it was still alive. I, he, I like my plumbing like I like my driveway fixed.


I I'm gonna cut you off there Jim. I like the center Of the Earth. Like I like the large Hadron Collider. Spinning. I like space. Like I like the ocean. I like lightning. Like I like thunder. One after the other. I forget the objective we're going for. I like cars. Like I like people Rolling Park. I think we lost the plot. I think Wade forgets the objective even more than you did Mark. so I like House, like I like tv. All, Right? I that's enough. Stop, warm. Stop. Stop. That's the end. That's it. I'm very sorry that I put us through this but also it was pretty funny and good job all around.


I'm gonna read the points and the person whose name I read first is the Loser Mark. You got points for best Mc Triple. No, not that Smorgasburg. Look at all this Guam. Handsome point. Treaty of Westphalia Tungsten full of cream devastation without everyone in it. Only two. Two up my ass and kill me. Fucking kill me For a total of 13 points. And Wade, you earned points for best but spelled correctly if it's an Italian word.


Italian drunk wine hole. What? Ah, I, there's a lot of whatever you did at that restaurant made a lot of points. You got a fairness point, you got a Hadrian's wall point, you got a red flag for Mark Point. No cup in, no just no cup. Thick lower lip bite point. Also you won the funky point. Pooping outside, torn apart by a woman and stringy wife for a total of 12 points. And. it turns out I just straight up lied because that means Mark is the winner. Yes, yes you Lies. Turns out if you just lie completely, you can surprise everyone all at once.


But I win every episode. I'm not hosting. Well that's just not true. Yeah, no. Mark gets 13 points and Wade gets 12 points. I do have a lot of things written down for Wade that I feel like, hey, I forgot to give points for. I dunno, I'm not gonna double check my work. Who cares. Mark, congratulations. You really earned this one. And Wade, congratulations. You really earned this one loser speech first Wade, Despite the implication of, I really earned this one, I feel like it was a hard fought battle. I feel like Mark and I really elevated our games. We were battling at the highest of points. I like these episodes. Like I like my chicken. Well done. If We were still giving out points that would've been worth enough points for you to steal the win from Mark, Great.


Can we, It wasn't though, so, okay, just calm down. Mark. Winter speech. I like my winter speech. Like I like this is hard. It's hard. I don't know how to do it. Half the time I lost To this, I didn't. I know because all I wanna do is say logical things and I know it's not supposed to be logical. I don't know how I won this episode. I don't, I didn't. I don't remember a thing that was occurring when it was happening. There were a lot of tirades that I helped you. I think I, I blacked out and my subconscious took over and that wasn't me. Therefore, anything that I said was that was supremely embarrassing is excuse. 'cause that wasn't Me. We need to revisit the cringe episode after this one.


But hey, I'll take credit for my subconscious stooping in to Lowe's. I could never bring myself to. So thank you me. You're welcome. Me Well put you. Congratulations to everyone, especially Mark. I Like my friends. Like I like my pets submissive. Yeah, that was the correct answer. I'm not gonna lie. That one, that one was one of the few where I, there was a correct answer and we didn't get to it. I mean on a leash is pretty good. Yeah, on a leash. But submissive is more succinct. It's a good word. Anyway, mark wins, which means you'll be hosting the next one. Hooray. Make sure you check out all of us at our channels Markly, Lord Man. 7 7 7 Meer merch Distractible store.com.


It's out there. Make sure you follow the podcast. If you follow it then you'll get notifications and you'll never miss an episode. They come out Mondays and Fridays. But somehow you still miss it sometimes. And yes talking to you. 'cause we can tell when listeners don't come back and listen to the new episodes. We're Like the Santa of podcast. Is that a fat joke? No. We see them when they're not watching. We know when they're awake and we know when they've been viewing or not. So watch Distractible for fuck's sake. You know it's a Classic song. Anyway, that's the end of the episode. Mark will host the next one. I am outta here podcast out.