
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny Drinks Root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, there you go. Drink mug root beer if you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractable. This episode warranted Wade. Can't guess. His walkways penalizes himself heavily. I was an Afro Samurai malfunctioning. Mark is utterly engorged craps on Wade content and prefers pickles with cream butchering. Barb Berates, his buddy Gentrifies zombies frightens morning folk and bans Wade from self dressing from Bity mug. Time to lens traps. Yes, it's time for Wade's Secret words, part two. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Greetings, welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host, Wade and well, as you can tell, I must have won the last episode because I'm here hosting today. And as such, the way this show works is I'll be hosting an episode where Mark and Bob, Hey boys. Hello. Hi. Is that who? We'll Be competing for points based on a topic or topics or whatever. I've come up with


Editors. Cut to me. You have to because I'm drinking today's sponsor's drink. I also needed a refreshing No, No. Keep it on me. Keep it on me. Oh, But look at this. But I'm drinking zero sugar mug Root beer different than those guys. Keep It on me. I got that dog in me. Mark also has the world's smallest can Wade. I have way more dog in me. Is the dog worth points? I have so many dogs in me. Wade. I submerged myself in a vat of human growth hormone. My see my head is touching the ceiling. I have. Wow. That's why the can looks so small in your hand. Your body finally matches your deep, deep voice. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you very much.


Okay. Elvis Lyer. Thank you. Hello everybody. Hey. Hello everybody. I wish I could do what I did in my youth. I can't believe your voice used to be so squeaky. That's wild. That's wild. I think his impression gets higher and higher each time. He Does. Hello everybody. Hello everybody. Ha Ha. Ah. The good old days. Sounds like shy Ronnie. You guys remember Shy Ronnie? It's an SNL skit. Where? What's his name? Adam Sandberg plays shy. Ronnie and Rihanna like comes in singing a song and she's like, take it Ronnie. And he is like, Ronnie. Yeah. Speak up. Nobody can hear you. That was a funny, yeah, That was a funny bit.


Anyway, how's it going? Small talk. Good. I don't feel like it. I'm going good. It's going good. I used, I used the hot tub last night. Remember the tub where we all soaked in together in the boat? Fully Dressed in the hot sun. Yeah. No, I put a swimsuit on last night. It's way better in a swimsuit. Oh yeah. No, I've been learning, I've been learning about hot tubs. I was Also in a hot tub last night, just coincidentally. Wow. Wade? No, I was driving the loop that goes around Cincinnati. Just on repeat. He doesn't have a car. This is a lie. Yeah, that's a made up story. I Don't have a car. I don't have a hot tub. I had to steal a car to drive a bunch Mark. Why? Why were you in a hot tub?


You don't have one of those, do you? Yeah, I Do. I just don't talk about it much. No, that's right. I know that. 'cause I've been to where that Is. Yeah, me too. I I was invited to the hot tub. I Was there With you. Not in the hot tub. Have you Both been Here? I've been to your house. When? Unless you moved again. When did that occur? In October of 2022. I drove, I drove down from the Bay Area. Wade. Molly flew out. We hung out. We did a Oh Yeah, of course, of course. We went to Inn Out. That's right. We did a live stream from the corridor studio. We Went to Inn Out. What you remember, We went to Inn Out. Well, we went to, we did. That's true. It's true. It's true. Then we tried to play that board game that took like 10 years to get through the instruction. We gave up, We went to the Talented People's Place to record.


They did all the cool talented stuff. Yeah, they're Very talented. I don't know who you're digging at. Mark's Former employer. Yes. Their names are him. I said it out loud already in this recording, so didn't hear You. Minus a point to me. Well, Wade, what's their name? Tim And Eric. Hallway Analog. Is That true? That's almost true. That Was a hint. What, what are those words related to? Aisle prologue. What else could you call a hallway? Another name for hallways. Aisle. Aisle prologue. No, not aisle. That's not really a hallway Aisle. What's the opposite of analog Aisle relapse? I'm sorry. Okay.


Where's your relapse clock? Wade. You've got an analog clock and a relapse clock. Oh, digital. Digital. Yeah. Digital Path. Digital was second in the Hint path. Digital. Wait, Wait. Stop focusing on the words. Remember in your mind who you're trying to guess to YouTube channel. Right. I'm confused at what, what part of this he doesn't remember or if it's just everything I, I mean, I remember meeting people. They were very nice and I remember seeing some of their videos that were really well done. Really cool. Watch tons of their videos before. Yep. Mechanical, digital. What does that have to do with a hallway? What would you call a hallway if you were in Old England, a Privy route? Goddammit, Bob, you, you, you stood up in front of the whole world and named this man the winner.


You, you looked him in the eye and said You are the most fit to lead this podcast. Privy Root Gener. Privy Root Digital. I'm not even gonna tell you the correct answer. I just want you to stew in the fact that you, I literally spoonfed it to you and you still aren't Hallway. Okay. Hallway in Old England. Oh. Perhaps in medieval times or per, what might a British person in general call a hallway? Hallway. Oh, Don't try too hard. You wanna turn those five other brain cells you got in there? Yeah. You really giving it to me? I deserve this. It starts with a CCO. Oh, Sound It Out.


RCOR Or door digital. Yeah. No, there's not even any celebration afterwards. There's nothing to celebrate. Really. I will take away two more points from me, man. He's really good. Have you thought you couldn't lose today? I man, I, you know, I'm losing. What were we talking about? Mark's hot tub. Yeah. Mark's being at Mark's place. Hanging out with Mark you we Recorded there And my hot tub. Mark. Great. Small talk. Thank you. Oh, Bob, did you do anything? Oh, Well, you know, I'm trying to build this render farm in my garage. I got solar panels on my roof that are hooked into the dirt. Oh.


Turns out that's not how you harvest electricity from 'em. And I bought all these car parts online from China when turns out car parts isn't what you need to make server Racks though. I, I knew it would be confusing for people, but there were some people on the subreddit that really did not understand the concept of a room temperature, phase change, room temperature, ice, like really didn't, didn't check. But the box for people. And I'm not saying like they're dumb, but it's, it's just a very strange concept. It's a weird concept and how that would help. And there were some people that were trying to help out, but other people were just like, How that Works. It's not, it would just make it warmer. And I'm like, yes. Well, yes, but the, I mean if it's ice but the same temperature, is it really cooling?


Yes. Because electronics don't operate at room temperature. Otherwise this wouldn't be an issue that would be talked about. So you're saying the computer gets hotter but the ice stays room temperature, which is cooler than hotter. No, actually, but almost. Okay. Maybe I don't get it either. But you know what? I like it when you all talk. Wait, thanks for playing the role of the subreddit in this role play. Hey, I'm happy to do it. I know you are smarter than you're letting on. Don't worry. I'm Here to represent the layman. Wait, Listen. When ice becomes not ice takes a lot of energy for that to happen. But in the interim, it stay, It gets wet, It melts, but it takes a while.


And so long as there's ice, it stays at the temperature that ice freezes at. Okay. And what temperature is that? I'm with you. 32 Fahrenheit. Zero Celsius. Absolute zero plus a few degrees. A few. You're right, you're right. So if you just move that needle, so you got your stake in the ground at 32 F zero C and you just move it up to 68. Yes. That's it. You got It. He understands perfectly. Don't talk about it anymore. We know. You understand Now you've got warm ice. Keep it locked inside. I guess 68 isn't really it. It's warm ish. It's warmer than 32. Is 68. Cool. Relative to electronics that operate anywhere from 80 to a hundred and whatever degrees Fahrenheit.


68 sounds great for a computer. Oh yeah, I bet that's very cold. It's Kind of the ideal temperature. And 69 sounds great for me. The ideal position, the Scientifically proven to be the ideal position for something. Great. You know what, you both have just crushed this. I'm gonna take another point away from me and you both just get a hundred points each. Oh, All. right. We have been investing our points here Distractible into stocks and bonds and we are just swimming in them. So I'm gonna start giving some more. You both have a hundred points. Whoa. What's the, what's the conversion rate? I have negative four. You have a hundred. That's not a conversion. Oh, okay. Well one point equals one point and you have a hundred of them.


How many points equals one? Ethereum. That's what I need to know. That'll clarify it. Is that what you farm for with people's hard drives? It's Clo. You're weirdly close. I'm pretty sure Ethereum is where Vikings go when they die. That's what they say in Old England. et That's it. That's it. He finally got there. Corridor man, I would've never guessed corridor and hallway. But corridor is just not a word I think of anyway. You would never guess corridor and hallway. Thus our synonyms. I agree. But corridor is just not a word that comes to my brain. All. right? This is totally unrelated to anything that we've talked about thus far. I just wanted to tell you guys the existence of something that is captivating to me. I'm going to sip this.


Some people are all about like, you know, keeping gold just in case the world explodes and then money's meaningless. But then the gold will be, that'll mean that's worth something. Everybody knows this. However, there is one shiny thing that I'm, I was looking at. It's a 10 kilogram coin of silver. That's a lot of silver. It's, it's 10 kilograms. Jesus Christ. I forget what the price, it was ridiculous. It was like thousands of dollars. But it was just like, the fact that it was a 10 kilogram, like a dumbbell sized plate of silk, not a dumbbell, like a weight plate that that's heavy of. It's very heavy of just pure.


I, I just couldn't even imagine what 10 kilogram coin would even look like. I want it so badly. How much is it? I was trying to look up the price of it's $13,000. God damn. You should, you should get it and just use it in your weight room. Like get a, get a handle. Get a handle put on it like it's a kettlebell and just like, Ugh. Mark, you have an opportunity. Turn your render farm into a giant arcade cabinet. In order to play you have to insert the 10 kilogram silver coin. Oh man. The, it's, it's so funny because this is hearkening back to like those rocks, whatever the people did that used them as currency or still, do you know the giant rocks that are immovable That you scribe your, scribe your data onto?


Yeah, well you just say who owns it and it's like, that's my rock. I'll trade you my rock for a bunch of food. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. So it just reminds me of that. That's fucking 10 kilogram going. So can you imagine going to buy a car and you're like here and you just set that down. You got, you go to a CarMax, you're like, I need a a 2021 Toyota Camry base model. This 10 kilograms of silver is approximately worth one. One Camry. It's probably not, but whatever. How much does it weigh? That was a dumb question. Let's move on. I'm gonna take away another point.


I'm struggling today. Wait, wait, no wait. It's onto something. Wait, it's onto something. What? What's in there? What's inside of it? Inside of the silver? Yeah. What's it? What's it weigh and what's inside of it? How is it so heavy? That's what we need to know. Oh man. It's a mystery. What if you Unwrap the silver and it's just chocolate? Oh yeah. What color is it though? Because it's really important what color it is. You want it to look cool. Okay Bob, you don't have to kill me. I'm already dead. What rank is it in Overwatch Platinum. Plat three actually. Surprisingly enough. Yeah. Weird. Huh? Wait, can this is either gonna expose a horrendous ignorance on my part or I'm a genius.


Am I missing something or is it just as asinine to think that precious metals like silver and gold will have value post currency as it is to expect currency to have value? Like assuming there's a world ending event. Some crazy shit happens. Why does a hunk of metal have value in that world? Am I stupid? I just don't. It doesn't because, because a lot of people be like, well it's actually some of the humans will always put value in. It's say no gold is a luxury good if once society starts to build up and there can be commerce and stuff like that. Sure. But if it is an apocalyptic scenario that gold is gonna be worth as much as a paperweight because it, it's a luxury good in commodities.


It's not even a good metal. You can't make anything out of gold. I mean it's conductive. Ever hear of chains or rings? You don't want golden chains. It's too Soft. It's a really shitty metal. It's a one of the shittiest. It's just shitty. Yeah, but you stand out. No, you would, you would have the best looking prisoners of war on in the apocalypse. I guess if you had gold chains for your prisoners. Yes. What kinda apocalypse? What kind you want? We got all kinds Zombie. Yeah, we got uprising. Yeah. Like what if you give all the zombies gold chains so you know they're Dead. That would be quite the marker. It would make it risky to wear other jewelry if you're an alive human.


Yeah. You gotta be careful. You run the risk of making these zombies hot. They can start to really, you know, gussy up afterwards they get the gold chain and they're like, Ooh Hey. Maybe if you give them gold chains 'cause it's a luxury item. You give them gold pieces. Maybe they'll, instead of trying to eat so many brains, they'll focus on zombie society. 'cause then some of them will have gold and some of them will want gold. Then They'll get ritzy enough to want kombucha and avocado toast instead of brains. The we make bucha. Ava zobo toast Zo avocado toast. Damn it. It was right there. Any other small talk? That Was small talk. That was all small talk. That's what I did yesterday.


Mark, what do you think we're talking about? You bought 10 kilograms of some unknown metal and I, I can't wait for the subreddit post. I can't believe Mark bought 10 kilograms coin of silver. What? No, It's how you turn on the render farm. You have to put it in the slot. It's coin operated. It's very expensive. Oh Yeah, they got me and you Pull a big lever and then you render. That'd be great if I could set it up That way. I'd like to render a ball floating in water. Cha Kunk. Jerry. Jerry. Oh bar. But don't be crashed. Fuck


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talking text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details.


All right. We have a series of things to discuss. Let's start with something just kind of fun. This is not a necessary topic. I wanna point that out. I just thought of it and I liked it. so I wrote it down, what are the best snacks to eat while drinking root beer? so I was thinking about it and I was like, man, I could go for some like popcorn and root beer. And I think that's because sometimes when I go to the theaters it's like that's what I get is like a root beer and popcorn. So like I think about those two things being paired. We're not doing root beer specific, I just think 'cause we're actually drinking it. But snacks and drinks that like pair well. Mm. so I. I think root beer and popcorn in my brain is like good. But I think that might be because at theaters you get popcorn and I generally am not a pretzel fan.


Like little, little crunchy pretzels, they're fine. But I would not choose those. But specifically because root beer has a lot of like creamy flavors, sort of, it has like almost like a, like a creamy ice, creamy flavor to me. It goes super well with stuff that's just sort of salty and kind of dry. And so pretzels and root beer and popcorn I get too. But I would never, I would almost never eat pretzels normally. But like I kind of crave that a little, I guess. Do You think we equivalate Equivalate? Is that what Popcorn or salty things and root beer or the root beer. Ice cream thing you were saying because like root beer floats are a thing. Or do you think it actually is just like That? That may be My brain mark.


Say something before I say something else Dumb. I don't have any points left to lose. Mark makes some equivalencies. I'm Gonna equivalate. I don't know. Okay. I haven't, I don't know. What a weird question. Wait, what? What? Don't You have that dog in you? Is this just, is this just the sponsor? Is this your whole Subject? Is this the sponsor? are you a sellout? are you a shill? are you a shill? I mean, I'm a shill. But are you Shilling? There is nowhere where this was required by anything. I just thought of it. And We just are drinking root beer. He's, he did this of his own free mark. I feel like you're just, every time Wade hosts now the, the theme of the day is Mark just shits all over Wade's topic I feel like is where we are. No, that's Wade's Theme.


No, but it's you. You're doing it. He Shadow on Erol. He didn't even say it once. He said ber saw once. He didn't say it once because He can't mark. He Can't. You're right. He's too stupid for that. So Mark, you got nothing. Nothing. I got nothing. I got nothing. And, and in really in reality I got nothing. 'cause it's like I look at the soda as like, it's kind of a snack by itself, which is weird to say, but if I go to the theater, sure. But that's just usually 'cause it's the only option. But I, I typically get a bottle of water. This guy, well I have another drink that, that requires a specific thing to me. Milk. I, I like milk. Milk is fine but I, if, if I have a glass of milk for some reason, if I have to drink one it usually goes the other way.


But if I have one, I better have some graham crackers in my hand. Interesting. Because graham crackers dipped in milk is just like top tier flavor combination. Do you think a cake or cookies or brownies? I always want milk with those. Sometimes I want milk with ice cream. Is that weird to have that much berry? You want milk with ice cream? Sometimes I do. Yeah. God dang. That's called a milkshake. You just mix it all together As a kid. My dad always got the, the five quart tub of ice cream. Not just a gallon tub. Five quartz, right? Yeah. so I would, every night, every night I would scoop out a whole bowl, chocolate syrup all over, finish the bowl, grab a pickle outta the fridge. What in the, that's not where I thought that was going.


I don't know why I would eat the ice cream and I'd be like, you know what, that would be good to wash that down with pickle. Wouldn't want to enjoy a good flavor for too long. Gotta clear my mouth out of all this chocolate and ice cream. Oh, Interesting, interesting. Okay. That's just what I did. My dad looked at me very strangely every time. So I'm not saying it's the right move. That's just what I did. Well No wonder you don't know what to pair with ruper if you're pairing ice cream and pickles. Now I'm honestly cu I'm honestly curious about that now. But I don't know What it was like instinctive. Right. I was like, oh man, I, and I think that's probably why I like salted caramel 'cause like because it Tastes like pickles because Salty. Salty. I like salty things. I'm a salty guy. I still have nightmares about, we, we used to go to like Cheesecake Factory and you would take a piece of bread and put a huge thing butter on it and then drown that motherfucker in some salt.


I like salt I, I'm not a low sodium person. But that was watching you eat that I was like oh ooh that's a lot. Ugh. My blood pressure is perfect. All my vitals are perfect. And I'm not saying that there's this a big conspiracy myth about like, you know, in too much salt. But I'm saying like I eat a ton of salt. I'm very healthy. Extremely healthy. Actually the healthiest. Hmm. You know it's actually interesting. I don't know any of the science behind, this is basically a conspiracy theory, but the, there are developing research and developing theories about salt affecting your blood pressure. Not because of the salt itself but because salt affects your body's water retention rate and how much like fluid you're holding and carrying in your systems and stuff.


Or they're working on research to prove that lowering your sodium intake doesn't necessarily even fix high blood pressure if you just, if you're a person who has that. Because it depends entirely on what is causing that And. it might not be the amount of sodium 'cause it might not have as much to do with how much water you're retaining. It might have to do with other functions in the body. So salt still is connected to blood pressure. Maybe. Maybe we've been lying to, you know, Fools. Maybe they're hiding the truth, man. Yeah, exactly man. Well Bob, thank you for participating in that one. Mark, you were here. I guess we'll move on to the next topic. Best hair. Remember our first episode? Hair two. What is the best hair? Where's he going with this? One of your hairdos.


What's he going with? This An Afro. He's up to something Bob. He's up to something. Yeah, obviously isn't that good? Isn't that the idea? But if I, I, if I guess it before we get there, I get points, right? You've already Got a hundred man, you're getting kind of greedy. Whatever you're trying to figure out, you might get something. The best hair is yours. Back when you used to have it, you had such a Fro. I did have a fro tragedy. I can't believe it's gone anyway. I dunno. Mark, what's your favorite? What's the best hair mark? I've, I have no idea honestly. Play The game. Yeah, you know this game. Mark, you know what's going on. You could say your own hair. It's okay. We won't blame you. I don't Think it is a pain in the ass all the time. I can't wait to cut it. Mine Is not.


Yeah, I mean bald has its conveniences but I don't know if that qualifies as a hairstyle. What's Your hairstyle? Bald? No. What's your hairstyle? Ball? I said hairstyle. Oh Man. Bull cut. Easy to implement. Classic. Always gets a laugh. People Saw the Beatles walk by. They was like, Look at Ringo. Did they have bowl cuts? Didn't They at one point? Am I crazy? That was a Bowl cut. They had long hair but it wasn't really like a bowl cut. Isn't a bowl cut where there's like one line that goes all the way around? That's that's And the rest of it is like buzz. Real short. I guess they technically called it a mop top. I don't know. But it looked pretty bowl cutty to me.


Anyway. Okay. Bowl cut. Bob, what's your hair? I choose Wade's old hair. Oh, Afro Wade fro Wade fro and bull cut. Let us talk for a moment about cars. Guys. I still don't have one. I Know about cars. I know a little about cars. I've got a friend who works at a car place. I'm gonna go look at them here soon. I just have to actually find a fucking day off. Which has been really difficult. Says the man who just got back from vacation. Well that, that's, that vacation still even involves not being here to go car shopping. What Are you doing tomorrow? Tomorrow I'm having a lunch that I'm streaming in the early afternoon and then I do d and d on a channel called Lost initiative and d and D starts up. Oh I know what the problem is.


Yeah. 'cause when you, when you wake up at noon, you lose like 50% of the opportunity. The businesses are open. Yeah, but you go to bed before 4:00 AM you miss the peace and quiet of everyone being the fucking sleep and you having some goddamn time to yourself. Between that midnight and 4:00 AM window, you can get That. If you wake up early, you you get that same thing. Oh The annoying ass people are awake and they're like, Hey, good morning. How are you? Oh my God. It's like, shut the fuck up. I'm not a morning person. Just eat my ass and quiet. You talking about Your wife. Who is it? What? Yeah, Who, who are you encountering out in the world in your house? Don't leave your house. Morning people, people that enjoy the morning. You Are not awake at the same time. How would you even know?


Ah, sipping their coffee, hearing the wind in the birds. They're all happy and shit. They're The worst. My morning is spent, even if I get up in the morning, it's spent for like eight hours and then like 5:00 PM hits and it's like, oh thank God. I feel like a person. Finally, I could tell you from experience, nobody fucking talks to me ever. Even if I go out bright and early in the morning, there are no morning people out there haunting my existence. It's just like the rest of the day. Only honestly, it's usually less busy 'cause you know it's the morning. This is About cars, not morning people. Right. Okay. Cars. Four wheels, hood. Windows, Windshield, A shield for the wind seats.


What's Happening? Wheel Or yoke. Whose cars are we? What are we talking about? Cars. Cars. Lightning McQueen. Mader Tow. Mader Doc Hudson. The fabulous Hudson Hornet. Oh, I get it. He towed. I actually didn't get That. That's why he is called Mader. His name is Tow Mader. His first name's Tow. Tow Mader. Really? Yes. Tow Mader. The tow truck. I Just thought his name Was Mader. I mean everyone calls him Mader. Tow Mader. His name is Tow Mader. Is He red? He's he's rust colored. He was originally light blue. His, his paint color was light blue. But now he's mostly rusted except for his hood, which is still light blue.


But he doesn't wear, 'cause he lost it down to Ravine and he found it back once, but then he lost it back down the same ravine. 'cause he sneezed. God damn you. He's got the cars lore. Do you have no idea how many fucking times I've seen the cars movies? Because, because I like them. What do you mean? Because, Okay, well I didn't know. I didn't know if there was a reason. Maybe like, That's cinema, Pure cinema cars, Movies. Good. Okay. Okay. But not cars two for love of God. Cars two is a an abomination. But cars one and cars three. Cinema. Okay. Cinema. Cinema. Speaking of cinema movies coming out this year. Movies Unfamiliar with that. Any movies you guys are excited about that are coming out this year? I mentioned one earlier, it might have been last episode.


Deadpool Wolverine. I guess by the time this comes out, we'll have been out. Hopefully I've seen it by now. I I, I haven't been paying attention to the roster. I've been so busy on mine. I'm excited for the movie to come out of the novelization of the movie. Of the original novel of the Da Vinci Code. Is that coming out this year? You said a lot of words. Yeah, Because there was a, the book inspired the movie, but then the movie inspired a novelization of it. And so there is a novelization of the movie which they're now making into a new movie based off the novelization instead of the original material. Wait, isn't that just the movie that's already out? This is A game of telephone with movies. But then I'll be excited to see when the novelization of the movie about the novelization about the movie based on the book comes out.


'cause then that's more Da Vinci code I get to read. It's like, yeah, it's like telephone. How long as this code? I mean Da Vinci was a smart guy. I don't know. It was a long time ago. Probably goes on and on millions of years or whatever. Whenever that happened. Okay, I won. I won movies continue. Three of us. We could be podcasting forever, but maybe not. I don't really know what the future holds. What are things we could do as a trio after the podcast if we don't do podcast one day? Hotdog Stand Deli. Oh, combo hotdog deli. Whoa. Yeah. Hot dog deli. Kosher hotdog. Kosher deli. Kosher hot dogs. Un kosher deli. Oh, That's a twist. Yeah. So we appease to everybody I Think.


Where did you guys, okay, I I thought this would go one direction. This is a completely different one. I love saying, but that's not what we're talking about. Wade. What if we bought a movie theater? I feel like we tried that and already failed. They say if you don't buy the first theater, you never will. What if there's another theater available right now if we all pitch in? Do you know of one? Yeah, there's, yeah. Oh yeah. Can you send the, can you send me the book? The listing or Yeah, Yeah, sure. Where was it? I thought I, was It the one we talked about? Because that's a long time ago now. No, no, No. Well maybe. Yeah. I don't Know. You know Bob and I talked about one and a week later it was sold and you got all up in my ass about It. Why didn't you tell Mark about it?


That's the rude thing. Yeah. Why? You know, you and I talked about it. Why didn't I tell Mark You just let that get sold out from under Mark. I sure did. You did. Ah, it looks like it's gone. Nevermind. Why didn't you tell us about it? You fucking freak. I did tell you about it because you, you remembered we talked about the location because you thought it was ecap but It was And, it was somewhere else nearby. You. You just don't Remember 'cause you don't care. You fucking trash Goblin. Why didn't you tell us? You know what we'd be doing? The three of us never speaking to you. All three of us can never speak to you again. You no longer get to address yourself. But I Love me If you're, if you're talking, you better fucking be talking to Molly.


Yeah, exactly. Oh shit. So much for solo. Let's place. You Didn't read the contract very closely did you? We too can vote you out of your own self. Do you think I've ever read anything I've been Sent? It sounds like you read a lot of philosophy stuff. I don't know. Oh God man, if I did, I don't remember. That Doesn't sound correct. Okay, so I've got Wieners Deli. Oh, car dealership. Car dealership. Car dealership. Okay, That's a good one. There's the one in coal rain. That was it. That's up toward like Miami University, right? No, no coal rain's like West It's, it's within the 2 75 loop. Just you go past. I always Think of things in terms of like where they are from Milford. If I don't go there very often and Milford, you go up and I guess over, You mostly go over from, you go up for literally two exits on the highway and then it's all west from there.


Wait is Milford North. Milford is northeast. I always think of it as being like perfectly east. Is it northeast? It's northeast of the city. Where Is the East gate in relation to Milford South? Is that wrong? No, that's Right. Yeah, it said it in a funny way. Alright, Anyway, we mo we're moving on. Next topic. Ice cream truck. I think we could do good on an ice cream truck. That'd be fun. That'd Be pretty cool. It'd be pretty chill. We could have three ice cream trucks. We could have a competition. Oh yeah, That could be good too. But I was thinking that one of us has is on a motorcycle in the back at the brain. Whenever the kid like, wait for me, lower the ramp.


They have the ice cream with the sidecar and a chest and the sidecar and you then you can still sell it and then you'll make it back to the other car. Damn. You can scout ahead and hit other side streets. We have two. So it's one person up in the front with the main ice cream truck and then two motorcycle bad asses getting those alleyway kids Like an ice cream swat team. I'll drive the truck. I'm down for a motorcycle. That sounds fun. All right? I'm in. I'm back in. Oh yeah, Yeah. Looks like Wade's back on the menu boys. Those Australian orks from Lord of the Rings. Oh, the pace is Quickened. It's as if the whips of their very masters are behind them.


What's that smell? Mind flesh. You know we talked recently about things that should be crunchy. What should be crunchy? Oh, I know one You don't. No, I know. One. Ice cream. Oh Yes, yes. Ice cream should have crunchies in it. It should be crunchy. Like If there's chocolate chips or something in there. But like There should be chocolate chips. There should be peanut butter cups. There should be crushed up. Oreos. Butterfinger pieces. Are you just saying fuck vanilla. Vanilla is good. It's better when there's stuff in it. I don't hate vanilla, but I'd rather have vanilla with things in it. Cookie crumbles. Yeah. Reese's Peas. Cookies and cream is the basis of most ice creams.


And that's like always crunchy. Ice cream is totally fine if it's not crunchy. But it's almost always better if it has crunchies. Okay, well I'll just, I'll just give you ice cream. Okay. Ice cream. What else is better? Crunchy pickles. Pickles are always better crunchy. Oh god. And most of the time they're flacid, mushy pickles. They're almost like you get the wrong batch of pickles. You Get, you got a pickle that she's like, Oh god. Chicken wings. Chicken wings are better crunchy. I would say, I don't know if there's a distinction Is is crispy different than crunchy? Because I would describe my ideal chicken wing more as crispy in my head than crunchy specifically. But I can't tell. I don't know what the difference, what's the difference with that?


I think it crunchy has to be, it goes in your mouth and you go, you Know, I think that's the definition. Any other opinions on crunchy? I like crunchy hippies. Oh, I get you. I don't, Don't tell 'em. Peace and love. We're doing things that should be crunchy. Right, because I was almost gonna say root your float. Root Your float. Crunchy. Yeah. No, that's a thing I don't think should be crunchy. I, that just popped into my head. 'cause we were talking about that before. These things that should be crunchy or you prefer crunchy. Oh, I know one pineapple Crunchy Pineapple is crunchy. Do you want mushy pineapple? Well there's, there's other qualifications besides mushy and or crunchy. I, I don't know. I feel like you want pineapple to have a little snap.


No, I don't want pineapple to have a little snap. Bob. You have bad crunchy opinions. I think leaves In fall. Oh, I hate that. They're annoying. They're annoying. No, I'm sorry. You don't like joy crunch, crisp crack. That horrible noise. That's kind of like pulling apart a cotton ball when you step in snow in the winter. That's annoying. Crunchy leaves are Fine. The snow crushing. That's quiet. You gotta, you gotta really be listening for that. There's, there's a particular type of snow step that just sounds horrible. It's 'cause he doesn't like styrofoam. Styrofoam should be crunchy. Snow Is just the styrofoam of nature. Oh, stop. Okay. Anyway. Crunchy. Any other crunches where I move on immediately? Packing peanuts. Oops. All berries should be very crunchy.


Peanut butter crunch. Oh, okay. Nature valley bars should be crunchy. Parenting. Let's talk about parenting. Should be crunchy. Yeah, I agree. Crunchy. Yeah. Yeah. Crunchy diapers. Crunchy. Completely Different topic. Away from crunchy. How's parenting going Bob? Surprisingly good. I don't wanna undersell myself, but you figure it out as you go. You don't have a choice so you better. But I feel like we're doing a decently good job so far. It's good. He's gonna get to the point when it becomes like, I don't know, four or five years old where he is gonna remember things. But he's gonna like I I, I feel like all kids feel this way where you're like, my parents know everything. They are experts in literally anything and everything I could ever wonder.


And then like you find out that that's not true when you are the parent. It's such a mind blowing thing. Are you a parent? Did you learn this Already? I'm cold. Same thing. Not quite the same, but like you still know that you don't know everything. Whereas whenever you're a kid you feel like adults know everything. You have an, you have an a, an anti affinity, whatever. The opposite of an affinity towards like absorbing new knowledge. I try to gift you with my bounty of knowledge every time. Corridor digital. I absorbed it. That was not my gift. That's honestly impressive because you never remember anything. This is True. I've got more important things in my mind than learning. That's incorrect. What is it? What is it on your, what is more important Food? What game I want to play When the new dragon ballsy do con banner drops shows I'm trying to catch up on how do I feel about the season finale of the boys.


Oh God, did I feed the animals? Ooh they do for heartworm. Am I due for anything? Oh shit, I've got surgery coming up. Am I gonna do that? Uhuh and oh fuck, what am I forgetting? Things like that You, yeah. You've had surgery coming up for a year and a half now. I have one scheduled for mid-August on my deviated septum. You do surgery like Mark Dew movies. What about your Shoulder? It's getting put on the back burner. I gotta, Yeah, that's the surgery I was thinking of. His job is to sit at a desk and make jokes. What's he need a shoulder for It. Did we? I was, when I was in Virginia, we played, these were four square. We played four square but like in a pool. So it was a like volleyball four square. And there was a point where we were like hitting the ball and I felt like something horrible in here.


I was like, oh yeah, that's still a thing. I forgot about that 'cause oh my god, Al, it kind of hurts a little bit right now that I'm thinking about it. But overall it is been survivable. Well that's what I like to do. I don't like to thrive. I like to survive Parenting. Parenting Crunchy. There's a lot of snacks. There's a lot of snacks and parenting. Kids eat a lot of snacks. It's fun. Got like Nutrigrain bars. Yeah, like veggie. Veggie straws. Got a lot of, a lot of fruits. A lot of fresh fruits. Fruits are good books. There's a lot of books. I don't, I, I don't think I've ever owned as many books in my life as we own now that Nanette James likes books. I object. I feel like this is an unfair topic. I am at a distinct disadvantage. I never had parents. How's your parenting going? Mark, You have a child, there's someone.


are you getting pranked bro? Bring your giant knife thing. Check it out. Check out what's going on. Yeah. Take your boar spear to answer the door. Listen, I'm gonna go explore someone All. right? We'll be here. We got nothing going on. We Win. Zing. And that was the last time we ever saw Mark, Do you wanna know the secret to this Episode? What is it? Just play along with whatever topic you bring up. Would not be a bitch about it. No, it's secret words part two. But this time you lose points for finding the secret word. No. You've avoided. You've avoided almost every one. Oh hey Mark. Hi. So Amy came home. Amy came home and she was blasting a podcast of full volume. So that's why I thought I was hearing voices. Oh No. Wait, Is it our podcast?


No. Well that's embarrassing for us. Oh, I guess that's parenting. Mark. You thought that was an unfair topic. Let's go to something you like. I guess editing equipment. Oh, this feels like an unfair topic. Just 'cause you don't edit and you should, What would you build if you needed to edit a lot of stuff. I wouldn't build anything A desk. It depends on the type of editing that you need. Because yeah, you need hard, hard drive storage and you know, space like that. There are really economical ways that you can go about that And you need to render stuff out. Right. For Most editing purposes, I am a gen general editing, you know the newest Apple M chips can edit anything really Well right now you could get an old, even like an M1 laptop.


Hey, Don't call us old. I have an M1. Yeah, it's still just good. My point is it's just As good. It's good, it's good. It's good man. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah It's good. That can edit like pretty much anything. If you get a little higher end, you need like a little better hardware. But for most of it What About a whole movie? Whole Movie? Well yeah, I'm still able to edit it on the newest versions of those laptops, but you know. So what's The point of all this work you're doing? What's that for? That's for VFX. That's very different. Wait Is literally baiting you to talk about your passion project and you got nothing. I'm literally putting it on a gold platter for you. And you're not taking it. I'm not done talking. I was literally in the middle of saying it. I was getting into it. What do you mean? I was saying it Stop with the foreplay.


Get in computer. The keyboard Mouse, Wireless. Good wrist Rest. Make sure you don't get carpal tunnel desk and big tv. If you're at any movie you want big, Hey that's good. Fuck. I hate this hair so much. Well you could have talked about that when we talked about hair mark. We're talking about editing, about rendering. Rendering. Depends on what you're rendering. Big, Big. Just big. You wanna talk about, you want me to talk about the things that I'm building? Yes. I've procured about 12 top end server grade CPUs that are going into six systems with which have four graphics cards, a piece with a hundred gigabit networking so all of them can talk to each other extremely nicely.


Minimum amount of ram in each of these systems is one terabyte of Ram Jesus Enough Hard drive space to drive everything. I have three tiers of hard drive space. One is pure MVME, one SSDs and one is hard disks. The huge array. I just this morning filled up 32 bays more of hard drive discs because I'm gonna have top storage, mid storage, cold storage. And I'm gonna have enough for everything to go between the projects on the main one, the active stuff on the hot, fastest one and then everything else that needs to be accessed. Using the middle is like a cache for like temporary stuff. Then to get all the power for that, you gotta rewire your entire power infrastructure. You need 12 kilowatts of power, which I don't know if you know this, but that's gonna be about a hundred amps.


You need a new a hundred amp panel with, with multiple 20 amps circuits, you gotta run 220 or 240 volts because the amount of voltage, the the amount of amperage that 120 volts is gonna pull is gonna be more than most circuit breakers can do. It's still the same amount of power, but the amount that a amperage is is a different thing. I'm not a perfect electrical. Once you do all that, then you gotta figure out how to beat all the heat because all this computer power is gonna take a lot of heat. So you gotta give air conditioning that's gonna be able to beat about 15 to 20,000 BT or pump out 15 to 20,000 BTUs all in a room the size of a bathroom, which I've remodeled. It'll really suck when you move in like a month. I'm not gonna What all this work you've done.


I've lived, I've lived in the same place for like three years. Yeah, I know. And I've gotten my calendar. You're due, I've had my house longer than you've had yours. That's true. That is true. Are you gonna move? are you gonna move Baldy? are you gonna move Huh? Maybe next year. Huh? How's your rateon? Mine's perfect. Alright. Even Have a basement. I think the long-term average was 0.4. Point four oh of me moving. Oh, I see. I think you meant radon, but that's fine. I don't know if we wanna talk about environmental risks in relation to where we live. I don't know if you're gonna win that one. Mark, Listen. Yeah. I am on bedrock. Sure, sure. Surrounded by fire and earthquakes. The ocean.


Let's compare a risk of mudslides to wiping us off the face of the earth. Mudslide. I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night in fear. 'cause I hear a, I heard it, it was raining and there was lightning, which is a rarity here, but there was thunder and I swore it was the, The mountain coming down. Man's forgotten thunder. Being on the west coast, I think our, I think our, our mudslide threat is approximately 0% where we live. I don't know about Wade, but I would Assume pretty close. I don't think I could start a forest fire here if I intended to. Very deeply. Are you satisfied Mark? Did we talk about your stuff enough, huh? Yeah, I'm good. Bob, What else do you wanna talk about? I'd like to circle back to the, to the kosher hotdog, un kosher deli idea, Filming technology stuff.


You film with Mark. How's that collection going? You still collecting things to film with? Yeah, Well, I mean I haven't bought anything new for that in a while. Yeah, I, once you get this stuff, you don't need to get more, do You need to do like maintenance or anything? Do you need to like get 'em out and oil 'em or something? Yeah. Oh yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. Yeah. are You still rehousing, huh? Yeah. Well there's one that's still out in rehousing, but I've got most of 'em back already. I just didn't mention it 'cause no one cared. What do you mean? I'm asking right now. That's been on mine. The fact you haven't brought it up has been blowing my mind for what feels like mon It's because it was A punitive measure. If ever I mentioned lenses, I could not talk about it because you would, guys would take points. Oh, he is doing it. He's doing It.


Therefore, the thing that I actually was happy about, I got 'em in. I got 'em in and they were, they were unbelievably beautiful. They were so pretty and I couldn't talk to anybody about it. Every, Every recording session for months, we, we all hang up and Mark's just sitting there like, oh, it's, I got a new one back. It's a 30 35. It's prime. It's prime. It's, I, I got these macros back that are just like, they were just so, so pretty and they even extended the focus range of them. I didn't even see Stop, Wade stop. I wasn't even marking. I was just looking For listeners. Every time Mark continues to talk about these things, he is talking about Wade casually glances down at his score sheet and is clearly noting something.


I still think you should talk about it. Mark. You win a lot. You could use, you could use a little bit of a handicap. I already know I'm gonna lose. It's okay. I I it is sad. Yes, but I've accepted it. Mark, have you figured out what the game is yet? No, not at all. Oh, okay. I was sort of counting on you for that. I wasn't even really thinking about it. Yeah, I have no idea. Yeah, But then Wade told me, so then that feels kind of unfair. It usually goes that way. It's, I it's, I understand actually. No, it's totally true. I knew from the moment that I walked in and you guys, I, I realized I'd left you two alone and I'm like, ah, I lose this episode. Great. That's how it's always gone.


Every time I step out of the room lose. You Shouldn't leave. Would you like to win, mark? I'm offering. You could Win. Bob can give you the win right Now. I know, I know how this game works. I Don't want any unfair advantage because I am noble and honorable and I respect the institution and the bylaws and the constitution of Distractible. I am pure. Lenses. Lenses. Lenses. Render farm. Render farm. There you go, mark. That'll I'll even it up a little bit. It's Okay guys. No, I get it. Peanut butter All. Right? The way this worked was welcome to secret words part two where I give some small topics. I list words. And each time you say one of those words, you lose one of those a hundred points I gave you early on.


Mark, you did a better job than Bob of losing points today. Wait Until the end there Bob. Literally throughout 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 topics. Nine was a bonus. Eight topics lost one point by saying peanut butter. That was the only time he lost the point. I tried really hard to bait him. I gave him parenting. I gave him cars. We talked about hair, which I thought was an equal one. We talked about things we do after the podcast, which I thought was an equal one. He did not say any of the words. You lost 1, 2, 3, 4. You lost four points up until we baited you into saying lenses one time. So you were already losing compared to Bob up until the point where I told him the thing.


But you lost a total of five points getting you to 95. Now here's where it gets interesting. Bob had only lost one. He was at 99 points and then he just said lenses four times and render farm once twice and peanut butter once do those count at this point. Doesn't sound like a decision for us to make. I'll take the win And the fuck did I just hear What's happening in everyone else's locations today? What the Hell? He's just leaving. I heard what sounded like someone crawling on all fours down my hallway. That's Such a specific sound. How would you know that sound? It's, it's Like a slidey sloppy noise. Slidey sloppy. I might be about to get Samara.


Well, I'm gonna keep the recording rolling then. I Don't wanna leave the camera anyway. Bob, you either lost just one point or 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 points. So you're either at 99 or 92. Now Mark has honor. I'll take the win. Cool. Ah, if your honor taste mark. It tastes good. Oh, real good. Yeah, real good man. I, I can't tell if Floyd's doing a bit or maybe I'm Molly's cleaning the litter box or the cat is in there we is the cat a lot bigger. Isn't it used to? Bob, you win. Congrats on that winner's Speech. I gotta be honest, mark made that whole bit at the beginning about figuring out the game and then within five minutes of that, I forgot completely that you were probably doing some kind of shtick.


And I just actually won completely accidentally until you told me what the game was, which was right at the end and didn't really give me any unfair advantage 'cause I was already winning and We had one topic left at that point. I think I Forgot Wade's words. Wade's secret words. That's a good, that's a classic. Last time it worked out so much better this time. There was literally five times that you guys said a word. Well this time it was like when you tried to get us to laugh or not laugh or something. Yeah. This was much like the court thing, which I think ironically Mark started this episode off or right before the episode by your, by Your Honor, may approach the bench. And I had that sinking feeling in my gut. I was like, oh no, not again. And then it happened. When we're in that mood, we approach the bench and we don't say those fucking words.


Congratulations to me. I don't know if that means I'm a good talker or a bad talker, but it certainly means something. Oh, I should let you all know what the words were to be fair. Our topics, I don't remember the order that we went in here when we talked about filming technology. It was lenses, cars. It was the phrase my car, which no one ever said quote unquote my car. If you talk about your cars, it was like done you but no render farm. I could not for the life of me get fucking mark to say render farm despite really trying. He really was dodge. He was really dodging that one Baby. Bob never said the word baby Killed me. Peanut butter. Bob mumbled once at the end. Iron mom, mark mentioned one time and we never talked about it anymore.


Snacks that go well with root beer was a free topic. I just wanna talk about that. I didn't really have a word in mind for that 'cause I didn't really know where it would go. Things we would do after podcast. So the word was theater, best hair, bald. I was waiting for you guys to rip me for being bald. You guys really didn't, those were our words. Did I say peanut butter or did I say sunflower butter? You said peanut butter at one point. I'm pretty sure if you didn't, if I misheard you, then it didn't affect the outcome. But I thought you at the very end mumbled like peanut butter. I, I just might have thrown a perfect game, but I editors replay that. I might be wrong. Peanut butter Mark. I think you said bald once. You said theater. You said iron lung. You said lenses. One of those words.


I believe you repeated twice. It was either bald or theater I think. I Think you said bald a couple times. And I think I said theater a couple times. In any case, mark, you have the loser speech. A special loser speech.


I do, I do. 'cause today's loser speech is brought to you by mug Root beer. Just like the amount of points I have of the can of root beer that I was given is much smaller than the others. Hence losing. But that's okay because when you, when you're losing, because you talk about your passions and that's a punishment. At least you have a tasty, delicious drink to cry yourself to sleep with. And I can always remind myself, I've got that dog in me. I may not have points or an outlet for my passions, but I've got that dog in me Or friends who care.


Yep. Well said. And you know, if this was the original secret words, you would've won. You said the word, you hit those notes. Unfortunately this was part two where you lose points for hitting those words. So our final score, Bob 99. Mark 95. Me. Negative six. Doesn't that mean that wave loses? Stay tuned for the next one. Where Bob, we will host. If you haven't already, go follow Bob at Myki mark market. Ply me at minion. Seven. Seven, seven. Or Lord Minion. Seven. Seven, seven. We've been playing games on our YouTube together. We just finished up chain together a couple weeks ago. No we didn't. Not according to my channel. My, not me either. There's a lot left. Oh, maybe we haven't finished it. Be wild if by the time this comes out we haven't. But you guys just might need to upload a little faster. Low pokes. I'm no rush.


I want people to savor the content. Oh, I want them to just eat it gorge and be ready for the next. You are the buffet. You are the hometown buffet of content. Huh? I went to a Fogo recently and I remembered how much I enjoy that buffet style. Buffet. That's it. I've out Peanut butter.