
This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it. Most hint it's Uber. What about me? When I show up To your house at 3:00 AM That's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, It would've been really nice if you had told me that just left me out to drive for no reason. Hey Bob. Sounds like you need Someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way. This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool Rush deodorant. So remember last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition.


Guess what Degree listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. You've gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So soon you'll see why it's been the number one men's anti purser for the last decade. The OG degree. Cool Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us. This episode is brought to you by Magic The Gathering. The worlds of Final Fantasy are coming to magic. The Gathering wheeled iconic spells, summon legendary beasts and clash with heroes and villains from all 16 mainline final fantasy games, beautifully brought to life by a dream team of final fantasy and magic artists that capture the full spectrum of art styles, emotions, and wonder that fans love.


This isn't a re-imagining, it's a celebration. I have so many fond memories from high school and college, bringing my couple little decks that I had around playing magic with my friends. This is just a great Cola, two fantastic franchises full of fantastic stuff and just long running like all the way back to my childhood. Whether you followed the journey from the very beginning or are brand new to the Adventure, this set is for you. The Final Fantasy and Magic, the Gathering Crossover arrives June 13th. Discover more@magicthegathering.com. This episode of Distractible is brought to you by DOOM. The Dark Ages. Its software presents DOOM, The Dark Ages, a dark fantasy sci-fi experience that brings epic combat.


And over the top visuals to the legendary DOOM franchise dominate demon infested battlefields with devastating weapons. Soar on a Mecca dragon and witness the creation of a legend as the slayer takes on hell itself. DOOM The Dark Ages available now on Xbox Series X and S, PlayStation five and PC Ready at INM for mature. Good evening, gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode manipulative mark sharpens sticks, enhances on anthology, then Regally wrecks the greatest republic. Bohemian. Bob makes an aqua park. Bows to peer pressure, then removes the islands Patriots party.


And Packers romantic. Wade is loved up with Ardi Dare picks on Pennsylvania, the windy city and the lone star from popsicles to population loss. Yes, it's time for We Hate These States. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hello, welcome to Distractible. Thank you for joining us for another evening and or morning or you're that weirdo that's staying up until midnight for when the episode releases. Hey, you're the best and weirdest of them all. Thank you. But this is Distractible the show where I'm the host and these two are the competitors in the game of my choosing, which is usually made up and half fleshed out and not quite done, which is no exception on this episode.


But before we get into any of that, we're gonna discover what's going on in our lives or the world around us. You know, it doesn't have to just be our lives, the world, you know, exists outside of this podcast. Oh, but oh, this Bob and wait, sorry, I didn't even say that. Oh, okay. I didn't want to, I didn't wanna step out of turn, but Hello. Hi. Hello. Hi. I Really want one of those old, they, they're still called popsicles. They kinda like came in like the package and they were liquidy and you put 'em in the freezer and there's like the orange, the red, the pink. You mean Like Otter pops? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Ethan went on a big thing about Otter Pop string when his on, so I Don't know why, but somehow you doing your intro made me think I want that His intro specifically made you feel That I wasn't thinking about it.


And then he started talking and I was like, Ooh, one of those sounds real good right now. Huh? Didn't get that at all on my end, you know, Merge. Wait too soon. We'll do that later And podcast. Oh, I almost said it. So I don't know if I talked about this on the, are we doing small talk? Sorry. Yeah, we're doing small talk. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Okay. This is, I don't know if I talked about this on the show previously, but James splash tables I think is what they're, I don't know, it's like a little table. You fill it up with water and he plays in it, right? It's just like you play with toys in it, whatever. It's really good summer toy. 'cause it's like, it's not just running a sprinkler, it's like a set amount of water so you don't just, you know, blast water or every witch away.


And last summer he got one of those and I looked at it and I was like, you know what would be really sick? There's like a top and a bottom and if you put, if you pour water in the top, it like rains and it's really fun, but you have to physically like take a bucket and pour it. And I was like, what if I buy, what if I get like a, like an aquarium bump and I'll feed a a hose up to the top and I'll set the pump in the bottom and then, and it'll like cycle the water. So it's always rain. And I did all this research and I bought one thing off the internet And it didn't work. And I bought another thing off the internet And it didn't work for other reasons. And it was all that like literally my setup would be like I have an external battery pack with like a USB cord running to the pump into water.


It's all just the sketchiest shit. And I was like, I spent a lot of time trying to home brew this thing never quite worked, right? Eventually I just gave up and whatever on the internet. Yesterday I was presented with an ad for exactly that product made in the simplest, most concise way possible. It's just a thing, you drill one hole you set. And I looked and I was like, this costs less than one of my multiple attempts at doing it myself. Did son of a bitch. But anyway, I bought one. So James is gonna have the dopest water table to play on this summer and I'm pretty excited about it. That's cool. Well also, I'm an idiot and I can't ever, I always am like, I'll just do it.


I'll make it myself, I'll home brew it. Nah, I should probably just buy it. Whatever I'm gonna make, it's either not gonna work or it's gonna be so fucking terrible that I just wish I would've bought it. Wouldn't Wanna put your child in the way of that. Like, like I, it works, but the whole water table's electrified somehow, even though like, I don't know, maybe I should just let a company hold onto that liability for me. I'm sure they wouldn't do anything to harm my child. Right? Companies care. Yeah, of course. And especially these companies, our sponsors. This episode is brought to you by Hershey's. When it comes to a sweet treat. I love a combo like those two flavors that just go together perfectly.


Like a little party in your mouth. I think most people are with me on this, right? If you want the ultimate combo, I think you should give Hershey's cookies and Cream a try. If you haven't had it, where have you been? Rich, smooth white cream packed with crunchy, chocolatey cookie bits in every bite. It's a delicious balance of flavor and texture. Hershey's Cookies and cream Creamy, crunchy and all yours. Find Hershey's cookies and cream bars at a store near you today. This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool Rush deodorant. So remember last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. Guess what degree?


Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent Back. You've gotta love when a brand can own its Mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So soon you'll see why it's been the number one men's anti purser for the last decade. The OG degree. Cool Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us. This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. You know what I got into recently? Pens. You just find them on Amazon, they're just out there. And pens is not a weird thing to be interested in. So don't say that Me Been Prime video. Then in the last like two weeks I've was like, you know what I need to do?


I need to watch every war movie ever made. Like today, whatever it is. Prime helps you get more out of whatever passions you are into or getting into. Head to amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes. God, Wow, that was an a, that was some amount of sponsors. I love those guys. Sure. Hope we don't get baby eater. LLC Oh no Here at Shock Your Baby. We make sure to shock your baby. Oh, and since I'm talking about buying things, mark, can I just say you influenced me? Yes, you influenced me, mark. I know it's what you set out to do.


Do you love it? Oh, I I honestly do. It's it's really nice. I don't even know what you held up. This is, you know, that thing that Mark was using to keep track of points? It's an ein writing tablet thingy and there's a little marker on the side. I, this is the one that has color, obviously has the yellow also. I don't know what I just flashed on there. Editors. Make sure it's horrible. Put it in Guam. You influenced me and it's awesome. I I I'm not using it today weirdly enough, but it is really, really interesting. The only reason I'm not using it because there's a pencil and a pen, an old school pencil sharpener here, which, Ooh.


So I, I, and they work so well. Like, I haven't used these since school. Do you guys remember the one, the manual crank that used to be on the wall in classrooms and you just, Those honestly work really well too. The only problem with those is you have to wait in line to use 'em. 'cause that it's like, oh, everyone get your pencils out and like five kids would be like, ah, I need to sharpen my pencil all at the same time. Waiting, Waiting in line to sharpen your pencil is just such a strange thing. Yeah, I mean, I'm sure there are still schools that do sharpen your pencils, but just like, I haven't had to deal with that in so long. I couldn't tell you the last time I sharpened a pencil.


Actually that's not true. But I use in the, in the garage for like woodworking and stuff. I use carpenter's pencils. I just sharpen it with like a utility blade. Like you don't, there's no, 'cause it's a big square thing anyway, but like a pencil, like putting it in and the like woo woo woo woo. That whole thing. What a what a weirdly nostalgic thing. It doesn't smell good. Actually. I think this has been handled by many people. Did you ever see if you could fit your fingers in there? Did you ever have that intrusive thought? No. There Was a kid. No, I'm just saying it wasn't me. Did it work? No, the kid sliced up his finger. Oh damn. I, I had that thought, but I was always, I was that kid who would be like, ah, nah, I can't do it.


Nah. But like I had the, I definitely had that intrusive thought A lot. This kid, it didn't get like shredded like you would think 'cause it didn't go all the way in. But the front, whatever the sharpener was, it had a front, like round like metal tube and that was sharp. So it cut a circular hole right into your, Oh, I don't like that very much. No, I'm gonna deduct a point for myself for that. Yeah, that's not good. Don't like, don't like I didn't mention this last episode. It still hasn't happened yet as of now, but it would've been Monday as of the release of this episode, I think. Do my math right. Molly and I have been together seven years over seven years now. Yay. And Ginger is seven years old. 'cause her birthday is our anniversary and Presley is about to turn seven years old.


And it's wild. All of this has lasted that long. I didn't expect it. Like death or what, what are we talking here? Just Something like, you know, thought this Marriage would be shambles by now. What are you, what are we talking Here? I had kind of a rocky childhood growing up. So I think like part of that just has, like, my mindset is always like, well the other shoe's gonna drop at some point. Enjoy it while you got it, but you're gonna lose it. It's just kinda like the way I feel about things. It's, it's, it's not very optimistic. That's fair. I Dunno if it's pessimistic, but it's just been kinda like my experience. So I call it, it feels realistic to me. It's just like nothing lasts forever so you will lose. But so far, knock on wood, this whole thing's lasted. Are you knocking on wood?


Are you, are you knocking on wood? Yeah. You might wanna actually find some wood. Yeah, I got a wood floor. I tap my toes on it. Is it a real wood floor or is it a vinyl plank? I would make sure. You gotta find some wood fast. It's in the, I know that office is in the basement. I know that that's unlikely to be real. Hardwood Napkins are made of paper, which is made of wood. Right? So Napkins are actually made of lignin, Which is extracted from wood. Well, I've got an elephant shit. Diary from Tyler. Does elephant shit count as wood? Like What? I've heard it both ways. Maybe just, maybe just knock on some shit. Cardboard's Wood, right? And cardboard's just compressed paper. But if, if you count paper as wood, well It's closer to wood than paper is cardboard.


I like to call it partially wooded paper. Then again, I don't know what, I don't know what cardboard's made of. So what do I know? I might be completely off base on that actually. Is paper even made of lignin? Why do I think that? I don't, I have no idea. Lignin balls. Give yourself a point. Oh wait. Mark's hosting. I'll give myself a point anyway and I'll just give it to me in a future date. Yeah, yeah. Lignin, lignin, cellulose. It's, it's the, I believe it's the, the binder. Get cut this out. What am I talking about? This is so boring. Or what are we doing here? What are we doing here? Talking about lignin. Oh god. Someone make a dick joke. You did it. What are you, are you being so upset about? I like, this is what we do here. We talk about things, whatever, whatever fascinating thing strikes the moment we talk about it.


That's true. That's true. Plus if you hadn't brought it up, we wouldn't have got to hear Wade's. Brilliant liman balls. Yeah. Anniversary. It will have happened by the time this airs Relationship in shambles. That's what I wrote the point as I, if I do a bad job, it could be, I guess we'll see. Don't mess it up. You know, what's at stake? A seven's not that important of a year. Right. Maybe I'll give her a coupon to kidney's or something. Coupon to make you a sandwich. Damn. I'm not, I'm not. That was a bad idea. That was a bad idea. That was a bad idea. That was the joke. Hang on, wait. Yeah, no, it's funny. It's funny. Funny. All right. I, not to brag about myself, but I've always been a very bad gift giver.


I've just notoriously terrible at giving gifts. Weird flex, but okay. I have been making it a point of getting better. And this latest gift that I got her, I think really it, it was a lot cooler than I thought it would be because I thought it would be pretty, pretty neat. But this, I think I, I really, really fucking nailed it this year 'cause I got her image stabilized. Binoculars. Okay. She's been doing some bird washing. There's this app that like has bird noises And it recognizes what bird species and you can kind of log what it is. Merlin. Merlin. Yeah. Merlin. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So she's been looking out for 'em and I didn't even know this was a thing. You can get binoculars that you put a battery in there and when you press a button, it'll literally stable it.


Like it stabilizes a camera. Just all of a sudden the image, because holding binoculars always like, and then you feel sick after a little bit. None of that. Press that button instantly stable. It's awesome. That's pretty sick. If anyone out there is looking for a good gift, it's not cheap. It's, I believe it was 700 bucks for this one. But it's, it was good. It was good binoculars. Well, For what it is, Yeah, they're really nice. And with the image stabilization, they become infinitely more usable. You can just like, you can track things in spot. We were watching people climb up this mountain. Amy saw a bird to torrential. Damn. Something about that is making me itchy. Probably the tarantula part. The bird eating the tarantula. Oh yeah. It was fucked up. Like, like that's like, wow, that's cool.


But also a part of me is very much like, ah, don't say that. Yeah. Well the more disturbing part of it was that she was watching it dig in the ground. Right. So she was like, oh it might be going for, I didn't see it at the time. So this is the story. She was watching it digging in the ground And it was really scratching at it And it was flinging dirt everywhere. And it was kind of going at this hole that was already there. And she wasn't sure if it was going after like a chipmunk or something. And then as it's digging for like five, six minutes here, it just pulls out like if, if I'm, if my head is the bird size massive, just tarantula. And she's seeing it all in extreme detail. Gigantic. And what it made us realize that all the holes in the ground in the entire area were probably tarantula.


Yeah, no, that is the thing. I think I've told this story once before on the show, but we, when we lived in the Bay Area, Mount Diablo is a big thing up there. You go up top of the mountain, there's observatory. We went up, the first time I ever went up there, I think it was the first time Mandy did, we got up to the top. We just drove right to the top to see the observatory and the overlook. And we got there and like, you know, people were milling around sort of talking to people and someone was like, man, if we were here two weeks earlier, we just missed tarantula mating season. And I was like, I don't care for that, but what happens? And they were like, oh, all the tarantula come out of their holes in the ground and they're all just frantically running around looking for other tarantulas to fuck.


Apparently there's a time of year on Mount Diablo and I assume everywhere else tarantulas live where it's mating season. And so they all just come out and they're just like, ah, ah. And they're like, they're frenzied and they're looking to, to re reproduce. And I don't even know what tarantulas do. Lay eggs I guess. But, So tarantulas have like a college hell week basically. Yeah. But so if you're there, then there's just tarantulas fucking everywhere. But they like ignore humans and everyone else 'cause they're just looking for other to like make some babies. This is very arachni phobia for me. Like the movie. I just, I don't like this. I don't like this at all. No, it sounds terrifying.


I would not care for that. I mean that's what happens when the cicadas come out, I think is is they're just out there. Ah, That is happening right now here. Oh, is it? I don't know if this is one of the big ones or not, but like one of the walls of our house, we have like 13 shells just like groped up side by side. And there's a whole bunch of like the little cicadas that have just like, shed their first skin that are like standing on like flower pots and stuff. So I don't know, this might be one of the big years. I don't remember if this is one of the, was it 19 year cicadas or whatever the hell it is. 17 or something like that. 17. Whatever it is. There has been an emergence that started like two days ago. It would be, if it was the big one, that whole wall would be covered and every tree would be covered.


But yeah, I don't know. When I keep hearing or I keep thinking each summer that's gonna be like, oh, this is the big one. No, no, not the Big one. I thought this was one of the years. Let me see. It might be, it might be this year. Yeah. I just like the idea that like, 'cause cicadas all make that noise. And that's one of the things when there's a big hatch there, there's that just constant like cicada buzz. But I love the idea that that's their equivalent of a guy. Just be like, ah, oh That's that's what it is. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. Thousands of cicadas are just like, ah, Good. Brewed 14 is having their 17 year emergence in southwest Ohio this year. Oh god. Oh, you're, oh man.


It's gonna be nuts. I hope so. If if That's the, if this is the 17 year one, which It says yeah. Holy shit. It's gonna be crazy. I'm excited. I remember being down in Kentucky whenever there was one in Kentucky. You're excited. What's wrong with you? It's Gonna be hell. And like you go out in the evening and like you can hardly hear. 'cause it's just like all of them making noise. It only lasts like a month. But like Yeah, it's so loud that it's fucking annoying. 24 7. It's only a month. I think that's so cool. Spiders. No thank you. But the cicadas, I love the cicada noise. Hmm. I think you've forgotten how bad it was. Yeah, I'm seeing that too. That this is 20, 25 is brewed 20.


No, what is that? Brew 14. Brew 14. Yep. 17 year cicadas is happening. Oh good. Hooray. Yay. I loved it as a kid. Maybe I'll hate it as an adult, but I love this as a kid. Apparently we're not in the dead center of it. It looks like we're kind of on the northern edge of the air. But being in southern Ohio, we're, we're close to it. That's why I think Kentucky was like, where it was like insane whenever we went down To my grandparents cabin. Yeah. The, the map is showing like Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia up into Pennsylvania are like the, the spicy states. Okay. Yeah. Because down by Lake Cumberland, I remember one of the broods was nuts. I remember there was one when we were like in like middle school-ish age.


That was pretty wild. But it was not the 17 year one. It would've been a different one. This apparently is 'cause I've noticed a bunch of shells. Hooray. Hooray. That's good to know. Well you guys, oddly enough, are segueing right into the topic, but not in the way that you would imagine. It's something you would've been mentioning a lot. Sex Screaming. Maybe There will be screaming later. But brooding probably a little bit of that. I got a call, I got a call from the big man upstairs. Santa Direct orders we're downsizing. Oh, We should fire Wade. No, not like that. We're we're downsizing America.


Oh, thank God I got a call. We got too many states. We need to knock it down. We need to start chucking out the states that don't matter now. You're not gonna look up anything. This is vibes. We're knocking out states. We're getting down to 13. That's what it started as. First flag at 13 was 13 colonies became 13 states. That's the number that they want. It's not about me, it's not my want here. It's about what the orders are from on high. Got it. Okay. Some people think we need more states looking at you, Greenland, Canada. We gotta keep those two. We gotta Keep those two states.


We gotta keep those two For everyone on read. These are jokes. These are jokes. Mocking an insane situation. We Gotta keep the American, the American Canal. Gotta keep that. We, we make jokes about ridiculous situations. Sometimes We say things in a serious tone, but it's actually a joke. IE Stephen Colbert, whenever he was on the Daily Show a lot. I mean, he still, he pretty much still does a similar thing. He's still, he's still on tv. I dunno if you're familiar. I am, I'm not seeing the show much, but yeah, So I don't want you to look up anything because number one, it's also gonna be test. You guys can remember all 50 states. I could recite them All right now. Don't. Okay, So we're gonna take turns and you're gonna nominate one for deletion.


This is not rolling a state into another state. We're not gonna merge the Dakotas to get the number down. This is eliminating states. They're gonna be carved out of the United States and they're gonna be chucked into either the Atlantic or Pacific Ocean. Whatever's easier. I've got my first state ready to go. Or the Gulf of America. Gulf of America, of course. All right. So I'm gonna, oh, I don't have my guys, I don't have my corn. Ooh, that feels like a violation of Distractible Council rules. Is that you think I know the council rules? I don't fucking know. I think I saw a penny here somewhere. Ah, mark, I've got one you can borrow. Oh, penny. Oh, oh. Hey, look at That. Oh wow.


Really? We are really downsizing. All right, so it's a 2011 penny with a D on it. Got that weird shield on the back. Got my diploma from the University of Cincinnati that Year. So heads is Bob Tails wig going first. Woo. Get tails. Tails. That's me. Never fails. I'll Allow you guys three vetoes. We're we're gonna discuss it. It'll be an open discussion. But ultimately, you know, it's the person nominating. We're working together on this. I get it. Yeah. Working together. But if, if you really feel strongly that one state should say stay, you can veto it, you know. But if this is kind of a communal thing, it's only the turn is to who's proposing one to de to delete.


So you both get three vetoes and we're gonna whittle it down to 13. This'll be easy at first and get incrementally harder. I think the first state is something we'll all agree on. It makes sense. And it's really the only choice I think that maybe unanimous Pennsylvania's gotta go. Hmm. Why Is it gonna be the first one you pick? I mean, I get it. I understand why It had to come from me. I couldn't let Bob get to it before me. I, I won't suggest ask any more details about why I think I, I think I get why. But Pittsburgh Doesn't name any names. Jesus Christ. It's gotta be Pittsburgh. Well, At least we're not in Pittsburgh this time. Fuck nothing.


Like standing on a stage in front of a bunch of people from Pittsburgh and be like, fuck you Pittsburgh. I fucking hate you guys. All right. Let's have fun. We're here to have fun. If This was cities, I would get rid of Cleveland before Pittsburgh. It makes you feel any better. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Calm down. Whoa. I'm just saying this. Listen, from a sports, sports take side. Cavaliers love the Cavaliers, but God, the Browns exist and they shouldn't. What, how are we gonna, how are we gonna be mean to the Browns for Deshaun Watson? Okay. That's how recent development he is not to represent the Browns as an organization forever. He Represents the current Browns organization. Yeah. Well, wasn't that a mistake?


The Contract, the decision. All of it. Anyway, PI Pennsylvania Far. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Any veto, Bob? No. I get it. Like, I, I don't have the same hatred in my hardest way. It does, but I get it. Look, we don't need two Ohios is kind of where I'm coming from. All right. And we already have, I'm assuming we all want Ohio to be in. So I Don't, we'll find out. We'll find out. I Don't wanna downsize my own department here. All Right. Pennsylvania. Gone cut out, thrown into the Atlantic. Pittsburgh is basically like other Cincinnati, right, Wade? Sadly, kind of in some ways. All right. There you have it. Not so different after all. That's the thing. It's pr it's projection. Right. The reason he hates Pittsburgh so much is 'cause he can see that it's like Cincinnati, but it's like a slightly bigger city with better sports teams.


Yeah. Somehow all of their sports teams are range from very slightly to substantially better than all of our sports teams. But we get to make the decision so they lose. That's what you get. All of our fans from Pennsylvania, don't worry, you're gonna be in good company of offended real soon. Push. Push might have survived the NFL vote, but the team is gone. Goodbye Eagles. Bob, what's going next? Let's start easy. South Dakota. South. All right. Instead of North. Yeah. Yes. No discussion to be had here. Seems like South Dakota is gone. North Dakota don't feel confident.


Yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't get too comfortable. I feel like much like South Dakota, we have very little to say about it. It's just gone. Well that's good. 'cause we we're never gonna get through these if we debated too much. All right, Wade, back to you. I've been thinking about this one, and it's a little tough, but I think it's got to be said Illinois. Ooh, Illinois. Why? Why, why? I Don't truly hate Illinois as a state. But if we go back, let's not be too petty here. A couple hundred years where Cincinnati was a thriving trading metropolis of the United States. There was a city that emerged that kind of put its thumb on us and squashed us like a bug. And that city was Chicago.


Chicago ruined our lives. It's an awful place to have to drive through. I personally don't like visiting it. And it's responsible for the complete demolition of all of Illinois today. Goodbye Chicago. Goodbye Illinois. Cincinnati. We're rising again. He's just cutting down Ci Cincinnati's enemies here. I see what his strategy, I'm eliminating my rivals. Wayne has a list here. I gotta say, driving in Chicago does suck. I think anyone including Chicago winds would agree with that. But it is an absolutely lovely city, beautiful place. I don't even know if I've been anywhere else in Illinois. They Have a bean. I'm going to use a veto just to keep Chicago around.


'cause I fucking love Chicago. Okay. Hold. All right. Can I have veto? Nope. No. I love Chicago Fields Museum. The, the planetarium, the shed Aquarium. You think Newport Aquarium is cool? Which again, not even in Ohio. You think Newport's cool. Shed aquarium a whole other world of aquarium. I actually prefer Atlanta's Aquarium. I'm being honest, But don't even get me started on Georgia. All right, calm down. You're saving Chicago. Illinois has been cemented in that is going to last into the 13th. I mean, let's be honest, I kept Chicago. I like Chicago. I don't know much about the rest of Illinois, but I love Chicago.


I'm keeping that. All right. Okay. All right. So Illinois is locked in and now we gotta move on. Bob, what do you propose? Let's go small. Rhode Island. Rhode Island. Rhode Island. Take that Rhode Island. I forgot we still had them. Yeah, though, that's the thing, right? It's like what, what even, what's even there? Providence, I assume is all of Rhode Island. I don't even know what else is in Rhode Island. I'm, I Think there's one bridge just connecting two other states. There's probably lots of stuff, but nah, no one ever talks about it. I don't know. Couldn't tell you. No. We always joke about how small it is, but I've never actually heard about anything that's there. There was a TV show based in Rhode Island that my mom really liked in the two thousands.


It was about a veterinarian who lived in Rhode Island. I think it was called Providence. That's the most I've ever heard about Rhode Island in my life. Get outta here. No offense. Pettiness Makes me want to veto just 'cause you vetoed mine. But like, honestly, I don't know what I'd be saving. So I I I won't disagree. Well, Molly, the 3D artist who worked on Iron Lung, see ya is also is from Rhode Island. I Believe it. Not my movie. That's All right. You're right. There's gonna be some collateral damage. All right, so we're gonna put this list out before all these moves are made official. So everyone has time to relocate Now. Maybe we'll hire Samantha from Cincinnati. You okay? All right, Wade.


What's next? Alabama's gotta go. One roll tide kind of done with it. Plus their, you know, now their coach has gone, they've fallen down a little bit. But the reason is we need less avenues for people from Florida to get in. Alabama's gone. They've gotta go through Georgia. It's, it's harder for Florida man to escape. I always thought that was a weird state motto. Alabama, Florida's highway to the good parts. So Alabama's gotta go. I'm sorry, but I Don't have any connection to Alabama enough that I care to veto that. I, I also find roll tide quite annoying. Not gonna lie. I like this because it feels like Wade wants to keep Florida, but segment it from the rest of the United States.


Just, no, I'm not. I'm, I don't wanna give away my strategy, but yes, a little bit. I don't wanna give away mine either, but yes, you're on the right track. All right, Cool. All right. Alabama's gone. All right. Bob New Mexico. I think we should give it back to Old Mexico. I don't think we ever should have had that one. That just seems rude on our part. Okay. They might have to fish it outta the ocean, but I suppose it's finders keepers at that point. Wade, any objections? New Mexico? It's beautiful. New Mexico is beautiful. Santa Fe is amazing. We didn't do any shows in Mexico, New Mexico, did we? Nah, no, I don't, I don't know that I've ever actually been into New Mexico and I never will be. 'cause it's gone now. So. Yeah, no, that's fine.


Alright. It's gone. I, I've only ever driven through there really? But you know, it is just gorgeous. I mean that whole area of the United States is just if, oh man, the mesa, everything. The landscapes. All right, Wade, what's next? I'm still kind of fighting over my loss of Illinois. I'm still a little upset about Illinois being here. Let's go with Massachusetts. I was, I was just in Massachusetts recently. Whenever we were going to conventions, it was actually one of my favorite convention centers was the one in Boston. But Harvard turned me down when I applied for college. I'm petty. And I remember navigating Boston, flying into Boston, and I'll never forget the taxi or Uber ride where the guy just had a middle finger out each window whenever we made the mistake of saying we were running late to get somewhere and scared the shit out of us and demanded like a big tip before he'd let us out of his car.


I dunno if you guys remember that or not, or even if Bob, you were there, but we were going to like some kind of maker's studio party or something. We were running late and this guy scared the fucking shit out of me. I Don't think I was there for That. Plus I have some friends in Massachusetts And fuck those guys. I'm not gonna, I know I'm not gonna fire for Massachusetts. That's okay. It was one of the original 13 colonies or something. Right? It's kinda like out with the old in with the news, like, get outta here. You had your time. Yeah. I sort of thought we were gonna, yeah, I'm with you Wade. I sort of thought we were gonna spice it up. I Why If we're cutting back to 13, why would we keep one that's been here the whole time? They had plenty of time to convince me that they had, they deserved a spot. They had their chance. Look what they made. Gone. Tea party. More like Snee sleep in the seed party.


Seed party. Got 'em. All right, Bob, what's next? I'm gonna stay small. New Hampshire. New Hampshire. I've heard it's lovely. I've heard it's beautiful. It just seems like we don't, it's, it just seems a little, nah, I'm using a veto on New Hampshire. Really? On New Hampshire. I gotta save New Hampshire. My favorite late night host of all time was Craig Ferguson. And one of the best bits I remember was whenever Jeffrey Peterson, his skeleton, was talking about having a, a second home, a vacation home in New Hampshire. And I go back and watch that clip and laugh every time I see it. It's one of his funniest bits. Damn. All right. Historical Site.


New Hampshire is the Craig Ferguson. Craig Ferguson historical site in my mind. Gotta save New Hampshire. Well, okay, I guess that's locked in there. Two of the 13 spots is now, Just like we said, why would we keep the old ones New Hampshire's not Massachusetts. We can agree on that, right? Like It sure isn't, Those are two different places. I'm glad we agree. Alright, so vetoed New Hampshire. Locked in there with Illinois. All right, Wade. What is next? Michigan. And it's not even because I hate Michigan. I'm not like an Ohio State guy or anything. I actually have enjoyed my time in Michigan, Ohio is known as like the heart of it All right? And I'm an Ohio man, Michigan with its fucking stupid glove.


And its extra little growth sticking out. It gets to be two places at once. It just thinks it's better than us. You Know, these states aren't gonna come after you. You know, you don't need to strategically kill your enemies. Not anymore. They're gone. Just say it. All right. Okay. Any objection to Michigan? Yeah. I'm gonna have to use a veto on that one. That one. Come on, man. Damn. Listen, we only need, we only need one lake state. And I know everyone's gonna be like, oh, 10,000 Lake to Minnesota. Michigan is the one, you know why the lakes are so great? 'cause they all touched the greatest lake state of all. Except maybe that one that doesn't, but close enough. But if we, if Michigan was gone, we would be the lake state. We would have all of them, I think think it would just be one big lake, I guess.


Yeah, they would rush into Philly would be. Yeah. I guess. I don't think we, I don't think we want that. Take Away that feed. Bob. Come on. Give it to us. It's locked, not locked in. Fuck. Also, I was born in Michigan and almost all of my family's in Michigan, but, So that was Bob's second veto. Now Bob, it's You're back to you though. I'm ready. I'm ready to shed some dead weight. All right, let's go for Oklahoma. Oklahoma. It, it seems a lot like northern Texas to me. No, no offense. It just seems a lot, it seems very similar. I I feel like we only need one of those. If, if we need any of them. And Oklahoma's not the one I think we should keep.


All right. Any objections? Can I object in the future? Do I have to object right now? You don't have to veto. You could give a reason not to, but it's kind of his call. Can I, can I hold my veto? I, I potentially want to veto Oklahoma, but it, but it's pending something else. It, it would have to be now like, it, it, it's now or never. I feel like we could circle back. I'm totally, unless you have an opposition to it, mark, I'm fine. I'm gonna Put a bookmark on Oklahoma, but I'll let it go for now. I will Let you put Oklahoma to the side, Bob, if you want. And you could pick another one and then we could set Oklahoma over there. We'll save that debate. All right. Well, I've got a real winner here. No way you're gonna oppose this. I, unless it's another New Hampshire situation.


Maine. Just Maine. Nip the tip. Just nip the tip off there. I know a couple people from Maine. It's gotta go. It's gotta go. All right. Main gone. Nip the tip. Tip's been nipped, wade. All right, let's get the big one outta the way here. That I was gonna get rid of Texas. Damn. Texas has some great places. It's a big state. Love my time in Austin. Honestly, San Antonio as well. But like Bob was saying about Oklahoma, do we really need it? Do we need good Texas or do we need empty Texas? That's kind of the question you're posing, I guess. No, I mean, it's like if you eliminate tech, Texas is such, I mean, okay, I'm, I'm, I'm just the arbitrator here.


But I will say Texas is so large, so many resources, just from a landmass perspective. Like it touches completely different biomes. It's enormous. Okay, we bleed it, then we discard it. That's not an option. I disagree. But you did propo. I'm not, I'm You did propose it. I'm proposing text. Look. Let's, let's just, let's just put the cards on the table. We have Florida. We've already got a problem. Child. Do we need Texas and Oklahoma? Do we need all Three? Those are not even remotely similar types of things. They're problem children. They're different kinds of problem children, but they're problem children. I'm trying to identify a pattern of what Wade's going for here, but I can't really piece it together. So Yeah, don't Try to get in here.


You won't find a way. All right, Bob, that's just, do you veto it? I just feel like I have to hold onto my veto. I've only got the one left. I've really been aggressive with it. I would if I had another one to give, but Damn Texas into the Gulf of America. You go. I've spent a lot of time in Texas recently in Endless Lake. You know, I, I don't like a, some of the things that Texas does. I've had some great memories in Texas, honestly. But no one. I I've, but it's gone. That Bob. All Right, well if we're gonna, if we're gonna go at each other like that, Minnesota, Oh man, my wife's from Minnesota. My in-laws are from Minnesota.


So the Twin Cities has some great food. Goodbye. Minnesota. God. Ghana. What did you do? Realize we're, we're trying to have 13 at the end of it, you know, but All right, fine. One second. Minnesota. No, it's gone. Just All right. It's gone. All right, Wade. So Colorado. Oh, Colorado's a beautiful place. Vacation spot, got the mile. High city snow, lots of marijuana. No real reason to get rid of it. But I'm gonna, I feel like that was when I was gonna leave and see if it made the cut. 'cause I do like Colorado, but I definitely have no, I'm not fighting my, I'm not throwing my veto in on it.


So are You sure? Are You just trying to get him out of his vetoes? Are you trying to get me to use my vetoes? I have no connection to Colorado. I mean, That'd be a weird strategy. What's a strategy? I look, I'm just trying to build a better country here. Okay. I don't know. I'm just throwing darts at a dart board and seeing where they land. Weird. All right. Bye Colorado. We're gonna be left with like all of the middle states. Just, Just a big empty plane. Bob. I do. As much as I love cheese, I'm gonna go ahead and throw Wisconsin under the bus. Okay. Wisconsin. Any any particular reason?


I just eliminated my wife's family. I can't also then fight for their rival If Wisconsin's gone see you. My, my lifetime of experiences with Packers fans alone is enough to disqualify Wisconsin from remaining. All right. Wisconsin has been sunk into the ever-growing greater lake, so that's cool. Eventually it's gonna be the greatest lakes. It will, it will eventually. That's true. Wade, I want to throw two out there. And we want, I wanna pick one of the two, but I don't know which one I want to get rid of. So I kind of wanna hear arguments. Kansas or r Kansas, otherwise known as Arkansas. We only need two that have Kansas in the name, or we only need one, rather.


We have two. We only need one. We might need none. I don't have a strong argument for either of them. Our, wait, Kansas City Chiefs. That's Missouri, Kansas City, right? Yeah. It's in neither of those. Yeah. Do You want to handshake to get rid of both? I'll do one if you do the other. You know what? Yeah, let's do that. Any state with Kansas in its name gone. All right. So and then I'm guessing going to Bob Arkins, Our Kansas is my pick. Yes. All right. Okay. We're, we're gone. Gone and gone. And Missouri for me. Gotta get rid of Missouri too. Any objections from Missouri?


Really? Oh man, man, the grim Reaper is speeding up. All right. Way object to Missouri. I didn't realize Wade was gonna be so gleeful about this. I'm definitely not saving my ve my last veto for Missouri. So sorry. Missouri. Bob, what are you getting rid of? I feel like Wade just got to do like three, but we'll just keep moving kind of. Yeah, This is a tough one. And I'm gonna, I have a very close friend who's not gonna like this. I feel like Washington and Oregon are very similar and I gotta say I prefer Washington. Damn. Sorry. Sorry. So I gonna throw Oregon out there. Por Portland.


Very fun city. Lots of fun stuff. Seattle. More fun in my experience. Sorry. All right, so over for Oregon out there. All right. And you guys will be happy to know. That was our 15th elimination. We're getting there. Only 22 more to go. This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's So big man. LA's big, like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new. Zero sugar flavors like rehydrate, pineapple passion, fruit squeezed lemonade and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city.


So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass. So This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce. I get chicken. I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken. Sauce goes on Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili Mc crispy strip dip.


It's chicken made for dip it only at McDonald's. All right, Wade, Let's go. West Virginia. Great song. I have family en West Virginia. I've had some good memories there. Love the mountain mama. But sometimes mama's gotta go. Sounds like a winner to me. All right, cool. Bob, what's next? You know what, this might be controversial. I'm curious what Wade's gonna do with this one. Let's go regular Virginia Bird And Fu are in Virginia. I I visited there. They have some great restaurants. They want me to even consider like moving to Virginia. Eliminate temptation. Goodbye Virginia. All right, Virginia is gone.


Make them come where it matters. Ohio, If Ohio less we. Who, who's been vetoed so far? What states do we have locked in Michigan, Illinois and New Hampshire are locked in. I still can't fucking believe New Hampshire, but Whatever. Me either. Now that I'm looking at it, I regret that veto, but it's too late. Why did You do that? Like, I have nothing against New Hampshire. That's just really confusing. You Don't, it is. I don't disagree with you. I think I was high at the time. 12 minutes ago I was fucking wasted. And now that I'm sober, I had just dropped acid. I had snorted cocaine. I had dropped all of the drugs that probably have to be censored outta this episode. I'd done all of it, but now I'm clean and I, I'm, I'm regretting New Hampshire a bit.


Well, but the two people that watch this from New Hampshire are probably very happy I saved them All right. Is it my turn? No, wait, no, no. I just did regular Virginia. Is that, is that outta here? Oh, that's true, Wade. Yeah. Wade said yes. Okay, let's Go. Connecticut. Connecticut. All right. Loved their basketball team. Growing up, I had a lot of Huskies jerseys. I used to root for like a mecca and stuff whenever he played at Connecticut. I have one gripe with Connecticut and I think it's severe enough that I'm comfortable letting them go. Spell your name correctly. How about that? Connecticut? Get out of here with that crap. Oh, it's spelled even I, I might have spelled it wrong. Yeah. Connecticut Connectic kit. There is a second C.


Excuse me. No, I didn't think so. Damn. All right. It's gone. Connecticut is gone. Not connecting anything anymore. All right. I wanna throw a two four out just to sort of save time. And I feel like there's a lot we can agree on here. Both of the Carolinas. Both Carolinas. Wow. Yes. I lived in North Carolina for six years. I really hadn't mentioned them. 'cause I thought you would veto North Carolina. I thought that was one you'd save your veto to save. I did not enjoy living in North Carolina. Law school aside. Not my favorite place. Even like the outer banks in Wilmington and whatever. Nice beaches.


I'm pretty sure there's a racket allegedly in one of the Carolinas where the police and judges are working together to give people from out of that state speeding tickets and then force them to come back in person to protest it. Otherwise they forfeit and have to pay the, the fine. I've heard a bunch of weird stories of people driving through getting a speeding ticket for going, you know, like 10, 12 over which people do go and that that is speeding. To be clear, it is breaking the law, but it's odd that how it's structured a way where you almost have to get an attorney in that state to fight for you on your behalf in court to dispute a speeding ticket. It's a whole weird thing. And so I say goodbye corruption.


Hello. Freedom. We're doing a do a two for here. Yeah. So which one? Wait. Saving some time, saving some Time's. Wonder who's doing. I'm actually keeping track of who is eliminating what here. So I would like to throw North Carolina out officially. So I Guess I'll take South Carolina to, you know, Bob helped me balance, I'll help him balance. Okay. That's fair. And then it's back to Bob. It would've really fun if he vetoed South Carolina after I agreed with him. Yes it would. Yes it would. All right, let's keep moving, shall we? Georgia? Gotta throw a veto. Damn, I had a suspicion. Yeah, you were right. I gotta keep Georgia. Any particular reason why?


I spent a lot of time, a lot of good memories. I like peaches. Savannah. Georgia's really nice and pretty. It's like the one east coast beach. I kind of like, I actually wanted to keep Georgia. I just assumed you would veto it so that that really worked out. I would, yeah, it's what's on, it's on my list of places to keep. You didn't mention the aquarium Aquarium's. Great. Coca-Cola, one of the, I think their main headquarters is in Georgia. Too many good things there. I can't, can't lose. Savannah is really awesome. We did our honeymoon in Savannah. It's great. So I'm down to one veto. We're both on one veto now, right Down to one veto piece. Yep. All right, Wade, We got rid of one of the Dakotas, right? We got rid of south. Okay, so let's go Idaho.


All right. Potatoes be damned Idaho on the chop block. You Idaho is like, well man, they're not even gonna remember us over here. Oh, sorry. Idaho. I don't even know anything about Idaho other than potatoes and Boise, I think. Yep. Oh, and Desmoines, is that Idaho or is that Iowa? That's Idaho. Moin I think is, it's Iowa, right? We'll never know. I already forgot. 'cause it's already gone. All right. It's gone. Idaho, Ida, Idaho. I don't know. All right, Bob. All right. This is gonna be a big cut.


Wyoming. Wyoming. Why was it ever a state goodbye. Hi. Couldn't tell you even what's there. It's so mean. What's what's the capital of Wyoming? Russia? Probably get rid of it. Whoa, You Mark. I, I think Moscow is what you're looking for. That that episode still lives in my head. Where it was like, pick a state in America, Russia. Like, man, this isn't about me. I'm just, It's a big time callback for those that are confused.


I don't even remember what that episode was. I just remember that bit And it sticks in my head. Look, man, don't, don't mock me like this. Don't mock me like this. Good times, good times, good times. Okay. Who? Wait, let's Go Arizona. Outta here, outta here. Too hot. They have some tux ins and some phoenixes grand canyons there. But like, we can dig a ditch. There'll be cool canyons. After all these states are gone. Are we smooshing everything together or is it lots of water in between here to, Let's see how it shakes out. What looks prettier. Maybe it'll look pret with all those other states going and not smooch Together. Yeah, we're, we're gonna become like a big island nation and be kind of crazy.


All right, Bob. All right. I don't know how people are gonna feel about this one, but I'm gonna check out Nevada. I know Vegas is fun. Had a lot of fun times in Vegas. Not fun enough that I feel like I need that in my new country that we're constructing here. I've been there twice. It's a, it's a cool city. I don't have that strong of a connection to it. I gotta let it go. Gone. All right. It's gone. Bye-Bye bye. How many more eliminations do we have? We still need a good dozen or more, don't we? It? Yeah. It's, it's a good bit left. So let's see. All right, let's get that other Dakota outta here. Whichever one it was. Man, it lasted a long time. That other Dakota. Well, we were just keeping that one around 'cause we knew how we felt about it.


Get outta here. We let it hang around longer. I feel like I have another easy one. Beautiful state. Tons of great stuff. Don't need Utah. That's fair. Goodbye Utah. Wait, George Washington sailed across a river here famously, but it's one of the OGs and I don't really care and nowhere nor do anything about it. Goodbye. Delaware. Delaware, man. All the, all the, all the companies incorporated in Delaware are gonna be really mad. Hey, come to Ohio. Wait. Does getting rid of Delaware piss off corporations? Yeah, because they have like next to zero corporate tax Rate. No. Yeah. I, I just hadn't thought about that.


Yeah. Get 'em outta here. Love that. Love that for us. Wade, you're spending a lot of time looking to your left. I'm not gonna lie. I made a list of places I want to keep. That doesn't seem like a list you need to read when you're nominating places you don't want to keep. But I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna protest this too much. Okay. All right. I have another controversial one. Wait, did we do this one? Maryland? We've Not done Maryland. Nope. I really like, I lived in the DC area for a summer. I really like the area. I feel like I could do without the Maryland side though. Sorry guys. Sorry. Sorry. Damn. No, get Rid of it. All right. It's gone. I'm not really questioning anything anymore. Who knows? I hate that this one lasted longer than Minnesota.


Minnesota deserved better than what it got. It really did. Iowa, I love corn, but like, what else you got for me? You know, we're, we're downsizing the population anyway. We don't need that much corn. Iowa groves corn. So, Eh, the only thing I know about Iowa is the Iowa Caucus. Isn't that a thing? I feel like I could live without in my rest of my life? I do have family in Iowa, and my father's family originally was from Iowa, but I only have the one veto left, and I just don't, it is mostly corn and pork, and it's good corn and good pork. That Desmoines place is there. And music man is from Iowa. But, no, I, sorry Man. This is getting heartbreaking now.


All right, Bob. We're really getting down to the nitty gritty here. Apparently I have something against new places, but I feel like New Jersey needs to go. All right. Not on my list. Goodbye. All right. Goodbye. All right. Okay. That's an easy going. Cool. All right. Wait. Louisiana, new Orleans. Beautiful, fun party town. LSU, Joe Burrow went to school down there. They have one of the greatest teams of all time, historical. They've been through a lot. Beautiful state. They got their craw, deads and whatnot, but they can crack my top 13. So it's gotta go. A Bozeman is in Montana. Yeah, Louisiana can go. Okay. All right.


Louisiana. Gone. Wait, did we do Montana? Did I miss, did I fall asleep for Montana? Montana's gone, right? Didn't we do that? Montana's Still in No, still here. I nominate Montana. What? You are connected to the most random places. I, I'm not connected to Montana. I just know Montana is a vast, beautiful, scenic state. We You, we've already eliminated many vast, beautiful states. Name one Colorado. It's not a state anymore. False. We got rid of it. Its Logic is undeniable. Wade is inevitable. I will concede Montana. I've got, I've got, I've got too many that are more important than Montana. But I do like, I did want to keep Montana.


It was on my list. All right. Here's the thing. It also got rid of the supervolcano at the same time. We dug that out, chucked it in like a bomb into the Pacific Ocean. Problem solved. No more supervolcano risk. So that's good. That is, that is good. That is good to, that'll help me sleep at night. Pennsylvania's gone. Yeah, Michigan's locked in. We gotta keep Michigan, but I'm feeling a little cramped here in Ohio. And I think the logical choice is to get rid of Indiana, but at least there's some space between us and Illinois. I gotta keep Illinois. Just get rid of the buffer. Give us, give me some space. It's Indiana. End the buffer state as we all know it to be. Any objections?


Nope. All right. It's gone. I was just thinking about one. Where did that go? In my brain. Hang on a second. That's the Tennessee, that's the one. Tennessee. Tennessee's going away. Lot of culture of Tennessee. There is a lot of culture in Tennessee. Country. Music basically originates from there. Well, it's not originate, but Beautiful place. Went there for a senior spring break, but goodbye, Man. Damn. All right. Well, I know, I know. I think I know how I'm gonna get Wade's Last veto. I'm excited about this One.


And Wade, it's your turn. Mississippi. M-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I. You don't have to learn that shit anymore. Do we? More like M-I-S-S-I-S-S-I. Bye. Bye. Bye. Sorry, Mississippi. Your river is really big. Just got bigger. I think Wade was onto something. We need more breathing room. Kentucky. Damn Kentucky. Well, part of Kentucky is basically Ohio, so like, I would be maybe down if there's a, a movement to carve off the, the cool part that's down, you know, in sort of the tri-state area and keep that annex that into Ohio. But we're not doing that. Mark made it pretty clear we're not doing stuff like that.


So the rest of all of Kentucky, nah, There's a lot of bad in Kentucky, but man, the Cumberland Lake and River Cumberland is just so awesome. It's Okay. We have Michigan. Got all the lakes you need up in Michigan. When I vacation, I don't wanna go north. The Foxville. I wanna go south where it's warm And it more paradise, you know? Yeah. Nowhere in Kentucky is Foxville, that's for sure. No, most of it is. That's why I'm debating. It's on my list of things to keep. But do I want to use a veto for it? You're last veto. Nope. Goodbye Kentucky. Okay. And with that, we're at 13 states.


Oh God. Would you like to hear the new United States? Wait, how many did You think were left? I thought there were at least three. At least We left. I've not been redoing my list since we'd eliminated two. So I was like, this got me some more. We were so worried about all the big beautiful states we got rid of. Nobody touched my boy Alaska. No. I wanted to keep Alaska. Alaska and Hawaii. No, no bigger or more beautiful state than Alaska. Oh, you gotta keep Alaska, Alaska, Hawaii, Ohio, Florida and Georgia were like, my top five protects.


Alright, Here, here's the big beautiful list. We kept California, Eh? Yeah. I like Cal. California was one of the ones I was considering my last veto for. It's okay. It's great. All right. Plus all the rest of us can mooch off California. 'cause their economy's so good. Yeah. The fourth largest economy in the world. Alaska is in the United States. California, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii. So far not so bad. Illinois in there. Michigan. Nebraska. Wait, Nebraska survive. I thought Bob got rid of the corn. Huskers. There's a different corn Husker. There's many corn.


Huskers. Nebraska made It. I made a Nebraska joke in the previous episode that we recorded. Oh God. That's why I thought, I thought they were already gone. I would've fought to get rid of fucking Nebraska sooner. I was like, now we already got rid of them. Nebraska's there. New Hampshire's there. New York's there. Ohio's there. Oklahoma is there. Vermont and Washington. Vermont. Nebraska and Oklahoma are wild. You fought for Oklahoma, you psychopath. That's there because of you. I said I would revisit it. You got rid of Texas and kept Oklahoma because that was your choice.


I don't regret that. But we could have gotten rid of Oklahoma too. Also New Hampshire. I'm never gonna get over to New Hampshire. Why? Why the shit did you do that? I One late night joke. It's a historical site. All right. All right. So here's how I'm gonna award the points for this round. I'm gonna award the points for most area. Cut. Most GDP lost. Oh No. Which man, Wade, you were fucking crushing these categories of huge cuts. Goodbye. Texas. Low points. And then I can't remember what my third category was gonna be. So we'll have To population or something. Oh yeah, that was, I think that was actually it. Yeah. Most people expunged.


Well, I'm fucked. No, no, it wasn't. It wasn't. No. It wasn't all gonna be negative. No, it was. It was. There was gonna be, I had some bad, some good. See, I forget how I set these things up from the beginning. Well, thank God you wrote it down, right? I Did not write anything down. Didn't think I wrote anything down. No, it was gonna be, it was gonna be most area cut, least people cut and then it was gonna be like most money lost, or it was gonna be, I can't, we're trying to improve. We want people and money probably, right? We Want people and money, but not the land can go. I think that's what, I don't know. Looking at what was lost versus what was kept. Before you go through points, is there anything we would exchange if we could go back?


Oh, We were gonna wait. Didn't we set one aside Oklahoma? We set Oklahoma aside and decided it then we never got to It to it. Right? Okay. We never got back to it. Counting is hard, man. That's why I was so sure you were gonna use your veto on Kentucky. I should have, in hindsight, Kentucky and Tennessee. I'd rather have the Nebraska and Vermont. Hey, Vermont's beautiful. Vermont is beautiful. Probably a better state than Kentucky. But like, Okay, I got, I gotta do some calculations here. Nebraska, we gotta get something back from Nebraska, right? I would, I would trade Nebraska, Vermont, or, and New Hampshire, but I'm not sure what I would trade them for. I would want Colorado back Colorado and Kentucky or, or Tennessee. I want Kentucky or Tennessee.


One of those. I would give you Colorado back over one of those. I let Colorado more than those. I'm not sure which one I would pick between Kentucky and Tennessee, But Kentucky's all personal reasons for me. But if it's gone, you know, but Tennessee's got some good stuff. It was a lot of murder. I didn't see any kind of actual thought or plan with yours, Wade. That was intentional. I didn't want you to know Wade was all over the map here. Every time I wanted to think of a state, I did. The Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut. Do, do, do. I was like, ah, there's one. So if you're, I wasn't looking to my left to cheat. I went through the song every time. The left is literally just a list of places. I was like, keep New York, California, Alaska, Hawaii, Georgia, New Hampshire, Illinois, Michigan, Washington, Florida, Ohio, Nebraska, and Vermont.


I Think. And after all of this, still, somehow for some reason, not Puerto Rico, I didn't count territories. I I did have kind of a strategy. I'm gonna be honest. I did not. I trusted my heart. And my heart led us to two mistakes. I mean, honestly, given that it was you and me, we could've done worse. We could've done a lot worse. All right, almost there. Mark's over here trying to hack into the matrix. I gotta calculate the population. GD in area of fucking 50 states. I Can't wait till you have to calculate our color shirts with our backgrounds too later.


All right. This is actually a fascinating, fascinating distribution of where this landed. This Is more work than I would've ever put in. I would've just lied to you guys. Would you like to know where these numbers land? Because it is fascinating. All right, so Wade, in your rambunctious tirade, you eliminated from these United States. 106 million people gone into the ocean, sunk forever, washed into the abyss. Bob, you, you killed 81 million people.


Sunk them into the abyss. It's not as much less as I would've thought. I think you made good efficient cuts without costing us too many lives. I'm gonna give you a point for that. All right, you, you're the lifesaver. Okay? Ah, dammit. In terms of GDP, one state alone caused this to swing total. GDP cut by weight was $7.08 trillion. Cut GDP cut with Bob, $5.57 trillion. So in these, if in terms of efficiency of cuts, Bob, you came out on top because, All Right, it picks Texas for some reason.


So you also said money saver. I'm Making this a better country. Mark. I'm not focused on the short term Money. Money, whatever. This is a long term investment. You Got that right? Because somehow Wade, in terms of total area cut, you cut 1.136 million square miles. Whereas Bob cut 1.14 million square miles. Oh, really? Even with Texas in there, Wade, somehow you made cuts to those small states. Offset the Texas cut. He Picked Rhode Island. I did get like Montana, Minnesota. There were some Wisconsin.


I got some of those pretty big like plain states. Middle of the country states, Utah's pretty big. New Mexico's pretty big. So that puts weight as the space saver. So he made the most efficient cuts in terms of, Oh wait, I wanted less. Oh no, I thought I was winning that. Oh, Well you won two outta three so far. Yeah, yeah. No, no, you cut. You cut more land, Bob. So, okay, Well, So for the remainder, the remaining land that is left over the population is 1 150 2 million people. So still good. You didn't cut. Neither of you cut more than that amount. GDPs. Yeah. 13.6. Well, we don't need to, you don't Have to.


I think seven states is the right number. Maybe a sequel. No, 15 minutes of cutting. Seven, six states. That's good math. All right. Th $13.69 trillion and 1.47, 1 million square miles. Now I'm gonna give another point to who made the best saves, who used their veto wisest and contributed more money. Population. GDP, I'm counting as one category to the new United States. Wade, you saved Georgia and New Hampshire. Bob, you saved Michigan and Illinois. That's a per it, it it. I don't, I don't know which way this is gonna swing. I feel like Michigan, oh, I don't know New Hampshire.


Prob, well, I don't know. I dunno. That's actually interesting. I'm not sure. I think I might have the edge. Maybe. Let me look. Okay, so Michigan, Georgia Was probably pretty good. Michigan 10 million, 77,331 population as of last. Illinois is 12 7 1 0 1 5 8. Population for that was for years. Bob's Georgia. Oh, Chicago is gonna be pretty big Though. Oh, but Georgia has 11,180,878. And then New Hampshire, Five people. That's 1,000,395. So by population, that also goes Bob. Yeah, that's fair.


But let's look at the other numbers. GDP, that's 1.1 trillion listed is 1,000,000,000,600 51 million for over there Should have saved. Tennessee, Georgia is 888 billion. New Hampshire is 93 billion. Oh no, I think, I think Bob might have made the best saves. And I think in terms of land as well, that point goes to Bob. Bob May, Bob used his vetoes wisely. I did it for Craig Ferguson. I'd do it again. I would've also saved Tennessee though. I Think if you'd have used your last veto weight on that last chance. So could have gotten you that one. But I think Bob just somehow got the, the bonus point for that one.


Alright. And so with that, we come to a close. Congratulations, guys. I'm sure this didn't make anybody mad, and no one's going to come after you. There might be a few states that come to the sub and be like, why wasn't I cut? Why? Why the us in here? Bob, I have a question. If I'd used my last veto earlier, would you have made Ohio one? I thought about doing that as a bit. 'cause then I would be like, well, we could just go to Michigan. I know. I literally saved my veto because I was like, Bob throws Ohio after saving Michigan. I would never be able to live with myself. I've got to save this veto. I was, that was one of my choices. I was kind of, because I was assuming you would save Kentucky. I was a little surprised you didn't save Tennessee.


But I've, I knew it was like your last veto. So I was like, All right. But Ohio had to be saved at all costs. Everything else was able to go on the chopping block to save Ohio. That's fair. All right. And with a point stand as thus. Bob, you got a point for sketchy pumps. Tarula mating season. You got the lifesaver. Most population, most money saved. And you made the best use of your vetoes Wade. Your relationship is in shambles. You failed To knock on wood. That's what Written down. I feel like we have two very different interpretations. No one can ever say Mark's bias. These are fairly distributed points.


Bob, your life's great, wade. Your life sucks. Oh, I wrote down LinkedIn balls though. But that's part of the same point, right? All right. And then you saved the most land. It's like we're very tied. What do you want to add to the wheel mark? Do we Already have something like blood thirsty or ruthless? I think we do, don't we? Most self-sabotage. No, I got it. Most time. Looked off screen. Most time looking away from camera. I do that a lot. That's that. That definitely favors me. I think. Well, I just set my stuff up so I don't have to look like I'm looking off camera right now. This is my, my Google area. But shall I spin some wheels? Oh, great wheel. How many bonus points shall there be?


Well, that's not very fun, is it? Well, that's the wheel. I'm, I'm gonna pick viewers again. It's definitely gonna be viewers. Nah, it's going bald. It's going Listeners. Oh, that's million dollar idea. Isn't that technically Bob? 'cause he had, he did technically make the most money. I had the idea for the, the water table pump that clearly is a million dollar idea. 'cause now people are making millions of dollars off of it, I assume. I Think based on the game we played and you being better at the money part. And that idea, I, I don't have an argument for this. Yeah, he did save the most money. So even this point, I believe goes to Bob. I was gonna call it, but this just, it just is what it is.


I'm gonna take my L. All right, fair enough. So a six to three victory for Bob. He secures it and he is now king of the new 13 United States. The new United States. We're gonna coin that. It's gonna catch on. So sayeth Bob, first of his name, and here's his speech. It feels good to win. Feels better to be king of this new great nation. I was a little worried that people were gonna come after me for my choices, but it's comforting to know that they're all floating in the bottom of the ocean, I guess. So what are they gonna say about it? I think I made the right choice. And I don't, don't think anyone who's left is gonna disagree.


Congratulations to us all. Thank you. Thank you very much. My leave, Wade, Ohio, Florida, Washington, New Hampshire, Georgia, Hawaii, Alaska, California, Kentucky, New York, Montana, Tennessee, Minnesota. That's what should have been. But I lost my opponent. Outplayed me, outperformed me, outthought me, outmaneuvered me. So I salute to the flag of the new, new United States. You know, we did our best. We ax as we went without thinking it turned out. All right, couple, couple bruises. I don't like couple of limbs missing. I'd like to have back couple of things attached I could live without.


Overall, it's All right. Charged in like a maniac with a chainsaw, and we kind of got what we deserved. Well, this podcast is what all of you listeners and viewers deserve. For sure. Be sure to follow it, to get more of what you deserve on a regular basis, or at least be alerted of it, or at least make us look really good in the eyes of the people that care about those things. All right, follow these guys. Bob and Wade, my cream Lord, may 7, 7, 7. My name's Mark. Mark Blair. We'll be back with more Distractible very soon. Have a good day. Don't be offended. But if you are, go to the subsite.com/.