
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root Beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode, it's a S SMU spectacular Wickless. Wade loves Romulus. Xenos has a coming canine and leads the lads to cartoon character Crudity. Majorly Mark gets sweaty in Texas, doesn't dig Bowser nor situational. Spider-Man. Sex scenes bedraggled Bob gets blown away and creamy after chores from car wash capers to porn Parities, it's time for we won't get banned for this.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Audi, everyone. welcome back to another episode of Distracted. I'm today's host. Wait, because I won. I'm joined as always by my friends Mark and Bob. Hello. Hi. Hi. Sorry, I just, my eyes saw something that I wish they didn't saw. I can't go back in time. To whose Butt hole. No, it's not a butt hole. Just, you know, sometimes I read the news from our reporters in the field and I saw a headline that just, anyway, continue. Don't worry. I'm sure you'll see worse today if you haven't joined us before, this is the show. Or one of us host the other two compete for points and the winner gets the host. The next episode, the game, the points, all that's determined by the host.


Some might say it doesn't matter, but I would say it could. How ghost things. It's been a hole since last time we recorded. Since we recorded, I discovered how much the human body can sweat. That's what you were looking at just now. No, no, that's different. That's What I saw a picture of. It's a lot. I'm sweating right now. Yeah, I'm gonna go this whole episode with never saying what this, this, the title is, but I'm gonna refer to it through the entire thing. I'm Gonna keep referencing it and trying to get you to, but I accept that premise. It's, it's horrible. It's horrible. But I'm gonna give you a point for whatever the word is. I can't think of for holding your ground. There's a word for that. A staunch point. You're being very staunch right now. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There we go. I like the word staunch.


Bob, I'm gonna give you a point for the word staunch mark. I guess you get two points for being staunch. I dunno. Anyway, that's probably all the small talk points that anyone will get unless Bob says something completely crazy. Wow. Okay, well I'll just relax then. I guess I was gonna not give any small talk points, but man, I, I gave in right away. I was gonna build this story up a little bit more, but I just have like a really short story about how I'm an idiot and I got to put that on display for one very lucky woman at the car wash. Go on. So is, this is really not that good of a story. It just is like, it's it's in my head and I can't let go of it because of how it played out. Wait, I got a new car recently and you know when you get a new car you get that paper license plate until you get like your real metal license plate and you put that on there.


And I got the new car and it's been kinda like raining on and off. And, it's like pollen season or something. The car got really dirty really quickly and it's a dark colored car. And so I was like, ah, well I'll just, I should get a car wash. I'll get a a nice touchless quality car wash. Just rinse this bad boy off. I don't know what I thought a paper license plate was made to withstand, but I, it didn't occur to me. I just went to this car wash and I pulled in And. it was doing the, the whole thing got the premium. Oh 'cause you're filthy rich and it's one of those where you sit and you park And, it washes and then the dryers are just like big blowy things and you drive slowly out And, it blows your car dry.


And I did that and I was like pulling very slowly trying to use every, all the dryer time. And as I got, as the back of the car went through the dryers and I thought I was done out of nowhere, off of the back of the car. And like in my mirror, in the corner of my eye, I just see something go, just like explode away as small. Just fucking what? And I was like, is that an animal? What happened? Was there a bat under the car? And so I pull out a little and I park and I put my blink, my hazards on, and I get out and I go and the, that paper license plate was not put, it was not screwed on with the little screws that hold the license plate on. It was not taped on with, I thought maybe it had sticky back. It was just wedged. There's a little license plate frame and the guys at the dealership were just like, boop, that ain't going nowhere.


And so the moment the dryer touched the thing, it flew off in a hurricane of bullshit. And of course there's a line of people at the car wash, right? Everyone's car is dirty for the same reason mine was. And so I that happened and the lady is about to, there's a lady in a Mercedes about to pull into the car wash behind me and I'm like, wait, wait, wait. And I go walking back into the car wash like an idiot. Just like, I need that my license plate. But, and the lady is kind of just like, Hmm, alright. I mean he, you know, she wasn't mad. She was, she thought you were just soaking wet and you need, I need the dryers go on, turn them on. And so I'm frantically, it's like a big drain in the middle, right? so I make, I do my first look around and I'm like, oh God.


I went down the drain, it got And, it went into the water and then it's gone forever. And I was just like looking and I was like, is it in the brushes? Is it what? And this lady's watching me for a solid 30 seconds, which doesn't sound like very long, but when I'm frantically, you know, dripping nasty car wash, which the drips made my skin burn. Love that for me. And the lady's just sitting there And it some point, she kind of like opens her window and Pete and is like, Hey what? And I come over to where we can talk and I'm like, I'm so sorry I my license plate like blew off my car. I'm just trying to find it. And she's like, oh yeah, yeah. And I sort of ignore her and just go back to frantically searching and she gets my, after another stretch time gets my attention again. And. it is like hey. And I'm like, yeah, what? I know the license plate.


I'm doing it. And she's like, is this it? And it was laying like 10 feet away behind her car. Like just in the parking lot. Real obvious. Like everyone else who was in line waiting we're all like, I bet he's looking for that license plate that just blew over here. Well I'm climbing around the dripping chemical house and, and I look for like have a second. I'm like, ha oh and just go, sadly like pick it up in front of the whole line of people and why and walked back and she's like, ah, my mom only said I had good eyes. I dunno what to say to that internally. I'm just like, yeah, well wine sucked. Thanks, See you.


Anyway, I got the license plate back and that was when I discovered, I went to go put it back on and I was like, how is this on here? What? Nothing. It was, it was essentially the same way you put like a form at the, on a clipboard at the doctor's office. It's how my very important legal registration was held on the car from the dealer. So thanks for that. Also, it's blue now. It was a white piece of paper but now it's a bright blue piece of paper that says my, so it's like cool. Right. That's cool. That's fancy. I'm sure the cops will love to pull me over and ask me questions about why my white license plate's all blue and whatnot. Yeah, I I don't know if you can criticize their, their placement method too much because I don't think they anticipated anyone would be foolish enough to take their temporary license plate through a car wash.


It could have blow it. Would it blow? I drove on the highway. It held up a long way through until the mega jets hit it. So I'd say like, that's, that's pretty, when you got eight like inflatable tube, flailing arm man jets pointed at you. I'd like to see you stay at one place. I don't know if you could sustain that. I think at least all my clothes would be blown off. He Did, man. He was in there for half an hour looking for it. I could clinging to anything with those stupid fans blowing at me. No, I just, I drove that car on the highway. It was raining out. It was windy out. I don't know, I, I acknowledge that it was stupid that I didn't think of that and went through the car wash. But like if it blew off anywhere else while I was using the car, it was definitely gone forever. I'm not pulling over on the highway to find that thing.


It's just gone. What Speed does the air blow in a car wash versus It's approximately the force of an F five tornado? Well I guess didn't expect you to drive through a tornado. He got the premium man. He got the premium extra blow. Anyway. If you ever wanna feel like a top tier moron for just a small number of people and especially mostly the one lady who was right there watching me the whole time, just go ahead and do that. It's real fun. It's a great experience. It doesn't ruin the rest of your long day filled with errands at all. That's Good to know. 'cause it sounds like it Would, it burned my skin. I didn't like touch a lot but I was sort of look, you know, looking and And, it dripped on me a little bit. It burned like acid until I got to the store and washed my hands in the, the bathroom at the grocery store.


Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. That reminds me of Alien Romulus, which I went to see, which is very good. Oh, 'cause the acid because You're like dripping like acid on your skin. I was like, oh right, right. Like Xenomorphs very good movie. I enjoyed it. Mark, I don't know the whole time Bob was telling his story, all I could think of was your sweat. I don't know if you told the story about your sweat, but I was just like, man, they should have traded places 'cause Mark needed to walk through the car wash. Yeah, well it, it's my experience in Texas. I don't know why, but I only catch it at the extremes. I don't know if you guys remember when we filmed heist in Texas at the sewage treatment plant. I do. It was toasty. It Was toasty. Thankfully your scenes were at night or Underground. Or underground where the sewage was Very clean. Sewage pipes. It was fine.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Just like the, the standing water all around you that had been filled with tampons and poop. Really unpleasant. But look great. I wasn't there, you know, there. But every time I go to Texas one cream or the other, when I was filming, you know, iron lung originally, I don't know if it was a spoiler or nothing, but there's a lot of blood in the movie. Right? So the first time we were filming it, you know I'm in the blood, right? And so the thing is you think blood's warm, it's really cold. It Was really, Really cold. I almost got hypothermia multiple times because of that. So that it's either one extreme or the other where it's extremely hot or extremely cold. And this last time I was just out there again doing something else and we were in this warehouse for three days straight with no air conditioning in the Texas heat.


Not a cloud in sight. You know, that's the really unfortunate thing is like, it's the hottest day you're in a metal building. You're like, oh hopefully a cloud will pass by now. Clear skies for all week long, nothing but clear. Nothing gonna ruin your picnic here. It's just gonna be hot. So it was 106 degrees inside the warehouse and we were in there for 12 hours And. it was really, That's too hot. That's the kind of temperature where you go in the sauna for five minutes at 106 degrees and then you come out and get in an ice bath and your body is like, Ooh, that's nice. Not 12 hours. 12 hours is too long. Mark Really sweaty. I don't think I've sweat that much in my entire life. I was so I sweat so much. I was physically exhausted by the end of the day. My whole skin was tired. And I think it's just because, like I don't sweat too much Normally I, I probably should get more variety in my life than constant 72 degrees inside and air conditioning.


But man, I was lucky that my sweatland still worked because whew, it was extremely hot. Closest I can relate was probably when we, we did the boiler room lug scene. The boiler Room looks. Yeah, That was pretty, I think it was a boiler room. I don't know what it was. It was hot. There were a lot of hot pipes. It's, they're really good in Texas about finding the abandoned asbestos filled structures. 'cause they look so good on set because as you're walking around they look awesome. Yeah, you kick up the asbestos And, it creates this nice fog in the air. They Look like you'd walk in and immediately die. It's like, man, what a great scene for this. I know, right? Yeah. But it, it looks great. It, you know, you can't deny it looks incredible. But yeah, it's hot.


That's great. I've only ever been to Texas during the hot parts specifically. Mostly Austin. It's really gross. I'm sure it was plenty humid inside too, which is just makes it even better. It was your own humidity I guess. Maybe that is better. You made the humidity so it smelled good. Should have done your blood scenes now. 'cause then like could have got your blood boiling Wade point. Don't do, don't do that. Don't give yourself a point for that. I'm the judge. I got myself a point. I deserved it The same way. I deserve an ice cream after I go out and do one errand. Yes. Oh okay dude. There are times where I'm like, I got three errands drug. I gotta run to the bank. I go to a store, I'm gonna get ice cream afterwards.


Need you the first of three and you're like, oh I'll get my first ice cream and then I'll go to the bank. No, I do all three. That's good thinking though Bob. God, that's so genius. I'm gonna give you a genius point. We Deserve it. Wade. You're not wrong. I don't incentivize my life enough. I should. I should gamify it. It's good to try food rewards to positive behaviors. There's nothing wrong with that. Like dogs Dude. Dogs. My dogs man. Okay, real, real quick. Side note Here. Man. Dogs. Oh fuck 'em. Am I right? Ugh. So they've been on a diet for a while, right? Because Ginger was at an unhealthy weight. We had to get her weight down. We got her weight down right where they wanted it right around 16, 16 pounds. Then we had to leave and they stood over at my mom's.


Their dogs have access to their food and treats all day, all the time. Like the food is down, they don't overeat. Their treats are out. They'll like nibble on a treat, then they'll go hide it somewhere, save it for later. I don't know what happened in the breeding pool for our dogs. But they don't, there's no conservativeness with food. If it's out, it's gone. So they go over to my mom's house and I'm pretty sure they clean out every bowl they find every treat hidden anywhere in the house over the last six years and devour it. We get them back and Ginger's belly is just like bloated. Presley is like laying around kind of like one of those towels, the reject towels in the South Park Towely episode where it's just like, kill me. 'cause they're just so stuffed. My sister feeds them well.


But like they don't get over fed by intentional methods. They just find everything else to eat. They go to my mom's And. It's like Disney. They just keep gobbling all this food. I did that tell you guys that Ginger learned how to open a Velcro sealed bag. Ha. That's impressive. This little dachshund has learned how to tip over a giant bag of food. Rip open the Velcro and climb inside. While that sounds nice, but also how with her mouth, with her, I haven't seen her do it. You need to get this on camera. The top of the bag is just covered in like little teeth marks and we've had to move it where it's out of their reach. So we had a bag that didn't seal properly. Keter hopped in it and we literally saw him in there throwing food out to the dogs.


And now Ginger knows how to open the Velcro Caterer's is secretly scheming to get rid of the dogs caterer's in the back. Like eat fatties, eat heart disease. Heart disease. I don't know man. It's wild. The way that they are about food, they are ravenous. So we went to my mom's the other day and Ginger just the whole time is just staring at us whining. She gets fed for three minutes. She's like All. right? Finally what? It just starts up again. It's like, I don't know what happened. They are, we have three ravenous animals that are just like uncomfortably hungry and I think they're gonna kill us and eat us in our sleep. You Know what I always say to Lexi when she gets too uppity? Sounds like somebody's aiming to become an outside dog.


Do you say that? Do you, that sounds like something you really say. I say That a lot to her. She's getting old and cranky. She just like doesn't listen. Like she'll literally, if you walk into the room and she's shitting in the middle of the floor, you can look at her and be like, Lexi, stop. Like come here l and she'll just be like, hang on. Like she does not give a shit. She is that, that kind of old cranky dog. So If I was in the middle of taking a dump and someone's like, Hey you come here. I'd be like, hang on a second. I think if someone came in and screamed at you, you might like pause for a second and try and figure out what the deal was. It just depends how deep you are into the release. You know, if the ship is half out of the back of the bigger ship, You're a ship, you're poop is a ship, you're equals, you're both ships just one of these bigger than the other.


Yes. I think I blanked out halfway through this conversation because I have no idea how we got to this point. Dude. That is how I am on this podcast virtually all the time. I dunno what happened either. All, right? Mark awaiting it. Point. Bob, I did give you points for great storytelling with your car wash. Anything else you guys wanna talk about before I jump into the topic? Topic? Oh, that's enough. You're gonna wish you had. So the other day I was doing a stream. My friend Patrick had his birthday yesterday, but he did a stream O Sunday. We were playing, what was it called? Not overcooked, the other cooking one. Undercooked side cooked legend of the hidden cook played up. Oh, okay. I don't know how we got here, but we got to a point where he said something about cheesing me or something.


'cause he was trying to make tacos and that led him to think of a character. I don't know how good this image is gonna look. It's gonna be very small here. But I'm gonna share a character with you. I'd like you to meet Dick Achu from the hit movie. Stroke him on. Oh, I get you. I see where this is going. Is This from Mark Smasher pass video? Or It could be. How about Sponge Knb? Oh no, I don't like how dirty his holes are. Yeah, that's, that's really unpleasant to look at. And you, you actually, it looks like someone really worked hard on that costume, but no Sponge Knb. I'm assuming Sandy Cheeks kept her name.


Yeah, That one kind of works. That one doesn't need any adjustment. He is motioning at his tie for some reason. Oh yeah, his, yeah, his tie. Yep. Don't scroll any lower. Nope. Stop. Hold on. I just had the whole podcast flash before my eyes. Thankfully I had this image saved. I know We could blur that in post, but don't, Hey. Yeah, listen, editors from here on out, we're gonna play, we're gonna play podcast roulette. You just don't censor anything ever in this episode. Don't you dare. It's just like Ethan getting banned for showing a, a vagina on screen for like, for like a minute. Did you see that? No.


Oh, I sure did. Did you see what JP tweeted at him? No. Hey, at least you don't have an excuse to not find it now or something like that. Yeah, yeah. So Bob, he was going Wikipedia, like hide and seek whatever it's called. I don't remember. You, you try to go from one topic to another through hyperlinks only. So he is trying to go from something to clitoris and so he, he gets to clitoris and he's like, yes, I did it. And then he looks away. I don't know what he is doing like on his phone or something. And it. It's Wikipedia. So the image for the article is just a vagina. Some lady spread her legs like An actual lady spread leg shaved. It is. And it's like, there's like a circle, you know where the clitoris is and a zoom And. it is like, it is this closeup and it's a closer picture of just the clitoris.


And he's just like, boop boop off to the side. Chats like exploding by the side. Hey, then no. And then 30 seconds go by and he's like, oh no. And the slowest scroll you've ever seen down just like, oh, oh. And he scrolls down to another anatomical drawing of the clitoris. He doesn't like close into anything. Just He's like, thank God I'm still safe on this clitoris page. And I get that. There's nothing I've seen about anatomical to be Fair. That's like sy that's pretty sciency. But it, it's like there are certain Wikipedia pages that are just straight on me. Oh, the pick. I bet the page for penis is just a big old penis.


That's Very, very easty. Yeah. I think he got what, a three day band for that, which after like his eight day stream, he probably was gonna take three days off anyway, so it works out. But It was a 14 day stream, I think. I know you are curious, mark, the, the Wikipedia page for penis does have pictures. Not humans. Oh, Bob, you wanna see clitoris? Oh, They're, they're including the entire animal kingdom in over here on the penis page. Dude. Is this where you went? Used to go Mark, when you would text me What You used to text me, animal penises sometimes randomly. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Almost Exclusively. There was one occasion, you, you don't make this.


Like I did this as a hobby and there was a reason for It. I Don't forget what the joke was. I'm having a different memory of this. It Was, I there was a rainbow penis specifically. I remember that one. That's The one. What do you mean you remember that one? There was no Others. I thought there were more. I remember more. How long in your mind had I been sending you penises? Oh man. Like six months. Six months. Biweekly. It was One time. One day By memory. Might be scooter. Maybe yours is someone here doesn't remember. Right. You might need to blur my glasses out the entire time I was scrolling those pages on my computer. No, no blurry, no blurring. I love how the penis article says not to be confused with peanuts or PEs.


Wait, what's Pix? PEs is a Cornish language family name originating in Cornwall. People named Peanuts. Amanda Pix Pennix is also the Atlanta Falcons draft pick quarterback back up there behind Kirk Cousins. Oh, isn't that also where the Arizona's basketball team is located in Phoenix, Arizona. God damnit. Ah, I get it. I dunno why I didn't connect that. That that should have been obvious. This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist.


That sounds Less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint Mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talk and text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit to a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-E $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details.


Well, speaking of all this penis and weirdness, I just wanna talk about the internet. Maybe porn, maybe not specifically porn, but my God, dude, I didn't know this character existed, but we went down a rabbit hole between stroke on and sponge knb. So you just want us to find all the porn parodies we can. The worst. Just the worst characters. They don't have to be porn characters, but I imagine most of them are. There was also a character of, I don't know if this is a real character in the games or in the universe or not, but I searched for Bette, which apparently was a big internet phenomenon at one point that I missed out on. And I saw some images of Bette that I didn't need to see. Was that the name or was there was another name. Right? It was like a female Mario Bowser character.


It was 'cause the Crown turned anyone who wore it into a version of Princess Peach, which is just such a weird thing in general. I I think that people forget that there's some people in Japan that are a bit strange just like there are everywhere. But I don't see how anyone could have made that completely innocently. Nothing about the Bette images I saw were innocent. It was a lot of tails and holes. What, why were there tails? Bette had a tail. Why Did the Bette have a tail? Does Bowser have a Tail? He's a turtle dude. What do you mean? No, Bowser does have a tail, but it's like a little, it's like a little turtle tail. That's what you grab in in Super Mario. 64. You grab his little tail nub.


Wait. Oh wait, I'm so sorry. If you look at other tail, there's one image there that's just, just, Here we go. I'm sorry. It's just, it really caught me off guard. Oh man. Oh no. You see it? I thought. I think so. Yes. Just so The YouTube video, something is wrong about Bowser. Yeah. Yeah. I see why. Oh, But I, I don't know why I'm thinking of Bowser from like Mario three or something. I, oh, even then he has a tail. Okay. So he always has a tail. Okay. He Does have a tail. He does have a tail. I guess it's because my first introduction to Bowser was like Super Mario World where he was in the, the weird clown thing, which I never really understood what it was.


You know, the flying clown thing, you never see his lower half. Really? so I guess I and he is, and there's other art where he is from the front mostly. so I never noticed the tail, but yeah, he does have a tail. Wow. And Mario 64. You do grab it. I don't know why. My brain was like, he doesn't have a tail. I Guess disclaimer to everyone out there watching and or listening. A lot of these searches are probably not the safest for work or anything. 'cause your eyes will never be the same After seeing some of the things I've seen, I don't know. I just Googled bow that and I'm like, All. right. I get it. I I get it. Look, I get it. Look, I get it. Okay. That's fair. Do you think the same about Sponge Knb? I get it. He has a lot of holes. They're a little gunky looking, but he has a lot of holes. Can I ask for some tips on this? Is what, what do you Google to find these things, Wade?


What do you put in there? Honestly, here's what happened. Bird brought up Stroke 'em on and Dick Achu, I was searching 'cause Patrick was like, you know what, I'll make an emote. If we can find a good like safe for work emote or picture of Dick Achu, I'll make it an emote. so I was like, I'll try to find you one somehow searching Dick Achu or stroke him on just Sponge Knb was one of the random images there. And then I brought them up. And then I think Byrd once again, he's a very knowledgeable on porn parodies brought up Bt and I just searched Bette at that point. so I don't know what you do to find, I I mean, I just sign weird search. Weird porn parodies. Weird parodies. I don't know. Oh, I've already got tab after tab. But what, what do you mean? I'm way ahead of you. All, right? Mark might dominate this one. I apologize.


All, right? Yeah. Apparently I lack the skillset here to succeed at this. Okay, I'll start off easy because it's like, there's, there's there there's Triple Xmen. That's that's an obvious one that Yeah, I wouldn't have thought of it, but yeah. Okay. So it's weird because there's a Scooby Doo porn parody, but it's just called Scooby Doo. Oh, is that Scooby? Oh, there's Scooby Doo. No, it's just Scooby Doo, you know Scooby Dash Dow instead of a dash is a dick. So it's like, Oh, there's, There's Hora like Borat. I, I feel like that one was already pretty, I mean, yeah. Fab to the Future. Yeah, I see that one. That's pretty good. There's a couple here that are like very not adventurous because it, it's just Star Wars Triple X and there's just Austin Powers Triple X and it's like, there's Avengers a porn parody that's not, no, They have to have clever names.


You gotta have Stroke 'em on Dick Chu. I thought this was just one that people just said because it was obvious. But apparently Edward Penis Hands is a real parody. That Makes Sense. Oh no. Oh God, I don't like scrolling this already. Okay. It gets bad fast and you never know the Triple Exorcist. That's pretty good. Bob's boners, Bob's Bon Still still starring H John Benjamin. Surprisingly The Exorcist. What? The Exorcist is like the la the bottom movie that would make me think porn. It's, Well look man, I don't know what to tell you. You wanna see the cover head Spinning, vomiting. Someone's like, what if she was naked? I have a, I have one that would probably compete with that for Doesn't make you think of Porn.


Not by Quentin Tarantino, but by Dirk Yates Drill Bill. Oh yeah. Do you think someone's gonna make a Ginger Dead man? The Ginger head Man. Ginger head man. Yeah, it, it writes itself. It writes itself. Wait, wait, there's one. It's Honey. I blew everybody. Oh wait, I've got another one. Wait, does this compete for, wouldn't think of porn when you watch the original Material. Evil Head? Yeah, that's up there. Wait, I've got another one. The Texas Vibrator Massacre.


Oh, but what about Night of the Giving Head? Ooh. Is any man's penis safe? Well actually this one was kind of sexy in its own ways I guess. But it, the, the tagline on the cover is too much for me to not say it. The Penetrator, I'll come again. You know how he says that in the movie? Yeah. Yeah. I'll come again. Okay. Wrap your heads around this one. Glad he ate her. Oh, I didn't know they would do war movies too. Hey, we've got Shaving Ryan's privates. Yeah, I've Heard of that One. That's a classic.


All quiet on the breasts in front. Sorry. There's Ben in her By This is all of your fault, everyone watching it or listening. I apologize for my topic, but if I had to suffer through this, you all do too. Oh wait, Raiders of the Lost Ars. That's pretty good. Is this what you wanted us to do, Wade? Are we doing it? Sure man. I mean, I was thinking more of like the cursed characters, but you know, I'm enjoying the titles so much that at this point I don't care. I'm just gonna start giving out points like it's candy.


Oh, Spanking Stein Come and Comer. Is this gonna get us banned? I dunno if you even just saying this is okay. I don't know either, but you know, we could talk about whatever we want. I went down this horrible rabbit hole of seeing, I don't know man. Dick Chu and Sponge Knb were so fucking cursed to look at. Well The thing is, I'm looking at some of these like video cover Arts and Edward Penis Hand Hands. It looks actually like they went to great lengths to replicate the look of Edward's penis hands.


'cause No, yeah, the costuming is is elaborate. This That's, that's not terrible. That's not terrible at all. I don't want, I'm glad he doesn't have his penis hands in frame though. But the, the hair and the makeup, you know, that's not bad Dude. There's an image of Edward Penis hands eating spaghetti with his hands. Ooh, That's tough. Ah, I don't feel like this one needed to be changed. I needed a ruling on this one. Very popular show. Very sexy. Did it need to be changed to Boob watch? No, it was already pretty much there. Was it Baywatch already? Pretty much just about mostly naked girls running around the beach and there's some suits and doing saving people and stuff. Pretty close I feel. I guess you have to change it for like copyright reasons.


I guess that's part of the thing is you can't, I feel like Titanic you could just add like a D. You have Titanic and Titan Dick Titanic. That'd Work right night at the Cox Berry. Well is that, I don't know that movie. No, you don't Know Niha Roxbury. You Know the SN L sketch where they're like, they're playing the What is Love and they're doing this The Yeah, the who is that? Will Ferrell and what's that? Who's the other guy? Is that the guy who plays Mango? Is that a parody of something that's real? I always thought that was just them doing a sketch. Knight Atha Roxbury was one of those SNL sketches that turned into a movie from that same era as like wave four and Stuff. Oh I see, I see, I see, I see. There's a few that are like, you know they're All, right? Lord of the Cock rings Lawrence of a labia, That's a thinker Intercourse with the vampire.


So it's like, you know, there's some that are, they're okay. I like the ones where the movie is so big that there are multiple, you have to sort of pick which one is the best one. There's a Ninja Turtles one. I don't know the name of it. There's, I've seen Sex Busters, which is pretty mid, but then there's Nut Busters, which I feel like is way higher Tier. Yeah, that's true. That's true. If You guys can find the Ninja Turtles one. 'cause it looked probably terrifying. I don't want to Google that. Bob, you You Got it. I'm googling it already. I love that. The first thing I find looks like an SNES cartridge box. Like it's got like the, the wide aspect art. Oh, I saw the cover art and I was like, what's, that's so funny.


But, and then I saw a clip from inside The, the song. The song still works. Even you could use the same music. Yeah, I don't remember the song. 10 Inch Mutant Ninja Turtles. 10 Inch Mutant Ninja Turtles. Turtle Power. Oh, I found shredder. Oh No, I'm gonna close this tab there. Thank you. Yep. We'll go back. Ah, the porn identity. That's, They could have a, they could have a trilogy. The porn. Ultimatum. Porn supremacy. I think the list that I might have right now isn't movies that have actually been made. It's just someone coming up with potential names for thing. Yeah, that's Fair. I then again, it seems like a lot more things exist than I would've thought.


I see SpongeBob on tv. My first thought isn't, man, I would like to see him in live action with his dick out. Well that's not your specific thing, but there are probably lots of people who have that Thought. Yank my Doodle. It's a dandy another. This is so dumb. Will he Bon Ya in the Chocolate Factory? Oh my God. Do you think it's still like the Founding Fathers? There's a founding daddies. That's the kind of thing I really appreciate though, is that they weren't just like, Willie Dick Ya. They were like, let's really think on this one. Let's put some thought, let's work on it. Let's workshop this. And they got that makes me wanna watch that.


I don't think that these are real. I just Googled that it doesn't exist. So sadly, come On. It's, It's there for the taking. It's, it's ripe. That's So good. I Love that. What would be like one of the more horrific ones to exist? I just found it. Star shit. Poopers. I don't want, oh God. No, No, no, no, no. Oh, do they fight bugs? All, right. Well I found a really painful mist. Makes me sad inside. It's an ET parody, but it's called ET porn Home instead of the much more obvious et bone home. Come on, this is what I'm saying. Think. Think about these things.


Yeah. Come on. You're the future of porn parodies. You gotta think There's gotta be some Star Trek, right? We've heard Star Wars, Starship Poopers. I, the only Star Trek ones I've seen are just called like Star Trek porn parody. Yeah, I've got this again, this is just a list of people coming up. It's like Sex Trekked. The next penetration Sex Trek two. The Wrath of Come Sex Trek three. The search for sperm. No, but two has such a better one. The Wrath of Dong Dog. It works on so many levels. It's like the people who make these don't worry about the artistic side of what they're doing. Face Jam doesn't even seem like it.


I dunno, Dude, there's a lot of Throbbing hood movies. I think. I think my list peaked at Come and Come and I, I don't think it's gonna get any better than that. Throbbing Hood Men and Thighs. This is just too much of a classic film to leave it off the list. Asab Blanca. Mm. Ah. I don't think this what's real but, and you know everyone's favorite period drama. Downton Abbey. How do you imagine you might purify that name wrong. Of course you would go with down on Abbey. Ah, of course, of course. Is Iron Lung gonna get one of these? Mark? What's it gonna be called? Iron Tongue.


Iron Tongue record. Amounts of blood. No, I don't want that Iron Tongue record. Amounts of gum. I've Got big trouble in little China. Oh man. Yeah. See, there we go. That's tough. I, I don't think this one Stars Will Smith, but he kinda looks like him A laic. Oh yeah, I see it. It never had a Fred like me. I think I'm running dry here. That's good man. There's been a lot of wet. I didn't even think about all the fucking Disney movies. 20,000 legs under me. That's, that's not bad. I found another Clunker N Porn on D Dynamite. Ah, that's good.


That Tits a wonderful Life. It's too much Tits. A wonderful life. All video game porn parody movies of things that didn't even exist necessarily. Well this one did exist. Womb writer obviously. What about Clifford and his Big Red Dong would be like a furry porn. Oh, that's a children's book. I don't, Yeah, come on man. I thought SpongeBob was a kid's show, but here we are. Oh, SpongeBob is for adults. Oh, okay. My bad. But also kids, but mostly okay man, I really should have not Googled some of this stuff. Yeah, this is forever on our computers. Google just like was was watching and somewhere in the algorithm Google was just like, huh, well we gotta start showing this stuff now.


I have one monitor, it still has Sponge Knob zoomed in and then my other one here says 10 Inch Mutant Ninja Turtle still. So yeah, this is, this was a hell episode, but it was one, I had to share this with you all because of the pain Bird put us through, I don't know if you saw Dick Achu, but like it was Gash Chu 50 Cock and Dick Achu. And there's a gif of like Dick Achu making some horrible face and team rocket just getting covered in wetness. It's not good. Team Rocket's getting off again And we're back All. right. Let's getting grossed out. Nah. Yeah. Right. Okay. That's not, that's not gross at all. Anyway, yeah, I think that's about it.


I don't think there's any anymore out there. No, no more ideas. What's missing? What's missing? Is There something specific that you think is missing? No, no. I'm just asking you guys. are You trying to lead us somewhere here? No, No. I'm trying to stir some creativity here. No, there are no, you know, speaking of Alien Romulus, are there any Xeno more fired films? I hope not. Okay. I got, I gotta show you. I'm gonna show, I'm gonna share my screen. The risk of everybody here. Hey, We can't blur things. Be careful. Is this a porn parody? I can't tell. Get ready. Hold on to your butts and we're gonna get banned in 3, 2, 1. No, it's just like, it just what? I don't know. It just says paranormal parody. I don't know if this is supposed to be like one of those comedy parodies or if this is some sort of porn parody.


I just don't know why this is the cover. Art Paranormal Parity is some funny shit. You'll laugh, you'll cry. You'll want a cut a bitch All. right? That's it. That's all I got. Well That one, thankfully that one was not, I don't know. I don't know what we just saw, but yeah, that existed. All. right? What genre are we missing? What Mo movie? Your shows cartoons. What are we missing? There weren't any animes listed. Like my Ides Nuts or something. I don't think. Oh, I don't think they make them about those. Oh. Why are you disappointed All. right. Don't worry, I'll find it for you. I thought, I thought nothing was too sacred. Well I don't, I'm not making these man. You Could. Is there a universe, an alternate reality where I went down this road?


Yes. Is there an alternate reality where you went down this road? A hundred Percent. What About Bob? What about Bob? I, it's possible. I'm not gonna say never. He was sick that day, but he showed up for some of the funny ones. Yeah. I wasn't feeling so good, but no, you know what I, you know what? We hadn't really included much of the, the entire, oh, I'm trying to think of a good, it's too late. The MCU porn parodies. There's like a whole MCU of of parodies out there that definitely Captain America and his little soldier, Scarlet Witch versus Dr. Strange versus, I guess is a way to look at it. Also, there's a, a crossover that they made happen that Marvel would never be brave enough to do Spidey pool.


Oh Mm. Right. You know what? That, that reminds me of in a weird way. Do you remember when YouTube had this like, infection of videos that were coming out that was everyone dressing up as like Elsa and Spider-Man and then Doing really inappropriate weird things to each other. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And I think I've forgotten about that until just now. But I think people have forgotten. Like that was also a big part of why Adoc Clipse happened is because it was this huge thing. Whereas like all, all of these videos were coming out that was marketed as like kids content And. it was just like really extremely bizarre. It's like worse than what AI generated stuff would come up with. Just the strangest thing about else's pregnant was Spider-Man's baby.


I never, I never went and watched that because I was interested in what it was or whatever. But I thought about it a lot because I just, like, I saw clips and I heard of some of it and I was like, who, who thinks of this? Who is sitting? Who is out there writing? I mean it is writing even if it's confusing writing stories like this, what's happening. There were also Flash games. I remember watching a video that went down like the rabbit hole of like terrible Disney flash games or something. And there was like Elsa's pregnant, but like her baby's a goblin and you have to remove the goblin or like you have to remove things from her feet or like Oh, Oh Yeah. That's triggering some kind of memory. Yeah, there's like, you need to stitch up Elsa's wound or weird shit like that.


Yeah. Just very gross stuff. Yeah, that is, that for some reason just appeals to certain people. It's, as a kid I was on New Grounds a lot and so there were some strange games like that. But I feel almost to a less degree. It's so specifically bizarre. Those games that they make now, you'll see like advertisement for them on TikTok or something and it's just like, does anyone want to play this? There Was was a clip from a John Tron video years ago where he was playing some kind of like Bootleg Lion King game and when you got game over, Simba would like hang himself. That was the game over screen. God, there was some fucked up shit that people have parroted or put into, like there's all kinds of weird stuff, man. That's a, that's a whole nother rabbit hole from my weird little sponge Knb.


I don't wanna say my weird little sponge Knb. Can we, can I change that? Could we Wade's Weird. That's the title of the episode. Wade's Weird Little Sponge Nb. No, I don't want that to be the title. Can We, I'm I'm on board with that. I think that's good. Editors fix all of this, this whole episode in post Please. Somehow. No, we told them, we told them they can't censor anything. So set it out loud, loud, out loud with my mouth voice. What else did you want from this Wade? This is for your pleasure. What are we doing here? I think I need to, I need to end this episode unless you guys have any other ideas or offerings to bring to the table. Nope. I don't like what was has been happening. I don't know how else to phrase it, but I'm just generally off put by It. You know, I didn't either, but this is, again, it's all Bird's fault.


I want everyone to remember this is Bird's Fault. We'll include a link to his YouTube channel and his Twitch stream and the, if you Google Wade's Fair end Bird. Yeah, perfect. Wade and Friends. And then Google Wade Sponge Knb. See what kind of fan are comes up. Really get that term up in the rankings. Wade Sponge Knb. Wade Sponge Knb. I don't want that. I think, I don't know if I'd rather have Dick Chu or Sponge Knb, but it's neither is the answer. They're both pretty awful. Did you guys look at better pictures of Dick Chu or Sponge Knb? No. Why would we look at better picture? I'm just looking up titles A bonus point right now. If you look it up, Not it. I'm looking. Ah, bonus point please. I don't know if I believe you. You didn't ask for proof.


You just asked me to do it and I done did it. I can see the reflection in your glasses, Bob. I could all day. I'm Just gonna have blurry glasses the entire episode. I You're gonna have to look close editors there. I saw some stuff today. All. right? I'm gonna share my screen. I'm gonna share it. I'm sharing it now. Here we go. Get ready for a sponge knob. That's not what we were supposed to look at, is it? I know. It just this, this expression. It's terrible isn't it? Made me laugh. Anyway, that's it. All, right, goodbye. All. right. Well that's the promise. There's your bonus point. So that's today's episode. I have no idea what to call this. Probably need some kind of content WARNING on it 'cause of what we talked about.


Yeah, for sure. Yeah, a hundred percent. Okay, well I've spurned the listeners. I've spurned the watchers now. I've spurned the advertisers. Who will wade piss off next? What's Sper, what does sperm mean To like reject your turn away or something like that. Got it. Interesting word. Thank you. I I hope I was using it right. You were. No, I just, it just struck me weird I guess. 'cause we were just talking about, I thought you were saying sperm but that's, it just kind of sounds similar. I couldn't keep up with every point I gave 'cause you guys were just naming stuff. But the ones I wrote down here, mark, you got points for being staunch hot. I, honey, I blew everyone. Wade.


Don't know why my name is just written there. And come and Cummer Bob, you got wet plate, Phoenix, Arizona, spank and Stein. Staunch genius, evil head. And Don, I got a point. Didn't write down for what? Probably a joke. You didn't Deserve it. Mark, you were just banging him out at one point. Like you just had name after name. Yeah. I feel like you really under tallied for Mark there. I don't, he Was just saying so I was marking the points. I just couldn't write the names fast enough to keep up. Oh, So there's just a bunch of points that have No. Okay, so he Is got 5, 10, 15. He's got 18 points. Bob, you've got 16 points. Oh my God. That's a lot more than to Jesus Christ.


Hell Yeah. You got 16 so Mark wins by two. But yeah, it was, it was pretty close. And one of those points at the end, I could have just written this down, was show and tell. He showed that he looked at Knob. The internet is a strange, fascinating, beautiful and terrible, awful, horrible place. And I think that we really covered the stretch of imagination of people today. The creativity of the world is on full display when it comes to adult entertainment. That's the lesson. You haven't already. Go follow Mark, mark applier Bob at my curb. Me at Bird 6, 5 0. And stay tuned for the next one. We have, we have merch. I hope to God there's no merch for this episode.


Oh, I thought he was about to realize. Oh no, I said it on purpose. Mm. I didn't want to give alluded to speech anyway, but, Oh, that part I did forget that part. I was in such a hurry to get outta here. I forgot It's your episode. I dunno why you're fleeing from it so violently. Oh Bob, you go first. Oh, well you know what? We had a lot of fun today. I feel a little bit like I might throw up, but not in a judgy way. Just in a, that's really not for me. Mostly sort of way I judge. I mean, you can judge. That's fine. I I wouldn't, I wouldn't harsh anyone's vibes to watch most of what we looked at today. Some of it I might be a little scared about, but maybe there were some in there that I'm only pretending to dislike 'cause I'm ashamed. Maybe. Who knows? That's why I deserve to lose.


Tell me. I deserve to lose. You deserve to lose. Oh, tell me again. No, mark, you won this travesty of an episode. How do you feel? Thank you. I'd like to thank my childhood browsing the internet unrestricted really enabled me to win this episode. I'd like to thank Wikipedia. I'd like to thank New Grounds four chan. I'd like to thank the other sites that I'm not remembering right now. Couldn't be here without you and all those hardworking porn writers. I'm, I'm done. They're Hard and they're working podcast out.