
This episode is brought to you by bloomberg.com. It's important to get the full story. You know, I once thought that pigs couldn't eat while they were hanging upside down. Eventually I found a study where they figured out that pigs can eat while they're hanging upside down. I was just wrong. It's important to get the full story. It's important to know what you're talking about. Bloomberg.com does an excellent job in helping you get all the details. They connect the dots in a unique way, giving people a deeper, richer level of understanding when it comes to current events. Context changes everything. Learn more@bloomberg.com.


This episode is brought to you by Power Wash Simulator. New stuff coming to Power Wash Simulator. Mark plays it a lot, almost for a Living now. What new characters Wade Wallace And Grommet. Oh, they have a whole new pack of town. I remember watching those Movies. Where do you fall on the Matic? Wade Pro or, or against? Oh, I've always been more of a sower. I think that's acceptable. The Wallace and Grommet special pack for Power Wash Simul is available now on Steam windows. Xbox One. Xbox XRS, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Ready D for everyone.


This episode is brought to you by Emirates. I think we can all agree that vacationing in Europe is fine, but for your next vacation, why not look a little further? How about Dubai? There's an exciting place. World class hotels, literal record breaking landmarks, taking you to new heights 'cause they have the world's tallest building bucket list adventures in the city or out in the desert. Tons of stuff. When you fly with Emirates, you know the whole thing is like a vacation plane. Beautiful, wonderful service. It's basically like you're in a spa up until you get off the plane and then you're on vacation in Dubai. And I think we'll all be getting at it together when we all take a huge entire Distractible audience vacation to Dubai. No promises you could choose from 96 flights per week between the United States and Dubai. And you can book on emirates.com today. That's E-M-I-R-A-T-E s.com. emirates.com. Book today.


Good evening, gentle listeners and watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode, brain Damaged. Bob gets boned by the dock, then wants to get closer to the boys monster. Wild Wade ranks hard Hashi as a shrink and stales a shit kebab, mendacious. Mark has amazing girth but never finishes and gets screwed by exchanges. From suing over long ones to cooking. Yes, it's time for, we've never done this before. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to another episode of Distractible. That's right. You never had a choice to begin with. No, we're not gonna tackle the concept of free will today. Yes, I knew you would be here. No, I'm not gonna tell you how I knew that. Yes. I'm excited to see you on the next episode two. Yeah. Anyway. I'm your host for today. My name is Bob and I'm the host. 'cause I won the last one. I did win the last one, right? Yeah, I think so. I just started talking and then I blacked out. I don't know what happened. I said anything weird. Not as weird as me apparently. Or maybe weirder depending on what gov points. I don't know what Did. Yeah. Anyway, this is a show where I'm the host and the other two guys are competing and then whoever wins host the next one.


That's way it works. There are points. I have a scorecard. We write them down or we suffer. Mm. Okay. All right. No one has opted to suffer though. He usually just finds something to write with and write. Oh, Sorry. What? He's suffering. Put him out of his Misery. He chose to suffer. He chose to suffer. I Got Water outta my poo. I, he got food in my water. Hey, it's pretty good. I'm not doing this for points, I'm just starving. Oh no. Tyler got me the Poo book and I actually got water on my Pooh. Does it turn back into Pooh if you get too much water on it? I Don't know. I went to set my water down and I, I don't know what happened, but I like, I became the Hulk for a second and squeezed really hard.


But then I also like pushed it as I did. So I like squeezed it and threw it and just go ahead. Do your thing, man. Yeah. That I said how it works. Something winner post whatever. How's it going gentlemen? Let's just jump right into small talk. How's everybody doing? Weights covered in poop or something. I guess I could take it over while, while he's dealing with whatever in the hell he's doing. I'm doing good. I'll give you a choice. I could talk about my personal life or talk about this headline. That's hilarious to me, but probably not actually hilarious. But it's intriguing. I mean, I'd like to hear about your personal life, but the headline, you sold it so well. Surgeons in India just successfully removed the legs and buttocks of a parasitic twin from the chest of a 17-year-old.


That is interesting. I don't think the article is actually gonna tell any more of the story than what the title is. I think the entirety of it is right there. Is this a really successful odd operation? How old? It was a 17-year-old. 17-year-old who had a parasitic twin, which I believe is a case where the twin is not Like partially absorbed Alive and, but yeah, partially there. Like the cells were splitting when it was an embryo And it didn't split quite right in some place. And then, you know, I like it sounds like the 17-year-old is fine hopefully from the surgery and I'm sure they were okay beforehand. But that, that's gonna be tough to live with. I gotta imagine that's a, that's, I have no idea how big or small these things were, but that must just be kind of funky to live with.


Unless, because I, I'm telling you, the well is dry on news titles this season. Why? Where'd all the news go, mark? Just, nothing's happening. Everything's boring. But there is one that I wanna read because I feel like it's a, it it it's sort of a PSA but sort of a, like a common sense please. Texas official warns against measles parties as outbreak keeps growing. I'm sorry, what is a measles party? So I'm assuming that it's the same kind of idea as a chicken pox party, which also is not recommended anymore. 'cause there's a vaccine for that. Just like there's a vaccine for measles. But if you do have a child with measles, do not host a party where other children come and get exposed to the measles.


That's not how that one works. Yeah, don't do that. You don't Do that. Bob, When you asked what is a measles party? I thought of weekend update whenever Stefan used to be on there. They're like, what is a measles party? The hottest club in New York is measles party. They have everything. God, that was such a good bit. Dan Cortez. All right, I got one last thing, which is here. Indian Man awarded damages over length of commercials before movie screening. And I think this is interesting. What, because the length of the trailers. Yeah, He sued because he thought there were too many commercials. Yes. And we're talking specifically about the trailers at the, when the movie time starts, which has been getting egregiously high.


Yeah. Movies start like 10 to 15 minutes after their allotted time. The scheduled movie in Bangalore said the movie ran for two hours and 25 minutes, which is on the longer side of movies. It was due to start at 4 0 5 and due to finish at six 30. But with over 30 minutes of time added in from trailers and advertisements. The man was late for work, which he was scheduled for at six 30 when the film was supposed to end. What Does he work right outside the movie theater? He watched it in That sounds a little bit like it's on him. Like I don't know. I have no idea. But it's, it is a weird amount of time that is dedicated towards these trailers and advertisements, which is, that is all they are.


They're trailer and they're advertisements for future movies, which I like. Trailers. Yeah. We always try to get there in time to watch all the trailers. Yeah, but it's too many. It it is too many. I think nowadays there are usually about 20 to 25 minutes I would say, in terms of trailers before the movie even begins. And they're fun to watch. But if you go to see a lot of movies, you see a lot of the same ones many times. I guess I just don't even get that because I mean you see a movie trailer, maybe you're gonna see the movie. But like of all the trailers I've ever seen, there were only a handful where I saw the trailer and I was like, whoa, I was unaware of that movie. Now I'm going to go see that movie.


It's always like, oh, I'm not interested in this. Oh I'm not interested in this. Oh I really wanna see this movie already. Maybe, maybe it has more of effect on other people, but that just seems kind of stupid to me. You'd think they'd have to see good return on doing it or they wouldn't keep doing it. It but, but there are so many and they're long. And the, when the movie time is supposed to start, the movie should start. I feel like it would make more sense if the movie just started at the advertised time and the trailers ran before and you had to get there a little early if you wanted to see the trailers. 'cause then it's like you can't really be mad if you don't see the trailers. But also then the movie happens at a time where you don't have to guess how long. All of that aside, this dude won money for this for in a court.


Yeah. He won the equivalent of $574. Which is not a ton of money. A movie theater can definitely handle that loss. But also some people were commenting, why didn't he just leave the theater at six 20? You wouldn't finish the movie I guess. But you can get a refund for a ticket if you really, really didn't like a movie. I think you can still get a refund. I mean, I guess I just find it hard to feel too bad for a guy who was going to see a movie that if it started exactly on time still would've made him late for work if he stayed and watched the entire thing. Like the argument that they play too many trailers I'm totally on board with, but that's stupid.


Yeah. There is something about advertising a movie starting at four that doesn't start at four that seems wrong. But him being like, I was late for work because of you. It's like I knew what time it was and I chose not to leave and then I was late for work 'cause I chose not to leave. I also chose to watch a movie literally right before work. Yeah. I mean Only showing this century of this movie. Look, I'm not saying that I haven't been there, but also that's pretty much on you. You're gonna make yourself late to work. Well, not according to the law. He won money. I just feel like, I mean I don't know anything about the court system in India. It's similar to the court systems here. Doesn't that, that creates a precedent of can't other people do that then?


Can I just pick a movie whose theoretic end time would have made me have be able to leave and get somewhere else on time? Then just watch the whole movie and then leave when it actually ends and then be like, Hey, you owe me 600 bucks. And then the court has to be like, yo, well we did it for that other guy. So Yeah, it does open up the doors for a lot. I'm not sure how the legal system goes over there the same way as over here, but I assume it's similar. But I don't actually know. Here's what they're gonna do to change it. They're gonna have the movie start time, still play all the trailers. But movie length three question marks. I think they should just stop playing anything once it hits the time when the movie was supposed to end. And if it ends with half an hour left in the movie, so be it.


No, no. They pit the accelerate. People don't have the attention span to watch at one X speed. They gotta do 1.5. It's really gotta speed. Oh God. They adjust the whole movie to be like 1.1 speed. Just the whole thing to make sure it fits. Oh no. Look, I've uploaded an entire video at the wrong aspect ratio out of a raw file that didn't even have audio. I don't think anyone's gonna notice. No, no one cares. One ever knew Brad Pitt was so squeaky sounding. They're all so busy looking at their phones. I'll never notice. Anyway, that's all I got for the news. I didn't talk about my life at all, but you know, Whatever. That's fine. You don't have to do that. I mean I could, but it's more of the same thing. Wade, what's in your life please? Upstage Mark. Well you guys have heard about me reading Animorphs.


You've heard about past of Exile two. You've heard me talk about the Ablo four. You've heard me talk about storage hunting, but have you heard me talk about Monster Hunter Wilds? No. 'cause it just came out, but oh, It's so fun. I've already put so many. How much time have I put into I've not had any time to play and yet somehow I already have. Let's take a look. 22.8 hours in like three days. Ooh, that Is a lot. Yeah. When did you start? It came out on Friday. Yeah, I saw on Twitter someone that already had 73 hours in the game, which is exactly how much time it's been out. So I'm like Hunter, rank eight. I've seen people that are like high rank 106 and stuff like that.


I've been playing a lot. It's a lot of fun. I feel like early on it feels easier than the other Monster Hunters. But some of the fights I've gotten to recently have been a bit tougher, which is good. It's like a little bit more challenging, but not like impossible and annoying. So I've been having a lot of fun with it. I'm excited to get into the harder fights, but man, another game on Wade's playlist. Yeah. How are you gonna possibly grind Path of Exile two enough now that you also have Monster Hunter in your life? I'll do what I always do. Abandon the games I love before I finish them. Ah, nice. Because Everyone loves when you don't finish what you start. Is that A slight against me? I feel like that's towards me. That did somehow feel like a personal attack against Mark. You Edging me, man. I'm edging, but I I That's not your that's not a that was an indictment on myself.


Not you. My big thing is I never finished games that I start except for like five times. I've never finished once in my life. Ever. Mom, man. This is why we don't have children. Hey babe, you close? Yeah. All right, see ya. Oh good. I'm very choke, man. Hey, I'm happy to help. I don't, the host doesn't always do small talk, but I've made a mistake and I want to groan about it. Groan away, Man. Mark has already told this story, so it's not that interesting. But you remember, mark, you remember, you remember when you needed a prior authorization for medicine?


Oh no. Yeah. Our fucking insurance change at the, at the beginning of February. This is gonna air further in the future, but even now when we're recording it, it's not February anymore and I still don't have all the prior authorizations I need to get the prescriptions I've been taking for eight plus years to manage my diabetes. A chronic illness that's never gonna go away. Something, you know, the doctor wouldn't really second guess writing that prescription. Is this just a fun insulin prescription or is this a necessary insulin?


We don't want anyone getting bonus insulin. They Want people to get their prior auths posthumously. You know what's even stupider is I I do I also take Ozempic the real shit? Not any of those fake glides. No, I I am actually the per the person who Ozempic was originally made for. 'cause I am diabetic And it has helped my Oh, I thought you Meant literally you like they, they met with you and they're like, All right, we're gonna, we're gonna find a way. I I'm the reason it was invented. They Named it after him too. Yeah. Well no fact, that's my middle name. Bob Ozempic. I've been using Oz Epic since before. It was cool. That's the first one I got of all the medicines I take.


That's the one where I would understand if the insurance was like, does he need this or is he just trying to get skinny for free? I'm like, first of all, that part of it doesn't work for me. Not everyone gets skinny on Ozempic. I dunno if everyone knows that. Big disappointment on my end, but also, no, I'm just tied up Anyway. Mark, you talked about this a bunch. It's not news if you're an American, you understand the horse, but I'm trapped in the middle of trying to get prior authorizations for medicines I've been taking for almost a decade or more in some cases for a disease I've had since I was 17 years old. But whatever, they just want to check and make sure I'm still diabetic, I guess.


Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, it's, it's one of those things where I know there's a list of, you know, issues to tackle in this country and our society. But, you know, I really wish that one would be tackled, you know, relatively sooner from what it's currently being tackled at. Which is never because Yeah, it's absurd and everyone agrees that it's absurd and some people agree so much that it's absurd that they take special action into these things. But are, you know, official elected leaders seem to not think it's a priority. Yeah. Funny how that works. My bald stylist would just say, go to Turkey.


They've got the cure for everything in Turkey. Probably get medicine. Every other country I've ever traveled to, I didn't get sick in all of them, but all the ones where I got sick were like, when we were on tour, you guys had issues and stuff. Every other country we were like, oh God, Mark's getting sick. Fuck. How are we gonna get doctors? And all the people in that country, were like, dude, come see a doctor medicine, please. Oh my God, I hope you feel better. And we're just like, but but how expensive was that? That was like, no Bill. What the, what? Shocking Hour of my time I got seen, consulted with a specialist, got my medicine. 20 bucks total For your old twisty testes.


Yeah, Crea was the same way. And I know Crea has got some problems with their medical system right now. I I can't remember what was happening exactly. I think there was a strike for one reason or another. Don't know the full situation. But even then, it's still seeing someone, same day, a specialist ear, nose, and throat specialist. Same day, same hour that I walked in. Impossible to fathom in the states. Impossible. We've talked about this before and I don't need to har about it, but it's always flabbergasting. And now I'm the one trapped in the hell of prior authorization. So that's fun. That's one of the joyous things I've had going on lately. Thankfully I haven't had too much trouble seem to be All right. That's the only thing that's peeping me from yelling at people on the phone. 'cause it's like eventually, once all of this is all settled, it'll be okay for a minute, but not there yet.


Also, I wouldn't actually yell at people on the phone, but I do get, I get quite disgruntled. I try to be polite, but sometimes it's hard to not be like snarky. I don't remember the last time I've yelled at someone on the phone or customers I don't think I ever have. But one and only time I've ever yelled through a cell phone was during the original Bob's fridge incident. Right. I did actually yell at that fucking guy on the cell phone. He did not care for that. I did. I still feel bad about that. But also I feel like my anger was pretty, like pretty justified all around in that situation. Oh, You had a minor inconvenience or 30 Anyway. Yeah, It's, I've been told by, you know, a therapist in the past that anger is not always a bad emotion.


Sometimes anger is very a valid human emotion that needs to be tapped into Your therapist Palpatine. So mark, fish buck. Tell me about your anger. No, no. It's like the, that if you, much like many things you, if you repress things because I was, when I was a teenager, I was extremely angry all the time. So it's something that I worked on. But there's an unhealthy level of repression of certain emotions and, And it is normal in a, in a regular life that you're gonna be angry sometimes. It just so happens that there's many things out there to get people angry and intentionally so, or unintentionally.


But at the end of the day, sometimes, you know, a anger does motivate you to things. The fuck you energy I have is technically some outlet of that anger. Every time I'm like, I'm gonna prove them wrong. Whoever wrong. That's kind of anger coming through in a little way. And so you gotta like, you know, release the pressure every once in a while. It's like our f your dreams F your nightmares. I'm gonna beat you. T-shirts coming soon. I wouldn't promise too much. Okay. New shirts edging soon. We've really been edging this merch for a very long time. It's gonna be quite explosive by the time it actually launches. Anyway.


This is an ad by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session and that adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save up to 50% per session this month. Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show with 90% off your first week. Don't miss this offer. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. Better Help connects you with licensed professionals at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. Whether you're facing big life changes or just need support therapy provides the tools to navigate it all. With over 30,000 therapists and 5 million people served globally better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. It's convenient, flexible, and you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/stooges to get 90% off your first week. That's better. hlp.com/stooges.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does fine jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion, everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship and responsible sourcing in mind. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look. Shop online@missouri.com or in store today


Onto the topic. Hear me out. It's gonna sound like it's just more small talk because it kind of is, but listen, we've, we haven't been doing this that long, you know, hanging out, talking, knowing each other. I thought it might be a great time for us to discuss some classic icebreaker questions and really start to get to know each other. You know, we all work together. We see each other at the office. We wave in the parking lot. But do we really get to know each other on a personal level yet? I don't know.


And I just want to, you know, foster a little community and I thought we could just go over some ice breakers and, you know, maybe tell some stories, have some fun, make a little connection. Okay. Okay. Okay. I had a list of questions and then I opened another note and the first thing on that note said, clue, but with a lot of extra rules, it's like, I don't think that's one of my icebreakers I put on my list, but I guess we're playing clue now. I could be a good icebreaker. I I Miss Miss Dorothy in the office with the Or Miss Dorothy. Miss Dorothy in the office with a knife. Mark gave us Chest 2.0. I'm coming out here with clue type B sometime soon, but that's a different, a different episode. Anyway, icebreakers, here we go.


What thing from nature, excluding all animals and creatures best describes your vibe from all creatures. No creatures whatsoever. Just something from nature plants. Okay. Rock formations. Anything that's not a living creature. What thing in nature? Including like the whole cosmos, asteroids and whatever. What thing describes your vibe? I know this one. I know this one. I'm a stite 'cause I'm inside and I'm just hanging out. I don't know why I felt guilty for laughing at that. That was a decent joke. It deserved to laugh.


It was also true. I'm a homebody. I like to chill. So wait, Stalag, which one are you? Stalag Tight Heights are the one that hang. I believe I had to look it up 'cause I, I never remember the might versus tight. I don't know how tight ceiling might floor. I don't know. It doesn't, what's the connection? Clearly I know the difference. My vibe. My vibe guys. My vibe. The mighty redwood. Just tall, powerful girthy as hell. Unstoppable, well respected. Top of the tree food chain if you know what I mean. That's probably how trees work. Napoleon rum, self-centered trees that Get a lot of burrows that everyone wants to come steal off you.


Yeah. Yeah. People always after my burrows. They are. That's true. Yeah. You're like the lucky charms. Leprechaun of burrows Except you know a tall leprechaun, tall tree. Sure, Yeah, whatever. Whatever you wanna, Whatever that is. An elf. Is that an An elf? Are you saying an elf is a tall leprechaun? Yeah, Why not? Have you ever seen a tall leprechaun and an elf in the same place? You got me there? Yeah, that's fine. I Think Lucky's kids like there's one that inherits the family business and the rest go to work for Santa. Who's lucky? Lucky Charms. Charms. Is that his name? They're not called Lucky's charms. They are lucky charms.


Yeah, But he's also called lucky. But he says they're always after me. Lucky charms. They're All after me. Lucky. Oh Charms. There's a comma in there. There's several commas. There's always after me. Lucky. Lucky the leprechaun. That doesn't make any sense. Also known as sir Charms. Sir Charms. He's a knight. Ma outta a bookie. Charms is lucky. The leprechaun. God damn. I mean look. Fair enough. I don't know about these things. I would have to give it, I'm gonna have to defer to Mark. That's the nature of breaking the ice. Alright, totally different direction. Well, Are you answering Bob? I guess that's only us answering, but I'm curious what represents you? I like to think of myself as the waves on the shoreline.


The Michigan shoreline of Lake Michigan. Pretty chill but capable of going red flag and getting pretty wild. But generally pretty chill, Salty, right? Oh, lake mic Lake Michigan Aren't the great lake saltwater? No, they would not be lakes if they were saltwater. I thought They were saltwater. I don't know. They're lakes Isn't there? Oh is it? Is it called the sea? If it's in land bound but salty. Oh, The Great Lakes are fresh water, but they become saltier to increase. Okay. They're not salt water, but they are saltier. Yeah, they connect to the Atlantic Ocean, but it's a long connection and they're very big.


There's a long connection and those are called brackish waters when fresh mixes with salt. And I'm that, that's my vibe. All right. I think we've talked about this one before, but I don't remember what the answer was. So if we've done it before, just say it fast. What is the most used emoji on your phone right now? I can tell you this because it was a self-fulfilling prophecy. It's the water polo player. And I don't know why it once showed up in my top emoji list and I don't, I've never used it before, but now I always use it because it's just always there.


Is that yours Wade? Yep. The, I don't even know how to describe that. What face is that? gRED Teeth face. I dunno. GRED teeth. Where is all, but he is not smiling because Say my top three, it's the gRED teeth, the heart emoji and then the shrug. It's the guy going like, the Shrug is appropriate for you. I can see you texting that a lot to People. Actually these are, these are my next most used emojis. Those make sense. I don't know why you have a water polo player is your most, I don't know. I don't know. Wait, what is this? What my third most used emoji is an an apple gen emoji of a lion playing football.


I guess I text about lion's football a lot to people also, my number one I just wanna say is the fork and knife sitting next to each other. And it's because that's, that's what I call Fortnite in text message forms. So I text, there's several groups that I'm in where I'm like, Hey, you guys want a fork knife? Okay, Fort Fortnite and water polo living in your guys' heads. I don't know what the deal is with the football line. I swear I use other emojis. Other I I made that once. I think we have talked about that, but I just can't, I just wanted to know, you know, so Water polo fork and knife and grided teeth. It makes sense when you don't think about it. Yeah, Yeah. Alright. This one won't be contentious.


I know we're only just getting to know each other, but this is kind of a question for all three of us, but mostly for you two, if you could be one of the other two people on this call, who would you choose to be? How long term is this? Say swap until you both agree to swap back. Well, if one of you picked me, you'd never go back. So I'm kind of scared. I'll call that bluff. I'll take it. I'll take Wade. Wade, you don't get to take me though. You get We have to circularly trade. I Wouldn't You're short. I want, I wanna keep my height. So I'm taking Bob. All right. Well you're, you're gonna, you're gonna get down to my head and your knees aren't gonna hurt and your hips aren't gonna hurt and your back's gonna be fine. So I have to be Mark then. Is that what we've just decided? Well, I Think you still get a choice, but Mark and I apparently don't, Don't listen, don't, don't make it be like that.


I know I said it like that, but don't take it like that. You be whoever you want to be. I was gonna pick you for height. I like height. I was honestly thinking about picking Mark partially because it's hard to imagine what the world looks like from such a short height. It's only a six inch difference man. Also, you Could finally get a movie out unlike someone we know. Well, I, mark just has so many like hobbies and stuff and I feel like I'm, I'm in a similar vein, but I'm just less committed than Mark to my hobbies. So I'll, I'll like, I'll sit here and I'll learn, like right now I'm learning a lot about woodworking for hobby reasons, but I don't do it. If I was Mark, I would have a whole, I would have tools.


I would have made a chair At this point, I guess I, I admire Mark's dedication to just like doing, actually doing shit instead of just sitting around. But I think, yeah, it's just a body swap, right? It's a mind stage The way it's, I know, but if I was in your body then I'd basically, I'd behave more like you. I'm, I'm just assu I'm just throwing that out there. I'm just assuming There is a mind body connection. I know that. And I guess if you're considering like the brain, the way it's configured, but I was assuming you were just gonna ignore that philosophically Is the whole mind body problem. I mean this is, we can, can or cannot address the philosophical side of this question as much as we choose to. But plus you already have a bunch of cool stuff. Like I'm never gonna, I'm not gonna have like the workshop and you've been working on the workshop.


That sounds really fun to me. You could build a bitching garage workshop with not a lot, But we keep our cars in our garage 'cause we live in a place where that it fucking snows and shit. Forget that. Forget that. Forget that. Oh, But the snow, the snow mark. Forget it. The forget It. Basement workshop too. That's pretty good too. I mean it's the storage room, but there's like a whole, there's a side room down here that's sort of like the utility storage room that could be kinda workshoppy. It could be. You don't have to start big. Really what I've identified is going to a Rio B sale and buying all of the tools that are on sale is not a good way to get anything done. Apparently. This is not the best.


Don't matter how many free batteries you get, don't do it. It doesn't matter how much of a steal it is, it is just gonna take up space. Yeah, you could slowly build out something or you could quickly build out something. There's always like great deals to get used sets of things. Oh, there's so much you could do. Or you could Play Monster Hunter and build a new set of armor every time you kill a new monster. No, the used tool market. I am excited about Monster Hunter and probably after this that's what I'm gonna go do. But the used tool market is interesting. There's so much good shit out there. It is. I And the technology for everything is turning over so fast. There's always a cycle of people getting rid of old tool. Yeah, that's true. That aren't even old. They're completely functional. It's true. If you want or need tools or if you're trying to get into a hobby that requires tools, definitely check out.


Like I, I just sit and I just look on Facebook marketplace a lot. But there's a lot like, there's also like forums like Reddits and stuff on like there's so many, like there's so many good tools that are already out there. You might as well just get a used one. Did you see Michael Reeve's Facebook Marketplace video? Yes. Yes. Yeah. With the, with the low balling bots and then yeah, The, the Gaslighting bot. God wait, you gotta see it. That's very funny. That so funny. The editing on that one was particularly insane as well. I don't know. But yeah, Wade, you gotta check out Michael Reeve's Facebook Marketplace video. I'm not a Facebook marketplace guy, but Amy looks at Facebook marketplace and finds tons of great deals there. I I don't use Facebook anymore, but if I did I would go there.


I'm annoyed that I have to go through Facebook to look at Facebook marketplace, but like Craigslist isn't really a thing anymore. And there are other like apps and things that are sort of in that vein. But around here Facebook marketplace is definitely the Best. Oh, this guy gets way too many views. I only watch small creators. He's Pretty small. He's even shorter than Mark I think. Yeah. Probably not Height. I, I watch tall creators that get small amounts of views. Is it a bot that scams people? Is that the video I need? Yeah, That's it. I'm also was just surprised at how effective it was. I think he might have just got a lot of luck. I have no idea. But it was, the whole premise worked out so much better than I would've expected. Who, who, if you're selling a the sticker was the most surprising because if you're selling a sticker that's listed for five bucks and you accept it for three, I'm not gonna drive somewhere to give it.


I waste more in gas if I had a gas car than I would making the money off of the sticker. Yeah. I don't know. Anyway, maybe you hope they come back, you know, repeat customers. That's what it's all about. There's a lot of Facebook's marketplace sticker resellers out there. You know, I feel like an ice wall is forming between you two and I right now. You don't have to like everything we like, we're all just bonding over things. We're Bonding Bond. All right. I don't know why I like this one but I, I feel compelled to ask this 'cause I can't let it go. If you could safely eat any inedible object like from now to eternity, you could always eat this object, what would it be?


It's nothing I would want to eat. This is like a you have to, right? Yeah. You, you have to. This is a thing that you have to pick Tacos. Ah, I know, I know, I know lava 'cause that would offer up some pretty interesting party tricks. And also suggesting I have really incredible heat tolerance of some time. If I could eat it, Your shit would be wild. It Would be, I wouldn't do it a lot but imagine like a villain's trying to lower me into a volcano and I'm like no. Oh no not this. And then I eat my way out And you just eat your way out. My first thought was chapstick.


'cause some of it smells so good, like there's a cherry one. I'm pretty sure you just can eat chapstick if you want to. I think that's probably fine. I would eat garbage. Oh Then I wouldn't have to deal with it or throw it away. There wouldn't be a mess. I could just get rid of it. I feel like that's a little bit general, but I actually had the exact same thought And we've thought a lot alike lately and it's usually not ended well for me. Yeah, No it never works out very well for you. I, I don't know if, I mean it doesn't really matter. I don't know if I would say that counts or not, but I like it. What I landed on was I had that same thought and I was like, well maybe garbage is too vague. I would eat plastic because a lot of plastic is not even recyclable.


And even plastic that is technically recyclable is not broadly recycled in some places And it's not efficient to recycle it. You might like, manufacturers might as well just chuck it and make a new one out of new material because it's so much cheaper and simpler. They don't have to like clean it or do any bullshit to it. If I could just eat plastic, I'm curious what my poops would be like and if I would like digest it or if it would just go through me. But if I could eat it and like make it go away, you know, physically speaking I feel like that would be awesome. I'm assuming eat means you digest it. If I could eat plastic and digest it into poop, that would be awesome. I would do that.


That would be very cool. But if I could just eat garbage in general, I feel like that would encompass my, my idea And I would, I would, that was my pick the setup doesn't say anything about it tasting any differently. So it potentially still Would suck. Would just taste like garbage. You just, you could safely eat it but that doesn't mean that like you would enjoy it or whatever. But a little bit Of salt and butter, it'd be fine. I mean You could make the garbage into like, you know, garbage loaf, season it up a little Shit. Sona shit Flambe shit Kebab Shit kebab. Wait, no, why does it have to be shit? What do you mean garbage kebab? Like shit stuff. It's just for the, just for the fun of saying shit kebab. It's Really boring that way.


And I thought the same thing. I'm gonna take some points away for that. That sounds fair. What is the worst piece of advice you've ever been given and when did you realize it was bad advice? I don't know if this is true, but the first one I thought of was, finish what you start. Because I don't finish a single fucking game. I play or the engine For life. Never finish. You just think that's bad advice because you're incapable of following it or I think so. I think I feel like that sounds like decent advice. You think it would. I also don't follow that advice so I'm totally with you. But I think the worst advice I have ever received was probably something to do with investing in foreign exchange currencies.


Oh I remember four x mark. I remember that. That was a phase, man. It was a very brief window and you know, it was crazy 'cause I was like, oh yeah, I got the strats, I know what to do. I got some money. I've been working this job. I'm, and then you know that all that story ends with me in a bathroom stall, hunched over my cell phone watching a red line just go down and down and down and down and down. Sweating like, oh God. Oh I should, I should, I could cancel it but it might go back up. Oh, I guess still going down. Yeah, so I lost about, I lost about 40% of my money in one move and then I never did it again.


Honestly. Of all the different types of like fast paced day tradey stuff, Fourex does strike me as one of the things where if you just develop a really simple system of rules and you don't do anything crazy, you kind of could probably make a little bit of money at it, but it's just probably not worth that much. Yeah, you're to the whims of an unknown world. But now we got crypto dude. Imagine if crypto had existed the way it does now. When you were, when you got into that, 'cause that was in college or is it indirectly following college? That was like in college, right? No, it was in college. Yeah. And it was, it was pretty early on. It would've been around the same time that crypto, the idea might have just been getting started, but The like Bitcoin existed but it was still sort of more for the silk road than anything else.


But I'll be perfectly honest, even if I had started when it started, I would've sold so long ago, it would've hit like $1 and I would've been like, oh, I made so much money. No, imagine we, when we were in college and Bitcoin released, you could buy Bitcoins for like cents a coin. You Could mine it on your computer and get tons of it. Yeah. It was worthless. Fucking imagine there probably are stories of people who did hold for that lo or like lost their wallet and found it back, whatever. But what Do you do? Like how, how do you sell Bitcoin? Who buys it? Like, oh man, it's worth so Much money. Don't even get into that bro. The blockchain bro. What do you mean? Everyone's like, Bitcoin's worth so much, but no one ever gets their money from it.


It just, it's just, it's just worth so much. It's, it's worth so much because there are specific exchanges on which you can buy and sell crypto And it primarily has value because of, and on those exchanges, it's not any different from other money except that it's not backed by any specific government or whatever for its value. It adds value because everyone collectively agrees it has value and you can, well, can You ever get anything With, you can use it in some places to buy things. Sometimes some really cool Web3 companies are like, yeah we take USD, apple Pay and Bitcoin and so you can pay for your whatever service in Bitcoin.


But it's, it's not re not really, no, not seriously. It's almost always traded back for money. I'm keeping my advice. Finish what you start Do. Was it a specific person that got you into foreign exchange stuff or was it just like a thing you sort of came across and No, it Was just, I must have saw some video or some guide online that everyone's like, Hey come On. I was so close if I had any money when you were doing that. I was like, I watched, I had I, I had like screens pulled up with like the, all the charts and shit and I would sit there and I learned a bit about the patterns but I, I didn't actually have money so it was very theoretical for me. But I had had money though man.


I guess the, the importance of a college degree would also be like, I feel like college was important. Ah, the degree itself, not so Much waits over here thinking like me again. That's what I was gonna say. College. Well like I still think education's important. Just the degree itself maybe isn't as useful. But I'm glad I had philosophy. I, I feel like the thing, the thing about that that I have a gripe with because I'm in no way am I anti-education. The thing about that that I have a gripe with is specifically kind of like what you're saying, the college, the four year college degree. Yeah. We spent our entire, any time I, since I can remember from being in school and being a kid, all of the like guidance counselors and everyone, teachers and everyone were like, yeah, you, you wanna go to college.


That's the goal. You get the four year degree. A lot of people I think benefit from a four year degree. It gives you career opportunities that you otherwise might not be able to get. But a lot of people don't. Ben didn't benefit from it and are not benefiting from it and should have avoided that completely. Because there are associate's degrees, there are other pathways, there are apprenticeship programs. They're not as plentiful as they could or should be maybe. And it's like, it's not like I was 50 or 80 or a hundred years ago where you could just go straight out of high school or not even go to high school and go find somewhere and make a career necessarily. But some people just don't fucking need to go to college and it's not because they're not smart enough And it's not because they're like less or what, like it's nothing like that.


They're just not, they don't thrive in school. They thrive in a place where they're doing something, where they're building something where they're like, it's just not, school isn't something that everyone is equally suited for And it fucking sucks. 'cause I've had friends who were really bright, people who are really smart, who got sucked into college and were just fucking hated it and thought that they were so stupid 'cause they couldn't like thrive in college the way that they saw other friends and classmates doing. And they are not stupid. It's not, doesn't work that way. I always, I find that very frustrating but it's a particular thing because I am very much pro education but there are lots of different ways to learn shit in the world and turn that into a way to have like a job and a career and a life.


But that's a weird thing to talk about in the world that we live in because We hardly know each other. Yeah. We're basically strangers but that listen, kids, you don't have listen to. Oh fucking I just touched my pen to my lens. Are you okay Lens? I don't care. You're cheap lens. Let's be honest. Did you zoom in to see if you could see the lens better? Yeah, I'm looking at the lens up close. Not actually zooming in. I'm just moving my face closer to it to look at it. It's an optical illusion. Well this one's interesting 'cause we all live in different places and by all of us, I mean one of us. What's your favorite thing about the place that you live? It doesn't have to even be like your top favorite thing, but like pick pick a favorite thing.


Pick a thing you wanna talk about that's like a favorite thing about the place that you live. For me, the weather's great and that can't be beat. Obviously there's, you know, natural disasters, but I'm not talking about that. Weather is, is great. There are tons of opportunities for my career out here that work really well for me. Met a ton of people here. There's a lot of, this is kind of like weirdly specific, but there's a lot of, and I'm not saying there aren't in Ohio, but there's a lot of really specifically at ambitious people here. And so there's a higher likelihood of meeting those other ambitious types that really want to kind of independently focus and like self-starting.


And so that's, that's been really appealing and good for me to meet. And and it's usually they come from other places. They're all over the, the country and the world. But this is one of the hubs where a lot of those people congregate. So I think that's good. I'm not a people person, but it's really, really handy to be able to meet people that are really skilled in certain specific skills and they're all in one place or within like an hour's drive. So that's cool. You do have to be a certain kind of crazy and or just really motivated to like actually make it work in LA 'cause it's of all the cities I've been to, LA is one of the more unpleasant but also one of the craziest, There's pleasant parts of it. Downtown LA Kind of shit that goes on in LA is wild.


Yeah, it's it's it's, it's a story every day. Five syllables. Cincinnati Lee. It's okay. We don't learn a lot of counting in Ohio. Not what we're here for. We're here for the Ion. That's really, that's what your favorite things is. Like chili. You said Be the favorite. You just said pick a Favorite. I said one of your favorite things. One of my favorite things. That's just a thing that I wouldn't think is up there for so many people. I it is for me is why I'm surprised.


I'm a big Skyline fan in particular. But look, I've got family and friends here. There's a lot of restaurants. Familiarity, comfort. I think cost of living. I think it's beautiful here. Those are all great things. But man, I can't imagine living in a place where I can't get Cincinnati Chi. The only substitute here is there is a place in Burbank, I think that has a Cincinnati native that made a Cincinnati Chile place. Oh, That's cool. I haven't been there yet, but I think it exists. I'm fairly sure you guys Know how it is, but yeah, I don't know man. I like my skyline, my gold star. I've not tried blue ash chili yet. I wanna try it, but like, it's one of, it's one of the things that's I, I can't see myself leaving behind. There's one that opened in Orlando, someone that trains in our hometown in Milford.


There's this skyline there. They opened a location down in Orlando, Florida. It'll never be as good as it is here. No, for sure. No. I I don't disagree. It's, it is something We went back, I had it twice, maybe three times actually. Well, in the time I was around, That's a lot. You still counting weight? I just, I really thought I had it. You you almost did man. You almost did. Don't beat yourself up with that Cincinnati chili. That's how I did it. My, I was like Cincinnati Chili Perfect. That's like how, how like third graders do syllables when they're learning it. They're just like, you just make your fingers go at like the same speed as you're talking. You ever do the chin one where you count syllables since na HA No no.


You count syllables by Never heard of that one. Not even a little bit. I chin doesn't really move that well. It does, it moves a bit. It doesn't move very much when I talk. No, but you, you exaggerate it when you're trying to do the set a lot of balls. I think I probably don't do that one for that exact reason. Okay.


Now you can get Disney Plus and Hulu together for just 2 99 a month for four months. We sure would love that. Get both and watch Marble's. Daredevil Born again and Moana too on Disney Plus. Can I get a Chi on Hulu? Check out Good American Family and Paradise. Call it in now. Disney Plus and Hulu together for just 2 99 a month. All of these and more streaming soon. New and returning subscribers. 18 plus only after four months. Plant auto renews at 10 99 a month until canceled. Offer ends 3 30, 25 terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name, your price tool from Progressive. You can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match. Limited by state law. Not available in all states.


What is one skill you think everyone should possess regardless of who they are or what they do? Communication. Broad, but I like it. God man. The ability to talk and communicate, listen and speak. The most important in relationships, light everything. So many things are just, they go wrong in everything because of lack of communication, proper communication. This is kind of robbing that one a little bit, but I think in specificity, I think everyone should speak a second language. Hmm. That's a little different. But I see, I see where you're going with it. And, and again, I'm, I'm not fluent in Korean. I'm trying, but automatically it opens up your worldview to know another language because in that you can interact with at least one more culture.


And that's big. Even in America, if everyone also spoke Spanish, there would be an incredible, like, larger part of interaction happening with people like from Mexico or Spanish to the center or anything like that. And then Spanish also is a gateway language to like French and Italian and, and all those other romance languages. And so there's just, there would, it would, I believe it would probably be a net good. There'd still be plenty of people that are prejudice and biased. And it doesn't stop anyone. It doesn't make anyone a miraculously good person or fix everything. But it would, it would, they would at least be literate. 'cause if they could speak to, well, maybe not. There's people that speak multiple don't read it, but there'd be a little more going on up here.


You know what I mean? Well, your answers make mine seem pretty frivolous now. My my thing that I landed on was cooking, which is a little broad, but if communication's allowed to be one, I think cooking, like you don't need to know how to cook to survive. But I feel like if more people had a fundamental base of cooking, like basic cooking skills, it just makes life that little bit better. Right? When you're, especially in the world that we live in, like you don't always have a lot of money for fancy ingredients or nicer, higher end ingredients. Sometimes you get the same stuff week after week. You live in a world of a lot of like rice and beans and things.


Simple ingredients can be just as delicious as fancy expensive ingredients. It takes more technique and knowledge maybe. But that's the thing, right? If I know people who like, don't like eating now or, or have some specific foods that they won't eat and not for reasons like Wade, where like cilantro tastes like soap and that's like a genetic thing. They just like, they think they don't like food. But the problem is they grew up and like their, both parents were working and that, you know, food was secondary. They ate what they ate. It was a lot of canned stuff or whatever can be delicious. And I feel like when food is delicious, it just sort of improves your overall quality of life. But it's hard to argue that people should spend a lot of time cooking or learning about cooking when, you know, shit's hard now.


Now that feels stupid. So thanks. You made me feel really stupid. Thanks guys. That Was our goal. Ada, right? Mark d Pronounce Donatos Wade. It's a pizza place. Oh, Datos. Anyway, I had some other ones, but as per usual, I hate them now even though I took the time to write them down. So I don't wanna talk about those. I think that was enough. I think the ice is broken. I think we know each other better now. Now we can all stop pretending to be friends and get the fuck back to work. So You guys wanna get together, get some chi? God, no. Can't wait for this conversation to be over. Go on back to your cubicles, everybody. I will read the points now in a perfunctory manner. Oh wait, no.


Should I wait? Shoot. I forget. Do we do the wheels first? Should we do the wheels first? We usually do wheel last, but you can do whatever order you want, Man. I just don't even, it's all different now. All right, I'll read the points. Mark. Mark, you got points for cool surgery I've never finished in my life. Girthy redwood water polo emoji and eat love. All Right, eat lava. Eat lava. Ah, eat love. Okay, yeah, that makes yeah, Eat shit. Love. I've got that on my wall. Wade, you earn points for poo poo water book palpatine therapist. I'm AAG type loser like me eat garbage and five syllables.


I'm gonna go talk to my Palpatine therapist after this episode. You might think I was prepared to roll a three-sided die. This is kind of a disadvantage for me, but I, I want to go with Shirt is closest to their own background. Ype, wait, hold on. You are welcome. It's gotta be in there somewhere. Sorry. The, the sign is not Wade flesh toned. Yeah, it's kind of, it's kind of marked today. But Wade, you wear a lot of like gray shirts and I do have purple shirts that I wear sometimes And I usually wear dark shirts. So this is uncommon. Something about today, something about that shirt tone. It is an unusual color for you. You wear a lot of like dark stuff and like greens.


And If I wear a green shirt and I tell the editors to green, screen it out. Does that count? 'cause then I'd just be a floating hit. I mean, not counts, I don't get to see that, but we can talk about it when it happens. Okay. Oh, anyway. Three sided die. Well, I got a two. All right, So we're doing two spins. I did not tell you who is ahead. I wasn't counting either, so I have no idea. It's Wade. Wade is ahead. Okay. And there are two spins, so I'm sure nothing bad will happen to me. Come On, Eh.


Okay. That's not gonna do my shit. Oh my God, my God. Why fuck is that so loud? It was Last time too, but I swear gets louder each time. I don't know how to make that be not loud. I don't know. All right. Point point for, what was it? Point for listeners. Viewer Listeners. No viewers. It was viewers because viewers disappeared. And it's on listeners now. Well, I'm just gonna write listeners, and you're just gonna have zero points on this scorecard. So you're gonna be in fourth place listeners. And spin number two, hopefully with no sound fucking destroying your eardrums again.


Oh Shit. I have, I felt pretty confident about every one of my answers. I'm pretty sure that I could say that it was me strong Lee through it. I looked for some punchlines. He was locked in during the small talk and I was making light of it. I, I would say, I would say Mark was more locked in than I was. I was definitely more locked in. I'll accept it. Mark gets the point for being most locked in, which makes the final scores. Viewers, oh, listeners zero. Yeah. Take that viewers one. Woo. Wade seven and Mark six.


Oh fuck. Which means that way to wins. Wow. I get what a way to mislead that. Why'd you get so excited? I was so Ready for it, Man. I know. Usually If I'm read first, it's not a good thing, but yeah. All right. Real Subversion. You were just really invested in that one. I, I felt it. Anyway, congratulations Wade. Thank you. Is it winter speech time? Yeah. Winner speech it a way. Go for it buddy. Bob, great episode as always. Thank you for having me. Mark, it was well thought you were locked in, you were right there. But ultimately it comes down to Palpatine and Lea. And if you don't have those two things in your life, what really do you have?


Truer words have never been uttered out of Wade's mouth. Mark, lose a speech. This was unfair. I've been, Oh fuck. Wait, wait, wait. I allow it. I mean, we're giving the speeches, but look, I guess technically if we're gonna do this, what's unfair is Wade is winning. So if Mark wins, I I buy it. I Buy it. Mark wins. Yes, but if, if it is deemed fair, Wade gets double win. I don't know what that means, but I'll Take it. So heads for Mark. Tails for me. Yeah. So if three heads Mark actually wins this episode, the score doesn't change.


Mark just wins this episode. If three tails weighed, double wins this episode, whatever the fuck that means, he gets Two wins for the season championship, which probably ended by now. I don't remember. It's almost definitely maybe over. Who cares? I mean, who knows? I do care. I want, I want the trophy. But anyway, flip 'em boys. It's heads, heads Sales. Oh man, I, I wanted to cheat so bad. I did too, but the other way, oh, I saw it laying heads and I was like, what do I do this bad for me Anyway, mark, continue your loser speech.


Now that we have deemed that completely fair, It's legally declared to be fair. So I have no right to complain. I need to tear up my previous loser speech, which was going to, and then my follow-up winner speech I was going to read. Now I'm left with a nothing speech where I feel like nothing m nothing. I will never accomplish anything. I'm not a mighty redwood. I am a lowly dandelion just blowing away in the wind. Cheers. Thank you everyone for competing excellent use of the unfair bit. Mark, I thank you. I respect it. Thank you. I look forward to that coming up later on. We should make a rule that it can only be if it's, there's a one point margin because Otherwise it was clearly pretty fair.


We won't remember that. I'll remember it. I member, I Member. Anyway, make sure you follow Mark and Wade on their YouTube channels and social media stuff. And I have those things too. And make sure you follow the podcasts, 'cause then your devices will tell you every time there's a new one, it's Mondays and Fridays. But you know, just in case you forget. Thank you so much for watching or listening to another episode of your favorite podcast. That's it for this one. Wade is gonna host the next one. Tell them podcast out.