
This episode is brought to you by Indiana Jones. In the great circle, uncover one of history's greatest mysteries in Indiana Jones. In the Great Circle, a first person, single player video game set between Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Last Crusade. The Year is 1937. Sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power and only one person can stop them. Indiana Jones. Do I enjoy Indiana Jones? I may have done a cosplay of me in a refrigerator surviving a nuclear bomb. Yes, I do. Adventure calls Indiana Jones in the Great Circle out now on Xbox series X and S Game pass and PC rated T for teen copyright and trademark. 2024 Lucas Film Limited. All rights reserved.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Wicker Wade Les Ur. This is Diablo and debates the deterioration of downtime, distractions, mortifying Mark Laus boxers. Then a dimply identifies the issue is egregious ego and potentially player purchases. BA for Bob. Sample socks questions, ethics and claims that commercialization has crippled the creative criteria from breathable balls to sweet proteins. It's time for what's wrong with video games. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everyone. Welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm today's host Beep. Why? Because I won the last one. Jody's always one of my co-host, mark and Bob. Hello men, how are you? Hello. Hi. It is cold Cincinnati. We have had like the coldest November start of December. I remember school got canceled because of cold in early December. That like never happens. That's like February weather. It's like wildly cold right now. I hate it. You Know where it's warm inside. Inside where? I mean inside anything, anywhere, any place that's inside. Probably pretty warm. I got parts that are warm. All right Guys. Right down a point. He's giving me warm points. I I've Got warm parts. I got lots of warm parts. You want to, you wanna feel some I want, I want you fuel 'em.


You use your right hand for marking your left hand for me and just start reaching. See you as warmer. Yeah, I bet I'm warmer. I bet him You guys ain't never had a friend like me. I a callback. Right? Give yourself a callback point. Oh you, why not, Man? I don't think Wade's ever earned a point when Eos, he always like loses six points. It is very rare. Yeah. How are you guys doing? How's life? How's things? Good? Life is good. It's about food Changes change, Huh? I have a big sweeping change that I, I just am bursting at the seams my entire life. I have been led astray my entire life. Oh, You figured it out, Bob. What was it? Nothing. Go on. Go On. My entire life I've been lied to.


I've been slandered. I've been some other word that is also like this. I made a fundamental difference in my life that has benefited me beyond anything I could ever have dreamed of for years and years and years. I've been lied to that boxer briefs are the superior form of underwear. This is a lie. This is a lie that has been perpetuated and I will not stand for it anymore. As it turns out, briefs tidy, whitey, no leggings, whatever you want to call 'em, underwear. That is the superior form of underwear. It is infinitely more comfortable. I never have any of the legs bunching up when I put my pants on when I'm walking around. There ain't no chafing. 'cause there's nothing to chafe.


There's no bunching up. There's no nothing. It is so freeing. It is so wonderful. I thought it would take me forever to get used to. Turns out life needed to get used to me. Now that I've made this change. Are you throwing up? I thought he was trying to throw. Had to sneeze. He was just puking. Yeah. All right. Okay. All right, man. This seems to be like that. I'm not even gonna dispute you, mark. Except for people like me with very large legs. I gotta have the leg parts. Thought You were going with the dick. No, I have a very, I've a very normal sized penis. Don't worry about it. But my legs, my leg is probably as big around as Mark's torso is. I'm enormous and my legs are enormous.


And if I don't have the, the pants parts, my legs just like start a little fire. Anytime I walk anywhere or do anything, it's very miserable. But you're right. That's why boxers are terrible. And why boxer briefs are better. Because you get a little bit of the world that briefs allow you to live in. Because I, I don't know how anyone could live in boxers, especially knitted boxers where they're not like stretchy or whatever. It's like your junk is living in a cave. It just flops around. It's like you've got your junk loose in the trunk of a car and you're driving around a racetrack at full speed. It's terrible. But some of us do need the briefs part of the boxer or the boxer part of the boxer briefs. But I think, I think you're right. I'm team boxers. You wear normal boxers.


You wear boxers just straight up boxers. I do. Now, to be fair, I've not tried wearing boxer briefs and I don't know how long. It's been a very long time. I've just worn boxers since like high school. And I think the only reason I ever changed was because it was the cool thing to do. And I was just like, whatever. And I, I wear basketball shorts and boxers and it's just kind of freeing good air flow. But I've not tried briefs or boxer briefs in a long time, so maybe I need to give 'em another shot. I will say modern textiles have changed the nature of briefs and boxer briefs in a substantial Way. I just couldn't go through high school and being like part of the men's locker room and briefs or else I would've gotten the shit kicked outta me. So I, I had to go team boxer. That's the thing. But that's the thing. That's the lie. That's the lie. That perpetuate. 'cause I had boxer beasts forever because of that lie.


Because I was like, oh, he's got 21. Why is that even a Joke? Yeah, exactly. Like that's why, that's why I had to switch back then. And I haven't gone back. They're so Comfortable. Oh, we need a underwear sponsorship. They do that. There are companies that do that. Didn't we have one way back? I think we had one. Yeah. I Don't know if they had just briefs. I don't know if they had that. This, this wasn't a sponsor. But I have to say the, the, the, the new modern like athletic textile stuff, A whole new world. And I can't recommend highly enough Duluth Trading Company. There happens to be one in Cincinnati. But you can also order 'em online. Their materials that they use for their boxer briefs. Outstanding. Top notch. Can't recommend 'em highly enough. Not a sponsor, not paid.


I buy 'em with my own hard-earned money. I I probably, it is probably right that if this was just pure like cotton, which you know, some are, but this is like some kind of composite with like some stretchy materials in it and like breathable materials. It's very nice. Whatever this is made of. And it may not have been the same story like 20 some years ago. Regular Old stanky cotton, tidy whitey from middle school. Not good modern briefs. Mm. Top notch. So I like them. I'm all about it. Fair. I had small talk and I don't even care anymore. I'm excited about this. I never get to brag about my, my underwear. I don't think I do either. I've not really thought about it because I've just worn boxers for years. 'cause after in high, like junior high, I think I switched 'cause I've joined the basketball team and I was like, I can't be caught in there with my briefs Because that's, that's exactly what it was all my life.


And then I finally was like, well I've worn through all of my pants and now I'm wearing through all of my underwear. I need to get new ones. So I was like, I looked up and I, I literally just was trying to find out what the most comfortable was. And everyone wanna say the specific brand that I bought. The brief style of it. So freeing. So under weary, it's Great. All right, well fair enough. That's Why I'm so confident today. You do seem like a different man. So there's something, I didn't realize that's what it was, but there was something Bob, did you want to have your small talk or you just intent? What Did I have to talk about? I'm also already unsure what I gave you your point for Mark. Or not Mark, Bob. You made a joke or something warm. Something and I already can't read what I wrote. I got warm parts inside me some something like that.


Parts Okay. Because it looks like I wrote Warm Pub. That makes more sense. Parts I, I won't correct anything. So I'll be confused at the end again. But just wanna double check. Yeah, No, don't change that. Just leave that the way it is. He'll remember One day I'll auction off my scorecard here so that way I can pay for some plumbing. Nah, that's gonna stop honey. Don't worry about it. To compliment Mark's underwear, I'm on the quest for socks. My socks taste is changing. I used to wear no shows and I've learned by being of a person on the internet that that's not cool anymore. No show socks are cringey. Like these Show cringe. Those aren't as cringe as lower cut NoShow. 'cause those are like low ankle but crew, low crew cut is really what you want. And I'm on a journey right now.


I've been trying, I've been buying like one new pair of different brand of socks every time I need to replace a pair. I'm not done yet. So if anyone out there has mi magical mystical sock recommendations, I'm trying things. I just bought some because I'm also up upgrading all my socks as well. This is, is this the most boring episode ever? Listen, we're gonna talk about whatever the fuck we want. This is our show. This Is small talk. Don't worry. This topic, they're gonna be flying in. It's gonna be some philosophy shit or something, isn't It? Okay. So I, again not sponsored, but I heard recommendation that darn tough socks was pretty good. So I'm ordered from there and they're coming in. Socks are harder 'cause socks need to be very specific. I'm very glad that the ankle sock trend is going away 'cause I've never liked them.


I don't like feeling my pants legs rubbing against my ankles. I don't like the shoes rubbing against my ankles. I like the coverage And yeah, I've always been a crew guy. I've Started wearing like, I wear Brooks shoes 'cause I had a lot of foot pain for a while and Brooks are just super padded. At least this one kind I was getting. But lately I got a pair of hey dudes for like a family photo thing and I've actually been really enjoying the hey dudes. But they are kind of low. So like my socks still stick out over them. But I, I've been in the the hey dude phase of my life right now, which kinda makes me remind me of my grandpa. My grandpa at some point in life stopped wearing tie shoes and just got like Velcro. Like rebox. He wore everywhere. Dude. Slip-ons are kind of where it's at. I've never done the slip-on thing till now, but now I'm kinda like, oh for winter, like taking the dogs outside when it's like fucking three degrees or whatever it is right now.


Having some slip-ons where I'm not wearing flip flops out in the freezing cold. I'm still wearing my shorts 'cause like can't change everything at once. But flip bonds are nice. Any more small talk bits? Yeah, actually I got a news story. Who, what's the name of the guy who runs like open ai? Well runs Open ai, Sam Altman or something like that. Wasn't Sam Altman the guy who was at FTX? You're right. Anyway, this the same person in my mind, The crypto guy. Anyway, headline Open AI continues its mission of quote, ethical AI by partnering with a killer robot company. That's the headline Is that, do they really get to say that that's their mission? Like I'm not, I have no ammunition to fire at Open ai but they're a for-profit company now, right?


Or are they're transitioning to a for-profit company? They just aren't. If they do that, if they become, 'cause they were a nonprofit, if they become a for-profit company or if they have already done that, they're not doing ethical ai, they're doing profitable ai. That's by definition their motive is changed from we're a nonprofit doing ethical things to, we're a for-profit company, maximizing profits, doing whatever the hell is necessary as long as it's legal and maybe ethical. They just get to say that. That seems crazy to me. Yeah. And if you want to know about maybe Ethical, they partnered with and Dural Industries a defense contractor co-founder by Oculus. Founder Palmer Lucky. Their mission statement. Please cue up the patriotic music.


Oh wait, we've got editors. The editor's got this, the editor got The editor's got this. Your mission Transforming defense capabilities with advanced technology. The battlefield has changed. How we deter and defend needs to change too. Security threats. Are you All right there? Okay. Just forgot That we had editing for A minute. Sometimes you feel like you're out on an island by yourself here in the podcasting world. No, not with and Orral Industries. Security threats are evolving at machine speed to keep paced and or puts products ahead of process. Bruce, Bruce and builds technology to bring the United States and partners Quantum leaps ahead and capability.


I want, always want my military equipment products ahead of process way ahead. You don't wanna worry about researching anything. You wanna build the the best product you can and get it out there asap. Also, I just wanna say I'm an ignorant piece of shit. Sam Altman is the head of OpenAI. Sam Bankman freed the crypto guy. Well isn't he in jail or going to jail or something? Something like that. He he is in big trouble. Yeah, he is in jail. Sam Altman is in charge of open ai. I feel like every crypto guy ends up in trouble eventually. What? No. Wasn't there news about Hawk to a girl maybe doing a, what's it called? A pump and dump with a coin or something. People were accusing her of that rug pool. Listen, this is all alleged. These are alleged. Yeah, These are all I I don't know for a fact I just saw It.


We're not journalists or anything but yeah, no coffee. Zilla like confronted them on a live thing on Twitter spaces or whatever the hell it's called. And it, it would appear, they may have done textbook sort of rug pull potentially. Maybe. I feel like we really missed the boat on this crypto coin thing. We could have had a coin, we could have Rug pulled everybody and here we are. Wait, you and I need to launch and Friends Coin asap. We need to get some people in. We need to Mark, we need you to invest in this coin. Yeah, well tell me more. I'm very interested. You give us money, you make it eventually probably, maybe. No, we don't even need to take Mark's money. That's the thing with crypto, you can take money out of the pockets of the Fools who think you're reputable and listeners. Yeah, them those people. Yeah, we love those guys.


We just buy some, buy some Grift coin right now. Viewers. There's a special message just for you Listeners. You go get that coin To get back to what Mark was talking about. That sounds very ethic ish. I think my suggestion to Mark a few episodes back about collecting battle bots might be a bit more relevant now that there's gonna be Killer Bots. Oh yes. Because according to them, the arsenal we need is an order magnitude more than we can build at present to maintain peace. And a tur War was it? Was it Iron Man two where the one dude was like build me some bots and the other dude was like, are You talking about Hammer Tech Had a whip?


Yeah. Yeah. Hammer Tech guy talking About Ha Sam Rockwell plays, what's his name? Something Hammer. Armand Hammer. I think Armand Hammer goes and Armand Hammer goes in Ru's Lipinski out of Russian jail and then they crash a Formula One race or some shit like that. See That's the kind of recap that makes sense to me. And then he dances and his robots don't listen to him. It's a whole mess. Thank God for Hark or whatever his name was. Last episode. You talking About the end of gamer when he dances and the other I've got you under my skin. Are You talking about Real Steel where he's all, you watch me, you watch me And then he wins the fight with boxing. I forgot The gamer's. The one with Dexter guy, right?


I forget the actor's name. Yeah. Mr. Morgan, I've got you under my skin thing. Yeah, I thought gamer was Gerard Butler. Oh it is. But he's the good guy. Oh, Okay. Dexter plays the guy who made the video game or Whatever. What's his name? Michael C. Hall. Is that Dexter? Yes. Who, who brought up Gamer? Is it you? Mark, you get a segue point. Did you know that Michael C. Hall sings in a band? I don't know if he actively does it, but there are videos of him. He's the, he's the, You can go and C Hall. Give yourself a point. Give yourself a point, dude. I'm winning. Give yourself A point. Okay man, Give yourself a boy. It's funny now I was hurt. Now I'm Laughing. I Laughed. You know what's funny? Oh, I, this is small talk.


What are we doing? I realized this recently 'cause because Disney movies, you know how I do that voice, the mocking voice? Don't you mean new rubbery? Did you mean me that that bit, I don't know if this is the origin origin of it, but I realize where I got that from. It's actually from the movie Monsters Inc. I've never seen that whole movie. There's a scene in the beginning of the movie where there's, there are characters in a locker room and one of them, the guy voiced by, oh what's his name? Crazy Teeth. All I can think of is Belushi. But that's not the guy Gary Busey. No, no. The guy from Gourd Lock Empire. Steve Buscemi. Steve Buscemi voices his character and he is like talking and he is like, sh do you hear that? That is the winds of change.


And then he walks away and Mike was asking, is all you hear That Ding The wind winds you change. That's totally where I got that bit from. Every time I do that, that's what I think of. So I Have a habit of doing, saying, yeah, okay. When people say things, which is the Geico commercial, when they're like the, why don't we get in the running car? Are you crazy? Let's go hide behind those Chainsaws. Yoki. Oh I just, I mimic that one line from that stupid commercial. Shout out to them I guess. Shout out to commercial. Hey dude, that that, yeah. Okay. Has stuck with me since I first saw It. That does come up a lot. I just said it today. We were, I was driving to the airport and I don't remember someone like cut me off or whatever and then they waved like I let them in.


I was like, yeah, okay. Like, I don't know, I just do that. You cut someone off and they went, yo, yo, okay. No, no. They cut me off and then they waved like I let them in. Like they nearly wrecked into me, forced me to slam my brake and they waved like, thanks for letting me in. Yeah, okay, Wait. As that guy is one of the racers from that opening exceed of Fast and Furious, he drives past the one guy and he is all Monica and Wade's like you. Okay. And drives away. It's the nitrous. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Is there a topic for this episode or I'm gonna get there eventually. I gave Mark a segue point like five minutes ago for the movie Gamer because today's episode is, what's wrong with video games?


How old are we? What Happened? This is not about like what's wrong with video games societally it just been like specifically, here's what I'm thinking. Diablo four had a rough launch And it got better And it got better and then they had a DLC drop And it just feels like a lot of the better. They kind of undid again And it just, I want the play, I wanna love it. But man, it's, it's just, it's rollercoaster in me. And as we're filming this path of Exile two is about to come out and Path of Exile kind of had Diablo three by the Balls. I mean Diablo three ended up as a great game. I think Diablo three ended up as a great game by the end. But it took five, six years to get there. Path of Exile just came out, seemed like a passion project.


People loved what they were doing. They wanted to make a fun game that was like a referenced to you know, Diablo two and other RPGs and stuff. Great game. And they've continued to support it. They've continued to just do great things with it. It's very popular. People enjoy it. I never hear anything bad said about passive Exile in Two comes out very soon and it seems like all of the hype is up for that. And I've seen some interviews with the guy that's making it and he was talking about some decision making things. He's like, look, actually what the BLO four has been doing is actually very difficult. Some of the stuff that they're doing, it makes sense that it's a struggle 'cause what they're doing is challenging to make. And we decided why do the hard stuff whenever we can do easier stuff that makes more content that people like and isn't as difficult to do.


Which was kinda like taking a shot at them, but also like giving them credit for doing hard work. I'm kind of in a weird spot myself as a gamer. I, I still play video games quite often, but I've been balancing between games a lot lately And it just made me wonder like, man, I play Diablo too for like 10 straight years. I played Diablo three for like 10 straight years. I cannot stick with a game anymore. I don't know if that's an age thing. I don't know if I just need to find a new hobby or is something wrong with the video games themselves. So what is wrong with video game? I'll tell you what's wrong. This is what I really actually think. This is very true. I was gonna start off as a big dramatic bit. I think the problem with video games is that so many people in the creative driver's seat of video games are people that wanted to make movies and are instead in charge of making games or they're put in a position where they're making games and you have this expectation that AAA game must have almost a movie level of cinematography and acting and a bunch of actors in there and all this cool stuff.


And I'm not saying that a good story isn't part of a good game, but in a lot of these higher end titles, I'm not saying Dabble four is is following this 'cause it's like it is a bit different. And Blizzard's always done really cool cinematics that I do appreciate. Yeah, they've got a great, they've got a couple great cinematics in in four. They Probably got the greatest cinematic team in gaming company history. They, they pioneered a lot of technology in terms of cinematics. So all credit to them. But you have, and I'm not just talking about like the the the Man of Madan level where it's literally a movie that, you know, you do a couple QuickTime events and stuff like that kicking It like Legends bro, the Man of Madan quote until Don had let's party like porn stars, the man of Madan had like, let's kick it like Legends bro or something like that.


Kicking it like legends bro. That's all I really remember about that game. There's been built up this expectation that a game puts story and acting and all this first and then the gameplay is an accessory to that. But that's completely the opposite of how a game should be structured and built from the ground up. The experience, the game mechanics, the core loop needs to be established first and then the story is built around that mechanics and the story is constrained by the limitations of the mechanics of your game loop and not the other way around. Because so many games that are really good games, like let's say God award, it's a great game. I have never finished it, but I know it's really well made and it's really well told story.


And like the acting is great and the actual like cinematography is great and then the gameplay is also good. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's, it's, you talk about those other things first and then the gameplay, which god of war, when you go back to the original one, the very first, which I played every God of war except the two new recent ones. Even the PSP versions of the, the game itself in those games was the basics of it was combat. That is like tetra style accelerating there. And God War has that. It does have that, but it is 50 50 with the story. And that's a balance I can accept. But it creates this expectation for the game developer where the expectation to create that cinema experience is so high.


And then they have to be like, well we gotta raise up the game to this. And when it succeeds those meet And it succeeds with that game, a lot of games don't succeed because they can't pull the game up to meet the story that they're trying to make at the same time. So I'm not saying story is bad, that's not what I'm saying. I'm not saying cinematography is bad. I'm saying like putting that first is one of the core problems of gaming today. Diablo four arguably did that when it launched playing through the campaign. The campaign was fun, the story was interesting, the cinematics were fantastic. And then you got to like level 50 out of a hundred, which they've changed the way leveling works now. So they, they have renovated that a bit. But you have to like level 50 that's like, okay cool, well we finished the story, what is there to do now I need to get my glyphs leveled up. So let's go run some nightmare dungeons to level glyphs.


There's one boss that doesn't give you any rewards, you get achievement for beating her. But that's it. So I'll just level up my glyphs that I can run more nightmare dungeons to level up glyphs. What is this? The mid-game, the end game. It's all of it. What do you mean? It's all of it. And they've spent the first four or five, whatever seasons since then, adding mid and end game content because they had virtually none and they've added, and like I said, it got to a point like a season ago where I was like, actually it's in a pretty good start space right now. I really enjoying, I'm having fun. I wanna play every season I'm playing past getting to level 100. I'm playing multiple characters And it something with the DLC coming out, I don't, I don't know that they really changed. I don't know what they changed, but it felt like they added more like grind and less reward feeling. It's like I didn't feel like I was getting as much bang for my buck.


It was like I was, I gotta do this, gotta do this, gotta do this, gotta do this. Like I don't want a game to feel like a job. I want it to feel something like fun rewarding when it gets to be taxing to play. It loses me very quickly. And something about the DLC, again, great story, but the added stuff to do just felt like a chore that wasn't rewarding enough to make me want to do it. And it just hurts me. 'cause I want Diablo to succeed. 'cause I love Diablo's universe. I've played it since the nineties and it's like, I, I don't wanna see it fail, but man, are they trying their best to make it fail sometimes it feels like, but I think you're spot on with that. And that's a good start. Thank you. Oh, you Bob, what you got? Yeah, I have deep thoughts too and really it really insightful things just like Mark did. You Don't have to go that deep. We can just talk about Simple. No, I I the cynical, the one thing I do think then this is the cynical part of my take on this I think is they're a business.


Video games more than ever are business. It's a huge industry. It's been a growth industry for the last, I don't know, 6, 7, 10 years money. People have realized gaming isn't just a thing that nerds do. It's a thing that they could use to make a lot of money. There's a ton of money in it and people spend money on the thing, the games that they're invested in. And so I do feel like there's been, not that the, the golden age of gaming was in our youth. 'cause I think everyone feels that about everything. Everything when you were a kid was the best version of whatever. But like you could see in the way that things are designed and not all games, but a lot of the popular games are designed to make sure that you log on every day as opposed to make sure that you have some specific experience where it's like this game, like, you know, quake is about crazy arena shooter flying around.


Quake has a distinct identity. It is quake. Those are a thing. Halo has a pretty distinct identity. I feel like they've lost some of it as the modern Halo games. But the original Halo stuff, it had a very specific feel and identity and like they made it because they were trying to make that game. But like Fortnite and I have nothing against Fortnite, I play Fortnite. It's very fun. It doesn't feel like it's a distinct thing. It feels like Fortnite. They're like, well what's popular? Who's popular? Who can we work into this? What mechanics are popular? What do people like, how can we change the entire core of the game that we made to include and pander to whatever is currently popular? And again, I'm saying that like saying the thing, it's fun And it works, but it doesn't feel like they have some specific vision for what it is.


It feels like the vision is how, how the fuck do we get people to log on here and buy V bucks and buy the Battle pass and finish the battle pass so that they're on for six plus hours a day, seven days a week for the rest of their existence. And it is fun And it works. I'm not even saying that I'm immune to being sucked in by that. There are mobile games that I play Fortnite, I, I play not a lot but a little bit because it's like, Ooh, that's cool. I wanna, I want to go see the Skin this, they have Snoop Dogg season or whatever life like that feels like it's taking over to me. More and more stuff exists and is dominating the market where the goal is like Call of Duty. I played Black Ops six for the first time recently. Call of Duty has always kind of been, it changes.


It has changed. There's been a shit ton of them and they all change. But the the just the way the newest one feels, it feels like they were like, man Fortnite is really successful. How do we just fucking, what if we just copy their menus and just jam all the Call of Duty looking shit into one thing? 'cause now Call of Duty isn't even a game. It's like a launcher where all the Call of Duty content that's playable is all in one place. And again, it works. People like it. I don't care for it as much as I used to, but it just feels like there's no, it's very money driven and that that makes everything feel kind of cheap. And that makes me feel like it's hard. Typically want to get invested. I must have put months of my life into Call of Duty for, and not because it's a gaming masterpiece, but because that satisfies a part of my gamer personality, which is like competitive fun.


It was consistent. It was something that I learned and got really good at. I have no reason to get that invested in Modern Call of Duty stuff. Every new game feels like they were like, well what, how can we make sure they have to buy more shit from this one? 'cause it's different from the last one. It works. People like it. But I think that's what makes everything feel kind of shallow and cheap in a lot of modern games. Especially popular games. That's fair. I mean, college of Duty specifically, like I think college, late college, whatever year, black Ops, modern Warfare two and then Black Ops two, I think those were the three I put the most time into. It's like I played them from the time they launched to when the next one came out and then so on and so forth. Like I just, I played a shit ton of it. I cared about my kill death ratio and all that stuff. It was all like, dude, I just went 43 and o on Jungle.


Like I'll never forget, like my first time having a major kill streak and zero deaths. I did like three times ever where I had like 40 plus kills and no deaths. And I was like, my average kill death was like 1.3, but those 43 and os man. And then like lately I played some of, I forget which Call of Duty it was that had like, oh God, what was the mode? It was the, their zombie mode. But their zombie mode was not the waves. It was like the open world. Like you go and do different tasks around, but like meanwhile, there's also zombies coming after you. Was That Cold War? It Might've been. I I, I wouldn't know by name, but like you had to go and extract when you were done and you would like get your pack a punch machine around the map and so on and so forth. And there were like different zones where the zombies at the middle were the toughest and then less tough.


And then the easy ones were the edge. I had fun with that mode, but like the actual multiplayer and stuff, like I played through the story, the story was fine. The multiplayer just, I've, I've not, I've not cared for PVP in a long time, which makes me care very little about Call of Duty because they really just cater to that mode. It's all about their battle royale. They, they have like their battle royale and they have their multiplayer PVPI just don't care about that stuff anymore. So it's been hard for me to get into it. But yeah, not since high school or college have I really cared about a call of duty all that much outside of like a couple of zombie modes. I Know what's wrong with gaming. This is gonna be a bold one. It's gonna be very aggressive. I stand by every word that I'm going about to say. The gamers themselves, it's our fault. Not us. Not us. We're better. Oh okay. We're better than this. I think that the gamers themselves don't realize how complicit they are in the choices that developers are making towards these games.


There is something to be said about the, the lewd boxes of the world and the exploitation of like gambling habits and, and the psychology of it it that companies are trying to exploit very aggressively that should be made aware of. But at this point people are aware of these things and they need to understand that there is a feedback between the pre-order hype that everyone tells people don't pre-order. Why would you, there is no benefit towards it. Sometimes you get like a pre-order bonus and that's just because they're incentivizing you to give your money earlier. And if there's a bonus you're really like, sure why not? But you don't know if a game's good because every game nowadays releases too early and the pre-orders are part of a cycle that leads to developers releasing games too early because they have your money.


And the company that owns all these game companies now have a schedule of how they want and when they want to make money, they're like, we need to make money on October. Your game's coming out in October. Get those pre-order bonuses going because we want our money and when the game comes out, they don't give a shit what happens afterwards. Money is the only thing that talks in this world. And the entire world of gaming has been infiltrated by money, just like what Bob was saying. But it's also on the responsibility of the gamers and the consumers themselves to consumers responsibly and really, really think about what they are leaning into the, again, the gambling side of it and the loop box side and the actually being exploited side. That is, that is difficult to break for a lot of people.


But we, we all are aware of this now. And also side note to the gamers being responsible to this now more than ever is trend-based gaming. There's a lot of people that will play games because it is popular to play them, not even because they enjoy playing it. Part of it is our fault. This is where we are kind of part of it because we're more content greeters and streamers. We perpetuate this issue where there's like a certain attention to certain games and a lot of times you'll get streamers, maybe not us, but they won't play a game unless they're paid to play it or they won't play a game because they know they won't get viewership for it. And that is also part of the problem. I'm not saying there's a big single solution to it, but self-awareness is something that's easy to forget in a larger statistical average of population size.


Right? You look at a large news like Well's, a piece of the pie. What I do doesn't matter. But it does, it always does. The individual matters in your actions as an individual matter and especially our actions as influencers matter because even though I don't like the word influencer, it's, there's no denying that what we do is influential to the people that watch us. And they will play the games that we play and they will copy the behavior that we exude and they will do what we do. And there are some bad, bad examples of people who do gaming content that are just shit people and it's just, they're just terrible and, and like names, huh? Wanna drop some names? Wade Barnes. Lord Minions Minion. Seven. Seven. Oh, I hate that guy.


Yeah, that guy. Oof. No, I'm just saying like, individual responsibility in the gaming world is something that is dismissed out of hand content creators and stuff's a whole nother ball game. 'cause like playing games. So just going with trends, like whenever you're making content and it's your job, it's hard not to, right? 'cause you have to jump on trends to get views or you have to start trends or whatever else. But the influence side of like people playing games only for trends. I've, I've kind of always wondered about that to some extent. 'cause like Lethal company, I'll actually play lethal company for fun with just with friends. Like, we'll get together, we'll play these, come we just have a good time with it. Some games like Fasm Phobia, I still play fasm phobia from time to time on stream or like for YouTube videos. I enjoy playing it for content. I, that's not a game I really want to play outside of making content for it.


I don't really like being scared unless it's with friends and typically viewers. I, I just don't care for being scared all that much. But Fasm phobia is a game. I'm kind of surprised, still gets updates, still gets love. I think it's popular. People play it, people stream it, people make videos on it and that's fine. But there are just certain games like that. And that to me in my mind are like, these are good content making games, but are people buying these games to play them themselves? Like maybe some people, clearly they are so people enjoy playing it, but like, it's not a game I would play for fun outside of the fact that I think it's a great content game. It's fun to play that with friends and viewers and stuff. And that's not, that's not meant to be a knock on fasm phobia or anything specifically. It's just one of those things where there's games like that where it's like, do people really play the, some games outside of just making content on them?


And obviously content creators themselves don't, I'm not talking about them specifically, but like viewers, it's like how people out there play fasm phobia and don't make content on it. Like you actually enjoy it or certain games and stuff like that. I don't know. I I, I'm fortunate, like I think we're fortunate. We're in a position where we don't have to play the trend game. I did, you know, there was a time period 20 14, 20 15, whatever. I remember rust, seven Days to Die. I was playing those before they got super popular. But even when they were getting popular, I was like, oh boy. More rust and more Seven Days to Die. I like these games, but also they're popular. It's great for me. What a great trend to be on. There is a game to be played there. Especially whenever you're struggling paycheck to paycheck kind of stuff with your job and ups and downs. We've all been there again, not me, never. I've never been there always up. You should try it.


Just don't go down One day. I have to look down at the peons beneath me. Just don't look it down either. Just start pissing me. That's all I Do. But it it, it's just an interesting conversation. Your point, what is it? I wrote down stuff, pre-orders. Legendary edition. Deluxe edition, the gotcha style stuff, battle passes, early access, all those things people pay extra money for and a lot of games that just never get finished. You pay for all that stuff and then the game flops and you're just outta the money. Can I Ask a question? Is that where the word peons comes from? Because though they're the ones that you pee on, they are the peons. Is that where that comes from? I'm glad you asked this. I my minor was in linguistic studies.


Yes, 100%. This is the origination Because it never occurred to me. But that just is perfect. It is. They they're the ones that you peon them Doing a very rough Google search. It looks like it's more based on the Latin based language. Spanish and Latin French words that basically go with ped, which is foot. So it's like foot soldier peons are foot soldiers. Well your dumb Google AI doesn't know what the hell it's talking about. I'm asking the real AI connected to the military equipment. I Wish it, I was really hoping it would be like yes because Kings used to peon their subjects from their high castle walls. I was hoping that would be the truth. No, no, no. It's Distractible route is yes P on, sorry, I didn't mean to bring truth to our podcast.


We can go back to peddling bullshit. But we're talking about what's wrong with video games. They're too complicated. There's too many pixels. When I was a kid, if you were a good counter, you could count the number of polygons on the screen in any given moment and there was X number of polygons and X was a number you could count to in a reasonable amount of time. No, honestly I do. I it's not a, I don't think this is a problem with games. I do feel bad for developers. The world of releasing a game now in terms of what, what it's going to be played on hardware wise has just gotta be a fucking nightmare. 10, 15 years ago when, when we were younger people, there were still a lot of things, there were a lot of different devices and there were different configurations of computers.


You would have different cards together and there's just even more now. And it's even, it's so complex. I can't imagine how some people, especially small studios, put something out that works on your computer. My computer, someone's computer, which is 10 years older than ours, it's not a problem. There's not really a solution to it. But I do think the more complicated tech gets and computers get and you have steam decks and you have the ACEs, rogue ally type things and you have been mobile gaming is also is the biggest sector I think in the gaming market. There's just all this shit. I get why it's hard to make a game work across all kinds of different devices. I don't think there's an excuse for games like Battlefield having such terrible server support that you can't even play a match without like teleporting around and falling out of the earth.


And like that's a different thing. 'cause that's, they chose that they run their software on their servers and they, they're big company. They're a AAA company. They could, they could manage that. I do think it must be tough. I feel like I'm not answering the brief at all. This is not a problem that's wrong with gaming, but it must be really tough for smaller developers to deal with the infinite number of combinations of shit that your game may or may not be playable on. And that's your responsibility. No, That's fair. Permission to hijack the podcast. I don't know how I forgot to talk about something. That is going to be the next thing people meme about me for probably months. Do we know about this? Is this new? I bought something. What did you buy, mark? Have you heard of Brasin?


Is that that magazine for bras? No, don't look it up. Don't look it up. Wait, don't look it up. All right. So this this substance, this substance to try to obtain this substance. My plan was to go on the Nigeria subreddit, try to befriend someone and see if they could purchase me the ULI fruit. The Uli fruit is native to West Africa, some parts of Central Africa. And it is a sweet tasting fruit that is not for sale in America in any way, shape or form. Because it's dangerous, illegal. It could issues just a reason for this or Just not for sale?


Just not for sale. Oh, Okay. Okay. In this fruit, in this fruit is a substance that has been named bra because the, I told you this is worth, this is worth hijacking this moment for, I can't believe I haven't talked about this. It's from the plant. Penta Deandra Ziana bylaw. This fruit from this plant contains a substance that has been named brazing, which is a sweet protein. Hmm. That sounds weird. I know, right? It's super weird. A sweet protein that they say, let me pull up the, the article for Bine. It's found in the extracellular region in the pulp tissue surrounding the seeds with penadine discovered in 1989.


Browsing is a second sweet tasting protein discovered within the Uli fruit. Like other sweet proteins. It is extremely sweet compared to commonly used sweeteners. 500 to 2000 times sweeter than sucrose. The fruit tastes sweets to humans and monkeys and bonobos. But gorillas have mutations in their sweetness receptors. So they do not find browsing and sweet and are not known to eat the fruit. Just so you know. So I went on a hunt to buy browsing because it's one of the only heat tolerable sweet proteins in existence. So you can bake with it, right? So you could make sweet cookies out of a protein that is sweet.


It's, it blows my mind Is browsing the actual name of the protein. 'cause I, I did look it up after you have been talking and I'm seeing Penadine is the sweet tasting protein. There's two. So there's penadine and browsing. I believe Browsing is, well maybe, I don't know. I barely looked this up before I started trying to befriend people in Nigeria. But I barely looked it up and I was like, wow. So I, I bought a kilogram of it. Oh my god. Two because I was the smallest. There's a smallest Jesus Christ. You, you bought a key of broing. Dude, I bought a key of Broing. He got a Kilo. Dude, that's enough to distribute. I bought it.


I'm That's a felony man. A felony. You gonna get arrested for trafficking man. Jesus Christ. Trafficking with intent to distribute God A kilogram costs $278. Browsing is a sweet tasting pre the, It's a sweet tasting pre. Yeah it is. But it, it's just like I, my brain doesn't comprehend that because even artificial sweeteners, they're not proteins. They're just like, you know chemicals that taste kind of sweet but you know, but this is a protein so it actually has calories. It's just that. It's sweet. That's weird to me. So I bought it. Did You get it yet? No, I'm I it's, it's shipping from China. You know the fruit from Africa, from China.


I gotta get it In before the tariffs come in man. Or else that brazy is gonna be super expensive. It's just a cube. A block that shows up of compressed white powder. It's just talcum powder on it. Scratched out handwritten in. Yeah, bine, whatever. They got a no questions from the FDA confirming the protein is safe for use in food and beverages. So why isn't it in the USA? I don't know. That was just March of this year. It's apparently it's FDA approved. Anyway. If anyone, if anyone is listening this from a country that grows the Uli fruit. Oh For fuck's sake man. That's what this is about. What do you mean Mark's just leveraging our show to get people to buy him things.


When you wreck your car driving 30 miles to get the Uli plant call mark, let him know about your bumper buster. That's not what it's, so you can come on this podcast and give him his goddamn product. No, No. I'm just curious. Aren't you guys curious About it? I mean, as a diabetic person I would be insanely curious about it. I'm surprised I haven't heard about this. Yeah, because There's a brand that makes some chocolate about it with it. But those are also expensive. So I was just like, I wonder what it would taste like if I could get some, This is a ridiculously outlandish thing to do, but 300 bucks for a kilogram of the stuff, if it's a usable product that's not actually terrible for something that is low is, is an artificial sweetener, low gly glycemic response and gives you protein when you consume it.


Like I have no I it's probably gross or something like, it probably tastes like sweet steak or something confusing. But no, People say it's tastes just like sugar. That's crazy. A kilogram of normal protein is between 20 and $30 for A rare thing. I think it'll probably come down in price. I I, I'm sure that it's, it'll become more common now that it's been said. And I know that there's probably people that are trying to grow the fruit over here. But I'll be like, hey, send me the seeds. I'll grow 'em. We'll start, we'll start an ley Mark's, start a grow house with a solar panels because You're gonna, the police are gonna pull up, you got your pot plants out front that are legal down most states. They're gonna come inside, bust down the door, open up your closet, the halogen lights are on full display of your ly plate.


I got dust in my, my mustache. My beard just white everywhere. Oh you Can't take my protein man. People that are naked with like the mask on just like rolling up your protein for you. That's ridiculous. So it literally has no glycemic effect, meaning it doesn't raise your blood sugar at all. It literally is the effect of eating protein but getting the sweetness. And that's why 'cause like right now I think that's how I discover 'cause I'm doing a like a mostly protein diet and I'm not really doing carb. So I was like I wonder what kind of sweeteners are found this. I'm all about it. Gimme that shit. Bought it, paid for. Can't speak to the veracity here but apparently you can buy seeds for the ULI plant And I have a website where rare palm seeds.com.


I fuck rare palm Seeds.com. Yeah my lovely the fucking, when you Google something now and like the AI overview thing gives you info. I don't know how much I trust it but it told me that it's outta stock. Oh yeah it is. Thanks Man. Her beautiful out of stock Herb. Beautiful. Oh the product code. That's the product Code. Oh is that what that is? Oh it's code next to it. Her B-P-P-E-B-R. It's a product code. Oh okay. Well Herb Pepper. Beautiful outta of stock. Beautiful. Well I didn't know why it was like beautiful.


It was outta stock. I was very confused. It's like they made it really happy. They're outta stock. We're running outta combinations of letters. What do we calling it man, partner. I dunno is that one taken? How many why's are in that? Oh man. Anyway, so Bob, you get it. Like this Could be really cool. Thi this, I, I'm assuming there are reasons that this is not Blown up immediately. But also this would be the hunt for sweeteners that do not actually affect your blood sugar is fascinating. 'cause there was one that was, I think it's called erythritol. Very promising except one of the warnings is don't consume it 'cause it'll cause you to have strokes.


It's not a high chance of having a stroke. But I, I literally, I think it was like a sports drink that a new version of a sports drink came out that was like the zero sugar version. And I was like, oh this is the most delicious one I've had. I drank the whole thing and then I was like, what is that erythritol? Oh strokes. Oh I should probably not consume a lot of that or anymore. Ever. I guess is That the one that also dog can have 'cause they'll die? Oh maybe. I dunno. But it, but yeah, that's the thing, right, is all, all of the artificial sweeteners have their, either they have a downside or they taste weird And it's like, yeah, you could deal with that. And also baking the, the fact that the, the browsing is heat stable is a big deal because it's really difficult to get the baking outcomes that you want with most in general.


Current sugar substitute things even they make ones for baking. They mediumly work and the protein still is gonna be funky 'cause you're, you're substituting sugar, which is hydroscopic and has its own qualities in the baking process for a protein. But at least it's stable. So you could do other things to, anyway, it's interesting. I'm surprised I haven't heard about this. This is something that I tend to pay attention to, things like this. So how's The plant pronounced? Is it Weebly? Uli Herber Herberg. Herber Uli. O-U-B-L-I is what I see. I'm hoping it's Weebly. So I can make my Weebly board joke, which is like a Ouija board. But if it's not then forget it. Make it Anyway just in case. You might Be right. I just did, I hope it was funny. I had this whole thing, I was like, yeah, looking at this, the entire plant's very useful.


You have the protein that you can use to have like the sugar and even the outside of the fruits use the big Weebly boards for ghost hunting. And you know, now I was like, well it's probably not pronounced Weebly, so I better just ruin the joke ahead of time. If you hadn't explained it, that would've totally worked. Well, I think we've been saying Obli, but I, for some reason my brain, I saw the oou was like we G board Anyway, anyone in country that grows Lou Weebly fruit. I was watching our Spotify rep and we have been viewed in 165 countries, I think it was. Someone's gotta have access to some of that. There's a good chance one of those as an ly ly woe Weebly To cover all the base Or pein ker dick, what was it called?


Penadine. Penadine and Ian are both in the ULI print. They're from that plant. Both of those apparently are promising. I didn't even, I gotta buy some Penadine. Yeah, Apparently this is one, one great fruit. We need to get those seeds. Nobody go to that website and buy seeds. So Mark gets some Shit. He just crashed. Rare palm seeds.com. Everyone was just like, oh, all good. Let's go see if Wibbley seeds are in stock for Mark And people could see the ab pepper pepper beautiful outta stock. Do you Have the ab pepper, pepper fruit? So that's what's wrong with video games. Hey, we got to the bottom of it. Everybody. Not enough sweet protein. Not enough good sugary proteins in video games Need more studio Ghibli fruit You gotta go to.


Where is this fruit located? West African country Of West African First isolated by the University of Wisconsin. So apparently Wisconsin's down in West Africa taking all the Uli Go Badgers. Actually no fuck them. Oh Boo pager what? Football, basketball or something? Yeah, they stole ucs coach. Oh right, okay. Anytime someone POEs our coach, I root for nothing but the worst for them and they're having a really bad season. So I feel vindicated like Brian Kelly. I'll never root for that man again after he left us. You Gotta really be a roach to go for the coach poach. They never works out either. People leave uc after, after having great years and they collapse elsewhere. They go even though Brian Kelly had a pretty good in your Notre Dame, but like never won a championship, could it? With us? Definitely wouldn't have. We Made the, we we're the only non-conference to make the playoff And it was only four teams anyway.


No one watching cares about my sports knowledge. I care. No, no one cares. Okay, Mark, you're slightly making up for that lost point from using our viewers for products again. Yeah, you're right. But If it works, I mean, hey, what's the point when you get what you want? I'll split that kilo three ways with you guys. Yeah, listen, mark, if you get, if you get some seeds smuggled in to the country here, I will, I will go in on you with you on a grow house here. We'll get to, we'll get to get that set up. That's what's wrong with the government man. They're sitting on all of our ly seeds using 'em for themselves. All right, man. Government. All right. Anyway, anything else about video games y'all wanna talk about?


We can just wrap this one up. I mean, we got some pretty good stuff in here. Is it relevant at all that, I know the bid is that we're getting older, but I think we're starting to actually age out of the market that they really target those video games at. In terms of like product stuff. Are we just too old to like all the new things that are coming out? Is that the problem? Because I, I feel like we're, we're, we're like maybe on the fringe of it, maybe we're not out of it, but I feel like 18 to 34 is the age range that I, I would imagine they're really trying to get involved and engaged with the gaming stuff. The average age of a video gamer is apparently 35. So apparently it's right at where we're at. Oh, okay. Maybe that's not it. I imagine the, the age range is going up because it's not like people who played games, gaming habits are, well they're probably less because they have more responsibilities than other things to do, but they still love it and they have more money now.


So, well usually when you, when you're growing older, you're usually earning a bit more so you have more disposable income. That's in an ideal world, in the world that we live in, a little bit different, but you know, so they probably are still targeting us. We, we matter, we, we matter. I don't know what this is, I don't know who gathered this data or how accurate it is, but the Government, sorry, according To this, in 2021, the age distribution of us gamers us only 20% were under the age of 18. 38% were between 18 and 34, 14%, 35 to 44, 12 45 to 54, 9 55 to 64, 7 65 years and older. I'm not a big math guy, but there's just no chance that that breakdown gives you an average age of 35 years old for the average video gamer.


Yeah, maybe they went with median for the average. I don't know. I do think our, our generation, 'cause we're kind of in the millennials, we are still like one of the bigger generations in terms of gross number of people. So maybe we, that's why we're still prominent in terms of the age, but yeah, that's skewed much younger than the average being 35, 50 8% or 34 or younger. But maybe they're on the higher end of like the 18 to 34 and therefore the other 42 adds up the like, I don't know, like I said, I'm not a big math guy, so I, I guess like 80 years old also bumps up the range rather for like, you know, zero to 35, 80 is a bit higher on the end than zero is from 35. Maybe that fucks it with it a little bit.


I don't know all those a hundred year old gamers out there. Who knows. I'm not even saying that's a problem. I was just asking a question. That Was a good question. I I I had to look it up. 'cause I mean it's, it's possible we're not the ones being marketed to. Eventually that's gonna be the case eventually we're gonna be the old people yelling at clouds and everything is gonna be made for people much younger than us, but maybe we're not there yet. Maybe we're still relevant. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good idea there Sonny. Yeah. Well let's wrap all this one up then. I think good show, good hijacking, good small talk. Is this the same episode that we talked about underwear and socks in? Yep. Man, what a journey We have been. My episodes are always so focused and just, you know, on the money Never wander, but this is a show called Distractible, so You're really not living up to the name man.


You gotta, you gotta unfocus you gotta lock out. You need to leave us some room to explore here and give us some space. Hey, I'm just here dude, mark, for no particular reason. I'm gonna read your points first. I've, I've lost all hope. You've got points for bold underwear, opinion open AI killer robots. Segue story first game. Second is wrong. Gamers themselves, trend-based gaming. I put the whole like money pre-orders, legendary edition, all that stuff. I put all that as a point. Crazy question mark bought a kilo and you lost the point for using our viewers. Again, I got four points, My god, I'm gonna lose to Wade Two that are just points and then kicking it like legends.


Bob, you got points for warm pube, which I don't think is their parts. Warm parts. Ah, warm pube works Normal dick mocking mark socks, call of duty business. However, copy Fortnite too complicated tech disparity. We aren't the target anymore. And I dunno if I said peon, but peon Bob, you got Just give it to him straight man. Tell him his loss is Nine points. Oh, that's not a good number. That's too low. Mark. Oh boy. You had 11 minus one, so you ends up with 10. Oh, Finally. I mean, finally you just hosted an episode. I know, But I'm like, Thanos getting the affinity.


You know how he did you Remember that? I'm like the Hulk when he tries to use the gauntlet and I'm all Yeah, and then it fail and then I eat tacos and I have tacos. Yeah, That's true. Hey, I came in third today. That's not bad For you. That's great. Yeah. Wait, what? Loser Speech. Oh, that's me. If I get some good sock recommendations outta this, it was worth losing. And if anyone hooks us up with the boo fruit, what is it called? Ly wey. We believe Fruits seeds. That would be doubly worth it. 'cause I, I, I need to, I, you know what, I need to try, try some bra I need to see for myself. I should have just nixed the whole video game thing and turned this into our Christmas wishlist from our viewers.


Anyone has any phone case recommendations you think are out there? Toss those out too. But we, we, we've covered that. I Is it the new phone? Did you get the new one? No, I have an iPhone 15 pro. It's not the new, new one. I thought you liked your Case for that One. I have eight cases currently for this phone. I thought you finally found one you really liked. I keep finding ones I really like. I've, I'm on the second case I ever bought for this phone. Right now I'm ba I'm running back through the rotation, but I I it's, it's an addiction and I can't stop and I will buy more if you tell me to buy them. Put it in the, put it in the sub. Okay. I lose mark's turn. I look forward to the moment that someone tells me that Uli fruit is going to make my spleen and testicles explode. But it will taste incredibly sweet before then and I am willing to take that sacrifice and risk it all for the sake of a sweet protein.


I looked up the amino acid profile has everything except for tryptophan and odine, which sounds like a fake amino episode. Did you five D chess us? Have you been five D chesting us for a while now? You just offered to have your testicles explode your arm fault. We just did an episode where we replaced all of your fucking body parts and now you're like, oh, this might take my body parts. Oh no. Yep. Anyway, it's got everything except three ine and tryptophan and who needs those anyway, so really cool protein almost complete, almost complete. Just like me. I'm Wade. That's Mark. That's Bob. It's been a fun episode. I hope you all learned something about something today. Find Bob some socks phone case and find them both.


Some uli uli ly ly, whatever it's called. Take in for the next one. Mark will host and probably ask you all for some more stuff. Until then, podcast out editors play us out. I don't think they usually include stuff that happens after, after the host says podcast Out. I never watched this far, so I don't know. This might not ever make it. This might just be us. Merry Christmas. Happy Hanukkah. Happy New Year. Happy Kwanza. Happy other holidays. Wow.