
This episode is brought to you by Coca-Cola creations. You love the taste of Coca-Cola and love the cookie crunch of Oreos. But what happens when the best drink and the best cookie in the world get together? The best becomes besties? Try the new Coca-Cola zero sugar Oreo limited edition besties for a limited time. Taste it while it lasts. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company copyright 2024 Mondelez International Group.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible this episode Blues Cos Bob someone shit for Wade complains about teeth and plays muse to his mates. Welly Wade watches bench trees get blown. His romantic man becomes slug Stalin Magician Mark returns to his kingdom, gets buggered by APCOs, then witnesses wabbits and sperm slaughter from fecal feasts Hidden Distractible. History has it's time for What, Song Do You See. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome back to what I can Only assume is your favorite thing in the entire world. And by that definition also your favorite podcast. This is Distractible. I am your host for today. My name is Bob. I'm the host because I won the last one. I'm joined by my two co-hosts slash competitors. Mark and Wade. Woo. Oh editors put a raucous crowd behind me not not behind me. Like, like just cheering and Then blow mark up. No. Ah, classic. I don't know why. The only thing I can think of is my background is that guy from SpongeBob saying how many times we gotta teach you this lesson. Old man. But You know that but you don't know the chocolate guy from SpongeBob.


Oh yeah. Okay. You ever feel Distractible before the host comes up with some kind of topic? There are points that are given out that matter a little. Not that much. They don't mean anything. They're arbitrary and then someone wins. Whoever wins, host the next one. That's the whole thing. And before we get into that part, which I'm excited 'cause I feel like I have a good one today, which means it's probably gonna be a complete dumpster fire and absolute piece of shit. 'cause that's how it always goes. We do small talk. It's gone. Guys, I'm back home. Yeah, that looks like a familiar place. Yes. It's not a green screen. Don't look I I can touch it. Go Walk through that door mark. Oh yeah. Wearing a green shirt. Using a green screen.


That's so brave of you. Marks Scoo. We can too. What the fuck was that? You have, you have Blues Clues fans. It's been a very long time. Like a very long time. That's fair. If you were still actively watching Blues Clues I guess today that would be be weird. Is it weird? Nah Man. Blues clothes was a great time. That's back when Steve wasn't played by Jack Black. Damn. I like Jack Black. I just know people are like, the same thing happened with like Chris Pratt. It's like the same actor gets a bunch of roles. Everyone's like, oh this guy again. Granted, I guess he is supposed to be playing like a younger, younger man Who Wait, who is, what are you? Jack Black is playing Steve in the Minecraft movie.


Yeah, I know that. I know that. But is Steve a younger man? Is that canonically? Is there lore behind who Steve is? I don't know man. But apparently there's been like a lot of like people that are, is at least a vocal minority that are like Steve should be young. Yeah. So that's probably fair. Doesn't He have a beard though In the game? I don't like a, he has like a who man who he has like a bottom chin beard thing. I've not seen Steve in so long 'cause I have my own skin Anyway. How you doing Wade? Hey the, the Bengals won huh? Right. That's gotta be good for you Man. The offense the last few weeks really starting to click the defense.


So there was a hurricane UNH news. God dang. No it's been pretty bad. I know a lot of people, hopefully by the time this comes out people are in a better shape. But man living all the way up in Ohio and having it hit, I don't know what it was like for you Bob. I'm just to hear what it was like for you guys. But the wind was pretty scary Here we have some tall trees and watching them go from like this direction, I'm holding my hands horizontally to vertically to horizontally. The other direction was kind of wild. And we had a tree, it didn't even break. Just somehow the wind gusted so hard that the root system was taken out of the ground and the dirt came up and the roots came up and the tree landed.


I mean the tip of one of the branches was like a few inches from our door. And that's like where Molly's office and our bedroom and stuff are. So it was like we were within like two feet of having some, I thought you were Gonna say that's where we go in and outta the house up. That's where we leave. That's how we get out for the dogs. Well really that is how we take the dogs out. So we had to start going through the garage, let the dogs go out. But they, we, we got someone out to help take care of it pretty quickly. Luckily they're like, we might not be able to be there quickly if there's like an emergency and we're like, that's fine. Take care of emergencies first. And they still showed up the next day. So I'm guessing that hopefully that means there wasn't too much bad stuff around. I don't know. I up here is not bad. I can't believe what's happening in eastern Tennessee, north Carolina's.


It's very bad there. You see the road that's just like gone now I 40, Did you see the actual whole town that's gone? No, I did not see that. If you look at a picture, there's a, there's a little town where it's like if you, there's a picture of the main dragon. There's like stuff on both sides of the road and there's a new picture of it. The road is all just like exploded into chunks and there are no buildings. I can't believe how bad that was for that part of the country. Yeah, that's not Asheville. But what have you seen the flooding pictures of Asheville? That's very strange because we just drove through that on the way back. You know, we were going around the country after, you know, the last sprint of the movie and we were through that town and we were, we weren't staying there, but we were staying near there. But I'd never been to Asheville before and then suddenly it's underwater.


And I'm like, isn't this up in the mountains? And, it, it makes sense as to what happened. 'cause I think there was a dam nearby or or something like that. There were like several dams that failed and or partially disintegrated or I don't know, dam failure. It's, It's one of those things where, you know, one dam up, up higher if it fails, all of a sudden that dam's amount of water hits this other dam And. it was never meant for that And. it just, yeah, it can cascade like that. I think that's what happened anyway. Yeah, I've not seen all of that but it's been, it was crazy here and here. It was nothing like, it was like down there. It was really Not that bad for us here. But we're, we're in a pretty good spot for wind. Our neighborhood is kind of on a hill and we are not at the bottom or the top.


So we're kind of insulated on Friday. We're seeing in the family room hanging out. My parents actually came to town for the weekend and we were hanging out and like it was really windy and we saw across the street our neighbor had just got a trampoline and we literally saw the trampoline do that thing they do in like videos online where it just went woo way up high and then landed upside down in the next neighbor's yard over. And so we were like, it was windy and we were kinda like, wow. And then that happened and we were like, holy fuck. Oh I should take the chairs in off the porch or something. Yeah, Watching trees bend the way they did and like there was constant cracking, just limbs and stuff coming down all the time. No, You have, you have like tall old trees around your house. I, I grew up, the house I grew up in is near a, a wooded area.


That's a lot like where you are. It's crazy when that happens. I remember that, that hurricane that blew up into Ohio and like knocked power power out when we were in like college ish times. Yeah like 2011 or something. I forget what hurricane it was. I was at home at my parents' house when that happened. And those trees literally like you're saying, it's like freaky how bendy they are. Can't imagine what everyone else where actually bad stuff happened. Yeah, I was Gonna say we had it like relatively mild too And I mean I'm glad the tree didn't hit your house that you know what, that's worth a point. No house tree point With all the house stuff we have going on at all times. It was nice to dodge one for Once. Now that you've said that definitely shit bubbling up somewhere in your house. That noise in the hallway happened just now.


And I was like, my god, you're right. Just from out of your keyboard, just go. It doesn't even make sense. How are you doing Mark? Good. Back to YouTube. There's a plan in place. Big old plan that I was talking about for Yeah, good edge of sleep. You know, October 18th that's happening. That's my Birthday. Thanks. Oh Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, You're welcome. Glad just for you. I love when you guys remember each other's birthdays. There's probably other things that I, i I, I could remember but I won't, I refuse to tactically. I just like the image of you trapped in a un-air conditioned warehouse with no other humans around by yourself for extended periods doing whatever you were doing in there.


That Was what it was. And what's funny is like, 'cause you texted me the other day with the assumption that I I I told you like crowds were weird to see again. You were like, oh you just Phil Phil and at first I didn't get what you were saying and then I was like, oh Phil. And then I realized like you didn't realize I was completely alone. No, yeah. I thought you at least had like Phil there or like a person or a couple people. It was literally just you, huh? Yeah, it just so happened that when we were recording Eric Phil's friend was by to, to feeding water the bugs. And so yeah, that was just a coincidence every other time it was just me alone in that warehouse going slowly insane. This is a throwback that probably most people won't get. I don't even know if you two will get, you remember the show lost? I did. I've never seen it, but sure.


Okay. Well I think, I think the character's name was Desmond basically he lived in a bunker and he woke up every day, had to go press a button to stop like the island from blowing up. And that was his life. He lived in this locked bunker and all he did was get up, make sure this button was pressed. He was completely alone. He would like have his coffee, press the button, sit around, press the button, go to bed. I imagine that's what Mark's life was like. Yeah. You were just pressing one button. Right. And then nothing, You're god damn. Right. So there, there's something about being alone and working, working on something is great. 'cause there was this one time though, I, I wish to all hell I could just press one button, which was the record button. 'cause I was getting some, some inserts and stuff and pickup chests, things that tie a lot of things together and you know, other things that I, I can't talk about but Inserts to be taller.


Well actually, if my limbs were longer, maybe I could have reached it, but I was, 'cause I, I have to do everything myself. So I'm sitting there, I have, I have a lob that's like behind my back, under my shirt stuck up here. I had a boom arm here to capture and then I was like sitting and there's, there's, there's some movie magic occurring off to my left that is very delicate and I can't touch. And it's held up by Sticks Glue and hope and it's just floating there. And I sit there and I'm like, All, right? It's all good. And I look over to my right and I realize the camera is like just far enough away that I can't reach it and I'm, I'm tied in with all these wires.


'cause the window of which of with which the movie magic is occurring is like so narrow that I, if I move everything is pushed in around just off screen to the camera. And so I get up and I'm like, I hope the worst doesn't happen. Worst happened. All the movie magic to my left just started collapsing. Just ugh God Why didn't you use a selfie stick? Is' not that they used for movie magic selfie sticks. Well that's when I, I, okay so this is another thing. So red, right, they have this app to control the camera, right? And you can record from that app, right? Well I looked on the app store of the iPad 'cause I was oh maybe I can monitor it at the same time at the same time.


And there was a $500 app. The app is $500 Or just an app that like connects to the thing over wifi or something. Yeah. So you can monitor it, it connects to the camera's own wifi, stuff like that. And so I had not paid for that until that moment of that all occurred. 'cause I'm like, God, it would've been worth it just because like this saved me the oldest setup. It's gonna take me an hour to set all this back up and it'll be useful in the future. Paid for it, opened it and then I was like, okay cool. I don't wanna be able set on my iPad. Maybe I can download it on my iPhone instead as well. I bought it. so I was like it could work. There's a free app on the iPhone. Oh no. Insert that meme of that monkey and and Plan off the Apes.


Oh no. Oh no. Yeah. And so it's like it has less functionality but one of the functions of it is you could press the record button, which is all I needed. Although it was very Useful to be able to see what the care was seeing from a distance that did prove useful. But through 500 bucks for an app is a total order. That might be the most expensive app I've ever paid for. That's harsh. Well, and I'm sure some people out there are shitting their pants hearing that. But I, from an outsider's perspective who mostly learns about this through Mark, I can tell you out there, you would not want to hear how expensive some of this shit is that Mark has probably had to buy or rent to make this movie happen. Holy fuck is movie making shit expensive? It's unbelievable.


That's not even inexpensive purchase in the world of film. That's probably, I can imagine you said if you saw the 500 bucks and part of you was like, oh God. And the other part of you was like, Compared to a a, a dedicated system that like plugs into your camera feeds video to another device that plugs into a monitor that can cost like 2000 easily. so I, I, if you have an iPad already and it's like there it make sense and you get more control. But honestly it was just like, oh man, That's a kick in the teeth though. But it's still fun. It's a fun challenge. I I did enjoy it a lot but you know, less when I had to do things like that, you know, Can you just run outside and been like, help filming, help me.


Yeah. The last thing I want to call out to is hell Strangers of this neighborhood. I have lots of expensive stuff in here. You wanna see my secrets? Sign this NDA and enter my home. You criminal, you respect NDAs, right? Yes. You're not in the same spot. I was gonna say you could get that person whose dog you tried to steal, but I doubt you're in the same spot. I'm the criminal there. Yeah. I'm trying to think if if there's something else that happened to me. But mainly the thing is James, James sleeps by himself this week. I don't know if it's gonna last but oh my God. We're making progress on the sleep training. And. It's a miracle. He's so big now.


He is like so human and runs around and stuff. Whenever you guys came over to watch the football game it was wild. No, he's a menace. He's, he's smart enough now to really cause problems and really do some dangerous shit and he loves it. He's getting, he's good though. His speech is developed. He's suing three word sentences now. He's working on more. He Was sweet. It was really awesome having him and Milo over. It's it's wild seeing like the progressions of baby. Yeah, Milo. Milo compared to James was a crazy, crazy reminder of how far he's come. Yeah, because Milo, for anyone doesn't know Milo is Patrick static's child and is six months younger than James. I think. Not not that far apart but also basically two entirely different creatures because the development in that time is crazy.


The First few years, six months is a long time. It's true. It's still like over a quarter of his life and it's a third of Milo's life I guess. So. That's a lot. I was like man, oh man, I don't know how y'all can keep up. 'cause he's fast too. Yeah, he's very fast. You know when he is real fast, when he sees the ocean. I think I talked about this, but man is he fast when he decides he's going into the ocean. Oh, I turned 35 soon this month on the same day that the edge of sleep comes out. That's my 35th birthday. Oh, congratulations. You'll love it. And it's my best year. I don't know so far I I haven't been 35 that Long. That might be true. Yeah, no I believe that would crazy. It Could be, wait, what's wrong? Another lost reference. We gotta go back. You got The, you got the 30 5-year-old twitches going on Dude, I don't know, 35 is the age.


I don't know what happened to me, but it's the age where everyone thinks I'm a lot older than I am. Like I always looked a little bit older, but this is the year where I go to get like my hair cut or I go to do this or do that and everyone's like, oh yeah, well I'm only 40, I'm not even close to where you're at yet. And it's like, I'm 35 Man, that's so rude. Oh they look at you. Holy shit. Fuck. Thank fuck I'm 50. Oh my god You're, you're walking up some stairs and someone is like, oh god sir, hold the handrail here, take my arm, Your hips. You're not wearing your life alert. This could be dangerous. Someone called the museum a mommy escaped. Are you guys aware of the band alkaline trio They formed in 1996. I'm familiar with them. Yes.


So we went to an alkaline trio concert the other day. It, they've been around a while. So they don't have like the youngest audience. Right. They're a little bit older. They're close to our age. I went there and I swear to you I did not see anyone at that concert who looked older than me and I'm not old. That's an interesting milestone though. Oldest man at concert. You know, This is what, this is what we gotta do. This is like a challenge. We need to figure out a way to make you look younger. Like how could we age max? You, how could we just Die? Just some die in the period. Oh I thought you said death. Die as in death. I'm like wait, hold On, kill me. Lemme also say at the ripe young age of 35, standing on concrete for four hours.


Not as easy as I thought it would be. Okay grandpa Get a standing desk. Back in my day they had chairs at concerts. People coming up to you at the concert asking if your daughter's having a good Time. I Was, I was there with my niece. Oh that's not gonna help. That's not even your fault. That just makes it way harder. Mark's right though. Standing desks are great. I'm sitting at one right now. Me too. That's true. He's had a standing desk. Oh right. I forgot. I've never once used the standing feature. You Gotta use it. It's so good. Once you get used to it, you just need like to tough it out for a month and then it's totally fine. Yeah. And then you get so much more, you know, strength in your core. If you said tough out for a day, I'd be like, Ooh, one tough day.


That's tough man. I don't know if I can, I dunno. There was a, there was some dude who did a challenge. He like for a whole month he, he did nothing but standing, not just at a desk, but he tried to stand every single moment except for sleeping and driving and he was in, he was much healthier at the end of that. Turns out we humans as being upright, two-legged creatures are supposed to be on our two feet a lot more. God Gave me an ass for a reason man. I'm gonna use it. Well that's the ass is for the reason of standing. Yeah, for sitting on. Right. Got it. No, no. Anyway. Anyone got any more small talk? Is that all? Everything we good? No, No. Unless you want to hear about my appreciation for good tripods, which I have now.


I'm a hundred percent sure that at least someone out there, some number of listeners was just like, oh. But I sincerely do wanna hear about your love and appreciation of good tripods because I've never spent the amount of money to get a real one. But even the distinction between like a crap crap one and a less crap one I do Appreciate. so I, I went to a a camera store when I got there because I didn't bring my tripod because it's big and heavy and you know, bulky. And I was just flying and I didn't think I'd be there that long. so I, I'm like, okay, I'll need a tripod. so I go to a camera store and it's just a photo camera store. So they got tripods of varying qualities and there was a good one that was like 2 50, 2 50 that they had a good photo tripod.


They were like, it's got a fluid drag head. You know, it's got a adjustable, you know, tension. It's, it can angle up and down all times. And it is like, but it's, it's one of those where it's like you have to, you have to like each section of the legs, you have to extend one at a time. You gotta twist and lock and stuff like that. And the, the tripod I have at home is not even the top end one, but it's called a one touch tripod, which means that the only control that make it taller is at the top. You one button And, it can go all the way up and down. That's Kind of crazy. This is great. It also has a real fluid drag head, which is like these, these photo cameras that say as the fluid drag head means that you twist the knob And. it will be some sort of tense sir when you're moving it and pushing it.


But most the time it just goes as you're trying to adjust it. Not good for movies, you know, and then it, but the good tripods go like a thousand, $2,000 and you're like, it's just three sticks that holds up my camera. Now when you got one with like a buttery smooth, absolutely finely adjustable fluid drag system with like one touchup and down the amount of times I was moving this camera going and it's like 20 pounds of camera and you have to, you have to get it all the way up and all the way down. Moving, changing and, and doing these nice smooth motions and just trusting it to hold your camera, which is like an unbelievable amount of money on three sticks. You want three really good sticks. so I had an appreciation for I missed my tripod so much, I missed it so much.


God I missed it. Anyway. Good. Tripods. They actually are worth the money. I I have like the el gato desk camera mount, it like latches onto your desk and it's fine. But like I had a nicer, I think tripod than this thing is before that I used my camera on. Well it's nice not to have the legs in my way anymore. I I'm, I understand whenever you have to make an adjustment and like it's either like, okay, just nope I need to tilt it slightly. No and then you go to lock it and it's like, oh I didn't lock it quite a nerve. Yeah, that's, that's the worst part. You go All, right? It's perfect lock, tilt it back up lock. It's like stay where you, I put you, you have to predict where it's going to droop to you go a little up And it goes.


Or you go up And it goes, I'm good now. I ain't gonna move. You Finally get at the right droop and then it goes like fucking diagonally for some reason. It's like ha ha. Yeah. Oh man, I, everything is some like rotating mechanisms will have like teeth where when you lock it down it's like teeth that lock together. I don't know if that'll work like that. I, but one of the ones I have the teeth are fucked and sometimes it's like you said it'll droop and so you have to like account for the droop but sometimes you lock it and then you unscrew it but the teeth don't come apart and so the whole thing is just stuck and you have to like, yeah and then it just like it breaks free and your whole, it's, it's awesome. I'm sure expensive. Nice tripods don't do that.


No they don't. They really don't. This Has got to be so relatable for us. Yeah, I Know everyone out there is absolutely enthralled right now. You're welcome. It's A real thing for us. Okay. Everyone can appreciate, I think that there are good tools for the job. There are decent tools that get the job done and then there are really good tools that you need for precision. And then there are tools that you buy at Target because you're like, ah, I just need it for this one thing. And then you get home and you're like man I should have bought a real tool. Fuck Yeah. You waste money buying the cheap thing when you should have just paid more for something and it'll last longer. That's the, that's the even different thing is like you, you spend more on a really good one most of the time it'll last years maybe even longer than you will.


Lots of stuff lasts longer than I will. Good episode Bob. Yep. That's It. I do have one more thing to tell you about. Oh okay. It's me being very stupid. Right. Well that's always funny for us All. right? So there's this lidar thing that can help you auto-focus any camera you attach to a camera, you calibrate it, it can move the lens on it own. It has a lidar And, it shows a distance. Right. I brought that with me when I went out there. I did not open it and start to set it up until three weeks into the process because I was like, ah man, I don't wanna waste a few hours setting this up. I'll probably be done and be heading home. I don't wanna lose half a day getting this thing working three weeks in.


I had it set up in an hour and a half. It worked perfectly first time. And this never happens when you set up something new that you've never used before. No, That doesn't sound like a sort of thing that would be plug and play Like that. It worked perfectly and there were so many times, like I said, when the camera was like 10 feet away, I, I set focus and I was like, I hope I'm in focus. And lemme tell you, I looked at some shots afterwards. I wasn't, I wasn't at all. I wasn't even close. You just enhance that in post, right? That'll be fine. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Just put the focus tool. Yeah, yeah. Sharpen it. Just crank the sharpness. So yeah, three weeks later when I only had a couple days before I was heading home, discovered that it worked perfectly.


I think I used it for two days. It's so good. I'm actually extremely impressed by that tech. It has come a long way 'cause there were previous iterations of it did not work as good. This was the latest one, And. it works really, really well. Well that Sounds like it would've been really nice to have. Yeah. What, what a minute. All. right. I'm gonna start talking and if anyone has any more small talk, you just shut up. Wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm just kidding. We, we, we, I'm not gonna say that we're gonna talk about synesthesia but it's definitely inspired by that. And if you don't know what synesthesia is, it is one example of that would be like people who hear music, hear sounds and they associate colors with it.


Like they see a color or that sounds like this color to me, whatever. But there's a lot of different like types of anesthesia. But that, that specific thing, I was just thinking about it and I think it's really fascinating and I have some music, it is royalty free music. But I think it's interesting, I went through and I picked these out on purpose. so I hope they're interesting. We can talk about if the songs elicit anything specifically like color, is it an animal, whatever, like is this something to you? But what I really wanna do is kind of play like an improv game with it and I wanna play the snippet of song for you and then I want you to improvise the story that you think goes with that soundtrack. A story, any story.


And they're not long. Like the longest hopefully we're gonna listen to is like a minute of music. But there you'll get the vibe of it and if you want to hear it again we can play it again. But, and then we'll just decide who's is i'll. I'll decide I guess whose fits better? I don't really have any elaborate ground rules for this. I just think it's interesting because for me we've talked about how I'm high of a Fantasia and I do think that's true. But music is something for me that elicits very vivid things. Not like imagery in my head, but very strong connections. Either it's something that I can imagine happening to the music or it's some emotion or color kind of like more like vibe. But I'm curious, we all like music here. We don't all listen to it all the time, but we like music.


I'm curious what you guys will think and how our different versions of this will compare. I'm just gonna play the first one and then we'll sort of just dip our toes into this and see how it goes. And you should be able to hear this is what I tested earlier. Okay, there you go. I think I got brain run. I dunno. I did, I'll say I did try and go very like different with all the music. so I, some of these I don't like, but I picked it because it was unique and very diff different from everything else that was on the list already.


So I'll, I'll Go first just because my, my imagination was just so stupid. It's like I didn't imagine anything vivid. What I imagined was someone had made like a, a hyper involved edit of a rabbit chewing on some grass And. it was just like a bunch of different, like overlays it effect zoom in on the, on the fucking face. They're color's like rainbow shifting out there And. it was about to go nuts. Like it was like the beat was gonna drop And, it was gonna, Oh yeah. Do you want hear the drop for your bunny film? There you go. Yep. Yeah. Okay. The bunny is chewing like not very quickly or anything, right?


No, yeah, it's, it pretty much to the be it's like to the beat but slightly Slower than the beat. But the editor's trying to make it work. Oh, okay. Interesting. Wade, what do you got for me? Where did your mind go? I Was in a rom calm guy. Okay. The, the guy and the girl are finally going to the dance together and like he goes to pick her up and then like they go to the club and like all of a sudden the disco ball's going and they start dancing together. This is like the big scene right before the first big conflict where they're, you think everything's awesome and they're finally getting together and then some. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. This is like the All, right? The date's finally happening. They go to the dance, everything's going great right before Yeah.


Some, some horrible thing happens. It caused them to split up until they finally get back together in the end. Or a rabbit. I didn't go to the rabbit when he said that. I was like, you know, for what we do for a living, that's where my brain should have gone. I Don't know why my brain, it that's like so many levels deep of like it's not a thing, it's an edit of a thing and a boring thing. No, that's exactly What I was hoping for though because it music does that, it doesn't just conjure up like, oh this sounds like a chaa. It's like it cuts the whole scene of whatever is happening and the context of it. The, the hyper edit is just perfect. I don't watch enough of these types of videos. I don't watch brain rot.


I'm in trouble. I don't have you. It's just, it's not, it's all different. It's not, don't worry. Have you guys seen megalopolis? Probably not. But have you seen Anything? No. But there are some people that are going to go see it. I don't think I have time to but 'cause it's like three and a half hours. Have you seen the memes from it? Because there's one specific scene that lists living in my head rent for right now and I literally am restraining myself from constantly using it. It's the one where the girl is like entitled and Adam driver just goes, yes, yes, yes. You wanna go out to the club. It's fucking unhinged. And like it doesn't, the character doesn't make any sense. 'cause as far as I can tell, his character's not like that in any of the rest of the movie.


And I can't stop every time you guys say anything in my head, I'm like, yeah. So if I say that, I'm really sorry, but also I can't fucking wait to see that horrible movie. I don't know if it's bad, but it's getting really bad. I I hear it's, it might be one of the worst least cohesive movies ever made, but also something you can laugh at. Hopefully. I don't know. Yeah. Anyway, next song, All. right? I don't wanna hear that guy sing. That's fine. But that's the vibe of the song. You can go first this time Wayne. Okay.


I don't know why this is where my brain went, but we're starting off right And it's like a country setting. A guy's pulling up like his blue jeans and his cowboy boots and he grabs a pie and just pies the first woman he walks up to and it's a pie to the face thing. I dunno why, but it's just like country boy. It's like, oh, where's this going? He is walking up to the pretty girl and his fucking pies are in the face. That's, that's not where I thought that was gonna go. I'm gonna be honest. I Don't know. It's what I pictured. Okay. Okay. What do you got, mark? Well, mine, mine's cliche and boring. The, the country threw me off there.


I, 'cause I was, it was straight like eighties movie music. Right? so I was just like, thinking of that cliche thing in either romcom or something where the, the, the kid's fixing up his shitty car. Mm. And trying to like hope to impress the girl. And it's just a montage of him like, ah, messing up, getting oil on himself. Like oh it is never gonna work. And then he hits it And it starts, you know, but that's so cliche. Where'd the pies come from? I don't know man. I was watching your face and I saw the moment when the pies happened 'cause you were all Mm mm Oh, I was just picturing, I was like, okay, there's like, for some reason it's a guy like a cowboy outfit.


He is walking over. There's the pretty girl. Oh, why'd he do that? I don't know if it's more correct, but I feel obligated to give you pie points. Pie points You get, you get a country pie 0.3 0.14 pies. But Mark also gets an eighties montage point. Keep it weird. This one, this one I think if I remember how it sounds, will help with the weirdness. Great.


I decided I can fade fader those out now to make it more pleasant of a cutoff for you. I, I guess Mark to go first on this one. Yeah, I, I, that was straight up Charlie Chaplin just in my head, specifically in my head, carrying a bundle of balloons as he was walking down like the streets of the swim city and then everything was just like collapsing behind him. But I can't tell if there's a cohesive story there. I think that's just a montage of all of Charlie Chaplin's like stunts where he had things going on behind him. Seems like a silent movie kind of thing. Just because you can't capture the sounds of all those calamities happening. But he's just, you know, he is riding down the street with his balloons. I could, he used a couple more like honks and no, I, I I can see that. What do you got Wade?


You look weird. Okay man, here's the, here's the setup. Snails are bourgeois and slugs are the middle class normal folk like us. And they've been having this feud all movie and the, the slugs just want to perform, right? They've got this marching band but they've just never quite been up to snuff. So finally this song is them coming over the horizon as the sun rises like SpongeBob style art and like the first snail opens up their window and looks out the shutters as the slug marching band comes down. And then as they reach the town, the real music picks up. All the snails are opening their windows upset. But they can't even be mad because the slugs are performing so well.


A vivid, vivid man that was vivid. You jealous. are you Jealous Mr. Can't imagine things I could not have imagined that even if I was fan tasic, just Glad the bourg boss sails can appreciate this. That's when they realized they're all just slimy creatures on the inside. I Really had to thank Mark for the rabbits in the first round 'cause it caught my brain just going in the weirdest fucking places. Apparently All right? I'm gonna set my brain up for a weird, I'm ready. Come back to us man. It's a tough battle. But now all I can see is bourgeois nails. Sorry Mark. I I I'm with you on the Charlie Chaplain. Apparently not that much. Look, don't apologize here. I just wait till I, you hear what's in my brain next.


Alright, I'm gonna, this is gonna be kind of a needle drop. I'm gonna fade this one in at I think the point. This one right here. Let me see. All, right, there we go. I'm first this time? Yes. Okay. We're in a kitchen and every kitchen appliance that makes something that spins or blends, it starts off and you're just watching like something like kind of satisfying as like something spreads out across the pan, but as it keeps going it gets faster and faster and shit just starts flying out and ripping and flying and making a messy kitchen.


Okay, I don't wanna say Oh yeah, say it. That's the game. That's the game. So it Was like, it was like a dire, it was kind of a tense music and I just imagined like a sperm cell just, just swimming and all of the other sperm cells were like being destroyed or caught. And. it is like just this one just destroying of dangers. All the others Like a top gun plane fight. But with sperm It just, it just seemed like, you know, because it was like a slow beat so it couldn't be something super fast but there was still danger. so I, I, this is way, this is your fault.


Hey man. Welcome. I thought food. You thought sperm All, right Mark, it's a danger sperm point. This is what I thought was gonna happen and I love this for us. Next one. Marcos first. Here we go. Wait, don't think a sperm, don't think a sperm. This is Not good for the sperm but that's what's Happening. Okay, I'm sorry Wade. I guess Mark gets to go first on this one and I just have quite an idea in there.


It's A good, it's a continuation of the sperms where he looks around and like, where's the egg? Where's the egg? And he realizes that he's not, he's not anywhere near where he should be. We're Having a through thread now. Oh God, I don't know man. I just, I don't have anything on that. It's just Mickey Mouse on the back of a semi and like his Fantasia outfit having a dual with Donald Duck on another semi as they round a corner during a storm. God that's some dark Mickey, I dunno. The sperm had a face and he was just, he was one of those orbit cameras where he is like, Mark, don't think sperm.


Don't think sperm. I'm trying not to. Alright, well I you couldn't possibly think of sperm with this next one Mark. Way to go ahead ena me. Okay, We're starting off at like the gates of this really intricate looking kingdom and the gates open. You're going through slowly like approaching the castle, but as you're approaching the castle, like the intricate realism is slowly becoming a little bit more like animated and cartoony and then the final doors to the throne room open and it's just fucking cous cous.


Remember his new groove as that beat drop happens and he is just fucking dancing Cous c Cousco cousco The Poison boys of couscous, couscous, poison Crisco, whatever his name is. I was already going there and then that drop happened and I was like, oh, now he's not just being dramatic, now he's fucking dancing as the door's open. Alright, I think Mark, I tonally that kind of shifted back and forth like it, it was started really like almost sad and then it went a little bit more optimistic. And, it was doing this like needle up and down. so I, I imagine like the hero of whatever story kind of got a war type creto. So sending some stares either to And, it would mix between like being a, a boss, confrontation.


Like you know, someone that he's, he needs to fight and defeat to a chest because that's why I couldn't tell if it was like something where it's like, oh this is a devastating final confrontation to, to like, oh maybe this is like gonna be the thing that's gonna help him along his journey. And then the beep dropped and again, yeah, it just, it just went weird. Like it was just like all of a sudden they just start dancing. I don't know, Start dance. I like both of those. Can I just say that I immediately saw the sperm? I just imagined he burst into the chamber where the egg was and the opening, the opening bit, it was like him like beholding the egg but then looking around and there's still like sperm carnage happening and then the chase is when he's like, whoa, gotta go.


Like making, breaking for the egg again. I'm not gonna lie, at some point it flipped between retos and a sper Cell walking up. But I, I expunged that thought, pushed It out of my mind. My first thought was a sperm swimming to Atlantis, God damnit. And I was like dude, we gotta get away from the sperm. I'm gonna go somewhere else. What else can I picture? Atlantis is a good start. Let's picture Atlantis and that don't Reject the sperm boys. I don't remember what this next one sounds like, but there's no possible way this could incite sperm.


Is it me first? Yeah. So this had like a tropical kind of vibe to it. Just a little bit of it. so I thought this actually would work as like a scene in Dexter murderer Dexter, not Dexter's lab where he's cleaning up one of his kills and there's blood all over and it's like overly cheerful to clash with like the disturbing imagery of the blood and body parts that he's, he's gathering up and putting into bags so that he can dispose of. So just a montage again, a lot of these are montage songs for some reason I like that All right? Don't, How could this be about sperm? How All right. So picture a sperm, okay but in black and white and this sperm wants to be a performer. So it starts off and it's like one of those like high school talent shows where it comes out like on a unicycle and it's like do do like riding around some black and white and then like we cut to the next scene, it's doing a little bit more intricate like juggling on the unicycle and then now it's got a cigar And it mouth and it's doing like some light like trapeze acts and then like, I don't know, by the end it's just like full out like oh god, what's that performance thing called where everyone's like doing all those sweet fucking trapeze and stuff.


Like in Vegas Chi de sole. Yeah. Yeah. Sperm de soleil, you know, Cartoons and make jokes about a flea circus. You was like this is a sperm circus. I trained by sperm. It wasn't alone, it was alone at the high school talent show. There were others on stage with it as it went on. Right, Okay. It's it's the, the sperm school, is that what It is? Yes. Sperm central high talent show Mark obviously I was like please think of anything else And then the first thing I thought of was that fucker on a unicycle the Fucker on a unicycle motherfucker Piece of shit. Okay. I don't even have stuff to say. This is just fun. I don't know if this is gonna be fun for listeners or or watchers, but like I would do this as a pastime.


Is this, is this enjoyable for you guys? We're gonna keep doing it either way. I'm just curious. Is this enjoyable? I'm Enjoying it. Yeah, sure. Wish I could think of something other than sperm now, but yeah, it's Fun. I believe in you. This next one I think will get away from sperm once and for all.


Nothing's burned me about that. It's silky 'cause it's October. Who's first on this one? Wait is first. So First I've pictured like a lady going like down this like stone round staircase and she gets down there and she looks down one of the hallways and that's when the Starts to happen. And there's like a weird scary almost alien face at the end of the tunnel. And then she runs back up the stairs. But now she's like just lost in a maze, like a hedge maze. And the hedge maze opens up at one point and looking down the end of the hallway and she sees the weird alien face, but it's slightly less scary now. And then she like turns the corner and she's outta the maze. But now she's in like a train tunnel and then there's just like a kind of silly alien face at the end of the tunnel.


And then she turns her, I don't know, every time she comes back she goes, she's in a different like dark long hallway of some type. And the alien face has somehow gone from scary to like slightly less scary to, hmm the goofy. This sounds like you're projecting your personal experience of playing horror games onto this song. You played a lot of horror games and they usually involve settings like that, but as they played them they got less and less scary over time and more goofy. My god, this is therapy session Secret therapy. Gotcha. It's like a Yeah, these are Rorschach tests. You're schizophrenic by the way. Let's continue. So this was straight up a scene from Dune or like a teaser trailer for dune. It started off with like a very low to the ground shot on sand and you could see them like shimmering as they blew like a gust of wind picked up and then you saw a foot like step into frame and then it cut to a slight, still low beside shot of the, of the feet.


Moving forward it's like you see just like sand whip by and wisps of like their long cloak drifting in the wind and then it would cut behind the characters. They're moving forward slow motion, kind of just like slowly moving forward. The thing whipping, you see something out of focus like in front of them that they're walking towards and you can't quite tell but it you you, you see like jagged objects and then it would like smash super wide And. It's just this tiny figure walking towards a giant sand worm that's like just looming over. But he is walking towards it and at one point there it flipped to a sperm cell, a giant sperm cell. Not gonna lie, I, but I expunged it. But then it was like, it, it was just like that's where sand sperm, that's where the trailer would end And.


it would have like some kind of like dialogue speaking over it. This is why it's a teaser trailer kind of thing or you know, a very moment, a very meaningful moment in the, in the, in the show. But yeah, that's, It's funny, I actually hit pause right before there's a, a vocal track that comes in that goes, oh, it's crazy that you brought that up. Anyway, that's what I mentioned Two very different ones. I like that I could see these things but not literally. 'cause my imagination sucks. Next song.


This is gonna be so strange. I'm first right? Yes, Yes. I could not imagine anything actually happening, but in my mind was locked the basement stairs to my childhood home. Like there was nothing happening. I wasn't going up and down them, but I, every single time I was like, where's this going? It would just snap to another angle or just, it wasn't even really the imagery of it, it was just like, this is your childhood basement stairs. And I, I couldn't tell you anymore 'cause nothing happened. It was just like basement stairs. That was the only thing. I had a different reaction than Mark. Okay. It's not Mark's basement stairs. It was Not Mark's basement stairs. Okay.


It was a black bird with a white chest, always a side profile. You'd see one big eye and the beak cartoon wearing like an inspector gadget jacket and a top hat. And then like the music would, and more birds would come in wearing the same outfit. They'd be scurrying around and then like, as the thing would slow, they would hop together, get on a bigger jacket and a bigger hat and more and more birds kept coming in to the same size of the stack and they would just rease until they were just a giant flock of birds with coats and hat. It's like one of those very satisfying loop videos. It's constantly pushing out and eventually all the birds form into one bird and then it like starts over with the one bird in the hat. Ah, man, that's really funny.


I mark, do you have a lot of anxiety tied up to your childhood stares or something? Well see that, That wasn't the thing, it wasn't the most tense song. It had like a little bit of, but it was mostly playful and I think like what it was is like, it, it's more of a, of a, a goofy kind of song. So reminded me of childhood a bit. I think so I, I couldn't tell you why I, I I really couldn't. That's why it was such a mystery to me at the same time I was just like, why is this not going anywhere but right here. Hmm. I wanna play one more and I don't wanna sour your opinions on this one, but I will say I fucking hate this song.


That's pretty much it. There's like, oh No, I ate that. That was pretty cool. I like that. Think about the sounds in the song. Make my whole head hurt immediately. Really? Oh Man. My brain is just like, oh, turn it Off. I think you might have infiltrated my thoughts on this 'cause like where my brain went was obtrusive dj. So there's a guy that's just trying to live his life and he like goes outside and the DJ's just out there and he goes to a hotdog stand, the DJ pops out and starts guy at his own wedding like dancing and then like their song's interrupted by the dj. And then like the, the eight bit like thing that comes in at the end, the like the little bleeping high pitched is him yelling at the DJ and the DJ just, and the guy just won't leave him alone.


Everywhere he goes in life the DJ is there fucking playing and the guy can't get away from him. But I feel like that was influenced by you saying you hate the songs. I was like, guy who hates dj? Everyone hates DJs. Everyone. What did you see Mark? I saw, do you guys know metal slug? That's, I imagined it was all the characters from metal Slug, like the main ones that you can play in like a drop ship. It was just a view of them sitting like checking their weapons, you know, reloading their, their their magazines or clips or whatever. They, and then it was just like them sitting and you know, the, the ship would shake every once in a while, but it was pretty much just static them prepping to go into battle. 'cause it just reminded me of like those arcade games. Yeah. Right before the action starts.


So it just seemed like a loading screen kind of, kind of vibe to it. Even My DJ image was like that same art style, the eight bit or whatever it's called. It was, It was so weird when that, that it really did crunch down every imagination to just like, oh this is eight bit. Yeah, of course it is. The style I pictured was also that. Yeah. Nice, nice. All right? I may have lied when I said one more. I actually forgot. I had one more that I had picked as the last one. Oh, Liar. Liar. Pants on. Liar. That's okay. Anyway, here you go. This is the last one.


There you go. This I, I must be on the arcade, kind of a video game vibe. This was literally the background music of a megaman level. So all, all I could see is just like you, it's just looping. It goes through, you're playing through the level. There's nothing like that's going to the music specifically. It's just a stage. This is the music in that stage and you're just like going through and playing. It was fun. This Is like an eighties or nineties commercial that's like the overdramatic like cool kid walking around looking completely fucking absurd. 'cause the thing that's advertising is like the new yo-yo, but everyone's like stopping and turning as the kid walks by, like their sunglasses are dropping. There's some like kids fighting on the side of a road sitting there like arguing and bickering, but the cool kid walks by with the yo-yo or whatever and they both stop and it's like the top down view.


Everyone like, whoa. And just every scene is like something you wouldn't expect or like a scene that doesn't make sense. And this kid's probably like 10 years old, but everyone's stopping to look at how cool they are with the new thing. I appreciate that. Do Bing do Can you play It again? Yeah. Unfortunately we don't. Oh God. That I thought you had a button prepared for in case Mark asked for a replay. Unfortunately. No, I understand. I understand. That's that's fair. That's a very fair, actually this Is, I will say the ad played because this is on SoundCloud. This was actually written by Mandy's brother and the name of this track is Distractible podcast theme song.


Back when we were coming up with the idea for this show that Mandy's brother Eric makes music and I was like, what if he made the podcast theme and we ended up not using it. But this is technically, this is the Distractible podcast theme song. It's a Bob. I mean it is video gamey, but also that's one of the main things he's done is he writes, has written music for indie games that his friends and people he does have produced and stuff. So yeah, SoundCloud Maestro. Oh, gone SoundCloud. There's your free plug, Eric, that's not free. You made this song, but that was a long time ago. Three and a half years ago probably.


That was made. Anyway, good work guys. That was fun for me. I hope it was fun for everyone else. I don't really care if it was fun for you two, but hope listeners and watchers, I hope it was fun for you. Now it's time to do that thing where we tally the points and who I say first has no bearing on who actually wins the episode. Okay, so we we're switching it up now. Mark, you earned points for Blues Clues in and out of house birthday points. Good tripod, brain rot, rabbit, eighties montage danger, sperm. Sperm, part two, Dexter's Tropical Dune trailer and childhood basement stairs, giving you a total of 11 points. Wade, you earn points.


Four hating Jack Black, no house tree, standing desk in air quotes, country pies, bourgeois snails, dark Mickey cous cous dance, circ de sperm, lay secret therapy, 10 birds in a trench coat, intrusive DJ and the nineties Cool kid commercial, giving you a total of 12 points and making you today's winner. Yes. So I had no bearing, huh? Oh, I just, I had to mix it out. I threw it out there that I was gonna mix up the order, but then I remixed up the order and I really got you on that one. I knew the moment Mark's name came out first.


I'd come out on top. Wait, is this my winter speech time? 'cause I don't want that to be my Winner speech. Yeah, no, that's your whole winner. Your, that was your winter speech. Okay. No, I guess you could have an official way. Make, make a winner. Speech week. Congratulations. Aha. Win Mark loser speech. That's not it. Nothing. That's it. Good speech. Mark. Look, this, this episode cost me a lot my, my sanity, my imagination and the respect of my peers and people that watch my content because now they peered inside my mind and they will be forever changed for peeking into the beyond.


Yeah, it's terrifying. There's a lot of sperm in there. Anyway, congratulations to Wade. Listeners watchers. Make sure you check us out on our socials and whatnots Mark. Mark ply. Wade is Lord man, 7, 7, 7 or Minion 7, 7 7. I am my ker. We have merch Distractible store.com and make sure you follow because then you'll get notified that there is that when it happens. I mean it's Mondays and Fridays, but somehow people still forget that and Oh yeah, the video, it's the Lance Spotify. If you wanna watch the video and see the exact moment where Mark realizes how obsessed with sperm he truly is. He could watch that only on Spotify. I was gonna mock you, Bob. I was like, oh, so I do a drawing episode for the watchers and I'm the bad guy, but Mark, Bob does this episode where we have to listen.


Yeah, But watchers got nothing outta this episode. Wait, everyone listens everywhere. Don't they Take that idiots. Anyway, thanks for playing along. This was very fun. I hope everyone enjoyed it. And until next time, podcast out.