
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. From streaming to shopping, prime helps you get more out of your passions. So whether you are a fan of True Crime or prefer a nail biting novel from time to time with services like Prime Video, Amazon music and fast free delivery Prime makes it easy to get more out of whatever you're into or getting into. Visit amazon.com/prime to learn more.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Whispering Wade rubs off over. Mark gets out his atlas to analyze his accidental ding Dom bereft. Bob finds the perfect sheath for his butthole and questions, Coloradans cognitive clarity. Mascarad Mark rejects manly munitions, utterly ignores continental boundaries and coats was not, was from bald bashing to the last chance saloon He has. It is time for Where Am I now. Sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Distractable. I'm today's host because well starting the year off strong is exactly what I had planned in the last episode. If you didn't watch it, you should 'cause everything went exactly how we thought it would. I'm joined by my co-host, as always, mark and Bob. Hello. Hi. Hi. This is the show where one of us hosts the other two compete for points never as the most points at the end gets the host the next episode. And that will not change today. But typically, and today we usually start off some small talk. So how's things going? Is my hair getting progressively more disheveled? A little bit with every recording we've been doing. I don't know why. 'cause all I've been doing is getting up, going to the bathroom, getting some food, but I come back and my hair is just a complete ramshackle mess.


Wade, do you know what that feels like? Huh? Yeah. You get that Wade. Yeah. Sometimes I'll get my head shaved and I'll miss a single hair. I also have like a random eyebrow hair here that likes to go a little wild sometimes. And I have to trim it. Dude, I have never felt more attacked than when I'm sitting there getting a haircut and with no prompting whatsoever. The barber is just like, Hey, do you want me to trim those eyebrows up a little bit for you? And I'm like, What? Are they bad? They've been like this. Like, yeah, I'll just fix 'em. Don't worry, I'll just fix 'em. I didn't know they were broken When we were filming space, if you remember when I did like Detective Mark and they filled in my eyebrows more like they made 'em thicker.


Everyone was looking at me like, you look good today. What's going on? What's going on with you? And then they filled in mix eyebrows more and they're like, well, hey wait, something changed about you? So the secret to beauty is not cutting out eyebrows. It's thicker, fuller eyebrows. They're Screwing me over it's bore Clips. Well, you were too handsome. They didn't want you to be excessively handsome. Dumbing me down for the rest of you losers. The worst was one time I had one of those wild old man hairs on like the outside of my ear and without even saying anything, it's like, ooh, lemme get that old man hair too while I'm at it. Damn. Ooh. They're like, Ooh. And then they're looking at you and then they just trim something real quick.


It's like, ha ha. So thick eyebrows. Thick eyebrows. Save lives. I think that's the saying. Yeah. Who needs to rhyme? Thick Eyes, save lives. Ah, there he is. I'm back, baby. I hit it. That's our guy. How did we get here? Bob? What did you say? So small Talk eyebrows. Mark's hair is getting crazy. I don't know. That's what it was. Mark's hair is getting crazy. Let us here. I was like, how the hell did we start off with hair and eyebrows? What do you got Jumanji over there or something? Mark, why does it look like you just got back from an ordeal? I don't Know. But speaking of Jumanji, What a segue. You Remember the hunter from Jumanji?


That guy From the original movie? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The original. I don't, I don't count the sequels. He Was also the dad, right? Yeah, actually it was the same person that played the dad. You know something about like the guy's subc, the kid subconscious, like yada yada. Anyway, I am not a gun nut, but there's one Go on Weapon that has always fascinated me is a lever action rifle. Right? And I don't think he had that in the movie, but I've always been interested in just a lever action rifle. Like Winchester lever action. Yeah, like clack clack Or you know, in Terminator too, when he had the lever action like shotgun and he went sw wp just that action of a sch sw Wack.


And then he went poof. Poof. What was that joke from three episodes ago? PP. Yeah. You know, I don't know why, but it just, it it, it's always been a fascination of mine still. Just like if I, if I do ever get another one, it would be a 22 because I don't need big caliber. I, I'm not hunting anything. I'm not trying to actually kill anything. It's just for target practice and plinking away and stuff. But doesn't it just fascinate you the mechanisms of that Mark? Have you ever seen Wild West style competitive shooting? Which One? The one where they leaned all the way over like this and They go no. Yeah, no, not quick draw. The one where they're, I I'm thinking of ones where it's like, it's a person with two six shooters and they're like ba ba ba.


They empty those and then they pick up a Winchester and they're all like bang bang, bang, bang. And it's just like a target shooting on a range. But it's all like, you know, wild westy looking. And they're usually in costume type garb. I probably have seen that Winchester, the bar from Sean of the dead. You Know why it was called that? Because It had a Winchester on the wall. It sure did. It sure did. And it works. No, I would, no, no, it would never work. I'll place a bet on it. All right. The only thing that's bad about that is, you know, lever actions. The way they, the, the cool way that they work is you put the bullet in the side And it goes click click. It's kinda like loading shotgun shells. Well, in 20 twos they don't do that. What they do is you have to unthread the barrel below the top front barrel, pull out this rod slide in your bullets one at a time like you're loading bbs.


But I don't, I don't think they make it in the cool way. Maybe You'll have to get a man's gun if you want to be cool with your guns. Oh Come on man. It's either a 22 or a 500 cow. Fuck God. Jesus. I wanna battleship Artillery kid. It's my second amendment right to have our, It's a lever action cannon Battleship. The boat like transforms to like megatron to reload goes back, you know, In war hammer 40 K. It basically is that because in all the future and all the technology, there's a ship's going through space. They have big cannons and the only way that they're loaded is a bunch of people with like rail tracks and chains lifting up a a, a fucking bus size shell load pushing It in.


Like e you have to do that And space Marines too, right? The start. You have to like load a missile. You have to load something where you're like, oh I haven't, I haven't played it yet. Don't spoil it. No, no, no. Spoil it. Sorry man. I didn't know this game that came out like a year ago with, That's like the prologue mission. I have been busy man, don't worry. It's the very first thing it won't be spoiled. Oh That's fine. I understand. And then you kill the space emperor later. Which One? The Main one. Gary? No you're not Gary. No, I thought it was Tim. It was Gary. Anyway, that's all I have to say about whatever the hell I was talking about. I have small talk that everyone's gonna be excited for.


You know how everyone always shits their pants with glee whenever Mark talks about one of his hyper fixations like lenses or render farms, while I'm circling back to everybody's favorite Bob obsession, I found the last phone case I'm ever gonna need guys. Oh boy. Oh boy. This is a phone case that's been out for a while but they didn't make it for my specific phone but they do now. And honestly a little bit. I don't wanna promote it because this company puts really annoying and shitty ads all over every social media platform that I'm on in the entire universe and I don't like them. But they actually made a thing this like possibly the best fucking phone case I've ever had.


This is the Mag back elite phone case. This is a little finger finger Loopty doty. It has a kickstand. Ooh. Which is nice and discreet And it like magnets closed. It has a dust cover for your little butt plug. These colorful bits are all changeable. Wait, Pause through your butt. What was the other Part? It has a dust cover for its little butthole. Oh okay. I thought, I thought you said plug. Plug is definitely butthole. I thought you had a a, a accessory that goes with the case that's like tied into a butt plug or something like that. I wish that's not made by a mag. Anyway, it's just a really great case. All the colorful bits are changeable. So this was all black when I got it. But can and the, the real kicker is it's magnetic.


Well this is apparently not magnetic metal but it'll stick to anything. It's got these magnets on it that like pop out a little bit, you know, very satisfyingly. If You had two phones in that case and you tried to put them together, would they repel each other or attract? Probably doesn't matter. Okay. Mag back's commercials and advertising is obnoxious and I hate it, but I actually sincerely think this might be closest to perfection phone case I've ever owned up to this point. You wanna know what I did with my phone case? I've changed it. What'd you do? What did you you changed Mark. What happened? I just took it off 'cause it was annoying me. Were you still using quad lock? Yeah, But I wasn't quad locking anything so I took it off.


I'm like oh it's so nice. Except I forgot how annoying it is to lay it down. 'cause the camera bump is so huge. So every time I lay it down I'm like oh, it's at an angle. Clang crash and the glass is getting scratched up and all kinds of bad stuff. Yeah, that'll happen. I have learned that this in the middle of the night is the loudest thing you can do is put your phone on here and then the suction like When you're very carefully you're like, just line it up, just slam and then it's charging. Yeah, no that happens like, Oh I've forgot to plug my phone in but Molly and the animals are already asleep. I don't wanna wake them up. I'm just gonna quietly It just as a transformer changes.


Yeah, no dude, I, I actually got one of those that has a silicon edge to it and it's dead silent and it's the best wireless charging MagSafe thing. It's awesome. It's obscenely expensive and not ultimately worth it. But I would love that. 'cause man is it almost every time that I forget to put my phone on the charger right away? Especially those Apple ones. 'cause they have kind of a rubbery middle, but the outer edge is metal and if you have any kind of hard phone case it it clangs the shit out of it. I do dislike that. I honestly don't even use wireless charging most of the time anymore. I just plug it in. It's hard to beat like a 65 wat charger where I'm like, oh my phone's at 10% and then I plug it in for 20 minutes and it's like oh my phone's at 80%.


Guess I'll not plug it again. Plug it in for another couple days. It's hard to top that. The wireless charging is convenient but the fast charging is more convenient anyway. I know everyone gets so hype they vomit out their souls. Every time I talk about phone cases I know it. Well I am. I'm never gonna talk about it again 'cause this is the only one you need. Also, if we could please stop putting commercials everywhere I go on online mag, I'd really love that. I Feel like somehow more are going to appear because of this. A hundred percent. Well 'cause I went to their website, right? I ordered this off their website for their holiday deal thing that they had and I'm definitely gonna get that in my bad algorithm. Whatever bullshit. Is their website the one place you're safe from their own ads?


No. Their website is just their ad with a button under it that says buy our shit. They paid to advertise on their own site. They don't have to. That's the thing, they don't have to pay. They can run the ad endlessly. It's free. You know if in all honesty we could just do our own ads by going to a website, getting a referral link and going here unless honey steals it all. But We can do that. Mark, you were Right. I was right. I was right. Are you getting every video from every person ever just with Mark's face saying Mark called honey before. Honey called Honey Man. So many people are just making bank off of me saying I was right. I'm very Impressed. I have never seen your videos advertised to me as much as other people's videos as with you and honey in the title getting advertised to me.


I know, I know. I better be in the sequel of that guy's video. He better say he better say my name. Say my name. I don't think anything else new is going on in my life. No, the honey thing. I'm surprised we haven't talked about that though. 'cause like man, oh man, I've not seen any videos recommended me except for yours Mark. But they're not your videos, they're just you. Thanks buddy. That's how I know I've made it. I've, I've crossed over. I will say that was a very good clip for the call out and then what transpired not to downplay at all your prediction and not to spoil it for everyone else. That's true of everything guys. It could not be more true of all this shit that you think is free online. It's not free. That's the thing. It's not free. We may not ever learn the disappointing details of exactly who is stealing your data and how they are doing it and who is what corporations are stealing money from whom.


That's how it all works. Guys, I'm really sorry to break it to you. Mark is right about all of the internet. I will say though, he said in the clip that it would come out in 2022. It's not Mark's fault. Journalism is so fucking slow. Okay, look it's not my fault. Also there was a pandemic. Was that clip Preplan pandemic? Actually, I'm not sure. Was that pre pandemic? When did that Clip? I don't know when that was but I assumed it. It was probably either like 2019 or 2020. 'cause you probably did like in a couple years it'll come out. Right. So 2022 kind of. Apparently it took place in 2020 according to one of the things I saw. I just don't know when in 2020 took place. It would have to be before what April or to be before like the pandemic shut everything down.


That's pandemic mark. That's that's redacted Mark right there. Redacted Mark out here making calls. It's one of his personas. Pandemic mark. Pre pandemic Mark Pandemic Dark Pre pandemic Dark. Then there's the OnlyFans pre pandemic Stark mark. Oh wow. The lore is ever expanding. I look forward to being right about something else and then people plastering my face all over the internet for me. Yeah, just Keep, just keep making bold claims and then in a couple years it'll get that free publicity for everyone who's not you. Is Mark the new Simpsons? I could be. Are you predicting I'll be president in 2028? No. No one's predicting that. I was right about you not being president.


I'm here saying Wade will not be president. I hope that ages poorly. Wade will be behind bars by 2028. All right, let's see what happens. For What crime? All of them. He, He tried to completionist crime, Tried to speed, run all of crime. He almost made it lost to the ultimate boss. The law. Well good small talk. I gotta say Mark, you do have an edge in points right now because of your honey prediction. I did give you bonus points for that. Thank You. Thank you, thank you. I being as you can't make any ad revenue on your prediction, you at least got points here. Yeah. At least you got points. That's pretty good. That's an equal value or equal or greater.


I like points. Points are pretty cool. I never know when something I get is like a text I get is like a scam or something or if it's actually something I need to follow up about. This sounds fake right? A BF freight. That sounds fake. It does sound very fake. I got one from the USPS. Fake Fake. I think it was they wanted me to click a link and I was like I'm not opening a link. Oh yeah. All these scams are so prevalent nowadays. I thought that we were getting to the point where like spam calls and spam texts are getting not as prevalent but I guess if they're straight up just stealing from you, they don't really care what the law actually is. Yeah, I don't think they give two shits. They just infinitely spoof new numbers and whatever and just never give up.


I will, I will say of all the people I know who, who where it's like, ooh, is this a scam? Is this not a scam? You actually do order like weird shit from China. You order server parts of anyone. I know that for you that could be like, oh wait, actually no that's, that's these processors I bought secondhand from this thing. That's legit. Even though it does sound like scam, it's my new supply of uberly fruit. I wish no one, no one hooked me up unless someone said on the subreddit that I didn't notice. No one hooked me up. Which means we don't have any listeners in a country that grow grows Uli Fruit. I didn't see it. I didn't scour the subreddit but I didn't see anyone talking about that.


No offers Now, which is a damn shame. One of Our viewers and or listeners is just sitting on a pile of it and they're like, that's right Mark won't ever get any of you my sweet babies as they eat this. How much sugar would that be equivalent to a handful of that? Well see, I don't know how much is in the actual fruit because what is probably just in the fruit is a minuscule amount of this browsing. But what I have is just a concentrated amount of it. All of the fruit is dead for your bag. I hope so. I hope so. I hope so. You heard me? You heard me. Geez. Yeah, right. Write that down. Who are you? The the Snead guy. We got a Lorax you here.


I hope so. Is there a Uli Lorax? The u Lorax ax. He's just very like animated like Kramer almost from all he's Taking in The, I dunno what you think the does to people, but I I don't think it does That. It's, it's both full of bruising and heroin. And heroin. It's an interesting plant.


Carla only has the best check. Can't connect to network, but she didn't have the best internet. So she got Cox multi gig speeds to power all her. Now all her tech is connected. Exactly. Step it up with multi-gig speeds available everywhere. Only from Cox two gig download speeds. Individual speeds vary. See cooks.com for details.


I do have an idea today and I don't know that we really segued into it. Kind of maybe not really today. I want to go over some places and I want you all to tell me if they are real or fake and if they're real, where they are and maybe even how the name came to be. I Got this in the bag, mark. I hate to tell you, but your losing streak is gonna continue. Hey, That's all part of the plan baby. I predict my losing streak will carry on for as long as I want it to. This might be a really long episode. It might be a really short episode. Depends on how this goes. I've got some number of names here. Some number. It's pretty good. All right, so let's start with Eek. You see a spider or something? Are you okay? Is eek a real place?


A fake place? How is it spelled? EEK. Eek. Do we vote? Do we go jump in or ding? Sure. Are you ding? You can go first. Yes. Yes. It's real or fake. Great answer. Yes, it's real. That's what I'm saying. You said it was real or fake and I say yes and that's it. Shut up. All right Bob, do you think it's real or fake? Okay, Well that sort of steals my thunder a little bit. I'm pretty sure this is a real place. This is a place in Transylvania near the home of Dracula. Eke is right next to blah because it's scary.


Yeah. Okay. So you both say it's real. Yeah, it's A real place. It is real. It is not in Transylvania, near Dracula's Castle. However, or if it is, I'm gonna even tell you all I've stuck to the United States. Ah. So this is somewhere in the us So Bob, do you want another guest for in the us? Okay. Yeah. In is real. It's located in Vermont next to the delightful borough of Ooh, a mouse. Okay, mark, do you agree with That? That begrudging smile. That was funny. Come on. Eek is obviously in Greece, but it's an ancient city that was just destroy In the US A in the us A past tense.


Didn't hear that part. And I don't care thinking about something else, man. I was thinking about trying to get my answer together. Reading your parameters. I don't, I don't know. What do you think? I'm a nerd knowing all the rules to your game. I play my own rules to my own game and it's in Greece in the past, which is why it's past dense Eek to be fair. I I respect that. All right, so Vermont and Greece, USA are the two guesses. Ancient Greece, USA When Greece originally was in the Americas Before the tectonic plates. Yeah, it actually got sucked Through The Atlantic Ocean underwritten. Spit it out. It also was Atlantis for a brief stitch. It was, yes it was.


Yeah, but it got pulled real fast. Which us state did it get pulled into? Oh, it doesn't exist anymore. Oh, it East's no longer real. Oh it says City Dumbass. Did it get pulled into a US state or is it just a floating city somewhere? Dumb ass state doesn't exist anymore. Obviously This, this is, this is, have you guys, do you guys seen Always Sunny in Philadelphia? A little. Not much of it. But have You seen this sketch where Charlie doesn't understand what a city is? No. And it like, wait, so guys, so I'm in Philadelphia. When do I leave Philadelphia and give and go into Pennsylvania?


No, we're we're in Pennsylvania right now. No, we're in Philadelphia right now. And what the hell is Pittsburgh? So on and so forth. I have not, this does feel like that. It's a good bit. It's very funny. Well Mark agrees that EEC is a city in the us formerly ancient Greece not part of any current states. It's just eek. It's like a, it's like the Vatican City state. It's a bold answer Bob. I gotta say you're the closest by giving me any US state Mark. If you'd said any US state west of Vermont, you would've maybe won because the answer's Alaska. Oh Well that's not in the right place. Alaska's way far away from Greece. It wouldn't make any sense for it to go over there. It Would be impossible for it to have been pulled through the entire continental United States.


Yeah. Wade, why don't you think about your answers before you give 'em. You're great man. I'll try to do better moving forward. You know Google's free Wade, You probably looked at the Google AI thing though. Yeah, just, just using AI summaries. That's what we get. I just spelled eek incorrectly on the points, but I tried to fix it. The next one is Dingdong. Well I know this one. This is a real place. It's actually kind of part of the Jersey Shore area. You know that that meme of that guy who's like bing bong fuck your life. That guy from the jersey Dingdong is actually the next town over in. So this is in New Jersey on the shore. Ah, Bing Bong.


Fuck your life. Dingdong, fix your life. Yeah, no, dingdong is where where they go to get their act together. It's a really boring play. Everyone has jobs, very responsible, a lot of white button downs. Everyone drives a a Toyota Corolla base model. He's never been more wrong. He's been wrong a lot in his life. He's never been more wrong about this because it's not that reference that he is making. There's another reference that I don't remember what it's about or what it's for, but there was some Russian sounding lady or some Slavic country that goes ding-dong. And that's obviously a city in Russia or some Slavic country. I'll take my points.


So, Which US state Is that? It's obviously a city in Russia very clearly. These are all in the us. Nah, I don't think so. You might be wrong about that when you gotta check your facts. Would that be Alaska then? Like Russia and Alaska are basically the same place. Probably a piece that broke off from Russia and migrated over. Oh God, Yes. Points please. These are all in the US and you've cast increase in Russia. You're doing great. Well I know I'm Are you doing great? You seem to Be troubled. You know what? I'm just gonna go ahead and say this. I was gonna give you the exact mileage just to make this look even more ridiculous. But Bob, you are once again closest.


All Right. Even giving Mark Alaska doesn't get him close enough to Ding-Dong Texas, which is the real place. Texas, you're the new Russia. I'm sure they'll love that. That's a tourism bureau slogan right there. Mark called Honey. He's calling this Mark was right. Yeah. Ding-Dongs in Texas. And I guess that's all I have to say about that. I Think I knew that. Of course you knew that buddy. I think I knew that. That's all I have to say about that. I Have no other commentary here. Sorry, I let my inner thoughts out for a second. Let's move on to the next one. Three toes. Three toes. Real or fake. And where is it?


If it's real Mark, I guess you can answer where it is if it's fake too. Yeah, so ding New Mexico and obviously it's the sister city of Dose Ritos where they made Doritos three To, Hey, you know what, that's in the us. He's on the board. I am gonna say this is fake. Which is a thing I forgot. We could guess in the last round, I'm not gonna lie. And Wade was literally looking around and was like, ah, I need some fake ones. Need some fake ones. We looked down at his foot and there's a hole in his sock and you could see three of his toes through the hole in his sock and ah, three toes.


Bob, you're partially correct. It is fake. However, I did not come up with it by looking at my foot. There was a similarly named place elsewhere in the world that made me think of that. Is it do Ritos? It was not Do Fritos. Are you sure It wasn't though? I could go over some do Fritos now. Nacho cheese Is it Lays Fritto. Lays Fritto? No. Where is that at? In a bag of chips. Correct. The next one is sweet and salty. I think he's just naming chips. Yeah, I think we just got hungry. I thought this was very fitting after this discussion to go with sweet and Salty. These are all typed out on a thing. I know this one. I know this one. Sweet and salty is real.


It's actually located in Kentucky And it is just downstream down the Ohio River from a little town called DE's Nuts. I'm gonna accept that as a real answer despite the fact that I feel like you just de nutted me and all the audience. What? That Is a real, look it up. D's nuts. Kentucky, a delightful little town located on the Ohio River, Okay, D'S Nuts is in Kentucky, but it's a peanut brand, not an actual like city. I've completely forgotten what the original name of the town was. If I go based on my knowledge of the number of real cities that I know off the top of my head versus real cities that I don't know, the don't know is very larger than the know.


So I'm gonna assume this is one that is real. I just don't know it. 'cause statistically that's the more likely outcome. Okay? Where is it in Our hearts? Miss you, big city, whatever your name Was, sweet and salty. Yep, that was it. You got it. Congratulations. So Bob guesses, Kentucky, you guess in our hearts. In our hearts. Hey, our hearts are in the United States. So Sweet and salty is also fake. I did already have it on my list though. It just happened to fit after the chips discussion. Technically, I guess marks the closest by guessing in our hearts. But the thing I guessed includes a real company in the correct state, Not in this correct state of sweet and salty where the The correct state for the company.


The Company, yes. Believe me, you got points for D's Nuts with an S. 'cause her name is apparently D. Yeah, It's it's Miss D Range and it's her nuts. So if I guess a company and I know what state it's in, do I get points? No. Okay. I feel like I just did What? Isn't that a Wade thing? Okay, I'm rubbing off on you. That's All right. Let's go with bald Head. I think that's a real place. Isn't that a real place in California? I'm not gonna answer that right away. Bald Head is definitely a real place. And since we all know Bald Head mostly lives in Wade's basement. I'm gonna say Cincinnati, Ohio home Is where Wade's Head is.


It is real. It's not Cincinnati, Ohio. As far as I know, it's not in California. There are two bald heads that I know that are real. There's Bald Head Island, which I think is in North Carolina and there's bald head, Maine. Maybe That's where I know Bald Head from. 'cause when I went to wait, North Carolina or South Carolina, did you say Baldhead Island? I believe in North Carolina. Nevermind it doesn't. I have no association with that. Bald Head is in Maine. I think it's named after Cliff in Maine. But I guess Bob was closest with Ohio's closer than California to both of those. Now He knows his geography. I told you, mark, I told you I got this locked in Bob's strategy. Pick a Midwestern state Mark's strategy.


Maybe go in the usa. Hey listen, Marx is really gonna pay off eventually. You just gotta commit. Oh, I'm gonna sink this one into, into the basket. I'm not gonna sink it like a boat sinking. What about no name? I actually feel like I might know where this is. I feel like no name is a place in Nevada. It's a real place in Nevada. I swear to God I drove past it. 'cause I drove from from California to Ohio when we moved cross country. I swear to God. I remember seeing that and being like, huh, that's Funny. I I think he's right. It's somewhere around there. I'm gonna say Arizona just because, for differences.


But I swear also I have also driven through someplace and seen a sign for no name. If it's in California, I'm gonna be real pissed. It is real. It is not in Nevada. It is not in Arizona. That's not good. It is in Colorado. Ah, that was my second thought. That was in Colorado. But that makes sense. I Don't actually know if it's closer to Nevada or Arizona. I Think it should be Nevada. It's pretty close to both. You have to go through Utah to get to Nevada. Whereas you just have to go through most of Colorado to get to the point where it touches Arizona. Oh Yeah. No, actually it would be closer. I forgot. I forgot Utah existed. I Forgot Utah was in between this.


I think it's technically closer to Arizona, but it's closer than you'd think. Alright. This is interesting because no name is not a city though. No name is what's known as a census designated place, which is purely a concentration of population. It is not incorporated as a city itself, but the population is 117. It, it runs a lot of its stuff out of Glenwood Springs. Like its municipality and government. Any kind of government kind of defaults to Glenwood Springs. I don't even know if it counts as a city though. Do You want the point or not? Bitch, I'll Take it. Not I don't want it.


I do Man. New Year. Marcus Wade for some reason. I want you to you to decide Mr. Judge. But it also, this is the truth, I believe in fact, And it is not a city as a census designated place, Is it? Is it like an unincorporated village or anything? Technically? Is it? There's A step above it known as a co-terminus municipality, which is below cities, towns, and villages. So it's actually below even like a associated city from another one. It is purely the census was like some people live here. I ain't got a name for this shit. No name probably is how that went down. But I don't know. There's a fourth level below it, which is Ward.


You could divide a city into wards, I think. Yeah. Isn't that like a big thing in like New Orleans? Isn't there a bunch of different wards and stuff? Yes, I think so. Yeah. I think how the city's divided up. Yep. The next one is boring. It's real. That's New Mexico. It's probably one of the Dakotas. I'm gonna go with one of the Dakotas. You can have both. I'll give you both. Dakotas Boring as realist in the Dakotas. I feel like this is another one where I feel like, oh wait, do I know this from a Benfold song Recording To Ben Folds. Boring is in Illinois.


All right, so we have Illinois or just the Dakotas. Congrats Mark. You get the point? Because boring is in Oregon, which is closer to the Dakotas than it is Illinois. Oh, so I wasn't even remotely close. More like Oregon. You were more close than Bob. I fine. Thank you for asking. Ben Folds lied to me. I just wanted to throw that out there. I found that goal. Kda is in Illinois. If that helps you, Bob, goal Kda this Guy. How many points is that worth to me? I'll give you Half a one. All Right, I'll take it. Our next city is splat. I know this one. This is a real place but not a real city because Splat is the name of the, the area that is in Nickelodeon's defunct theme park in Orlando where there was a lot of like the green goopy stuff, The splat zone or whatever the hell it Was called.


It's, it's what they referred to. It's not an actual city. So it's no, it's not real. But it is the place in the defunct Nickelodeon studios theme park. Okay. It's like a, it's like a, it's like a place within a theme park. So splat is a city in Russia, which means that it's not real. It comes from sp. Therefore it is fake. Not a Real city. You're both right. Splat is fake, but I guess Bob's closest 'cause he's somehow still in the USA. No no Man. Marcus really trying to go on a journey and Wade is just not coming with over here. You Can, you can go on the journey.


He is just not gonna get POed for being in Russia. Oh no. You triggered dog mode. What's that? Tim Timmy's trapped in the, well I remember the Wizard of Oz. Sequel with the depressed Lee Lion. Put it down, put it down. Put me down. Put me down The next one. Dinosaur. Oh, mark goes first. Sorry. You have to, you have the stage On the floor. Everybody get on the the Floor. Everybody open the door, get On the floor.


Everybody Do the dinosaur Fake. I'm not gonna say where it is that it's fake 'cause that hurts my chances. If I set it up and like in our dreams and it's actually fake, I'm gonna be screwed. Hey, you actually got points for in our hearts the one time. Well This one is not in our dreams. It's just fake. Just like the dinosaurs themselves. All fake. Damn. I thought you were gonna start collecting bones at one point. Dinosaur is clearly real. It is located somewhere, I believe in Idaho and it's actually just a, a municipality with a population of one. There's this guy Rorick Benter, who believes very firmly that the current interpretation of what dinosaurs look like and how they sounded is scientifically inaccurate.


So he's made his own sort of facsimile of Jurassic Park, but they're all like models and and animatronics and stuff. But he has called his municipality Dinosaur. Dinosaur is real. It's a statutory town in Colorado. Not too far from no name. Colorado needs to figure their shit out. What's going on in Colorado? What the hell is this? I feel Likem not doing well. I am a geographical savant. Mark, you never stood a chance. Who's going first this time? Is it Bob going first this time? Yes. I'm gonna say it before you say anything real. Okay. Real Washington state.


Give it to me. He's Looking at your monitor. In the reflection of your head. Ban him. You need to buff your head so it's not so shiny. He said real. He said Washington. Washington state Mark to you. Last chance. Is that the name of the town? Yes. Last chance. That sounds like a town in Washington, but I'm gonna call that real. And it's in Kansas because it's the last chance to turn back before you get to the hell hole. That is the west. Damn. Just a liberal wasteland over here. You can't Where everybody owns pussy guns and buys healthy bullets Though.


Last chance. There might be one apparently as well in California. But the last chance I have here is last Chance Iowa, which is very close to Kansas. You know, why didn't we know where Iowa was? Yeah, no, I know generally where Iowa is. I just have no concept of how wide Montana is. Montana and the Dakotas are like nine states wide. They're like there's, I have no idea how far away Washington is from Iowa, but I know they're up there. Is there A last chance in Colorado as well? God dammit, Colorado. You should Just done all of them in Colorado. That would've really showed us. I apparently there's also apparently a last chance California, but I believe it's further from Washington than the last chance.


Iowa is from Kansas. So I'm gonna give that one to Mark. Yay. I think I got one. He's taunting me. No. Yes. Maybe Taunting will get you everywhere. No. Fuck. He always gets me with that one. God damnit. Mark, you go first. Do you wanna answer before I give this out or do you wanna actually hear it? I want all of the information. I, it's definitely gonna help. My guess Accident. This one, two other cities had a broken condom when they were making a baby city. And it was like, I don't want you, I don't want you. You were an accident and then they was like up accident and then it became a city. If That was true, where would it be?


Which is where's the unwanted city or state? Probably Florida, if we're gonna be perfectly honest. Yeah, it's Gonna be Florida or New Jersey. Florida. Yes. Florida Accident. Florida. Okay, Bob. I'm gonna say no, this is a fake place. Wade try to type Aspen, Colorado And it got auto corrected to accident because he wasn't even close. So this is not a place, this is just a typo. That's fair. But wrong accident is in Maryland, which isn't very close to Florida, but it's closer than fake. It's not very far away from your keyboard. Where my accident happened. That's how James was made.


It was not an accident. I was, my mom likes to remind everyone at every opportunity. Yeah, I just assume every kid's an accident. 'cause I think I was too, I always just thought babies were a surprise. Like, oh God, I'm my water broke. It's like pregnant. They don't have to be like that. Do you have a deep voice when you were born? Hey Mama, I'm hungry. No, he was like a Pokemon. He came out the womb. Baby baby, baby. We gotta name him quicker. That's gonna stick. I went W and like W What a great name. That's What I call you Bob to you. Okay. This is real. It's a town in Oklahoma because then their town is okay.


Okay. And they thought that would be real funny. It's not, but they thought it would be funny. So that's what they went with. Okay. Okay. Mark, How is it spelled? OKAY. So it's Russian, It's Canadian. 'cause it ends in a, okay. It's a real city in the heartland of Ohio. Because when everyone thinks of Ohio they go, okay, Okay. I, oh, I thought you were gonna say whatever one thinks of O Ohio. They think that's okay. I guess. And anyone thinks of Ohio. They go, okay, Ohio.


Oh, You wanna go on a vacation to Ohio? Okay. Okay, Bob, I gotta tell you, you get two points for being exactly right. Okay. Oklahoma. Yes. That would've been my guess as well. But he took it so, and I can't steal his, but whatever. You could have just guessed the same thing. No one, there's no rule against No, I can't. No, no. It wouldn't be a Guess. Next time Mark is correct. That was gonna be my guess too. So I, All right. Good to know. How Is he seeing into the future like that? How is it possible? Hi, I am premonition. I'm Premi Premi noting Prenotion. I'm about to premonition. I'm Pr, I'm prem, I'm priming. Have I done this one yet? Truth or consequences?


No. Ding. It is real. It is absolutely 100% real. And it is in New Mexico. I've said that before And it is real. Either that or Texas. I can't remember which One. It's in New Mexico. It's in New Mexico. Okay Bob, This is fake calling it right now. If it's not fake. I guess what Mark guesses, It's real. And it's in New Mexico. Yes, mark two points. Because We've driven through it or next to it, there's a sign that says truth or consequences. And we always look at it and go like, that can't be real. And it's real. I Will say though, Bob said the next time you were right, he would steal your answers. So therefore Bob's also right and gets two points. I don't think we have to lend truth to that.


You Didn't say no to it when he offered it up though. And as the host, I find it hilarious. I I, I retroactively go back in time and steal all of his points. No, we already did that episode. Damn, that's a different episode. All right, I got a couple more here then we'll wrap up. Let's go with Sugarland. Well, I know Sugarland is a cupcake shop in North Carolina. 'cause I used to live by it, so I'm assuming that must be based on the very real Sugarland city. It's like Niagara Falls. There's like Sugarland US and Sugarland Canada.


But the one you're talking about is on the US side of the Minnesota border with Canada Sugar Land, Minnesota. Okay. Sugarland is not real because Sugarland is probably some city in an amusement park that someone wants, like Disney wants to be real. But no matter how much they try, it's not actually incorporated as a city. Sugar Land's real, it's in Texas. God Dammit. Sugarland is a city just southwest of Houston, Texas. We've all been to Houston. We did a show there. That's True. Wasn't that the first city we went to? And I said, oh, thank you. Dallas was that and vice versa.


Can't Remember we walked out. You said thank you Dallas and Ethan went, hello Houston. It's so good to be here in the tune And then everyone clapped. Yep. Everybody loves him for it. So Bob, I guess you get the point. Minnesota is basically Texas is what we're learning. It's the Texas of the North. Really? I think that's how Minnesotans would refer to themselves. Last One. Mark. I think you go first on the last one, right? Yes. Aglo, AGLO, AGLO. I'm gonna go fake, but only for the reason that we haven't had a fake in a while. I'm Not gonna outta curiosity. If it's fake and you had to give it a location, where would you give it? Rush. All right Bob.


All right. I know this one. This is a real place and you're mispronouncing it. It's pronounced Alo. It's actually a small city outside of of Boston where Paul Revere put two lamps in the church 'cause it was by sea and the lamps were a glow in the tower of the church. My god, he might be right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bob, I hate to tell you, but it's fake Mark. I hate to tell you, but it's real. Wait. Alo is both real and fake.


This was a fun little story I came across while researching all of this. Alo is totally made up. It became real and then strangely undid itself and became fantasy again. What happened was there was no town in New York between Rockland and the nearby Beaver kill. So somebody took a map and made a fake place on the map called Aglo. Ultimately. Long story short, even on Google Maps at one point this showed up, but it became real for a minute. But why? I don't remember. Otto g Lindberg, director of the general drafting company made a roadmap of New York state out the way Dirt road. They created a totally fictious place called Aglo. Name was blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


Years later, ran McNally famous map company issued its own New York State map. Guess what? Right there in the same place was the name Aglo. And this was all a ploy, I guess, to sue the map maker for taking their map and copying it. So they made a fake place, assuming that a map maker would steal their map and make it ah, In the spot called Aglo. There was a building allegedly called the Aglo General Store. And it had to be real, otherwise where would the owners get the name? So someone had bought the map and saw where Aglo was supposed to be and named their store after that place. But then it didn't last. The store closed and Aglo disappeared and was taken off the map. But someone bought one of these fake maps or got their hands on a fake map, saw there was supposed to be a place called Aglo.


Opened a store there thinking people would see Aglo on a map and stop by thereby making Aglo temporarily real. And then it became fake again when the store closed. 'cause there is no Aglo. Well, New York is basically Boston, so I feel like I was pretty close on location, But at one point Google had aglo on their Google maps, which was an 80-year-old fake place until it was pointed out and they finally removed it. So anyway, it is real and fake. But Bob guessed closer with Boston than Russia One of these days. Russia's gonna get me there one of these days. Is there, hold On. You know what if, what if I'm getting punked? What if there's like a Russia USA and it's just close to somehow everything?


Definitely, Definitely check that Out. Oh my God. There is a Russia, Ohio. There's a Russia, New York Mark. I'll give you a bonus point for Russia. I that's, I meant everything that you're thinking every single time. All Right, lemme calculate the points. It's more than three to two this time. Bob, I'll go over your points. First. Feeling Good about that? That's probably fine. You got half a point for Goland or whatever the fuck the name of that thing was. Last phone case. But plug Eek a mouse. Lorax, eek spelled incorrectly. Ding-dong britos, fake Ds nuts. Bald head splat stole two points or copied really sugar land.


Okay. Oklahoma dinosaur Idaho. Nope. Colorado. For a total of 17 and a half points. That feels like almost all of them. I'm not. I'm have to be Honest. Yeah, that I, I'm not gonna lie, that's, that was, that was a lot. That feels like a lot of points. I had a feeling I wasn't doing so good and maybe my feelings are true. Mark, you got points for thick eyebrows. Jumanji, you got points plural for Mark called honey extinct Uli fruit, three toes, New Mexico, no nap. No, that's probably no name. Sweet and salty. Put me down.


Accident last chance. Tra and con Truth and Consequences. Oh, okay. My pen was dying. So like half of this is faded out as well as shit were hidden. And then I think points for fusion. Fusion. Oh, Russia. Russia. That's The R. The R did not finish there. Well that was a lot. He said a lot. So I think you should be worried Bob. I think you should be worried. That was more than I was hoping you would get. I don't know numbers but I got a bad feeling about these numbers. Bob, you finished with 17 and a half points. Mark you finished with 16 points. How did he get a half a point if you didn't let him steal my points?


Oh yeah. If he hadn't gotten to steal those two, I also gave you points for Russia. Even though the whole fucking time I told you it was in the SA. So well Look man, it might've been, you might've been trying to Trick us immediately. You were like, I was like, lemme tell you guys, they're all in the USA and your first guess was ancient Greece after that. See I didn't catch that part thinking about something else. You really are me today. No, no Bob, you're our winner. Would you like to give a winner speech? I didn't really expect this. I gotta be honest. I think Mark played a tough game today and if I hadn't been allowed to blatantly cheat, honestly, I think Mark outplayed me. But it's not cheating if you don't get caught.


So in reality, I outplayed Mark and that's as real as Three Toes Texas or wherever the fuck that was. So congratulations to me. I'm the greatest. And getting away with cheating always feels good. You learn your lesson, kids cheating feels great as long as you do it right. Mark loser speech. This is why it's so important to read the instructions before you start anything. I can only think of the time when there was someone that made a post about how their teacher or a teacher or something wrote a big, long instructional paragraph on the, the first full page of a test. And it said it gave all these instructions at the very bottom or in the middle somewhere. It said like, if you read this line, you'll know that you only need to like skip all the questions and only answer the last question or something like that.


And no one read through the instructions. It was a test. So I should have listened to the instructions when they occurred. But all of this was part of my plan to never win an episode this entire year. That way I don't have to come up with ideas to host and we don't have to to let me be in charge ever again. That was my plans. Special. Reggie, You know that was a great loser speech if only you had been told after ancient Greece multiple times they were in the US and still didn't follow those instructions. But instructions do Help. Stubbornness is a trait of this podcast we dig our heels in. Period. You Know what Mark? I'll give you a point for that. But you still is that I, I wouldn't have it any other way.


I can't change. Well That was it. If you guys played along with us, what was your score? How many of these did you get? Correct? Can you prove that a place that I thought I made up is in fact real? Is there more than one of the locations? And maybe did I get things wrong? It's possible. But for my research that I did within 10 minutes because I didn't expect the host again today was not perfect then oh well, I'm the host and I declare it's okay. Thereby writing me of any wrongdoing I may have had. Congrats to Bob. Well fought Mark. Good episode. And Mark, honestly, you calling Honey might be the biggest win of all. Hopefully some people out there listen to you. Ye Yes, follow Us, Bob, at my skim mark ply me at Minion.


7, 7, 7, Lord Minion. Seven. Seven. Seven merch. Maybe one day. Until then, I've cast out.