(0s):
This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you, just when you need it. Most hint it's Uber. What About me? When I show up to your house at 3:00 AM That's when I get the Uber to sneak out the back and pick me up and drive me away. Yeah, It would've been really nice if you had told me that just left me out to drive for no reason. Hey Bob, sounds like you need someone to take you places. I need Uber. Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way so you can be on yours, Uber, on our way.

(30s):
This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot couch. Co-op is coming back. I feel it in my bones. There's a new game that I just played recently where you use your phone as a controller and I think building the perfect room for Couch Co-op is in my future. You need to go to the Home Depot and to their tools section, their power tools of which they have many. Just buy all the power tools in that aisle and go home and then all your problems are solved. How Many tools per square foot are we talking? Do I need enough tools to cover the floor or to reach the ceiling or You just need more tools? You don't need to have a number that you need to reach. You just need to get all the way up until you can't buy anymore. Then you have enough. But it's not enough because that was a trick question. You'll never have enough. You Can have it delivered. So people like me that don't like to leave their house and or don't have cars can just have everything they need brought to them. It's the ultimate Lazy Man's construction method. Click or tap the banner to shop now.

(1m 31s):
This Episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. Get your garden flourishing this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off of select plants and other deals. Plus, they're alive and thrive guaranteed ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase. When using Code Distractible at checkout, visit Fast-Growing trees.com/ Distractible Offer Is valid for a limited time and terms and conditions made. Why?

(2m 2s):
This episode of Distractible is brought to you by DOOM. The Dark Ages. Its software presents DOOM, The Dark Ages, a dark fantasy sci-fi experience that brings epic combat and over the top visuals to the legendary DOOM franchise dominate demon infested battlefields with devastating weapons. Soar on a Mecca dragon and witness the creation of a legend as the slayer takes on hell itself. DOOM The Dark Ages launches May 15th on Xbox Series X and S, PlayStation five and PC pre-order now bring an M for mature.

(2m 35s):
Good evening gentle listeners or watchers and welcome to Distractible. This episode Blundering Bob deals with a brain dead Baldy. Sean socials and plays fictional character lookalikes maxed out. Mark gets annoyed with Apple twirls. His mustache is earnestly stinky. And John a winsome Wade gets his STH on, becomes Mr. Rogers Wier, shaggy, and a maister from constitutional conundrums to Game of thongs. Yes, it's time for Who Is Us Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.

(3m 21s):
Hello and welcome back to your, oh, I had a bit for this, eh, doesn't matter now. Welcome back to Distractible. If you wanted expectations for what you're about to see that sets them fairly accurately. My name is Bob. I'm gonna be your host because I won the last one. And today's competitors as always and forever will be Mark And wait. My co-hosts, they don't have to say hi. We never know. It's never clear of when we're supposed to say hi. It's The big empty pause where I stop talking and look at you. It's Next council. We'll figure it out. You know what it's in my head is I know that that's a problem. And so I look and I'm like, they're probably not gonna talk.

(4m 4s):
I should just keep going. And then my setup for you is worse than it needs. It's, it's my fault. It's okay. It's can accept that Oh No, I can accept that. I'll accept It. No, we just need rules. We need more rules. That's what if, if the, if we've learned anything, especially what the, what the listeners like it's, we need way more rules and they need to be more complicated. Hopefully if they can be, I don't know if they can, Oh they can be Then we'll slightly misremember the rules after a few months and then everyone that remembers them properly is like they're not even doing the rules. Right. And then we have no idea because we don't remember what happened three months ago. We have what I like to call a slowly dying constitution.

(4m 44s):
It does exist And it lives in our minds. In Game or game in in in podcast though. In game. Nevermind. You go on. What are you saying? I don't know. Were you trying to say in podcast we trust, If it's funny, then yes, that's what I was trying to say. E pluribus podcast Distractible Unum. I think you guys should do the talking. I'm gonna go back to sleep. Well that's sort of the plan. If you've never seen the show before, I know which means I have a game which I do have written out in front of me with words and I give points and someone wins and they host the next one. No, no one cares. But before we get to the game, we usually do small talk. And it's been a minute since we've all hung out. So I'm sure everybody has something really interesting to talk about, About I got a Bone to pick with Apple Uhoh.

(5m 31s):
Well this is not new My business. Wait a minute. The first one thing we know, it's that Mark Small talks last about three months each before we move on to the next one. This One's taken a strange turn, you know, 'cause Apple made me that store, right? And that was weird. Really Nice of them. Still doesn't work their regular business store, which is weird. I tried signing up for a a like business account and then they said in the email, Hey you should try out our small business store. It sounds like this is more for you. And I'm like, I tried that. You made me, you gave me this enterprise store, I didn't want it. So I signed up for Apple Business Manager.

(6m 11s):
And to do that, you have to verify your business, right? You have to verify your real business, you need the DUNS number, yada yada, right? I did that, I talked about that. Well, I didn't get approved and then they deleted my account. I'm sorry, what Are you not small enough, not business enough or which I don't know. So which criteria did you fail? So they Didn't tell me. That's the thing. It was like back in the early days of YouTube when my channel got deleted and they didn't say why or my demonetized. And it was just like straight up the email went like, we couldn't verify your account. Next email, a minute later we've deleted your account. Why? Why did you delete my account? So I, I sign up again and I try to verify and I have a Dunn's number.

(6m 53s):
I put in all the information I put in. They need a second person to verify it. So like, oh, I'll put Mary who does like the accounting and she'll be able to answer all their questions to verify it's a business. Nope. Deleted again, I got deleted two more times. I, and it's waiting like two days in between each of these. So by the final one, I a, I call them up again. Calling has been a nightmare. Apple, I don't know, you just Press star, you go straight to the CEOI think, Oh man, I, they were about to pass me up there for a totally unrelated reason. I was trying just to get them to put, push an order through again. 'cause I paid an i, I made an order, it went over the credit limit and I was like, oh, I gotta pay off that card. And I called 'em to get back.

(7m 33s):
There's totally separate issues. I got passed to six different people before circling all the way back from Apple. Tie up the chain to the bank. They sent me to the bank. The bank like why are you here? Sent me back to Apple. One more pass. And then it's like, I got you. Someone actually solved the problem, which was just let me click this button, blink order 30 minutes. Anyway, I call them about the business manager thing about like why they're deleting it. And he goes like, oh, I don't know. That's a mystery department. That's a mystery department. I was like, Who verifies this? I was like, oh that's, that's another department. I don't have any control of that. I'm like, you're the Apple business manager support, right? Oh yeah.

(8m 13s):
Oh yeah. But hello Jerry. Hi mysteries, how can I help you? So what he told me was like, yeah, sometimes you gotta like work the information to get it to go through. Sometimes you gotta unplug it and plug it back in and see if you're a business. What Exactly. So he tell, he told me like, oh yeah, no, you need A-U-R-L-A website and then you need emails from that website and all of your employees need to have emails from that website. So you have the same email so they can verify it's all from the same yada yada. I don't have a website, I don't have an email like that. I, he said, oh, but according to your Dunn's number, you're like the sole proprietor of your business, right?

(8m 53s):
Okay. So all you need to do is put your name as a secondary contact, but just change the spelling of your name. So you get around their auto system that says you can't put in your own name. And he said that's how it works. If you're like the sole proprietor of your own business. Is this smart multiplier? Yes. I'm Hello everybody. I'm smart multiplier. Oh man. So yeah, it's, what the fuck? That is all true. I don't know what in the world that's about, but everything on the business side of Apple seems like the most convoluted thing possible. It's not easy, it's not simple. Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave about it, I swear because holy shit.

(9m 35s):
I just want it to be able to automatically say, Hey, this is a new computer. Set it up automatically as soon as I plug into the internet. Which is a cool feature, but I can't have it 'cause I'm not a real business. That's Fun. Yeah, Very fun. Very fun. But I just got an email this morning that said they needed to call me. And I'm like, oh boy. I wrote, I wrote down a point for you and it's a joke and I just want to throw this out there. Mark, are you sure you got the right number? Did you get a DUNS number or a done number? Right? Because like you're done, you finished concluded Or a dunks number 'cause you failed. Oh, that's actually even better.

(10m 16s):
I yeah, I thought you were going for that. The dunk. But either one. Yeah, dunks was the low hanging fruit, to be fair. That's great. I love how easy it is to just buy and use their products. Yeah, it makes, it just works and everything makes sense. I have, I'm in, I'm in the midst of a, not dissimilar but like a relatable experience to that. I bought a thing, it came, it didn't work. And I went to the dude do the online return And it was like, oh, just bring it into a store. And they sent me an email and that was like, here, just bring it into the store. Here's the number you need. And I brought it into the store and the guy at the store was like, oh, did you use your phone number when you bought this? And I was like, I, I don't, I think so I bought it through your website.

(10m 58s):
It's not like I bought it from, he's like, Ooh, there's no, your phone number's not coming up. Like, well, okay, I'm holding the thing here. Can you just take it and give me a refund? Like, no, no. Like, well I have an email that says bring it to any store and they'll do the return and I'll or exchange. I'll exchange it. I don't even care. And he was like, I can't help you that you're gonna have to go back to the internet. And I like, I stood there and looked at him and I was like, your company says, and then you says, do I just own this broken thing now forever? Like what? I went to another store yesterday and the guy literally while I were doing the transaction, the guy at the store was like, you said you tried doing this before.

(11m 40s):
What store did you go to? And I was like, oh, over in this, the other place that store. And he was like, who did you work with? I was like, I don't know, like medium tall guy, like shaved head goatee. And he looked at me and was like, that makes sense, that makes sense. He's so stupid. I'm so sorry. And then he just did the return for me. 'cause apparently the guy I went to the store to talk to just didn't know how to do it. Ah. Oh interesting. But anyway, that's a little bit different. But when, when the company tells you conflicting things like that or deletes your account repeatedly, I don't understand. I don't understand. Thankfully it wasn't my normal account.

(12m 20s):
It was account that I made specifically for signing up for this. Jesus. They just delete your main personal app. God man, delete your And your, all of your Apple. Everything is just like, oh, you don't have an account. Turns out I'm not a computer anymore. You're surprisingly chill about it. This sounds like the kind of thing that would make my head explode a little bit. Well It's not essential, right? That's the thing. It's just for convenience to save time. But at this point, like I wouldn't, I'm, I'm losing so much more time trying to get this to work than if I would just to each individually take, 'cause these are to test out for my render farm, right? To see if I can save power. And I was like, oh, if I just plug them, there's a way you can plug 'em in the internet.

(13m 1s):
It'll automatically set it up with all the programs. It'll install everything that's perfect for be so nice Because if you, That'd be so nice. And I was like, that'd save time. Whereas it takes like 10, 15 minutes to set up each one and I'm like over, over a few it adds up. And I'm like, but now, now I just like, ah, I'm not even gonna bother. That's sad. They'll Be upset when they hear that I'm complaining onto this podcast. They'll come crawling back. This isn't a real podcast. They're not gonna care. Tim Apple will be rolling over in his infrared exposure chamber. We don't have a Brooks and Dunns number. We could Do you want one? Do we need one? Can we get one just in case? Oh, the benefits. We Should do an episode where all we try to do is set up an Apple store Successfully create an account with Apple Business.

(13m 49s):
I bet you guys would be able to go through just fine it just for some reason. Yeah, well it takes three seconds. Well, I don't spell very good. So every time I type my name in it'll be a little different. I'll just accidentally circumvent their random security. Easy peasy. Are you Barb Marks skin? No, I'm Bob Milks. Skins. Oh, I do things too, by the way. My dad is rumble Milks. Skins. Yeah. What's up with you Wayne Animorphs? What are you doing? Finished it. Done. I started reading another book I've now forgotten the name of. 'cause I just started it and I've not read it for two days. But Easter happened. My nephews came over and I played basketball for like two and a half hours. I got a little sunburnt, you can't tell, I drown myself in aloe cream or whatever.

(14m 31s):
But got a little sunburnt playing basketball, boy oh boy. Feeling it today. Pain. Need to exercise more than just three times a year. I'm learning Four times a year minimum. Yeah. I, I really go for the minimum. But this week I guess marks the 20th anniversary, I think of Star Wars episode three, revenge of the Fifth coming out. So it's going back into theaters or at least some select theaters. So I'm gonna go see that again with my nephews, which is a little strange to go see a movie that's 20 years old in theaters. But I'm kind of excited for it for whatever reason. It's just something about the theatrical experience of like the Star Wars blaring intro that just like is super hype. I'm excited to do that.

(15m 12s):
But I wanna talk about, I don't wanna go into major spoilers here, but the last of us, part two came out a while ago, right? And last of a season two is coming out on HBO right now, or a max or whatever. Boy. Oh boy. Did they pick a doozy of an episode to release on Easter? The, I feel like the holiday, the vibe of Easter is usually relatively chill, at least in my family. I Feel like the actual celebrations of Easter are pretty lighthearted. I agree with that. Yeah. It's like go hunt eggs, have a basket of candy And it, and then I was went to relax Sunday night. I was like, oh, the last of us episode twos out. I was annihilated at the end of Easter and I was like, man, why did they pick today for this episode?

(15m 53s):
So my gripe is not even with the content of the episode. 'cause like I kind of knew what was happening. But Easter In that octave, in that octave Easter, that's all. I just wanted to get that out. I I have no idea. I I haven't been watching, so I, I don't know. Yeah, I I I like to just wait and then binge them more. So I haven't, so I, I have been dodging spoilers like I'm playing dodge ball against the Purple Cobras. But I did see a lot of people desperately upset about the episode that came out on Easter. Well, I, I played part two and I, the only reason I'm watching it as it comes out is 'cause like, I'm not so worried about big spoilers.

(16m 34s):
It's so much as like, I don't wanna be spoiled on things that they might have changed from the game to the show. Notoriously, if you go to like, 'cause I think I show, I tweet about the podcast, right? Like I'll go next or Twitter tweet about the podcast or do whatever notorious before I go on there. The number one recommended thing is the most thing I don't want to see every time. So like, if I go on there, I'm like, All right, don't wanna read. And then the first line is like, Hey, did you hear the last of us this happened? And it's like, why is this the one post that I see you are a recommended post? I was like, no, that's the opposite. I want, why is this what I get? Just don't even go. Don't even go. Yeah. I just, I just post two social media from other apps using the share function on my phone.

(17m 14s):
You don't have to open it. Hi, I'm Wade. I didn't know that existed. It's a thing per, per usual for me. That's not surprising to me in the least. I, speaking of dodging social media, I did a, I did a redesign on my phone recently where I, instead of, you know, iPhones traditionally you just have like a whole fuck of apps and it's just apps, apps, apps. There's like nine pages of apps on your phone. I hate that. I've always hated that. I've always thought that was incredibly stupid. I went in and redesigned so that all I have is like widgets. This is like my main home screen. And then I have one page where it's like apps I use multiple times a day on this page. No social media, no anything.

(17m 55s):
It's all like utility stuff. So if I want to open an app, I actually have to do the thing where you like pull down and start typing to pull up an app specifically by name. It's kind of changed my whole relationship with my phone. I don't just, 'cause I literally, I didn't realize it if when I used to pick up my phone TikTok when, and whatever social media wasn't like I had 'em in a folder and they were not in like the first place I would look, but I'd pick up my phone, look at my to-do list or whatever. And then instinctively just like tap, tap TikTok. And now that there's, I have to start typing to do it. There's enough of a thing where multiple times in the last week I've picked up my phone, done what I was meaning to do and then in the middle of typing the word TikTok been like, oh, why the fuck Yeah.

(18m 38s):
And then put my phone down. It's like just enough where it's like I've dodged so many hours of extra social media bullshit. It's been awesome. It's been so good. There's an app that also does that kind of thing. I forget what it's called, but whenever you click on any other app like that you define it'll, instead of that it'll open a screen or, or maybe that's how it works. It, it opens a full page screen that's like, are you sure you want to do this? And there's a five second timer before you can do it. I didn't try it, but I hear that's also effective. Yeah, no, I looked into a bunch of that. There's a couple apps called like, like dumb phone and blank space where they're designed to like turn your phone into like those minimalist e ink phone where it's all doesn't have any that, that sort of stuff.

(19m 22s):
And they have, yeah, I just eventually I was just like, I like I need the minimum effective threshold. 'cause I don't want my phone to actually be a pain in the ass to use, but I need it to be just, just enough where it's like if I have to do something, I can still do it, but if I don't have to do something, it's like, why would I do that? I need the web B browser works. It's worked surprisingly well. I'm shocked. I find that I've got six tabs of ESPN and like four of Twitter sometimes open on my computer. Why would you need so many Twitters? Sometimes you're just like browsing and like, I don't know, I'll mindlessly be like reading the PN article that I'll hit the little plus and be like, what am I, what am I doing? Let me social media, like I it's like you're saying it's like I'll be thinking about something.

(20m 3s):
It's like I'll be thinking about the ES ESPN article I just read or I'll be thinking about like, oh the Bengals draft is this week, which it is. Why am I on Twitter again? No open tab. And it was like, I've got 10 tabs open and they're all ESPN or Twitter. It's not good. I just don't do that. Yeah, that's all you gotta do is not do that. I'm feeling a little, oh Bob, I'm glad that you have a way to not go on TikTok. Wade. You fucking idiot. Why are you on Twitter? Are you piece of shit? I'm Not competing against Bob. I'm trying to get him on my side. I'm competing against you. A ask kissing points for Mark. Oh shit, I forgot we're doing an episode. No, but honestly I did the, this whole thing, I was like, this isn't gonna work. This is gonna be really stupid. Absolutely shocked at how effective it has been.

(20m 44s):
And it's a very meaningless change. 'cause my phone still does all the exact same shit. I didn't uninstall anything. I, it's just like the app isn't where I can touch it in half a second. Totally dodges my mind. I move on to the next a DD thing and I've been reading a lot more books beginning into books. Books are good for you. Sci-fi books are delightful and don't make me feel like the world is collapsing around me 24 7. It's amazing how social media does that. It's It's great. It's a feature. Yeah, actually it is a feature. It's a feature, not a bug. And even, yeah, like you were saying, even though that might be true, I, I do still read news.

(21m 25s):
I just choose to go and read news and like consciously do it so that I'm aware of stuff, but I'm not just scrolling on Twitter and being like, oh look who said what. Oh God, it's, He said, what If presidents hate this one trick? Well I have to read that. Any you good for you Wade. Good job buddy. You should read that book. Love that book. People, people were, I, I forget if you're reading the one that you talked about, but people on the Sub rite were pretty jazzed about some book that you mentioned. The winds of something Wind. Yeah, the Winds a Wind. Something Wind. Love the book. The Wind Blows in the Castle.

(22m 5s):
The Name of the wind. I just started The name of the Wind. Yeah, that's the one. That's what I was saying. Basically people were pretty jazzed about that book. People seem to think that's a good one. I just started it. I'm like two or three chapters in. It does not read as fast as the anamorphic books. Turns out a book not made for someone who's 13 reads a little bit slower, but I'm enjoying It. Good. Small talk boys. Well done guys. All right, let's pack it in. That's everything I had for today and it's gonna be a little bit of a short one. No, We've decided to cut all of our episode times in a third, which Is gonna be released in five parts over the next three days. Look forward to that Spamming Your feed.

(22m 43s):
This episode is brought to you by Uber. You know that feeling when someone shows up for you just when you need it most. That's what Uber is all about. Like when Wade's house was flooding and falling to pieces all around him and you showed up just when he needed you to so you could film it and exploit it for views on the internet. No, Whatever it is, big or small, Uber is on the way. So you can be on yours, Uber, on our way to your house, Wade.

(23m 13s):
This episode of Distractible is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of the sauces. It's sauce. I like sauce, I get chicken, I put sauce on chicken. I like sauce on chicken sauce goes on Chicken new Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for Dip only at McDonald's.

(23m 49s):
This episode is brought to you by Vitamin Water. Living in a big city like Cincinnati has challenges. That's so big man. LA's big like Cincinnati, thankfully. Vitamin Water's new, zero sugar flavors like Rehydrate, pineapple Passion, fruit Squeezed lemonade and Triple X acai, blueberry pomegranate are packed with essential vitamins for when you're traveling across that big city. So Whatever the reason, grab a vitamin water today. Copyright 2025 glass. So Vitamin Water is a registered trademark of glass.

(24m 17s):
So No I have a, I have a, I don't think we've done this now. I'm now I'm paranoid. I don't think we've done this but we're back on. We're back in the realm of, we almost had a repeat 'cause Mark's episode was the perfect crime and previously we had done perfect crime. They're totally different episode concepts but that doesn't seem to make a difference to anyone online. That was so Funny because everyone on the sub, it was just like, oh, Mark's so embarrassed. Oh he messed up. Oh he did it finally. And I'm like, I didn't even notice I wasn't paying attention. I go to the sub like, oh he changed it at 2:00 AM He is like, you think I was up at 2:00 AM looking at when this came out?

(25m 1s):
No. Also, yeah, they're fundamentally, I don't even remember what the original Perfect crime was about. The original one was like, we just were describing how we would get away with crimes in like a completely make it up as you go. Like there was no structure, it was just kind of bullshitting. It was fun People, people were like, that's one of my favorite episodes. And I was like, I have not thought about that episode in three and a half years. I don't Even, I could see that. Okay, I could see how people might think that that was similar but no also, But honestly your your idea is different. Like not kind of different straight up, different straight up but different ideas. It's Like how we're no longer young is different than we're getting older. I'm not as young as I was just now. Oh, when we were younger than here in the present.

(25m 44s):
I don't know why. I feel like I just heard Ethan's voice come out of here now your mouth. Oh, when we were younger than here. But yeah, I have an idea and we probably haven't done it. What we're gonna be doing is, well I will be honest, this is inspired by a Wade episode. But we're gonna be looking at groups of like characters, Greek gods characters for movies like The Avengers or the Fellowship of the Ring. And we're gonna be assigning while you are gonna be assigning each of us to which character in those groups you think we best match up with. Some of these groups we might, might not be completely familiar with and I will try and give you like summaries of who's in the groups and whatever.

(26m 29s):
But we haven't done this right? Not that I recall it. It doesn't seem familiar. But also I didn't catch exactly what we're supposed to do. So For some reason I was thinking about the Bear and Stain Bears when you said this. I don't know why, but I was like, I don't know Bear or Stain Wade's idea that I'm stealing was like remember we did like which Dog Breed is Am am IM Mu? Which which insect? Oh we did that. It's called Dog Small Dog Energy or whatever. Gotcha. I gotcha. I got you. This is like, which of the Avengers do you think each of us is? And then you both sort of make your, your choices and then I have choices and somehow that nets you points.

(27m 10s):
I mean the points don't matter. It's not like that's, but we're just gonna go and you guys, if you have specific groups you want to get to or you think that would be fun that I don't get to, you can even recommend them. It's that kind of thing. But I have a whole list of groups that I wanna, and we'll start Easy. The Avengers, everybody knows the Avengers, Marvel's Avengers. Yeah. Who am we of them? And it can be off the cuff. Would you like a summary of who The Avengers is? No, We all know we don't need a summary. I Mean it would be embarrassing if you needed that. Well, hold on, let me, are we starting with the original cast? Like the, you know, phase one Avengers? Are we talking like the current, because I don't know who even is a part of it right now.

(27m 52s):
You know what? It can be anyone. I don't wanna clamp this down too hard. If you have people you like, they're obscure Avengers, they're new ones. Whatever. If or if you wanna stick to the original comic books, I'm open to it. I just wanna know what you think. Mostly of me. I don't really care what you think of each other. I get from you. Not current Mark Ruffalo Hulk, but Edward Norton, Hulk the Superior. Hulk. The Superior Hulk Indeed, yes. Oh, I love, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, that's, that's exactly what I was thinking. Nice. He's probably the best Hulk there's been. Yeah. Ever Can Mark, mark get some Doctor strange vibes? Oh, I thought it was just about Bob here.

(28m 32s):
No, No. Well we're it's all of us. We're doing it. You're doing us. You're the one kissing up the Bob. I'm the one playing the game. Mark's trying to win and Wade's just here to have fun. Wait, Which one? Which Avengers? Bald. Bald. Oh, Nick Fury. Oh, okay. See that was between me. My first two thoughts were Thor because I'm like the pretty one, the long flowing blonde hair. Yeah. Or I was kind of like Hulked, but I was like, you know, I think maybe the Hulk fits Bob a bit more like the quiet one who like whatever he does finally Rage and break is the scariest of us. I like to view myself as Smart. Hulk Civil War, post Civil War Hulk, but played by Edward Norton. I like that combo. All right. I actually do have to pull up a list of the Avengers because I don't even remember.

(29m 13s):
It's been a while since I watched any, any of those. I, I mean you can do it or I can, Mark's gotta have I I get Dr. Strange or Tony Stark vibes. Well this says one of the founding members of the Avengers was Wasp, like Aunt Man Wasp. Yeah, aunt Man Wasp. Right? She, she joined in the relatively early and I wouldn't say original OG in the movies then. But Also one of the founding members is Antman slash giant Man slash yellow Jacket slash goliath slash wasp. What the fuck does that mean? Ooh. Are those all the same people in some version of this? I'll be talking in terms of movies 'cause Wade don't know comics. They're swordsman. Wade. You're swordsman.

(29m 54s):
All right. There's just some Hero named Swordsman. I just, I have a sword to fight with. It is that like Hawkeye but with a sword. He's like, he's like Hodo. That's all he says. People look at like, wait, what does that guy do? And he's like, swords man. Swords man. Swords man. Swordsman. Are any of us Black Widow? I wish. I Wish There's Black Knight, there's Mantis, which is the one from Guardians two gun kid who wants to be the two gun kid? I'm already swords man. I can't, I can't use guns. How many toes does he have? Oh man, you find out toes.

(30m 35s):
That's not on the Wikipedia. I'm sorry. Gotta Go to the Wiki. Foot. Foot Wiki. Wiki feet. Wiki feet. That's the one. Can I pull off a Captain America? Just because just the version of him that does like the terrible commercials where he sits on the chair? Yes. Oh, like old Cap? No, no where? Where he like sits on the chair. Like he sits off right to the kids. Yeah. So you thought going to war was a good idea. So you think dropping atomic bombs on Japan was a mistake, huh? Well let me tell you. So you think not using a turn signal makes you look cool? Wiping. That's for communists. I remember When he said, All right, so I'm, I'm Edward Norton, Hulk Marcus, Dr.

(31m 16s):
Strange and Wade is lame Commercial Captain America specifically just that version Or swordsman Or swordsman. I don't even, I gotta look up who swordsman is. It's the two gun kid. Really? Really think that's the Thing. He's, he's one of the earlier members. 1970s. Oh he's a recruit, not a founding member, but he was recruited along with Black Widow Mantis. It's the two gun kid. Beast. Moon, dragon. I missed Moon. Moon Hellcat. I feel like there are some serious awesome heroes that they really missed out on the movie stuff with these. I did not expect to see Quicksilver or Hercules here. Dude, Hercules, does he sing it Based on his biceps?

(31m 58s):
It looks like he went the Distance Mark. I think you kind of are a two gun kid. This, the description I have is he's a really unique case because while most Avengers are tech geniuses or aliens or super soldiers, the two gun kid is basically just a really brave cowboy. And somehow that's enough. Yeah. You he, yeah. Yeah. I love that. Where he just, He is got 2 22 pistols that are guaranteed to have bullets that stick to the barrel. Oh yeah. 22 LR is so naturally sticky. Bang. Oh, dammit. Click, click, click. I got my second gun here.

(32m 39s):
Ping. Oh shit. That's what I gotta have to Well while you're firing the one, one time you're cleaning the other one. So it's ready to go. One more time. Well We solved it. Great episode. So those are our roles in the event. I feel like I came out on top there. I mean Hulk is pretty awesome. I feel like mine was the least connected to me. Oh come on. Sword man. Sword swordsman. He's a cool mustache. You have a cool mustache. Yeah, It looks like I do. 'cause the rest of my beard is disappearing before your eyes. But the mustache Is, it's still a mustache even though if, if you have other beard. Yeah, I'm just saying it's pronounced 'cause it's still dark. Sometimes I look at my own face and I've, I've, you know, I've had stubble for so long, but occasionally I'll notice just how defined my mustache is and how downturned like handlebar style it is.

(33m 26s):
And so occasionally I'm just like, wow. I actually do just straight up have a mustache. So I don't think about it though. Dude, if you ever go, if you ever wanna transition back to clean shaven or if you have to do that for whatever, you should definitely just go with mustache for a minute. Just get down to the mustache and see how that looks. Just for a minute. Just a little bit. I Have with like shorter stubble mustache. I should just grow all of it out and then get big bushy mustache because the rest of it's pretty patchy. But this has always been solid up here. I want to perfectly shave all of the gray beard out and just see the weird pattern of like dark that's left. You get some gray dissolving fluid And It only Leaves the dark hair.

(34m 10s):
All right. I Like it. Lashes of hair here and there. It's like, ah. There's a dark one. That's a keeper. It's like gold member. That's a keeper. Oh yes. That's nice. Yes. Weren't they gonna make another one of those? I don't know. I've had a weird YouTube's algorithm has decided that gold, that Austin Powers is what I want in my life right now. I've had a weird amount of Austin Power's recommendations in the last like two or three weeks. Yeah, those recommendations are sticky as hell. It just really latches on. I Don't know why, but Austin Power's been all over my timeline lately. Maybe it's 'cause Mike Myers is kinda like back a bit 'cause he's been doing some SNL stuff. I don't know, but like I just feel like Those movies are kind of out of their era. We should be. Which Austin Powers character are we?

(34m 51s):
That is not on my list, but I'm into it. Dr. Ald. Dr. Ald And then Mark could be mini me, But that means that could also be Mr. Beagles Worth whatever the fuck his name was. The Little cat. 'cause he also loses his hair. Yeah. Any bald character you have claim over. Right. Dibs odd. Anyone but Fat Bastard. I can't do a Scottish accent. That's the only reason. Well, Mark does a great Scottish accent. There we go. That's your fit. You're gonna need to gain some weight, but it'll work. And I gotta look up a list of Austin Powers characters. Mark. You could be the fem bots. I, I'll take it. Your sticky 22 nipples.

(35m 32s):
I Forgot about Fook Me. Fook me and Fook you. Yeah, exactly. Oh, it was different times back then. I kinda wanna be Basel. I'm just like there and try to be helpful, but really all I do is give you shitty coffee. You know what I always forget about it comes back around number two, young. Number two is played by Rob Lowe. That's so funny. I don't think that ever clicked in my head. A lot of vagina. I forgot about a lot of Vagina. Oh yeah. Foxy Ple. Foxy Cleopatra. Beyonce's character. I liked the gold member universe where it was like Tom Cruise and John Travolta and stuff playing the characters.

(36m 12s):
I'm from Holland. Isn't that weird? Different times. Different times. Wait, so who are we? Are we committing to this? I don't know. I'll, I'll be a lot of vagina. All right Wade, are you Dr. Bald? I think I'm less Dr. Evil and I'm more like his son Scotty. But it's like Seth Green's character, but only at the very end where he goes crazy and loses his hair. Think I'm him. Whenever he finally loses his hair, I can see that I'm Dutch, so I guess that makes me gold member. An OID box with some skin flakes in it. Yeah. Does is that scabs or is that Skin flakes? What's the deal with that? Exactly. Some things I don't like to think too deeply about. And this is one of them. He ate 'em like potato chips.

(36m 53s):
Yeah, well that's why he had the box. He is trying really hard not to eat 'em like potato chips. But it's, it's hard, you know? Plus when you age 'em in the box just right. A Little bit of canola oil. You okay Mark? Yeah, I'm fine. You know when you just remember something from your past and you just cringe inwardly? Yeah, I just had one of those. Oh well how embarrassing. High school. Ugh. What a time. Alright, new group, new vibe. Same us Toy Story Gang Whot is whom? And the gang expands a lot. Mine always, my vision of it is always from the first movie where it's like the core characters that live in Andy's room. But you can include anyone. Okay.

(37m 33s):
Wades Wade's. Mr. Potato Head. That's obvious. Yeah. Yeah. It's outta the T-Rex. It could be Ham. Which One's Ham is Ham? The Wiener dog. The Piggy bank. Ham Piggy Bank. Yeah. I wanna be the Wiener dog or the T-Rex. But I might be more ham or That's Well, and that's the one that's voiced by John Ratcliffe. Right? Who's in every Disney movie in existence or whatever. You got it. Brandy? Me. Not that guy. Bob, you're Andy Wade. You're Andy's mom. Why is Wade my mom? Yeah, He's older. I Like six months. He is older. I like that. I like that. That's good. Simple. Straight to the point. Wait, does that make Mark the, what's the kid that like tortures the toys?

(38m 16s):
Sid. Sid. Sid. Yeah. That'll be Sid. I'd be Sid. I was gonna say you were Buzz. Yeah. I forget that Slinky dog was played by Jim Varney. You remember Jim Varney? Oh yeah. Not by name. Malcolm. You would, Ernest seems a hundred percent like a thing you would love and remember, remember so fondly. Oh, Oh, oh. Is that who that is? Jim Varney is Earnest. Yeah. Okay. I know the movie's Earnest, like Earnest goes to camp and Earnest changes the trash or whatever, but I'm not Earnest gets a haircut. Yeah, all that stuff. I always slinky. I'll be the wiener dog. That honestly fits pretty good. It does. If you want to know all the earnest movies, it's Ernest goes to camp, Ernest saves Christmas, Ernest goes to jail.

(38m 58s):
Ernest scared stupid. Ernest Greatest Hits. Ernest Rides again. Ernest goes to school, Ernest goes to Africa. Didn't know about that one. And then unfortunately he passed away. I can only imagine the kind of culturally sensitive and to very appropriate jokes that are in the movie. Earnest goes to Africa. Actually, I don't know that much about those movies. I just have this vision of them making generally really off color jokes that wouldn't hold up. Is that fair or is that unfair? I have no idea. It's also like in the same era when they made a Jungle two Jungle or like Ace Ventura when Nature Calls, there was this era of movies in the nineties where they were in Where Africa. Funny that for some reason everyone was like, Hey, I've seen Africa.

(39m 43s):
Mark is stinky. Pete, I'm changing my vote. Stinky Feet. Stinky Pete. That's like the prospector guy from like Toy Story two. The one that's voiced by the guy who plays Frazier. It's his name Kelsey Grammer. That's the guy. Oh, here's some earnest history for anyone that cares. Earnest was in 10 movies, nine of which were earnest movies. And the full list that I didn't list was in order. Goes to camp Safe Christmas goes to jail, scared stupid rides again, goes to school drunk. No slam dunk. Ernest Drunk. Drunk. Ernest. Ernest drunk Ernest goes to school. I remember that one Goes to Africa. Ernest in the Army was the last one before he passed away. But he started off in a ca unnamed cameo in the movie Dr.

(40m 27s):
Otto. And the Riddle of the Gloom Beam. Oh, Gloom beam riddle. I remember that. It's the classic riddle. I love that movie. Apparently is one of, one of his disguises or something like that. I, I have no idea. I don't know. That's about as well thought out and planned preplanned as the, some of the SNL movies that took place. The image, if you look up the movie Dr. Otto, in the riddle of the gloom beam, like the cover art looks like a Jim Carrey face. Oh that is a Jim Carrey face. Wait a minute now. Like I feel like without makeup, Jim Carrey could make that face. Oh, I was looking at a completely different thing. Oh, Were you the one where he is just sort of smiling real big?

(41m 9s):
No. Yeah, I was looking at the film reel. No, that's a, that's just a Jim Carrey face. Did Jim Carrey rip that off from him or vice versa? I don't know. Also, could I just say that it only has a five out of 10 on IMDB, but the Google ratings for Dr. Otto in the briddle of the gloom beam is 76% positive. That's really something Man. That was almost a million dollar film. $800,000 to make Dr. Otto, Have you read the description of the movie? I'm trying not to. Oh, okay. I won't read it out loud then. Wait, what? Hang on. No, we should read that. The first five words really got me. Dr. Otto grows a hand out of his head as he conjures a plan to take over the world.

(41m 52s):
Scott Staling, I'm sorry. Lance Sterling attempts to capture the mad scientist who continuously evades capture with his appearance altering device. His first target is Cincinnati, Ohio. Oh, what? Oh no. Wait a minute. Contra Toronto's first target is Cincinnati, Ohio. It all makes sense. We would naturally be the first target. Why does he have a hand on top of his head? That's just what happens sometimes. Oh man. Alright. In that universe, I'm the hand I'd like to be the changing golfing. It wasn't even shot in Cincinnati. His first target was Cincinnati, but it was mainly shot in Tennessee. Come on. This Is ridiculous.

(42m 32s):
Tennessee has about the same amount of letters as Cincinnati probably. Can I be laughing? Jack o Cockney the pirate captain. Is that a thing in the movie? That's a thing in the movie, yeah. Yeah. During his adventure he goes to multiple different locations. He goes on like this horror expedition and this big fantasy expedition. And then finally he goes on an adventure before he realizes that he wants all three things and he has to return the books to the library before he goes back to his tree house. Mm. No, I think that's something else. Yeah. No you're wrong. Oh, you're right. That's page master. I really like the, the credits for Drdo. Jim Varney plays Dr. Otto Rudd, laughing Jack, so on, so on. Other people play Lance Jackie Welsh plays Doris and Glenn Patak plays Otto's head hand.

(43m 18s):
Does it have a voice line or something? I'm assuming it's just a hand. It's like a practical hand on top of his head And it does things. Oh, There's just a guy with his hand on Jim Barardi's head being all Oh no, on a hand. Whoa. I dunno. It's a tough performance. How do you, how do you convey emotions as a hand? It's complicated. Back to small talk moments that just came to mind. Did you guys see Paul Rudd reprising the role of Paul Rudd for Super Nintendo Switch Two or whatever the hell it's called. Hmm. Back when Super Nintendo came out, Paul Rudd, the actor did the commercial and he is like playing the Super Nintendo. He is got like long dark hair. So the Switch two got announced and Paul Rudds reprising his role in the commercial.

(44m 2s):
But like 30 years later or whatever, it's, it is an interesting look for him. One of those nineties looks that make us go, were the nineties good? The nineties are an enigma. Just a complete mystery. I feel like in the two thousands, we referenced the nineties, but like nowadays the two thousands, 2000 tens, I don't feel like they get referenced as much as the 90, the nine. Maybe it's just our generation or something, but like the nineties feels like a period of time that people talk about and then everything after is kinda like, eh. It's just, I think even We've discussed why the nineties were just such a transformative time. Not in like the greatest way ever. Like it was the best era. It's just like so many things were happening all at once. You know, internet was rising in popularity. You know, TVs and video game consoles were all switching.

(44m 44s):
Technology was like shift, not just like evolving. It was changing type every few years. And then early 2000 is when it started to like solidify In those commercials. I'm Paul Redds necklace. Okay. Okay. I just wanna keep playing the game. Good job. Thank you for circling us back to the game. The Scooby Do gang. This is a much more defined cast of characters And it can conclude, it can include ancillary characters or villains. If you know enough about Scooby Doo to know any specific villains you like. But who are we among the Scooby Doo game? Tell Me Shaggy, but like three months sober from whatever he's on. Oh you, Yeah. From whatever he's on. I could tell you what he's on More than Scooby snacks, man.

(45m 27s):
Shaggy. But he's not cool anymore. What are we, I mean, you have to be Fred, right? Mark? I mean, why Do I have to be Fred? You are Fred. You're, you're the leader and you're the only one of us who could wear a Nasco. You're I wanna be Velma. Well you got Velma 'cause you got the glasses and you're wearing orange. So Yeah, you're Basically, I mean, yeah, I'm Velma colored. Basically. Can we be a Scooby-Doo villain? Can I be minor 49 er Wait, Is that a specific villain that exists to it? I just Really like the image that came up for minor 49 ERs. Yeah. List of all monsters and villains and Scooby-Doo from the Scooby-Doo Wiki. Holy shit, there's so many. This show's gone on for decades in different formats and stuff.

(46m 10s):
Bob, I think you're Scooby. I think you are Scooby dude. Bob Mummy of Anka Red Be's Ghost Snow Ghost Headless Specter Witch Doctor. Werewolf Wax. Phantom Shark Men. Shark Men. Shark Man. Ghost Of Bigfoot. When did he die? What a deep cut. You're out in the Pacific Northwest. You're like, man, I hope we see Bigfoot, you know, and the ghost of Bigfoot walks by. I wanna be all of the hex girls. What is that From the movie Scooby Doo in the something island. There's like a band of witches called the Hex Girls and their song is like, we are the Hex Girls. Oh, I remember them. Yeah. That was one of the Scooby-Doo movies that was like on TV a lot.

(46m 50s):
Mm. The Thousand Volt Ghost Spooky It. It's weird because I see some of these pictures of these monsters and I'm like, oh weird. I remember exactly that episode. That's crazy. The Beast of Bottomless Lake. Oh dude. Scooby-Doo was some awesome shit to grow up with. And The episodes were so short that they just wham wham. Yeah, That was like the, the binging format. Pre streamer days. But when those like half length episodes where it would just play into each other. Into each other, you could watch them endlessly because it felt like it never ended. How many episodes had the bit where they were running through hallways and like opening doors and coming out in places that didn't make sense.

(47m 31s):
I mean every single one wasn't it? Isn't there always some version of the chase scene bit where the music plays and they're running in and out of some setup of doors and shenanigans And they're chasing the monster, the monster's chasing them, they're chasing each other and the monster's watching and yeah, it's Gotta be a slapstick chasing or it's not a Scooby Doo episode. There's tons of comics about it. I didn't even know that. I say Bob is Scooby Marcus, Fred or Daphne and I guess I'll be, no, He is Velma Like his glasses and Orange and huge tits. Dude, you so much porn is made about me. I have to be Velma when people cosplay me, it's always so, so sexy.

(48m 12s):
The only the, the thing I think of when I think of Velma is there's a 3D printing company, I forget who it is, but they do promotions that are just them printing out like the most hyper sexualized figures possible. And the one that stands out to me in my mind is their, their version of Velma. I don't even know if they made it, but they printed it. I guess it's better than busty Scooby or something. But busty Scoo words, I don't care for that. I don't care that you said that out loud. And now I thank God I have a Fantasia. God you can't look up anything about Velma. The internet has completely destroyed. I just looked up 3D printed Velma and it's just, man, I can't share my screen.

(48m 55s):
I'm sorry guys, I just can't. You're right, you can't, you don't have to go into images. It's just the main tab. No, I get it. I get why I'm Velma now. That makes sense. Yeah. Is 3D printed Scooby safe? So he's just like lifting the fur. Stop Sexualizing Scooby. Sorry, let's go back to talking to Velma. Have we solved the mystery? Yeah, we solved it. We're agreeing pretty readily on these. I I'm surprised. I thought there'd be more debate. This is one, I don't know if we're all gonna have the same level of knowledge on, but I think we do. Overwatch, the video game Overwatch cast of it's a hero shooter, cast of characters.

(49m 41s):
Wade's DOOM fist. You know why Bombed? Wait, hold on. Does that make Mark the, Oh wait, no. What's the guy who hears the music of the universe? Gravity douchebag. Isn't he also bald? No, he has hair gravity, Douchebag. I don't know any of the newer characters. Mark's gonna be Torbjorn. Thank you. 'cause short. Nah, the beard. Oh I forgot. He was also really short. That's just a coincidence Because engineer. Ah-huh. Ah yeah. Okay. So we got Ana Ash, Baptiste, Sebastian. There's so many more than I remember there being, there are A lot. There's like almost double from the original, original Group.

(50m 22s):
The new ones that I don't recognize are Sigma Sigma's the guy I was talking about. Gravity. Douche bag. Oh, Risa. Moira. I've seen Echo. I don't know Ash. I think I've seen Bridget. I don't know Baptist, I don't know. Bridget is actually to Bjorn's daughter. She has a, she's kinda like Reinhart Mini. She has a smaller shield and she has a Flay Mace thing. But she's kind of like a Supporty. Tanky. Yeah. She's listed as a healer. But that's interesting. Bob, Are you junk? Are you junk ready? 'cause you like to build things, like you build your own stuff. I build my own stuff. Yeah, you're Into like the woodworking and printing and all that stuff.

(51m 2s):
Now I feel like junk rat's the kinda guy who makes his own things, whereas everyone else kinda like probably gets them on Hero Bay or something. I could see that. It's not like the junk rat character fits you, but it's more so just the vibe of like, I make my own shit. No, I'm very much not the character, but I, I could see what you're getting at. Oh Wait, there's even more. I was not even close. I That was an older list. Yeah, there's, there's a whole, there's new Overwatch, two specific ones. Junker, queen, Maga, wrecking Ball. I've seen the Hamster. What the hell? Sojourn. Who are you people? Venture? Who, who are you people? I actually don't know Venture at all. I have stopped paying attention to this game before Venture came out.

(51m 46s):
I could also be Soldier 76. 'cause old. Yeah. 'cause he's the old guy that's generally, I'm not your father. I remember that was one of his lines. I think people were making fun of the whole like, he's daddy because He's daddy. That's where I used to call him daddy. 76. There Was a whole thing between him and Reaper. Was Reaper the one? 'cause like Reaper was like the hot young guy and Soldier 76 was like the mature daddy guy. Reaper's not young. There were cut scenes where Soldier and Reaper were young together early on in the early days of, of the thing. But I don't know. That's probably wrong. The Lauren Overwatch, I don't Remember they changed McCree's name. I don't remember who he is now.

(52m 26s):
Cassidy, apparently. That's strange. Why, why is he changed? He was named for a person who worked at Blizzard who turned out, I think to be a creep. He was named for a, a real life person who turned out to, I forget exactly, but it might have been sexual allegations or something happened where the person McCree was originally named for. They were just kinda like, ah, nevermind he's somebody else. That sounds correct. I could see Marcus being May that she's like the ice girl. Oh, because she's Asian. I Get it. Yeah, obviously. But also she's a, she's a, she's a tinkerer. She has like her little robot buddy.

(53m 7s):
She's like, she tinkers, She has a server farm. There's a, there's a very long may specific cut scene where she's alone in an isolated base, like in the Arctic. And she like hacks the tech, everything's broken. And she wakes up from Cryosleep and she like hacks the tech and then climbs up onto the antenna in a blizzard. And does, and like she's, she's like a technological tinkerer. May would a May definitely has a server farm somewhere that she uses for her. Okay. All right. That's fair. That's fair. I wanna be widow maker. I remember she had very pronounced as cheeks for whatever reason. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You got that. Well it was more her stance. She had like severe, well it's not spina bifida.

(53m 48s):
I, I say that way too much, but it's severe. What is it called When your, your, your hips are rotate. An anterior tilt anterior. That sounds like a thing. I think it's called sexualized game ass. Anterior pelvic tilt. Also known as the oversexualized game. As game. Yeah. Anterior pelvic tilt. She has severe anterior pelvic tilt. Zenata just like chilled out and juggled balls. Yada is cool. I actually made Zada when I played that game still it doesn't really matter 'cause Overwatch is basically dead. 'cause the Overwatch two came out and it's all stinky. Stinky. But I will close this tab and never reopen it. Goodbye Overwatch characters.

(54m 28s):
Stinky Overwatch. I played a lot of that game. That was the game we played with Mandy's family for a long time. And then Overwatch two came out And it went from six V six to five E five and we were like, well, and then just never touched it ever again. Why'd it go to five V five? Because it's hard to get six people together. But when you have a game out for years and everyone gets used to playing six V six, then you have your six person group that you always play Overwatch with and then suddenly one of you is no longer invited. It's fucking awful. Five V five is like the standard in like popular, especially competitive shooters. Five E five is like the, the standard right? Counterstrikes always been five. E five Rainbow six ages five E five like most team games is five E five.

(55m 12s):
It's very common. Which Is strange 'cause it's got six right in the name. That's true. Rainbow fives does sound really stupid though. What About Rainbow five and a half? How do you get a half person? What's a half person? You just cut 'em. You don't really need your legs to play. So you just cut 'em at the belly button. You keep the top Half. What if you cut down the middle? Would It just be two functional halfs of a person if you cut them long ways? Is that your idea? Yeah, I guess so. It's called the bicameral mind or what If you keep the middle intact but then you like cut shoulder and then a certain amount of leg. It's like a gerrymandered voting district. In American politics. You just cut random shapes out of a person until they're split cut to keep All the useful parts on one side.

(55m 54s):
And the less useful parts on the other One side is just a part that can shit into a toilet and the other side gets everything else that's useful. But somehow it's 50 50. There's no Game of Thrones. Oh Yeah, I know some of the characters. I don't know it. Do you know the characters enough that you could say which ones we are? No, but that makes it more fun. Dibs on not Hodo. I I don't think the names are gonna help you because I, I just did that and I'm looking at the names. I'm like, I don't know any of these guys. You could have said you don't know Game of Thrones. We could. It's fine. No, no, no. This is gonna be, this is gonna be good. People are gonna love it. Mark, you could be viscous tar. Oh my God, my oh my God.

(56m 34s):
Come on. My Arian God or ERUs tar. Jesus. It's like the main family in the show. You can't pronounce it. They say it all the time. What is it? Tarin Arian The Arians were, that's a pretty important name of anyone in the show. Wade. Your grand Maer. Piel. And that's, he's old but it's not an insult because he wants him faking being old people. That's really good. He pretends to be dumb. But everyone knows he is actually competent and smart. He uses it as a smokescreen. That's you a hundred percent. There's a really good deleted seed between Tywin, Lannister and Cel where they're on the beach and Tywyn is straight up.

(57m 16s):
Just like why? Fuck you lie about that. What? Just talk to me like your normal and Empire style is just like, well, okay. And they just have a conversation. It's a really good scene. I I see why they deleted it. It was interesting and developed the characters. We can't have that. Bob, you are the hound. Ooh, I'll take that. That good? That's a good one. I don't know if good is a accurate enough description, but he's a very interesting character is honestly is kind of a shit arc in the whole thing. But Oh, he does some He he has a big, he is one of the characters that has a big transformation and goes through a lot of shit. It's really, he has a really good storyline. Or your, what was his name? It was the, the free folk guy with the big beard and really like the tall woman.

(57m 60s):
Oh, what was his name? Rah Ra Rah rah. Hang on, rah rah rah. What was his name? What was his name? Torment. I like big women. Introduce me to the tall woman. You don't know women. John Snow. Remember that classic line? I know, I know. Game of Thrones stuff. Yeah. Everybody knows Game of Thrones clearly Ignore season eight John Snow. Right? That's what, that's what the two people are saying. What If everyone's a dub of the the show where instead of Winter's coming they just say Season eight's coming. I to think that that was like a bit on set. I like the name Gray Joy.

(58m 40s):
Oh the Gray Joys. They're they're hard to like set of characters but yeah, But their name's just like an oxymoron because you think of Gray is like the meh days outside because it's like, oh it's cloudy, it's a gray day. But you have to compare that with Joy and it's kinda Like, what's his name? Lira Not his name. Her name Lira Gr Greyjoy. Is that one of the characters? She's cool. She's a good Character. That's not on my list, I don't think. I see Uron. Greyjoy and Theon. Greyjoy Uron and Theon. Well, Fiat doesn't suck. Uron sucks. Wait that list of No they have a sister. I mean I believe you just, the list of the cast I have is like a lot of the characters but I don't see that being listed. All right. Wade is Cel. I am the Hound.

(59m 20s):
Who's Mark? I kinda wanna make him John Aaron 'cause he is upside down. But no, I said viscous. Target. Parian. John Mark is the guy who dies before. No, John Aaron's the guy, the head of the king who dies before the show begins. Oh John. John Aaron dies. That's why Barian goes north to get Stark to be the new end of the king. Mark is the guy who dies in the prologue. You know? Why not? Why not? It's one of those castings where it's like, they're like Mark Fishbach is in this production but it's like just to kill him right away to pay him like $15 to show up.

(1h 0m 1s):
John Aaron was said to have been one of the best men. He was a great guy. He was so good that everyone hated him and he got murdered 'cause he was too good. Okay Wade, I know who you are. Okay, you gotta follow me on this one. You are wooden Weg, Huh? You All right? WWE Wound Dar Wound. It's the giant. The giant that was with them. Ooh, the bald giant. Yeah, the bald giant. You remember you couldn't see his baldness 'cause you were looking up at 'em. You know I've Typed Game of Thrones by the GOT Giants and it's just like got Giants and I was like why am I not finding what I'm looking for? Got Got Giants.

(1h 0m 42s):
Yeah, he lived, he lived at Hard Home before John Snow came and they saved some of those people but not very many of them. Commonly referred to by the other free folk as one One. That's a good one. I like that. I like the Giants for Wade in general. 'cause I feel like they, everyone has impression of the Giants in Game of Thrones is that they're kind of like, like Cel. Like everyone thinks they're really simple and stupid and they're just like big dumb giant. But they're actually more interesting and nuanced than that. Maister Lewin and Lord Veris are bald. Did you look up list of Bald Game of Throne? No, I just saw him in that name. I, when Lannister looks old. Yeah, he's pretty old.

(1h 1m 23s):
He is a gray beard. What About Rob Stark? He looks heroic. Can I be him? Oh well yeah, Sure. Why Not? He's probably bald after he gets his head cut off. Isn't this a, doesn't everyone die in this show? Isn't that the whole gimmick of this show is everyone has sex and dies. A lot of them die. Yes. That describes human history though. No one died quite as fast as Mark did though, that's for sure. Alright, well we've, we've done a lot. There was, well there were a few more I was really interested in, but we can call it there anyway. Points in no particular order. Wade, you got points for Ds number the the last of the least of E.

(1h 2m 5s):
What the fuck did I write Something about Easter. That's Pretty good. Yeah. Lame. Captain America, fast Looker, upper Paul Rudd's necklace, busty sc and John Aaron Busty. SC is probably the worst thing I said. Mark, you got points for done number, which is a thing I said I'll take It so much time saved. Kissing my ass. The two gun kid. He's older. The ghost of Bigfoot, the anterior pelvic tilt and weighed as grand meister Piel. Boy for Wade. You didn't wade in that way. You him in the other way in the normal.

(1h 2m 47s):
Like I know maybe bleep those words editors. I don't know. I I, now that I know what I know about the people who watch and listen to this podcast, Great. Now I can't even Google my son without seeing me Busty and 3D printed And I get a point for busty Wade now being a thing on the internet, I will share the screen and we will do the wheels of destiny. Woo-hoo. What are you adding? I'm adding best mental image. Wait, which one was the best mental image of the day? I mean we'll cross that bridge when we get to it, but it was probably, definitely busty sc I don't know if that's the best image. No, he's right. He's Right. Depends what you mean by best, but I'm pretty sure we can all agree it was probably busty sc.

(1h 3m 31s):
Alright, here you go. How many bonus points will there be? Oh, mystical wheel of bonus points. Oh, please give us a good one. Okay, two bonus points. Oh, mystical wheel of bonus points. And tell us the answer. Who gets what and why? It's most self sabotage. Did we have any of that today? We were on our A game here. I don't know if there's really what either of you that clearly did have like a self-sabotage or not. It's interesting because this is the one where we weren't trying to fight for ourselves, we were fighting for each other's ideas or to label each other's System. Yeah. Some idiot came up with an episode idea that had a lot of teamwork in it.

(1h 4m 12s):
Do we agree for a re-roll? Do we wanna just re-roll? That's It would be hard to pick this one. Yeah. All right, let's re-roll. Most callbacks, We've talked about busty sc a lot. I don't think I called him back. You guys called him back more than I did. Do We give credit to the person who created the callback thing or did the callbacks? That's a question. Who called back busty scoop the most? I feel like Wade gets credit For that. Really don't want to be tied to busty scoop. Wait, so honestly it, wait, if I'm gonna say who did the most callbacks every round, Wade at least once picked a character for himself because bald, oh, and I'm gonna say bald is a, there's a definite bald was Yeah, you're right.

(1h 4m 55s):
Callback from Absolutely. And one more spin point Points for solicitor. God damn, I was really excited when the first one wasn't listeners. If you're just like, oh, maybe, maybe this is the one. Shit. Am I allowed to say the word and do the coin thing or I don't think so. If I, if I get the one man show, can I then challenge it and do a coin flip and then each of you has to do a one? Man? All right, fuck. All right. But the final result is Mark has eight points weight as eight points. And the listeners have one point. This seems very fair. What if we use it right now to stop Bob from turning it on us?

(1h 5m 38s):
I'm not gonna what? He's not gonna turn it on us. That's what I think. That's a really, it's a really big trunk. Also. I should probably make it so that I'm not one of the winners, I guess. There we go. Whoa. No, wait a minute. Whoa. Hey listen, it's good. It's good. No, I don't like that very much. 72. Let's stick with 72. Jesus Christ. For anyone who's not watching, I changed the names on the wheel And it went to three equal parts. It's got a lot of ties. The wheels have added a lot of ties to this. Yeah, well the wheels have made it really hard to make sure you manufacture dodging the tie. It's so, it's so awesome. I'm glad we did that to us.

(1h 6m 21s):
Oh no. Oh, okay. Okay. The wheel has spoken. The wheel has spoken. It Didn't even slow down. It was just like, woo. No. Yeah, this isn't as dramatic a wheel, But I won. Yeah, you won With nine points. That Seems like A lot of way. Wait, look how many wade wi, what is that about? This wheel is incredibly fair. There are no bobs, so That's true. I love this wheel. All right. And that was a 20%. So next time is 22% for the poor sucker who accidentally ends in his high. Oh, for no reason whatsoever. One of you is starting with a 10 point lead.

(1h 7m 1s):
Next time I Host FYI. I have to go to a meeting in two minutes. Yeah. Mark, quick loser speech. So I, you know, it's all fair. I don't know who I am. All I know is that I'm leaving this episode knowing with horror that someone's going to make busty scoop. And that is a tragedy that all of us will have to bear. The sins weigh heavy on us all and mostly Wade. Yeah, It's definitely Wade's fault. Good speech. Sorry, Mark Wade, winner speech. You win. Nothing. John Snow. I love this wheel. Great episode. Can't wait for the next one, but I'll have to cope up with the topic for Oh and Mark, you could duck out whatever you need to because I don't need you for the rest of this.

(1h 7m 45s):
Oh, thank you so much for watching and or listening to this show. This has been yet another episode of somebody's favorite podcast. I don't know who the fuck that person is, but honestly I don't really care. And make sure you follow the podcast, follow it on whatever platform you watch on. Don't forget, we have video on Spotify and on YouTube, but you can listen to this podcast on all the other places where podcasts go. And if you follow it, you'll always get a notification when new shows come out. It's every Monday and Friday, but just in case you know you wanna remember, make sure you follow Mark and Mark Ply Wade. Lord Min 7 7 7 or Minion seven. Seven, seven. Me at Meer. Huh? I forgot to turn the camera.

(1h 8m 25s):
Oh, goodbye. We'll see you on the next one where Wade will be hosting because the wheel is always fair. There's nothing more fair than a wheel. That's what I always say. That's all. We're outta here. Have a great life. Love you podcast out.