
It's that time of year everyone's trying to get healthy cardio or weights, shake or smoothie. Tai Chi or Tahitian Kickboxing. That is the sound of decision fatigue people. Luckily, unsweetened Almond Breeze. Almond milk is an easy call with fewer calories than dairy milk, and none of the sugar. It's the obvious choice. Find Almond breeze at your supermarket. One cup of full dairy milk contains 150 calories and 12 grams of sugar versus one cup of almond breeze. Unsweetened Original contains 30 calories and zero grams of sugar.


Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Meredith Mark ales in Amsterdam, a salt. Ethan explains CNC. Construction then asks the big buck questions warmer. Wade plows hard with his powerful tool and is frankly brilliant about his grapefruits. Melding. Bob Fastens, his feathery nest, sees Canadian scrappiness, tubs his tartar and serves Siri Swine from Shakira's Wellbeing to Matt Murdoch. Yes, it's time for Who Want Million. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hello and welcome to Distractible. This is the podcast where we're all friends and we sing and dance together as chums and pals and good people that have known each other a while and hang out regularly and talk and share their feelings. That all sounded right, but somehow it felt wrong. All right, Well, but I'm with you. I do. We dance. Have we ever danced in the same, any, I mean, we've been at weddings I guess and stuff, so we probably danced near each other. Your Well, so, well, I did not Dance. I did not dance in that. Why would you go to that point in the song?


Like why was that Your Well, so Well, because that's the part where we all arm and arm and leg kick. Well, you dancing the whole time and the entire experience is a dance. But that's the part where we're all together And it Oh, I see. All right. He's talking about the You're welcome tour. The thing that only a fraction of you ever saw and no one will ever experience again. Because even if we were to put on another show, we wouldn't remember what we did. Everyone Who watches sees it every episode. Nope. That's just I Art that you've hung on the wall behind you. I'm pretty sure. Oh, it's not even actually hung on the wall. My whole background is ai. I'm in a padded room with white walls. We're like off white. It's like a gray cream.


Okay, good. Gray cream. Anyway, my name is Mark. This is Bob. That's Wade. We are here to bring you entertaining content week after week after week after week after week after week. And what Thanks. Do we Get Thanks, bud. Oh, I meant for, but yeah. Thank that. That Thank you. Thank You. I got this as thanks. Wow. That's incredible. Look, you guys can see me Careful. You're leaking your desktop. Oh well, no, it's just Shakira's Twitter.


She had to cancel the show for the stomach flu a couple days ago, so I was checking it. All right. She's making sure she's okay. I'm making sure she's okay. That's rational. Apparently she performed a show a day after, so I guess she's All right. We got this award. We bump much people, listen to our show and watch our show. 250 million streams, which is impressive. I'm pretty sure these are all watchers. Oh yeah. Absolutely. We Wouldn't get an award for those listeners. No. The listeners, you know, I don't even know why they're still here after all the shit we give them. Thank you listeners. But thank you watchers also. Anyway, what are you guys lives up to?


Well, my life's not doing much without me. I don't know. No, you know what I did do? Did I talk about that? I got more tools lately. No, no, you didn't. It's not Rebi days, but I got some more rebi in my life. Did I talk about my tool? Yeah, I talked about my, my workbench thing. Oh yeah, you did. Okay. No, but I'm stocking it up. I got some other stuff. I got. I got some bins to store my fasteners, which is what cool guys call screws. It's fasteners. I have fasteners A for a variety of fasteners, not just Phillips head ones either. Robertson fasteners, Roberts, Robertson. They're Canadian and they are squares.


You put a square into a square And it fastens. Oh, So you didn't get the Robertson B, you got the Robertson A I also have torques Fasteners. I don't know what I'm going to, you know what I am. I do know what I'm gonna use it for. I'm gonna build cabinets. Guys excited to hear my adventures in the building. Is any of this landing? This, the more I say, the more boring it sounds. Yeah. No, I'm all, I'm all for it. I was just talking about A CNC just before we started recording. I know, but that's cool. I have a, I have a jigsaw. Eh? No, that's cool. That's very cool. Jigsaw. Yeah, like the tricycle and the little cheeks. Sure. And a brad nailer. Ah, little 18 gauge Brad nail. Yeah. Ah, yeah, right. That's most of it.


I don't actually have the, any of the materials yet. I'm not, it's just, you know, feathering my nest, which is what all good work, work woodworkers do before they start actually touching wood or building anything. That's pretty much it. It's gross outside. It's not a lot of snow. Like last time it's just an annoying amount of snow where it's shitty and snowy and it's all already turning into mud. But also it's 12 degrees outside, so it's ice mud now. So fucking thanks Punks. A tawny dick. Yeah, that took Me a second to, I don't know, winter's not even, oh wait, no, it's February. God, it's February already. It's like the end of February. Ooh. This is usually the worst month in Ohio for weather. I was, was hoping we'd get away without one more snow, but of course it had to hit.


And you know what? I also bought what I would consider a power tool that has a battery and a charger. Wow. And it's an electric snow shovel. What brand? What kind? What size, what width? The works works Nitro. 40 volt, 12 inch Works is okay. It was rated the best when I was looking. I don't have strong opinions about works. I've heard, I've heard fine things. 40 volt outdoor tools are What's up though? I listen. It's all about the electric yard tools. Unless you're like a, you know, super serious. There was the, what was the other brand? Green. Green something. Green works. Green works is good shit, man.


Yeah, I heard I, that's what I was originally told, but I was looking at the reviews and the ratings on the green works and there were more complaints and issues with the green works than there were with the works. Maybe this one's Green Works. They just colored it. 'cause it still works, you know, it's supposed to works. It's just regular works. But it hasn't showed up yet. It gets here in a couple days. Oh, thank God. It's here in time for the snow to have been here. Well, yeah, It was more so after the snow. I started bitching about it. People were like, you know, they don't have, I was like, I don't really need a snowblower. I don't wanna have to store gasoline and stuff for a snowblower I'm gonna use once every four years. And they're like, people were like, you know, there's an in-between. I was like, you hire someone with a snowblower? They're like, no, there's an electric shovel.


And I was like, electric shovel. So I looked into it and I was like, you know, you talked me into it. So I had to buy it. All right. Well you'll be prepared for next year, I suppose. Oh, it's still February. There's still time for pain. And usually March or April gives us one more little spit. You just hawk Tua and snow on that thing? Yeah, but we don't rip it off afterward. Ah, What are you ripping Off the snow? You don't rip the snow off. You plow it. What do you Think a hawk Tua does? Dust. It was a crypto joke. Oh, The The alleged rug pool. My guy, Ah, Alleged Rip off. I thought you Were, I understood where both of you were coming from and I loved every second of that.


It was a subtle joke. You don't do that though. You make the joke that's like hanging out there that everyone else is like, ah, I won't do it. And you're like, ah, I'll do it. Someone's got to. That's true. If no one makes the joke, does it even exist? Not technically. Schrodinger's joke. I call those hawking jokes. They have sequels. They could be hawking. Stupid joke. No, nothing else exciting going on in life. This is quite, quite a uneventful. Well we got, I got a snow shovel. I told you Shakira, I had to cancel, you guys remember we had to cancel one of our shows 'cause of illness And then Mark and Ethan weren't sick enough. That was such a funny thing.


Literally Mark was like, guys, I don't know if I can do a show or I have to sing and talk for An an hour. And the doctor, the Dutch doctor came in and was like, he seems fine. What do you mean a need to cancel for health reasons? Thank God the venue had that non partial doctor at the ranch. Yeah, that that really was what it was. So funny. For full context, we were doing a show, I believe in Amsterdam. Yeah, I think it was in Amsterdam. Amsterdam. And so I was sick. Ethan was sick. Horrifically sick voices are gone. So we're like, I don't think we can do this show. I actually, just to prove it, I took a picture of what I had coughed up And it was, it was just like the most horrifying green slime I've ever seen in my life.


Clearly bronchitis or something. Sli similar. And Ethan had the same thing. And I took a picture because I was like, well, I'll show the doctor and he'll prove it. And so they called the doctor in, old doctor with a leather briefcase. You know, like the, the, my tools. He listens to both me and Ethan breathing and when Ethan is breathing there with him, li Li, I can hear his breath rattling outside. I don't need the stethoscope to hear what's going on in his lungs. And I'm like six feet away. And then he takes it off like, sounds fine to me. He just, no, you're good. No, He had a training mannequin and he compared your breathing to the mannequins.


He is like, well you sound better than this guy so clearly you can go on if the mannequin can perform. Yeah. And I remember him asking now in the show, are you doing a lot of talking and singing? And I'm like, that's kind of the whole show. He is like, ah, That's exclusively what we do. Ah, well then just don't do that. You are fine. Just do a show that is improv comedy live on stage where Mark just stands on the side the whole time and doesn't speak or, or do anything. And or Ethan and just me, Wade and Tyler struggling through improv scenes with each other for, that's basically the, what they expected to pay for. Probably, maybe we should have done the show.


It could have been like the Michael Jordan flu game of shows. Maybe you guys would've had your best performance ever. Maybe. Except that one time where I almost passed out in the middle of a dance battle. You remember later on when we were doing later shows, oh, they started going dizzy. Like fuck what? Who got kicked? Didn't Ethan kick somebody or Tyler ended up in a wheelchair in Atlanta. Yeah. He still, he still blames that on me because he, he, we were doing a thing and he stepped on me And it ruined his knee forever and he had to have surgery on it. I don't feel like I did a lot, but I was the thing he stepped on. So I guess it's my fault. That makes sense. Yeah. Have you learned your lesson? I do Remember someone getting kicked, but I don't remember who it was or who did The kicking.


Somebody got like kicked in the face a little bit. I think Ethan got kicked in the face a little bit, but I don't remember why or whom it was something to do with the dance battle. A lot of people. Oh yeah, no I did. I kicked him. Oh, you kicked him? Him in the face. I kicked him right in the face. Yeah. I have a video that's like the thumbnail is the freeze frame of me kicking him in the face. I did that Sad that it happened. Beautiful. That you got it as a thumbnail. Well honestly, it was a soft kick. He barely got kicked in the face. Right. He was fine. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of flailing going on in our dance battles. Not a Even US trained professionals can have some mishaps it seems. But anyway, I saw that Shaki had to cancel for a similar reason. She was in the hospital with like a stomach flu. Apparently the doctor went to the hospital and was like, Hmm, looks like you can perform.


But unfortunately they couldn't fit all 10 million people into her hospital room, so they had to cancel. That just shows that she's a quitter. Yeah, yeah. So are we, Yeah. Well obviously we are, but Oh, Okay. We're in good company here. This isn't a thing that happened to me, but I thought it was very interesting. And Mark, you're on the sports podcast, so this will be appealing to you. The NHL for Nations Face Off has been happening, which is kind of like a cooler version of like an All-star game. Basically this, it's America, Canada, Finland, and Sweden. And they're like national teams, but it's just like a little mini tournament in the middle of the NHL season. And it's cool. It's like all the best players are all playing all on the same.


It's very fun. For no apparent reason, Canada has taken to booing the American national anthem at Oh Wonder at NHL Games. Why is that? And it's inexplicable. And the American, they did that at a, in a game in Canada where it was USA versus Canada. And the USA players didn't take very kindly to that. They were, they stood up for themselves. And this is a first and ever hockey game I've seen that started with three consecutive fights. Literally they lined up at center ice to drop the puck. The ref was all dropped it and guys were just like my turn, boom, fight two seconds off the clock and they lined and fought it out.


And then guys in the penalty box lined up again, another fight, lined up again, another fight after all that America actually went on to win, which is just embarrassing. Isn't hockey can, like Canada's thing. They have other things like mo mooses and hockey, right? Like what goes on up there. Curling. I guess maybe they'll beat us at curling, but I don't know. But what the US won three to one, but that was probably the craziest hockey game I've ever seen. Tensions were a little high, but it was very entertaining. And also a little like the third fight started and everyone was kind of like, it's not fun anymore. It's too much. God Booing the national anthem is kinda like spitting on Jesus when he is still a baby in the crib. Nationalism and God are side by side.


Well, Canada historically has always been our enemy. In fact, our nemesis, I'd say They're pretty hot blooded as a people. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I think that they're both are nemesis and nowhere near equivalent to us. So they're, they're like a non threat. But we should definitely antagonize them at every turn and disparage them. But they're welcome to join us. I don't know that we have anyone in the world we can call friend. I mean, Well if they want to get better at hockey, how we're, we're the one that's better. So they should probably. Anyway, I just thought that was pretty wild. Lots of fighting. Britain Was really rude to us, so we ruined their tea party. So they're not really our friends. Yep.


Enemy Mexico and Canada. A little bit too close for comfort. It's like, give us some space. Yeah, I know, right? Enemies. Now Russia always been friendly. Sarah Palin could see it from her house. Basically a US state, Which is like the right distance to be, you know, good friends. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Gotta be at least a little bit. And I saw a picture recently of Rocky Balboa and Dragon. Dragon man, Drago. Drago Malfoy. Yeah, that's It. Hugging it up, which means that they've made up for their big fight. I loved it in Rocky three when he finally gave Dabi a sock and let him go.


Old bluish Malfoy was like, my son lost at boxing, here's a sock. And Davi was like, oh bye. You know, classics VOR rose from the cauldron and said, if he dies, he dies. He's just on the back of a Vladimir Godwin's head. Yeah. God, I love movies. You can see why you're so passionate about it. Mark, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. The Canada hockey game. How dare they? I don't know anything about that 'cause I don't follow sports, but I do follow CNC Cartoon Network Cartoon. No, that, no, no, not at all. The chair of National Colorados.


I will give someone a point if they can tell me what CNC stands for. And here's the kicker. I don't know what it stands For, so I won't know If You're right. Yeah. Wait, I, I thought I just had a thought. I was like, oh, I know that. Did do I know that? Do I, I don't know. That Computer navigated cutting. That's pretty good. That's Good. Gold needle cutting. Mm. Okay. All right. I'll take it. Let's see, let's see. Actually, what does it stand for? I don't know. What does that stand for? I swear I definitely have heard. I definitely should know that, but I can't remember. Okay, you wanna hear it? It's computer numerical control. Oh. Which I did not know. I did not know that. No, I definitely heard that. It's a point and then forgot it in the I did not.


But cncs are cool because CNCS allow you to, if it's a higher nnc NC allow you to mill metal parts. And so metal parts and metal manufacturing and working with metal is a, I don't know why I keep hitting my desk for this. You're Making the winter soldier. Yes. Yes I am. Thank you for recognizing. Why am I so orange? Hold On. I remember whenever he had his arm handed to him. Yeah, arm. I remember. Arm Metal fabrication is a threshold of production that is hard to meet. It's easy to get tools, not easy, but it's, it's accessible to get tools that can fabricate wood and plastics and you know, other materials that are softer like that.


But once you get into metal, you need higher thresholds of both tooling and accuracy. So nowadays they're starting to be more accessible tree level CNC machines. It's not a five axis machine, but I'm looking at a three axis machine. And it would be really cool to have that because then if, if you ever break anything, like if your brake breaks or you brake handle brakes or any part of your car breaks and you have a big enough CNC for it, you can literally make that part again. What Would the five axis do that the three can't? Obviously it has more axes. The head rotates. Yeah. And tilts and things. So you can imagine it has it, it ha it can cut a very fine point, but that takes forever.


But if you're trying to make something that's like a compound curve or if you're trying to mill out under a ledge or something, there are physical limits on, you have one stick that sticks straight down and moves around like this. So you can't, you can't make every shape you might need to make to make like a complex three dimensional thing. But you could have multiple setups or you could mill parts that you then fasten together somehow or weld or whatever. But like a five axis literally means you can make just about anything, which is very cool. What about a 10 axis? 10 axis? Probably. I think there actually is a nine axis machine. I don't know what the hell that does. The other AEs are space and time goes forward at normal speed.


It'll predict what you wanted to make and then go back in time, make it for you and you'll be like, wow, thank you machine. I think This turned my engagement ring to coal. Anyway. So three access machines starting to get more accessible. It really opens up the door, especially for like prop manufacturing because if you're making props and you're limited to a lot of like wood-based things there, there are limits to what that can do. And the materials with it is you can electroplate some things, but you know, having actual metal parts and, and if you're building up an office and you want to like hang things metal brackets, you don't need to buy 'em. All kinds of things you can make with metal that are incredibly useful. I Bet it can be cool. Camera accessories that go on like rails and lenses and things.


Oh Actually you're so right. I didn't even think of that. I bet you could make all kinds of shit for cameras. Absolutely. Because there's so many mounting things for cameras that I didn't even, I haven't even thought of that because all of my different cameras have different cages that you can put around them and you have to buy those and they're like hundreds of dollars and then you slap 'em all. You're in cage and you can bird Cages, batting cages, mouse cages. Exactly. Yeah. Nicholas cages. Yeah. Anyway, it can thread it all. So I haven't gotten it yet, but probably gonna order one soon. It'll be very cool. Jason's gonna do all that and, 'cause I don't know how to use that. I didn't graduate engineering school and I don't think my degree would've even had me near one of those machines.


So yeah. Anyway. You ready for the game? Honestly, I'd talk about CNC for the whole rest of the episode, but yeah, we, we could do your idea or whatever. That's fine. I'll talk about it once I actually get it and then I'll have a ton to talk about. But until then, editors hit the lights spotlight. Oh, of Course there's gonna be a, I remember the spotlight sound Now. I don't remember the rest of it. Well, welcome To Who wants to be a Millionaire? Oh, that was the sound effect of the, now I'm with you. Is that not what you thought of?


I, that's immediately what? I didn't know that was serious. I didn't Think of anything with that. That's okay. You better fill it up full of stuff because these are going to be some real whoppers of questions I have in front of me. Every million dollar question that has ever been played on the show. And the only way that you can get points the rest of this entire episode is by getting these questions right. Challenge accepted. I will afford you one lifeline that you can use twice. Because we don't have an audience to pull and we don't have the, oh, I guess I could eliminate two choices.


Okay. Maybe that is it. I'll give you an elimination of choice. I'll give you a phone, a friend, and you have to actually phone a friend. Oh, well I just don't wanna do that. I don't, that's not worth it. And I will, I'll let you use the phone a friend more than once. How about that? Okay. Okay. You get two pho of friends, one knock half off, something like that. Is that fair? Or do you want two and two? Is that more fair? What's more Fair? No, you get three in the actual thing. Right? So assuming we made, we did great and we made all the way to the million dollar question with all of our lifelines intact. That's best case scenario. I feel like we should get three things. Two, two fifty, fifty Is one phone a Friend? No, you get, you get a 50 50, you get a phone call and you get a flex spot.


You can either do another 50 50 or another phone a friend. So you get one of the remove fifty fifty one phone a friend. And then the other one you can make whatever it is. Are you saying it's a flex lifeline? Yes, It is. That's a lot of lifelines. Sorry. I've been watching a lot of flex steal stuff lately. I can't. Oh, Phil Spencer's in my head. I he's can't get 'em out. All right, so I'm gonna flip a coin 'cause we actually got official coins here. Official whatever coins we bought on the internet. Yes, yes, yes, exactly. Mine's different. This is for, you know, future fairness. But who wants to be heads? I mean, I think weight is the head. Wait, is it bald or does it have hair?


Got hair and a chiseled jaw. Okay. I have hair. I'm hair side. Weight is whatever's on the other side. Yep. Gotta be Bob. All right. Can I just talk, is this how it is on the half dollar? Like with Kennedy having this deep of a, you see that Cheek? Oh my god. No, he's, he's been mewing out of his mind for that one. Yeah, George has a normal cheek. Yeah, look at that. Pudge. That's a normal guy. Pudge right there. He's got a, the, the, the chin of a statesman. No, no. This chisel unbelievably. I don't, I don't know if that's how he is on the actual, I don't think It is. I actually have somewhere in my life. I think it's in my nightstand. I have a half dollar that I got when I was born that I've kept with me.


Well, a real one. It's made of silver. You're Born in a sports arena. You came out, the doctor slapped you in the butt, handed you a coin and like next. Yes. How did you know? I'm gonna flip the coin. It's gonna land flat in my palm and I'm gonna show that to camera. Okay. I believe you Hales. I think hales Bob goes first As he wins. Tails. I lose. I got it. I didn't know we were playing my schoolyard rules Be fair. We did flip flop, But the Last thing we said was, oh, the head tied has hair.


That's Bob. Wayne doesn't have hair. Oh wait, No, sorry. He's okay. Head, sea, wind tails. I lose. Who is it? That Should be, that should be the ethos of this entire era. We did the whole thing with the constitution and we got the coin. And then Mark is like, All right, hedge is hedges. Bob tails his wade tails. Bob wins it. Fair. The coin. It's fair. He could have sworn I said Wade was heads. I don't know. I thought that's what you guys, so who is, who is it? Wade. Wade, go. It's technically Wade. I think if it's All right, I don't care. Anyone want to say the word? Anyone want to say it? That was the fairest thing that's ever happened.


I love that. All right, Wade, you're going first. Great. All right. Here's your question. This is actually in order of how they appeared in the show's history. So if you have watched the show a bunch and you memorized every question that they ever asked, you would have a lot of good chance to get this right. I probably saw almost all of these live on tv. I don't remember a single one. I don't think Wade for $1 million on February 22nd, 1989. What group won the first Grammy award for Best Hard Rock medal performance? Is it a Metallica?


B-A-C-D-C-C, living color? D Jethro Tall. I'm not the biggest music guy in the world, so I think I'd like to use my phone a friend already. All right. Okay. Wow. Right off the gate. Okay. Who are you calling? I gotta think about who's awake this time of day. Well, it's the middle of the day. What, who's, what are you calling someone in Australia? Lot of people that are sleeping this time of day. It's one in the afternoon where you are. I'm gonna call my buddy, my buddy. Mark.


Hello? Hey man. Wait. Put it on speaker. Put it on speaker. I don't believe you. Hey, I'm on a, I'm on. Who wants to be a Millionaire right now? And I've got a question. Yeah. In 1989, something something Music award. A Metallica. B-A-C-D-C. C. Jethro. No. Who is C Bob? Living Color. Living color. D Jethro. Jethro, toll Jet Row. Toll. What about him? Which one? Which One? What Was the million dollar question answer?


February 17th, 1989. No, No. February 29th. No, February 30th The wrong way. February 28th. Oh, Are you talking about the Grammys of 89? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Grammy. Oh, I didn't watch that one. I wasn't born yet. Me either. So what's the question? Who won? No. Well, Who was there? Who was there? Who was nominated? Ooh. Hey Bob, what was the question? During all of the above On February's 22nd, 1989, who won the first ever Grammy award for Hard Rock or and Metal album?


Yeah, that, that One. Okay. All right. Well, I think I know this one. I'm pretty, Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go with Jethro to, That's Dee. Sure. Thanks. Hugs and kisses. Call you later. All right. All right. My buddy Mark says, Jethro Toll. He sounded pretty confident, so I'm gonna lock it in. All right. It's locked in, man. That's correct. Woo. Yeah. Congratulations. You got that with Jethro Tall.


Who the hell is Jethro Tall? You don't know who Jethro Tall is? I Don't know who Jethro Tall is. No idea. Jethro Tall. Hey Alon. I dunno What that is. That's right. Anchorman. Well, I know that reference, but I don't know what the original is. He has a demon mask and a flute and a, a head wrappy. If you want an absolute sleeper, but banger, you should listen to Jethro tell's Christmas album. It is weird, but it's very good. Well, like most of these musicians that I don't know, I probably heard their music before, so I'm pretty sure it's somewhere there.


Okay, but congratulations Wade. You got a point. Thank You. Wasn't it clever calling the guy asking the questions? I know who I'm calling. I'm sorry. Each, each person can only be called once. All right. Okay. I'll le I'll allow each of you to call one person once, but You gotta, You got in on a technicality. All right, here we go, Bob. For $1 million and also one for $1 million. Wait, am I, am I dramatic or? Yeah, we're all dramatic for $1 million.


Editors, you can zoom me. I'm too lazy. Well, you gotta make a face when you, yeah, there you go. Which of these US presidents appeared on the television series? Laugh in N Is it A Lyndon Johnson, B Richard Nixon, C Jimmy Carter d Gerald, Ford. Wow. I know generally that Laughin existed and I actually know all four of those president's names. Good, good. I don't think the 50 50 is gonna help me very much.


The the main thing I don't know is when exactly Lain aired. It could be anytime post World War ii basically. As far as I know, I think I might know someone who might actually know the answer to this. Oh yeah. Who's not Mark who's looking at the answer to this, but I don't know if he's gonna answer the phone. I call Him. That's okay. If they don't answer it won't use up your, your call. All right, I'm gonna see if I can get him on the phone. I'm gonna call my dad. Can you hear that okay? Yeah, You have. Aw, that was, that wasn't enough rings. He sent me the voicemail. Oh no. Well, that tragedy aside, Oh wait, my mom's calling back.


Maybe his phone just didn't work. Okay. Hey Bob. Hey. I'm recording an episode of Distractible and it's kinda like, who wants to be a millionaire? So I'm phoning a friend 'cause I think dad might know this one. Okay, he's right here. All right. He's driving. So, But okay. You know, you could drive. It's a pro. It's an easy one. Which of these US presidents appeared on the television shoot, television series? Laughing. Lyndon Johnson, Richard Nixon. Oh, you just know. All right, well I thought you might know that. Forget To me, he said, Okay. I'm feeling pretty confident about that.


All right, thanks. You just won me not a million dollars, but you know, like a point or something. Is it a million points mark? No, $1 million and one point. 1.0 and a million. All right. Anyway, thank you. Drive safe. Okay, no problem. Good luck. Bye. Love you. So your father was pretty confident about Richard Nixon. He seemed to know that it was all tricky. Dick, what was that? B Richard Nixon. Is That your final answer? Lock it in Richard Nixon Locking it in. Well, that's correct.


That's great. Wow. He knew that off the bat. That was been pretty good Laugh in aired from 1968 through 1973. Well, you probably watched that live on TV then. I believe that, that there was a down to Lyndon Johnson or Richard Nixon in that timeframe. Couldn't Carter have been in there? When did he start his term? Also, it didn't say that they were president when they were on laughing. I have no idea why else Jimmy Carter would be on laughing, but like it could, it could have been a guest on the show as like a senator or something. I dunno. I just assume they said the president they met during his presidency. Enough Chatter. Wade, your question For $1 million and or one point in what language was Anne Frank's original diary first published?


Was it a Dutch B English C. French D German. This isn't what it was it written in. This is what it was published in, correct? I am going to guess. My gut told me to go with Dutch, which was weird. 'cause my brain tells me otherwise, but I'm gonna trust my gut and say Dutch and lock it in. That's your final answer. I, I can get to say it. That's my final answer. That's correct.


Woo-hoo. That's correct. Apparently it was first published in Dutch. Who knew? Why did I know that too? I, I, my first instinct was Dutch really aggressively. I have no idea why I knew that. Even Before Mark gave me the options, I was like, probably Dutch. And I was like, why would it be Dutch? I don't know. It was Dutch. What a Weird instinct that we had. Just feels like, I think Dutch people would be interested in, I guess For the record, on who wants to be a millionaire. When this was asked, he did not get it correct. So both of you guessed better than he did. What? An idiot. And he also used his phone a friend for this question and his friend led him astray. See, I would've gone with French if I'd overthought it.


Yeah, I could see That. But Dutch was what my gut went with and I was like, you know, whatever, I'll take my chance. Do you guys know who wants to be a millionaire? Lore? Do you know any lore about the show? No, not much. Actually. There was a guy who won a million dollars and he got to the million dollar question and the guy was like, I want to use my phone a friend. And I forget who he called, but he called like his wife or his dad or something. And they answered and he was like, Hey, I'm about to win a million dollars. See ya. And then answered the question. 'cause he knew the answer And it was like the most epic. It was a great moment. It was very awesome. I Did see, I have seen that moment. That one was actually the question that you just answered, Bob was the laugh in, oh, I should have done that.


No, he called his dad. You called your dad. Oh, it's like you're the same person. I Said, where's my million dollars? Well, I'm gonna call Regis. I have a question for you, Bob, for $1 million and or maybe one point in what country are all US major league baseballs currently manufactured? Is it a Costa Rica, B, Haiti C, the Dominican Republic, or D Cuba? I'm pretty sure it's not Cuba.


Could be Haiti. They eat, they eat Our pets, not Our balls. I my, I had another, God Damn, I had another gut reaction on this one. That it was gonna be Dominican Republic. Before you said that. That was one of the options. I don't have any rational reason why I would know, and I don't think the 50 50 is gonna help me. So I'm just gonna say Dominican Republic. What was that? C? Dominican Republic. C. That's my answer. Final answer. That's my final answer. Regis, I'm Meredith. Are you Meredith? Fiera? Which one are you? Which 1:00 AM I? That's another question for another day. It's Mr. Jenkins.


That is incorrect. Ah, son of a bitch. Sorry. Costa Rica though. It is in fact Costa Rica and we're not doing any steal. So I can tell you that yes, it is Costa Rica. And in fact, when this question was asked, they did use the 50 50 And it eliminated the Dominican Republic and Cuba from the options. Well Cuba, sure. That seems pretty unlikely. Those were the two I would've been between with Costa Rica and Dominican Republic. I don't know which way I would've gone. And mine would've also been a guess. I would've thought not Cuba. Why did I think it was Dominican Republic then? Why We are moving up into the trajectory of difficulty?


Because those were the original questions. And actually they got more difficult as time went on because they had to be more and more obscure because too many people were winning a million dollars. So they made them even more difficult than ever before. They're gonna be worth two points. Ooh, Shit. So shit. My phone a fringe. Oh, I'll say they started putting time limits in, when did they, what year did they start putting time limits In? That was later on, if I remember. But I don't know exactly when it was. It looks like in 2009 is when they started putting time limits in That's like well into Meredith. Fear is tenure, isn't it? 2009? I think so.


I have no idea. Honestly, 2009 seems so recent, but I looked at the year. It's not close. Wade, I'm gonna give you the first timed question that was ever asked for a million dollars. And also there's a lot less million dollar questions being asked at this point because even the previous questions were made more difficult for $1 million for ordering his favorite beverages on demand. Lyndon b Johnson had four buttons installed in the Oval Office labeled coffee, tea, coke, and what is it? A Fresca BV eight CU. Who?


DA and w. I'll use my 50 50. You're using your 50 50. We're striking B and D. So V eight and A and W. Were not the right answers. Your options are a Fresca and CU Who? I'm gonna go with a fresca Final answer. Lock it in. I don't Think that's right. That is Absolutely correct. No, I don't even know what a fresca Is. Oh, you don't? Yeah. What's fresca? Fresca still exists. It's grapefruit soda. It's sugar free grapefruit soda. It's very good. Really?


That sounds great. Why have I never Heard of it? If you drink a lot of it, it'll give you diarrhea though. 'cause grapefruit does that. Oh, I do know what that, okay, I see. Yeah. Don't you wanta, wanta fresca. No, I don't know that one, but I have seen this can before. I feel like my dad used to stock up fresca. My dad's come up a lot today some reason. But yeah, I feel like he used to stock up fresca and I used to drink that with him. Well, there you have it. Yeah, there's also something called fruit topia that I don't think exists anymore. That we used to get. Oh dude. Fruit topia was the shit. Oh my God. That was middle school. It was like weird. It was the The Fr drinks. Presca and fruit Topia. All right, Bob, your question. What great thinker's death is attributed to a chill he caught while stuffing a chicken with snow for an experiment on refrigeration?


Was it a Pythagoras B, Archimedes C. Isaac Newton or D Francis Bacon? God, I Hope it's Francis bacon. A bacon stuffed chicken does sound good. Oh, a bacon wrap chicken. That would've prevented his sickness. Gotta chill. So also studying refrigeration isn't even a notion that Pythagoras would've had, I don't think. And or the other ones. Isaac Newton and Archis A, Pythagoras B, Archimedes C Isaac Newton and D Francis Bacon. I don't think Archimedes would have bet any notions about refrigeration either.


But I don't think Isaac Newton would have, I have no concept of when refrigeration became, Yeah, that's, that's tough. I'd like to use my 50 50. I'm knocking two options off the board. Pythagoras is not the right answer. And Isaac Newton is not the right answer. Your options are B Archimedes or D Francis Bacon. It's Gotta be d Francis Bacon. Is That your Final? That's my final answer. That Is correct. It's absolutely Correct. All right.


I, I actually don't, the name is familiar, but who is Francis Bacon? I, I don't, I was thinking the same thing. I was like, what Did he do? It's Sir Francis Bacon. Oh my goodness. Oh, 1561. He was born in fifteen sixty one, sixteen twenty six. He's the first vi count. St. Alban obviously. And the first Baron Lum, obviously He was born before Isaac Newton. He pioneered the scientific method. Well, I'm stupid. He was born before Isaac Newton. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why I thought Francis Baconton was more contemporary. So I guess it's like the concept of refrigeration here is just keeping food cold to make it longer last longer. It couldn't have been anything to do with handling raw chicken and stuffing snow inside of it.


So, No, it's fine. That's, that's not what makes people sick. It's a ch caught a chill. And to remind everyone, these are now worth two points. So the Fresca question was worth two. That's worth two. Wade, are you ready? Hmm. Yeah. Sorry. I was reading about Francis Bacon. Go For it. For a million dollars and or two points. Which First Lady was a ninth generation descendant of Pocahontas? Was it a Helen Taft. B Edith Wilson. C Bess. Truman d Mamie Eisenhower. Can you list them one more time?


The answers First Lady, ninth generation descendant of Pocahontas. A Helen Taft. B Edith Wilson. C Bess. Truman d Mamie Eisenhower. Oh man. I'm going to, I know this one. I know this one. The answer is a Helen Taft. Is that your final answer? Oh yeah. Lock it in. That is incorrect. Fuck you stupid idiot. It's obviously Edith Wilson. That was actually my second choice.


'cause I was like that kind of close together in time period. If I'm doing the math right, that's about, Oh yeah, that's, that is a way to do it, I guess. Like, yeah, just calculating how many generations would be from Pocahontas, but I wouldn't know which, what area that is. Yeah, but you see for that, you need to know when Pocahontas, That's true. And I do not know That. Well, to get there, all you need to know is John Smith. And then you're like, okay, so it's around 17 something what, 16, 17 something? Yeah. Is That true? I don't know. No idea. I just assumed that Taft and Wilson were sort of close there in time. Eisenhower was way too late.


Didn't listen to the other options. So I was like, okay, it's gonna be Wilson or Taft. Nine generations is a lot. I was thinking Eisenhower, nine. Nine generations. It's a lot of People. I was thinking everyone had a kid between 15 and 20. That's true. Whatever. My brain was like, All right. Every 15 to 20 years generation. I Don't know if that's accurate, but I literally went 1760 plus one 40. That's right. Around 1900. Gotta be. Well, sadly, maybe you'll, your math will pay off next time. What year? What year was, what was her name something? Wilson First Lady. What was her name? Edith born 1872. My 1900 was closed. I was thinking, ah, I should have thought birth.


I would've got Wilson. Anyway, go ahead. For 1 million and maybe two points. Who delivered the less famous two hour long speech that preceded Abraham Lincoln's two minute Gettysburg Address? Uhoh lost to the annals of history was either A, Wendell Phillips B, Daniel Webster, C Robert, G Ingersol, or D Edward Everett. I know all four of those guys. So this is a tough choice.


Phone One of them. I'd like to phone my friend Gemini. What? Who? You know Gem. I call him Gem. Here. I'll get my phone out and talk to them. I mean, phone call. I'm gonna do a phone call. Hi Jim. I was just, I'm playing. Who wants to be a millionaire? And I just need your help. Do you think you can help me answer a question? All right, sounds fun. Let's see if I can help you Open it all. She's on board. All right. I'm so, what's the question? Yeah. Hey. Oh yeah. Hey. Yeah, mark, what's the question? Read me the question.


All Right, so the question is, who delivered the less famous two hour Speech? Who delivered the less famous two hour speech that preceded Abraham Lincoln's two minute Gettysburg address? The answer is Edward Everett. He was a famous politician. And, Okay, that's enough. Thanks. That's a lot of information. Okay. I'm gonna call you later. Bye. Oh man, good friend. Oh Wow. What a friend. I didn't even listen to the other options. They just knew it just like your dad. They just dislike my dad. I just know smart people. Yeah, you're Right. And that was a person. And they are smart. You Don't have to follow their advice, though. They may not know what they're talking about. What did, what did they say? I got No, no, they said, read me the answers again.


I don't remember. I remember A Wendell Phillips be Daniel Webster. C Robert G Erso and D Edward Everett. Oh, that's the one. Everett oldie E. That's the, yeah. No, I think Gem. Gem probably knows. I'm gonna say D's Gem. Final answer. Lock it in. Gem Eee. I didn't get that. All right is final Answer. That's great. That's absolute. That's crazy. Wow. That's great. Some might say that that is not fair. Who, who might say, might, might you say that a different way, A lesser man than me.


Are you sure about that? What do you think, Bob? Do you think I, That felt incredibly fair? You? You called the man asking the questions. I called an unrelated being who just happened to know the answer. I phoned a friend who I knew would be awake at this time. Gem is a great friend and we chat all the time. All right, fair enough. Fair. All right. Fair. That's fair. Wade, Let me give you a good one. 'cause we're running outta time here. So we're just gonna probably do this question and then next one, and we'll close it out, Wade, for $1 million and or two points Ne All right, man.


Is this a non-English first of who wants to be a millionaire? What's happening Ne? Ne is the Practice of doing What? A, finding shapes in clouds. B. Sleeping with your eyes open. C. Breaking glass with your voice. Or D, swimming in freezing water. Nephi. Oxia. Have you heard of the ship of Nephi? I remember whenever they would give these questions and they didn't pronounce them right half the time.


I do have one lifeline left, right? You do. It's a flex one. And I can either pick call or 50 50. Yeah. Yeah. For the sake of time I'll go 50 50. Okay. I'm eliminating B, sleeping with your eyes open and D, swimming and freezing water. So you're left with a finding shapes in clouds or C, breaking glass with your voice. And once again, it's Nephila. Oxia. Well, it has cox in it, which is like your coys, which leads me to see Nephila. Coia is breaking glass with your voice. What do you think your coccyx is?


Just curious. Yeah, I'm kind of curious about that. I Don't know. I just wanted to sound smart. All right. Is that your final answer? Yeah, That is absolutely incorrect. Ew, fool. Well, you don't stare at the cloud with your tailbone. I don't think you do Anything with your tailbone in any of this. You sit on your, you sit on your coy and look at the nephi against You. Sit on your cocky to No. If you're gonna break a glass with your voice, you better be standing. Yeah, You better be. That was incorrect. And, and maybe if I'd have spelled it for you, I don't know if it would've helped any at all.


It was N-E-P-H-E-L-O-C-O-C. C-Y-G-I-A. Wait, G-Y-G-I-A? Yeah. C-Y-G-I-A. C-Y-G-I-A. Okay. If you'd spelled it out, I would've gone with the clouds. Well, sorry, it's just the way this Is R Oh, I want you to do it. You want me to do it? I'll do it. I just itching to flip something. Come on. All right, fine. Okay. Let me get Bob. Lemme get you a good one. If I Failed both 50 50, I have, Right? Yes. Yeah, I think you have. I Haven't actually used my 50 50 yet. Right? You know What? I need three 50 fifties to balances it out.


All right, Bob compiled by Benjamin Franklin in 1737. The Drinker's Dictionary Included all But which of these Synonyms for drunkenness? A mp, toxical, BBC, ated, the Stagger ish and reminder, it's all But One of these. I'm picking the one that's not in there. Not in there in the drinker's diary of 1737. And I still have a 50 50 to use. Right.


Didn't you use your flex on the, I talked about it, but I, I used two pho of friends, but I didn't actually 50 50. 'cause I didn't think I needed it. Right. I Don't think he's 50 50 yet. I think he used two pho of friends. I talked about it on the baseball one, but I didn't use it on the baseball one. And I got that one wrong. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're, yeah, you're open if I'm going by my slashes. 'cause I was slosh slashing when it was there, so I don't have a slash I definitely gonna use that 50 50 since I got it. So of the words that are not included in this dictionary, what was not included was Buzz and Stagger ish. So you're left with the options between Nim toxical and Placated.


Those were the two I was thinking of. Good. Good, good. Ben Frank, I'm Ben Franklin. I'm Ben Frank writing my book, putting it in the printing press, Sitting on his coy while he does it, it's, It's gonna be, it's gotta be a 'cause of Ben Franklin reasons. So n nimal Nimal nymph is a bad word. It's not nymph, it's nymph. It's a bad word. Anyway. All Right. Final answer, Ben. Is it the final answer? Yes. And says it's the final answer. Lock it In. I heard that.


That's how he talked. Look it up. There's wax cylinders. Look it up. I was just a rumor back when I was talking about the Ben Franklin show and how it pissed me off. 'cause Michael Douglas just, I didn't like him as Ben Franklin. That would've been a way better Ben Franklin than you. You doing Ben Franklin? Honestly, man. Ugh. If only, anyway, that is Incorrect. Now, Nim Popsicle was in the drinker's diary, but ated was not. But placated is so much more obvious what that is than nm toxical. I have no idea. Placated. What is, is that a separate word?


That means something. I think this question's unfair. What? That's right. Okay. Are you claiming unfairness on my behalf? Yes. I guess we don't have a rule that says can't happen. But does that mean that the punishment, wait, So what are the results of this then? Yeah, wait, three somethings. You get two points. I dunno if three somethings Mark gets it, and if it's three the other, he loses two points. That's an interesting way to play the unfair rule to potentially screw over your Opponent. Oh my God. What in the hell did we just, I don't know, man. Okay, All right. Okay, so head, if it's three heads, Bob will get the points.


It was worth two. I mean, it's worth four. If it's three heads, it will be made doubly fair, which should mean that I get four points. If it's three tails, if it'll be made doubly unfair, which means I should lose four points. Yeah, but what does neutral mean? Wait, okay, so what If it's not, the fairness is like, it's not either of those. Nothing happens, right? It's, it's to say if something is fair, and in this case, what would be fair if it was him getting the wrong answer? That is fair. Therefore, if it goes too unfair by being all heads, it will reverse that decision and make it fair from its unfair state. Therefore, flipping it there, he won't get double.


He will get two points. But if it goes extra unfair, he will be punished for it. And he will not only not have points, but he'll lose it two points. Okay? So if it's all heads, he gets two points. If it's anything but all heads, were all tails. It's fair, declared fair. Okay. I think, Right? I just also wanna put this out there. My coin, the tails is the lion and the heads. Is this one of a lady standing there not looking. So we're doing, we're flipping the way. Mark flipped, flip catch, and then show. Yeah, No, flipping it over on your wrist. Just show it right then and there. All right, here we go.


I got heads. I got heads. Heads. Yes. Unfairness Has been confirmed. Bob, you get two points. That's right. I did it. I did exactly what I set out to do. Bob, I've got your back. You should have phoned me. You should have phoned me. I've had your best interest in mind. All episode. That's a ride or die right there, Bob. You know that's worth more than it's weight in gold till you get two points, I guess. All right. I Want you to know, I started to flip it on the back of my hand. That I remember you said no. I was like, Ooh.


All right. Well, congratulations. Everybody who participated in this, that was well fought. You both won millions upon millions of dollars. But only one of you can be the winner of the episode. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Right. The wheels, You have to add something to it. I've Got the wheel with everything on it that you need to add one to. Okay? But you have to figure out the the the three-sided guy Situation in honor of Wade. I, I'll put it who, the person who bent the most rules without breaking them. I don't know who that goes to. That's definitely you in this one. But it'll be in the wheel forever from now on.


All right. That's in there. Bent the most rules without breaking them. All right? And then I gotta roll a three-sided die To see how many wheel spins we're doing. Yeah, Roll three-sided die. And do I need to show you, or is the honor system, I Think, I think we just do honor system One to three. Here we go and go Two, We're Rolling it two times that fucking wheel. Can you show your screen for it? Even though I know it messes up, but I wanna see this wheel. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. It's a big ass God. Next year it's gonna be so fucking big. It's gonna be unreadable. We're just gonna have to see what happens. Already. Two spins. Ready. Watch. Ha.


Most locked in. I mean, you locked in all your answers. That's true. Who got more of them correct? Are they the most locked in? Might be. I feel like we were both pretty on it today actually. Like sometimes Wade totally spaces out and it's like you were, you probably should have won right until the end there. If we're going by just pure questions, Wade has it, but does the unfairness ruling put it back in? 'cause it would tie it Technically. Does that mean that I got that question correct. In the world as is rewritten, that's What I'm, because how far do our powers reach Do they reverse reality today?


We Rewrite reality as it exists. Just for notwithstanding this episode in general. I don't feel like going to one of our council rules takes away or adds to locked in This. That's true. I think if I had to go, Wade was also quick to answer. I will say that he was very quick to answer. Even if they sometimes were very wrong, he did snap those decisions. I think Wade would get the locked in point. That feels okay to me that feels, that feels right. I don't have a strong feeling, but I won't argue about me winning this. He's locked. Seems fair. He Is locked in. All right, one more spin.


No, I like both of those. That's the most rules without breaking them. Alright baby. I made up for the the coin flip. I'm back. Oh my God. Oh, that is not good for me. All right. This is gonna be a close game. I have no idea where the points are gonna land. Oh, please let this be a time. All right. No, no, no, no, no. Oh No. There's no way. There's no fucking, there's no way. One man show one man show. All right, so we've got Bob, you got a point for new tools. You got a point for destroying Tyler's knee forever.


Got 'em. You got a point for Richard Nixon. Two points for Francis Bacon, two points for Edward Everett. And then you gotta bonus two points for unfairness. Wade, you got a point for Robertson A you gotta point for gotta works. Gotta make that money. Make purse. It's a reference to an at k-pop song that Amy plays a lot that I like. I Was thinking that when I Said it. Good. All right. You got a point for rip off. You got a point for Jethro Tu, you gotta a point for Dutch. Fuck. You got two points for Fresca. You got point for locked in. You got point for Ben rules without breaking what's, what's that?


Bring our tunnels to buddy. If you calculate those points up, you got nine and nine. That's how that land, another wheel spin. Jesus Christ. Is this our first six percenter or just eight Percenter? Yeah. Oh My God. Okay, So it's reset down to six, right? Yeah, we technically spun it at, at my one man show. Did that add to it? No. 'cause that was like an isolated thing.


Yeah, I think that was default. I think we're at six. Okay. All right. Okay, we'll start at six. And from here on out, This could not have ended in a more amazing Way. Oh man. Well, let's, we'll see if all of your, your schemes both for you and against you, Wade gives you luck in this. I'm just happy to be a part of such a great episode. So it's six and then 47. 47, right? Yes. We got 47 Wade. 47. Bob six for one man show. I swear to God, There is no possible way that we got three heads in this episode. It ended up being a tie, and then Mark will hit on a 6%.


There's no way. I dare God. All right, I'll spin the thing. Mark, You're due for a win, buddy. I feel yellow. Oh, Whoa. Oh, And wage Schemes Somehow Got him The win. Don't call it a comeback. That is astonishing. Even after giving Bob two points for unfairness, you won the wheel spins to get you back a chance at the winner's seat with the spin, and then the wheel decided in your favor. Congratulations, Wade. I can't believe it.


Unfair. No. Only one per episode. One. One total per episode. I honestly thought it was a little bit, 'cause I thought double or nothing meant you would've gotten four points. But No, the way Mark explained it, I was on board. I was on board. So that means next, next round is 8% one man show. Yes. Yes. It would be 8, 8 46. 46. Got it. Got it, got It. I've got it written down here that in this episode the wheel was 6% so that we know what the next one will be. Incredibly done. I I can hardly believe that no one saw it coming. Now Wade, you're the winner here, but Bob is the loser. So I think Bob has to make his loser speech. Whoa.


Oh, my clothes. Oh, I got a haircut. What happened? Hey, look. Okay, it's, it's a little bit later. I'm not gonna lie. Chad, Chad, I'm not gonna lie to listeners, but mostly watchers. It's different. It's a different time now and I don't remember what happened in this episode, but I do know that I lost, I knew a lot of answers to questions. If I recall my dad was in this episode, you know, I'm the only one on the show that's got that going for me right now. Come on, man. Listen, it is outrageous that I lost and I think everyone will agree because all that stuff I said was really smart and very funny.


But I'm gonna lose with dignity and only make one dead dad joke apparently. Dignity. Wade, your winner speech Whenever I did the coin flips for you, Bob, I really didn't know what was going to happen. I just, we'd been teasing it and teasing it and I just, I needed it to happen for something. So I had to have the coin flips. Didn't know it would result in one of the craziest finishes in Distractible history. But you know what? You are well, so well, yes you are. Well come. Okay. And with that, we're gonna end it. Thank you everybody. You can never see the tour. We're not going on tour again ever for the You're welcome tour. But I'm happy to announce that Distractible will not also be going on tour.


Merch doesn't exist. It's not a real word. Don't say it anymore. We will find you if you do, and we will know if you did. Bob and Wade can be found at their various usernames, their online handles and their internet personas. Their only fans is now half off for only the next month. Thank you all so much for joining. Have a lovely day. Follow the podcast, tell your friends about it. Hold people hostage. Hack your, your, your local offices security system. So all the security guards have to see it. 24 7 by hack. I meant funny prank. It's not, I did, it wasn't real. That was all not true. Wink. No, I don't. Un wink, Un wink. Podcast out.