
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root Beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, for Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, there you go. Drink my root beer. If you got that dog in you.


Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode Be Me, Bob Fleet, anything at hand simulates, shitting and starts a suspect slideshow, medicated. Mark is fully flatulent, suffers sartorial slips, governs his glands and makes lemon hay warden Wade becomes a doggy style. Vomitorium has no man starts his significant other and flashes his friends from Beautiful Baby James to good hand jobs. Yes, it's time for WikiHow About Now.


Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Show One second. I forgot to take a medication. One second. Whoops. Mark's doing drugs. Definitely keep that. How when did you How twenties. It's like a cap for like a Gatorade bottle type thing. I had two things I could grab and put in my mouth. One of them was an electronic and the other was a whole thing of Chapstick. And neither one of those sound good in my mouth. Your mouth. But it's in a container so it wouldn't actually get I'm here. What? There's no way you did a handshake deal. I was two steps away.


No, no. We were putting things in our mouths. We didn't do a handshake deal. You could check the tape. We didn't. No, I I had the chapstick. I was like, if I put this in my mouth it would be okay. 'cause it's in a container. Just to Hi and welcome to another episode of Distractible that was the best cold open and possibly only cold open we've ever done. I'm sure all of that made it in and the editors didn't cut any of it out for being insane or gross. I am your host. My name is Bob. I am the host because I won the last one. Competing today. In today's episode will be the other two guys who are always here. Mark and Wade. Hello. Hey, If you've never seen the show before, first of all, what the fuck? Second of all, I, I mean first of all, thanks for coming.


Make sure you subscribe. Where have you been? Way to start an episode. Like 200. Yeah. What, what Psychopath does that Anyway, that doesn't make any sense. I Can't imagine I'm staring at Wade, but I realize that doesn't come across when I'm just staring at my monitor. It's it, it weighed. Wade, I was looking at you. What'd I do? I don't know. The way this game works is they're competing for points. I'm gonna give them points. The winner hosts the next episode, so on and so if you don't know how it works, it doesn't really matter. Watch episode one. Yeah, that'll Explain It. Not the Phantom Menace though. That's also a good episode one. Yeah, yeah. Fell. How? How's it going there fellas? How are you doing? Good. I'm still in movie limbo. Tired.


Oh, tired. How are you? Tired. Because my dogs decided that sleep is for the week and we hear the week. So sleep is for you? I we're strong. I don't know Presley's been getting sick but only in the middle of the night. So at like seven in the morning, which is the middle of the night for me 'cause I go to sleep at like four. He is like father. I'm like, yes, my child. He goes all over my legs or I'll start like hacking or the other night he had like this like pain, wheezing noise. so I think I'm going to take him into the vet. But the weird thing is, is like he's fine during the day, he's fine going to sleep and then just sometime in the middle of the night he wakes up, like puts a paw on me, looks me in the eye and just like up Chucks and I don't know what it's like one and then he is done.


He's Trying to look into you for help. Is he like accidentally pooping in the middle of the night and then eating it out of shame, fear and then coming over to you and me like I've made a mistake again. I, I don't know, I, it feels, Does it smell like poop? It's, I mean vomit doesn't have a pleasant smell but I'm not gonna lie in the middle of the night when I'm half asleep I have not tried to sniff it. so I do not know the scent. 'cause I'm kind of just like, if I could pick him up and walk at the same time, it's honestly a miracle at that point in the night because I am just not cohesive put together. But we, we went to a family reunion over the weekend and so we didn't get a lot of sleep. I've been playing no Man's Sky, so I've been staying up late playing no Man's Sky, then being woken up in the middle of the night by a sick dog.


And I've had stuff going on early in the day the last few days. so I've just not gotten a lot of sleep and my body likes nine to 10 hours of sleep at night. I like a lot of sleep. Some people look like our, my friend, our friend Jesse, he can go in like four hours sleep and he is like perfectly functional me if I get less than seven, I'm like a zombie the whole day. So having like three or four days in a row of like four hours sleep, especially interrupted sleep, I don't feel coherent. Do You think that that might have something about the quality of your sleep? Do you think that maybe your sleep quality is actually very low and so you're not getting full rest throughout the night? Have you ever done a sleep study? Like you have sleep apnea or something like that? No. I always come naturally to me.


so I never had to study a whole lot. Yeah, I've just always been able to sleep at night. Usually. Well at night is kind of a rough, Maybe jokes are hidden today. Make me laugh. Four in the morning is at night, right? Maybe if you get A-C-P-A-P machine you'll be funnier. Isn't that how you pump breast milk? CPAP is a continuous positive something pressure. It's the thing that you wear on your me face while you sleep. If you have sleep apnea, Tell me more about it while I take this phone call. I'll be right back. Alright, see ya. Hey Mark, how are you doing right now? I'm good. You know me. I'm real good. Suddenly it's your turn. I was just, I was, I was gonna comment when it but it was too late but I was like sometimes Wade's comedic timing I feel, I feel like it's a dead by daylight, you know QuickTime event where usually he gets it in the zone but occasionally he'll hit like that little sliver And.


It's like a critical and it's really makes me laugh that one earlier. Yeah, I'm good, I'm good. I got the squeakiest chair in the world. It sounds a little bit like you're just farting your brains out and it's barely coming through the microphone but Couldn't hear you farting too much. You know, you, you make jokes but it is possible to fart so much that you can't hear. So That would be pretty impressive though. Not because the farts themselves are so loud, but also because clenching all those muscles. If you can you do that thing where you make your eardrums rumble by clenching the muscles? I don't think so. I I've never really tried because I worry every time I hear someone do that they're like, I can't stop.


I just do it all the time now. And I'm like, if I don't gain the skill then maybe I wouldn't have to suffer through that. so I don't do that. No, trust me, it's not that big a deal. You totally can't, it's not hard to me. If I had to describe it, I would say if you try and imagine what muscles you might need to use if you needed to like pull your head further down onto your neck, it doesn't happen that way. But like it's the, if you tense up those sort of all the muscles in your shoulders and neck, that would pull your head straight down. But keep it upright. You can make it. Ha, it's interesting. It's not an addiction thing. You'll be fine. I bet you could do it. No, no. You're cursing so many people out there year from now. People go like, my life was destroyed because of the knowledge that Bob gave to me. You can't even tell I'm doing it right now.


And you can't even tell, you know, can't even tell. I can kind, I can kind of tell. Yeah man. Well it sounds like I'm shitting myself, but that's not what's happening. One thing that in my life, speaking of like habits that I wish I could break is I cross my legs all the time when I'm sitting. It is incredibly uncomfortable. It is so much less comfortable than just having your feet flat on the ground. Why do you do it? That's a thing. It's because my dad did it and so I always did it. But it, like I realized many years ago that doing this was not as good and not as good for you as just legs, straight on the ground, like feet flat. Sitting with feet flat is the most comfortable. But for some reason a lot of people just cross their legs when they sit and it's like, why are we doing this?


This isn't actually any better. I cross my legs on occasion, but not if it's uncomfortable. I'll cross my leg until it starts to get uncomfortable and then I'm like, I'll put my feet on the floor. I, Mandy does this too. I don't have this, she doesn't cross her legs specifically, but she likes to like sit on her legs, kind of like she'll sit with them under her or sort of to the side sit with her legs in a way where if she sits there long enough they'll just fall all the way asleep both legs. And then she has that when she stands up, it's like the painful and also kind of numb and, and it's like an unconscious thing. I've never had that. My, I guess maybe my legs are just sore so I'm more conscious of them. And if you have like non shitty legs, you don't really notice my, I have to like constantly make sure I'm in a good position or my legs are like, ah, oh we hurt now you were sitting comfortably, but for some reason that made your knee hurt.


Fuck you. I've never felt better than when I was, than I when I get in the habit of using a standing disc and I just realize, ah, we're bipedal for a reason. We're not supposed to sit this much. Oh, it makes sense. And even though, even like, even sitting as a con, this is getting way off, off the beaten path, but sitting as a concept like in a chair for so many years, like we don't, we don't do that. We, we would squat down like on our heels and, and that's, that's like for me that's more natural and like for a lot of people in like Asian countries, that's more natural and a lot of people over like in the western civilization can't really do it as much because they just haven't practiced. So they don't have the flexibility in their like ligaments. But it's, I don't know. No, I do think that's interesting that I've, I don't think this is offensive and I hope it's not, but that, that squat where your butt is like flat and your heels are flat, I've heard that described as like the Pan-Asian squat or like the Pacific Asian.


Like it's a, a thing from that part of the world. James does that constantly. That's the main way he relaxes. It's not a thing where it's like white people can't do it and all of Asian, it's, it's a thing that we like culturally don't do. So we physically lose the ability to do it or something. Exactly. It's the natural human position to like rest you rest on your heels. It's like, and for poops and for poops, yes. You actually poop much better in that position than any other Ah Yes. The sea poop machine. We sort of had some more conversation while you were gone. Sorry bud. Yeah, sorry about that. I got a phone call and I was like, well I know I'm expecting a food so maybe it's the food guy. And I answered And it. The guy said, Hey George, are you seven 60?


There's a lot to unpack here. Was he breathing heavy? I should be worried. Needless to say I eventually figured out what was going on and who it was. But that was a really weird opening to a conversation of just like, who was it? Well you knew This person. No, no, it was a delivery person but okay, Wait, wait. This makes so much less Sense. Dude, it made no sense. When I answered the phone I was like, hello? Hey George, are you seven? I I don't think so. I'm 7, 7 7. The question are you seven was very confusing All, Right? So you're saying you're 21. I'm not saying anything I, until I have a lawyer present. Well did you get your food or what? I did, yeah. I got my food. Apparently I should have let Molly know I was ordering food because I guess she was cleaning out her car and she's like, look at me.


And she was like bent over cleaning the back of her car and I guess the guy pulled up and she didn't know that until like she heard a voice and she was just like completely caught off guard. so I guess that wasn't the best of circumstance. I left her in either. Wait, did You order food and you didn't even ask Molly if she wanted some though? Only because earlier in the day she told me Go ahead and order food if you want to. I don't need anything. I had my own lunch. Okay. I was gonna say that's, that's just asking for problems right There. T Tuesdays we do our own thing typically. And she reiterated that fact today. She was like, I'm gonna have, yeah, so she was good on food, however, letting her know when food was arriving so she wouldn't be bent over her car unsuspecting. When someone like talks to her out of nowhere, I don't think he said, Hey George, are you seven to her?


But maybe, I don't know if this is just a bone I didn't get in my body. And I, I think I'm the weird one, but I always think it's funny when, when people are like, ah, I wasn't prepared to receive, to receive who the, the dude who brought, who dropped off your McDonald's in a plastic or in a paper bag on the port. Like they give a shit what you look like. And I understand people like, I don't know, maybe she wasn't, if she was naked or something. I don't know how she cleans the car, but, So I'd be back outside, hell hold on, I gotta go. I, I certainly like, I won't go outside or like go to the store if I'm, you know, dressed a little bit like a crazy person. 'cause sometimes my pajamas are kind of weird combination of clothes. But if I like answer the door at my own house or something and someone, it's my fucking, I look how I wanna look.


You're at my place now You're in my house. I don't care if I look a little bit like a psychopath. You came to my door, I look how I look, what do you want person at the door. I found out after hosting some guests and then we went over to my mom's house and she has like a pool. We swam for a bit and then I brought like a pair of like basketball shorts to put on dry after I got out of the pool. So after lounging on the chair drying off and then changing into shorts and going back out there and just lounging on this like lawn chair, legs out, I realized the shorts I brought over had just this huge tear right down the Gooch. so I was just laying there, legs spread all day with just like this big tear, no idea until later on I was like, man, I can fit a whole fist in this hole.


These shorts are gotta go. Oh god. I was wearing them all day. Oh I thought you did that in front of people. You're like, hey everybody, I can fit a all fist in here. You re reach down your own pants. Like look it comes right out. Watch point. I bet you thought that was my penis. No, that looks like this. And then you whip it actually Out. I didn't do all of that, but I did have the surprise just like Gooch hole that was just chilling there. Yeah, really big gooch hole. I'm not saying I, I wouldn't catch it a hundred percent of the time, but I do check that. Do you guys check your clothes when you put 'em on just to see if there's like holes? Never. I'm so paranoid whenever I put stuff on, I just have a look and I'm like, did you tear since I wore you last time?


No All, right dude, I, I have this, this is such weird thing to say. I have a daily fight with my shirts in the morning. I don't know what that means usually. Okay, I'm a bit slovenly. I'll wear the same shirt two days in a row. Like I'll do that and so when I wake up I have my shirt by my bed and it's usually dark 'cause I wake up relatively early so I don't see what direction it is. And every single morning I feel out the rim for the collar. I like aha, there it is. I put it on, I walk outside, my shirt is inside out every single fucking time and I'll do the thing where everyone's probably at home. We like, oh, you flip it inside out when you take it off. I'm like, no, I will some mornings flip it the other way in anticipation of this and I will have turned it inside out and if I don't do it, it's inside out.


I have not woken up and put my shirt on right side up in the dark ever. I don't think there's a single time I've ever nailed that. 'cause Amy always comes out and is like, do you know your shirt's on on backwards? Ah, yes I do. Just, No, that's so funny. It's not the same. But I have basically that same fight. I would say like 80% of the time, maybe more when I, when I take my shirt off, I do the same thing you do. I'll wear the same shirt for a couple days in a row when, especially if it's like I didn't do anything and it's basically clean still and I'll take it off and I have like, I have my spot where I put my clothes. I'm not done wearing, but I'm not wearing Tibet and I I, most of the time I put it down in a way where it's like when I pick that up in the morning I can put it right on.


But I have some shirts where they don't have a physical tag. It's printed on the thing and the shirt has no physical markers. It's like a plain solid color shirt. The front and the back can't tell at all without seeing the, and I don't know why I lose my mind 20% of the time, but when I put my shirt down in the wrong orientation and then I get it in the morning and I go to put it on and I'm like, what the fuck? Well why did I someone move my shirt? Boy, it like ruins my whole morning routine. You know when you put your shirt on backwards, maybe you can't tell. For me I have like, my shirts are shaped differently 'cause of the way my shoulders and my neck are. So when I put it on backwards it like feels wrong but you can't really tell.


But you're kind of like, why aren't the fucking, what's wrong with this? I hate that like once a week I do that. I don't understand. I do it to myself. I've only got one shirt that I struggle with and it's because it doesn't have like a physical tag. It had like the printed in like information, like the tag and over the over time it's faded really quickly. The shirt itself still looks really good but like the tag is completely a faded off and there's like one little o that I can spot in just the right lighting to know that it's the right way. But I can also like, like what you're saying, if I wear it backwards after like half an hour or so, like I'll, I'll eventually be like, yeah this is definitely just not sitting right. Then you pull it up and it's like it Takes you half an hour sometimes. That's a while. Half An hour.


I Mean it's a shirt that looks the same everywhere. No, I know I have, I have shirts like that where the ta the printed tag is, it takes me a minute, like I'll put it on and as I'm like going to brush my teeth or leave the bedroom or something, I'm immediately like, nothing's wrong. Oh no, I'm such a zombie when I wake up that I don't think I have any actual brain function till about 20 minutes later. So if I get dressed right away now I don't notice right away it takes either someone pointing it out or like that. Like I'm just sitting so funny Shit, I don't know why I don't do this. 'cause I always tout the advantages of meditation in the morning. I'm like, I'm the worst about, I don't practice what I preach because when I do it's like amazing and I'm like everyone do this and then I don't do it. I also, well this is a quick, are you morning showers or evening showers guys?


Morning. I prefer evening. I like going to bed clean. My problem is I sleep hot. So if I have like a bad night or if it gets hot and then I wake up sweaty, the the evening shower is completely fucking wasted anyway 'cause then I wake up gross. Yeah, I don't really wake up hot. I I usually wake up like I'm fine. I'm not usually a night sweater. Probably the truest answer is to do both. But what psychopath is showering twice in a day. I don't, I'm not Showering twice evening. No, no. Yeah, that's too much. No. Yeah. But I, it's like the lo I get stuck in the logic trap where I'm like I should shower first thing when I wake up and then I go like, whoa. But what if I work out then I'll get sweaty and then I don't work out. Yeah. So it's like I just don't shower in the morning at all. But it's like, it's a perfect place to like you can settle your mind.


You can like get that meditation is you can enjoy it. 'cause it really is very few places to meditate better than the shower. It's just like you zone out so well. Well the physical stimulus is honestly really good for me too. It gives you a good thing to like focus on man, I wanna go take a shower now. We should do shower episodes. Whoa. Yes please. We'll have a boat in it. It'll be perfect. No one will notice. Oh, Why did that make you sad? No, I just remembered the shower that has shit in it that's broken. I was reminded of a tragic event. That's Fair. That that made you sad. I get that. Yeah. I was like shower, shower, shower. Oh shower. Oh shower.


It feels really unfair. That shit can come into the shower when shit went into the toilet. To me like I understand that it's just the nature of plumbing but that feels, that feels unfair. That's not his business Feels Unfair to me. No dude, that morning, that morning shower trap is so bad though. I don't know if you could tell by how I look but I don't actually work out that much. I work out on, on rare occasion, but every day, every day when I'm like I should shower first thing. Ah, but what if I go to the gym? I'll get all sweaty and I'll ruin it now. Wait, never go. I never go to the gym. That's like say, oh what if I go to space then I'll need another space shower. Oddly enough, the shower I enjoy the most is the midday shower. I don't take 'em very often.


Midday shower, Like if you work out or play, like if I go out and play basketball in the middle of the day and I'm like really sweaty and gross afterwards, like I want to take a shower afterwards. Like when you played sports, like you know the sports team you'd have like, you'd play your your game then you'd shower or whatever. Then you've got like a few hours before bed. Yeah. Evening. Okay, well midday, evening, whatever. They're the same for me. When you stay up till four in the morning, a 7:00 PM shower is midday. That's True, that's true. But that it's just night because like there's something about getting a shower and then laying down immediately that's just like, ah, clean on clean sheets. Love that feeling. What? What the fuck? You just like showering before bed. Okay, I do, but not immediately. I don't jump in the shower then woo woo, dry me bed. You gotta let it like steam.


You gotta let it like steam off. You gotta get dry. But then you gotta get all the way the rest of the way dry. I don't Take hot showers. You take cold showers? No, no. They're, they're warm. Oh yeah. Well I don't take like smoke and hot showers but I don't get, I don't get out the shower steaming. I also don't have any hair so I'm very dry very fast. Yeah, I was, I was gonna say, this is gonna sound insensitive but my hair drying is a big part of the problem. I don't want to get my pillow soaking wet. You Do not want wet hair on a pillow. But whenever he is the worst you have to worry about it's a quarter inch of beard. It's a real quick dry. I can, that just changes it a little bit. I guess The reason my hair curls so hard sometimes is 'cause I, if I shower and then go into bed before it's dry, it does this.


I've discovered, I know having, when I had the afro like in high school showering and going to bed with that much hair, your pillow was just fucking drenched. Even if you thought your hair was dry, it was not dry. Somewhere deep in the catacombs of fuzz there was just a pool of water waiting for your pillow. I think beds are a conspiracy. This is a random thought. Okay, Hold on. 'cause humans don't need sleep or what's the, okay. No, I don't think beds are the optimal way to sleep. I think big bed has lied to us 'cause I've been sleeping on a couch where I'm at 'cause 'cause I'm, I'm filming stuff or I'm finishing up everything and I've been sleeping on a couch.


Circumstances best sleep of my life and the past, you know, like for a while now I, I've, if I've been tired working too late, I sometimes take a nap on a couch and I sleep so well on a couch and it's because I'm able to rest. I'm able to sleep with my back like kind of angled a little bit. So I'm like at a 45 degree and it's also very firm and it's not usually super soft like a bed is. So I've been sleeping on a couch best sleep in years. Like I've only been here a week, but it's like I feel so I slept nine hours last night and I do not do that. I sleep in more here. Like couches are just, I think they're better. I think you're right about the having your back up against a thing to kind of prop yourself up.


I, my problem with couches is I need even pressure points. I'm very sensitive to like if, if there's a, like if it's a sectional and there's a gap in the couch or between the cushions or whatever, if it's uneven, some part of me is gonna be unhappy about that. But I see what I'm a, I'm a big side sleeper. I love, I have the world's largest pillow. It's not a body pillow, it's just like a big round fucking chunky pillow and I like sleep on my side, hugging it, And, it sort of props me up. It's the best. I only sleep on my side. I do sleep pretty well on couches but I also, once I fall asleep, I'm asleep pretty good. The thing that puts me to sleep the easiest other than being like in a moving vehicle trained plane car, I can fall asleep very quickly as a passenger to any of those.


But like the lazy boy, like reclining chairs. If I lay sit in one of those chairs and I like prop back, something about that position puts me to sleep. It's like the one thing that successfully I lean back in a big comfy chair, I'm out. This is a secret. Another We're getting older episode guys. Yeah, It was us the whole time.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's Horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint Mobile iss pretty fast. Unlimited talk and text for $15 a month. You don't have to commit into a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well goodbye. To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I-L e.com/d ITA CT IBLE $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem Mint Mobile for details aren't you?


Anyway, wow, this is, this is a lot of small talk. You guys got anything else or should we do the, should we, do you wanna do the topic? No, no, no, no, no. I couldn't. I couldn't. Alright, well I got a, I got a topic for today. A large majority of the listeners are gonna fucking hate so you're welcome. Everybody All, right? I love pissing them off. This is a very, very visual topic so get ready for that. Boots part two. Anyway, this, this website here, which is now on screen is called damn dog And. it is a website, the purpose of which it just gets, it like gets images from wikiHow and then our task is to guess what this image from wikiHow is.


What is it trying to explain? Can I just say this is definitely Tyler when I tell him a joke on the outside stone faced inside Laughing One kidney side, one kidney. So me, Was that not the joke you were going for? I thought no, I Was just going with Stone face Tyler on the outside. Oh no, I thought you meant the kidney. For for the listeners who aren't watching, there's an image on the screen right now of a dude who's, who looks outwardly angry but is in his little thought bubble is an image of him laughing and for some reason an image of his body outlined with one kidney in it.


Oh is that anger? I thought that was just like a, a stoic like I'm cool face. It could be anger, it could be He he's mo he's just, you know he's mu and you can't stop that. I get It there. There are multiple choice so we don't have to just come up with the answer ourselves. It's a multiple choice type of thing. Is this image from how to do laughter yoga, how to date a girl that is taller than you, how to prevent identity theft or how to act like a villain. Whoa. One of those things is which wiki is the wiki? How article that this is from. So guy is looking serious outside, laughing inside and then there's also a body with his biceps up flexing. It's like his lymph system is outlined.


Those are like lymph nodes. I think The thing is, I think it's supposed to be, but also, I don't know why is that the spleen and not a kidney? Is the spleen part of the lymphatic system? It might be or Yeah, I don't know the the thing, the thing up in the middle of his chest, is that his adrenal gland? Is that what that is? No, no Adrenal glands sit on top of the kidney. I only have one of those. So yeah, I don't know. I, it does look like a kidney but it's also kind of high. It must Be spleen because spleen's on the left side and there's only one that's, that's one of the few organs where there isn't a dual pair. So that must be spleen. And Tyler's actually got like three kidneys now. Yes He has three. Yeah, That's true. It's Too true. Yeah, it's gotta be laughter.


Yoga Villains have robust lymph systems. Laughter yoga's the only one that makes any sense here with the Villains can move their limp around at will. They have very strong control of their humors. Laughter yoga makes no sense. I've never heard of this. I don't know what that is. Is that a real thing looking At this image? Nothing else even can be true. Can it? This could be like a, a tall woman and you gotta target their lymphatic system to really get at 'em. You know what, just to mix it up and be different from Mark. I'm gonna say how to be a villain. The correct answer is how to do laughter yoga. That's The only one that made sense but I was hoping it was being a villain with that just expression. Watch. I'm gonna move my limp right now.


Oh my god. Do you even limp bro? I'm limping. I'm limping Hard. You have such an embarrassingly long mid limp mark. I can't, I don't know how you go through the day. I just choked to my fucking dream. Oh that hurt all the way down. Alright, let's do another, okay. Holy shit. For the listeners, this is an image of a blonde woman with kind of rosy cheeks and pink lips Piercing blue eyes very Close up. It's mostly her face and part of her hand kind of waving and there's a speech bubble that says goodbye. Specifically this looks like a woman drawn by not a super beginner artist but someone that doesn't understand depth in the human face.


Okay, Well is this image from an article entitled How to Win an Eating Contest? Are You gonna eat the opponent? You Tell 'em Goodbye beforehand? Goodbye. How to get a Boy to Dance with You and then kiss you at the End Middle School in parentheses, how to Stay Calm Around an ex or How to Cheat on a test. Okay, what's the other option of thrill though? Nope. One of those four. That's it. Those are the ones. Well This definitely isn't how to to get a guy to kiss you because if you say goodbye first off then going back to me as, as a youth, I'd be like ah, she's not interested.


I understand I wouldn't be interested in me either, but in Her mind she's just playing hard to get No, I don't think that's it either. Maybe she's playing hard to understand. I Gotta say it's how to be calm around an ex because You just leave. That's the, that's the wiki. How don't be around them. There you go. You just like you. You give them like a I know you goodbye expression. You know I think what this is because judging by the rosy cheeks now one might think that's just makeup and it's just a little blush. I think that's real blush from the the flutters in the stomach from a nice wet kiss. This is at the end. This is post dance, post kiss. This is the last image in the article.


'cause you succeeded. I See, I see. And you picked stay calm around your ex whi Yeah. The Correct answer is how to get a boy to dance with you and then yep, I am On fire. Why would the image be representative of the end of this thing? Because It's the full wiki. How including that after you get the kiss you must then leave goodbye. Why does her expression also look like the one you would try to give your ex if you're trying to get away? I think That might have more to do with the artist's abilities and less to do with an intent. No, I think the artist perfectly rendered every element of this. I got, I gleaned, I gleaned hard. I Mean I could see the post kiss like look there but also like the the sad expression, the eyes of like what used to burn but is no more the embers of what was No see it's middle school because there's some spray tan left over on her hand.


This so from inaccurate application It's a novice mistake and those are clearly middle school little earrings too that she's wearing. And What was she doing with her hair? What is that one curl? What's wrong With her hair? It's a half up, half down Do it's an up down. Do Nothing's wrong with her hair. I'm just being Calm down. I'm being face at Face at Whoa Jesus. I didn't, I shouldn't have put my desk up and standing mode. I was just fucking fell over. Oh my God. This image is a guy with his hands up in fist form with his chin resting eyes closed and the fart genie is leaving his armpit.


Yeah, imagine the statue of the thinker. Yeah The man is pulling a double thinker. Why is he grabbing His head like that? Wants to make sure he doesn't look back here to see what's going on. You know, keep it to me. This guy's like you don't wanna see what I'm about to do bro. Oh wow. I feel like this, this one's such a peculiar image. It will. It must be obvious. It's the Most trash bag like ghost I've ever seen. It's like someone saw one of those online tutorials like all you need is some chicken wire and paper mache and you can make a ghost decoration for your front yard for Halloween. And then they tried to make it and they got this.


Maybe it's the angle but like the face of the ghost does not look like it could possibly be this dude's face. This gave me an idea 'cause I'm gonna get back into learning Korean as soon as I'm done with this fricking movie. These would be great for flashcards, This would be great for flashcards for Korean. Yeah because for flashcards what's really good if you have image flashcards is getting images that are memorable but also completely unique. I don't think that there's anything more unique than this. And if you can even relate re even somehow relate it to a word or a sentence, that'd be very good for that. This Could be trash bag ghost. I'm sure that's a word you need to learn. Is there a wiki how like AI model that's based purely on bees?


I hope so. Okay. Is this an image from the article titled How to Survive Domestic Violence? God, I hope not. How to talk to girls as a Teen Boy. How to dress up Like a hillbilly or How to help someone, how to dress up Like a hillbilly. The guy's wearing Just like some black slacks and an orange T-shirt with No, He's just wearing his T-shirt and jeans. Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and write the first one off. I do not, I hope this is not related to surviving domestic violence. It's unfortunate that that's on here. But I mean the image could be I guess like he's even thought about something.


We'll find out. But I don't wanna make jokes about that. No, I don't either. Okay. I went first last time on my guest. I'll let mark guess first this time. Oh okay. So clearly the guy's going through it, he's enduring. Oh judging by the shading of the stump he's sitting on, it's halfway up his ass and also penetrating his thigh. His legs are transparent. Yeah, So he's in in misery. He's reached a level of peace though from all of his things. so I think this is, this is the twin he ate in the womb that is helping him in this moment. So this is how to help someone. Yes. Yeah. Help. I was gonna go with how to help someone but then Mark pointed out the stump going up his ass.


And I'm remembering because of my, I've got some family background from places might cons, people might consider to be hillbilly. I'm pretty sure shoving a stump up your ass is a rite of passage among hillbilly culture. I'm gonna go with the hillbilly. How to dress like a hillbilly. Okay, interesting. I'm gonna leave my answer that I think is correct and go with that one. Because of the stump in the ass. Well I guess we'll see. Won't we? Yes. Yeah. Oh My god. Alright. We didn't expect that and we can't find the article with it. I think this image was changed to be something more serious as it Should be. That would not have been my guess. I had a feeling whenever that was an option that it might've been the right answer.


But also I appreciate at the top of the website when you get it wrong it's just like, nope. All. right. Next image. Buy lemon. Guys fucking hear That. That's idea Lemon. That was the website Guys. I don't know. I wanna buy a lemon right now. It is weird. Maybe this is as good a time as to say this game was made by lemon. Oh, I don't know who that is, but it's an online person. They they, they have a website. Can I guess this article before you even show the options? No, I got another lemon joke. Oh, Okay. Lemon. Go ahead. Lemon joke. Was that life giving us lemons? Cut it out please. Editors, Please don't cut that out. That's brilliant.


No, no We gotta leave that dude. That was gold. I wish I stopped. For the listeners at home we have a picture of a gentleman who's to shirtless with a pair of jeans on and he is flexing his muscles into a mirror looking very self satisfied at his image that he's seeing in the mirror. The man has a really unfortunate shaped hand with tiny fingers. Got a little bit of AI hand going on. I hear hands, I I'm not an artist so I I shouldn't judge but I hear hands are one of the hardest things to actually draw. I have also heard that. I don't know anything myself either. But I mean if you think about it, it's like it's, it's so many different little things that can be at so many different angles. It is pretty complex 'cause you have to get all of them perfect of and there's like 15 different segments here.


It's Tough anyway. The options are how to live in peace, how to cope with arrogant people, how to dance at a nightclub or how to develop common sense. Hmm. Okay, well this guy's prepared for war obviously, but that is the best way to live in peace is to be ready for conflict. Sure, sure. Speak softly and carry a big war. This guy's got a huge war. I can tell He's also got that big prominent belt buckle shirt's already off. This guy's dancing at a nightclub and showing all that off. Man, he's, this Guy never had a shirt. If he's got his belt buckle still buckled. He never had a shirt to begin with.


He's Got belts, shoes and pants. You assume he is wearing shoes. We didn't even know that for sure. I like that They provided the two pixel tall in seam. So you know that his legs go in different directions right there. He does have two legs. He's not a one leg stump man. Dude, his chest is like four times the size of his hips. He is super Johnny Bravo style. He's got that hyper idealized triangular body shape. Little Butt no dick to be shown. But my god those pecs are bursting. I Don't know about little but because I see a curve and we're looking at 'em basically from the front and I see a prominence back there behind the wiki. Yeah, that's true. Unless he's got that, that supermodel thing where you could stand where it looks like he's facing us but also his butts sticking out.


Hips Are straight but butts just like bubbling Out. I think it's so large we see it from the front. Oh my God front. But What were the options? Live in peace, cope with arrogant people. Dance at a nightclub. Develop common sense. Yeah. Wade is your turn. I already said dance at a nightclub. You're Locked in on that, huh? Shirts out. Belt buckles up. It's got to be arrogance. 'cause if it was in the mirror And, it didn't have a perfect reflection. Or maybe that would be I arrogance All, Right? Oh well. Nope, nope. To Wade the correct answer is cope with arrogant people. Yes. He looked arrogant. He is got that arrogant look. It made sense. I feel like I'm intentionally picking the wrong answer every time.


Well there's your problem. Well I wanted to give Mark A. Good headstart so I could come back and crush him later. Fair Enough. What the shit is to this one happening. Okay, We have a blue scene. There's a man sitting in a chair and everything is blue. He is got a what? What's that little arrow symbol called? Like Something is going on in his tummy with arrows pointing at it and then yeah, there's like two arrows in like a circle chasing each other, like kind of like a recycle almost type of thing. And There's two squiggly arrows pointing at his belly where there's a red dot and he's thinking exclamation point. He's got A watery thought bubble so he must have mud butt and he is, he's trying to prevent it from escaping also.


The chair has a shadow and he does not, He does not have a shadow. That's correct. Is that smudge on my screen or is there a wafting green? There's a fart. He's got a fart coming out of 'em. It It's diarrhea. It's it's how to, how to handle diarrhea. How to not shit your pants. How to not shit your pants. Okay, hang on, hang on. The options are how to clear a stuffy nose. How to stand up for yourself, how to fart quietly or how to control your urge to masturbate. God, I hope it's how to control your urge to masturbate. Oh my god. The red.is between belly button and sternum hands are in like a prayer motion but they're between his legs.


The cycle thing is confusing to me. I don't get what that's about. What's I think it's in through the nose, out through the mouth. I think that's what it's in nose out mouth. Oh also, I don't know, I'm critiquing the shadows but the, the way the chair shadow is splaying out, it makes it seem like the light source is right by the chair. It's Very dramatic lighting. I love the fart one but I don't know that I would sit with my hands and stuff like that if I was trying to fart quietly. That seems like a weird position. It's Gotta be fart because there's a green gas. I see gas in the picture. That was not accidental. That Is pretty conspicuous. Now this guy is looking at a total babe and he is trying so hard. He is doing his deep breathing. He's got the butterflies.


Butterflies have the red alert going off. They're like they're working their way down to shaft and he is like, no, I'm trapping you. This is the motion to trap the butterflies. so I don't get erection. No, This man is shitting and pissing and coming. He is about to do one of those three. Wait, so what are your actual answers though? Fart. Masturbate. Oh it's fart. Dammit. Oh man, I'm so good. Don't call it a comeback but I'm coming back baby. Ooh. How to not look at boobs. How to make maintain eye contact. How to get a guy to look at your boobs. We have a, a picture of a a, a young woman talking to a young man. The young man has an exclamation point in front of his face.


He Blushing. I think he's concerned because a floating exclamation point just appeared right in front Of his face. A red exclamation point was just like you. And he's like, Huh, how'd you know she was the one? Well an exclamation point flew right into my face. Yeah, I had a metal gear. Solid ling moment when I saw her. The girl seems pretty into him. Like I feel like the girl's body language is very positive. Yeah, she knows what she's doing and this guy's really nervous about it. This is how to successfully Cooper. Also, just to set the scene, there's the tiniest little bush and some grass behind the guy. It's a gradient background. Blue to white, but there's a bush. Anyway, your options are how to keep a straight face, how to tell if you are a metal poser, how to improve sexual stamina or how to talk to a shy boy that you don't know very well.


That seems too obvious. That's too obvious. Yeah, that's too, I will say the, the, the boy in the picture is dressed in all black and has black hair, Might be metal, Could be wannabe in the metal scene or thinks he's in the metal scene type of situation. Her Butt's protruding out. Her like belly and chest are emphasized. She's helping him improve his sexual stamina. I Don't think it's her butt that's protruding. I think it's her chest that's protruding because her butt seems to be straight up and down. But she's got the curve in her back to try to ju her chest forward. She's helping improve his sexual stamina. This is how to cougar but help your partner Also. This, this poor woman is all fingers no palm.


Her knuckles start right at the wrist. Very opposite of our, our arrogant man All, right Weights locked in on sexual stamina. Mark, what's your answer? I think it's gotta be shy. Boy, I I think that does probably seem like the correct answer. That's the one I do too, but I've gotta keep my street going. Is this golf rules stay? Is it golf rules Today? Listen, you weren't here for the handshake. That's true Actually you left. Oh God, I wasn't here for the handshake. Do I win? Okay, I know this one. You know this one. I know this one. I'm confused what it looks like. He's going really hard. This is me when I tell a joke, Molly looks at me incredulously but I'm so busy laughing at my own joke 'cause it was so funny that I don't care that she didn't find it funny.


That is an incredulous expression if ever I've seen one. There's a guy who looks very self satisfied and has a, what is that? A speech bubble or a thought bubble. He has like an emoji next to him of a smiling tongue out. Well He's got so much expression in his face. He couldn't contain it with his own face. He had to conjure a face. So He he did a real life emoji. Yeah, he either just like farted And it found it hilarious or he told that joke that he knows was funny. She didn't appreciate it yet, but she will later. I also love, you know some people have really deep v-necks. This guy has the shallowest v-neck as possible. How do you get his head through that thing? That's pretty tight. It's like a v-neck turtleneck like yeah, It actually goes up the sides of the neck a little farther than a crew would.


You know, just to give it prominence. You gotta hide those traps anyway. Is this from an article titled How to Raise a Child, how to Make a Girl Become Obsessed With You, how to Have an Imaginary Boyfriend or girlfriend Or How to Recognize a controlling person? Man, those are all plausible. Yeah. You think this is about how to raise a child? It Could be 'cause it could be a thing. They could be talking about the baby. What was the second one Again? How to make a girl become obsessed with You. I mean it worked for me telling jokes like that Clearly just by being so funny that even you can't stop from laughing. Yeah, I think I've locked in my answer. This article's about Wade. I think the incredulousness is actually there.


I don't think Wade was seeing things. I think this is about controlling person. Finally I reluctant, oh Wait, wait, which one's controlling the one not finding the joke funny or the one telling the Joke? I think she's like, Hey wait a minute, I have feelings. And he's all like, hmm, no you don't. I dunno. This, this, this, this picture's from the wrong article. Then we gotta put it in the right one. How to be funny. Damn. Oh no, My streak. You accidentally got it right Wade. Oh, it's the comeback. Oh no, Don't call it a comeback but it is, this is exactly how it works with Molly. She was originally laughed and she was like, okay, you're less funny than I thought but I God I want those loins. And I was like, I know babe. I get it.


Huh? I don't find this one very funny. I find this one confused. There's three green bottles that have little, the little red cross on them, like the little medical thing. Viewing windows. Well I think it's just sort of like a label but it doesn't have any words on it. This is for refillable pregnancy tests. So you instead of buying a strip per, you get like bottles that you just Oh You mean birth detectors? Birth Detectors, yes. Someone's given birth in this room. I'm gonna find out who Green and yellow makes me think. Sprite, lemon lime. It looks like shampoo bottles to me. Medical lemon lime lotion. This is like aloe lotion. It It's the weird like little window in the bottom middle that is throwing me off.


This is, this is a article called How to Keep Your Sunburn. Don't Use Aloe. How To Keep Your Sunburn. Pretty sure You know if you look at just the yellow inside, it looks like among us characters. So maybe it's about Monga Really? Actually it does. Oh Maybe this is about the minions. Wade loves those guys. Alright guys, your options are how to be a good wife. How to dissolve the ego, how to get your nipples pierced or how to get Famous while young. What? I think one of those stands out as a pretty obvious correct answer. I don't know about you guys. I like nipples so I'm going with them. Fair, Fair enough. Decisive. I like it.


It has to be that because the only time that you would be like don't use this product would be like if you add a pierce nipple and you needed to not have a certain product in there. 'cause it's like a still healing or whatever. It's gotta be that. It's gotta be the Nipples. Are we both locking in nipples? I think it's nipples. Yeah, it's nipples. Don't call it a comeback but Mark, I'm storming back. I think we're gonna do one more. Aw. But I'm having fun. I think that will stifle my comeback. This one Is a cute, I Guess I already know what's going on here. There is a young lady with dark hair and a backpack talking to what I would imagine is a parent.


Huh? Someone in more middle aged with like a, I don't know, a rope sack. Is that also a backpack? Why is it ropey? It's a backpack. Oh my God. Why are we letting you describe this? No, no. Trust me. I got this. I already got the title. I got it in the bag. I what? I imagine the parent has a little speech bubble with cat. Happy cat, orange cat. It's how to tell your girlfriend her cat passed away. Mm. That's why they're both smiling. 'cause he did a good job. Well, You don't see the next picture is actually, the next picture is the cat upside down. And then her, it has a frown. You know the Guy, this is the guy walked up and was like, Hey, you know your cat that you love so much. Next picture. Oh, I let him outta the house and he got run over and died.


This is the neighborhood alert I got where it was like, Hey, we found a cat. Cat looks like this. Has a collar, looks like this. It's like a happy cat. Pretty cat also it's dead. Got hit by a car. Ha Ha ha. Sorry, I just pulled up the options for what this could be. Is this from the article titled How to Touch a Girl, how to Increase Your Ejaculate, How To Be Edgy Or How to Talk to Girls As a Teen Boy. God, I thought this was a girl talking to her mom. so I don't like any of these options. Oh Man. You know that first option makes a lot of sense now.


Ah, so the guy is saying pussy. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Exact nailed It. No, there's no question here. This, there's no question mark. It's says pussy. No, but the cat does have three white lines on one side of its face but not the other. So it could be ejaculate. Oh, I, yeah, I see that. I guess, I think what Were the horrible fucking options again? That How, how to touch a girl, how to increase your ejaculate, how to be edgy and how to talk to girls. As a teen boy, There's nothing more edgy than watching walking up to someone and saying, cat, Cat. I mean, walking up to someone and saying pussy is pretty edgy I guess. I guess if you have like your, your baseball cap in your hand is like you're begging for money or something. Instead of like saying like coin dollar, you say, well see Mark, you lo you lock in first.


Mark. We'll give Wade. As much as I would love to believe this is simply about talking to a girl as a teen boy, we've really gotta look past the subtext here. It's talking about, it's talking to a girl as a teen boy. Alright, up to you Wade. I would Love Wade for you to somehow conjure how this is to increase your ejaculate. Well That is simple. You're having this conversation all the while you've got one thing on the mind and your goal is to multitask. Keep that thing on your mind while having another separate conversation. That way, you know, in the moment you're ready to go, it's there. But also, you know, you can focus on something else in that moment too.


Are you locking into the ejaculate wave? Oh, I'm a jack locking. You're eja locking. I'm lating this answer. No, I, I like what Bob said. Eja Locking. God, I hope this is the one. Oh, we would've seen that coming. It's how to talk to girls as a teen boy. Really thought this was a girl talking to like her mom about a cat. Her mom, I, my brain does not like I, I don't know. I see a mom. Can I just say the hands in this illustration pretty good. Unless That's her thumb. No, that's like an, that's like an an index finger. Like it's like this curl kind of. She's about ready to do one of these, you know, she's just getting ready.


The terrible hand heart. That Particular finger does not fit to me, but I will go with it. Don't Make fun of her finger. Oh, That doesn't feel good. Anyway, good work everybody. It went really well today for both of you. You both scored a lot of points. Mark, you earned points for, I gotta hold it in the light to read it. That's a mistake. Farting too much uncomfortable legs, poop squat, wade's penis. Short shirt problems. One kidney laughter. Yoga, middle school, kiss life. Hold on a second. Giving us lemons. Arrogant fart. Quietly shy boy and talk to girls. Can We roll the tape back?


Wait, you are in points for it. We're strong. Natural sleeper getting food. 30 minutes of shirt shit. Shower Tyler joke face. ATUs OMG. Front butt. Get girls obsessed birth detectors and pussy Mark, you are a total of 13 points. But my penis. Yeah. What about the penis? One of mark's 13 points was Wade's penis. I honestly barely remember. There was something we were talking about. Oh, the shorts, the ripping, the shorts and you were all Oh but you thought that was my penis was And. it was Wade's penis. You mark, mark pantomime, Wade's penis.


It Was my penis the whole time. All, right Mark, don't read into the fact that I'm rating your score first. But you scored 13 points. Wade, you scored a total of 11 points. Golf rules. And. it is not golf rules. 'cause I never threw that out there, so I'm not gonna do that to you. You wouldn't have to. It'd Just surprise us. Oh, okay. Surprise golf rules. Yes. Wait, that's not, no, that's messed up. That's messed up and I'm not gonna do that. Mark, you won Fair and square. Yay. Really? You did it. You are the victor. And I'll prove it to to you by telling Wade to go ahead and give his loser speech already. Hurry up And now the end is near. And so I face my final curtain my friend. No song lyrics.


I lost. I'm over it. I was funny. Peace. Anyway, mark, congratulations. Give your winner speech. Hi, This is a great game. I think that it's really a testament to this podcast that many of the single one-off episodes that we do could be entire podcasts in and of themselves. That's how great we are. And Bob, that was a well done game. I would love to do that again. Yeah. I will say I had this idea and I just happened to find this website in my research. I intended to get a bunch on my own, but I don't think I would've got some of the quite funny ones that we encountered by just randomly wandering around Wiki how and trying to gather them myself. This is a really well done website.


Damn dog. Very funny. Good times. Lemon. Lemon. Thank you. Lemon Made By Lemon. By Lemon or whatever. I don't know. Lemon. Anyway, thank you so much for watching everybody. Congratulations to Mark. He's gonna host the next one. You can check out merch at Distractible store.com. You can check out Mark at Markly Wade at Lord Minion 7, 7 7 or Minion 7 7 7 me at Myer in places. Make sure you follow the podcasts. Then you'll get notifications every time an episode goes live. And that's it. Really. Tried to think of something else to say, but I got nothing podcast out.