
Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home. And unbeatable 5G reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home yes, cool. Or attending one live, no, you can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at cox.com/internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises via coaxial cable. Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G Reliability as measured by okla LLC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary, not in endorsement of the restrictions apply.


Good evening, gentle listener, and welcome to Distractible. This episode, war headed Wade loses his d and d doodles, has superhero relatives and Microsoft Eats. His notes Bullying Bar lays into Wade finds Ninja Apartments, talks tos about wingspan and the biggest Mac Muncher melting. Mark talks ai, big chest, needing to exercise pee bigger beds and inappropriate oils from lewd wear clouds to killer bide. It's time for word pads broke. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show.


Hey everyone. Welcome back to another episode of Distractible. I'm the host and boy does it feel good to say that again. Wade, join is always by my, I called you co-host last time, and you guys were like co-host. Oh, are you cool? Oh, we're not gonna let you get away with anything. Don't worry about it. Yeah. Yeah. Join is always by my friends, friends ends. Hmm. And occasional hosts of this podcast, har at Bob. Hi guys. Occasional hosts. I host all the time. I'm the best one. We each host occasionally, I think I fall under the occasional hosts. I, I've been quite the losing streak. I'm the funniest one. I've had a pretty bad streak this year until lately.


I, I've lost a few in a row still January for us. What do you mean you've had a bad streak this year? I've had a real bad start to the year. First three months. Not as many wins as I would've liked. So you're predicting, you're, you're estimating your poor performance in the future, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I see. Based on my performance, I'm expecting those results. I believe it. He knows what's gonna happen. I'm just getting things written down on my, I'm gonna say my word pad here. You know, I'm just gonna get it outta the way here. My word pad here. So I had a whole bunch of topics and by a whole bunch, I mean at least five, that I would open up and I'll occasionally come up with an idea for the podcast. I'm like, Ooh, that's a good idea. And I'll open up word pad and I'll type it in there and I'll be like, okay, here's an idea. Here's a little like breakdown of what the idea is.


I'll save it. And then like, whenever I'm making my way toward these ideas or whatever, I'll go in and I'll like elaborate on them some and be like, okay, this is for some of them like secret words. In the past, I would come up with a list of words, whatever, have it. Well, it turns out that Windows had a forced update recently. And by recently you guys might be like, oh, it was like a week ago. And it, you know, it was a couple weeks ago, probably for you now, but for the first time since I think 1998 or something like that, WordPad is no longer a part of Windows. And I stupidly, apparently saved a bunch of stuff on Word pads. I was like, well, it's not like Microsoft Office or Adobe or something else where I, I might eventually lose it if I don't have that program. At least Word pads consistently with Windows. Not anymore. It finds out, Hey, I have WordPad on my Windows 11 computer.


I just opened it up. Well, I had to reinstall it and all of my stuff's gone. And I found some Reddit posts from people like Rest in Peace, WordPad 1998 to 2024. Weird. But anyway, WordPad was taken away from me and I lost all of my info, including all of my ideas. So I have nothing in the tank and I'm kind of upset about it. That's tough. For those that don't know, I play d and D every Wednesday on a channel called Lost Initiative on Twitch. And I had a huge document of background info items, progression notes, different things for my character, all gone along with all my Distractible ideas. So I'm a little disheartened. Those things are of equal value. Honestly. D and d is a bit of both.


'cause the podcast ideas I can always come up with more. No, no, no. You know, pages and pages of d and d bullshit is pales in comparison to yours. Distractible episode ideas. Oh, Hmm. Dude, it, my heart is, I'm trying so hard not to like you can cry. I'm crying internally. I am baby gonna Cry. Yeah, you gonna cry it out? I'm trying to be supportive. Is it working? You gonna cry? Oh no. Are you gonna cry? Oh no. Oh Yeah. Chad. Oh, Listen, I think that this is one small price of pay for the glorious progress that Windows and Microsoft as a company is pushing onto the world.


The, the versions of Windows just get better and better. Yeah. A few files might get lost here and there, but honestly, did you deserve them those files? Did you, did you deserve them? Yes. Nah, not according to Microsoft. I earned those files. You Didn't deserve 'em and you don't need 'em. Ask AI to recreate it from its memory because it did scan all of your information anyway. It had all of them stored in there. So you just gotta dig it out with the right question. Ask your copilot. Yeah. Have you been, have you consulted with Copilot? I bet Copilot knows how to solve your problems. That's right. Windows now has integrated ai, air quotations. It's ai. I mean whatever.


It's what everyone was asking for. Yeah, that's true. That is true. I think, I Don't even like that When you Google something, it gives you an AI answer. I always just ignore that and move on to the other results. I wish that they made like a browser extensions or something where you could be like, I want to Google and I want you to scroll down two pages so that I don't even see the AI summary or sponsored links. I just wanna see the actual Google results. This Is a weird throwback, but you guys remember whenever we were in school, we weren't allowed to use like Wikipedia as a reference for anything. It was like we had to have a book source, or if we had a website it had to be like a.gov or something like that. Like we had to have reputable sources for sure. I feel like compared to the Google AI and other AI search result engines, Wikipedia is the law of physics.


Like it cannot be faulted compared to some of these Google AI search results. They're so wonky sometimes and weird and just wrong that it makes every Wikipedia article I've ever read, ever look perfect. Or it's predicting future information that it knows you're gonna need someday. And you think it's wrong now, but it will retroactive future rule. Reactively make it correct. That's what the machines are gonna do. They're like, we made some mistakes in the past, but we can't make mistakes. We're perfect. We must make that the future then we'll have never been Wrong. Exactly. Now you're getting it. Now you're thinking with ai, speaking of ai, did you guys see how the entire AI industry is all kinds of Ah, because that one Chinese startup Yeah.


Because Deep seek released. Yeah, exactly. Deep seek. And then they came out with another with a, what is it, an image one, an image generation thing. That's all open source and free. Oh, Did they? I Forget what it's called, but yeah, it's, yeah. Deep SSE is scaring the shit out of all these people who have billions of dollars invested in AI companies. Yeah. And it's funny because if you read their data on how they made it, and I don't fully understand it all that well, but they were using a different programming language besides Python And it was a more lower level language closer to assembly for their programming, which is probably more efficient. But again, I'm speaking from a place of in experience, I don't know if that has much to do with, but the way they did their reinforcement training was very simple and made a lot of sense.


Instead of taking every data in the world and just going, it'll fit, It'll fit if we cram it enough in there many times. And so they broke the training into smaller pieces until the neural network was able to comprehend the individual, like separate segments that it was doing. And then it was combining them afterwards and allowing it to figure itself out as it was going. And then suddenly it was like way, way better. I, I read that. I was like, yeah, that makes sense. Were the other guys not doing that? Seems like, seems like they should have, seems like someone there would've, instead of a Spoonful of cereal, they opened the baby's mouth and just poured box after box and they're like, eventually you'll retain this swallow.


Yeah. Kind of that, from my understanding, given that most of the neural networks that I've seen examples of are like one and a half pages of programming, you know, something in the order of 50 lines of code and then boom, it's off to the races. We're gonna have AI betting instead of horse betting one day where they're like, we line up the AI to see who gets to the finish line first. That's the stock market right now. That is, Yeah, it is. Oh God, No. I will say, not that this isn't true of all of the AI things that you can use online, but man, if China wanted some data, did they pick the right avenue to get an unlimited supply of free data?


Make sure you look into the data retention policies. And I'm pretty sure that, I don't remember exactly, but the deep seek data policy is something like if you type it in, even if you don't hit enter, we own that shit forever. And we probably de-identified the data. So it's probably anonymous, but we're not gonna explain how we do that. Yeah. Why would we Take our word for it? Trust me bro. Trust me bro. Which I have no faith that I know that other companies like OpenAI and stuff have policies that say different things and I'm sure they follow their policies because no corporation has ever lied about what they're doing with data. But also, I have no faith than any other companys any better.


But make sure you don't type any important shit in a deep seek because that's, that's no longer private. You might as well be posting that publicly everywhere on the internet. So, but I don't think anyone gives a shit judging by how many people immediately downloaded Red Note and were like, come on, watch me algorithm me. I don't think anyone gives a single fuck about who has their online data, so No worries, no worries. Honestly, for some of those it's probably like, yeah, the data isn't particularly valuable. But you know, some people using these services are probably using them on computers that are connected to various sensitive systems. And if it's got basically a key logger in the program, who knows what it could do.


I'm not saying it is or does that stuff, but it's like people need to have more caution about using these services. Probably shouldn't log into deep seek on high security, important, valuable computers for your workplace. Yeah. Or yeah, I mean whatever. I understand. They're like, how many clowns can I fit into a car if they were naked and Kellogg's like, this is the person we need to target. We got 'em. I mean, how many more do you get if they're naked versus if they're in full clown gear? 'cause that does take up naked And lubed or naked and dry. Ooh, They're always lubed. That's clown life. Yeah. Well, okay, just checking. I feel like the difference is a lot then. 'cause Naked and Lubed gives you a lot of leeway.


You Can slither a lot in There. 'cause imagine all the, the ones with the big hoop outfits like the big wide Yeah, Yeah. I mean one those flatten, but even still like you, you're gonna lose some volume in that. It's a lot of ruffles. An Interesting Google. And since I said it out loud, my data is now out there. It's True. You know what's even weirder is the resurgence of instead of fearing clowns, there's like this subset of the internet that is starting to become attracted to clowns. What? Have you seen this? No, not really. No. Who Needs a dick when they got that big nose? Maybe I'm just on the wrong corner of the internet. Who's you? Are you telling us something? No, there's a word.


There's a term for it. Amy, put this on. I'm not hearing a No, there's There's, There's a, there's a Ophelia. Y'all. You All right? Chlorophyll. That's the powerhouse of the cell. Wait, what the fuck? All right, so if you go on Wikipedia, cool Lia, it says at the top quote, Klossy redirects here for the village in Poland. See, cool Lia is a paraphilia Towards clowns. There's an associated subculture dedicated to it.


And cool lia may intersect with cool phobia. The fear of clowns. Now the reason that made me think of that is because before I deleted TikTok, there were several clown TikTok people. Clowns. There were Several clowns. Now they're on only honks. All right, now you're talking. Now you're talking. And I was, I was reading some discussion about this on Reddit and there was a thread that was discussing that the rise in that coincided with the first it. And when Pennywise first appeared as the new Pennywise, you know what I mean? Bill Skarsgard. Yeah. Did great job.


Hmm. I mean, yeah, scar Skarsgard. Yeah. I love that Guy. Have you guys seen the newest Nosferatu that he's in? No, I haven't. And I haven't seen any good movies lately. Have. That's fair. I guess I didn't really give you guys an avenue for small talk. We just kind of jumped right up talking about my pool shit. No, you said you didn't have a topic. We're doing it also. Nobody just called me out that I think I said. Oh no, it is Bill Skarsgard. Is his brother Alexander Skarsgard or is that a different guy? He's got several, I think at least one or two family members that are actors and stuff. I don't remember their names though. Well I said the right one then. So nevermind. I thought I was an idiot. This is bizarre. This sentence following the 2016 clown sightings, which is a clickable hyperlink.


The what? According to PornHub searches for clown pornography on its sight increased 213% with women being 33% more likely to search for it than men. It's the nose. What is the 2016 clown sightings? I think that was actually a bad thing. That's when people dressed up as clowns and scared people. The 2016 clown sightings were reports of people disguised as evil clowns in incongruous settings. Such as, remember forests and schools incidents were reported in the us, Canada, Australia, in the uk subsequently in other countries and territories as well. This all started in August of 2016. That was a big thing. Yeah. People were like scaring people 'cause they were walking around as the clowns.


I do kind of remember that now that I'm like reading about a little bit. I don't remember that at all. I Can't believe I know something that you didn't. I never saw one, so it wasn't a thing that I like lived through. But I do remember that. I don't remember that at all. Look, I'm just gonna throw it out there. Still not a clown fan. Whatever clicked for everyone who's into the Clutsy. Not for me. Tyler also hates clowns Also. Wouldn't it be clown nussy? I guess Klossy makes sense. Cloudy Santa Klossy. I don't want, nah, I don't. No, That's a big difference between the Klossy and Santa Klossy. You know Santa's pretty close to being a clown. He is. Got the red nose. He's just a little white face paint away. Yeah. Santa has the red nose.


Santa is like a PC clown. He doesn't have like the Rudolph red nose, but he's got like the red, like I've been out in the cold a long time knows. Oh I see. All right. So anyone that goes out in the cold with their noses exposed starts to risk clown. What is it? Well, a clown wolf. A wear clown Wear clowning. Their clown Wear clown. I don't remember how we got to clowns. I don't Either. We're talking about lubed up clowns getting into a car. How many more there could be. Oh That's right. Getting into a car. Right, right, right, right. Oh yeah. Ai. Wow. We went down ai. That's right. Ai. Ai. You know, remember the big Klu sighting in 2016? How we get Oh yeah. Ai. I'm pretty sure it's not pronounced Klu, but I don't want to go on a limb.


Search it. What? So I'm gonna keep track of your searches And incognito. That'll help. That will never protect you. Okay, wait. How to pronounce? Okay. There's a YouTube video. I see this Plussy. Well yeah, they do do Clutsy but I don't know about that. That doesn't sound right. Oh, it's all, it all ends in usy. No, that's clumsy. That's not the right word. Clumsy. Get you some of that clumsy. I'm Not, I'm not getting anything. I'm not getting anything out of this. I Think you did. You just don't like what you found. Yeah, I don't like what I found. Well anyway, yeah, word pad's gone and AI's gonna fix it all.


I guess so. Yay. I have news. Oh, I don't know why that was your intro. I'll take It. Sounds good to me. I didn't mind it. Have You heard of the Rooftop Ninja? No. It's not as exciting as it sounds. And honestly now that I'm saying it out loud for the first time, it's Rooftop Ninja. Much more in the vein of that woman who sings the song. Who she's all I want to be ninja. Do you know that video? Yeah, I think so. No, It's kinda like that. 'cause this is the story of a 34, 30 4-year-old woman in Midland, Michigan who has discovered to have been living inside the signage on top of a supermarket for about a year.


Apparently in 2024 contractors were on the roof of this grocery store, family fair grocery store and saw an extension cord plugged into a outlet leading over around a corner into a little separated off area. And they went and explored. 'cause they were curious when they discovered a mini apartment set up. You know how on grocery stores on top it'll say like real big like Kroger and it's like on top of the building, the family fair thing is like a small 15 by five room on the outside of which it says family fair. And on the inside of which is a 15 by five apartment with a desk with a computer and a printer, a Keurig, a pantry with food, a thriving houseplant and apparently also flooring installed.


And a woman lived there for about a year before she was discovered. She had a car, had a job that she just went to. She was just living in it. Like this was her normal apartment. But also somehow was never discovered. Dude Going to the grocery would suck a lot less if it was just downstairs. I don't know how you get up and down off that roof. I'm thinking it's probably kind of a pain in the ass. But it would be nice to live that close to the grocery Store. What was the name of the store? The, the market or whatever Family Fair. I like to think there's a secret elevator where like the a ir just like lowers down and she rides it And it like bounces back up. Well it couldn't be because it's fair. FARE as in that's delicious. Fair. Maybe it's far.


The FAR drops and goes back Anyway. I just, I I feel like, so the resolution of it was they discovered her in the store, called the police and they trespassed her so she can't come back in the store. And they let her get her belongings apparently. But then they were like, you can't do that. I say, let her live there. You need, you didn't notice. I Do too. That's like a, a mini attraction. You didn't notice for a whole year that this lady's living clearly it's not impacting you. And the housing climate that we live in, I feel like this woman just found a way to beat the system. Seems just shitty to just kick her out. 'cause now it's just empty now nobody lives there. Turns Out she had a seven figure job and just really liked living on top of there. I it must be very satisfying to live somewhere rent free. The only place I live rent free is inside Mark's head.


Hey, I didn't know you were in there. I'm gonna evict you now. Get out of my head. That's Why you can't spell so good. 'cause I'm in there jumbling 'em all up. I wouldn't be surprised. You're just jealous. 'cause I can picture an apple rotating in my head. It's spinning. That's why I got in there in the first place. I wanted to see the apple. He's like, whoa, Look at Apple. I don't even need to close my eyes. I see an apple spinning in my head, not in front of me. Like some people seem to believe it is. If I had an apple, I'd see an apple in front of me. I don't, I don't though. What's a good story? I, I wish she continued to live there though. I Feel like she, she earned the right to live there. I feel like if you, if you, if you break a gear and nobody notices, you got eternal dibs on that.


Not like someone else is dying to live there. It's just a waste. That reminds me of when you said rooftop ninja. I don't know if you guys are aware of this story or not. I dunno if I've talked, I might've talked about this in the past too. Do you guys remember the superheroes of Cincinnati including shadow hair? Have I talked about them before? I'm sorry, what? Shadow hair. Look up Cincinnati. Shadow hair. HARE. Okay. Oh, he, this guy says he lived in Milford. Yeah. So fun fact. I have a family member who was one of the superheroes who ran along with him. Ooh. Oh As they were heroes around Cincinnati. So I know Shadow hair's identity, which I will not be sharing.


You know, shadow hair. I do. You're gonna just put it out there publicly that you know this information. Someone's gonna kidnap you and torture you. Now I know the Lex Luther of Cincinnati is gonna come kidnap me and hang me upside down. Who is he? Dude, Rex Buford is not gonna take this lying down. And yes, our Lex Luther is called Rex Buford. It's appropriate. I just see this, this image of shadow hair on a segue and I'm like, oh hell yeah. They made the news years ago. There was a whole new segment about Shadow hair and the Hero troop. I believe the villains might be at ease though. 'cause I think he's retired now.


Yeah, we had, we had a band of superheroes running around Cincinnati for a little while and I knew at least one or two of their identities Apparently Shadow Hare was a member of the Allegiance of Heroes, which included other masked crime fighters such as Ecliptic Co Wall Creeper and Master Legend. That just sounds like a list of wish.com Copycats of the Avengers. I don't know. It's ecliptic co. I kind of want to know, you know, Tyler's handle is Apocalypto. Oh, ecliptic Co. Hmm hmm. Also, Tyler's pretty creepy. Could be Wall Creeper. I think the years that Shadow Hare and the allegiance of whatever you said we were active was before like the Marvel up tick before it became super popular.


Like, you know, they obviously had the comics. Oh, so they did it first. But it was like the, it was, it was, I think I was just out of high school. We were, we would've just been outta high school. So this was like, it is like mid to late two thousands. And I think Ironman came out like 2008, 2005 to 2010. Apparently. That's, Hey that man, I was right home with that one. Like I said, I had a personal stick. They maybe they rescued me once. I can't remember. But never forget whenever you said Rooftop ninja. I was like, we have new superhero in Cincinnati. I I was hopeful. Anyway. I was a random side tangent, but I Can't believe I didn't hear about that. I literally was living, that was while I was in college in Cincinnati mostly. Yeah. I I didn't hear about a thing. Well Now you know, I mean, mark, you didn't know about the clown sightings of 2016.


Well, I don't know if any of you did. You either. I did. Did you guys? I didn't really. I didn't really, but wait Dude. Okay. All right. I thought it was pretty well like I thought there were like news segments. It was kind of a thing. 'cause people were actually scared because they weren't just like walking around as clowns. Some people were like carrying things that looked like weapons and stuff, like to intimidate. Like they were try some of 'em were trying to scare people. Not a reporter didn't go into like King's Island Hollywood or Halloween Horror Nights or something. Like Hollywood Horror Nights. Very different. I'm coming to you from a house. This house sprung up overnight here at King's Island. We've never seen it before. They're disguising it as a thrill park ride called a House of Terror. We're gonna go inside and see what we can find. It's horrible in here. How could someone live in these conditions?


It wasn't there. It was out like the woods. Or people would be pumping gas and someone would like step out from behind a bush, like as a clown and then like try to disappear or something. I'm surprised people dressed as clowns didn't end up getting shot or killed. Maybe they did. Yeah. I feel like you do that in the wrong place in America. I feel like if you're scared of clowns and someone walks out dressed like a clown holding a baseball bat, my first thought would be either run the fuck it's fight or flight. You know, it's one of those two. I'm a flight. Some people are fighters. I have news Okay. As well. Good. Nah, no, no, no, no. You know, it's not, it's not worth it. Oh, okay. Go on. No, no, no. It's just, there was an article talking about if humans could fly, how big would our wings be?


And I'm like, that might be interesting. And then I'm like, it's kind of dumb, you know? I want to hear about that. How big would our wings be? I feel like TV and movies have already answered this for us because they tend to agree. What do they say? I can't remember what's his name? The, the guy who is now Captain America have wings from the Marvel movies. I forget his name. Those are about the same size. And then from the mo from the TV show. Lucifer technically not human, but a human sized guy. And there are also angels in that movie. They all have wings. The wings are approximately all the same size, I feel like. And that basically when they're folded up, it's like as tall as the person is.


And then the span is a little bit wider than the person is tall. It's aesthetically pleasing. That's what, it's Not Nearly big Enough. Well, we're like bumblebees. It's a physics miracle that we can fly. But it's, it's just how it works. What this article is saying, like a five foot tall person would need 20 feet, 20 foot wingspan. What The Shit that's, if they weigh 150 pounds at five feet, they need 20 feet of wingspan. So extrapolating that to like you guys' size, you would need somewhere around like 24, 25 feet. I would need Like a 40 foot wingspan. I'm reading the average would be 6.7 meters, which is about 22 feet. Jesus Christ.


Nah, no, that's ugly. That's ungainly. But we don't have the correct muscle mass. And our wings and bodies would still be too heavy to really be able to fly. Yeah. That's not the only thing. Your tits would have to be so incredibly large to pull those wings in. So not only would you have an incredible wingspan, you would be barrel chested like no other human has ever been. Like Eddie Hall levels of just chest. So like Dolly Parton could fly, eh? Yes. She's our only hope. 'cause she's skinny. Isn't she famous for having a big chest? I don't. Maybe I'm thinking of the wrong person. No, I think you're right.


Yes, I think so. Yeah. All right. She's our only hope. Give her some wing science. Anyway. That's why I was like, it wasn't, this news wasn't newsworthy. There's nothing to be said here. No, There's ways around this mark. All we need to do is hollow out our bones. Make lots of bone broth to lighten our weight. I was just gonna suggest that if humans are gonna evolve wings, we should also evolve bio jets, which is a system of jet propulsion that is fueled biologically And it integrated into our living system. Photosynthesis jets. It's the powerhouse of the cell. I feel like this is copying the go. My favorite sports team episode where me and Tyler came up with the ultimate athlete and he had a jet in his chest. I'm sorry, I'm unfamiliar with that show. What is this Go? My favorite sports team.


The number one sports podcast in the world. Oh, I listen to a lot of sports podcasts. I've never, never heard of that one. Oh, it's number one. Oh, in our hearts. And the number one episode featured yours Truly. Well, not anymore. Yeah, probably. It probably might not be anymore. But at one time. The next one is, I think the next one is where you both were on there. So I, I don't know. People Love us. Thank you people. We are the famous ones here. Yeah. The trouble is all the news from my source is just sad, depressing world news that's occurring right now because it's so crazy that it comes up in the crazy feed. I have a question. There's a man who is from a place in Wisconsin, the name of which I take issue with.


But apparently fondue lack Wisconsin is a place. There's a man who lives there named Donald Gorski who is 70 years old and has been he not entirely exclusively, but almost entirely exclusively Big Max or over 50 years. Damn. How many Big Macs do you think he's eaten Nothing but Big Mac for 50 years. So every meal is Big Max, Basically. Yeah, he, if he needs a meal, it's likely a Big Mac. It's almost guaranteed. So let's assume two Big Macs a day. 365 days a year for 50 years. I don't feel like doing that math. Is that 3,650 Big Macs?


Not even close. Oh, I thought you that was one year's worth. And it was like he eating 10 Big Macs a day And a day. How many Big Max he eaten? Okay. How many 50 years. Every meal Over 50 years. This, this article says he's been doing it for over 50 years and there have been eight days in those 50 years where he consumed zero Big Max. Oh. So He averages definitely over one Big Mac per day. But I don't even know what his upper limit is. I don't know why. In the age where we have calculators within arms' reach, I'm trying to do this math in my head. At 10. It was a hundred. That should be like 36,500 Big Mac. Oh, okay. This will help. This will help.


Here's a description of his average daily eating habits. Typically two big Macs a day. Skip's breakfast. Has a small evening snack, which is not a Big Mac, Little Mac, But has Big Mac for lunch. Big Mac for dinner to maintain his health. Gorsky does not ever eat french fries and walks six miles a day. All right, well And he has kept meticulous records of his Big Mac consumption. Literally saving receipts and containers in which the Big Macs were served to him. Wait containers. Oh, I don't know if I wanna say a 50-year-old Big Mac container.


The greasy. Well they probably wouldn't age at all. They probably Perfectly look the same as the day they got soaked in grease. That stuff doesn't go wrong. It doesn't go bad. The way He could show how the Big Macs used to be in a box this big and now they come in a box this big. What do those dolls call where you open it up? There's a smaller doll inside Russian nesting dolls. McDonald's nesting Mac. Apparently he's also eaten Big Macs at every single NFL stadium. Major league Baseball stadium and NASCAR track in the United States. Well if he's had to walk six miles a day, he is had to walk around to the US a bunch. That makes sense. So there isn't always a McDonald's in these places. He takes a Big Mac and intentionally goes it there. He brings it.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's dedication. It's Gotta be between 35,000 and 40,000 Big Macs. Two a day for 50 years. Two times 50 is a hundred, right? 365 days a year. A hundred times 365. 36,500. I'm gonna go 36,501. What's the fucking game show where people do that? What Is the game show? What could the game show be? What is the game show? Daily. Daily Daily dudes. What's that game show? Have No idea. Price is right. Fuck. You know the daily dudes? Oh, you got the Daily Doodle. If you're playing price Right rules, you're both wrong. Okay. But you're very close.


Apparently his officially recorded number is 34,128. Big mix. But he's got different length years than we do. Well, he might not eat two every single day I think is the big Thing. So his average like 1.89 or something? Yeah, his average is probably somewhere between one and two a day. So he is a pathetic loser is what I'm hearing. Basically. Also, I just wanna say he holds the world record for most Big Max Eaton in a lifetime. He got that in 1999 when he passed 15,490 Big Max Eaton. Who else Was keeping track? He was like, fuck it, let's see how high we can raise this bad boy. And he kept going forever.


So McDonald's needs to take their sign that says billions and billions served. And now that they know that one person is destroying the average there, they gotta go down to millions and millions again. That's True. That sign is a lie. Thousands and thousands served. Plus Gary Donald Gorski Plus Donald Gary Gorski. Gary's his middle name. Donald Gorsky. Yep. That's Donald Duck that I cried and didn't work. That I can, ignoring what he chose. I can't imagine eating anything that much in my entire life. And I know food is different and for some people eating the same thing, oh all the time is like comforting. I don't think I could do it. I hope 50 years from now I'm not eating the same stuff I'm eating now, ever.


I hope it's all interesting and new. I don't know because You never gets sick. Imagine having like the flu, running a fever and you're like, oh, I could barely keep soup down better have my Big Mac. Well, clearly he likes it. I he probably makes him feel strong as an ox to eat his daily Mac. There's Just a grease layer that prevents any disease from getting in. What if he lives longer than anyone else in human history? Apparently he's pretty healthy. He has consistently healthy cholesterol levels. And generally his doctors say his health is pretty good for a 70-year-old guy. I mean he is doing his doing All right. I imagine it has much more to do with the six miles of walking than it does with the Big Max Macs.


Hey listen, I could definitely eat a Big Mac more readily than I could walk six miles a day so I know which one I'd rather do for health. Yeah. God, I need to start exercising again. Oh, I'm so outta shape. Oh, I used to be so gloriously in shape. Dude, I met that. I mean, not that we've ever been in the same ballpark of in shape, but I'm at that point right now where I worked out yesterday And it was like not a hard workout, like the easiest workout I've done in a long time. I woke up and sat up and had that moment where I was like, ah. Oh yeah, I worked out yesterday. Fuck. But I thought I was just like dying a little bit because everything, everything everywhere.


So 20 minutes I spent standing and crouching to pick up shit and my thighs are on fire. What a workout. We don't have to be these people guys. We can change our lives for the better right now. Doesn't that blow your mind that you could just decide right now to become a different person? I'm gonna stand up. I'm becoming a different person as you speak. I'm gonna stand up. Have fun with that Fucking losers. I am standing. Mark, Your height didn't change that much. It did Though. I to Camera. That's so rude of you. I'm literally outta the frame. I'm so tall. Lot twist.


You have a little stepping stool by your chair. I know this is gonna rip cables out from everywhere, but here I Go. Mark freezes and disappears again. Mark. No. Oh everyone's frozen. Why did that happen? What could have possibly pulled? Who did that? You must have lost wireless fidelity for a moment. Fuck. Oh he froze. Why is that happening? You're stretching those cables. Mark. I think you're still out of frame.


You're gonna have to keep moving it. I gotta keep going. It's got so far up to travel. Here we go. Am I still here For Now? I appreciate you picking such a nice pose to freeze in. I don't Know that mine would end very well if I tried to raise it. My cables are already a bit stretched. It's a good thing you shelled out for the standing desk. Thank You. I knew one day I would have the opportunity to maybe one stand. Haven't yet Someday. Maybe I got it. 'cause I got a VR set and I was like, well I'm gonna wanna stand for vr. So, but then that stayed in the box too. Can I just say I am sore? But we've been sitting recording for a while. It feels so good to stand up. Yeah, I mean I would always have my recording set up standing.


I don't know why I went to sitting but one day I did and I regretted it. It's just A trap man. Oh, Much better. This is the thing too, it's like people generally agree with this, but every time I work out, like yesterday when I was doing the workout while I was doing it, I was like, God this feels so good. Like my joints feel better. It feels great. And yeah, I'm sore today but like I know it's good for me And it feels like it's good for me and still I'm like well I could go to the gym or I could just drive to Taco Bell and bring home Taco Bell for lunch and somehow Taco Bell wins. Of course it does. 'cause well some of it tastes good. I'm not a big taco person, but It's like eating food grade diarrhea.


I like it but it's not good. Great. It's a great way to clean out the system. I seriously talked to Molly though about joining like A-Y-M-C-A to play basketball because like I want other people to play around with and plus in the winter We have the, that's where I go. I go to A-Y-M-C-A. We have a basketball court over here. I don't know how to basketball, but if you come over here I'll try. I know where you put it in the hoop. You Sure do. And you throw it somehow up there. I could learn, I Don't know if we live close enough to Y together. The one I go to is sort of in the opposite direction from where you guys live. So I mean there's one more in the in-between parts probably. Hey, there's one in between us that's like three minutes from me and 40 from you.


I think that sounds perfect. Oh, you guys only live 25 minutes away. So that's pretty close. But All the, there's no whys in between us. They're all the opposite directions. We'll just have to join one of those fancy country clubs that's in there. There's a bunch of country clubs between us. Yeah, we can look at people golfing instead of us doing anything that'll help. Nah, they must have basketball there, right? That's cool, right? Yeah, right on the field. You know the golf field. Well I think a country club. I think those little like tiny sandwiches with a toothpick in it. And I think of a bunch of old people laughing in rocking chairs. Is that what country clubs are? Yes. Effectively. I always just think of Rodney Dangerfield. No respect. No respect. I tell you My main country club vision is caddy shack.


'cause that's the kind I want to be a part of. What were we talking about? How did we get here? Being clowns. I'm unhealthy and we don't have to be unhealthy. We don't have to be. That's right. That's what it was. Yeah. We don't have to be clowns. We could be healthy. Clowns are probably very healthy. Oh, I'm sick Stan. I'm gonna put my desk back down. They say laughter's good for you. The patch Adams and whatnot, right? Something like that. So I have a development in Chica. In Chica with Chica. Is that your, I don't know if I want to know this one. Mark, you're Nude AI assistant. Chica. Yeah. Yeah. So recently, this is not gonna be news, but it's just really, really cute.


So she's always had a tiny bed her whole life. She's had a tiny little bed. She loves curling up in a tiny, itty bitty bed that barely fits her. And then when she wakes up or I wake up and I see her sprawled out her, her neck is like folded backwards over the lip and just like she looks just completely upside down. But she's always like the small beds. And then recently she's chosen to like sleep on the floor as opposed to the beds themselves. So we had guests over and we had a, A floor mattress, right? It's not blow up mattress. It's just a nice floor mattress. And then she just started sleeping on it and we're like, oh no, you're not allowed the bed I guess. And we, we just let her do it that night. And then ever since she's laid on this huge human sized bed and she fucking loves it.


She's crawled out on there. She's completely comfortable. She loves it. So now she has a big giant people bed and she's so happy 'cause she's never been allowed on the bed. So it's like she finally gets her bed. So I'm very proud of her. What I would've done was put a bigger bed under her small bed and then eventually removed the small bed. Then she would've transitioned. But giving her just a king size mattress. What are you a behavioral therapist or some shit? What is that? Yeah, I would sit down, I would sit her down on the bed and be like, so chica, what is it about the small space that makes you feel comfortable? We would have a discussion where she would open up and tell me why she needed that small comfort. You know, therapy is not all exclusively talk therapy or physical therapy. I've done physical therapy.


I should have remembered that one. I mean you could do talk therapy, which it'd probably be really fun. Turns out physical therapy does not in effect repair a ripped tendon. Who Knew? Does stretching it in this direction make it feel better? Ow, ow, ow. Nope. Nah, it's still ripped. Sorry, side tangent. If there's a way to make an ai, like to make cha GBT or whatever, talk the way that you do chicas voice mark. I would prefer that if that was doable. Like This? Yeah. Yes. Earn left in two miles. You Can converse with them now. Right? You can have voices and you can converse with whatever Gemini and chat stuff.


I want a chica voice. I thought of map navigation first thing where it's like missed your turn. Go back. I Know you can record your own sound pack for directions and stuff. I just don't know if I can upload it for everyone else to enjoy it, which would be super fun. Does Shakira have a sound pack? Yeah, but it's really confusing. Where Do I turn whenever that doesn't help. Feet turn. Damn it Sir. Curie Shari. And it doesn't work. Go Ons Curie. Is that like a Siri thing? Yeah, I was trying and didn't I was just gonna say, wouldn't it be Shaki maps at Google Maps? I would use it if it were, but I have a cure for Mark's issue.


Having only sad articles. Did you know there's an entire news organization Mark that only does good news. It's the good news network. Hmm. For 20 years they've been only delivering us good news. Are you about to tell me that they've declared bankruptcy? The Sad, sad news of good news news Going away. You can give them an email. It's good news network.org. If they did declare bankruptcy, wouldn't the headline be, don't worry about us, everything's fine. And then just silence. I mean looking at it at a glance, there's a lot of good news there were four good newses today. That's Not very many. That's not nearly enough. Good Newses. They're doing their best. It looks like they do four good newses every day.


That's all they could come up with. It used to be a dozen a day. Yep. Only four these days. Okay, Well four is something I guess technically. Yeah, that's A little nice. Hey, good news. You have less to read today. Hey, This one feels a little bit passive aggressive. I'm not gonna lie. One of today's USA good news is, is volunteer at the national archives is going to translate cursive handwriting for modern newbies. Translate. That feels like a slight, they don't Teach cursive anymore. Apparently not. I mean, look, I learned cursive the way that those fuckers wrote the Declaration of Independence and shit. That's not even cursive. The way that we learned it, that's not even the cursive.


The way our parents learned it, they had some crazy shit going on back then with handwriting and whatnot. It's very cool and pretty. Like it looks awesome, but it's like it's half English, which it kind of is, I guess. Well it's pretty English. I don't think fun was invented back then. So the only thing they had to do was work on their handwriting and cut down trees to build houses. He's probably right about that. Yeah, they didn't do much else. I believe it. You are either a writer or a chopper. I have to pee. I didn't know how else to say that. I really, do you have your hall pass? I don't know. I really gotta go. Can I go? All right, Can you or may you?


Oh, May I? No, we're, yeah, go. Okay. I'll be Right back. This is important. This is gonna be on the test. Oh, he is leaving. Ooh, this is interesting news. Virginia sets date for first nuclear fusion plant in the US to produce emission free electricity. Aside from, you know, potential catastrophic explosion or whatever happens with nuclear fusion stuff. That's cool. Emission free, no byproducts, no nuclear waste. Eventually those little fans that you use it like a stadium, when it's really hot, they can spray water. Those will be nuclear powered. That'd be tricky. Be cool though. You never run out of fan juice. Real tiny little nuclear fusion reactors.


Inside those blades might be very deadly to how fast they can spin. You start to have like a reactor meltdown and the blade just take off like a helicopter. Like can't shut it down. Flood the control rods or whatever. Pour your drink on it. I see. Where mysterious clay mounds on Mars were formed by ancient waters. According to a British study. That was January 25th news. This one doesn't feel like good news. It's like making the most out of really bad news hub owner adopts dog after it dashed into bar when owner died in car crash. Okay, sorry. Yeah, that's kind of sad news. Here's the news here, mark. Okay, Hub owner adopts dog after it dashed into bar when owner died in car crash.


Oh, Now he's a local favorite. Hooray. Like his owner died and the bar, he ran to a bar like help. And the owner's like, you're mine now. And now it's like, yay. Happy ending Ish. That that is sad. Good news. I guess They're trying here on the Good News Network. As A total aside, I know I haven't had many good topics, like an actual side of the podcast recording, kind of trying to like figure out a way to circle it to some kind. Like I've been trying. But literally all of the, the normal things that I would like go to for articles are just filled with, Trump does something crazy. They did something crazy. Again, here's an easier, even crazier thing.


I'm like, I'm like tapped out. I got nothing. Dude. We're circling the drain of pain right now in news. Yeah. All the worst sports stuff. All the worst political stuff. And that political, political, I, I just forgot to do my small talk. Can I small talk, of Course. This is not news to anyone who already knows, but I've officially been converted over this past weekend. I installed a bidet in our bathroom. Oh Wow. And this morning I finally worked up the courage to use it for the first time. It's like a, it's like a basic one. It's like a cheap one. I so it just has a knob where you just turn it on and off. I installed it and I was like, I wonder what the water pressure's like on this bad boy.


And I just cracked the knob, just the tiniest amount to where it turned on. And that thing was just like, and I was like, oh my God, it's going to like cut me in half. Jesus. So I've been afraid to use it, but this morning I, I was like half awake and I was in the on the toilet and I was like, just do it. Just do it a little bit. Dude. Everyone was not lying. B days are fucking awesome. It's so good. I've still never used one myself. They're so good. It's not what I would've expected at all. I love it. Fantastic. I've tried to use one, it didn't work as I was thinking and the dryer didn't dry anything.


But I'm guessing you could just manually dry. That's what the toilet paper is for then, right? I suppose. Yeah, That makes sense. Just you use the toilet paper to sort of dry everything up and make sure you're good. But the bidet part, ours isn't even, he, it, you can buy ones where it heats the water. Ours is just cold water. Love it. But aren't you worried about the water pressure suddenly spiking and you get water jet cut in half? A little bit, but I actually know because of reasons that I didn't enjoy at the time. Our house has a water pressure regulator valve. And so even if the system water pressure does spike, it's basically impossible for it to do that inside of our house's system. I just thought of a crazy hitman map where they're trying to assassinate you.


Agent 47 replaces the pressure valve and there's like times it waits with the x-rays to look at you on the toilet, then splits down the middle. Mission successful agent 47. Someone make a custom map of that, please. Developers of the hitman series. We know you're watching, We know you're looking for ideas. We need the BT killer. I've never actually played it too much myself. I played the original Hitman 47 And it was not a funny game at all. But nowadays I love the direction they've taken. 'cause it's an extremely funny game now because there's this time where of 40 seven's outside of a window and guys like, what's that doc? Oh, my cancer's gone. Oh, that's such good news.


And he's by a window over a cliff. This is great. I gotta tell my wife my kids are gonna be so ha this is And it hangs up. Thank you so much. Oh, nothing can ruin this day. Hitman pulls the right out the window, right into the rocks below. I was just like, it's really funny and I'm glad they took that because it's such a strange idea of a, of a game. But anyway. Hey, 47 Hero by Night Killer Bidet. That's good. Any more News? You all have, There's no news out there. What are you talking about? I try. I bought a knife sharpening kit. I know how to piss off an entire knife sharpening commu knife community in, in two sentences.


What are the sentences? It looks like a gaming controller for like the Nintendo Switch Mini The sentences are, Hey all you watch this? Oh, I bet. I I bet everyone's mad. I Don't like that sound. I don't even know what's happening and I don't like that sound. I Hated that. I don't know, I I don't know how to sharpen anything. Is that the Correct direction to sharpen? I always thought you sharpened like sharp part away. Oh, you'd think that probably. I hope so. I told you I'm gonna make people really mad really fast. I thought you were just gonna take your knife and just go There.


Were not instructions on it. So I just kind of guessed. There's a rough side, a smooth side, a round white side and a green leather side that's Called arum. Is it working? Don't do it again. The Leather is for removing the bur mark. That's the last step. I don't think so. I you, So Mark goes against the grain one time and then rubs it on the leather. He is like, it's sharp. All grain shma as if there's grain and metal. It ain't wood. Dumb, dumb. This guy here thinkers. That's True. You can't count the rings in the middle to see how old it Is. So I don't, if anyone wants to get really mad at me and earn some Reddit karma.


Here's your ammo. Okay, I'm gonna go the other way. That Sounded better. That one didn't make any noise. That was the smooth side. Sorry. Oh, I hate That. Why? Why is that noise so gross? I don't know. It's just, just sharpening probably. I hope it's sharpening. I hope it's sharpening. Is That supposed to be a wet sharpener or is that a dry sharpener? I put some oil on it. See? All right. I think, are you supposed to oil the knife or oil the thing, because I put some oil on it. Oh, you want to use gas? You wanna use gasoline. When you're sparking The wet stones, traditionally you soak in water I think.


Oh, it's not a stone. This has got diamonds in it. That's probably good. It's got a rotating doodad so you can change the mode. Does it not have an angle guide for you? Yeah, it's Got, yeah, 2020 degrees. 20. Oh. It's just right on the end there. You're just supposed to keep it. Yeah, sure. Yeah. And then it's got a fish hook setting for all my fish hooks. Oh yeah. I sharpen a lot of fish hooks. See, did you see that for fish hooks? Obviously Anyway. Oh god. I broke it. I think it's just magnetic. There's instructions on it.


Whoa. I found them. It's on the back. Who's inside the whole time. This is tragic to watch. Oh, I don't know what that means. It's got this Oh Course. Oh, It's one of those Corsair sharpeners Warning. Wait. Whoa. This product contains magnets which may affect pacemakers or other similar implanted devices. There's something in here. What are you? Oh, a scroll. It's a fucking scroll.


What in the fuck? I'm not joking. I did not know this was in here. I found the instructions. Wow. We are witnessing magic right now. It was in the, let me here You hear you. It's the instructions. Oh wow. There, it's there. It's, it's the Instructions. I wound them. I'm Really glad you got some good scrapes and oil done before you found it. Oh wow. So wait, you accidentally dropped it.


Broke it. And that's what revealed the instructions. Yeah, that did. Because it was tucked away inside. And these, it's just magnetically. Oh my God. Oh Man. Sorry everybody. You don't need to be mad at me anymore. I already know the answers. We Witnessed history together. This was something special. Next Episode, I wanna full update on how you're supposed to sharpen Hands are oily. Now also the, the oil I have, I don't think is, I couldn't find blade oil. I found gun oil. So that's just as good. Right? Just watch out. It might go off while you're sharpening it. I found this motor oil. No, it's Not gun oil. It well it was, but it's heavy duty weapons oil.


Right. Oh, well that's, that's a weapon I guess, right? Yeah. Yeah. It lubricates, cleans, protects, penetrates and bonds. Reduces friction and wear. So that's probably good for sharpening. Read your instructions that you found with Every word. I'm pissing off the knife knife community more and more. Well, good thing you got that D two steal If you do all of this. And then the comments on this episode are a bunch of knife people just be like, oh, we're just glad you're here, buddy. That was a great first effort at Sharp D two is a fine steal a bunch of weird cheerleaders who are not mad about anything that you did. That sounds like the internet, I'm sure. Except for the one guy you just turned into a super villain.


That's what happened the first time. Everyone was all pro D two steel And it was, it was weird. Well, this isn't D two steel. This is eight CR 13 MOV. Oh, Well that's fucking hasn't shit right there. That's not even beginner Fucking trash heap steel. That's, I wouldn't even drink soda out of a, a can made of that steel. Probably toxic. Yeah, I don't have much else. That's fine. I'm going to, Bob, unless you have anything. I'm just gonna wrap up the travesty. That was my efforts today. No, I already told my poop stories and that's pretty much it. Yeah. Congrats on the bidet. It's, I guys can't recommend it enough. Give it a shot. And mark, it sounds like you had a bad experience. Sounds like you need to get the type B day.


No, I, I don't need a bidet. I'm fine. Your Ass is filthy. Try bidet. Try bidet. Ooh la la. Guys. Remember the commercials for the bide? No, it's reme. It's like a meal prep or something. What's treme Jingle? Reme. Reme. You Not explaining what it is. What Is it? I don't fucking know what it is. I saw the commercial. I feel like that's what commercials are for. T-R-E-S-E-M-M-E. Me Treseme. I guess it's not food. I guess it's shampoo. That's shampoo. Yeah. That is not food at all. I know. Tres me. I just knew the Ooh, la la. All right, there you go. Shampoo. You don't eat it. Why Are all your commercials from like 20 plus years ago?


Because I am from 20 plus years ago. All right, I'm gonna do points. Mark, you go first. Why? No particular reason I go first. Look, you got points for, it was AI the whole time. Wear clown. I see a apple fly price was wrong. Stand mark knife. Sharp shenanigans. Bob, you got points for floor fill. Powerhouse of the cell. You gonna cry. Rooftop ninja. Rent free in Mark's head and bidet. Bob, you finished with six points. Mark, you finished with seven points Mark, you won. Oh my God. I didn't actually think I was gonna make it. Yeah, I thought I was gonna fix it somehow.


Especially When I walked away to go to the bathroom. We didn't even pretend to make a deal this time. We're just talking. Usually we pretend these days. Well, Yay. Congrats Mark. Bob, you get to give your speech first. I choose to give a winner speech. Winning feels good. Winning feels great. Winning feels like a big piece of cake on your plate. Sometimes you win 'cause you're the best and sometimes you win because you've killed the rest. And I say that wholeheartedly from my full chest. Winning feels great. I'm done now. Okay, great. That's good. Good rhymes. Good rhymes. Mark, do you have a rhyming winner speech? No, the wind does blow.


The seed gets so and I with my truck, many things can tow. I have two elbow and I want you all to know I'm grateful for the blow. It's a special kind of snow. You're lucky you already won, man. I like how you said no you didn't have a rhyming speech and then you had a terrible one. So congrats on the win. A Ravens not a crow. Facts. Thank you all for watching this. Are You gonna have a rhyming outro or Yeah. You know what? What's the deal? You know, I'm sorry it was less entertaining than a chode, but like all things we too must goad So goodbye for now from me.


Wode. Follow these guys and places they may have. Node Market, market Pli. Bob, my used wings that flowed podcast out fluff your F Road.