
This episode, a Distractible is presented by Mug Root Beer. Mug. Root Beer is a question. Got that dog in you. Alright? Yeah. Mug has that dog on their can. Yep. Danny drinks root beer. Here's another question. Does anyone actually know what's in root beer? It's one of those things you like. Never think about. Well, For Mug root beer to be so creamy and delicious, it's gotta be made outta rainbows and pure joy. Right? All I know is it's that root beer for the dogs. Yeah. So true. Oh, There you go. Drink mug root beer if you got that dog in you. Oh, Good evening, gentle listener and welcome to Distractible. This episode, mammoth Mark purchases pallets, has big floating balls and proposes polymorphic partners.


Wavering Wade goes to extraordinary Aussie eateries, mimics Musk and barely resist bisecting his bride. BOTS. Barb Fierce falling afoot, sells out for speed, but takes his vows seriously until the hammer drops from being too brainy to lousy limits lost. Yes, it's time for Worm Love. Now sit back and prepare to be distracted and enjoy the show. Hi. welcome to the podcast. This is Distractible.


D-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E. I have a bad feeling about this. Well, what do you mean there's a lot of Spelling in the introduction. I Don't like it. There's actually no spelling at all in the rest of the episode. Maybe I Don't believe you and I'm afraid. S-P-E-L-L. Yes. Very good. I'm not gonna give you a point for that. It's both what you do when you're trying to write a word and also if you are a witch. Ah, that's the kind of quality comedy that you can expect here at this podcast. If this is your first time joining us, hey, remember to subscribe and like or something.


My name is Mark Bly. I'm here to guide you through an experience unlike any other, where we're gonna solve all of your problems before you even ask it. You ready? All your problems gonna be solved. You better write this down. Oh, okay, good. And the people that are gonna be solving your problems are these two fine, fine, fine, fine gentlemen right here. Hi. I'll let Wade introduce himself even though he needs no introduction. Hello, I'm Wade All, right? There's more to me than that. I'm bald. I have a YouTube channel, Twitch Channel. I'm on this podcast. I started exercising recently, started doing some situps and pushups. Nothing too crazy, but situps and pushups every day. And then I've been playing basketball, so trying to, trying to lose some weight. But I think right now I'm in the bulking up muscle phase.


'cause like the weight's staying the same though. I do feel things are happening. so I think it's getting better, but weight hasn't dropped yet. But I'm okay with that. That's All, right? That's okay. Anyway, that's, that's who Wade is. Wade, introduce Bob. This is Bob. That sounds like those commercials from like 10 years ago. No, I'm, I'm fine with that. I'm fine. You mean the Cialis commercials? The Dick pills? Yeah. No, that's fine. That's fine. All Right? This is Bob Bobcat Can't have sex 'cause his, we don't get hard or whatever they say in those commercials. I Didn't say that. This is Bob. And Bob will talk about himself because I don't want to Presumptive. Woo. Okay, well Bob can talk about himself, but I feel like I shouldn't speak for Bob. Not presumptive enough.


This is Bob. And Bob might speak for himself because I maybe won't exactly Presumptive enough. Yeah. Hi, I I, I was the host last time 'cause I'm good and smart and I'm probably gonna win this one 'cause Still good. Still smart. Ready for action. Ready to solve problems. Good. 'cause we do have a lot of problems. But before we get into the problems, I have a problem that has nothing to do with this episode. Is it that Your frog is stuck in a yellow chair? No, it's not stuck. It's relaxing, resting. It's having a good time. My problem is I am too smart for my own good. I've Always thought that about you. I got a baseball bat. I gotta fix you Two toes.


Johnny's coming back. I was out here fixing problems today. I gotta fix for that one. Come over. Why don't you come over here? Why don't you come over here. I'll fix it. Ill fix you. Come Over. No, I don't think I will. And it's not because, it's not because I don't appreciate the effort. It's 'cause my problem actually is different. So you know, I just know how I'm trying to do this stupid server ri render farm thing, right? Yeah. So in my genius, I was like, I'll buy some more solar panels because right now you can actually get 'em for fairly affordable rates. The prices have come down. Dude, everything is so cheap in Mark's world. What, where do you live? That every, every servers are cheap. Processors are cheap. He's market pliers.


So he has his own version of eBay he can log into where everything's just discounted for him. If You buy refurbished things, you, you can get 'em at cheaper prices. Way cheaper. And they're only partially used. Solar panels are good for 25 years and they lose, they have a rating of how much power drop that they'll experience over a period of time. The quality Is so much worse though. I bought used dinner And. it was terrible. Yes, I'll have the refurbished ribeye and the potatoes off that lady's plate over there. I, you know, Tyler was telling me something about that that didn't seem correct, but I didn't doubt it enough. It seemed plausible where he was saying that he suspected that some of the food that he was getting was glued together.


Meat. Have you heard of This? I have heard of this actually and I got news for people about how muscle fibers work in the body. But no, I've seen pe I've seen that. That people look, this is like two separate pieces. It's just stuck Together. Is it? But it's not the manufacturer. The manufacturer. The the Oh slip mark knows the secrets. He let it, he let it out. You heard it here first. It's Not the trimmings of the meat that are then super glued back together. It's just that muscle fibers have attachments. It's just that muscle fibers naturally are in groups even in the same muscle. There are separate fibrous groups. I don't know the terminology, but like it's not that crazy to find.


Anyway, I've seen this. People always look crazy when I see them online talking about this stuff. But maybe I have, maybe I haven't seen the right glued together meat products. We should get Tyler some 10 foils. We can make a new hat. It's Like, I don't know if that would be more cost effective than what they already do with the trimmings, which is not waste them, they grind them up, Make em in the ground beef or whatever. Ground beef or chicken nuggets, you know, they don't waste any of that. There's no real point in gluing it back together. Especially because I feel like that would come back to buy you if regulators. That's just extra labor, which is expensive. That is true actually. Yeah, it's not, it's not like you're saving money because you're, you're rescuing meat pro. You're just paying someone to do something to make a shittier product that, that you sell for less theoretically.


Maybe you sell for more 'cause it's good. I don't know. Just seems crazy. Doesn't make sense. It might but who knows anyway. Not my problem. The thing is like if you get things, you get 'em refurbished and you do, you put some DIY spirit into there, you can get things at pretty good rates. Now that being said, I am, I am spending more because I'm investing in building something. That's why I'm doing it. I bought solar panels. Right? And so you can read online that this solar panel is like 65 inches by 44 inches is about the dimension at this panel. And I'm like, okay, that I got that size in my head. I ordered you can order them by the pallet, the, you get bulk pricing. And I'm like, okay, I mathed out. I think that this area could cover about 28 to 30 maybe solar panels depending on how I arrange it.


There's a pallet here. It says 31 refurbished high quality, barely a few years old. I'll get it. That pallet weighs 1,680 pounds and my hero of a FedEx freight person got it delivered down my driveway. So Wow. Ah, look, I dude, One guy is like looking at his chart, he is like, oh no, Your driveway is treacherous, steep. I cannot imagine I was ready. I told them I was ready. Yeah, just put it at the top. I'll bring 'em down one at a time. And even then if I, if I had to deal with that, I would be looking at a nightmare because 65 inches is five foot six.


That's Taller than you. No, no, it's shorter than me. Oh, okay. It's, it's half an inch shorter than you. You're right. It's Close Enough where I had to think about it. But they're very large, right? If if it was in this room, the pallet would take up like 70% of the room. Oh Jesus. God. That's enormous. Well yeah. 31 things that are basically five and a half feet by what? Four feet ish? They're all as almost as tall as mark and wider than I am. Which is to say extremely wide. Yeah, they're huge. They're enormous. And I have to haul them onto my roof. It's really nice of you to put all that power right back in the grid and not get any for yourself though.


Yeah. You're not gonna hook those up to your house. Right. You're just gonna keep, you're just gonna send that juice into the grid. Yeah, that's what I just do in my public duty. You know, just really, really gotta do it for the people. I imagine some poor guy working on a power line and then Mark just plugs this thing in like a Christmas tree and all of the power goes flying this guy like hermit scream. What will helm the Line bulges as the tsunami of power comes down the light at like a cartoon. It's just like One of the guys like, oh no, I gotta get Down. It's Coming. Lightning bolts wearing sunglasses are coming out the sides. Some of them have guitars playing rock and roll songs.


Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah. Anyway, so that's my my latest, my latest issue. I'm gonna have Jason come over and Just get like some, some ropes. Put 'em up there. Do we know who Jason is? Is that a name we're supposed to know? You don't know Jason, you Dunno. Jason Ies Some friend you are? Yeah. Jason ies. He's strong as shit. He can get him up there. He could probably lift the whole pal unless as he let him kill a couple people and He doesn't even need a helmet 'cause he is got the mask and the bald. Is he bald? Is that canon, Isn't he Jason Voorhis Bald question mark. He's kind of bald and veiny. Yeah. Oh no, He is got stringy hair in the back. He's, he's bald, bald Ish. He's always a top when we're together.


So I've never seen the back of his head. He's de described, he's described as bald, But I'm seeing stringy hair. Maybe that's just stuck on from his victims. Whatever. It don't matter. That's, that's my problem. But it's also not the problem. I just wanted to mention that because these things, when you get them, you're like, I got such a great deal. And then the burden of the experience of them, he Shaved his head as a sign of love and respect. Oh wait, no this is a different Jason. This is a TikTok. My bad. Nevermind. I was like, why did Jason shave his head? Like he shaves, like I imagine Jason Boes with his ax, like, Gotta keep it clean and crisp over here. No, that, that exact situation that you're in, mark is, I will say the main thought that I have that scares me away from doing a lot of ideas that I have.


'cause I to, to probably misquote an engineering cliche. I am absolutely the guy who would forget the books in, in the parable about the architect who designs the most beautiful library ever built. And then it gets built and it's wonderful and then they put all the books in And, it starts sinking because he forgot to accommodate the weight of all the books that would You need extra foundational. I dunno, that's probably untrue. But I'm, I would I do that all the time? I do that so hard. I do that with little things. If I ordered a pallet of something, I would be so fucked it would show up and I would be like, ugh. Oh No, I don't have a pallet jack. I don't, I have one dinky dolly and I have to carry these over one at a time and then I'm gonna have two, two guys on ladders.


How so? They're big. How much do they weigh? Because solar panels can be very thin and light. I'm assuming these are not like super lightweight. Okay. The pallet was 1680 divided by 31. This isn't exactly, but they're about 50. This is 54 pounds. I think they're about 50 pounds. That's Not like horrific. But getting 50 pounds up a ladder by yourself is not super doable. At least not 30 times. No, that's a lot of bags of m and m peanuts. 54 of them. That's like the whole display of m and m peanuts. Anyway, that's it. What are you going on in your guys left, Mark, you remember how I asked you to help me build some Dexter situation is getting real dire. I, the other day I went out back and I like walked down the steps and you know when you walk over an area and you hear that like crunch crumble and you're like, ooh.


Always good with wood. Yeah, I looked back and one of the stringers, one of the things on the edge of the stairs that like the board is I, it was just like, like wet cardboard, like peeling, crumbling off like terrible, very unsafe situations over here. I really needed you to come through with me on the stairs situation, but now I'll figure it out. I'll we'll do something. Yeah, Man, if that breaks, you're gonna plummet. What? Eight inches? Try 12. Oh, well then the splinters probably would be pretty bad. Okay. The Wood's so wet and soggy though. I don't even know if it can splint. What do you call it? What? It's a smer when it's wet wood. Oh damn. I got a smer. I think Mark should fly out tomorrow and build you some steps. Yeah, No, I mean he owes it to me in other news.


I think I'm a bad car guy. You guys aren't really car guys along with me, so just maybe not. I, I have a, I have a fun car. My Subaru is fun and I've done fun things to it, but I, the other day I was going out on my own to like run an errand and I was like, oh, I'll take my car and we'll zip it around a little bit. You know, just, just hit the acceleration a little bit. See, and I took it out and I, and I gunned it and shift, you know, hit the shift. And as I was slowly accelerating in my very slow car, my brain was like, ah, you should have just taken the Tesla. It's way faster. My stupid electric vehicle has ruined all the fun of my slow internal combustion engine car. Our family Tesla is so much faster and more toy than my Subaru.


It's sad. So anyway, I'm a bad car. I'm not a cool car guy who likes cool cars. I'm a sellout who likes fast things. And. it turns out electric cars are real fast. They go zoom but quietly they go. It's like the play of Scooby Doo. I saw it was like the opening right before they start the Scooby Doo song. Woo. You saw a play of Scooby Doo As the ghost pops out from the curtain and is floating around. So You do do interesting things. You just don't tell us about it. Where did you see a play of? Oh it does lock hides of shit. He never talks about on here. There's A dinner theater here in Cincinnati called Lock aed and we went recently and saw Wizard of Oz there. Wizard of Oz has so much more stuff going on in play form than I would've thought because I've seen, we've seen several plays over there.


So basically you go, you go up on stage, there's a buffet, you grab food, you go back to your seat, you eat whatever the Buffet's on the stage. Yeah. And then they clean off the stage. They, they like roll the buffet off the stage. Then they like get things set up for the play to start this. This Sounds like the most fantastically interesting place I've ever heard of. I've never experienced this. You didn't think it was worth the talk about. I swear we went there for like a school like field trip one time. Maybe you didn't, but like, I swear like Milford went there. I Don't know about this at all. Well look it up. Look it up. Look up Edia. L-A-C-O-M-E-D-I-A. But like every two or three months they'll change out what play is happening. So recently it was Wizard of Oz and we went to see it. We went up to the stage. They've got this buffet of like, I don't know, chicken, fish, salad, potatoes, mac and cheese.


Then they'll have like sliced ham sliced, what was it? Like a roast beef or something like that? It was very good. You get your food, you go back to your table, you get a chance to go up for like seconds if you want. And then they clear the stage, they start setting up and then the play will start. They'll do like the first half of the play in this case with the first half of Wizard of Oz. And they'll be like an intermission break where they'll bring out like desserts or after dinner drinks like coffee or you know, wine or whatever you want. Bathroom break. And then they'll do the second half of the play head out. And you actually get to like, if you want to, you can wait and meet the cast of the play on your way out and like talk to them. Huh. That's crazy. That sounds Super cool. It sounds fun. But Yeah, wizard of Oz, very technical.


They have the whole tornado that they did on stage. They have the witch flying around. They've got like Dorothy swinging in the wind of the tornadoes. So like there's a bunch of people like on cables flying around and they don't just do it on stage. They like go over the audience and stuff. It's, it's just very, there was a lot more going on for Wizard of Oz than I would've expected. 'cause it seems so simple. They have pyrotechnics so there's like fire and spells and stuff. It was like, dude, I thought this would be like the simplest play. Do they have real flying monkeys or do they just put monkeys on wires? It's a person in a costume that does go on the wires and fly. Well that's just lazy. You could definitely get trained monkeys. I'm just saying, I'm pretty sure they actually melted the witch.


Either that or maybe there's a hole in the floor. But like she was gone. Man, You go through, go through a lot of aspiring actresses in this one. They do the play like twice a day for like three months. They go through a lot of witches. Ah man. You know, easy come, easy go. I think. Yeah, that's what Queen said when they watched Wizard of Oz. It's actually what that song is about. Freddie Mercury went to a stage play of the Wizard of Oz, saw the witch melt and was like, wow. Easy come, easy go. Huh? He ach. No we will not let you go. Let him go. All the band members looked at each other in the third row. We're like, whoa, We gotta get outta here.


Pretty sure that's Cannon how Bohemian Rhapsody came to be. Yeah. LA Media's really cool and I don't remember what the ooh got me there. I don't remember what we're talking about. But Talking about Scooby-Doo play. 'cause ooh, There are some things that like I've just done several times since I was a kid. 'cause like my grandparents liked to go there. So like, I don't even even think of those as being like unique experiences because I've gone, he's So cultured, been to Broadway 13 times. It's not even really an event for him. It's just Part of my entitled life. You know, it slipped my mind. My family actually owns our own Falcon Nine Rocket with crew capsule. And we actually visit the we summer on the moon, but we do it every year. I was like, that's not as, I'm not gonna bring That up.


That's why four letters, man, Lord, Wade Musk. They're all four letters. They're all me eon also four letters. That's Why you were throwing people off when you, when you said Ellen Musk, It's been me. Glad you like my Tesla Bob. Don't pay attention to my social media and I'm crazy. Is that the greatest Elon impression I've ever heard? Holy shit. I'm gonna cross out your name on this. You're gonna be Elon. God, I hope I don't win. I hate to see if I host All. right? There you go. And it's true. If, if Elon wins, he'll be hosting the next episode. Can't wait for that.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Guys, I've done it. I've commandeered our orbital laser and I've changed it into a telecommunication device. I'm going to beam the internet at incredible temperatures and speeds straight into a single person so they can talk to anybody for a brief moment before they're evaporated into mist. That sounds less efficient than just like getting a good cell phone plan. It's Horrendously expensive but you can't beat the speed of laser Mint mobile's pretty fast. Unlimited Talking and text for $15 a month. You don't even have to commit into a plan. It's a three month plan. It's not like you're locked in for a long time. 15 bucks a month. Does your laser do that? Well, goodbye.


To get this new customer offer, just go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Distractible. That's M-I-N-T-M-O-B-I e.com/dst. CT IB $45 up Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month for the first three months. Plan only speeds lower above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details. All right, we're moving on to the actual episode. You both have significant others, correct? Yes, I hope so. Yeah. Others that are significant to you Haven't checked today, but last I checked. Yeah, that's Weird. Maybe you should Check. Well, sometimes I wonder if my entire life's a figment of my imagination. That's another episode.


If Your life is a figment of your imagination, It's the whole brain in the vat Thought of like the philosophical thing of like, dude, am I in a coma dreaming that my life is real? We are a brain in a vat. Well That, that's another listen again, another episode, another day. All. right? So, well this actually ties into the Elon's on a, on a hot streak. 'cause this ties into the episode. Has your significant other ever asked you this specific question? Would you still love me if I was a worm? No, she did ask me if balls float in a pool. Like human balls or like Yeah, like male testicles. I don't know the answer to that. Well, when I'm, when I'm floating in a pool, I know that the rest of my body submerge. But I'm held up by my titanic balls floating across the surface.


See, mine are the anchor. The rest of me flows. But my balls are just pulling me down. I don't know which of those is better. I don't want either One. Ball floats up, one ball floats down, perfect equilibrium. No, my balls are neutrally. Voyant, I'm like a submarine. And three balls were given to the race of men. He Is killing. He is crushing it. He's crushing it today. Elon is known for his sense of humor. To answer your question mark. No, I don't think so. Okay. No really. Have you heard of this question? Did it originate with Heidi Klum in her costume? No, that actually was spawned from this idea.


Oh, okay. So for a few years ago, it was really, I don't know why, but it was a really common thing for his, his a meme where a girlfriend would ask a boyfriend, would you still love me if I was a worm? You haven't heard Of this? No, but the answer is probably no. Oh, is it though? Whoa. Yikes. Well, okay. You have to think about what goes along with being a worm. You wouldn't have the brain, the ability to talk. You wouldn't look the you wouldn't be the same at all. No, but see you're making a, you're making a lot of assumptions there that you're supposed to explore. This is not, you are converted into what we know as a normal whatever. Earthworm. This is an anthropomorphic. So hypothetical.


That's the one. It's like Animorphs where Tobias became a hawk and got stuck as a hawk. But he was still Tobias. There's A few different levels with which this can happen. Okay, so we'll, we'll explore from different aspects, but let's establish some ground rules. You are in the same room with them as a human. You watch them and they go, oh no. And they turn into a worm in front of you. They plop on the ground and they're on earthworm. Good thing I was already going fishing today. Jesus Christ. Can they still talk to you? Yeah. Okay. So that's, that's a lot more specific of assumptions than I was operating on. So they are like a small regular sized earthworm creature.


We're gonna start with that for now. But they have turned in and they turned in screaming. It was like, ah, oh God, remember me. I hope you still love me. And then they were worm. They can't talk. They're just flopped on the ground. What do you do? Ask? Why the fuck aren't you still wearing your wedding ring? You Take that ring. I slam it on that earth. Whatcha are you doing? I look, I would look around as to the source of what the fuck just happened. You can't, you don't see anything. A d and d campaign. All the Sudden I roll a perception, The warm encounter. Can I do an arc check to see what kinds of magic were used? No. Mostly 'cause I don't know what that Is.


I would get a terrarium. You Would get a Terrarium. Yeah. Well it's for starters, at the very least, you gotta get 'em something safe to be in for a minute. Okay. All. right. That's good. That's good. Yeah. So you, you would immediately be like, oh god, what does a worm need? I gotta, oh Yeah. Pretty much. Because What if they turn back? What if it's like, okay, they turned in. What if they could turn back? If They, if we live in a world where that's possible, then the, the assumption you have to operate under is they're still them. They could be reconverted into a human or something. Right. So you gotta keep 'em safe. Yeah. I would get something to keep 'em alive like that. But after a few, no, You went fishing, you already gave your answer. Well, I would also have a few minutes of like being upset that I didn't have a nanny cam. 'cause I was like, dude, if I had captured that and posted that as a video, oh my god, worm wife and I could retire.


Oh man, that's a damn shame wade. That's a damn shame. Elon. Sorry Elon. Maybe I'd take her to the vet. To the vet. The worm vet. Do you have a pill or something that could turn her back? I assume she doesn't want to be a worm. I don't know. Here's the next step. So you've taken it into a terrarium. You've got a little, you're trying to get help. We were assuming like, okay, it's a worm. It couldn't possibly have your significant other's brain. What if it still did like it was them? It This is your significant other dude. No, this is your significant other who is purely an object to me. I'm just kidding. I'm sorry. So they have all their thoughts and they're trying to communicate with you. What about them?


Would you, would You love, Would you love that worm? Yeah. Yeah. If they're still, yeah. Yeah. I mean if, if I, if that, if I saw that my wife, if I saw Molly turn into a worm and then she was trying to communicate stuff, I'd be like, yeah, I'd be freaking the fuck out. Trying to like help. Okay. All right. You wouldn't date again. I would wonder if I cut her in half, if she would still be alive in two halves. Why do you wonder these things? I wouldn't do it, but like the thought would cross my mind. But she'd grow back. That's not how worms work. Because She turned into a blue tailed skin instead. Well, we'll get there, we'll get there All. right. Okay. But you would, would you stay true, loyal?


Yeah. You could have some interesting sex. Yes, but I don't know how long worms live and that seems like a bad compared to the like of a human life. That seems like a bad time. Not long around me probably. I don't think there's a way out of that where, I don't know How long do worms live for? Like a couple weeks. a month? Oh, up to 10 years. Oh yeah. Okay. Well That, is she like a new worm or is she like a partially aged worm at this point? You know, whatever percentage of their life, that's how far into worm dam life they are. Yeah. I, you love the worm and you take care of the worm person version. But I, I would say after the worm ceases, I don't know emotionally how that would play out. But at some point I would hope I would like be able to emotionally to move on and not be obsessed with the fact that this happened and then my significant other died and the rest of my life is sadness and agony as I try and figure out what the fuck happened.


Like it's like when a normal significant other spouse passes away. Like you don't have to devote the rest of your life exclusively to that person, but you should remember them and respect like what happened. so I don't know. It's hard to say, but that's not great. I would say I pro, I would hope I would emotionally be able to like recover enough to where I could have other people who are alive humans who I could also care about. Would you, would you put them outta their misery? Would you take a rock? I don't think so. Would you go fishing with them? Go fishing? I don't know if that's that's adding to their misery. No, I feel like until the moment they're not alive anymore, it's a quest to fix it. Right. It's a quest to figure out. How do you change them back? I'm, you know, I'm thinking of That's interesting.


Is this like time dilation in in terms of like space time stuff. When they're a worm, their life is converted into a percentage and then they age two years as a worm. But then they turn back into a human. They're not two years human, older. They're like a decade old. Like they Oh, interesting. The Age, the speed of aging is different. How does the proportionality of the age convert between existences? Oh, I don't know. I mean that's, that's crossing the bridge of if they can even turn back at all. Yeah. What if they don't all turn back? What if they're half worm, half human? Which half left? Yeah, which left half worm. Right? Oh, it's the worst way to split it up. Come on man.


Okay. Right. Half worm. Aw, front half worm. Is it a worm aid? Is it a worm made or not? It's a worm. No, that is intriguingly terrifying. Okay. Left And right's gotta be better than front and back, right? Like front half worm. I don't know. I'm not sure if that's true. All right. Rolls are reversed. You guys are turned into worms. Oh, Crush me. Fucking into me. What Would you want your significant other to do in that case? Fix it. Help fix it. Fix it. Fix it. Fix it. Fix it. We, we had a Deal. I don't want to eat dirt and shit In sickness and in health. Worm is implied. Worm is in there. Worm is in the unspoken part of that sickness.


Health worm. Other creatures Quick. Death. Death. You Want death. Instant. How Are you assuming that? Like you're suffering or something? Why? Why quick death? I Don't know. I imagine like if I'm retaining all of my memories and I'm losing so many different things that I was able to think in or do or whatever, like all of a sudden my entire life is just sitting in an aquarium rolling in some dirt and looking out through glass. Like man, I remember when I used to sit in a chair. That was cool. Oh, video games. Those were fun. Do I even have ears? Can I hear? I will acknowledge it's a very bad thing. But one bad thing happens and you're like, ah, give up. Just kill me. Just Get this over with. I mean, it's not like you lost a finger or like you went blind.


This is like you are fully a fucking worm. Yeah, but you don't know if you can go back or not. No eyes, no. Like what senses do you have as a worm? I think You're blind. I think your blind sense of touch. Definitely hearing maybe, I dunno, There's no way worms have hearing in the way that humans do. Like ear eardrums and stuff. Oh, come on. You can believe a little more. They have no eyes, they have no ears. But they can tell light from dark and they can sense the vibrations of sound. No nose yet can smell and taste. Which food suite. I don't know how this Dirt, that dirt poop. I don't know if, if I've got my memories and I'm like, oh man, I remember eating a steak.


And then I'm like, but boy, this poo pile sure looks good. I mean, that would be your steak. Do you think if you turn into a worm you'll have an irresistible urge to crawl out onto the sidewalk during rain? I thought about that. I was like, dude, the really worst way to go would be like, make my dirt wet and make me crawl across the burning driveway until I dry out. Or a bird gets me. What if you're a significant other? Puts you in terrarium. But then they're moving on while you're still watching. So they bring another guy in and they're like, oh. And they make me watch. That's fuck. Well, good thing I can't see. Yeah, no, I can feel the sex. I feel it. He sense the vibration. That's doggy. I feel it. That's terrible.


That's terrible man. What a fate would befall you. Okay. All. right. Well you, you, you would hope that they would still love you and care for you. But one of you wants to be put outta your misery. Yeah. But She's gonna be with a super villain. He's gonna come to the aquarium and like talk shit to me. Be like, that's right. I have taken your loved one and I'm going to murder some puppies and I'm evil and you can't tell anyone. Well if it is the guy that turned you into a worm, that's different. That's a different question. I'd fucking crawl on. Make him uncomfortable. Make him feel some wet, slimy worm. I'd smear his calf with my goop. I gotta say it would be one dimensional. But think of how good a dancer you'd be.


Mm. You'd have one move, But you'd be really good at it And you could dig with your mouth. That's also true. Imagine Just laying on your stomach using your teeth to like dig a hole. I don't know if that's really analogous to what it's like to be a worm, but I get what you're going for. Well, Yeah, you'd have mouth up here so you'd be like, oh, okay. All. right. Yeah. So wade's already into it. All. right. So flipping it back again, is there any, but you'd love a worm, right? That's, that's really the concern that a lot of, a lot of girls had or other partners in a relationship. Was that like if you, if you turned into a worm, would You Love them? Still love them? Yeah. Yeah. But but it doesn't sound, doesn't sound like they're loving you, but you could love them. Is there any animal that they could turn into that you wouldn't love them as?


No lack the capacity or ability to take care of them? Possibly. If they turned into like a, like a hammerhead shark. I don't know if I could build an aquarium house to keep them at home in or what exactly. Like there's, but that would not be a demonstration of my love fading. That's more of practicalities of the bigger the animal, the more complex the habitat requirements, the tougher it's gonna be to keep the family together kind of situation. Yeah. Something dangerous would be suck. Would suck. Also, something like a rabbit where she just like shit's all over the house. It's like, Molly quit fucking leaving these pellets everywhere. I keep stepping in them. And It. If I got turned into a hammerhead shark and Amy threw me in the ocean, I'd be so mad.


I'd be so pissed. And I had to get you a, the shallowest tank imaginable. No deep water for this guy. Your gills are just partially covered. So it's like you're struggling for breath at every second. Preferable to ocean. Yeah. I would rather take that for sure. But you would be the predator in the ocean. Like what would there be, be afraid of if you are the shark, It doesn't matter. I mean the ocean, there's killer whales in the ocean. Those, The meg, The meg, the meg. You know, when you say the meg, I don't even think of, I don't think a shark, I think of Jason Statham just for some reason. What about the insects? Like spiders or something? Maybe like, if they could turned it like a black widow, that would suck. You could keep Black widow people have, I mean it's not advisable maybe, But centipede or a millipede Millipedes are okay.


Centipedes. I understand. That's, that's terrible. So you wouldn't love a centipede. I mean, I would still love just like the, the like papa was gonna take care of. It's like I don't wanna, I hire someone to come care for you. That doesn't sound like love. That doesn't sound like love, man. I mean, I'd suck it up and probably do it, but like I wouldn't be happy about it. I don't think that's love. I'm pretty sure that ain't, I don't know if I'm not expert on love, but I don't think that is. I'm pretty sure even as humans you can be put in a situation where someone cares for you. It becomes a lot much less if you're fucking warm or centipede. That's a good point. I suppose I, this is, I have no fun at these sorts of games 'cause I'm this person, but all of this to me is very similar to, would you still love your partner if they were in a coma for whatever reason, right?


Yeah. And I feel like if your answer to that is no, that's fucked up. And a lot of people would probably agree with that. And I, I, the part of the point of the question I think is like, oh well you just like me for my body, right? So if I'm a worm then I'm not, I don't look how I look now. And if that is, that's not a good reason not to love someone. But like other people can think other things than I do. I don't think anything would really change my love. I think there's just a lot of practical questions about what animal is this and what do they require to be taken care of? What are you, There's a pro, there's a lot of practical steps to be taken in this scenario. And it's complicated. You Only eat Tasmanian devil. Where do I get that at? In Ohio?


I'm glad you mentioned that because I'm gonna turn this around. You're in the same room with your significant other and they go, oh no, I'm changing. And they don't shrink down into a worm. They turn into a human sized worm and then slam onto the ground. They're massive like foot wide hot dog of a worm. You know, a hot dog of foot wides, you know, five feet long. They got ballpark footlongs, foot wides, you know, hot dog stuff. Anyway, yeah. So they turned into a human-sized worm That just means a bigger tank and a lot more dirt. Yeah, it's a worm basement. Or You could go fishing and catch some really big fish.


You Could catch a meg, you Could catch the Meg man with the hot dog that big. I'm gonna need a bigger hook. Nah, that's not the line. Open the tackle. I'm open the tackle box. It's like, nah, grab an anchor. It's like, ah, here we go. All. right? Yeah. But they're a, they're a, they're a human sized worm. There's a lot of concerning realities of that. But it, but they still, they they have all the, they don't have eyes and ears. They have all the worm stuff. Right? Still A worm. Yeah. Yeah. It Was just a real big something that's Somehow less concerning to me than the tiny worm. Oh, I find it much more concerning. But No, now I can like pat her on the head or something without worry about squishing her so easily.


Like, you know, now there's, Well that's why one of my questions, the skin of this giant foot wide worm, is it the, is it a proportionally tensile strength? Is it proportional? Or does it have the tensile strength of a Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, Because a thing that size with the, you know, with the skin of a small worm would just, yeah, it's weird in a way that it doesn't exist in real life. And so it would be weird if that existed And. it wasn't my significant other, the significant other part is an additional twist. It's just weird that to me, but like, yeah. Yeah. I still love giant foot wide worm. Mandy, you, You said there's a lot of questions in your toe in there. Well, I just gotta sort out at what exactly that means and figure out what a giant foot wide worm needs to live in this world.


But I'm sure that that's doable. The foot wide worm, Mandy wants to continue the relationship just as normal. Still wants to sleep in the bed, don't wants to eat three regular human meals a day. So wait, you, it's like the, instead of having like your own little sheets and comforter, you've got a planter next to you with just some dirt for her to lay in. Well the Whole point is it only needs to keep the skin moist. So, you know, you could rig up some kind of like Mr. System Baby's crying. You wake up worm Mandy and you're like, ah, you, you turn The baby wakes up crying and worm Mandy leans over and jabs me and I sit up and I look at her and I go, oh, the worm has turned. And I go get the baby. Oh, Very good. All, right? Is that, is that implying there's some prejudice against a worm That doesn't sound like love.


Hey, that's normal. Okay. People who love each other can argue and jab All. right? You guys are turned into giant human-sized worms. What would you do? I would try to type on a keyboard with my head to order a pallet of 31 solar panels and I would ask them to drop it on me to ensure my demise quicker. Man, this dude just gives up the first, the first sign of worm troubles. I also just like the visual of a big worm Flat. Also, wouldn't it make more sense to order a giant boot Or a giant bird? The meg of birds, the Early giant bird gets the early giant worm. I can, I just say if I realized in time that this was happening, I would take the once in a lifetime opportunity to quote and reenact the scene from the Disney movie Hercules, where the Hades minions pain and panic fail at converting Hercules into a human And.


it gets mad them and they go, we are worms, worthless worms as they convert into worms. I would do that just because when else is that gonna come up? But that's unrelated to really the rest of this. I would just, if it was, if I got there fast enough in my head, I would do that because I would want to do that. What a reference. That's, that's a crazy deep cut there man. I would See if I could get my old face tattooed under my worm head and then maybe have like some weird body suit I could climb into that has arms and legs where I could try to, they Call that the reverse Heidi Klum. I wear a human suit. I dunno how I'd control it.


I would try to find a way. The Heidi Klum thing is good. Well, your significant other turns into a worm, but they still have the face, their old face. They can still talk. Oh and look around eyeballs, ears, all of it. But just attached to a foot wide worm Is the, is the face skin the texture of worm skin or more of a humane texture? Oh no, it's all worm, but the bone structures are there. I still feel like that's pretty easy. I'd be, I'd be fine with that. Oh, I looked up the Heidi Klum costume. Oh, I, it's very concerning looking if we could, if we could actively communicate though, I feel like that makes everything better versus a scenario where they're just a worm who can't talk or anything. And it's like, how do you even, what are we communicate? They could talk and they got their face easy.


It Yeah, it would work still in sickness and in health. Yeah. Not worry about it. All. right. Okay. All, right Wade? Yeah. Face. I agree. I mean, I don't really have anything else to add. If they had the fa the the more human the better. So yeah, I would take face, lemme Just remind you of what Heidi Klum costume looks like. I remember that horrible melty job with a hot face. Oh, don't worry, I'm bringing it back. That, but you're a significant other. Yeah, There's still love and a lot of concerning feelings, but there's definitely still love. They give you that look from across the room. I Realize I was a bad person in life and I'm in hell, but I still love them. Wow.


Okay. All, right? Yeah. You know when just when I think you're, you're you're, you're in the right space. Yeah. Just pull if you, okay wait, you're a worm. You're a foot wide worm with your face. You can still talk in here. Would you still want them to crush you with a 1,600 Me? Like the movie Alien where they find all of the experiments just laying on the table and they're like, kill me. I don't know. I guess depends. I, I don't, I, I'd have to have the sensation of that feeling to really know how I'd feel. I don't know. Editors turn him into a worm. Kill Me. I feel like if I was in that scenario and I could still communicate, my main message would be like, oh, give up. This sucks, move on.


It's okay. And I would be very understanding, but I don't, I would feel bad. I'm attracted to worms now. It's not you, it's me. You Would be the one to break up with them. I never realized how into worms I am, till I was one. How do worms reproduce eggs? Wait, we learned this in school. I don't recall. Like I have at least two holes I know of. Okay. Two worms line up inverted from each other. So sperm can be exchanged. Oh, they have two male openings and two sperm receptacles. So earthworms have a pair of ovaries. So they're, I believe her maredi. Okay. Yeah.


I'm gonna some like worm orgies and shit then fuck that. I'm out. Jesus Go to everyone else's significant other gathers all into a big worm pile. Yeah. We just lay 69 style in exchange. So If, if you were turned into a worm, you would not love your significant other. That's kind of a power play move that I've never heard. I would Love them if they turn into a worm. If I turn into a worm, God, I probably want some other worms. I'm too good for them if I'm the one, you know. Okay. I can't help but go for the comedy of this. I can't help it. Nah, I Think it's your truth. Well it's about as deep as I've ever explored this topic and I think we've answered it for everybody else, but anyone else got any contributions to make?


I love my wife. I wanna make that clear before that. Right. Okay. So we weren't sure. We wanna make that absolutely clear. Yeah, no, I i I don't, I don't wish for this to happen. So please, if you're out there and you're plotting something, don't worry me. But if you want a list of acceptable animals, call me. Yeah. I mean there's, we could work something out if it needs to be an animal, but Okay. What, what are the acceptable animals? That's for another episode. My dude. No, it's for this episode. What is it, Wade. Okay. I would accept dog of generally most kinds. You One of them dog fuckers. Sorry, I'm done talking for the rest of the episode. Now go on Wade. Look, just 'cause you want to go to the worm orgy doesn't mean that everyone else, The dog, dog is good.


Dog is good. I would also accept Hawk or other predatory bird. Mm. That would be cool. That would be cool. Yeah. Something higher up in the food chain would be nice. Earthworm seems really low in the food chain. Like a leopard where you could just fucking like climb a tree and chill on tree branches. If I retain my personal control and I don't have like animal instincts Panda bear, sure I could be the friendly panda bear. I would be into that. Like kung Fu panda. Yeah. Yeah. Master Master. Uwe. Uwe. I love that Dude. Chimpanzee dude. I could be like a king Louis. I want be LA you as I fling my poo around. That's an orangutan. Yeah, he is definitely an orangutan. Yeah, I could be one of those. I agree with you. Ooh, I would wanna be an elephant.


Okay. That's fun. That's fun. I Don't wanna be anything like small and I don't, I don't wanna be prey. I I definitely wanna be like the killer. I'm exploring some parts of my brain I didn't know I had, but yeah, I wanna fucking murder some innocent animals. Yeah. Okay. All, Right? Like neighbor Jeremy got turned into a frog. I'm gonna fucking eat 'em. Fuck that guy. What eats frogs cars In Australia? Dude, I'll be a car in Australia. Boy mate. Beep beep. Yeah. What if you're a significant other got turned into a living car, dude, That'd be, what is it? A what kind of car is it? What kind of car you want? I mean I'd love them either way, but I'm just curious what kind of cars. I would love them either way too, but I'm just saying I could also help 'em pump the brakes, if you know what I mean.


Is a car fucker over here? What Are you car fucker Open Your trunk baby. Pop the hood. Let me take a look. Let me see what's in the front. That's right. She's an ev All aboard. This is a four door. I don't know what that means. She has air conditioning and Heat. What if your significant other turns into an anthropomorphized version of an animal? Like straight up Stuart Little. That'd Be cool. Okay. I was thinking like just a, a furry, but you're talking about like just an animal, actual animal that's Like, that's not what anthropomorphize means. I don't, well no, that might fall under that definition.


Actually. I don't know. I'm not an expert in Anthropomorph. That's probably better than Worm. I would, I would prefer remain human as she is right now. But it's anthropomorphized animal character who like talks and stuff. That'd be cool. All. right. Then what if they turned into straight up furry, not like fur suit but furry like Bugs Bunny in a dress. I Mean, still probably better. Like Worm is one of the lower like options. You know, that's probably still better than that. I'm still on board. Do Oh do I? I mean I might choose to anyway, but do I have to wear my own fursona to like fit in with them or can we be human and furry together in public?


I say I Think it depends on what they want I guess, but yeah, Because I don't have one, I'm not like vehemently opposed to adopting that to make it work. Well they're expensive so you gotta think of that investment. I, my main concern is that I'm a very warm-blooded person. Like I'm always hot no matter what. And so I feel like if I had to wear a suit like that I would just, I would need that. You need Some grubin salt or whatever the hell it was called. You Know what it is? Don't don't, don't tell what you know what it is. Gobin salt. I'll Give you a point. If you can say the name of it. Gay. Gay salt. Can I have a point if I say the name of it? Yeah, Yeah. You can have a point. Go out. Salt.


There it is. There's an it's All, right? Hey wait, I'll give you a point. If you can say the name of the most commonly occurring, naturally occurring element on Earth, It has Ass. I'll give either of you a point if you could say it. Acetate No as Tanium. You know what a point for consistency mark because that's not the, the first or second time you've ever given me as stadium. Wait, wait, Wait. Adrian, Adrian, Adrian Wall. The element of West Failure. The fuck was West Failure. Oh is that the wind Winnebago? That's the one. Yes. The element is Astatine. That's What I said Isn't it? No, you said it was close though.


You said like Asto die acetate or something. Oh 'cause you have AST and tight altogether. Don't worry guys. We'll get that eventually. I'm calling it, the conclusion is it's a conclusion that if your significant other determined to a worm you'd still love them. But there'd be limitations. The relationship would change significantly. And also Wade really wants to kill, Kill or be killed. That's apparently weights entire world For you. It's A killer. Get killed world out there. It's an eat or get eaten world out there. It's a, what's the actual phrase? He's got it. It's a do or die world out there.


He don't got it. All. right. So we're totally up. Elon got one point for being Elon. Three balls to men. I don't remember what that is. Oh right, the Lord. The rings. I thought you were talking about early two thousands boys music groups. Yeah. You know, balls to men. Balls To men. Three balls were given to the race of men Already fishing. Funny I'd, I'd fucking crawl on him when the villain came By Too. Good for them. If you got turned into a worm and like, what are you a car fucker? No, he said dog Fucker All. right Bob, you got Tesla shame because you were, you were ashamed by your own other car.


You got point for pointing out terrarium right away. Which is like, I, I liked that you thought about the care worm is implied, which I don't really remember. You got footlongs, you got foot wides and then for some reason all caps we are Worms. The Hercules reference. Don't worm me bro. And then you got a point for GLO or salt. So that puts you in 1, 2, 3, 4, 7 to Wade six All, right? I'm Elon six. And even the point for Elon, wait, boy, he look so disappointed. I really thought I killed it today. I was on top of the worm. Man, you made me laugh a lot. Wade was Very funny today, like I thought funnier than me, but I'll take it.


If you got the Glubber salt, you really would've, that would've sealed the deal there Or the ass. I would got. I didn't get the ass either. Which I've already forgotten the word again Bob, for the record Wade, can you tell me what is the most commonly occurring, naturally occurring element on earth? I'll give you two points. Asite, asite, Asite. That is incorrect. I'm sorry Mark. Didn't you say, you just said the most common naturally occurring element on Earth. Yes. Is It still astine? What? I thought it was the, the on the lower end of the, I thought it was metal or something like that. Oh, might have been metal. Rare Earth elements. 'cause I believe hydrogen would still be pretty up there. Oh yeah. Okay. No, yeah it was like metal or something.


Whatever. Look, this is a long time ago. It's not my fault. You guys couldn't get the question right. Look, it's fine. Whatever. It's fine. It don't matter. Mark's the points for Astatine. Astatine. It's astatine. Astatine All. right Bob, congratulations. You squeaked out a winner. And it. I think the power of love carried you through. Yeah, I really, I think, I think Wade was funny but I think I was a human and that's why I won. Oh, I worm's not good enough for you. No, you are the one I believe who said that no Worms were good enough for me. I was just, if I'm a worm, I'm too good for them. Whatever. You know what? I won because I'm better. That's what happened and I deserve it. I'm better in general at everything. Congratulations to me losers speech commence.


I thought a thought that I thought and I thought when I thought that, thought that the thought that I thought was thought but what I thought, I thought not 'cause it was not the thought. I thought that. I thought All. right? Good. Good speech. Good speech. All. right. so I hope we've settled this debate once and for all. Even though it was settled probably years ago. If your significant other turns into a worm, do whatever the hell we said and not what Wade said. Gotta go fishing. Thank you. Thank you guys for participating. Check out our merch or else Distractible store.com. T-I-S-T-R-A-C-T-I-B-L-E-S-T-O-R e.com. If you don't, we will know.


This has been Mark, Bob, and Wade hitting you again with another episode of Distraction. And we'll do another one either at the end of next week or the beginning of next week is sometime soon to start counting. It'll, it'll be there. Oh, I Love today, Friday, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Wednesday. Wrong. Incorrect. Wow. Podcast up.