
Wow. Wow. Here we go. I Can't believe you guys got a new camera. Hey, man. Dude, I, it, it sat Ibotta that months ago. Is it like, nice? It's pretty nice. Yeah. There's gonna be a clear picture now for the boys. Crystal clear dude. Wow. Yeah. Well, I got nervous too. Remember the old one used to like zoom out of nowhere. Yeah. Zoom in on my face for a full episode. Yeah. I, I was worried. I was like, that thing's got, that thing's a ticking time bomb. That's a nightmare to have it slowly Zoom on your face for a full episode. Dude. That was the best Blow dude. That was the best. It was funny too. Do you need to seen it being like, I think it actually zoomed in on just your head. Actually, That's a good podcast angle though. Two cameras set up.


Just maximal Max face. Total Goon. Just dueling goons. Especially if we got in an argument just, just our face. Just like, Actually, fuck you. You see the other person's face the whole time. Like, Yeah, that's what went to zoom in on my face. I was like, fuck. They're definitely gonna catch me being a little bitch. Like, you say something to me being like, oh yeah. Right. As if, As if Matt, it's good to be, it's good to be back. It's fantastic. Last Time I saw you was Notre Dame. I know. I never, I was just thinking about Notre Dame. I mean, bro, it could Been, the kick was incredible. Could've been the big kick if I made it.


Oh, that'd Been awesome. That was like, so when I was, I was on my way there and I hit up McAfee. 'cause I didn't, I don't know. I wanted to get the bros on for sure. And I was like, the only thing I can think of is Matt coming out and if Matt kicks a field goal, he will do it. You know what I mean? Like, anybody else would be like, fuck no. Like, that's like scary dude. I don't know when you told Me. And, and, and Matt just, I was like, Matt's gonna do it and Matt's gonna try his hardest For sure. And there's gonna be no, there's no pressure. Like, he's gonna just be like, I'm gonna do my best. That's exactly what I did. Yeah. I know. I had no, I like, when I, I was on the flight, I got the text and I was like, wow. All right. Yeah. I just thought about it and I was like, I'm just gonna look at that ball and kick it as hard as I can.


Did you know that that's what it was gonna be like? No. Like out Jesus, thousands of people. No, I didn't know anything about it. I there millions Of people watching. No clue. Until I got there. Yeah. And then You are like, dude, it is like a big show. And I was like, right on. And, and I just stuck to my guns. I told, you know, I knew you told you'd be fine. I told, and I, dude, I, for real, especially the moment of kicking it, I had literally, I had zero nerves. I you're, I get so nervous on those things. I, I mean, yeah. I, I maybe, or maybe I just dissociated. That makes total sense. That's why Nervous. I spazzed didn't talk shit on Saban, like the, because he was like, what do you think about the game? And I was like, I don't know. Fucking Nick Saban cheated. It was just a full spazz.


It was so good though. I mean, that I get, I'd like to explain that. 'cause that was, yeah. So after I said that we had to go into the stadium to sit at the desk, which is where he didn't, he wasn't with us when I said it the first time. Time I remember. Yeah. Yeah. So then I got in there and right before we go on, he looks at me and he is like, I heard what you said. And I was like, holy shit. And then Herb Street and McAfee were like, he's just breaking balls, dude. He loves messing with guys. Like, he's literally just fucking with you. Yeah. And I was like, oh, All right, I'll fuck with him back. We can fuck her up. So then I would've never done that if I thought he was serious. Yeah. But they told me he was fucking around. So I started fucking with him.


And then as soon as we get done, I tell Herb Street and McAfee, I'm like, bro, he was definitely serious. And they were like, no way. He was serious. Go talk to him. So I went up to him after news, like, you think the SEC dominated? 'cause we cheated. That's bullshit. And he like, he spazzed All me. Weren't you Helping him down? But then, so he was still on the stage and I was on the field. So after he yelled at me, I had to help him down. And he like looked around to see if anybody else could help him, but I had to help him down. And yeah, I felt really bad about that. I mean, it's Gotta be crazy too, because he's, how old is he? I think he's probably like 70. Yeah. And he's, I didn't know He might be older.


Well, I didn't know too. 'cause I saw him on the screen. I didn't know who he was. And I was like, damn dude, You should start wearing a hat. Like you look 73. Yeah. I'm like, you could really step into that. Look that hat into his coat tour the Whole thing. Next time I do game day, I'm dressing exactly like him. I'm wearing the hat. And then just be like, what, What Dude, these hats are cool. You're right. What? This is how I dress. That's how guys who like sports dress, I didn't realize that was like a legendary coach. He's the number, he is the greatest coach of all time. So from Him to, it must be like, you know, you go on those shows, it's like, All right, time to get fucking high fived at A boy. Yeah. Fucking And you fucking fucking dickhead shows up. I Mean, we do roast the ones we Love though, dude. We do only, yeah. You only roast the ones we love.


It's So funny though, to be a 70-year-old man just in like the twilight of your years, your legacy, and then just be like, dude, your ass gay. You Know, your hat's gay and you cheated. That was, you were just an agent of karma. There had to been some, I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but I'm saying there's gotta be just like, there was some kind of equation that needed to be balanced cosmically. And you know, you were just there. You were there all time. I Think I, I think I kind of was right though now that the SEC isn't the only conference that can pay players. Yeah. That was the other thing too. It's well known right? That like a lot of people were, I Yeah, it's not, so that's the thing. I think a lot of the coaches can distance themselves from it be like, I didn't fucking, we didn't pay players.


I don't know how all these guys got Dodge Chargers, but I didn't fucking do it. Yeah, true. I dunno how everyone on the team has chains and cars. I know, I know. But it's also like, you know, you can't, like when I hear about like the flight gate and all that stuff, I'm always like, good. Like as a good coach. You should. That's what I was, I, dude, I wish Notre Dame was fucking cheating. Yeah, it'd Be awesome. It'd Be awesome. Hopefully they are not Dame vacated wins because a couple players cheated on like a summer class. Meanwhile the SEC was like, we'll give Cam Newton $500 million if he comes to this school. Yeah. True. Like, it's like, I don't know, man. I think Cam, they did something to that guy.


They kinda got like MK Chard, bro. He hates Notre Dame. Dude, fuck him. What's His problem? I Don't know. He dressed, he dressed as like a cat. I think that dude got, he Literally looks like a cartoon cat. I think he got abducted by aliens. It is crazy. He was like a top hat and a bow tie every day. I feel, I feel like my theory, my theory is a house fell on him. I think he, I think a house fell on him and he became a witch. He Is a, he is real witchy. He's very witchy. He's huge, bro. I'm telling you bro. I think he got, he's huge. I think he got either abducted by aliens and sent to the future for five, like 5,000 years beyond. He, that dude is just, Yeah, he's in the future. He's wild, dude. He's wearing future clothes. Did You see the clip of God?


Who was it? Man, Corey Holcomb on his show. And Corey Holcomb just kind of like, just kind of, he like broke something down to him. I don't know what it was, it was about Trump or this or that. I, I don't know what it was, but like Corey Holcomb kind of owned him being like, dude, you really believe, like, kind of like schooled Him. Is scam a lib? Yeah. Dude, he scam New. Yeah, I guess you could tell by the fucking outfit. Yeah, Bro. Otherwise he scam. Scam. But it was Corey Holcomb said, I, I wish I remember what he said, but he's like, you can't be, you can't really believe that. And he was like, I don't like it was, you know, someone's like, fuck. I never thought he was like, you've clearly thought about this before. And he was like, yeah.


Yeah. And you could tell like definitely did it Devastating. It was, I mean, or I don't know. Just I was, I was, but it was funny. Scam Newton. I was wrong about him though. In the NFLI remember having a very intense argument with my college roommates being like, Jimmy Clason is a professional passer from Notre Dame Cam Newton. You can't run like that in the NFL. Dude. This guy's gonna get fucking killed. He dominated his whole career. He was incredible. He changed the game. Yeah. He was nasty. Did you see him throw hands at one time? Yes. He's also terrifying. So that Was kind of nice. We're just joking around. Scam. Yeah. Scam. I'll stop going. Scam cam. You're the man. Oh, He could be scramble. Newton Scam.


Yeah. Scrambling New, but yeah, he those damn man. He really like, it's wild to be that old and get like into like, I mean, I would say the bleeding edge of fashion. Yeah. It's like that's the bleeding edge of fashion is like borderline cross dressing. It's All for real. It Looks like a Mary Kay watch. It's crazy. It's also weird to be that big. Yeah, true. You Can't be like giant and wearing cool stuff. That's kind Of, it looks nuts. It's very erotic to be threatening. Yeah. Is he Magic Johnson's son? I I just saw a video of him yesterday. He's still going nuts, dude. Yeah. What's that? Kid's, I mean, dude. Oh, is it a daughter now? I Do you wanna talk about a balancing act of the universe?


Imagine? Well, I, dude, this is no disrespect, I'm, this is more of like, just kind of put yourself in someone's shoes. But imagine if your, your dad had aids from getting too much pussy. I mean, He got all the pussy that guy couldn't, he like got like multiple generations worth of pussy. So like, you gotta you gotta be that gay when you come out of being his son. You know what I mean? For sure. It would've been crazy if his son came out. You know, it's not like Diddy son. Diddy sons are Diddy son. Womanizer. That was, they were, the apple did not fall far from the tree in the Diddy family. Yeah. Dude, I'm like fascinated by those guys. That's a wi He's like, he had two twin daughters just celebrated 18-year-old.


Their 18-year-old birthday or something. Who Did? He, Diddy Has twin 18-year-old female daughters. And it's like, I just what a world. Yeah. To be a, having a twin's weird enough that to be like, did he, did his Son, is it him or His son's wrapped? One of them's really wrapped up. One of played Football at UCLA. Oh really? That could be the wrong, I could be thinking of somebody else. And I think Snoop do hit it, hit his strength and conditioning coach in the head with like a kettlebell like attempted murder. He's probably just trying to get some, he probably saw a guy doing jumbo jacks said, what if he gets acquitted? What if he gets acquitted? It was all made up. What? That'd be crazy. No, I was right about that. Did he, did he attack the UCLA football coach with a kettlebell?


What? Yeah, Primal. You think it was primal On it? It was probably, it, it was probably basic. A gorilla head. I mean, he definitely wasn't swinging anything head. If you're gonna attack somebody with a kettlebell, it's probably like a 15 pounder, like a 10 pounder. Damn. His son was pretty good. It looks like. Really? I don't know if he played ever 'cause his dad attacked someone with a kettlebell, but I feel like that would get you off the bench. True. I wish my dad wasn't such a bitch about, you know, he could've got up in Someone's face. Yeah, he could've Helped. I mean, I was playing both sides of the ball in seventh grade. So true. That was my peak. I peaked, like, I started out at my peak of football and was just like, Yeah, you're Travis Hunter. I was nasty. You're two a star.


Seven special. Don't forget about special teams, bro. Three way. I mean, all facets of the game. You had it. Did Saban say anything about me? Actually, Saban mentioned you. He said, he said, who was that guy who kicked that ball? I'd like to give him $500,000 to not Was that, was That the guy from the BYC bulldogs? I saw there kicking the ball. True. I do wish my father had held it down. Like did he like that? Yeah, man. Came down to Elon with me the whole year. I was riding the bench. Just yeah. Attacked our strength and conditioning coach with a kettlebell, got his ass beat by our strength and conditioning coach. Yeah, that I, dude, I'm telling you the, it's a, i I really love delving into like, the kind of just psychosis of like fathers and sports and coaching.


It's just like, it gets really, it's like a dark world dude. Yeah, it's pretty nuts man. Phil Held it in pretty well. That's good because I've seen occasionally he would come watch practice, which was a little weird. Was he quiet Though? He didn't say anything. He just would look over and you'd see a car in the parking lot. You'd be like, this guy. How bored is this fucking guy? No, he probably loves it, dude. Yeah, he liked It. Yeah, dude, if you're quiet and chill, more power to you. It's when like dudes start, dudes get weird. Yeah. About like the high school sports kids, kids playing play my song and all that. Yeah. Yeah. You dude down to like way young people start fasting. And it's a weird, it's a weird trip to get on. It's A weird trip to get on. Like, yeah, my kid's the best. Yeah. It's like, no dude, Clearly we're Watch, watch the field. Yeah. Watch, watch tape.


We're gonna grind on the tape. He's All right. But that is, you know, that's, that's a thing where it's like My coaches playing their sons. That's where it does get a little like Yeah. Quarterback every time. Quarterback. Yeah. Who knew every coach's son was a quarterback. But yeah, that's, I mean, I, I could, I I could get into girls' basketball coaching. Dude, the path is set for me. The path is set. I've thought about it. Like I show up Practice. You can get touch with Phil. Phil could be your mentor. That would be nice. Phil Could mentor you. He Probably could. 'cause I, I think my Mom just had knee surgery today and my dad's not home helping her because he is going to like a girl's basketball practice. Will You are like Phil, skip the fucking practice. No way, dude. She just helped him the entire time. I was about to say it was Probably the whole time he was recovering from that.


I mean, I mean, girls are so good at that day. Day two, she's, she got surgery yesterday. Really? And he's already, he is like, I gotta go to the practice duty calls. I just like, dude, stay home. Women do wait on you hand. Like they, there's nothing they love more than you being like incapacitated. Yeah. If they had it your way, they'd be dead. Yeah. If they had it their way, you'd be dead. Ideally. But like you laying in a bed and needing 'em, they can't, they love that so much. Tuck you With blankets. Very nice. They love it. Dude. If Brittany has anything wrong with her, a I like kind of question her to make sure she's not faking first and foremost. Yes. Yes. I go, oh, well your knee really hurts.


And they're like, oh my, All right. Just making sure you're not making this up. And I have to go. Yeah, it sucks, man. I, I told you when they, when I broke my nose and they, they, I, I got my deviated septum fixed while they had to like put my nose back together. I came outta the hospital and like, you know, Brittany picked me up. She's like always happy to do that. And they put me on fentanyl. Fuck you dude. Because I came, I came, got fentanyl. Yeah, dude. They put me on Fent. I fucking, I came up, I remember coming to, 'cause you know, they knock you out and like, boom, you're just back. Yeah. Just instantly to be continued. And I come back after hours of them just like, you know, cutting my nose.


They, they cut your septum out, like the part between your nose and then straighten it out and resell it. It's disgusting. Oh man. But I came to, and I, I came, once I realized like where I was, I was like, Hey, great Job everybody. Yeah. Hey everybody. Great work. And everyone's like, All right. You sit. Yeah, okay buddy. And they Were like, we gave you, we gave you something for the pain of the way home. And I was like, what did you give me? I'm just curious because I am curious about they give you ketamine to put you down apparently. So I was curious about the cocktail and they were like, fentanyl. And I was like, huh. So they hit me with a effect. Where did you go? I just, somewhere, somewhere K Philly, bro. I just, You give you the fucking Ketamine somewhere In Philly. Dude. The worst. Yeah. True. Gave you some of that tran dog.


I didn. They I know you like to Get wet young man. Yeah, true. But I, I like, I was like, All right. And I was already so fucked up from everything else they gave me, but that, that fent hit me and Brittany picked me up and I was just like, anything she said, I would be like, well, you just shut the foot. I was so mean Dude. Yeah. Instantly I had opiate rage for sure. Which apparently that happens if you're on perks. Like you get mean dude. Super mean. Yeah. Also, right now, the mayor, black dudes are getting crushed by Percocets. Black dudes are getting crushed by opiates right now. Yeah. Opiates and Galaxy Gas. I Galaxy Gas. Yeah. Galaxy Gas. What's Galaxy Gas? Whippets. It's just black dudes discovered Whippets this year. They Just Discovered Whippets. They just discovered Whippets. And it's not good.


They're getting fucked up. You, if you do too much nitrous, apparently it stops your body from being able to produce vitamin B, which is like important for your nervous system. Yeah. And like it fucks you up. Yeah. And dudes are calling off, first of all, they all say smoking, like you're not smoking anything. Yeah. You're just huffing Galaxy Gas. And it's like, dude, it rocked, it Whippets rocked black people. It's hurting the community. It's crushing them, but their voice does get deep, which is sick. So you can be, you can be like three seconds of just like the ultimate og then you fall over and like the fucking Best Buy party. Shoot. I don't go. You just go down. You go down.


Yeah. That's nice. He just, he's just dent the charger. Oh. Oh sure. Oh, For Ain't no control. I've been watching a YouTube guy that you've probably watched or would enjoy. There's like a, it's like a Pakistani English guy. I think he's Pakistan, don't know some for sure. But he goes to America to go to hoods and interview people. Really? In the, in the ghetto. Dude, that's a huge genre right now. He always like, so Bv, when did you decide to jump off the porch? That's not, oh dude, that's the Best. When did you jump off the porch? They all Use like, good slang.


And they're Like, yeah, it's so funny. Oh, what'd you just hit a lick? And they're like, no, no, dude. Yeah. It's all that. It's dude, those guys, Brandon Buckingham apparently got like wrapped up in like a shooting. He was another guy. He was like, he did like, I think he did like Sri in all these neighborhood, like inside the most dangerous neighborhood. Oh, Scrilla was, he interviewed Scrilla on one of 'em, bro. And Scrilla was the man, Skrilla is the man So far. Everybody in Philly was like, Mr. Disrespectful. Oh, I, I know you're talking YBC dual. RIP bro. He got Killed. It was the funniest interview I've ever seen. He is like, so why do they call you Mr. The disrespectful bro? He's like, I'll just really be disrespectful everybody. It's like, All right, you fucking asshole. He was digging up the ops grave, heed up the ops grave. He got killed dude. In West Philly. Yeah. He got killed right after that interview.


Yeah. But Scrilla was the only one that, 'cause every time he always always asks, he's like, would you put the guns down if the ops put the guns down? And everyone's always like, nah, we gotta exterminate the ops. Yeah. Skrill was just like, yeah. Yeah, for sure. Well he's, I think he had like a nice upbringing. He Or nicer. His dad was into the picture. I've watched like seven Skrill interviews. Yeah. He kind of rules. He Does rule dude. Other than I've, I've messaged him before. Did I, did I tell you what happened the one time? Yes. So yeah, like I saw, I was watching him on a Kensington Live feed. Yeah. And I had to tell him, I was like, bro, if I got the drop on you dude, you better get outta there. But he, 'cause I Did He respond? Yeah, he talked to me. He was like, that's crazy. Because he was, I was like, bro, I'm watching you on a live stream on YouTube, like your whereabouts.


That's awesome. And then I'd watch him go into the bar he was going into. Then I'd watch inside the bar on his Instagram live. It was crazy, dude. But yeah, he is the absolute man. But his thing was, he works with a bunch of other, he just works with all these different gangs, dude. And then he would like surprise guys and put them on the same track and they would like spazz. 'cause they were like, oh, you know, they're the ops, the ops opposite. And he would just not tell them and put them on the same track. And they'd be like, what the fuck dude? He's the man. I love that guy. I was, I did like Mr. Disrespectful. I Love I Yeah. Y BBC do, Man. It was pretty fun to look how he handled himself. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. True. Well it's funny too, 'cause they're young as fuck, dude. They're like 22, 23.


Yeah. Just getting the, get the bag, dude. I, I'm rooting for 'em, dude. I hope they do well. Yeah. I need Skrilla dude to not die from drugs. All those guys, dude, all like, when you watch like a million dollars worth of game, it's just those two dudes, GI and WLA or whatever, just talking to dudes like they did the Kodak Black episode and he just, the dude's just like dipping out Kodak. He's so hot. Yeah. Kodak's unfortunately very fucked up Right now. Did you see when he threw a pillow up in the air on I think it was Kai. Yeah. Was that, yeah. That Was a little twitch for the itch or something. It would dude a little glitch for the twich. He, he wouldn't leave. And he called It, he Wouldn't leave though, was trying to get him to leave. And he was like, I was like, holy shit.


Well Dude fucking NBA young boy. Same thing. They did a thing for him and he'd just be like, yeah, he was so fucked up. He couldn't talk. And they were like, listen, it was a really moving speech, man. He talked to Kodak Black and gave him a speech. And I was like, I was like, damn, that's actually, yeah. Very moving. But yeah, dude, you guys, you can't do the fucking, I tried to warn my black friends a long time ago. Like, guys, the white, the pills came for us, dude. Yeah. We felt it was winter for a long time. Don't make the same mistake. And they're like, nah bro, I'd be fucking on these things forever. I'm like, it's not gonna work out that way, dude. You're gonna be a junkie. But yeah, it's a damn shame. It's a goddamn shame dude. But dude, the not, sorry. The Notre Dame game, I told you what, what time I saw the funniest thing I've ever seen.


'cause I was sitting in like, there, I was sitting near a lot of Indiana fans. 'cause it was like, you know, it's in Indiana or whatever. And I had the SDI hat on, which is red. Oh. So a lot of Indiana fans thought I was repping Indiana. So I was just like sitting with them. And then there was like these Notre Dame fans. It was like three early 20 something kids with like a, you know, 50 something year old dad. And when they scored that, like, that one run like early on the, like, the Indiana guys are like yelling stuff. Like, and then like, nothing crazy. But this one kid, Notre Dame fan turns around to like an old man in decked out Indiana gear and goes, fuck you dude. Like, you know how close everybody is? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was like, right here in this man's face, screamed at him double bird to the face.


And I was just like, huh, that's crazy. And dude, I was like, it was the funny. And the old man was like, don't, hey, no, don't say that to me. It was a fucking funny. And then the kid's dad was like, don't do that. Knock that off. And it was so funny. Yeah. You can see I've, I've gotten in flights at games, Bro. That was, I I'm surprised that one of the, it's Crazy how people think they can talk to you during a football game. I'm surprised. One of the, 'cause I think that guy had his kin with him. Some relations. You, you would think that someone had been like, 'cause you can just destroy somebody and just shove Them. I had some Michigan fans a while ago did behind me and my cousin bro. And my cousin's nuts did, he's out, he's out of his mind. And these guys were talking shit. And they're like, oh, what are you guys gonna do about it?


And I was just like, if we gonna fucking kill you Guys, they kill guys. Did they have the high ground? They did. They were the road behind us. See this guy? But we would've fucked them up. Oh, okay. Just Remember, I remember one row's not bad, you would scoop him down. But dude thi this guy, his dad, he was like humiliating his dad. His dad obviously brought his three, him and his three fr or two friends of the game the whole time was just, it was kind of funny. Yeah. I guess I have been in a, every game I go to, yeah, the Ohio State Notre Dame game and Just separated the sides like a high school game, dude. Yeah. That's crazy the way they do that. But this guy, so finally his dad like, shamed him into apologizing. He turned around and he is like, I'm sorry sir. That wasn't appropriate for me to do that. That's nice. It was nice. But he turned. But I'm like, All right. He, he wasn't sincere. Yeah. His dad got up to leave and I saw he popped his phone up in a group chat and he was like, I just said, fuck you to this guy behind me.


My dad got mad. What a pussy. That's Mr. Disrespectful. That's a young Disrespectful. He was totally Mr. Disrespectful. He disrespecting everybody. He Was. And then he, he just, every play he was just yell shit out. But you know, that was, that was, that was so fun. It's Too bad though. 'cause Indiana, they're not really the ops. Yeah man. They're Penn State's, the Ops. I know. Dude. This is the game. This is it. This is the ultimate game. This Pennsylvania might break out in a civil war. Pennsylvania will go crazy. This is like, this is, this is the most stressful game possible. They gotta beat 'em, bro. They gotta do it for those kids. I agree. Although both sides. No, no, no. That's what they all try. That's how nasty these Penn State fans are. They're like, yeah, what about the Catholic change?


You're like, dude, Notre Dame's its own Thing. That's why we need his teachings even more. Even, you know, all men fall. Yeah. So we do. Yeah. Don't disgrace the teachings, but yeah, that's true. What about the Catholic church? It's like, nah dude, Don't fucking bring them into this. First Of all, that's different. That's different. That's different. We all know that's different. That's so different. That's family business. That's fa That's in-house, Bro. That's in-house. That's family business. All right. Don't bring up Notre Dame. That's so different. All right. They were being weird, bro. They were playing, they Were being weird as fuck. Yeah. Dude, it when a religious dude, we used to like chop virgin's heads off and kick 'em down the altar. People are gonna catch 'em strays in The church. People are gonna catch 'em straight. After all we did for the whole world. The Catholic church. I know, dude. What did Penn State dude want title in 60 years under Joe Pop? I mean, dude, That's the, that's the thesis of that book.


Get fired for that. Around Notre Dame way. That's a thesis of dominion. Apparently every abolitionist movement early on was tied to Catholic church. Where's he going? That's, I think that's mine. Ooh. What you doing with it? Let's come outta of coffee. Just in time, bro. Just talking about worldwide. But it's, it's too big. It's, it's, So I, when I was living here, I started like, not like Penn State, but you know what I mean? Like, I'm like Yeah, exactly. I know some of the guys that played for 'em now and it's like, especially in the south where they're like the north like camp play football. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So then you start to be like, now Penn State's actually not bad. Yeah. And then I went back home for five months surrounded by my friends from Yeah.


I fucking hate Penn State, dude. I fucking hate them. I hate them, dude. Yeah. That'll be a huge game. Is, that's not the championship. It's Thursday. Is it the It's the semi-finals. Okay. And then the champ. So down to four. It's gonna be Ohio State, Texas on Friday. Kinda want Texas to win that. Definitely need Texas to win that. Yeah. We about Ohio State's. Very good. That's A perfect little treat. I wanted you to have a little treat. That's a perfect little caffeine treat. Dude. I'm so gone on the caffeine man. I'm telling you dude, my level of secret buzz. Thank You. Thank You. I've always been looking for a secret buzz during the day, but it's, I've been getting just atrocious with like, Who is, what's up with weed? How's that going? I, So I, how's That for a secret buzz?


I've taken a huge sabbatical from weed, but I have found these mints and you know, everyone likes to fucking milligram mug everybody else. Yeah. Look, I like to do 50 and it's like, whatever you do, you, but I found these mints, they're two and a half milligrams. And that way you can kind of titrate the dose so you don't just get like whacked out. You know, I'll be, yeah. Before I would try it on a playground with my kids. And you just get like wobbled on a play. It's not a move. It's, it's not the, you know, it's not the road successful parenting, but a little 2.5 milligram. Perfect. Yes. And it just, especially if you're out drinking, I take one with every drink and it's like that way, like that fourth one hits, you're, you're in the 10 milligram zone, which isn't nothing crazy, but it's enough to give you the gymy cricket on your shoulder in terms of drinking.


'cause it's like, man, when that ball go, that ball rolled away from me in Boston, dude. And I got what happened? I just got, I was in Boston. I was, we like, my cousin met me up there Where you got fucked up? I got, dude, I got fucking hammered. That's fun. It was a while ago to the point where like, they're, they do those tours in like, Boston does this Paul Revere tours were like, Ooh, this ancient fucking Yeah, graveyard. And it was actually sick. Me and my cousin were out there, we'd been drinking all day and then we were smoking cigars near a graveyard. But you couldn't get in. We were trying to get in 'cause it was fenced off. It was like an old, You were drunk trying to get into the cemetery. Drunk Smoking cigars on a billion of those mints. I was just eating all Day. Oh No. And I was like trying to get in.


'cause they, they had like these candlelit tours and like this ancient graveyard. Yeah, that'd be sick. So I tried to get in the door. They wouldn't let us in. So we got in this other area where we could get like real close. But we, you know, we were like a little bit gated off. But then the tour came by. It's a freedom trail. Isn't that what it's called? No. Fuck. It's probably something like that. A guy was dressed like Paul Revere giving The tour. Yeah. What's his name? Used to see that Sam from Boston? No, he used to do the Yeah, Sam, Mike used to do that. Did he really? He used to be a reenactor on that. Yeah. Anyway, dude, It was kind of sick on the, we were like sitting there. We already, we were just like sitting there puffing our stokes just ha me and my cousin was like hammered just sitting there and they're like, he was saying how like Harvard, like in the early days of America, would pay grave robbers to go dig up people's loved ones so they could examine their dead bodies.


Oh nice. It was like a weird job. Like a, a black market job you get where you could just dig up dead bodies and sell 'em to Harvard going, makes you Disrespectful. It was a way of life. Yeah. Yeah. It was truly a way of life. And, and so we're sitting there and we're on the edge of the thing. And I was like, yo, let's get it. Can you get us inside? I wasn't even part of the tour. I was like, can we get inside? The guy was the Paul Revere guy was like, no. And I was like, oh, that's fucking lame. And then they were like, moving on. I was like, fuck. But I did see, I saw two young, or two or three young bros on city bikes. And they were like, I was talking to them, they were listeners to the podcast and I was hammered. There's these two girls over there. I was just doing like the old guy thing of like, bro, gotta talk to those fucking girls About you guys. Shit, bro, if I didn't have a wife, I'd be talking to em Girl.


Because I was sure the girls were getting loud and I was like, they're just acting up, bro. They're desperate for your attention, man. They see you on those fucking city bikes. They want you guys to ride over. They're like, you wanna come to Fenway with us? And I was like, strongly considered it. Yes. I was like, I gotta go, man. Like get a city bike. It's like at five mile ride. And I was like, Hmm, I better go inside. But yeah, I got, I woke up with the worst hangover possibly. It was like the, the weed didn't, the alcohol won. Yeah. But those weed edibles were still because, I don't know, I I just, were You drinking? Were you drinking liquor or something? Yeah, I was drinking liquor cider wine. I was drinking. You are doing it all. I was doing it all. Dude. And I, we went to the Cheers bar, But you gotta go to the Cheers bar. So funny. Shit. Rocks. We went to the Cheers bar.


My, my cousin's wife was like, I know this is stupid you guys, I really want to go. We're like, no, no, no, it's not stupid. As soon as we got there, like, wow. So cool. So, but we, once we got in there, it was like, it's hard to get seats in there. Yeah. And we just, it was like, it's, it's actually kind of an aggressive place. Everyone's trying to like, get to the bar. It's honestly, I don't know. I don't want to talk badly about the Cheers bar, but it, it wasn't all that it was cracked out to me, but we actually got to the bar and it was, was like, kind of a hard thing to do. And it was just a stroke of luck. And once we dug in there, I just was crushing draft siders. Like I couldn't stop. It's a fun time. It was so, it was, it was Cheers bar bro. Exactly, bro. Whatcha gonna do. And they have things of norms and whatever the guy, so dude, they have, they have, Oh God.


They, they have those dumb plates you can buy. That's exactly what this fucking dipshit brought. Well Dude, they they Have, you wanna hang it in here? They Have like a bucket and they have, they have little light Day one during his normalism panic attack from moving. He thought he was dying. He was laying on my couch like, I'm dying. He was like, you're just, you're just nervous from the move, bro. It's okay. How many didn't you drink? Like 10 Jake Paul drinks on the way down here. Yeah. Six Celsius. God. And then took mushrooms. Yeah. The next Day. And then thought he was gonna die. And I He go to Nickel City at night. That's a good time. It Was a good time. Yeah. It was New Year's Eve. It was A good time. Yeah. That's good. Oh Wow.


Yeah. Yeah. It was. You would love it, dude. You can pull in this bucket and it's just different normalism. There's another ism. I don't know what character that was, but the Normalism is dude hit kind of hard. So we would just pull 'em out, read 'em to my cousin's wife and go typical norm. Cheers. Classic. Classic norm. Classic Norm Cheer, man. Cheers. Nothing better than it. Yeah, it was very fun. But then I got kind of hammered there. Then they went, our wives went out to like, do something. So we sat at that was, oh, I didn't, I didn't tell you about this. So then we, we sat, so then we go, me and my cousin go to this like fancy looking like cavernous Mexican place. It was like, you can upscale Mexican place. And I just sat there and just crushed margaritas. The bartender was attractive.


Full disclosure. Attractive. Yes. Maybe 26-year-old bartenders. Pretty wild. Awesome. And so we're, me and my cousin are sitting there just cool. Just two old school players, Dude. Just chilling out Maxim. Just chilling out. Just chilling out. Maxim being Normal as hell. And like, so then like we're sitting there drinking and then the guy next to us finishes his drink, stands up, shakes the bartender's hand beast. And I was like, bro, that is the Horst shit I've ever seen. And mind you, she had made me custom margarita. Not A big deal. Nothing. Because she was like, but she was personalizing things. Yeah, Well she was like, what do you want? My thing is, is I go, when I'm at a bar, I go, just hit me with some crazy shit. I know you can dream stuff up. You go full mixologist. Yes. Hit me with a passion fruit margarita.


I mean, I think she was kind of sending me, you know, when a woman gives you passion, fruit, anything, she's trying to tell you something. But I was just trying like, Hey, chill out lady. Yeah. So then, so I'm sitting there like, man, You made no friendly advances. Not at all. I, she could have been a obese 40-year-old man. I would've treated her not differently at all. Strictly business. Straight from the cheer bar straight. Yeah. You were nothing but serious at this point. I just Trying to remember Normalism to say to her, She's gonna love this one. But then I'm sitting there and I'm like telling my cousin, like, dude, is that not the craziest thing? He is like, that was pretty nuts to stand up and shake the lady's hand. So then finally I, after like three margaritas there, I was like, just, You had three margaritas. That's three margaritas. After, you know, g you Don't give it some Head.


Well I was, I I I just, I had to ask her. I was like, yo, just, just from my understanding of the world was that, was that kind of nuts how that guy shook your hand? And she was like, oh. It was like one of my, my old coworkers. I was like, oh fuck. Because I was like such a horny guy. I was just jealous. He touched her hand. Yeah, Of course. You know, who does he think he is touching? Obviously my wife. Yeah. But I, I asked, She like me, she has a crush on me. I asked Bro. I asked and I was just like, yo, just So I was, that was weird. Right. There's A, the horniest guys on earth are guys talking to car girls at golf. Those are the horniest guy. There's videos. There's videos. You can find that there's some good videos online of guys coming up to car girls.


And like, you understand how beautiful You are, right? Like what you do. You brighten my deck. Like cutting her off from getting back in the cart, being like, I love you. There's a Yeah, I go to, there's a golf course near me that I go to that they also, they serve fucking like, fantastic taco. The food is awesome. So we'll bring the kids there and let 'em run around after like the driving rain shuts down. They just run around. Yeah. On that grass. I mean, just crushed tacos. But I didn't know that was a thing. 'cause I saw a lady driving a golf cart. Yeah. And just, just out of like, like literally innocent. It's it's hot Outfit Possible. Yeah. I just kind of like, it's Tennis skirt and polo. I was Trying to figure out, I was, is this a thing an I thought it was just like a one-off. I'm Like, and she comes to give you drinks and snacks Really?


While You're already hammered on the golf course. And you go, see I didn't know that. And while your wife is saying, where are you? You've been gone too long. Yeah. You go, bitch, I'm on the third fucking hole. That game seems designed to just like absolutely crush wives. Yeah. It's so long. Yeah, it's so long. And it's just the bros and they split it up. They go, Hey, no, no, no. It's, there's a girls golf, there's guys golf. Something I'd love to get into, but I I just don't have the time. I Went to the driving range a couple times with G Driver range is six. The with Gerbes. He loves it. It's all Gerbes talks about Could I walk the grounds with a walking stick? Yeah. And not play. Yeah. You could just walk on. That's What I'm saying. I just want, People might come up and be like, who are you? Like I'm, I'm, I'm a head.


I'm hiking, like I'm saying, I'm trying to find the car girl. My daughter was, I'm from Pennsylvania. My daughter went missing. I think she's a car girl. She fell in with the wrong crowd. The club pro here took her under his wing. She fell in with some caddies. She Fell with some tough caddies. You know, she's a whore. My cousin was caddying for a long time and he like got nasty at golf. Yeah. He's, I think he's like sub 80. That's pretty good. Yeah. I'm always blown away. That's just good as it gets. Yeah. When I hear About people going sub 100, I'm like, damn bro. Yeah. You can play. Yeah. People ask me, people ask me to go golfing all the time. Like, bro, I'll hit a 250. Yeah.


I'll hit a, you won't believe the number I'll hit. Well I heard, I was talking about, I was talking about this to someone and they're like, no, you do pairs best ball Baseball. Baseball's kind of fun. Yeah. And you just do nine holes. He's like, don't eighteen's crazy Unless we're drinking. Yeah, true. It's the best part. The back nine, you're blacked out and you get to drive a golf cart around and you go watch this. Ah, It is a safe haven for drunk driving. It's so fun. But yeah, dudes whip those things too because I, I did feel bad. Z I'll unleash like the kids on the putting green and like, usually I'm there late enough where no one's on there. But the other day there was a lot of people on the putting green. They were just trying to do putts while like girls are doing like cartwheels around. It was so fucking funny. You gotta, you know, they gotta figure out how to hit it under pressure.


That's what I was saying. I was like, Hey man, sorry my kids don't do play golf. Clap. Like, you gotta, yeah, You gotta earn it around here. There was a guy, I was like, dude, it was actually like, I think it was like two days ago, he was working on chip shots and there was dude, there was like real like seven little kids running around. He was chipping it and I was like, man, this guy must be confident. He's focused dude. He fucking just sunk it like on like a, he just sunk a, of course he did hole in one chip shot on the showing Off for the kids. I was like, what The fuck? I'd be so worried I was gonna crack a kid in the head with a ball. For real. Dude. I'm might definitely, he like, he was hitting it hard enough to where I was like, damn bro. Yeah. That golf course is the chill spot though. Tacos chill. You Gotta hit the range. I do. I hit the range every now and again. Oh, All right. I'm not bad dude. I can hit it.


Like, and I, I don't know where this came from. I can hit it straight somehow. Yeah. Not with the driver. Driver Driver's. So hard Driver. I've sent a couple out into the road. Yeah. They're like, if you send it in the road, you're financially responsible. It's like, I don't think so, bro. Yeah. Pretty sure I'm hitting golf clubs at your business. I'm pretty sure you're the one with the insurance policy. Yeah. If I have a car, I'm obviously leaving. Yeah. And not telling anyone I did that. Yeah. I'm gonna be like that. Would you see that cart? It fucking shot it out like a lawnmower. That wasn't fucking me. But yeah, dude, I, I've weirdly got better at sports in as I'm older is bizarre That that happens a little. You slow down. You, you're not as just chill. You are not spazzing. You're not nervous. Exactly. That dude. I'm telling you that field goal kick, I didn't, wasn't Nervous.


Field kick you had bro. Ah bro. You Booted it. And all I could think about I was telling you was that quote where it's like, it's like some Chinese zen thing where it's like, as soon as the archer thinks about the prize, his mind becomes divided from the target. And I was just like, dude, all I gotta think about's a target. And I was totally, You were locked in. I was totally locked in. I didn't ma if I made it, that would've been sick. But I was like just happy. I got it up into the air and moved. But it's like, dude, ping pong. Then I played ping pong that night was awesome. Me and James were playing ping pong. That was so fun. I'm Good at ping pong now. I was hammered just watching them play ping pong at night. Yeah, that was, that was great. I just sat on the couch, watched you guys try your artists don diving people lay I were you surprised about the fucking He was Really good. We, but then I did when you went to bed, I said, I'm gonna bring in my old workhorse, Chris' O'Connor.


O'Connor. True. Get down here. I know O'Connor's gonna be good at this. O'Connor was nasty. Yeah. I I believe it. That was my favorite part of the trip probably. I was talking you and James into going back down and competing again. Well, The craziest, he beat me and then I beat you. That was the best. And he came up and he's like, well I beat the second. I'm like, Why? Yeah. They were like, Matt told me who won. They played three games. Yeah. We did two sets of best outta three. And he won the first, I won the middle. He won this the second or the third I guess. Okay. But it was very, it was, it was an easy one. Even even hammered to just be like, James, didn't you just say you won the game? He did. It was crazy. And then they both are like, no, no, We had to go back. Gotta sell it. You got rich into play. Anyway, He played great, but dude out nowhere. We like, were fucking around.


I was like, it was crazy bro. It, it was Unbelievable. It's exciting times. I'm telling you man. Getting like better at every sport and nearing your forties is like, it's kind of been a welcome and it it is. It's it's all mental. Yeah. It's like I, I just don't care about like missing Basketball shots. Yeah. Hit baseball. I'll see you out there on that. I'd like to see would be the home run derby. I bet you can hit it. I Don't know man. That was my greatest sports weakness was the swinging the back. Yeah. 'cause it was scary. 'cause someone was throwing a fast pitch. Now I don't care. I I'd love a ball to hit me in the fucking head right Now. Yeah. Knock me. Just kill me. Knock me the fuck out. Knock. I'm done with this day already. Trust the machine. Yeah. Dude, I've been skateboarding fearlessly. I'm worried about that. I'm gonna, I Similar the videos, I said, you better slow down man, Bro.


I I might get a helmet and Start you a fucking collarbone or something. I'm Not worried about bones'. Bones. Don't wanna my You look like a dumb ass Dude. I skate. Well that would be funny for standup. It would be kind of funny. Yeah. Broke my arm skating. Broke my arm. Skateboarding not, Not a big deal. It's dude, the pump track is like, you drop in and then you like, you have to like move your legs in a certain way to gain speed or through the hills. Dude, you come up to the last hill, the really good guys like hit it and get air then come down. Yeah. But just getting to the top of that thing you're going, then you gotta come around like a little wall. And dude, you're literally going like, you're leaning and you're like, and my my uncle, he's dude, he does it with me. He's like 50. He was like, oh, nice.


He, he took a video and his son, my my cousin freeze freeze. Like the video took a picture of my face. Like it looks like he's experiencing GForce. 'cause I'm like, like fully nerding out. It's so funny. Dude. The skate park for, it's so hard. Like physically, I, I would do it like effortlessly when I was a kid. Yeah. You get destroyed Just like winded. Yeah. From just like, pumping your legs and like balancing Violent skiing. Not for a long time. Fuck fucks you up, dude. It's gotta kill you Day two, you're like, oh shit, my legs don't work. You gotta be dead. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was doing an hour and 10 minutes of skateboarding. My legs were fried for like two days. It's pretty fucking eye-opening honestly. Yeah. It's pretty crazy.


But dude, once you get decent at it, it's so sick. And then it's like, I try to like, I've been really trying to like stamp this part of myself out. But it's like, you see the other parents with their kids and you're skating. You're like, hop on the board Pups, Hop on the board, bro. But I, I try, I try not to do That. What make the other parents Just be like, it's just gotta be funny 'cause like you're I'm there watching parents with their toddlers. Yeah. It's just you and the toddler Kids my age. I'm ripping the skate park and I almost wanna tell 'em, I'm like, bro, grab the Board. They're afraid to live free. Like, you grab the board, bro. Yeah, Grab the board. Because I've talked to a lot of people who are like, I'm gonna do it. I'm like, do it dude. Yeah. It's so scary when you first start dropping it. I'm Never, ever, it's ever Scary.


It's just for the record. I'm never going near it. It's so scary. And I'm not saying, I'm not like shaming the dads. I'm more talking about like covertly seducing their wives from my skating. Are there wives there while you're skating and you're just like, It's wives. Did you see that? It's The worst domestic setup where it's ki little kids, like little kids on those little zoomie bikes where like, they don't even, some of 'em don't even have pedals. There's like a small beginner's kind of like bowl looking thing. And then there's like the advanced pump track and it's just kids meeting their demise and then just mom's freaking out at dad's being like, you watching them and just dad's in hell and I'm just fucking riding and you're floating. I'm just riding the wave You got Going bro. You, you got two milligrams in you and you're going, damn.


Yeah. 6,000 milligrams of caffeine and like a little bit of weed. Just going, brother. Grab the board, brother. Get on the pump track. Wait, I just, I I am just kidding too. I'm not thinking about seducing men's wives, but the thought has Crossed. It's a fun joke. It's a fun joke. And the thought has crossed my mind like, dude, How nice it would be to have sex with people's wives. No, not that I'm all, I'm all about just getting that attraction and getting that energy out, bro. Skate life at this point. That's what I'm talking about. You're a skater boy. It's, you're obviously gonna seduce women. I'm not gonna, well, come on man. I'll look all, all, here's what I'm about. If I see a guy on the board, I go, honey, don't look honey, close Your fucking Eyes. Don't look a guy. 4-year-old Shit. This guy on the pump track going one mile an hour.


Don't look, don't look babe. Well you need enough speed. Otherwise you peter out on the pump track. And that's embarrassing. And I, it took me three days. How many bales have you been bailing out gnarly. All the bales. Oh, I bailed. I've slammed, dude, I slammed hard the other day. I don't know what happened. Like when you come back up, I leaned forward a little bit too much. If you zone out for a second, you're fucked. Yeah. I kind of zoned out. And, you know, again, doesn't matter at all, but there was this like lady skating with gigantic tits and Was your lady with gigantic tit skating. You know, you see people and you're like, you definitely have five and those, And it's, it's hills right there. I was she in the hills? She she was a youngster. She was a youngster. But I was, it was like, it was a guy, it was a young skater couple in love, but the lady was significantly better.


And I, I shouldn't really be talking, I shouldn't be talking skate park confidential stuff, but like, but it was just a funny dynamic. 'cause like, dude, I was watching this lady. You know, when you see people, like if you're a girl who skateboards and you have like colored hair and you know, apple bosom, you probably have 500,000 Instagram files. You know, that shit translates to Instagram so. Well, yeah. But, but they were holding down the skate park pretty hard. Was She dressed like the bully from The Simpsons? The one with like the skull cap and the hair coming? Yeah. Like your little skull cap. Is that Ralph's? Is it Ralph the bully? No, no. Ralph's Nelson. But Nelson's friend. Nelson's friend is who I was thinking of. Yeah. Yeah. Doesn't he have a friend that Nelson is the boy? I'm thinking of dressing like Nelson and you were kind of spot on, but I, I, again, I shouldn't, I'm I'm being a gross pig.


I'm just, you know, there's obviously, you know, I, I have, I have dual natures. Yeah. This Guy I was thinking of Jimbo Jones, Jimbo. Oh, I was thinking more like the other guy. I feel like all the skater girls look like Jimbo Jones and DOL Star Beam. It Was, it was, it's definitely big pants. But, you know, there was a tank. There was a tank going on. But the, but my whole point was, it's like, you know, again, it's like, I'm not trying to be like gross or weird, but it does put a pressure when there's a young lady watching you do a physical activity. So I was just like, you know, you your party. There's that part of you that's just kind of like, bro, I'm killing it. Dude, this Is sick. So much better than your boyfriend. Not a big deal. It's so much fucking, Oh, they were way better than me. But the, I like leaned forward real quick and just, I don't know what happened. I was going up a hill as I lean trying to show off my skateboard stopped.


You showed off for the, I like, like Slammed onto the concrete and I just be like, Yeah, dude. You're trying to show off for the gr the little kids. You're mad. They, they're in their twenties. Skate dusy. They're now they're in their twenties, bro. Hold on, I got a whiz. Can we take a timeout? Polls.


PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shout to win up to 1000 times your cash. Mm. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks. Dude, Shane's playoff time. It is playoff Time. It's now or never. It's now or Never. Don't miss out on the last few weeks of football action with PrizePicks the best place to win cash while watching the playoffs. Oh yeah. PrizePicks now offers MasterCard for quick and easy deposits into your account this sports season. Yes. Good news. Your friend MasterCard has joined the fucking game. Yeah. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50. What did bonus you say? I said sign up today and get $50 instantly when you went play $5. You don't even need to win. What the fuck? Yeah, dude, there's, when there, do you hear this? I'm just giving away money. $50. It's called a bonus dude. It's guaranteed. Get in there. Price Pick also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday, price pick discount. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Lamar Jackson will get more than 250 passing yards next week. Will Patrick Mahomes pass more than 1.5 tds cook up hot takes with your friends and win Yes. Real money this football? Yeah, I feel like he probably will. I think Mahomes, I like that. Definitely more than 1.5. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win a real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks. I mean, that's such a good fun thing. Most sick ass crew we have. Dude, download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your Game. Run your game right now.


Also, please come to Atlanta this weekend. I'll be at the Helium Comedy Club in supposedly what's Atlanta? But apparently I've learned it's 40 minutes outside of Atlanta. Oh Yeah. A little different there. But the, it's in the greater Atlanta area. I'll be there Thursday till Saturday. Please come. Thank You. I have San Antonio, Dallas, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Vancouver, Seattle. Minneapolis, Tampa, Jacksonville. Look, be on the lookout. Lemme see who's not selling tickets. What the heck's going on here? Whoa. 60 Birmingham, Alabama. I need you. I'll be in Birmingham, Alabama, April 26th Out there.


What, what else you got? Let me, you go ahead. Hey, Take a knee. Take a knee. Take a knee. Take a knee. Yeah, man. Take a Knee. Hey everybody. Hello. It's me Labert. January 16th. I'm gonna be a hilly filium helium Philly. Come to that. That'll be Sick. Hilly Filium. And January 19th, the Emmaus Theater. Please come there. Yeah. La Merly. That fun. Didn't even fledge. Didn't flin at all. Didn't even f walk straight into the I In St. Pete. In, in, in Las Vegas in February. Please come if you can. Thank You. You Can be in Las Vegas in February. The Wise, wise guys are you Doing in Las Vegas And Coastal creative in St.


Pete, Florida. That'll be fun. Get you down there there Valentine's weekend. Ooh, Nice. Please, For the love of God, come If you can bring Your sweetheart, Bring your sweetheart. Come watch me. All Right. Stand up. Goodbye. Thank You. Let's get back to that fun episode. Hey Sean. You know, you decide. Stop Rolling your eyes, dude. God, I'm just joshing you bud Hat. Motherfucking damn. I mean, it's been, it's been so wonderful to be back. It's Been nice, man. You see the fellows? Fuck man. It was, you know, look, it's a cold mean world out there, bro. It is. It's a cold mean world. But, but now they're back. Now the bros are back. Bros are back.


Dude. Morale is fucking soaring. Now's an all time high. It is soaring right now. Now you're back. Now you guys run the mothership. Now that I'm back, you guys get to walk around with your chest held a little higher. You go, Do You Know who my friend is? He does. Bud Light commercials Trio. You guys should start really throwing your weight around. You should, dude, Why not? Dude, you guys gotta Do battle with the kill Tony crew. No. Yeah, you guys, You have to. We can't, we can't do that. Dude. Why? You have to battle them. They, they think they own you guys. They think, They think, Yeah.


You guys should at least challenge one. Like a public beef would be nice. Yeah. Don't get me started. Dude. Don't do it. You'll do it. You're gonna, you're gonna do it without us even fucking asking. And I'm not defending you. I'm gonna side with the kill Tony to kill Tony. Crew of mutants versus guard dog Thick fender. You are gonna have to take on the mutants. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. I mean definitely 2025 is the year for major moves. So It's time for major Moves. You guys gotta crack a couple skulls. Sacrifice some people. You guys should, I don't mean like physically, I mean like Yeah, you guys should be at at least two beefs by the end of the year.


Beef public. I'm gonna need some beefs. Public Beefs beef or, or hear me out spazz on the mothership publicly. If you don't get enough spots. Yeah. Oh. Have you been publicly spazzing? No. You gotta spa. That's a strong move to be like, this club hates me. They're not fair. Fuck that. I have not publicly spazzed. I've independently, I've privately sp I've privately sp I've Privately spazzed a lot. I'm not getting enough stage time. Such a nice move. Like, yo, for real? I think they fucking hate me. I think they hate me. They hate me over there. You know what the beef, this is the beef. I'm gonna manifest it.


Hans Kim versus Nate Marshall. Ooh, I need that beef. That'd Be a good beef. That's A good beef. That's A great Beef. It's still, it's gonna be such an easy one to start. Just immediately have Nate be like, I'm not gonna be, he didn't say shit, but what if he did, but why? Yeah. It'd be fun to get in there. We gotta we gotta start. I, I'm gonna, you know, I'm just taking cues from Maga man. We gotta start infighting. It's Yeah, true. It's if you're not infighting, what are you doing? Yeah, we gotta pick some point and just start fighting over it. Dude. Dude, was that the thing that ran again? Hear? Yeah. It's your air bro. Your airs back on. No, There's a fucking creature that lives in my house that sprints across the roof. Dude. What?


It literally sounds like a man. It sounds like it's two feet. It's just like boom, boom, boom. And then it'll stay still for an hour and then it'll sprint Together. Raccoons, dude, when you get a raccoon on your roof, it it sounds like a grown person. It sounds like a Grown, it's either a raccoon or a possum. I've seen a couple possums around this way. Poss Be nice. I do like the possum. I've seen him crawl across the fence back there. That's very nice. R pr possum Dude. We had to tear up our little, we had a little Rex stack area that we like tore up and put stone down. And dude, I had to get like, there was possums living under there. Oh no. These Mexican dudes were like trying to catch 'em in the T-shirt. It was so fucking funny. They fearless dude. Yeah, it was poss It was a mother possum and a baby possum. Oh No. You had, you had them executed for your porch? Hell no. No, no, no.


They were, they were just, they were sent on an exodus because there was nowhere sent somewhere else to live. Yeah. But like we were, we were like, we ripped it up and it was like, All right, I know there's possums under here. Yeah. So like, be careful. So we didn't know there was a baby. So like the mom was just going nuts. We're like, dude, here's the road to freedom. Get outta here. And it Wouldn't leave. Yeah. They might have found their way to my roof. They might. Hopefully That was one of, there was a dead possum in the front yard when I What? First moved here. Yeah. And that's when I was like, that's why the house smells like shit. It was probably dead animal. Yeah. They're good for you though. They eat snakes. They eat bugs and possum. Hear it again or something. Oh, dead animal on the roof. No. Did they Move it? No, it not. It would what the smell? Yeah. No, it couldn't be a dead animal on the roof.


That smells bad for a year. Yeah. That's fair. That's Fair. Dude. Jackson. This is the fart castle dude. Jackson. God damn. Our neighbors put rat poison there. There's the possum that we had under our porch. Our neighbors can't stand it 'cause like, it just shits in it like chills in our yard and shits in their yard. Yeah. I've never even seen possum shit, but apparently it was just shitting in their yard. Big time. Shit. In their yard hung in our Yard. That's nice. That's really funny. So they laid out a ton of rat poison for it, trying to get it. I Who are these people? There's our neighbors. They're fuck dude. They don't all shit in their yard. And I was like, Hey man, your yard's your yard, but the A dog's gonna eat that immediately. Well, Funny you say that. Jackson. Of course. Jackson Gorged.


We didn't know it was out there. He's Gorging on rat poison. Jackson gorged on rat poison. Jesus Christ. And dude, he lives again. He ate, he wants to go quarter pound. No, he just wants to Grub. He does like to grow. He just wants to grub. He seemingly wants a way out. He just doesn't care dude. Like he, how's his Legs? How's his surgery? His legs good. It went well. Finally, the dude has stopped. He stopped limping, but then he just instantly gorged on rap. He ate a bunch of chicken bones from the dudes who were working on the porch sick. Just threw chicken bones everywhere. So he munched them was like shitting out bones and throwing up. And then like during that crisis went and just crushed a ton of rat poison. Little rat poison on top of the bones. It Was crazy. Brittany called me, I was like middle. I was like doing something.


She's like, Jackson ain't rat poison. I was like, Jesus fucking The Christ. Yeah. He is dead. You would imagine he'd die. I Looked it up because I was like, fuck. All right, let's see here. I looked it up. You have to eat. I think at least 5% of your body weight in rat poison would die. Okay. So Jackson, he only had, I was like, how much did he eat? He ate like one puck. Yeah. Started for the second and got pulled off. But he was throwing up like chicken bones and like lime green rat. It was, bro, it was troubled. It's Very funny. But he's good now. He's cool. He's like better than ever. I like Mike's working. I like, I'm, I'm always a fan to hear what he's up to. It's, it's never good. It's never good, bro. It's never good. He's gotten, he's had three chocolate breakouts, mushrooms once. Low dose. Yeah. Edible rat poison.


He's for real In psycho. Not dude. And he's Crazy. He's done it all. He has done it. Truly has done it all. But dude, he, he's good though now. He was throwing up for like, literally like a week or so and I, I just switched his food and everything. I, I gave him, I was giving him chicken and rice for like weeks. So now I give him like That's good. Yeah. Now I'm feeding him like he's Fucking eating better than I do. Dude, was he chicken and rice was fucking good. Good. Yeah, because that if you have a dog with diarrhea, the rice just like stops him up. 'cause he was shitting he shit like everywhere The one morning we woke up and there was just like puke puke shit's all in his bed. And his, and he like pointed his ass out of the cage and shot.


So We were like going around and do nothing sours away in the morning. Just like dog shitting. I mean, it'll get anybody really, It would fire me up a little. But yeah, it's, it's Rough man. And that's, that's when it's, that's your dog. Oh. Oh dude. Yeah. He couldn't be more mine during that time. Yeah. Granted it was both of our idea. But when he shits everybody's mind. But the dude, he, and actually to her credit, she handled the shit mornings really well. 'cause it was the most shit he'd ever done. And it, it was everywhere. It was so much, bro. It was so many spots. We like just set up our Christmas stuff. It was, it was whatever. But he, yeah, it was handled, it was handled pretty well. And then the, so like that happened, we're like cleaning up and my kids are watching me and they, they're like, what are you? And I'm explaining 'em what's going on.


The one night we went out to see Moana too and was me, Brittany, mine and Chloe. Chloe. I didn't know, you know, we're in the dark. So like, we have like all, everyone has all their stuff. She was hitting french fries off Brittany's plate hitting french fries off my plate. No, she was working both of us. We didn't know that she would hit both plates. So hard sheath. She ate so many french fries that, that morning I go in her room, she's just like, she's just crying like five in the morning. I'm like, what's up? She's like, I did a yucky thing. And I was like, whatcha talking about? She's like, like I did, like Jackson did on the carpet. And I was, she just threw up. She didn't Shit. Oh, I thought she stuck her ass up. Diarrhea. No, no. But she just threw up all over the floor and she does, if you leave her by herself, she'll start trying to wipe her own ass and she just smears it.


It's the fucking worst. We had to convince her. So we have to get, Brittany was like, 'cause I was like going in, I'm like, don't wipe yourself. And then she's like, I have a booboo on my vagina. And I was like, what? And she's like, Brittany's like I told her, she has a booby on her vagina so she won't try to wipe herself. Oh, nice. It's Probably not good for long term to be like, your vagina has a wound, Something's wrong with your vagina. Yeah. That would, that might affect long term. Yeah. Well I, I was, I've been telling, I'm, I'm like, but It might be even weirder if you're like, no honey, your vagina is great. True. I think you, you couldn't go wrong. Being like, it's great. Yeah. Women, women have a massive insecurity about like, what's up with it. Yeah. How is it?


Is it Good? Same. Yeah, true. Yeah. You know, I always try to tell my wife, I said, babe, you got nothing to worry about. Let me get in with that. Lemme go, lemme Think. Yeah, lemme come up. Lemme Gobble that fucking Trying to get in the end and snack a little. It's like, man, I've been sweating. I'm like, bro, Gimme the sweat bro. Let me eat it. All Right. All right. Sorry, sorry, sorry. But we're just talking about, you know, but yeah, that's, you know, so yeah, it's, it is one of those things where it's like, dude, when I, I drop her off to do like her, like her daycare. And it's like, we have to like give her pretzels in order for her to go in. Yeah. And I'm like, man, this has definitely set up some neural pathways that aren't great and be like, oh, you're feeling overwhelmed. Eat some pretzels.


You'll be fine. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just munch pretzels. But yeah, she's peace pump right now. She's on, she's like on this new thing where she's Ariel's mom from Little Mermaid. Yeah. That's very nice. She came up with it outta nowhere and yeah, she's been hitting me with that every Morning. Yeah. What'd she say? Weren't you just Yeah, dude, I fucking, what? Yeah, we, she woke me up yesterday fucking, well Maya woke me up at five in the morning, then Chloe it at six. I just never went back to sleep. Chloe woke up, has to pee, take her to the bathroom. She goes, oh, I don't have to pee. And I'm like, you motherfucker. And then I'm like, All right, come to bed with me. No talking, go to sleep. She's like, yeah, for sure. Lays down next to me, dude. You get like two seconds of silence and you're just like, you know, something's coming and outta nowhere. She's like, yeah, I'm Ariel's mom. And I'm like, dude, shut up and go to bed.


Stop. And then like, she'll just, and then like, you'll squash that and you'll feel just a hand just be like, whap right in your eye. He's like, in the dark. So I'm like, ow fuck. And she's like, oh. I'm like, dude, let's go downstairs. I'm done. We're not gonna try to fall asleep. It is, that has been like bugging me out lately with like, 'cause it really is people like, you know, having kids, like it's the best thing in the world. Yeah. And like it is, it's very, it's like uncomparable to anything else. But then you break down like what you're actually doing. It's like insane. It's like, dude, like literally like you, I've gotten shit on a couple times. Yeah. Pete on, I mean, dude, I had like peed on underwear. S like when Chloe pees in the toilet, she likes to like really see what she's doing, but then she'll arch her back. I see. So the pee shoots out.


I just Take a look at what was going on. I've done this to myself as an adult when you like poop and you pee through the toilet and so it hit the back of your pants. Done it. Yeah. She did it. We were out doing like, so something and she peed all over her fucking pants. Luckily it hit her just her underwear. So I was like, fuck. I didn't have a change of clothes. Yeah. So I just, just took her like pee underwear and just like put 'em in my pocket. Oh no. I forgot they were in there. So my whole point is, you're doing all this shit. I have like pee underwear in my pocket and I'm being shit on. And it, and it's like when you break it down by the task, by like task by task. You're like, how is this the best thing in the world? Yeah. And really it's just the power of love. It is the power of love. And my whole point is, if love is truly that powerful, what are we doing for our lives? Truly such a powerful force.


The best thing in the world is literally the most cile and disgusting task. And just zero free time makes you think, dude, it does. It truly makes you think. But it also having free time fucking rules. So Bad free time. I, yeah, It's crazy dude. Free time's pretty sick. Although too much free time. Don't realize how sick it is until it gets taken away from you. Too much free time though. Forever. I just had too much free time. True, true. Once we finished filming tires and then I was just in Westchester. Nothing to do. That is true. People don't understand that. Man. That sucks. That like, drives you crazy. The pinging silence of like hours upon hours of personal free time is kind of fucked up. An empty house. Silent and then like I, I'll just go across the street and walk along the creek.


That's joke. It was nice. That's Joe. But, But it, it was also dead silent out there. Yeah. You walk back in your house, it's a giant silent old fucking house from the 17 hundreds. I'm just standing in there like, fuck. I know. I Know. I gotta do standup. That gets so disorienting where You are like, what am I gonna do do The sun goes down at fucking 2:00 PM Yeah. I'm just standing there in the dark. The haunted house. The house makes noises. I'm scared now and it is dark for 10 straight hours. It was dark to I'm awake the whole time. It's dark. It's scary. I'm scared for hours. And it was remote too. It was very remote. Remote. I was very scared. And there's like an, I remember I was out there One night, it was so, and bro, I'd go outside. I'd pissed outside a lot.


It's awesome. It was very nice. The stars were out, was very nice. But there was always a fox screaming. Yeah. And then it would get closer and scream closer. You got fucking hurry. You pissed off. Run inside. 'cause I'm not sure it's a fox. We have a coyote. We have a coyote near us. You'll hear start yelping. You're like, and same thing. We're outside. I have my little makeshift fire pit in my, in the lot that pray to God they'd never built a house there. They're definitely going to though. But dude, I've taken it over. You took Over a lot and put a fire pit In. Yeah, I just put like, I had like stone leftover from when we did that little like patio area. So I just like set up. It's Built on. It's just a lot behind my house. And it's like, you're Squatting, you're Settling. Technically I could do an easement. Yeah. I could be like, Hey man, I look, I told, I was told Brittany I was gonna chain myself down to my fire pit when I, or I might go try to find old bones from a museum, steal them and bury, just bury, bury them in there and be like, you the fuck, you Can't touch this land.


We can't build anything on here. Yeah. But I've, I've been like, dude, I burnt my Christmas tree. Do You Know how flammable those things are? Yeah. But like, I'm sure, I guess that's common knowledge. They like burn houses down. Dude, I, you know, I was, you know, I had like my little wood, I had it going on. I'm like, lemme just throw like a branch and some needles. You would've thought I'd put gasoline on the fire. So then I like chopped it up into three parts. And then I'm putting branches, friends. Oh, is that, that's how you got rid of your Christmas tree. Yes. Burn it. It's pretty sick. It was so fucking sick, dude. I put one, like I say a third of a Christmas tree on a fire. It got, I'm not lying, maybe 12 feet up. The flame was 12. The flame was so bright that the street lights turned off. Jesus. The flame, like the photo sensors trip. Not they just like kicked on and it was like, oh, it's daytime.


You were going nuts, dude. Did I, did I show you the flame? No. Oh bro. The flame is so fucking nasty. Sorry. So I was doing crazy. I I had a couple fires. I had You had some fires going, Bro, I, I am telling you, I Spent most of my time standing outside looking for drones. That was a fun nighttime task. I would go, Ooh, there's no clouds tonight. I'm gonna go try to find drones. If you got a sighting. That'd been that. That'd be, I wish I, I saw several planes that I stood there for 10 minutes watching. Just Be like, that Could be, it doesn't seem to be, Could that possibly be UAP? God dammit. I've seen many fucking pictures. Here we go, dude. That's me dude. Maya takes fucking videos of me. That's me on the Peloton.


Dude. The, sorry, I gotta find these flames. I'm excuse my fucking No. Find the Flames, dude. The flames. You're gonna free, you're gonna get a little taken aback and go, dude, oh bro, that was the blaze. What are you doing? What are doing? That's a third of a Christmas tree. Next year I'm lighting the whole thing up. Is that, are your neighbors out or is this just you and your family? Just me and the family. Just me and the family. We had our friends over your family. Yeah, Dude, the neighbors must be like, what the fuck's This going on? So our neighbors aren't there a lot. They split time. Oh nice. Between like two different cities and they, they've gotten fire alerts. They have like a security camera. Oh no. That was like, is there a fire nearby? 'cause their phone got pinged. Like we detected fire in your area.


But then the house next to me, this boggles my mind. They bought the place and nobody's lived in there for a year. A year And some change. You Gotta build some stuff in there bro. You should just expand throughout your neighborhood. That's what I'm trying to say, dude. You started setting up chill spots. My thing is who bu who fucking buys a house and doesn't use it. Like, like there's no renters. Yeah. Then the one next to us, same thing, but they just started throwing Airbnb people in there and it's, which is kind of sick 'cause I get to like load. It's Probably the Chinese I, dude, I, I, yeah. It's like You are buying A blank. But I feel like I've met, I think it was a couple Indians actually. So I met the Indians who did it and I'm like, you know, I was kind of stoked. I've always, I've never had Indian neighbors, So I was like, fuck yeah. They left me high and dry bro.


My sister's running into a big problem with Indian neighbors. I went up, I was by there for Christmas, no lights. Oh no Christmas lights. Her whole neighborhood, her whole neighborhood's Indian people, Bro. Yeah. That would kind of chat my ass. It's like, bro, come on. It's a little rough. Toss Up, light up some fucking V dudes, Dude. Yeah. Nobody's cutting the grass. Yeah. It's just wild. Ah, that's not good. Everyone's holding hands, walking outside or They holding hands. Everyone's outside Or the boss. Indian dudes let their wi wives walk like five feet ahead of them. That's the move. Wheres An, An Indian Indian lady? And then the husband's five feet behind her hands behind his back. They Did get that right. That's nice. Going on a walk with your lady. Blows, stagger it, Try to hold hands or something. It's like I'm walking. Yeah. Hey, I'm walking here. What? It's Three-legged racing.


And Then you get like a narrow part of the path and you slow down to let her go first and then she slows instinctively stops. Yeah. And you go, no. Yeah man. This is a, this is a single file part of the path. It's dude, I, we have some nice like little walking areas and we've done, we like, we've done the walks and it's the only thing that could be nice if you do like a super long grueling walk. 'cause there's nothing better than being like, you tired. That is nice. That can be Nice. I, I hit, I hit you hit my lady with one of those recently. Come on. It's like, God damn, I've been sitting around. How the fuck am I the one that's not tired at all? I got crushed the other day. 'cause we both, when we, when I found out I was pre-diabetic on the blood test. Fucking bullshit dude. My A1C will be lower, but it'll be down.


I'm sure it is already. I it, if it's not, I'm gonna die. 'cause like I've literally cut out like 90% of carbohydrates. But there was a, there was, when we, like first had kids, we had two, when we first had two kids, we'd had this double stroller in Philly and we'd push it uphill and Brittany would get like real, like winded. Yeah, of course. And then she'd always be like, I gotta go to the doctor. There's something got going on. I'm like, yeah dude, you're fucking outta shape. And like she's still salty about that comment. But the, and then like she got some blood tests where like they really did reveal some sort of like, irregularity about like the, I don't know what it was, but she was just like, you fucking asshole. Like told you there was something and they were saying like the, the side effect could be like getting winded easily. And I was like, damn, that's my bad.


Instantly called out the, I'm like, you're faking it. You're just fucking Yeah, of course. Yeah. She cr she danced in the end zone on me on that. She's like, you're such a j Especially like, you don't realize how things sound until like she's telling other couples or People Yeah. What she said. You're Like, well well hold on, let's put the context in there. And this asshole just said, yeah, it's 'cause you're outta shape. And I was like, well I was concerned for you. I need, you know. Yeah. Nice. Yes sir. Re mothering dog. We'll Switch you over to the Patreon. Let's motherfucking go. We'll See you on the Patreon. Good friends.