
Wow. Wow, wow. Wes. Hey, we're fired up. What's up everybody? Welcome to the motherfucking, maybe the Patreon, maybe the regular. Who knows man? Who the fuck Knows? Who the fuck knows? Dude. Nate Lemairelee. Thank You guys. Thank You. Thank You. Guys are coming, man. Appreciate you guys. Yes, I'm excited. I mean, I woke up today and I was like, can I just bring, you know, can I just have a good time today? Can I leave myself alone and just have a good time? Matt, Thank You for bringing us to your good time forum. Thank You, bro. Appreciate that, man. The vibe's already incredible. The Vibes are pretty good. The vibes are good. That's the biggest thing. It's like every morning I wake up and I have to wrangle the vibe. It's So easy to wake. I've like been identifying my just default negative pattern every morning.


And it, I, I will admit that I love my wife to death, but she's at the, I like will place her at the center of a negative storm. It's so anything she Does, It's just me because I've addicted myself to nicotine now and I wake up so mad. It's a huge mistake To get addicted to nicotine. I don't know why I did this. You were lying. It's such an addictive substance. You're trying To prove a point. You've been trying to prove this point for so many years And you finally fallen victim. Yeah, But it doesn't like, yeah, the thing is, it gives you, like, the boost initially is sick and then that goes away. Then you're just grumpy. If you don't have it, You're like, I wish my wife would get outta bed a little faster. Motherfucker. What do I have to do ever?


Every morning I'm about to put their shoes on. All right, you put their fucking shoes on. And then I go, Matt, you're being a fucking bitch. Go get your nicotine tablet and relax. Sound Like you're being a woke ass dude. What's a woke ass Kanye Was, he hates the woke ass. Woke as, how am I woke ass? How am I woke? Whatcha talking about right now? Dude, how dare you Don't make, don't make me put my shit on right now, dude. I'm gonna put my leather fit on right now. I'll fucking fuck the vibe up, Billy. I'll put my leather fucking hat on right now. We, we were listening that, that No way here. It's so good. It's so funny when he, when he called, I forget the designer's name.


He is like, he's one of them. Virgil. Not Virgil, okay. It was somebody he's Beefing with the dead man. Yeah. He's, he's beefing with Virgil now. He's still beefing. Oh My god. Virgil Dead academics try to be like, you know, you shouldn't beef him trying to bring, like, when academics tries to like, bring the conversation to a, it's just, it's like, he's like, well, they say you shouldn't beef with the dead. It's like, dude, that's That's not what you're here for. That's a beast of this guy's mind. Yeah. That's Your issue right now. Him beefing with the dead, Virgil Academics was the worst part of that interview, I think. You think so? Yeah. I, I like the beginning where he was just like explaining everything and he was trying to, he was like, this is all chaos, but we're gonna figure it out. And then he gets there. But When he is sitting in his Room, just sitting there, well, he is just sitting there. It just was watching like him go through the whole thing.


Like just live recording Kanye. Just being like, All right, where you want me to stay? Like, That was, I did appreciate him capturing them. Kanye in a, you know, patented leather. What do you even call the outfit? It's not a clan outfit. It's like a Well, it is actually, it's definitely a clan outfit. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta, I Gotta make a correction. I think the black makes it D de los MUTOs. What is the day of the D? Yeah. No, it doesn't at all. It does, dude. I think it's still just a clad outfit. The D de los MUTOs costumes look exactly like that. So that's the thing. And so does, God. There's a co there's a country, like a Scandinavian country, believe it or not, that wheres Those? There's like a Swiss there, like before the KKK started, they, like, we were at a Swiss ghost.


I was at like a one when I was looking for schools. I was at one of the school interviews or like, you know, they, they sit you down, which the school's gotta figure this out. You like, when you go to visit schools, a lot of them put you into a, a like a auditorium or cafeteria and just hit you with a, the like, the most boring PowerPoint in the world. And the one school was like, we like, you know, we have people from all over the country or all over the world. And they showed this like Scandinavian country doing their thing. And one of the people were wearing like, for real, what looked like a plant? I gotta stop doing this. They had, They had that shit on. They were wearing it. That's a new symbol. Well, It's an ancient, Like, you know, he was a S like the, it's like the swastika, like, it, it that like crazy hat existed way before the K, KK.


It's like a, I Dunno, he called on nose powers too. What? The flooded out Swasti. He called on nose powers. Oh Yeah. Yeah. He had those little, I forgot it was a swastika. And I did in the interview, I was like, damn, that chant. And I was like, Forgot On both sides. Matt. I know he's, he's been complicating things. I Call somebody an agreeable Kamala nigga. Didn't he? He just, he devastating. Devastating. Is that what you were talking about? Yeah. I can't remember the guy. He was like JC John Legend. John Legend in his hot sweaters. He said he wears a sweater in August. I mean, why don't we just give him a Netflix special? Let him rip. Let him rip. I I could watch him. Dude, you Give Kanye us a hundred million dollars in 30 minutes.


He's cooking everybody. Yeah, But you gotta keep, you gotta keep that on track that goes off. He, he goes off the rails and you're kind of like, wait, what, what are you talking about? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There was moments where I was just like, damn, he'll bring it back. He's not doing a bit. I was really hoping he was doing a bit, I think the last one talk about, I was like, he's doing a bit. Listen to that. I, I, again, I, I can't predict what I can't like, you know, I can only guess what's going on in another person's mind, but I do, you know, and I don't know. It's one of those things where it's like, if you think about it in 150 years from now, people might be like, damn, that was like, kind of in some weird way, genius to transcend all of the symbols of like, hate and embody them and twist them in a weird way.


But for now, I don't know. You gotta be into that like a hundred year genius stuff. 'cause there's people who do stuff that a hundred years from now we're, we'll be in a totally different context. Like, damn, he was like, everyone might be dressed like that. That might be the future Clothes. He's gonna get castrated. Like Play-Doh isn't, he didn't, didn't, so poisons are Play-Doh got get castrated. No, Socrates got poisoned. He needs cache. Yeah. He's gonna get poisoned. Like, so Socrates, Socrates had a huge dick. Yeah. They weren't getting rid of that. So I hear for about Kanye too. You heard about, he's got a huge, did an interview with Kanye and Kanye went over Tiggy who was like, is your boyfriend fucking other people? And she's like, what? And he was like, does he got a big dick? Yeah. And she was like, what? He was like, if your boyfriend got a big dick, you gotta let him fuck other people.


And he started laughing at her. That was recent. Yeah. Well, Iggy and Zalia said that recently. Oh Yeah. Well no, he, he, the, the thing was he was telling her, and apparently it's not even allegedly 'cause he apparently admitted to this. He was saying, I masturbate to your photographs every day. And then she, she tried to like blast them and he just retweet. It went true Beast. I mean the Polls are flipping. And then you have a, I was thinking about this recently. Do you guys know one 900 Rug Ratt? No. He goes Cracker. He's a white rapper, but he's, they're like, he's taking back the word and it's like, dude, he, he his raps. So you have Gin Lee who is going full board. He, he helps himself, Helps himself. He's a white rapper who utilizes N word and Yeah, He's still picking, yeah, He's picking out.


But you know, whatever people, some people like him. He his Own business though. He was throwing hands down here north, south by, He's been fighting all the teenager. He's, he's a menace to black teenagers. It's like, I always see the clips. Like he knocked Jim Lee's knocked a guy out in the mall. It's just him fighting 14-year-old black teenagers. Dude, the thing about Which, hey man, look, The thing about 14-year-old black teenagers is they always get their revenge and then they go to jail and come back as old men. True. That's a fair point. I mean, here's the thing, I mean, you can feel however you feel about, and, and again look it up if you don't know who we're talking about. Gin Lee, he's a Dallas rapper. He is a big guy. Yeah. Yeah. You feel, how you feel about him rapping and as a white guy and using the N word. However, I feel like, you know, if you zoom out, he could be like, we could turn all the mall security if he could train mall security Just to beat up kid if Mall security, then like, it was became just like big white guys that like, you know, cool.


Like in a, you know, kind of, I, I guess a semi respectful way. Utilize the N word. Just like We could get The all under. I love that. In a semi respectful way. Well like, you know, he's not like using it hatefully, He's just No, he's, he's, he's usually like, he grew a black, you Know, niggas get outta here Or be like, cool on right now People, I'm sorry, teach you. 2% of people I think have any idea what we're talking about. You gotta wait for like, for like when they're real bad. What do you mean? Like security? Like you gotta watch 'em running away with stuff. You are like, you ain't nothing but some, you know, I don't know. Maybe not, but Now I think about This. Maybe not. That's like bad idea.


But yeah, the, I I have been f I've been following a lot of the, I I still have ever since I fell into like the Adam 22. No jumper hole. Now I just know too, apparently he's, He's a Fed dude. He get arrested. What Happened? He got arrested by the FBI. So how's he a fed if he got arrested? Unless it's super deep undercover work. But they got Him like recently. Yeah, maybe like last week. Yeah, Apparently they all, but it could just be, I don't know. Like you think it's like he, he could be easily subpoenaed in some other weird Rico case. Yeah. He's involved in like all the weird raping. He knows everybody. Yeah, I did. Well why would he be a fed if he got arrested? That's my only, It could be a front, Could be a like a fake arrest. You haven't Reported in a while when they do a controlled by and you're like the guy and they arrest you too. Just as a thing. Yeah. This doesn't help.


This doesn't help. Billy's Shang. CIA theory. Yeah, true. Yeah. Actually, dude, keep that on the wraps. I've been compromised as well. CIA's finally looked at my web history and compromised.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does fine jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion. Everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship and responsible sourcing in mind. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look. Shop online@missouri.com or in store today.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment. Sitting in crowded waiting rooms. Standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


Every Time I get bored I'm like, it's coming. One day they're gonna be like, Hey buddy. I'm like, yep, yep. I've been waiting for you guys. That's been My theory my whole life, not my whole life, been in the last like 10 years is they will know all your porn history. That's why I just started talking about all the Porn. Your descendants. I, I swear to god ancestry.com I was just talking about this. ancestry.com, that's gonna be a feature. It'll be genetic test. Who are your relatives? Also Porn history. Here's All what your grandfather was into. 'cause that could be like a crazy, like, I don't know, maybe they could be like, based on your family history, this porn might be appealing to you. That'll Change super algorithm. Like a deep Genetic algorithm. Like you, there's like 300 years of data to suggest you might be into step play or you know, That'll change.


That would change family dynamics all over the country. What do you mean? How so? Like Can you imagine just finding out your grandpa, like gay porn? Then your dad would be pissed and then you'd be pissed. But you Dad's pissed. Pissed because you, your shit's all out there. Yeah. So it's like, yeah, you could try. But the thing they could be like, yeah, you're looking at that gay shit Grandpa, he could be like, pull your shit up and be like, Bro, whoa, What's up with this sister stuff Brother Miguel chill fucking, Hey grandpa, chill. She's in the room. Adam 22 got arrested for Big U Henley's Rico case and Nipsey Huss. Tragic passing. That's What I heard. And if, I mean, it kind of makes sense because apparently they say that, and this was a, I forget who said this, maybe Charleston White, but they, they say that it was actually like the rolling or like the Crips that shot that, that's what Charleston White was saying.


The shot nips. Yeah. It wasn't, it was like his own, like his own gang got jealous of him. That that's what he said. Again, You're saying it's not the guy for like the original story because he wasn't the original story that he was beefing with. I think he, like, the story I heard when it happened was there was like a guy they were all cool with who got caught snitching or something. They were like, you can't hang with us no more. You, you had done. And then he came back salty like, and they saw him walking up and they were like, here he comes again with this shit and shot him. 'cause but they were thinking like, you know, maybe like if one of us just came up to you after we were beefing and just were like, I'm spazzing now. You're not gonna think at all that we're about to actually do something that crazy to you. Maybe. I don't know. That was the OG story. It was like a friend that wasn't a friend no more. A friend of me. Yeah, a friend of me was able to get too close.


'cause they still had friend like energy. Dang. Yeah. I don't know man. They did a cool handshake and he was like, haha. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know man. The internet is, It was video of it when it happened. Yeah, I thought so. There was, Yeah. I mean it's, it was only a matter of time before he got like some sort of law enforcement cracked down on that show. Who? On nips? No, on, on no jumper. Oh yeah. It's just guys on there being like, yo, I can't really talk about it. But we definitely did something really fucked up to that guy. But I don't wanna really talk about it. It's like, okay, you're fucking, they have you on camera near a murder scene And you are like, yo, I can't really Say what we did, but yeah, we definitely handled business. So you're gonna get arrested, dude.


Dude, I saw a meme that said every rapper from the 2010s is dead now. Like all the like drill rappers, they're pretty much dead. Yeah. Yeah. Dolph King V It's a bad business model, man. It's a bad, yeah, it's a bad thing to be like, I mean, if you really, if you really boil down the business model, it's like, if it turns out you're not an actual murderer, it's, people are like, Come on dude. Yeah, I, I remember being a kid and finding out like certain rappers wasn't for real. And it was just like, it made me so sad. It made Me think about it. And it's like, why? Because they didn't murder like a fucking Teenager. Yeah, yeah. Like as an adult you're like, that was dumb. But it used to bum me out. Yeah. I was the same way. I was like, dude, if you guys didn't fucking sell cracking murder people, I don't want to hear about any.


Yeah, yeah. This is all bullshit, you know, talking real bird. It's True. But yeah, right now I'm on, I'm on, I'm on one 900 Rugrat. He's been saying cracker popping pill is cracker. Bringing it back Crack just sick that I'm literally, It just started bothering y'all, I think. Right? Nobody's Ever cared. That's what I thought. Nobody's ever cared. That's what I'm so like the taking it back is like, I, I thought that was like, it used to make me jealous how much y'all could just not feel that. Like that's kind of our whole, been our whole thing through the arc of history. We just kind of ignore horrible things and we're like, ba yeah, yeah, just get to work. It's kind of, that's why people superpower be like, I don't feel anything about this.


Yeah. Yeah. My family's okay. But no, I don't think anyone's ever really gotten mad. I feel like, here's the thing. I feel like if I don't, this is a, I I, I don't know, I'm gonna, I'm just throwing this theory out there, but I feel like if you, the angrier you get about being called kre, it might could be a litmus test for like how much you personally use the N word. Mm. Because if you're enjoying that, I, I, I could be wrong, but if, I mean, if you were like, you know, if you were helping yourself and then someone flip the table on, you'd be like, Hey, Yeah, I don't like this. But if you're, I know I could be wrong. That actually that doesn't make sense. 'cause I, you know, because You kind of privately, I feel like if you've been, if you've been throwing it out there, you're like, well, where are even now? Yeah, I got a couple. Yeah. I'm trying to, I actually discredit myself. 'cause I'm, I'm thinking like in my own personal life.


Yeah. Nevermind. It's funny, man. Yeah. People, I had someone trying to explain to my, my cousin was actually doing a podcast for a while with like, it was my cousin's a white dude and he was doing a podcast with like an older black dude. And they, they would just like, the whole thing was supposedly like we're from different races and we're kind of, you know, like we're, we're seeing eye to eye on things or whatever, sharing our experiences. And he was like telling my cousin was telling the black guy, he was like, yeah, well, he's like, I think it's getting better racially. He is like, you know, like people don't really use the n word. Like a lot of white people don't really use the N word like that anymore. And he was like, who the fuck was doing the, he's like, people just say it all the time. The guy was like, what? And he was like, well, I mean, not like that, but like He's not cousin isn't on the internet.


Dude. White guys are lightning it fly Online. I know it's come back. It has come back strong. Which again, again, it's like, you know, if you zoom out time-wise, it's like, it could be and, and it's uncomfortable. But it could be the thing that somehow in some weird way, like the charges, you know. 'cause if you're, if you're swimming, if you're in a swarm of just online n-word, eventually it is going to dull its effect. You can't afford that. I would love to What point do you let go of, if you opened up X and it was just every line. Yeah. Eventually you go All right in there. I'm done. The problem with the n word. If I can come, if I, if I can add some intelligence to this forum.


I don't think the problem is that white people are saying it. It's, the problem is that people expect black people to act on people. That's What I'm saying. Yeah. That's what sucks. That's the Problem part. That sucks. That's what I'm saying. You have to Yeah. Yeah. You Have. And if you don't, people will be like, what are you a bitch? Yeah. S like, no, I just had shit to do later on that day. Get all worked up. I get it. It is, it is quite the conundrum, man. 'cause you can't, yeah. If you don't do anything, then it's like, damn, this guy's a fucking bitch. Yeah. And Then you, I'm not gonna lie, you will feel like one later, like I would go home and be like, ah. And it is, it kind of is a, it is a pass to like, you can sock somebody in the face and the internet will be like, sweet. The internet might be like sweet. But if it gets like further and it's like, oh, now I got a assault charge.


Yeah. Now I gotta, because it's still not legally like you can't, like on paper, you can't just be sock somebody and then go about your day. If they go, unless I got your license plate or whatever. Unless You sock say it and then sock them. That's a hate crime. Like, what do you mean? If they say it and sock me. Yeah. Yeah. But what if they just say it? I mean, and then I sock like Cracker and then that's a hate crime. Crack it at level up my own crime. Yeah. Serious. I don't Know. I don't, yeah, I don't know. I don't know the, I don't know what would happen. I guess you probably would get arrested. Yeah. If like a, if a guy, I don't know if a guy screams it at you. I think now you can be like, I was defending myself. I felt unsafe. What if he whispers it though? Just like, not, not, he's not being actually threatened. He just hits you with a, a whisper Is action.


A whisper? You gotta take action. A wi Well, he is gotta be close, I guess. Yeah. What if he just mouths it from across the street? That's tough. That's, you can't do anything so you can't prove It. That's a sniper Dude. I had a guy that's a sniper. I had a homeless guy try to, when I was in Philly a long, long time ago, it was part of his whole thing where he would like come up to you on South Street and be like, Hey, can I get some money? And I was like, no. And he, he literally waited till other black people were coming. He goes, this guy just called me the fuck, I can't believe you called me the N word. And I was like, bro, nice try. Nice Try. But it was also, I was like a sick move. But yeah. Did anybody seem to, did they buy it? No, they were walking because also I was just like, bro, whatever man. I was like, get outta here. And they just like kind of laughed and walked by. I was like, that was kind of a nice move. Amray Negro, he just Chilled. We were outside of the Haagen-Dazs store.


I was like getting Haagen-Dazs too. And I'm like, bro, you kind of got me dead. It was just the headquarters. God damn dude. How long, how long was he standing by you before black people showed up? That he could hit the, It was like, they were like at the very end or like a block and a half away. So he kind of was like, come on man, come on man. I'm like, dude, for real. I was just trying to enjoy some ice cream before I went to the laugh house. He's applied for, you're about to go to the blackest place. I know Who the fuck he was one of like, he was like one of the turtle skeletons outside of Ba Bowser's Palace, The Ned Coopers. But yeah, man, I was actually, I was, I was in a minority position recently.


I I recently, last weekend I had to go to a western theme. But did I tell you I was gonna a western theme party? Oh. Oh. So my wife has somehow fallen in with, I didn't even know this term before the, you know what wags are? Wives and girlfriends of athletes. Okay. No. So she was, she kept saying like, wags, I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about, but it was, they were just like a bunch of athletes and they're having like a western themed party. So I've never got to dress like a cowboy before. And I was so exci, I was like, dude, I've always wanted to just like see what happened. Which, you know, again, like speaking of outfits and them like, you know, feeling the power of them. I dressed like a cowboy and it it like I understand like the whole Garth Brooks alter persona thing now. Yeah. Like, I dressed like a cow first of all.


Wildly. I took it way too far in terms of dressing like a cowboy. I thought everyone compared to Everyone. Yeah, pretty much. I I was way, I had turquoise cowboy boots tucked in just spurs. Turquoise band. No spurs. I wish. But I was cowboyed like insanely Turo bolo. Yeah. Oh yeah. Of course. Turquoise bolo pendant turquoise. I was, it was sick as hell. And I felt good. But then I showed up at the party and it's like, I was, and, and I was definitely one of the only, one of the only at first, but then became, there was like another, there's like maybe one or two other white guys. But you're, when you're like the only white guy or when you're in a white guy minority position, you, you ne I never, my policy is you can't talk to the other white guys. It's the opposite. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Black people see each other like, what's up?


Yeah. You can't even be seen to be like supper. I just say I ignore them. I'm like, dude, no. And you definitely can't, don't wanna be talking to other white guys in cowboy costumes. And I was, I was fully decked out, but I, I was just like, I just felt weird 'cause I was fully dressed up. I'm not a, you know, I'm not a social all star anyway. And I ended up getting like, pretty drunk. I just started crushing. Yeah. Ranch waters. And then I was ready to socialize and it's like, man, I'm still working on it. I would go up to like, groups of like, younger dudes and be like, first of all, I was, I didn't realize how many drinks I had. So I go to talk and I'd be like, Completely Fucked my force four words up. I don't re I don't remember what I was saying, but like, I just remember very quickly people being like, oh shit man. All right.


Like, just being like, oh, All right. Damn it dude. I blew It. But dude, I felt good getting drunk in a cowboy costume. Is I, I just, I had no idea that I liked that. What Sports teams? Huh? What's sports teams? What do you mean? There's only one sports team out Here? No, they're just like, you know, traveling athletes. Yeah. So it was like they were from different sports teams and blah Blah. Yeah. What was the, what was the food like? That seems like you doing cowboy. You got barbecue. Yeah. It had to be top show barbecue beating Beans brother. What the, what? How would I, like what was the level if you were at like a, you say a 10 for your dress, I would say yeah. What was everybody else at number Wise? Four. Four. Just like a Hat. Couple fives and sixes, thank God. But yeah, it was, oh, I had the also, yeah, I had a turquoise straw cap Was straw Cap?


No, it was a straw cap with like a little thing in the middle. It was, it was so fucking sick. But yeah, that was a, that was a weird experience, man. 'cause I'm, I'm not the best socially. Yeah. And you tossed me in an outfit where I'm standing out and it's like, I really had to fight through that. And I did like a coward with alcohol. But Did you hit, were you in character the whole time? Like, I couldn't help it dude, I, I literally couldn't help. Just being like sitting there and being like, yeah, You guys have to have to go really bad. You get the shit. Yeah. Damn. I got, it's Nate's coffee. You got shit? Yeah. Go on bro. I'm going. I dunno if I should go here. It's espresso. Do you usually fuck with espresso? No. Oh man, We get some audio from the bathroom.


Is this one over here? Where you Going? Where you going? Lemairelee across The Street. No, man. Get the fuck over there. Music loud. Cross you're tongue and taking it across the street. Dump. Yeah. That's the bathroom's not that close. He, he's not like to have to run. This is going to be nuts. I know. He's got some crazy brewing there, dude. The fact that he needed to Like, leave the building. Don't take a shit, man. It's gonna echo. Yeah. I want to hear it. Lemairelee. Lemairelee. Just let it go man. Don't be Scared. I, I feel bad now. I mean, I, I was, I was all hype. I got a, an espresso machine, So I just have like the pods I made. I made some espressos. I was like, get us woken up, dude.


That, that little Nespresso pod is a, it's, you know, straw on the camel's back in terms of La Me's digestive upset him. True. Like, you, like I know. I don't think this is the worst thing he Did. That's not Yeah, he Just didn't get his more than crap out. That's what he blamed it on my coffee. But he just didn't get his more than crap out. No. That, that is gotta be like, you know when you watch Peaky Blinders And you see like the industrial goings on in the town, that's, that's LA's not Smoke. Blue collar gu smoke. Smoke and car Just covered in soot. Let's take a break away for Laer to come back. Guys. VERDANSK IS BACK in Call of Duty war zone right now. It has an iconic map with popular POIs and we, we love POIs.


We have popular POIs like Superstore Hospital. Oh and the prison. I love the prison. Perfect for both OG and new players. Experience intense battles, iconic landmarks and thrilling moments. And it also has gameplay updates and Verdan era weaponry. Dude, I remember the old weapons in Verdan. Holy sh dude, get your squad together and drop in for the epic action Call of Duty war zone. It's free to download And you can drop into the action today it's rated M for mature. But guys, I mean we are gonna drop in to the Verdan map.


It's so iconic and legendary and again, it's perfect for OGs like myself or new players like you guys. And we're gonna have some intense battles. You guys. I can't wait to see you out there in the Verdan map. So get on out there. Fra mature back to the show. We lost lame. We lost him. Dude. Lost him to the bowl. I hope he is. I'll wait. All right. Fired back up. We're we're live again. Yeah, we, we try to wait for lame to take a dump, but it's, it's been at least, what would you say? 15, 10 minutes? It's, it's gotta be 15 now. I'm worried about him. I'm worried he died an Elvis' death in there. Oh, that's a, that's that's not A stay tuned to find out if Lemairelee is dead on the toilet.


Yeah, That'd be kind. I mean I, yeah, I'd be sad if he died on the toilet, but imagine That's a hundred percent Imagine feel at the end if we're like, oh, he open it up, he's just, Oh shit. Fully Dead over the toilet. Who's gonna wipe his ass? I'm gonna be upset. He blamed it on my coffee. City city will blame City c at CSI or whatever will come in and find a tin espresso pod and be like, holy Shit. He had it. Dude, I did a, I did a podcast with Duncan Tressell recently and we, I'm still fucked up about this. We're looking up, you know, it was an age old question of like how much cum is actually produced every day. Yeah. Like, like a amongst humanity. Yeah. And It's, it's ridiculous. It's staggering.


But the, we came across this statistic that it was about like, you know, porn usage. We're trying to figure out how many people are looking at porn, blah, blah blah. And then just part of that was a stat where they were like, what percentage of people think child pornography should be illegal? Yeah. Should be illegal. Yes. Or should be legal. Well, I guess either was way was same. Yeah, pretty much. They, they framed it as illegal. 'cause I think that'd been kind of a crazy question. Like, yo, you Yeah, yeah, yeah. So dude, what percentage of people do you think in America on this, on this, you know, this one study claim that it should be illegal. I'm gonna say 95. It was like 84 dude. Really? Yes. It was like 15, 16% of people were like, it shouldn't be that bad.


Yeah, dude. There was a 14% people who answered. And that's just the people who are answering. Honestly, I, I wish he was here to defend this. You you, he has some stances on this that he dies on. That's insane, by The way. Yeah. If he's one of the 14%, I'm gonna flip his podium. We, we had a whole conversation before about the people who beat him up. Like who just beat those guys up. I think it's great. He, I I mean he he makes a good point. You can't just be beating people up for crimes they didn't do yet. It is like the point. But it's like, that's, that's the world. I I would argue that, I mean, again, it's like, I would argue that texting a 14-year-old sexually is a crime. Yeah. And if you can't, you know, say they're not gonna go to jail, you should at least be able to punch them in the stomach as hard as possible.


Just one Gut shot at, at At least Make him crap out. He's coming back. Here we go. Yeah. I, I'd actually, He's gonna have no energy left. That, that one took out All. He might be light. He might be light on his feet. I I, yeah. I would argue it is, the problem is, is when you get guys who like, or like have down syndrome and shit. Yeah. Yeah. Like that's, and then in that case you shouldn't punch 'em in the stomach, But you, they might need a little fucking, They gotta learn somehow. Exactly. Though. They still gotta, you still, it's like you teach 'em everything. Teach 'em how to dress. You teach 'em how to like all the other shit. Like, they also gotta know not the DM kids. Like Exactly. Lemairelee, we, we heard you have a, So I'm gonna, I'm gonna hit you the stat. I don't know if you heard it, but they were, we looked online and apparently they did a study or like a survey of people and like, should child pornography be illegal?


And 14% of the people said no should not be illegal. Whoa. Yes. Isn't that fucking nuts? And Nate really just said that you'd be fine with that. Whoa. Honestly, I thought you The record. I thought you would be I thought you would be part of the 14. No, That's way too High. That's way too high. Yeah. Okay. I apologize Nate. Absolutely. Like I threw you under the bus. I Mean under the bus way under the bus You throw me. 'cause I don't think pedophiles should be beat up after this. Yeah. That, that was The exact point. I mean, so, okay. Just to clarify. Yeah. Nate absolutely assassinated Lamar, he Poison me and then he tried to assassinate my character. I didn't poison you. I did a man, I did a nice thing. We were almost late. I be a ex.


I cause you, I Thank You guys Yeah. For getting up earlier. I said that we had the doctor show. That show was awesome, man. Thank You. Thank You. Was coming that one man. I was doing battle at the mothership, dude. Yeah, yeah. Well, we'll get don't worry, we'll get back to child pornography. I was doing battle at the mo. I've even had a, I just had a bunch of women kind of like drunkenly uniting. Not like that Dramatically. Yeah. But I had a couple of naysayers Yeah. In the front. And it was like, I hadn't done battle like that in for a while. 'cause usually, you know, you do, you do, you know, material for like, fans of the podcast who actually like, know where I'm coming from. But I, I'll hit every now and again. I'll catch just like a regular person. Yeah. And hit 'em with, you know, some of my thoughts and like, I was watching them be like, oh my God. Like how I started questioning, I'm like, is this this way too much?


But No, I You got hit with one of those too, I think. Oh yeah. Got hit with one of the ladies went, Ew. Which one? Right Up to the front. Yeah. Motherfucker. Oh, the lady with the glasses. That lady, I forget. It was like, like the lady, the very front To like the right little Dude. Then there was a lady back where, which like, I've encountered this energy before. So there's a lady in the front. She was just like a, you know, young married lady just being a fucking bitch, which is whatever. And then you had the lady, this is I and I, I don't, you know, this is, this is uncomfortable. I kinda shared this with the crowd. My theory on this. And I don't think anybody really liked it. But like, whenever there's like a mom and a dad and like a 20 ish, 22, 20 1-year-old son.


The moms act out in a way. Yeah. That tells me they're really like confusingly horny. That's like They're trying to impress your son. I don't know. Like, yeah. I don't know what it is, but like, I've encountered the moms of like young twenties. Yeah. And they're always like, diabolically, they strike me as DI don't know if I'm putting my shit on their situation. No, I, they Strike me as like next level horny I Was in, I and I, I feel bad 'cause I feel like the barrel was going to hear this, but I was in Cleveland with Guardini and afterwards we were hanging out with some people and like his mom was there. Guardini's? No, no, not Guardini's. Mom was beinga. Lock that up to the day I die. I just wanted to clarify. She already threw it to The bus.


But The lady was being horny. She was being horny but not like to us. She was being horny. 'cause we knew y'all and, and just saying some outlandish things about what she would do. But he's like, as close as we are while she's saying like, who she would do what to what. And it was like, it was kind of graphic. It was like, take a picture and tell him I'll do this. And it was like, like just wanted like a selfie with us. And then it also was like, send it to him and Say what Didd she say, Yeah, I, I'd like to Know. She was like, I'll I'll suck. I'll suck him off. Whoa, whoa. While he's like, Can you, can you say who, Who? She would suck. Yeah. It was just, it was shame suck. Shame. She would suck.


She was uc. And Would she let me watch? I probably suck. Not Get any sexual Neighbor. She probably suck you too. But she was, she was very specific about sending this to him. Tell him about Suckle. Yeah. We got a, one time we got a, I forget Brittany was doing, she does a lot of just like organizes all of my stuff online. And she, one time for some reason had to go into the podcast email to find something someone sent us. And she came across a picture of a lady's butthole to Shang. Nice. She was like, some lady just sent a picture of her butt hole. And it was pretty funny actually. You Have to get more of that stuff. You Have to be so confident. Asshole to go butt hole. Holy Pick.


Yeah. That's pretty insane actually. Was it clean? I didn't see it. Oh, okay. I didn't see the picture of the butt hole. I'm pretty sure. Sure. It Got white filtered, Safe. Search was on for sure. It was promptly deleted. Man, I wonder if it was like up close like just asshole if it was like cheek in. It has to be, unless she set up like a timed photo and the guy in front was just like, Pulled the Jim Carrey out, started doing a talking. But, But yeah, the dude, the, the, that we, I was doing battle and it was kind of fun, honestly. It was fun and it, it was like, it, it was 'cause the lady was trying to like hit me on like we, you know, we were talking about homelessness and she was trying to flex being like, I actually have a friend who's like, I know his name.


And it was like, okay. Like y that's such a weird flex. Like I'm actually on a first name basis. It's like, bro, invite him in your house then. Yeah. He has you being Like, good morning, Mr. Blah, blah, Blah. I don't Know. He wants a fucking house. He doesn't want any fucking Yeah. You know, I don't know if They wants this to be out there, but he had a harrowing scene. One of his childhood best friends were like homeless in Austin. And he hadn't seen him in like, what, like 15 Years? Yeah. I never told you that. No. Yeah. I ain't going, I ain't going to obviously say no names or nothing. But yeah, I was walking down the street. This was months ago now, like last August. And somebody like a, like a guy just starts yelling my name and I, I got, I just feeling myself for a second. I was like, we up. And then I was Homies are homeless friends.


Yeah. I mean, Technically you're up though. Your boy's homeless. You are way up, Up. We up. And, and Well then I turned, I like recognized his face, like, oh shit. And then, you know, we shook hands and like, then I was bummed about that right afterwards. Like, 'cause it's like I, no Pun intended. Yeah. I didn't even think about it. You technically got bummed. Damn. So what, what was he? I, I don't, I asked like what happened. He just was like, It's a good question. Homeless guy. What happened? Yeah. Yeah. Because I mean, when I, You guys were like boys. Yeah. Yeah. Like we were like, I've been to, I've been to his house. He's been to my crib when we were kids and shit like that. What? Like that level, like, you know, I was in MySpace days, he was on my top eight.


Like that shit. Did You tell him, that's pretty sick. Did you tell him That? Still in your top eight? Huh? He's probably still in your top eight. If, if I could ever find, he's probably still up there now. When you guys talked, what, first of all, what happened? Did he tell you? Was you like, no, I'm just, you know, I'm just chilling. No, He was, he was cool. The first time we saw him, he was just kind of sitting there. He just kind of was like, he did say to me like a couple times, like, I just want somewhere to s like I just need somewhere to stay. You tell him where you, like I live right in the neighborhood. I wasn't even Close to saying nothing like that. I just was in My head like, yeah. Damn. You Should have been like, you should have been like, yeah. I, I'm actually homeless too. It's crazy. I'm homeless. Well, I, yeah, I don't live over there. Yeah. I live in an encampment down south.


That sucks. You might have heard of it. That sucks. Dude. Kidding. I mean, I can only imagine like, 'cause it's not that crazy to like, you know, if you're out on your own and like, you can't, you're like, you can't afford your apartment like you're homeless. Like, that's it. If you don't have anyone else, like you're fucking homeless. Yeah. What what Threw me off was him being here from all the way from pa they like, I mean, I feel like I have a, like I have a reason to be down here. Yeah. It was like to just get from right outside Philly all the way to Austin to be homeless by foot. Probably weather. He did it by Foot. Yeah. But it's so fuck. True. Yeah. S a bus op for sure. That's a bus off. He had a larger plan. I don't think he, do you think, did he plan on getting here or he just got like stuck here? I don't, I I think, I think it was a stuck here thing.


Yeah. But I mean like, but when I, the thing that was weird about it too, This guys kind of fly by the seat of their pants a lot of the times. Yeah. He was cool growing up though. Like, he had a good upbringing. He wasn't like in those shit. I don't wanna, if I was about to start getting extra specific Then Yeah, no, I know what you mean. I, dude, I knew a guy who in Philly I saw him at, I was at a train station. Yeah. And I saw the dude, I'm like, holy fuck, I haven't seen you forever. And like it dawned on like, oh, he's begging for change. And I was like, dang. Yeah. Sucks. He, he tried to hit me with the gimme money the second time I saw him, which did bother me. 'cause he didn't say hi normally. He just was like, Nate, gimme some money. And I was like, All right. Like chill. Yeah. And then I, but I, I didn't know no one has cash. And then I was like, I, I was like, I got you next time I see you or whatever.


And he was like, man, I know you got a credit card. Go down the let's gimme a Four Loco. And I don't know why, but asking for a Four Loco specifically, he was like, no. Yeah. If you asked for any other kind of drink, I might have done it, but It'd be in a four lo call. I was like, bro, you're not even trying to get on the streets. You not even being healthy, dude. It's like, drink something else. Yeah. A vodka soda or something. Yeah. Like, you're not even doing keto dude. Like, Going Straight, Dude. Not doing keto on purpose. I gotta say that. Four Locos gotta taste so good, dude. When you are homeless And you get an ice cold loco And you, now you're making me feel bad. I ain't get it. Four. No, you did the right thing. The Four Loco wouldn't have help. The situation.


But I mean, imagine it's Austin, it's summertime's hot. It's 1 0 6. Yeah. You're just, every life decision you've ever made, you're like, what the fuck? And then you just fuck Ice Cold Loco and you're like, yo, I get, I'm giving myself an hour reprieve. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna fuck up those showers, dude. Those showers about to get fucked Up. Damn. That's fucked up. How close is he to you? Like, Like I actually, I, you know, like, like is he on like a totally different side of town or like Well, Every time I've seen him, it's been down here. Oh. So like, I, I, I haven't, I didn't see him. He wasn't like near the encampment. Yeah. I I, if I'd have had it in at the encampment, I'd have done some field research. I'd have got in there if I knew a guy. Yeah. Just to tell people what it was like when he and sat like the wire, when they were like trying to find the serial killer.


I, I had a hit. True. I had a good idea. You had To research. You're taking your gun. True. I had a, although they don't really, I feel like homeless people don't really like, every time I like, there's a, a lot of homeless people in Austin. I'll walk past it gets like really thick around the corner. Yeah. And I'll like walk down there and I'm like, these guys, I was like thinking about it. I had to go get shit outta my car. I'm like, damn, these guys, I'm like fucked. These guys all attack me. But they're pretty chill. Like pretty Chill. Yeah. You think they would get like more into kind of like raiding? There Was a guy around the corner once I heard him yelling. He is like, I'm the Hoge of Austin, Texas. I was like, we don't got that. What's Oge? That's just like the president and it's like anime president. Oh, I thought you guys were, he Was anime homeless. He Was an Anime homeless.


He was anime Homeless. Yeah. See, look, I, if I could get him a portable DVD player, that'd be nice. Just bless. Just something not room tone. A box sit just like here. You'll save his life. He'll be plugged into that wall for at least a week. Yeah, man. I mean, dude, again, it's like, what do you do with those guys? I've heard before you put 'em in the apartment and it's like, a lot of them od no one's there to find them. That's not good. Ever think about work camps? Like what do you I mean, I'm all, I'm all for it. What, like what would you, how would you do That? I mean, like, You gotta do farms. If you did farms that way, it's like, yo, you guys can, What if all the homeless people worked for Amazon? A lot of packages aren't showing up.


They, Well, they're, they're Amazon's nemes dude. They go around. Yeah. You can't give it because you can't, they cannot, they cannot have any response. That's a problem. They can't bear any, and it's like, you know, I'm not coming down on 'em. I'm saying they literally, like, that's kind of the issue. Yeah. A lot of them at least cannot just to do to whatever. Can't bear. Or They, some don't want to. Like the, the Kevin that was there, me, they, they, they cleared it out. They put a fence up. It's, it's gone completely now. But when it was there, I guess social services would come there like every day and be like, Hey, we got a place for you guys. And they'd be like, nah, this is, this is, Get outta here. We can't Do drugs is what we drugs. Yeah. We can't. Yeah, exactly. We Can't do drugs and have smelly orgies in this. Ooh. And well, If you think about it, if someone's just gonna like trap you and fucking give you all these rules, it's like, yeah, I might, it's not gonna be that.


I mean, I guess, you know, the comfort of being indoors would be kind of nice. But it's like, yeah Bro, I didn't know about the hobo orgies. There's gotta be hobo orgies. Yeah. It's probably sad. Either that or very possessive about your woman. I don't know, man. I, or I don't think they have orgies, dude. I think it's like more like brutal quiet rapes and terror. I'm not being honest, I don't think there's, like you would imagine Yeah, You would hope. But I don't think, I don't think there's like them like, you know, like candles and being like, ah, Yeah. Yeah. I think it would Be polyamorous relationship. I imagine like they, the orgy from those animals in South Park where it was just nuts and they would just start going at it and then No, because I think it's like, you know, if you're a woman that you're not just gonna, like, that's your bread and butter, bro.


You're not gonna be just spreading it around Unless you're homeless. What do you mean? I mean, I feel like they might live by animal rules. Just like you, you, you, If you're a lady and you're homeless, you're already a failure. Like, you know, these are all new Opinions. Women should never be homeless. True. Yeah. There's something wrong with you If a woman's homeless. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's like extra d but like a guy being homeless, you're like, yeah, I get it. Like, you know, we got enough dicks out here. Money. Yeah. If you're, I don't know. I yeah, I guess so. Maybe So. I don't know. My, Maybe that's just where their heart is. Dude, The streets My heart. Yeah, it is. It is extra sad when ladies are homeless.


I, I never really, I mean, I thought about it, but never really considered the fact that like, yeah, dude, you have a lady has nowhere, but a lot of homeless people, they do like a lot of off and on action. You get. Not a lot of people are like, I mean, you literally can't do it. Like 365, man, that's Yeah. You would die. Yeah. You're done. There's a lot of tiktoks where people are choosing to be homeless now, where they're doing this. Like, they just make tiktoks about them being homeless, living in their tents. And then they make all the money off of TikTok and they go to a hotel sometimes and then they're homeless again. It's real, it's a real weird cycle. Yeah. That's just like a, like a, there's like the kind of upper crust of the bums who are like college educated. There's a lot of people who like tour just like with bands and do drugs.


Yeah. And they'll be like, we'll be homeless for a little bit then catch a, you know, train to Cincinnati and chill there. Yeah. Yeah. And they're kind of like smart enough to like, you know, make it work for them. But I don't know. I don't, I used to, I used to get mad when I was younger when I would see like, there's like crust punk kind of like white bums who would be, excuse me sir, may I have some change? And you're like, dude, yeah, yeah. You excuse me. No. Get Your life together. Gimme this dog. Yeah. Gimme I, a guy hit me with a puppy last night, just a brand new puppy. And I'm like, damn, nice dog. And I, he's like, I have some money. I was like, nah. So I was great. It was an at TM machine right in there. I was like, I know how at TM machines work, bro. Beast. Yeah. It sucks the fact that no one carries cash is crushing them.


Yeah. S like, I was leaving Sunset and I told, I said to the dude who's asking me for money leaving there. I was like, I was like, I don't got no cash on me. He goes, you got Cash app? And I was like, you got access to cash. That's what I'm saying. I'm like, bro, like, yeah, that's, that's the problem. It's like, yeah. 'cause it's, if I have like spare bills on me, I usually am like, yeah, here you go. But once they're like, yeah, gimme your Venmo. I'm like, ah. You know how to, you got a Venmo, you know how to hustle, like Yeah. You have a phone. Yeah. You have a phone while working internet. Like, it's True. Well, that might be the government Gotta be an bomber phone. Yeah. But Daddy's taking that away. Yeah. Is he really? Yeah. He's taking the bomber phones away. Yeah. That was a part of U S A ID. Oh really? Yeah. Giving Everyone a cell phone. It Was just the, just for poor people.


Yeah. Just so poor people could talk to each other. That's Cool. Just so They can, just so they can listen. Just so they Can listen. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Well, I hope they figure it out, but I, I don't know what they're like, literally don't know what they're gonna do for those guys.


This episode is brought to you by Diet Coke. You know that moment when you just need to hit pause and refresh an ice cold Diet Coke isn't just a break. It's your chance to catch your breath and savor a moment that's all about you. Always refreshing. Still the same great taste. Diet Coke. Make time for you time.


This episode is brought to you by Max. The Emmy award-winning series hacks returns this April. The new season follows Debra Vance making a move from her Vegas residency to Hollywood showbiz tensions Rise as Debra and Ava try to get their late night show off the ground and make history while doing it. Starring Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder Hacks. Season four is streaming Thursday, April 10th, exclusively on Max. And don't forget to check out the Official Hacks podcast on Spotify.


Ah, that it is, it is weird how they figure it out when they wanted to though. During South by, there was none of 'em around here. And it was just like, they were like, we can't, they, whatever it was during that time, they were like, you're gonna make us look bad. And then they're like, All right. Well, I mean, the thing too is like, if you're an adult, unless you're like, genuinely there's like, you know, you divided, like, there's people who are mentally like, for real, like gone. Like there's nothing, you can't sit down, you cannot reason with them. It's like almost involuntary at that point. Yeah. Then if there's a guy who's like, I don't wanna work, it's just like, And you might die of tuberculosis, you know what I mean? Like it's, you have to, you do have to bear some responsibility for stuff. I'm not trying to be like a dick or like fuck them, but it's like, there is a fine line.


'cause it is like, if you're a dude and you're like, I, I don't know how many homeless people this is genuinely their situation, but if you just like, are like, I, I don't know if there's any of 'em that are just voluntarily, like, I'm gonna lay on the ground because it would suck. Yeah. Yeah. Matt, I, We thought we saw, was that me And you? We thought we saw a dead guy, the other Oh Yeah. He was just laying on the ground like This and he was like, pale. Yeah. And, and he was in front of a bar, just like laid out and people were like, somebody was like trying to nudge him and he wasn't moving. Then we told the bar Old homeless door knock. Just, Yeah. Just right on his belly button. But you want to touch him. Yeah. What if I called it, We were like, I think there's a dead guy in front of you bar.


The guy came out and started giving him the real shakes. The, the people who work on sixth Street, they just got a different Yeah. Like they, they power through everything, man. It's like, they're Like cowboys. Yeah. They're like cowboys, man. It's like, yeah, you gotta really, yeah. It's like people work his Zoos. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that, that is like the brutal truth of it. It's like, you know, again, like that lady last night, like I know his name. It's like, dude, if he's like right out front of your door And you open it, you're gonna be like, duh. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like it's, people don't want to see people just not up like that. That's the problem. Yeah. They're just so not up. And it's like, It is a, it is a bummer too, for real. It's bummer. Like it's a, it's a, I feel like I was trying sounding shit to the, to the guy he used to be cool with also.


He's not afraid. It's been 17 years. He's Off your topic. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He wouldn't be at my top a hundred right now. But I think the one thing we all can agree on is that for us to fix this problem will cost $200 million. You think It would cost more? I mean, for us start, like, for us to fix it here, start, it would cost 200 Millions. The hostile dude, homeless support nonprofits are the highest hustle ever. Is That a thing people do? Oh yeah, dude. Oh, you could start a nonprofit tomorrow and just go out and like, check in with them. And then you'll have some government agency give you like your non-profit that you draw like a hundred thousand dollars a year from. Yeah. Like $200 every time you like, sit down with a checklist and like, do you have any bottles of water?


Do you have clean needles? And it's like, bang, that's 200 bucks. That's crazy. And you just hire fucking college interns. They work for free. It's kind of nonprofit space is, lemme start on what's up. What If you like, well, okay, you, you make this nonprofit And you hire one of the homeless guys to do it, But you give him money. Off the record. Off the record. Okay. So it looks like he's, 'cause that's how they like to receive money. They don't like, they Don't wanna pay taxes. They don't wanna Pay taxes. They don't want a new crime. No. You, And they can't write off the depreciation of their house. I'm just saying from a purely accounting standpoint, I don't think they'd be, I think their tax bracket would be zero, but they'd, I I'd imagine they want that cash.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Give 'em the cash. You go, you go Gimme 10 homeless guys. You made, what's that? 200 times 10? Two Gs, 50 bucks, two Gs. Yeah. You break 'em off. Yeah. Go tell your friends. I'm gonna give you some of, you know, pure life. Aquafina Waters had been sitting in like a sunny, warm warehouse for six years. The least refreshing water. It dude. It's literally, it's like toothbrush, hand sanitizer, water bottles. And like, how you doing champ? And then you, you just move on. I knew people used to do this and it's like those companies get paid, bro. Yeah. And you're, you're technically a nonprofit because you are getting a salary personally. And your profit, your entity is not deriving a profit, so to speak.


That's, Oh dude, that's, that's the thing too. Everyone's mad about like, you know, the Doge stuff and it's like, bro, we could use a hard crackdown on government spending. That's the thing though. They're not going after the stuff. What do you mean? They're going after all the, like, I don't wanna say science. 'cause not all of it is science, but some of it is weird science. Like, they made, they figured out ozempic from sloth glands, you know? What's that? So what I, okay, so like, it's Like, Are they cracking down on that or something? Well, there was like a, there was one thing they were like, why do we have to Research so funny? All the women are just getting like sloth, cla sloth. It makes, it does slow down. That's how all that stuff works.


I believe it sloths. That's How it works though. It slows your digestion now. Yeah. That's all it does. All that ozempic shit. Does it? Maybe, I don't know, something. It slows it down and it congeals the toxins. It's the venom from Illa Monster that's close. No, I believe Salza Gap makes total Sense. Yeah. So It's Gil Monster Venom. Yeah. But they wouldn't have noticed that if they didn't have one of those weird research grants where it's like, study the saliva of a Gila monster. Dude, those pharmaceutical companies all have their own money. They, they can trust me. They can figure that shit out. They don't need I agree. They can figure that out, out. They're pure. They have billions of dollars. Yeah. But none of the, They can suck the juice outta Gila monsters, nematodes.


None of the ID stuff that got taken away was pharmaceutical stuff. It was all like civilian programs across, over there. I, dude, I honestly think the truth from my perspective, the truth of it is you see like a snippet in the news. So there's probably some stuff people say, Hey, we need that. And there's probably a lot, if you looked at that list, it'd be a giant sheet of paper. Yeah. Like 10,000 pages that people are cherry picking from. I Also saw another thing they said, they actually didn't cut as much as they said. Well, oh, fair enough. But here's the thing. If you're, you know, these government people, it's the, it's a gravy train dude. Yeah. So if you've got the gravy train going And you have like a high up organization getting millions of dollars that's funneling from taxpayers and not really doing anything that people want you to do besides kind of enriching yourself, the first thing you're gonna do is find like a thing, be like they're actually cutting off money for, it's like, dude, I don't know.


It's like the gravy train's getting attacked. If That condoms in Afghanistan thing is real, get rid of that. You know, Condoms in Afghanistan. Yeah. Let 'em, let 'em make their jihadi babies. But like, you know, like Yeah. That thing. But again, it's, it'd be one of those things where it's like we're doing like, you know, sex ed, we're bringing it here. It the, there's no one's holding you up for results. At least from, again, I have a, a minimal thing, But you can have the shittiest, ineffective organization receiving more. It's all about the grants in the relationships. This happened in fucking Japan. But I would say, to be fair, everybody does want to come here because of the things we have dropped, like culturally and like our programs that expend our reach, our cultural reach.


What You, what you mean? Like everywhere? Everywhere. Most countries, people want to come here. They're like the American dream, the American freedom, golden roads, you know? Yeah. Yeah. What the fuck's that gotta do with some fat fucking social worker making 150 Grand propaganda? Our propaganda works. We're still gonna propagandize. We're propagandizing each other right now. Jesus Christ. You're propagandizing me. Right? I'm All for, I'm for it, man. At least just see what happens, man. Just see what happens, bro. You know what I mean? I Don't know what you mean with the, with the Doge stuff. Just see what happens. That's how see what happens. That's what I feel. Plus I got a little doge. I love to see it work out. It's only 17 cents. Oh, you got Doge. I know. I had, It went down, it went down by more than half, but it Went up a lot because of the originally the Doge coin.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's that? Got it. So there's a coin associated with it. It's been around for forever. Okay. And Elon just used to like, hype it up. It was a meme coin and shit. Yeah. And Elon hyped it up and then it would like, he would like tweet about it. It would jump up. And then like, he was always making a grill. I got it just once. 'cause it was on the Robin Hood app. And I had, I had like, I would put like a dollar in every now and again just 'cause it was there. And I was like, fuck it. And then it went from being like under like 0.0, oh, oh, oh, oh three of a penny to being worth what's like you said, said 17 cents now it's 17 cents now. Yeah. Like, That's sick. Yeah. And I had like $30 of it when it was nothing. And now let's go. It's kind of nice. It's kind of nice. So you're rich.


I'm not rich, but it was like a thousand dollars. That's fucking sick from like $30. I was like, yes. That's kind of tight. At one point I had it like way higher and then it, it went all went away. Is that why You support dudes so much? That's literally why I support. It's very selfish interest. You shouldn't be in politics. I'm not. Wait, maybe you should be in politics Because I, because how much? But You don't care and you're not in it right now. I mean, that is devastating when you see like, like, especially like with taxes, it's like they take, the government takes a lot and then you're like, All right, what am I getting? You turn on the TV and you're like, these are the people.


Yeah. There's so like, it's, I'm not being a dick, but it's like, why, why, why is that? Why can't we have any normal people in that one job? Yeah. Is the, is the job that corruptive or is it just the types of people who I don't, I don't think it's the job. Again, I think it's, we're, we're, we're skipping out on the real problem. And I think it's the corporate overlords. Yeah. True. That's the actual problem. It's not the politics, it's the guys influencing them. The guys influencing us, I think also. And then the guys with all the money, they have all the three things. Yeah. That's I think too, if you want, if you're like the personality type that you want to get into politics, like you probably have the personality type where you've already thought of all the other shit that we complain about and you're like, no, I want in on that. Yeah. Like I, and, and that's what you dive into.


It's like, That's true. It is kind of, it is like the to have of all the things that can appeal to you as like a younger person. Be like, I wanna be on Capitol Hill. Yeah. Pass loss about bus Lanes. Yeah. That's a weird dream to have as a kid. Yeah. You ever, did you ever like meet a politician? Not even like a high level pol just like a guy running for like city stuff. It's like a mayor. Yeah, dude. They're like A beach town Mayor. Those guys fucking park East town Mayors are sick That, that beach town Mayors are cool. That's fucking nasty actually. That's sick. I met a young guy one time who was like a young gunner trying to get into politics a long, long time ago. I remember just thinking like, damn, this is fucking freaking me out. Yeah. He had that like personality, that like stern shake.


Look, you in the eyes too long. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a, you know, but whatever people have their thing. Yeah, maybe. I mean, it's probably always been the case. And I think you're right too. It's one of those things where you get in and it's like, you know, you like, I would do this and that. It's like, bro, wait till Nestle pulls you aside. They're like, bro, Up the fuck up. We actually own water. You can't drink Water. Yeah. You go home. This, this is none of the biggest work anymore. Oh shit. Yeah. Saw A lot of waters are empty. Well, it's also like, if you start getting like, you know, if if say like, you know, if you guys ran for politics and started getting a buzz, there would be like, you know, you'd have like seven or eight people just in your sphere, like Mve Lee kind of planning against you.


And like, it's, it's gotta be shit like that all the time. Yeah. So there's somebody always coming at for your job. Yeah. 'cause imagine you're like running for, and, and it's like local politicians don't get paid much. They're, they're trying to get like the benefits in advance and move up. And it's like, if you're trying to be a politician And you lose, it's gotta be like, what? Then? Yeah. The fuck do you do Local politicians don't get paid much, but I do think they do like, like little shit to big dude. Big time. Yeah. Oh, If you're getting in charge of who gets to pave the roads and shit, it's like, dude, that's so much money. There was this lady in Jersey City when I was living there, like the year before I left, or two years. She worst polish. She did like a You said worse what? Worse politics. Like government, Like ever. It takes so long to get shit done.


All right. I'm Sorry. Yeah. There was this lady, she did like a clear hit and run, like texting and driving, like it's on camera. She hit some dude with her like a, a biker with her car. Which I mean, she did what we all kind of wanna do sometimes, but blasted through him, never stopped. They got her for it and then they started like digging in into all of the shit. She never got in trouble for that hit and run either. I, I think. But they started digging into her like information or whatever and then they found out she was like living in housing that was supposed to be for families who made like under 60,000 a year or something. And who her and her husband were both making like, like 70, 80 or something. Yeah. You know, but then living in a house that's meant for people who aren't making that much and just, oh dude.


People don't realize that's the thing too, you don't realize like even in Philly, like if you're like a city council person, which is like, you know, it's like the start. There's like, I think like there's ward lead. I think technically it starts at the block captain. Block captain is like a unofficial position. And you have ward leaders, city council. If you're in city council, like say like, you know, you're in like, where I used to live in Fairmount. There's like, you know, lots that the city owns that you can then be like, yeah, we can sell. We, we've all decided that we actually can sell this one. But it's like, you can work with a real estate, a real estate investor and like, that's like one of those weird little things you're not thinking of. You have a bunch of vacant lots in like the hood, nobody cares. Yeah. And then you're like, we're doing a new program and then you've just sold, you've literally a, an investor was like, yo, we wanna buy these.


Yeah. And you've just started a new program. Yeah. You get a kickback or like a stake and blah blah and like some weird LLC and nobody fucking follow that Shit. Yeah. No One's looking so it's too late then. Yeah. Then you're just, you know, a top politician. You have $25 million and you're just like, well what, what do you expect? If it doesn't and if it doesn't become national news, you can wait everything out. I would do this if I was a pol. That's the thing too. I gotta admit, if I was a local politician, I'd be so grubby on land. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I'd be so grubby on land. I Would try Not to. I'm not even gonna lie. Yeah. I would try not to. But the second it's like you, you fall like, you just fall into it. Like, I can do what? Well they then they hit you with like, we have plans. We're gonna beautify. They use all these terms and shit.


And then it's just like, you're like, yeah, this would be cool. And then, you know, you get maybe your name on one of the parks And you're like, fucking I am a nice guy. I should do. But even though it's really back in your mind, you know, you're doing some fucked up shit. Colgates about to hit you with a $50, $50,000 grant. Here's The thing to the Business. What if it's not even fucked up? Like if you go to Kensington and somebody gets paid off, making that place nicer. And then, you know, I mean, I don't know where the bros are gonna go, but it's like in 10 years from now they'll be like, damn, that's fucking sick. This place rules. You Should send all the bros to Wyoming. That would be tough. Just Ruin Wyoming because there's Nothing out there. Kanye. Just send 'em to Kanye West's house. Send For every for every like yeah, every like offthe wall tweet.


One homeless guy pops up with a 4,000 Acre, that would stop the tweets. Actually. I bet he'd have like a fucking, like he'd have an army of homeless by the end of it or Yeah. Or he'd have 'em in the choir. Yeah. He'd have the biggest choir of all time. He gave y'all His shirts. Look out the, look at these fresh Sean John and leather KK fits. Yeah, that would be, I mean, yeah, if someone could mobilize those guys, you could Real, I mean it's, I guess how many are there? I don't even know if you almost, Yeah, There's gotta be million. I wanna say a million. But that seems a lot. But there's gotta be, There's gotta be a million million. Yeah. Go. How many people? 'cause there's like, there's like those people who are like kind of in between homeless where they like crash. Yeah. You know, Approximately 771,000.


Okay. So it's almost at a mill. All right. I don't care until it's a million. Let's get these numbers up. Yeah. So before You lead, read the lead the army. Yeah. It'd be a tough, it'd be a, it'd be a truly ragtag group though. That'd be a real motley crew That like, there's no organization. You know, we're a real mot I love old men when they go, we are a real motley crew. Old men love, they have like four guys working with them. They love going, we're a real motley. We're a bunch of ragtag renegades. There's in an insurance office. Just the boss is cheating on his wife. He's like, we're a real motley. We get drunk at TGI Fridays and I get a hand job from prostitutes. It increased 18% from 2023 to 2024.


Damn. Holy shit. What the fuck happened? That's almost about as many pedophiles, like For videos. Oh yeah. True. That's pretty high. It's just slightly higher than that. 18 percent's not good. No, It's Not good. 18% as a in one year. One year. Nuts. Damn. If you think about it. Okay, so you Trying to leave it for Trump? No, dude, eggs went up and then people were like, I can't afford eggs. I can't afford a house. Oh, true. I forgot about the economy. That is funny. People are like, why Aren are the eggs going down? Lower the fucking eggs.


It is always the eggs, Bro. There's like real egg shortages. If you go to the grocery store, there's no fucking eggs. Really? Yeah. It's happened to me a couple times. There's no eggs. And you know, Because they had to burn down. Like, did they burn down? Is that Bird flu shit? Yeah. Yeah. They burned down a couple chicken farms. Like on the east coast. Mm Dang. Who? Kanye. Who? Kanye burned him down. He was, yeah, that's, yeah. 'cause it was like a bird flu or some shit. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't worried about it, dude. Yeah. Ain't nothing wrong with it. Barrier flu. Yeah. I, I thought all the bad stuff lives on the shell of the egg. Actually, I think there was like a human that called bird flu too, from this stuff. Now can you even get bird flu from eggs? No. I mean that feels like you can't, I think you can get it, you know, you can get it from, there's shit.


So when you, when bird shit, I, I used to work in a highly char, like a highly pigeon shit rich environment for a while. Like it would just clouds of pigeon shit. You would drop a section. I was doing demolition. You would drop a drop ceiling and then you would literally, this room would just be like, looked like smoke. Oh. Dried pigeon shit. And when pigeon, when bird shit's dry, it actually, the like, viruses and bacteria are in it. Like they need water to like, kind of like activate. Yeah. So the problem is it's like dry And you can touch it. It doesn't bother you, but as soon as it enters your body, you have water in your body. And then it'll start like to proliferate. I breathe in like so much pigeon shit. That's, I didn't get any bird flu fucking bullshit dude.


I was, I Was, when somebody explained that to me, I was so scared the whole time. I was like just literally moving through just a fucking clouds. Clouds of pitches. Yeah. You have those like paper masks on, but it's like summertime. It's hot. You're gonna fucking pull that thing down for a Second. Yeah. Like, fuck it, I'll die, I'll die. And I feel this right Now. Those fucking masks suck so bad. Yeah. Have you ever worn one of those like all day big white ones? Yes. All day and worked. Yeah. Not all day. It's Fucking, and then when you have to wear, like, if you do something like lead when you're like removing lead paint or asbestos, you have to wear those like giant ones that like the fallout guys. Like the filters. Yeah. Dude, Those things. It's like a, it's, it's literally a strain on your heart. 'cause you're like, you every breath you're going And you gotta breathe in.


Oh. They're not like easy breathing. I thought you just heard it because It was No, it's fil you're filtering air so you're getting less oxygen technically through, I I think through every fucking breath sounds Right to me. Yeah. Yeah. So it is a, I I looked it up. I, I was such a psycho about all this shit. I was like, I'm gonna fucking die. Yeah, it is. You would've to like cut fon. You know, you cut a fon line that's blasting on you. Yeah. Damn boy. Demolition sucks, dude. It's like, it is truly, it's definitely a Short it's man's work. Yeah. But it's like you're going and all the dudes who do it are like, I don't give a fuck. Yeah. And they just breathing in the worst shit possible all day long. Like concrete. You know, if you breathe in concrete, that's bad for you. Silicates. If you look at the actual, I know asbestos, if you look at the like mo not molecule, like the, like a chunk of it.


Basically like a fine particle. It's like a little barbed fucking spike and they just scar your lungs and concrete silicates do the same thing. If you breathe in concrete dust all the time, it just fucks your lungs up. Beast. But everyone's gonna call me a bitch. Everyone who does this. Nah. I mean he lived there and done it though. Yeah. You've been there, done that. So I was Zoolander bro. I was Zoolander John. I did it for a couple years. I, every time I talk about doing demolition, I'm like, like another three. I'm like, I think I did it for like eight years. It was like two years maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did it for like eight years. Probably three Years is still a wreck on your body. Did it my whole life. That's why I have gray hair and look like I'm fucking out. Shit dude. Of shit growing up.


And you, it's not the stress of a family. It's shit. Father did this to me. Dude, let's slide to the motherfucking Zoom. What's up dude? Yeah man. Come on in bros. Brother. Where were we at? Time wise? An hour. Oh dude, look at that. Crazy. Hell, you crushed it. We fucking, we did our damn thing. Let's slide to the motherfucker. And this might even be page two, who the motherfucker knows. Yeah.