
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wes and, Hey, we're here live. Hey, ver dance. We're starting now. The beginning of that didn't count. Ver dance. Dance returns the box of rations. Yeah. What an insane choice that was. What? Say that right away. I Pretty crazy. Verdan. Where is it? Ver Dansk. Is that just a made up place in Call of Duty? Yeah. The original map. I Think it's in, it's in the Ukraine. They're getting fucked up. True Verdan, Ukraine. Little dansk. I'm excited. I like Call of Duty's important. Man. Call of Duty is like a, it is for like dudes wellbeing. I feel like dudes need to play Call of Duty at nighttime now. More than ever.


I think. Yeah. Men are lonely. It's actually the most stressful. Men are lonely, Dejected right now. Yeah. I got MLB the show going myself. You what? I got a career going rode to the show. Baseball. What's going on with it? Taking Joey Weaver. He got drafted. I went to TCU played, they included college baseball in it for the beginning. And that got me high school and college. You played high school baseball? I played a little high school baseball. Wait on, on a video game. You're playing as high schoolers. Don't worry about it. That's Crazy. There's Nothing I can do. That's when the career starts. What do you want me to do? That Should be illegal. And you were playing as the high school. You play his girls in call duty. Dude. Dude. Shut up. You playing girls? How? Dude, I'll be the chick. She's got like Vigo. Yes. That's a character you can choose is a black chick with Vigo.


What? Yeah. It's crazy. It's kind a song Choice, obviously. I think vitiligo. That's the skin. Yeah. Where she's like got an natural camouflage. That's why I chose her. Yeah, True. The Vigo community might be the most overrepresented community in the world. It's A very small percentage Of people. It's every fucking model I look. Ats got it every, you know what I mean? They're everywhere. Yeah. I've never seen one of them in real life. I've seen a couple in real life. Yeah. Yeah. Take that back. I think there's that guy that hangs out at the bar by us. I saw a Vigo bro walk in. Yeah. I would say there's definitely more Ations. I feel like they're, they're outside, bro. There's more than you think because I, A lot of 'em wear makeup to hide it. No. And now it's becoming a thing where they're like normalizing it and you're like, nah, dude.


Where Put that, get that makeup back. No. Normalize it. It's nice. Normalize it. I'm excited when I see it. There was a, we talked about before, but there was some Albino Indians that worked at the sub barros in my mall growing up. The Original s And I was very excited to see them. What? Every time I go, holy hell dude. I've ne that's something I, I've never seen. This is like the nineties. I was like, we don't have any differences in Mechanicsburg. I Didn't, I never even knew Indians could be albino. They were. Is it? I think it is only, I think it fucking alligators can be El Anybody can be el by Public constrictors Indians. That's a fair point. That's exciting. What was like, what was their vibe?


They were great. They were running around. You have to, family owned the sbarros and they were just, they were having a good time. And that's Genetic was the fa was like a portion of the, A lot of the fam was Albano. There's a Albano kids and the wall, they were right next to the wall in the food court. So they would just run over there. Music. Why did they, did they immigrate to America? Do you think they're being worshiped too much, much over in India? Probably. They're probably on one of those 900 foot towers that everyone in the village carries and drops. They keep dropping them. You see they drop 'em every day. No. In India there's some ritual where they build like a giant tower that's like a parade float. And they carry it and it collapses every time. And everyone has to run.


I've seen it. It's, it's my algorithm is Indian Towers collapsing. India's sick. India's getting like a lot of recognition right now on social media. Not a lot of it's great. I'll be honest with people are being pretty negative towards them. But they Were negative for a while. Now they're back. I think So. It's pretty, They survived it. The India got canceled for like a month. They did. And now they're back. Dude, they're getting that bump. Well dude fucking Ram Swami's back. He's gonna be like the governor of Ohio, I think. Yeah. Ram Swami's giving a shot. He bounce it Back. He was gonna be president, but then he spazzed on Twitter. Now he's governor of Ohio. Not bad. Yeah. Not bad. He, he's got a lot of time. Shoot for the moon. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Where's Casey end up in? Oh, fucking Ohio. Aim for the stars.


Yeah. And you'll land in Ohio. Well, it's good to be here with Louis j Gomez. Thanks Shane. I missed You buddy. I missed you too. It's Been too long. It has. Yeah. What You been up to? Me? Just working hard, man. Working hard. I told you guys, I applied for Beast Games. Applying for Beast Games is applied for Beast games. I applied for Beast Games. That's why we have, we need to move it up a little. He's got a, he's got a meeting this afternoon to apply for Beast Games. What The fuck? I don't know how much I'm allowed to say at this point. What Are the C cha? What are the challenges? I don't know what if they, but Again, put Spot right now they have a gun to my son's head. They like how much? $5,000. Lemme pull the trigger. What's the layout of that show? I didn't watch it yet. Is It more like, the first layout is it was great. There's like, everyone's in the same room and they offer your row.


Like you can eliminate your entire row and take the bribe the money. Yeah. But then everyone else in your row is eliminated and it gets, And you get to stay. It gets up to like 150,000 and people are like, no, I'm staying. I love you guys. Got up to a Million. I love you. They did this the entire fucking time. Yeah. The million thing made me want to come myself. Nothing Thing's crazy. I think we talked about as soon as, as soon as they hit hundred thousand, they're like, You. This is what I've been laughing about. I Hope you get the show And you bail on five bucks eliminated. A hundred people go 10 bucks. But what if they counter eliminate you? How does that work? You're out. You're gone. You get nothing And you, you're done. Yeah. You Could walk out with Nothing. No, it's a psychotic show. $10 million was the grand prize on season one. But how do you get it though? I don't understand. If everyone's Done, then there's a bunch of challenges. But the first thing to eliminate half the contestants was like people being greedy and taking it and eliminating everybody.


But the whole time everybody was going, I love you dude. I'll, I'll never. They just met. Yeah Dude. Within the first hour there's people crying. It's, It's everyone's crying. It's crazy. It's actually Crazy. People are sacrificing themselves. They'll be like, I'll get eliminated for you dude. Go win this. You need it. They don't know each other. They've never met. These are the most insane di you're gonna fit right in. It's gonna be nuts. You're beat the fuck outta someone for taking the bribe. You're gonna fucking, you're gonna go in insane. You cannot be. Do you see the one where they're in the cube? Yeah. Did you watch the whole thing? I watched, hold on. Was the cube where three people going and Yeah. Dude, the guy who didn't take a million got eliminated over like a sandwich. Yeah, Dude. So at one point, each group, there's like four groups of a hundred people.


Maybe they have to pick one person that they think is trustworthy that won't take the bribe. 'cause if you take the bribe, you, your entire team is eliminated. Yeah. And you get to stay. Oh yeah. And a chance to win. So they, they have four, three or four people up on the stage. This big platform. They're offered a million dollars each. No, But it's first. So it starts off as a hundred thousand dollars. And then it's gonna keep, they, you go, it's just gonna keep rising. And if you hit the button, you take the, the, the money, your whole team gets eliminated. Like, Which helps you. Which, and then you stay in, Which helps you get Yeah, dude. A Chance to win. And it gets to a million dollars. And all four leaders didn't take the million dollars. Thought there crying again. They're all doing this again. Yeah. When did that become, Are the 99 people watching you? Yes. They're All like, don't do it.


Please. That's the Best thing. And there's just guys up there like, I love you guys so much. I would never Do it. How did they pick the trustworthy people? They Pick the most insane. Yeah. They all vote who they think is the most trustworthy. I would, dude, that's my thing. I gotta get in and the first couple episodes act like I'm a sweetheart. You, you gotta pick up like a $20 bill. Like someone drop this. This isn't mine anyway. I'm just gonna leave it here. I would never do That. I don't even care about this stuff. That would be standing in front of 99 people. You just like A kicked off a TV and B, like just dash Their hopes and making millions of dollars would be a pretty interesting feeling. Yeah. Stand in front of 'em. Like go Dude a million dollars. Crazy. Not doing it as the dumbest thing. Yeah.


Ever. Yeah. 'cause at that point, it's supposed to be one person winning $5 million And Yeah. The end result is everyone gets eliminated except one person. Yeah, exactly. Who fucking won? Who won the whole thing? I Didn't finish It. And you want me to give a spoiler? Sure. His Beast game stall going. No, the first season's done. But the guy who won his, he was like a really nice guy. His kid's got some disease, some like creatine deficiency disorder. Damn. And he is like, dude, he is like, I'm gonna use this entire $10 million cure my son's disease. You're like, that's a good guy. Yeah. That guy should win the game. I'm gonna buy a jet and hookers. So I'm gonna spend all my money on hookers from Verdan. Yes. And I'm gonna fly them in. Yeah. Wait, the sun can't like produce creatine.


I guess it's something I don't, Some sort of man, he must not have gone to high school with me. All we did was creatine. We just bullied this little kid. I really used to think creatine was steroids. I thought creatine was like an insane thing. I had no idea. It was a natural thing in your body. Yeah. Like it's apparently it's something you like kind of have to take. I've learned. Yeah. I take it. So Do I. I Don't know what it is. I can tell why Take. I can tell you take it too, by the way. You can tell I'm getting all swollen. And you did get jacked full of water. You look like me. That's Like I'm fucking drowned. Damn. So he used the whole 10 mil. You're taking great team. I've been taking great team. God man, taking so much. I've been dealing digging every day. Yeah. I like it. You're All over it. That's good.


Hey Matt, this episode is brought to you by PrizePicks. I'm pumped for opening day. It's good to see some Phillies baseball again. Hopefully our bullpen improves with Jesus Lozado. Speaking of pitching for the Phillies, what was throwing out the first pitch? Like, I'll tell you what, I was probably more nervous about that than hosting SNL. I just didn't want to end up like 50 cent And get shot nine times. Or what happens If I had to do it again? I'd take myself more than one nervous breakdown throwing out the first pitch. Citizens Bank Park baby. Book it. Wow. That dude. This week on PrizePicks. I'm going with, I think I'm going to go with the, Hmm. Orlando Magic. You gotta pick a individual. Oh, okay. I'm gonna go. Hold on. Let's go. Let's go. Bryce Harper. There we go. Moore Moore. I was, I'm trying to figure a, who's a good player from the Orlando Magic. I was gonna start broad and narrow it down. Victor Ola Depot. Victor Ola Depot. Less Penny Hardaway. More Shaq. All right. You heard our picks. Now it's time to lock yours in with PrizePicks. I'm telling you, these guys are legit. I love PrizePicks. I've been messing around on the app and it's super simple. You just pick more or less on two or more players for your shot that went up to a thousand times your cash. I've been messing around on that app big time. Yeah, you can talk to guys on that app. Really? Yeah. I've Been talking to you guys. You can talk to a fella. You cannot talk to the other guys, But You cannot talk to guys Unfortunately. But that is, But you cant pick more or less. That is not part of the ad. That's something me and Matt are considering pitching to PrizePicks. Yeah. Let us talk amongst each other. That'd Be fun. Little Nice to chat with Guys. Chat, meet up on PrizePicks. You can mix. Did you already Do this one? No, you Got it on PrizePicks. You can mix and match player projections from different sports. Combine your favorite basketball players with players from baseball, hockey, eSports, and much more. PrizePicks is the best place to win cash while watching sports. Join over 10 million users and sign up today. Download the app today and use code Drench to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks. Run your game. Run your game Must be present in certain states. Visit PrizePicks dot com for restrictions and details. It's time to run your game.


Me and Lewis are stacking right now. We're Tmax right Now. You got your fucking jack? No, we're TM maxing right now. We're both trying to do endogenous tm Maxers. What's that? Just Boost your tea with like adaptogens and shit. Yeah. Natural. Natural. What's adaptogen? It's like a Herb. Anything like an anything a natural substance. Basically. Adaptogen is just like a word for nerve. Yeah. Your body, your body adapts To the Yeah, it just gins it up. Yeah. But yeah, dude, I've been taking Maa. I Know about the Maa. Maa. Sheila Jett. I've been waiting. What's Sheila? Jett and Moringa and Moringa, bro. I woke Up this morning With a bone. You Doing The morgue, Huh? It's my third day on it. I Woke Up for real, like afflicted. Just kinda like Jesus. Oh no. I didn't take anything in the whole, I flew home from London.


I was hard for 11 hour, so 11 hour flight on, I had a bone with a whole fucking, fucking, you Can go rub one out. It was great. I considered it. You're in a private jet? No, I, I wasn't on a private jet. I Was just, but I jerk off on almost, almost every flight I'm on, whatever it is with my, the way I sit, I have fat thighs, so it just feels like my dick is inside of something. And I'd get turned on by sitting for that long. And I go get one out. I shoot it right into the sink. The sink, The sink. I'll usually run with paper, paper towels. And then I, you know, The sink is diabolical. Come On. No. Look, I've been there with you before, brother. I'm saying hit the tur or like a napkin or something. The sink is crazy. No, I put Jet one flights. I jack Off, I off flights sometimes, like you're saying.


I've had that like crazy flight boner attack. This is the closest I've considered. And it was 11 hours, bro. I would take a nap. I'd wake up. It'd be harder. It'd be it 11 hours. I would've jacked off five times since that flight. It was crazy. It was in your mind. It was Close. And on a flight. I will say you're, It's a quick one. Fast one bro. Quick one. Yeah. You shoot it, you're out. And that also my head hurts immediately for some reason. Really? Like a really nasty headache after Ipi. It's probably 'cause of all like the pills you took to get like super hard. Like stem. It's probably a, like a I stem fab thing. Maybe. I don't Know. Taking like fucking Molly. And I don't take drugs anymore. It's fast. I stopped smoking weed five months ago. I'm fucking Are you totally straight edge?


No, I drank here. I shouldn't have. But now I'm, I'm back to not drinking again. This was a lot. What was the thing that sparked this? What sparked your, like, I wanted to raise my tea, but What, like, what brought it to your attention? My doctor saying I had the tea of a young lady. What? He was like, are you a 12-year-old girl? Every single dude I've ever talked to is like, yeah, I have no testosterone. I was 3 39 was my testosterone number. I don't even know what that means. I'm telling you, I have no idea what that is. Whoever the big T salesman are, It was a Joe Rogan. They're making fucking money. I've never talked to one guy that's gotten his t check that isn't like, dude, I, I Was talking about this on the podcast. That's why I'm tired all the time. It's like, no, you're just getting Old. Yeah. Old. You're fucking tired. I was talking about, I've the podcast and Tony Hinchcliffe was like, he's like, I'm gonna set you up with my T guy.


I was like, it's okay Tony. I'm not taking your testosterone.


This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. Calling All Call of Duty fans of Verdan is back in Call of Duty War Zone. Starting on April 3rd, you'll be able to drop back into Verdan, experience all the chaos and relive the thrill you've been missing. Not only will you get the classic battle real experience, we all know and love, but Verdan is back with upgraded graphics and gameplay. That's right. You'll be experiencing Verdan like never before. Smoother movement. Stunning visuals and new mechanics. Whether you're dropping in solo or teaming up with your squad, it's time to come home to Verdan. Download Call of Duty, warzone for free and drop in to Verdan on April 3rd. Rated M four mature.


Close your eyes and open your mouth. I'm gonna give it to you. What are your plans though? What are you, what are you trying to get your tee up to? You wanna Be more aggressive. I want to, I want, I wanna be more horny. I wanna jerk off more Flights. You know, horniest, angriest guy I've ever met. I'm flight. You have too much tea. No, I don't. The doctor was lying. Dude, I've never met someone with more tea. You're You're high tea. Screaming and coming constantly. It's all You do, Dude. Chill out with the Tea. It's all you do. If there was a Mucinex commercial for tea, you'd be the mucus guy. I Would not have you pegged for low tea. Are you are? Did you like, you know all this stuff about Not low. It was, it was So for my, I'm turning 43 next week.


It was the lower, lower end of average for my age. Yeah. But did you like sleep bad the night before? All that? I know that stuff affects It. Maybe. I don't know. I mean, it was, you know. Well it Can't hurt you if you're just taking like mocking and stuff. I'm Taking, well I'm taking Tonga Ali. That's My Tonga. Ali's nice too. Yeah. Yeah. That's my shit. Howdy. Did it work on you? I think So. I'm getting my teeth tested on April 3rd, so we'll see if I've raised myo levels. Nice. I feel like nobody ever thought about this stuff ever before. No, for sure. People were mostly fine. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I, It was too much information. We know too much. We were, we were all good. But before we had social media and we can communic, we used to be able to talk to six people. Nobody was comparing t nobody was talking about any of this stuff.


You don't even know What it was. I didn't even know. Like, and also I think it's like kind of a gift from God that it drops off as you get older. That's the last thing you need. Yeah. Yeah. Is to have like high tea and be like fucking 50. It's just like you're setting yourself up for the most potent disaster ever. The thing with it, it's like, I think it's the, the Manosphere podcast of really fucked a lot of people up. Yeah. But it, it all does stem from Rogan. But it he was being original. Yeah. He was first. You know what I mean? He's just like, now be, those were his interests and he got so popular that it's every dude in America's fucking interest. That's a fair point. He is like, I love Juujitsu T space. Space is fucking nuts.


Whoa. I've been on a space train since a young man. I've, I used to read. Yeah. I used to astro asy. I used to read asy all the time. Dude. Space animals. Animals attacking you, animals attacking each other. I've been on animals attacking you since I was a young lad. Dude. Animals Do rule Animals rock. I will say the tea is nice for end of life. If you want to. I I really wanna save it till I'm like, I wanna really feel a dip to like the lowest possible. Pretty much borderline trans. Yeah. And then just like a phoenix outta the ashes. Yeah. Just be sitting there one day being like eating and just be like, it's time. And just fucking just take so much tea and Yeah. No, I'm figure what I want for lunch into my body.


I wouldn't, I wouldn't inject. I'm not gonna put a needle into my body. You Have to. The pills are gonna fry your liver. No. Well I don't take pills. I take a little powder. You do a little patch, You snort a little, little powder. A little rhino horn. So if they made, if they made a snort tea, I would do it actually. Oh, that's a more fun way to do it. Yeah, that would be, that would just be boss. So I could, You could probably snor creatine. I bet you it would go into your body the exact same way. I'll, I'll do a line of creatine with you right now. Pe I think mo more people have s snorted creatine than they realize that's a common cut for cocaine. Really? Oh yeah. Oh God. Creatine is like, have you seen Yeah. Do creatine drip. You're like, a lot of people love it. Have snorted creatine without realizing.


Get the creatine. The creatine C Actually see that right Now It's bump lines of creatine right now on the show. What a fun, what a fun bit. I bet a call of dude would love that you just do churns off that fucking load box or whatever that shit is. That's that's what it's for. Bumping creatine off. It would be kind of nasty. I might bump Fucking coke off that. I got a fucking Call of Duty sponsor baby. We did It. The original Fucking T dosage, bro. A little bump bro machine. You got high T. No, I don't think I do. Yeah, you do. Super hight. You haven't had a tested, fuck No.


That's, that's a sign of high tea. Yeah. You Were like, I know I don't need to have some pussy doctor. Tell me What my number, is it a sign? I've also, I've, I've been doing my best to stop being a crybaby. What do you mean? I've always, I mean we always talk about it, but I was just, you get done with a long weekend. Like I was in the uk. I was fucking totally exhausted. I came back home and I was like, I was like, The fuck am I doing again dude, I'm mostly, I'm just hungover so I'm sad. But it's like, yeah, Cut it out. Although with high tea comes high estrogen 'cause they do kind of couple. Oh really? Yeah. If you have high tea, you usually have high estrogen as well. Yeah. Because you ha your body has to, that's why steroid like body builders, they take estrogen blockers. 'cause your estrogen raises with the T.


Is that why they get titties? I don't know. Maybe. Could be. Could be. Or maybe they're just in gym working on it. Maybe they just worked hard and finally got the results. They got big tits, Rocking Tits. I'd be in the gym like crazy if I could get woman's tits on my butt. Naturally. You can, Dude. Do you ever see those like jack's fucking They have Really? It's funny sometimes. Yeah. I'll see a dude in a movie like that's supposed to be like a jacked ripped guy. And he is, it's just 'cause his pecs are gigantic, but just a smooth set of women's tits. Damn. Yeah. Small nipples. Yeah. Tying nipples. Ooh. Yeah. Dude's nipples poking outta their shirt is for real. Like the opposite effect. I see a dude's nipples outta their shirt. I'm like broke. Yeah. Tough. A woman is like, this is what have I done deserve Hard nipples at a guy.


Nipples building bro. I mean these dry fit fucking polos. Just nipples. It's a nipple show. Yeah. Your nipples aren't poking Out. Not right now, but I'll get 'em going. If you were to broaden that AC kicks on. Fucking Do you ever run, you ever run in the cold and then like your shirt rubs against your nipples. Your your nipples get all Chafed. That hurts. It hurts like hell. I get that Normally if I wear like the wrong sh if I have a shirt with like a patched on logo, my nipples get or a dress shirt. You have giant nipples. You think I have giant nipples? No I don't. My nipples are I You have perfectly normal nipples. I say They're perfectly normal. Dude. I Even put that on Someone. Don't put that on. You have like, I instantly believed it. I was like, I guess I do.


No, you have great beautiful Nipples. You have big nipples. No, I have nice little, little Puerto Rican nipples. Do You really? Little Fucking brown. Little brown pepperonis. Yeah. Yeah. You've Been sending me some shirtless pics. I have sent Shane some shirtless pics Every time he makes progress in the gym. I think it's just for me. Yeah. I think you go to the gym to be like, Shane, check what I've check what I've done to my body. Are you doing post immediate post pump picture? Oh yeah. Yeah. It's the best. I'll do it in the dude from, I get in the steam room, I come out, I have a glistening glaze on my body bro. And I send it to Shane. I'm like, look at this bro. This is nothing. Sam Hyde has been sending me nothing but pictures and FaceTimes from when he is in the sauna and he puts the phone at his feet and goes, This is the fucking scariest.


I, dude, I wish I had that confidence because Sam Hyde specifically tries to make himself as ugly as possible. I'm like, he just has whatever it is. Like the, the way he's wired. He's like, no, no. I'm gonna look at like the biggest fucking ugly freak. And he famous Made you from the the sauna. And every time like dude, Stop. Yeah, He's hight for sure. Oh he's super hight. Yeah. That's like, yeah, that's a problem. Yeah. Super hight. Too much. Super Hight. There's no way you're low t go back and fight the doctors. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go back. That's the proof of high tea. Yeah. No, I tried to get him to put me on testosterone and he was like, no, it's any like a scam. Like where he was trying to get me to like, he was like, no. He was like, you smoke and drink every day. He was like, stop doing that. Yeah. But a long cell takes, that's a Long cell.


Getting rid of smoking and drinking is low tea. That's a low tea activity. That's literally a girl decision And You drink too much. That shut up bitch. That's the low. That's the slow cell too. To be like, dude, I'm on your side. He's gonna do the same test. Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna print like a fucking like furniture fax off his printer and like, oh yeah dude, you actually dropped. That's crazy. You're fucked. He's like on the semen scale. But that's cool. Yeah. That'll be fun. It's cool to look forward to. I say it all the time man, if like, if you get older you can just smash thet button and go nuts. Yeah, just go yo do double whatever they say, just go double that up. Double that up. See what the fuck happens. I watched the video 'cause they were like, dudes are taking, I watched this last night.


They're saying a lot of dudes are finding out theirs are average and taking it and they're like you. It's only for people who are very low. Yeah. Well I think it if really if you're hight taking more doesn't really bring your tea up. Right. I don't know neither. Also there's a question of absorbing it. You could put it in there. You might not be able to absorb it. So whatever. That'd be cool. I think it'll be a lot of it too. It'll just be nice If I'm getting injected by anything by a doctor, I'm gonna be like, oh fuck yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. You like it? Yeah, I would like that. I hate it. I hate taking blood. I hate taking needles. Yeah. I'm not a big fan. Actually Can't do it. This would be like a needle in your butt. I'm pretty sure. Okay. I could do that. No, I'm not trying to be like you saying you just put a, you put a needle in your butt cheek.


So I'm first self-conscious about my ass So I wass kind of flabby. What? The doctor's gonna do it. You gonna flabby ass Dude, My butt sucks. Are you serious Dude, my Butt. This is also another female psyop dude. Men should not have fucking sculpted. No. I should have a nice, I bet dude. I bet Matt's ass is a fucking thing of beauty. I got Peach. Gotta little peach. Matt does have a don. I admired Matt's don several times. Matt's As must be. I got a tight little peach Supposed watch him run up the steps. He does have a nice Don. Yeah, I was watching White Lotus and the guy comes in and fucks a lady. He has a giant sculpted ass. I was like, dude, Who? The Schwarzenegger? No, the guy when when she fucks one of the Russian guys.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He crawls Above and he had a fucking jacked ass. And I was sitting here by myself and I was like, dude, the fuck is that dude s the guy's. But I'd rather see his Don You on the flight from London. You're like Jesus crush. Yeah. Not now. Will it ever end Is not going away. Did you, did you watch that episode? Yeah, I caught up. It's the funniest thing possible. Unbelievable Fortunate kid. There was a clip recently I saw in line of him like finding out he was in White Lotus with his family and he like crying and being like, yes. Oh no. He's also at a white lotus style resort. Wait, see the script? He was, his rich family is at like a beautiful resort. No, they were. Yeah. It's like I thought it was on set. Yeah. That's Funny.


Yeah. Oh my God. But Then you get the script And you go, I mean, what else is, Wait, hold on a sec. What is he? I know dude. You're gonna jerk your brother off. Although dude, I will say he's been, I'm so impressed by him. His acting. He's great. Yeah. Unbelievable. No, he's Really good. He's unbelievable. This Season's great. It this is, I mean the first four episodes blue, but now we're fucking getting, now we're cooking. Now We're cooking Episode five, episode six. I've been, it's really just brothers jerking each other off now. I'm completely, But that's the funniest thing possible. It's hilarious. It's unbelievable. They Kissed and I was like, that's not that bad guys. Bro. If his dad would've bone his head off, that would've been the funniest day ever. That's You got jacked off by your brother came home and your dad threw his head off And you always think it's because he knew what the Fuck you Were like, dude, this is definitely my fault.


A hundred percent. Yeah. It's also so sick being like, yeah, we blacked out. I don't remember anything. And just carrying the memory the entire time and being like when the girls confront him and he is just like, that didn't happen. Like no, I watched it and he is like, can we just stop talking About this right Now? I, yeah. I don't know what, you have to kill yourself. That whole family might suicide. Yeah. I mean mom was talking about it. She was like, I can't live any other way. Yeah, I'd kill myself. Oh, she might be the best character on the show. She's hilarious. Unbelievable. Yeah. Parker Posey. She's fucking hilarious. I got a theory of what's gonna happen. Do you really? Because the Shooter, I heard a good theory too from It's gonna be Goggins and the Bulldogger go to try to fuck with that guy. The guy they've been trying to fuck with. Yeah.


And then there's gonna be a shooting at the place. And I think that sweet guard is gonna be the one, The set the, I mean he's gonna get popped trying to protect his babe. I had the I, my theory right now is the younger brother or the older brother, ooh. Wants to keep that rumor at bay. 'cause those two girls know so he might want to fucking Him up. That's fair. Murders these fucking sluts. I think so. That's a fair one. Heard The rampage. I heard theory from one of my producers. They think a monkey gets a hold of the gun. 'cause they keep on showing Monkey. I had, I had a feeling somebody from Legion SKS was gonna come up with the dumbest type. Could Be, could be multiple shooters. It could be, I don't know dude. He brings his gun back from Bangkok and then he hears maybe a suicide shot go off.


He thinking it's the other guy and he fires. There could be multiple gunmen all firing at each other. Just You don't think it could be monkeys? I hope it's monkeys. I hope it's monkeys. It'd be the funniest thing possible. Like mother's little fucking capuchin monkey we Just watched. Just kidding. That Would be, yeah. If we just got to watch a family fall apart and then get killed by a monkey, that'd be great. Yeah, That would be, That'd be, you got jerked all by your brother and then a monkey shot you. True. I, but I can get past being jerked off by my brother if we were both blacked out on drugs. No Chance. But you, He Remembers it's the drugs. It's not you. It's like you guys chose To do that. No way. Never ever. I don't have a brother. Maybe I have to have a brother. Yeah. To his sister. I have a sister. Can you know, imagine doing drugs and her jerking you off.


Yes. That's, I would kill myself. That's different. But still fucked up. That's different. Your brother jerking you off. I mean, it's not ideal. Honestly. I don't have a brother. I can't. But I mean, dude, I like was watching it sisters. It's all hell. It's hell for sure. But dude, haven't every brother jerk. It's crazy. You And baby Billy. That's Crazy. It's So, I was sitting there with, I was watching it last night with Brittany and she was like, I was like, dude, he's like visibly sick and she's like, do you think you would get sick from that? I thought about it immediately felt sick and I was like, yeah, I guess So. I was like, yeah. That made my, it turned my stomach immediately. Yeah. Its your brother f Would suck if it was one of your boys. Yeah, exactly. But you know, if like you and me did something and I, you know, you ended up, you know, Something like that.


I feel like our situation would be different. Our situation would be different If we like kiss, just to make it a funny joke. And then you ended up stroking me. That'd be fucking glar crazy. Our situation would be different. Yeah. Our situs, we'd have a different stitch. Yeah, that'd be Different. He was his, his brother, to be fair to your point. Louis, his brother was plowing. So there was a woman involved. So It's just the South Park episode with the aliens. Which did you see? The one where they're like, oh God, you've sucking my thing where like the Jewish aliens. No, I didn't see that. That's great. Turns on earth is a reality show and these aliens are coming to cancel it, which is just, they're gonna blow up earth and then the boys go and hang out with them and they start doing blow and they fucking suck each other.


Anyway, that what reminds me of just a hangover the next day being like, oh my God, what'd we do man? Yeah, you do have to bury it and move on. Like that was a, you you could, you could file that under like, that was a truly wild night and move on. Yeah. That would use drugs. I don't if if it was like, if they're completely sober, I would understand like wanting to fucking kill yourself and like Yeah. But it's like, you know, people do crazy shit on drugs. That's true. And it's, you know, the problem is, this is the thing I was wondering about, is it like something where he's like dying to relive it? That could be part of his revulsion. 'cause they were like, kind of like, he was like showing his brother's ass and jerking off and back. Yeah. There was a lot of weird like inces shit. Lot of up. Even like the Arnold Schwarzenegger's son, like with the the, the sister.


He was like, is she a virgin? I was like, she's hot. Like why is she not like at the box? Like so weird. It was a weird sort of conversation. Yeah. And then the younger, the younger brother and the younger, the sisters sort of have like a little bit of like they're a little too close. Yeah. Well they, they older brother's like just a sexual pig. Yeah. And then it's just coming full circle. Like the, now the older brother rules prizes the most. I dude, the older brother rules. It's all, we've been talking the whole weekend. That's all we've been talking about. OSA is just calling people pigs and it's the funniest, the best. How was we had, we had the pig rankings of all of our friends. Who's the top pig? Really? It was The top pig. I can't say it here. You can say it. I'll tell you later. It was the funniest gimme The first initial, the first name. Nope. But it was funny because he'd be furious. Really? Top pig.


Who? That's a compliment. I'm hoping Shadows. I think it if you just, I don't know. Yeah, I Could, I could guess. Yeah, I can really Funny how to define a pig. Just pig behavior. Dude. Just the trow. You put out the, you put out the fucking slop in the trow and they're fucking Wow. Drink drugs. Women All. Yeah. Oh yeah. The most vice man. Top Pigs. Maybe you. I'm up there. I'm a good pig man. That's why I assembled. I just, on this trip I took up Connor and Osa. Yeah. I needed the pigs to ride. Didn't, I'm not gonna go to the UK and fucking not be picked. You know, pigs choose a best friend. I saw this on my, that's very nice Instagram algorithm. Yeah. They choose a best friend and they'll have sleepovers with them.


What? Yeah. They are super smart. Yeah. I feel bad about eating bacon every time I see those like pig pet Instagram videos. Yeah. I'm like, fuck. It is kind of like eating a dog. They're great Guys. Yeah, they're awesome. I had, we had a pig when I was growing up. We had a little pig kicking around. What'd you do to it? Just chilled. It used actually, they're very sexual by the way. It used to hump. We had like an exercise ball. Yeah, dude. We had an exercise ball. We threw it in the pen and it just like, for real in front of all of us just humped it and jizzed all over it. And we were all like, Damn, dogs are like, dog dogs are the same. They're just very like, it's almost like, aren't you embarrassed like a dog just fucking hump your leg. And cu like, dude. Oh Yeah, you jack off on airplanes. Not In front of anybody.


Imagine your loved ones. Were like, that's just like jacking off in front of your family. Just coming on the couch. I mean, dude, that's exactly what you would do on an airplane with no societal training. If you saw like a hot flight attendant, you would just go up to her and just start being like, no. All right. Fucking okay. It's like walk back, maybe be like, Come On. And then just like fight you just fight your dad on the play. The Dog really Do go sleep by yourself in the corner. Yeah. Dogs do growl a little bit. When they fuck Do they really? Yeah. They bite the back of the other dog's. I seen That. Sharp. Look. Dogs Can be hot. Little shaha. Shannon Charette.


How was the uk? It was awesome. It was nice. It was nice. Yeah. It was fucking great. But we went to the UFC fight on Saturday. Oh. Didn't know there's one Out there. Yeah. It was in the same, i I was doing the same room the next night. What? It was great. But I was, we were sitting there and I was, we were up close. My, the chair next to me had Jared Leto on it and I was waiting the whole time. I was like, damn, Jared Leto was about to sit next to me. This is gonna be crazy over fucking talk to him about thin red light. He just never showed up. I was, what, what? But it was nice. A guy from Philly beat the fuck outta Leon Edwards. That's sick. Yeah. Sean Brady and the entire, anytime he had him ground and pound. 'cause the whole, it was in London, so everyone's cheering for Leon anytime the whole time it was ground and pounding.


Brady was just fucking destroying him. And I was just sitting there going go Birds gay. They, I haven't watched it back, But you have to be able to hear it. Y That's awesome. And then after he won, he was like, All right, Thank You. Got so much Go Birds. They played me Edward Edward's. It was just the nicest moment. That's awesome. Yeah, He beat Leon Edward's ass. Fucked Him up. Dang. Yeah, it was crazy. I got to meet Louis Thoreau. He was with us. That was awesome. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That dude rules. Yeah. He ruled Might be one of the best investigative Yeah. Documentarians were ever, ever. Yeah. He was the fucking man Ever to motherfucking do it. Dennis, where the, where The fuck is that? No alligator came and hung out at the London show from Oasis.


Oh really? Yeah. He's the fucking man. Yeah, it was, it was crazy. Yeah. I've, I've like, apparently there's a lot of like drama with that whole band. I didn't know Oasis. Yeah. Apparently I I could be wrong, but I've never watching something On it. Yeah. Been together in 16 years. Yeah. I mean that story might be more famous than any song they've ever made. Yeah. Yeah. The fact that the Gallagher brothers hate each other. Yeah. Some bullshit. They're not gotta watch Fucking White happened Them maybe Liam jerked him off and they watch white. I mean, yeah, sure. Would you like a wink? How about I did that on stage. That's funny because I was talking about jacking off and I was like, oh yeah, you got, how about I an old winek? It was nice. That is the funniest way to Say it.


Dublin. I was talking about black people in Dublin boot. What? It was so funny. When's Conor McGregor gonna become the president of Ireland? They hated him. Did they? I was shocked how much they hated him. Really? He's a piece of shit. He's, he's, he's a, he's one the top pigs. He's one of the top pigs all the time. He's a huge pig. He's one of the all top pigs. Oh yeah, dude. I mean, dude Rape is a very big S the pig. It's one of The Biggest Pig qualit top of the pigs. And he got for sure busted. I thought, see, I thought it was allegations until the people that were in Dublin were pretty confident. Oh no. I think he lost and yeah, I heard he lost the case. Damn.


And then he like punched some old guy at a bar one time. Dude, if you just like, if you, he Pig dude. Classic. He's a real pig. Like he did pig pig. He's an Yeah dude. Beating up old people. Pig behavior pig. He like morphed his entire physical. Yeah. His being just morphed in like a year from picking out. But also like, if an old guy's talking shit to you at a bar, at what point do you punch him? There's a moment where you're like, yo fuck this dude. I'm gonna just beat this old guy's ass. Yeah. I'll be honest. I I wouldn't mind whooping the hell out of an old man every now and again, I'll be honest, bro. Just his bones are breaking. They're all brittle. Yeah. Yeah. I I, yeah. You can only take so much. But I mean, as a UFC fighter Yeah. You can't beat up an old man.


Well, The guy, he tried to buy the old guy, he was like hammering on Coke. He tried to buy him a, a drink and the old guy was like, I don't want a drink. And he was just offended that he wouldn't take his drink. So then he punched him That's own Though. It his own whiskey. Like people Hate his whiskey 12. He was, that guy was like, fuck that. Yeah. I mean that's, that's a, that's setting yourself up for his people. If you, if you're like a rich guy who's starting a whiskey company in Ireland ever, everyone there is gonna be like, I don't want you fucking whiskey. It's terrible. Piss getting out. That's just a recipe for a giant Irish spaz That much whiskey I've ever had in any life. Don't talk about me whiskey that, how dare you talk about me. Whiskey No, Ireland.


I mean, every, every place over there. London's fucking great. Yeah. Dublin rules. Yeah. It was awesome. Yeah. I, I just, I can't get over it. They, everyone, American outlets should be universal across The world. Everything over there. Why they do that, every other country on earth does suck and going to it's fun while you're there. But then just little things that are different for no reason. They, the water, they never give you water. You can't get water. They, there's no ice for some reason. Yeah. That's fucked up. Ice is a delicacy there. They literally, wait, I got the hotel room service knocked on my door and I was like, what's up? And they're like, ice. It was just a fucking tray of ice. I was like, no Bro, are you serious?


What The fuck's going on? Why are they so anti ice over there? They Hate ice and they hate air conditioning. I'm say ice is a low tea thing though. I said no. Yeah, but where is it? You should have it true. You have Room temperature, water Room temperature, water Room temperature water. That's what I drink. See my brew up there sitting out love room temp. That's My favorite thing. Yeah. I'm big room temp water. But if a country's being like, we don't really do ice, I'm gonna be like, that's Fucked up. Yeah. It's stupid. Yeah. Bring some ice up. Air conditioning they despise. That's weird. Yeah. It's the light switches. Nothing. Make sense? Make sense? Yeah. They have like chaos. They have like turn dials and sideways light switches. Yeah. They need, they need to put their pride aside and realize America figured out.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean electrical, we have, we have the best plugs. Best no doubt. Plugs rules, Bro. Their plugs have like voltage limits on them. Yeah. You can't plug in. Your plugs are like, It's outta control. A weird wonky like alien shape. It's embarrassing for I am. I'm embarrassed for the rest of the world. Yeah. And they're domestic electrical appliances. They're 50 50 on deodorant. No ac, there's never air circulate. They, I don't think there's a ceiling fan in Europe. They Don't have fucking lights in this alien either. It's all lamps and shit. I can get down with lambs. I do like lambs,


guys. You're never gonna believe it. But this episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. Call of duty war zone fans. The wait is finally only finally over for dance is back on April 3rd. You heard that right? The iconic map we all know and love is returning to Call of Duty War zone. Matt, why don't you take it from there? Experience all the chaos and relive the thrill you've been missing. Oh, I've been missing it. It's the return of the map that started it all. All fan favorites. POIs. Oh yeah. Like superstore Prison damn stadium and more. I love a good POI visit. Visit beloved drop zones and familiar terrain and check out the visual and gameplay enhancements that add new dimension, new dimensions for dance. Bring iconic Talk about the iconic weapons. Dude, Let's bring in the iconic weapons and gameplay features. Call of Duty War Zone will offer the ultimate battle royale experience for new players and veterans alike. Whether dropping Intover dance for the first time or revisiting all those long missed to drop zones for dance gets something for every player. Gather your squad and get ready for intense 150 battle player battles, iconic landmarks and hard pumping moments that would keep you coming back for more. Get ready for the action. This is the moment we've all been waiting for. It's gotta be epic Plus don't, don't you dare miss out on all the incredible rewards during the return to red dance event. Download, call of Duty, war zone for free and drop into her dance on April 3rd. Rated M four Mature.


Yeah. I actually, I got shocked recently. We bought shock pads for our couch for the dog. Dude, I got fucking rocked trying to pick those things off the couch. Oh, I thought you sat on it. No, No, no, no. I was, I was trying to roll 'em up and I hit the power button once Think you'd think like if you hit the power button, the thing turns the fuck off. Yeah. All it does is, so they give you a thing saying how many times the animal attempted to touch it, which apparently one day, I don't know if this is right, but it said 23. Is It Jackson? Matilda. Oh man. Matilda was, and now she sleeps like on the other side of the entire, she doesn't even go there. These Are like pads that pads electrical shocks If your animals try to go on the couch. And I always, whenever I'm going out a punishment, I do like to try to like see what's up. So I look, I touched it, nothing. I'm like, man, I was kinda like pussy touching it. Like, no, this is not on.


And then I thought I turned it off and picked it up and I was like, wow. Wow. It fucking rocked me. Now you're shitting everywhere. You hit your tongue dude. And then I like button the game. Now you're afraid of the couch. It got me three times. What? Yeah, dude, because I kept trying to like hit the buttons. I'm like, it's gotta be off. And I would like start picking it up and just crush me. Gotta hold the button down. Did three times. Yeah. Dude, it fucking rocked me. I had three attempts on the meter. Too much mocking on the brain, bro. You took too many supplements. You can't get, You get Shocked three times. It's on you. I know. That was, that was my bad. But I also was just like, cow hard. Can this thing be i'll just, it was just, I got a little buzz. I was like, whatever.


Second, once I gripped it, it was like, I was like, damn, how's Your cut? Does it heal up? Fully healed. Oh, nice. Fully healed. That's the supplements. That's The subs, bro. I would've been scarred for three more years. Really? Yeah. Nah, that's the subs. I also swam for an hour today. I did one hour. That's crazy. It was, I've never swam that long. Yeah. You get into an actual flow state with swimming might be Well, you like just kept on doing laps. I, I took breaks, don't get me wrong. I took breaks and I, I did, I did my aqua aerobics in between. So I would like run, go back and forth, which is, I just, people were sitting on their decks outside this morning. I was watch people get up and, I mean, Because I'm not a good swimmer. Good for you. Like flash, flash, flash, flash so hard.


Yeah. But dude, once the first 20 were rough. Once I got into like minute 30 and I, I can't do free, like I can only do this one. I was doing just a slow continuous like brush stroke. Dude. The one point I did do like, it's only like probably 25 meters, maybe back and forth or whatever. But the, when I did like 10 like this, up, down, up, down, up, down, you get into a flow state where you just feel like a fucking crocodile Dude, it's awesome. I was in the water just gliding through the, and slow dude. I was moving very slow. Yeah. Just gliding through and I was like, dude, I gotta start doing this right alone. Just with Your thoughts. Just myself. You can't, no music. You can't, you can barely hear anything. And like when you, when you can't like keep going, you start going underwater.


Like it fucking obviously. Yeah. It sucks. So you're like, you have this weird like primordial panic kind of fueling you the whole, especially when you're really tired and you're like, I gotta make it to the other side. You know? Like, I would die if this is a real life. I can't swim two laps. I, dude, I'm telling you, I Could run, I could run for like four or five miles pretty easily, but I can't swim for Shit. It's totally different, dude. It's crazy. It's crazy. Yeah. It's so fucking hard. Yeah. I tried doing backs. I was doing all the strokes too. I was doing butt back stroke's. Tough backstrokes. Impossible to turn. Not that's, you got That butt. How do you see where You're going? So much drag. You can't see where you're Going. You can't see where you're going. How you gonna do that? You gotta check the markers on the True I might on the pool, I might set out some markers. Yeah. It's like a nice, that's how you do it.


Yeah. I was sure. I was just looking at the pool like by my feet and be like, All right, I'm that far away. And then towards the end I would just do a Little, yeah, you gotta stick your hands up. I was trying to invent new strokes too. That was tough. That's tough. I came up with one where I just, just, it was just a feet kick and I just go Like a platypus. That's not very useful. Yeah. Swimming is where it's at. 'cause my, the only reason I'm doing it, my left knee's been fucked up So I had to, I had to take it to the water. Of Course. Take it back to the source. Dude. Heal Up. Yeah. You might be a seal. Dude, I, for real fell. I, it's, it's hard to explain when you an hour And, and again, I was taking plenty of breaks, So I can't swim continuously for an hour.


But like when I got on my nice stretches, it's my maybe the best feeling ever. So check it out. Hell yeah. I don't know what it does for the tea, but It's gotta help the tea. I would, I would hope so. It's gotta help thet. I don't know why I'm, I'm trying to get like hard ass bone too. I'm like, what am I doing? Like I've been ripping these like, fly flight Dude. I mean rock. Rock hard For a month, don't I? Every now and again, what happens to me on a flight, if I had been drinking the night before, I'll get like devilishly horny on a plane. Yeah. Devilishly. Yeah. Yeah. I was with Oasis the night before in the O2 arena.


Yeah. Damn. Had a couple drinks. All of just the one Oasis. Just the one they, they're never together. That's fucked, man. Yeah. But they're going back on tour. What? Yeah. Hell freezes over for Oasis. Yes. They're coming back. Dude, I'm excited for that dude. Boy told a brother's just slip into Wonder Wall. They're gonna look at each other and be like, I'm sorry brother. I was being a bit about calling wasn't on. It's gonna Be, it's gonna be awesome. Maybe. Or He invited me. He invited me to go. He was like, bring whoever you want. Damn. They're, they're gonna do MetLife Soldier Field in the Rose Bowl, sick in the United States. Sick. And then they're gonna do Mexico City. And I was like, maybe I'll do Mexico City.


Mexico City would be tight. Yeah. It's a bunch of Mexican Oasis fans. It's hilarious. Probably A lot of Mexican Oasis fans. Yeah. I would've to imagine Oasis would hit the lads pretty hard. Yeah. Well, who's gonna build the Wonder Wall? Come on folks. Come on folks. I was working on that. What? Yeah. And I Was like, it's too, It's too bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Yeah. Thought about it. Thought About it. I was like, they Might get scared of Wonder Wall. They're a very dreamy bunch of the lads. They are. They're very dreamy. I can see 'em getting down with some oasis for sure. What do you think The Latinos, No Mexicans specifically Puerto Ricans I think would hate Oasis if, I guess Puerto Eses would angry and try to fight Oasis.


What other hits they had? They had Wonderwall Champagne. Supernova. Champagne. Supernova Crush Called Don't Look Back In. True. That one album was just banger after banger. Yeah. What's is the, what's the story is the name of the album? Yeah. Yeah. It's gotta piss you off of your oasis. And then you're like, get in a fight with your brother and then Coldplay comes outta nowhere. You like, dude, we could have been Coldplay. Yeah. Bigger than Coldplay. Way bigger play probably. They probably fucking Can't Stand. They were like the new Beatles, like for a very long Time. They were crushing it. And I mean they still, you know, their hits were Both and they're both hilarious. Are they really? Watch any clip of them getting interviewed. They're the funniest. That's sick. One of 'em. I forget which brother it was, but there's one. They're like, how do you deal with hangovers? He is like straight back to the pub, no questions asked. Don't dwell on it.


Like, fuck yeah. Dude.


Nordstrom brings you the season's most wanted brands. Skims, mango Free people, and Princess Poly all under $100. From trending sneakers to Beauty Must-Haves, we've curated the styles you'll wear on repeat this spring. Free shipping, free returns, and in-store pickup. Make it easier than ever. Shop now in stores and@nordstrom.com.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying. No judgements, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment. Anyway, give it a try At mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra sifu terms@mintmobile.com.


Coldplay, if you listen to coldplay's new albums, it's like they're, it's insane. Dude. What Are they up to? It. It's, you can't, I can't even put it into words. Yeah, it it would be like for real if like it's probably like AI if the stock market made music. Exactly. Yeah. It is very AI ish. Some of the songs are just emojis. It's just like the world. World Emojis. One of the songs. It's What do you mean? Like for the song title on Spotify? There's no words. It's just like a globe emoji. Fuck them. Fuck them. Dude. I like sat down and I was like, let me see what they're up to. And I try to get into their latest album and I'm like, bro, this is insane. But it's like genius from a perspective of like, if you're trying to gather a ton of like 17 year olds or whatever.


And I am, hold on, what are we talking about here? Dude, I was, I can't get over the, I was listening to, I was in the, obviously I was in the car with my wife and I was listening to, not that Innocent, that song by Britney. I did it again by Britney Spears. Yeah, that's a tough One. That came on and I was just like, dude, hey. She didn't write this. There were definitely adults writing Yeah. Those songs for children. And that was the craziest period of just the thing about like, we took so many kids. Beauty came out, I just watched American Beauty for the first time. I never saw it. It's on the flight. Oh, it's such's fucking hilarious. It's Awesome. It's a great movie. It did make the boners a little uncomfortable. Oh yeah. True. Yeah. All these hot teens. It's a hot, yeah.


High school kid. Constantly Negative. Well also like that's the, with whatever Thra Birch, she's actually underage and does that nude scene. Her parents signed off on a nude scene. Who? Which One? Thra Birch One with the big Tits. I didn't Know that. The daughter or the other lady? The daughter. So when she's showing Surprising Kevin Spacey be involved in something like that. But she was like 16 when they filmed it and they film the nude scene with a 16-year-old girl. That's the, that's called a loophole. Folks that getting The permission slip, field trip, permission slip. You get to just watch child porn in American beauty. 'cause it's art. I was watching on the plane with a fucking boner. Yeah, but here's the thing, Shane, you already had a boner. If I was your lawyer, I would say if it pulsed, did it pulse?


That's your business. Did not pulse. Don't disclose that. You, we can talk about that. That's confidential lawyer. That's lawyer. That's Lawyer. Client. Confidentiality. Hold on a second. I have to talk to my attorney. S like crazy. I like to ask for a brief recess That's Covering your face. Oh yeah. Fucking crazy. Oh Fuck. Argument. I'd like to have that thrown out. Your honor. Objection.


Tinted pulse. Yeah, that's all that matters. You get a boner. The pulses are, that's your, and even that I, you could argue, I could argue a pulse too. I could stand in front of the good people and argue a pulse. But guys, yeah, that could be anything. It could have been anything. It'll glitch for the Twich. Not that 16 year old's rocking T on there. Her huge, her huge bare breasts. They were covered in flowers. That was the one thing the movie did. Didn't they cover? No, no, no. That was Ari other girl. The other girl shows her boobs. You do know these names. What? True? Hey, I can't believe you know the daughter from American Beauty's name. Dang this turned into a pet. Hunter Ari, oral BI don't know any of the heard that name In.


I know a single adult's name in that movie. That's a crazy deep guy too. No, Thra Birch. Yeah. How do you not know her name? Who's the girl from Fast Hunting? Mina Sari. You're the Onet guy. You have high tea, bro. Yeah, dude. What are you talking About? You know the names of these? I'm pretty sure Mina Sari was an adult in that movie. Like she Fucking Better Event. What about Birch? What? What are some other movies? You enjoyed her? Yeah. I don't know. I Don't know. I can't name a serial Who's Actress in that old Romeo and Juliet movie. Oh, I do. I love Her. If you know this, you're outta your fucking mind. Oh no, No. I got it. Fuck. I got it. I really have this. She just died. What? Yeah. Yeah. That's, I know about this. I didn't know about this. Yeah, she was like 16 as well. This was another cp.


Yeah, they just filmed. They filmed. They Filmed. Was that Leo too? Was it the Leo? No, no. That was fucking flat chested Claire Day. And show those little shitty titties in your mind. What was that? Julia should have an Mr. Celeb or was that dude what's, What's her fucking name dude? Oh, my Website. Gimme the first letter. Fuck. I don't know. Olivia. Olivia. Last name. Olivia Hussey. I, she got a slutty name. Am supposed you're gonna get punch At Top Pigs. Dude, You gonna get punch here at Walmart. Dude. All time. Top Pigs. You want get caught at all? Olivia Hussy? Yeah. Hell yeah dude. Because I, when I was, I was in high school, they showed us that and we were all just like, what? She was so hot.


What happened in that one? They Just showed like they had a ancy. They also showed that guy's butt the Romeo's butt. I never saw it. He had a sweet rocking ass. Romeo's ass was fucking delightful. We should get more. Yeah, there should be In High school. I saw that. We were like Lusting after this girl when The last time you saw High school was fair. I we, I mean we think we watched it on Legion of Skanks. We looked it Up. It's not illegal. That's where I Saw this looked. It's not illegal. Yeah. What To watch it now If it's in a movie. If it's in a movie, yeah. I might have been in the room. I might have that up the room. You might. That's why I'm like, where do I remember this from? Yeah, But you don't see, like you do only see rocking asses from men on tv. We gotta start Nice dog butt on one of those Guys, man. Well, yeah. Nobody's showing their like, dude my ass.


I feel bad. Like I get naked in the locker room now with my little pud and my fucking flabby ass. It's so funny. I just do it to make everyone else uncomfortable. 'cause the Only everyone else in the locker room has a flappy Fucking no, everyone in the locker room has, if you're showing your ass and your dick, it's 'cause you have a nice ass and nice dick. The other guys put a towel around themselves, take their underwear down underneath the towel. I don't do that anymore. You just rip it. Yeah, I rip it. That's Nice. That's good. It's pretty Sick. It's important. Yeah. I'm at that age where I feel good naked in a locker room around other men. Yeah, I was thinking of that today. They're like, dude, gay dudes rules for them. They used to go to a locker room and just see all these hot dudes with their cocks out. Like that's one. They should have their own locker room. Nothing hateful there. I'm just saying they should put gays in locker, Locker room.


It's crazy. Gotta give. They deserve that perk in life. Yeah. All the bullying, all this stuff. They gotta, they gotta peep your dog. Yeah. It's only fair. Speaking of gay guys, I watched this documentary on the Joplin tornado. What happened with that thing? It's just a giant F five tornado that ripped through the middle of the town and killed like 160 people. Damn. But they filmed this documentary. Every person that was in it was gay. What? They interviewed like three different people that were clearly gay. One of them was a young boy newscaster from San Diego that wanted to be a meteorologist. And he was corresponding with an adult meteorologist from Joplin.


They had a little thing going on. He was like, I'll tell you what, we usually get crazy storms in May if you wanna come by. No. And then the mom was like, I'm coming with you. What the fuck? So I think that guy might have been caught at Walmart by the mom, but then had to be like, nah, it's just a storm. I don't know. Storm chaser. But then he, the kid happened to be there when the most devastating what storm ever happened. Was his mommy there too? Mom was there. Damn. They made it out. They were All right. Thank God. But if you Get killed by a tornado Also. Thank God he didn't get out. That's Crazy. Watch the documentary. You, you can get rocked by the way. No. Oh dude. You serious bro. You go into a basement, you're fine. How didn't the house falls on you? I don't understand how That works. The biggest tornado, The house gets lifted up. Biggest tornado ever.


They got fucking killed. True. I don't believe it. It was fucking rocky so hard. Dude. They Were trying to drive away Any natural disasters. I just don't buy, I was in a, a hurricane. They were trying to drive away from it. They, one group was getting chased by it. One of the dudes got sucked outta the sunroof. Who? The kid who went over there to hang The old man? No, no, no. He made it. But it was a different kid that, you know, it was Did he get pulled outta the Sunroof of a Car? I keep calling them all gay. Yes. He got launched out. I mean, that's kind of sick. That's a, yeah. That's a great way to die If you gotta die. Well, yeah. No, Apparently it fucking hurts. 'cause it's all debris. You're just getting hit by glass and dirt that's going 300 miles an hour. These cows Hitting the fucking gym. You're getting hit by the worst shit ever.


Entire Houses flying. Yeah Dude, You gotta Watch. It's An old lady on a bike. Just fucking hitch you in the side of the head. I, Yeah, I For just thought you got launched like super high and fell. I didn't realize all the debris would fucking chill. The debris just hurts. Yeah. Sting bro. The ones getting Pegged by debris. You Get so much dust in, if you get so much dust in your eye, it be 600 feet up. Like God damnit Wait To you hear this because it ripped through all this old dead soil and dead vegetation. It had fungus in the air that was like a flesh eating fungus that got into people and killed a bunch of people. Oh no. Yeah, it was, it was. They had A flesh eating fungus in their dirt. Everyone does. That sucks. Yeah. How you thinking about your garden?


Yeah, I mean I saw that. I've Been playing. I saw that face. I've been playing it fast and loose with my hands in the Garden. I just add another roll poll to my garden today. Dude. You added it. I find 'em. I find 'em walking around. I keep em my hand toss in my garden. That's nice. What do they do? They're just good. They, they break stuff down, eat other pests. Nice. Very beneficial for gardens. But yeah, it's, I didn't know that I was fucking with roll pullies my whole life. So yeah. Everyone, they were Just watching those fuckers when I find 'em. Everyone fucked those things up. Watch It roll up And you go Toss 'em. Yeah, we used to. Yeah, it was like fine. I used to tear the legs off of daddy. Long leg spiders. Yeah. And the legs still twitch. It's just A little fucking ball.


Legs or the legs. I'd love to Condemn you, but I've seen a couple of those legs come off and keep moving. Yeah. And they just keep, yeah. It's pretty sick. Yeah. Damn. So you turn it into just a fucking head. Just a into a, just a daddy. Just a regular daddy. Yeah. That must be crazy. Just be a fucking legless daddy long leg. Trying to like interpret the world and just sitting there like gotta be terrifying. Yeah. Sucks. Poor guy. But yeah, we used to do stuff like that. Frogs, all that shit. Yeah. I never did anything. A handful of like bugs. I would torture but not really even torture. I mean I guess it's torture if you're tearing all of its limbs Off limbs.


Yeah. Yeah. It's literally a medieval. Do you think it hurts form torture. They did that to William Wallace Did That to his daddy. Long leg. Say mercy. We fucking, yeah, but did they, did it hurt them? Well, here's the thing, because they say they don't have the pain receptors, but even if it doesn't hurt, it's still gotta be experienced as a giant inconvenience. Yeah. Yeah. Do you just be like, you know, on your P's and Qs trying to munch some ants and all of a sudden you just, all your legs have been ripped off. You're Just rolling. Yeah. Not even rolling. They can't even roll it at that point. They just, yeah. Kind of just a disc. Yeah. They're just like a little observation point. They're just Until they die. Yeah. Probably quickly. Yeah. Yeah. It's probably sweet for birds. Do they grow their legs back?


No. Not like Worms might have. They grew their legs Back. Worms can do some weird stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. But no, I don't think a daddy long leg spawns the legs. I don't think they could survive the like period of growing new legs. You know? Crabs do what? You ever watch 'em rip off their claw? No. Yeah, They'll rip off their own arms. They Get bigger better? Yeah. Shit. They'll take its one fucking claw and just go, What the fuck? Just sit there. Crabs Are, I'm remember that You ever watching moose shed their and deer and shit? Shed shed Their antler. I've seen them scrape their shit on their head. It's hilarious. That is pretty safe. They're just standing there and they go like this and both their antlers fall off and they get scared. Oh shit.


They just take Off. I've never seen 'em knock 'em off. I've just seen them just like, scratch 'em. No. They'll fucking literally just shake their head and their antlers fall off and damn they take off. It's pretty fun. That is pretty tight. Anyway, that should probably be the end of the episode. They get the bigger betters. How are we doing? Oh, I thought we were, I thought we were well past. Nevermind. I was gonna switch over. I know you guys have, I know you have to get to your Mr. Beast. Yeah. Interview. I gotta interview with Mr. Beas, Mr. Beast himself interviewing me. That'd cool. I Hope you Get that. That'd be great. We'll see, He did kill Tony with me and Matt. Oh, did really? He'd give you a little inside. Get me On dude. I'll try to help. Get me on. I, that would be the best Talk to Mr. Be It'd Would the best. It would also add a lot of viewers. I promise that otherwise be actually your viewers.


Yeah. No, they don't want my viewers. No. Yeah, true. You'd be in the middle of taping. They'd be like actually taking you off. Nah, I Hope you get that luck If you stop naming underage girls that have been naked in movies. S like What? I'm just saying, It's not your fault they were in the movie. Yeah. It's not my fault. I'm sorry that I'm a movie Duff. You Didn't Duff. Yeah. Yeah. You're just a consumer. Yeah. You didn't do it. That is crazy. To be a direct, like what, what trophy are you going at? Like, you don't need it. And you could totally Bros. Totally fine until after American Beauty. It made it that far. Yeah. I think it is the last, the last one where they put a child. Yeah, true. A naked child in the movie.


That is true. You know, we, we, yeah. At that time we definitely were like parading kids around and like putting my makeup and makeup. Yeah. We remember Like Brook Shields in fucking, what was it? The Blue Lagoon? No, I, dude, I, when I was a kid, I would beat my dick until it was fucking, I mean until it was in pain to that movie. And I believe she was a genuine child. How old was Brooke Shields in Blue Lagoon? She had to be a like 14, right? Yeah. Maybe. All right. La Mer s like, oh yeah. 14. Right. I've Heard, I feel like I, I feel like I heard of this movie when I was younger. Like my older brothers would talk about this, but I don't remember. Yeah, it was like a brother and sister old was also also that kid's ass was Sweet and Blue Lagoon 14. Nailed La Ma Boy Dang la Mare.


That's even worse. Blue Mare. One of the all time pigs. Yeah, dude, they just, it, it was basically, What was she doing in the Blue Lagoon? It was her, it was her brother and her were shipwrecked and then they were like on an island and just, they were both just naked the whole time and they started banging and that's the whole movie. Her brother, it is just a straight up child porn movie. Incest Child porn too. Yeah. I believe that was the premise of it. I don't ever past The Lagoon. It's the Blue Lagoon. Oh, they're cousins. They were Cousins. He had a sweet ass. I remember. Hold on Your Honor.


And they couldn't get off the island And then they waited as long as I could. Damn. They had to re, they had to repopulate the island with Southerners. Yeah, dude, they start, they start banging into, I guess Korea society. I have no idea. I dunno if they ever get rescued. I remember just seeing it as a kid being like, she's so beautiful. I mean, yeah. That's a wretched thing to put onto a kid's like mind being like, and then this guy gets stuck with his cousin on an island. They have sex. You're 14 And you're like, I know exactly what cousin He started Getting. I know exactly which cousin I'm thinking of Bob.


I'd like to do a carnival cruise. We Don't see each other as a family. Every time that Boat rocks, you're like, this Is it. This Is, it does Say, it says online that she did, they did use a body double for the nude scene. Oh man. Ve been jacking off to the wrong scene. No, I've been jacking off to an adult. Not for the boy though. Just for her. Okay. We wear bad. The boy was 18 and it's suddenly awesome again. Damn. Shout to that kid. That boy he got to, He was 18, dude. Sweet ass. Chris Atkins. His name was Chris Atkins.


Chris Kins. I know that. Did you just Know that? No, I was just like, okay, I know who Christopher Atkins is. Lemme take a look at this movie. Also as, as a casting purpose. Casting director's gotta be crazy to be like, we're trying to have someone who could pass as a naked 14-year-old girl and then they got to, that might be the ultimate transcendent pig who got to go Through, oh man, this is child porn. Lemme, It's straight up child porn dude's Crazy. What the fuck? That's the, Oh see dude, I'm just looking at the Oh, like the cover, like posters for the movie. Yeah. Looks like they remade it. No, in 2012, blue Lagoon, the Awakening with Adults, probably two 40-year-old fat lesbians, Eric Brass and Mikel Solomon were the directors and put those boys on the list with the rem, you know?


Yeah. They remade it. Oh, You know how many times you have to watch the original movie to remake it? Yeah. That's nuts to remake, to be like, like let's run that one back. Yeah. Although Romeo and Juliet, technically they were probably like 12 In the original story. Maybe that was when people, back then, dude, Shakespeare Times. That's when you'd have a baby. Yeah, yeah. True. Married. Have a baby. No, That's fair. It was life expectancy of like 25, so Yeah, no, that's true. I'm not gonna put that on them. It is weird though that every, every, like a lot of women's shows are centered around high school romance.


That's true. Yeah. So that was that. What was that show on HBO now with Zenia Euphoria. Yeah, Euphoria. But even before that, all those like soapy WB things. Yeah, they're all like high school things that like a lot of like adult women would watch and it just, it's like high school. There's like making out and simulating sex scenes. So, well That was like that movie. It follows rock. It's about high school Kids Rock. Did you see it Follows. I love that movie. It was pretty sick. Yeah. It's a fucking horror movie about an S std. Like, yeah. I'll tell you what, get Me Gets me going. Stranger Things shows hot as hell. Yeah. It follows is pretty wild though. It's actually, it's the first time I was like scared in a movie in a long time.


Yeah. Really? It was creepy. That's the one where the, you've seen it follows. I've never seen it. There's A scene where the, the thing that it follows just turns into Pedro looks exactly like Pedro Salinas. Really? It's so funny. I I've never seen that. Oh, it was me and Beard. Okay. Loved That fucking movie. Was that a Stephen King? No. You think of it True? No, he did a new movie. Oh, he did a new show that was on HBO like five years ago. Yeah. Yeah. That was, But a guy who was like the same place in two places. It was kind of like the Stranger or some shit. The outsider. Yeah. Was the That's what it was. Shit was great. The outsider. Yeah. Where an hour? Hell yeah. Lets go. Let's go straight into the Patreon. Yeah. We've got plenty more incredible stories for you for sure.


Lewis is gonna give us more tips on kid nudity, movies.