
Hey, we're here. Welcome to the motherfucking podcast, John del Kalo. Michael Rainey. And James Matea, boys. A KB Lil. Stinkers. What Out dog? Thank you for having us dude. Thanks for coming and doing this, man. Sorry to get all Walter Walter Cronkite on you with my sig, dude. But it's, It's a natural progression for you, brother. You know, It's a good look. I'm, dude, I'm so happy I found these things, man. They're a little, like I was telling you guys, they're low. TH I've tr It's George Washington weed. It's not just CBD. There's, it's like a, it'd be like seven or five. They might be five. It's like five and then it's like 8% THC. They're like little George It is my George Washington weed. Man. You smoke it. You just think about the constitution. Nothing crazy. You're like, yeah dude, we should probably, you get just high enough to be like, is slavery Good, bad?


I think I'd be kind of fucked up. People like, dude, what are you smoking, bro? Are you high? It's about time. The tables have turned. Yeah. These are the anti Newports. Yeah, I'm, well, I'm a big propo. Like some of the weed now is like 45%. You're like, yeah, fucking get to like smoking like crack. Yeah, exactly. It's like I'm good on that. Yeah. Now I'm gonna be able to make eye contact with my family until Thanksgiving. Yeah. So you guys are in Austin. Oh, baby. For the Week. Yeah, we're living it up. Gouts already flaring back up to Oh yeah. Yeah. Are Are you guys all ged? He hasn't been yet, which I am not of all of us. It is funny. It's like the online goed thing. It's like ged. So you're not ged dude. No, I, God's cruelest trick is that we got it And.


he didn't, it's Unbelievable. Lucky I kind of resent you for this. Like, if, if there was a gout pool amongst the three of us. Yeah. I mean I'm, Yeah. I'm sea biscuit of gout. So what, what, how does, isn't gout like a lactic acid build up in your toe? Or It's uric acid. Uric acid. That's what it was. Crystallizes And typically goes to the lowest extremity. He had it in his ankle. I had in my penis first. 'cause that you had gout In your penis. Yes. Did you get any gain? Did you get gains at all? No, man. So wait, Did it hurt all the time or just when you got hard? No, it was nuts, man. Well, no, I didn't have it on my teeth, but I initially like, I thought it Was because dude, I'll believe anything right away. Right. Initially like I had it. Oh, you're saying lowest party body Jesus Christ, bro.


Maybe I gotta put the fucking George Washington way down, dude. I'm a bad boy mode. We had, we had fucking barbecue two days in a row, man. Oh man. Oh yeah. So when the gout starts popping up. Yeah Man, It just like, what do you, you get a, you get a little fi and you go, no, it's Not happening dude. I mean John jokes about like it's when God breaks your foot in the middle of the night. But it did feel like that because the day before, I thought it was, I was running suicides on the basketball court with my son and it was hot as shit. So I was like, it has to be related to this. Yeah. Whereas it was related to the hoagies that I've eaten every day for the past 90 days. Ah. So how many days do you have to like de gout yourself? You had good and gout it up? Dude, I was, I was gout heavy the end of June up until about two weeks ago.


It lasted a while. That's a crazy length of time. Yeah. I had it in Disney too, which was, yeah dude, that was my Jordan flu game. Going to Disney with fucking full on gout. It's like an STV though. They probably weren't alone, Right? Yeah. I gave it to my wife. It's like the Jeep wave of Disney World. You just wiggle your toot Waving from the rascal scooters. Just, Do you think it's an s st D kind of thing? Yeah. Like once you get it, you can't undo it. Right? I mean there's not, you eat better but pure. Yeah. If it happens to you, it's likely to happen again. I guess it's like shingles to chickenpox like it's in your body. Okay. Yeah. I feel you gotta fly straight forever. What's in your body though? Just the uric acid. Crystal.


The acid Grows up crystal. The crystals. Yeah. And it takes forever. Well, and some people it goes away within a couple days, but with other people who just continuously eat like they're fucking kids with dead parents, it will persist man. Yeah. The tiny gal trolls in your body. Yeah. How do you, how do you turn, what if you just didn't eat for two days? Would it go away or just You gotta, you Gotta flush it out. I eat cherries by the pound. Yeah. Cherries is a treatment. Cherry juice. It is a gout awareness podcast. Yeah. I wanna know. That's nice. Thank you to all the boys in the Gout subreddit for fucking saving the day. 'cause as soon As I got it, like I went, I had to go to urgent care 'cause I don't have fucking insurance. Yeah. And I went there, the lady's like, I think you got gout.


She's like, yeah, just take, it was an anti-inflammatory. Take this and you'll be fine and drink water. And I was like, all right, cool. And I just wasn't getting better and I was getting closer and closer to Disney. So I was like, oh, come on, please help me out baby. Please. I need something here. And yeah, I went on the gout subreddit And, they were more helpful than anybody else because people there were recommending all kinds of other treatments. Like there, there's a gout medication you could take, which I didn't end up taking, but I might resort to that if I get another flare Up. You don't just knock it right out. You Guys should try a muzzle So that you stop eating so much. Most people get it from drinking a lot. Says The fattest person And. he doesn't drink So. that must mean his fucking shitty food intake is worse than mine. What's, what's a day?


Run me through a day. What's a day Like? Now I will say this because I remember you said a while back if, if every meal that you taste good, every meal that you eat tastes good, you're gonna die. So I Do the opposite of that dude. Yeah. Everything I ate, dude. I eat like every meal is a Roman orgy. Like today, I treated myself well. I treat myself every meal. But I treated myself too a bagel with extra sharp cheese with fried eggs and a little bit of leftover sausage from, from Terry Black's. It's pretty good. So that's my starter. And I'm sure we're gonna get Mexican at some point today. Yeah. And then at nighttime I got these Mickey Mouse goldfish crackers that I've really been snacking on. So what's setting off the G though?


Is it the meat? I never got a clear answer to this. G It is More than anything in my case. Like I, I live like down the street from a primo's hogie and that's one of my favorite Hogie. And like, I'll eat one of those four to five times a week. And that's a lot of processed meat. Yeah. Jesus primo's four times a week. I know, man. Yeah, dude, I, I mean, you know, it's like everywhere in Delco, everything is on the thickest bread. Yeah. Like you can't get away from it. Everything is so bad. Yeah. It is like the worst food on the planet, I think. Dude, it's outside of Philadelphia. Suburbs. Outside of Philadelphia is, has probably the most unhealthy food. Yeah. It's has dangerous. If You are in California, explain to people like Friday pizza night, they're like, what are you talking about? They don't understand. Like you, that's insane. Yeah. People are like, well you eat pizza every Friday night. Like, that's fucking crazy.


That's like, it's pizza night dude. I have to, yeah, it's custom. Dude. When I lived in California, I lost 50 pounds and I wasn't even trying to lose weight. It was just, there was no bread. Yeah. So it was just like, you know, fucking, I'd have like peanut butter and jellies from time to time. But like, besides that, like no sandwiches. Like anything we get on the East coast, we're so spoiled. You Know? That's where I gained weight. Did you really? I was following food trucks until they parked. I was, I had a problem. I was like getting there before the Guy. Yeah. Do food trucks have their own like Mr. Softy theme for each one? No, I'm just listening to the Mr. Softy theme in my car Pulling up. You gained weight in California. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I Was probably, was it depression? I ride skinny umprobably.


Weren't you depressed? Probably. Yeah. Did not like I got a vitamin D deficiency in the sunniest state in the fucking country. How is that possible? And never went outside. I stopped going outside unless it was, unless I saw a food truck. What did you do with that? On my app, smoked weed and then drove past an open mic, but was too high to get outta the car and actually sign up. Now I, I've Always wondered this about you because you went to California. You went to Hollywood, and was there ever any time where you considered making a living as an eye pervert? 'cause you have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen. Podcasting. Man, Dude, No one ever approached me about it. That's nuts. We have a Halloween decoration and I swear to God it's It is supposed to be a peeping tom. Like someone like looking into your eyes and I'll show you when I go to my house, It is bears resemblance?


Yeah. Yeah. It's got some, how do you Have such a creepy Christmas ornament? No, no, it's Halloween. Okay. It's for Halloween. Did I say Christmas? Yeah. Probably not. I might have said Christmas. Either way. George Washington has got me fucked up. I swear to God. It it looks, I'll show it when we go home. You'll see. It's, it's like nice. Yeah. He's crossing the Delaware For, I didn't think about it until till now. I was like, holy shit. It is, wait a second. He looked like the guy who looks into my window. I'm It is a decoration. Every time I walk by I'm, I'm gonna do, when I get your house, I'm gonna look in the window. It it's Into your own house. Yeah. It's A thing looking into your own house and you walk by, you're like, huh, You are like fucks that stupid fucking decoration. Turn over. Yeah. Yeah. But you want it to look. Yes, you're right. Maybe It is, People Are looking at the suction cup on the window as they, It it just, it should be for other people shouldn't it?


Yeah. Yeah. Your Blood pressure's gonna plummet. Now you turn This fucking thing around. So dude, you guys are here. Are you studying the rainy street river or what? What's going on? Are you more So We're gonna do some research on him. You're Sitting next to him, brother. Yeah. Dude, it's so cool that we do a true crime podcast and it's, it's not fat girl. True crime. It's fun. True crime. It It is kind of exhilarating that we go to a place where they have a ripper named after me. I know. It's Like, man, What an honor. Yeah. It's like, it's like Anthony Bourdain getting a dish named after him. True. Yeah. Well somebody had a theory we talked to yesterday said it's just people falling into the river. Is that Right? Yeah. Just like drunk college kids. Yeah. I know nothing about the like manion style falling into the scholl.


Yeah. But apparently there's never been but 13 in two years seems like a lot of fucking drunk frat guys to fall into the river. I Think It is up to like 20 now though. Damn. Whoa. My only theory is maybe it was the cat. Maybe dudes are hitting ketamine just being like, I gotta find water. I'm So thirsty. Yeah, true. They're not really good enough. I'm gonna drink the whole lake. I'm gonna go paddleboard. I'm gonna paddleboard out of this K hole. Yeah, you're right. It's not the cat. There goes that theory. None of these, it's a lot of, it's a lot of, they say it's a lot of gay guys. Yeah. Even though there's a few women, women who are gay men, women Can be pretty gay. Yeah. Women can be pretty gay sometimes women can Be gay men. It can be anything these days. Although that might be like the ideal afterlife is haunting a lake with a bunch of other gay dudes.


True. What is he wearing? Yeah. You're just, Nobody's coming outta the river with like a bullet in their head. Right? Like it's all just, are they choked? Any of them? I don't know the details. Belted around The neck. Very strange. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know the det, but I, I don't know. That's the, apparently though the number of people who have been found in this river, if I'm correct, have spiked. It's not, it's usually not as much. Am I right about that Josh? Three. Yeah. Four bodies recovered so far. I don't think that's a lot. I Thought it was like 20 people Over like a decade. Oh what? It is not a fucking murder.


He are dumb ass. Yeah. People just running, running away with the theory. Yeah. I thought this was 20 in one year. Yeah. It's just gay Dudes with bad balance. True. This true. I mean it's fucking hot as the goddamn sun here. Maybe they're just trying to cool off. Yeah. And then they realize once they're in too deep that they dunno how to swim. Yeah, that's classic. This Was like a classic way of suicide. In the thirties. You just jump in the river. If you wanted to kill yourself in the 1930s, you would just be like, ah. Before people learn how to swim. Yeah. You just toss yourself in the river. And you were Hitler how to crush on a girl when he was a teenage boy. And that's how he wanted to commit suicide together is by jumping off a bridge into the river together. He was making like suicide. Yeah. Romance pacs. Dude. He would, he would chill With his boy. They would walk around And, he would read poetry to his boy and then eventually a lady caught his eye and he's like, I'm in love and I, and I can never talk to her.


And then eventually he's like, he's just bringing her up constantly to his buddy who wrote a book about him and he's like, Yo, I wanna commit suicide with her by jumping off of a bridge into the water. Damn. He really was an artist. He really was A romantic Scene. It's a truly an artist at romantic. It is crazy for that guy. He would've been like a regular nerd. I feel like if Hitler was alive today, he would've been in like a normal nerd. It's Crazy for that to Just Jonathan Honey. Oh man. Come on man. Yeah. LaMere. Yeah. Manga Dugal. Yeah dude. I mean now this is, this is nothing man. People bring this up to me. I'm like, dude, enough about this. There's no fucking murderer. This is five 20 people. This has been within two years I suppose.


20. Yeah. 22, 23, 24. Although Dude, I don't know man. Dude, that's, it's Crazy. That's a great amount of people in in two Years. It's crazy that this is still open. But like the one guy jumped off the balcony at the Orlando airport that we talked about And. they closed the balconies at the entire airport. My Favorite airport and my favorite hotel. The Hyatt in the, in the fucking Orlando airport. They closed it off. 'cause a couple years ago, TSA agent finished his shift, then checked into the hotel, then jumped off the balcony onto the people waiting to, to go through Security. TSA. Yeah. Yeah. A bit of an artist himself as well. There There's a sort of like romance to that. Like just wanting to just destroy a line as a TSA agent being like, fuck these people.


I'm gonna just land on five of them. Yeah, I agree with you. But I would be more on board with him if he did it at the start of a shift. Do you Like True. Why'd you do it when you just finished? I don't know. Do you think on the way down something caught his eye? And he is like man laptop. Yeah, she was outta the bin. And. he was yelling And. he, god this is already stupid. I forgot to clock out Flat. Yeah. I mean I think it's considered he did it at the end because he, if he did it at the beginning of the shift, And, they would be down, there'd be even even longer line to get through TSA at least. Yeah. I don't know. You should a real loser's like, you're done man. Go home. They would've been like, we're having a, we need another guy to come here and frown next to a machine now get over Here back.


Yeah. Need somebody else to backhand kids balls. It's just like a Rudy Swan diving out the fucking hotel. That's Gotta be tantalizing though when you're on the ledge. Debating whether or not to jump into the airport vestibule and there's like a kid in a menu costume. It's like I could squish this menu. It's more fucking hard right now too. Moving target. Yeah. You'd have to like angle it too. Be like if I fall 9.8 meters fucking squared. Yeah. You'd have to look Mind. I know you fucked with velocity like that. Oh Yeah dude, that was the only thing I remember from physics. 9.8 meters per second squared. I think you speed of gravity. You always been a velocity guy. It's the speed of gravity actually. Jesus Christ. I think 9.8 meters per second squared is, yeah, it's the mount things accelerate. That's What you peak at if you're dropping outta a plane terminal velocity, Right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. That's velocity, right? I'm a velocity head I guess. Was it College physics or high school Physics. High school physics. Damn dude. Speed of gravity. Certified Velociraptor. Thank you brother. Yeah. You don't remember that from physics. Now I'm putting, the Only thing I remember from physics class, the guy, the teacher was like, don't drive fast in the rain. You'll slip on the leaves. That's all it was. That's all I learned that In at. Thats useful. Did your mom teach physics? Yeah. It sounds like it. This guy, Mr. Hasan. Fucking giant hair man. It's pretty Awesome. Dude. Our physics teacher in high school was like, he would sit down on the desk, not look up during a test and literally everybody would pass around the smartest person's tests. We would all have the same answers and get the same grade. That's awesome. It ruled Who was your driver's ed teacher?


I forget his name. Shaw, maybe. Okay. I was hoping you had the lady. I had I, we were both in school in Delaware. So I had this lady who was like doctor, she was a doctor of education. She taught driver's ed. And she'd be like, You are, I'm a doctor. You, I like Jesus. Christ. Fucking what? Yeah. A Doctor of having a steering wheel on both sides of The fucking car. Who Doesn't know how someone mer excuse. I'm a doctor of education. I would never call. Do you want us, I forget her last name. You want us to call us doctor? Blah blah blah. Yeah. What is a bitch? Get the fuck outta. Where do you have A-P-H-R-O-A-D. The same person who taught me driver's ed also taught my mother. Really? I can't be spelling this early in the morning. Well, I took me a minute, minute. I laughed before I understood it and I was like, I'm just gonna give on faith. And I'm like, oh yeah. Hilarious. I'm more of a visual learner.


Honestly. I had So you were Delaware? 'cause Delaware had that like long drawn out permit process. I've been on the road. Yeah. The Graduated thing or whatever. I was from pa so I was already on the road. So this lady was in my face like, and I was like, take it Easy later. Yeah. I don't even need you, Bitch. We were like driving like a married couple. I'd be like, all right, I'm good. She'd be like, I'm not retarded. I didn't say you were. Jesus. Can I drive? Although I'm a bit of a hawk when I'm passenger, I'm always kind of looking like, well you dude, You're two hawks. Yeah. Do you hawk him? Yeah. It Dude, it's brutal. Even the other night we just got the fucking Austin and it's so nice out.


I'm just trying to enjoy, I'm enjoying traffic. 'cause Texas is Cool And nobody enjoys traffic. Dude. Dude. He was like, I'm vibing. We were in the right lane. It was where people, We had four more stoplights to go through and I'm like, you know, you can zoom past all this. He's like, I'm vibing And. he had the biggest shading ground on his fucking face. Knowing that making me boil Next to us says, Oh no. And we're going straight. It was funny dude. It was. Yeah. He was doing, but he was vibing though. Yeah, dude. Yeah. He's the worst driver I've ever seen in my life. Oh, Well, suck my dick while you're at it. But why? What is It? is it just like non, you want more aggression out of him or do you want more, Less aggression. What? Then He vibed in traffic. Big time brake slammer.


Dude, It was bound to come out at some point. Let's wait until we get all Matt and Our, our 5,000 patron goal was going be for him to retake driver's ed. Oh my god. I haven God. God him yet until now. I Thought we reached a break, but when we were in Chicago, we went to what's the big park there that everybody goes to? Oh, Millennium Bean. Yeah, millennium Park. We went there and I, Dr. Drove the whole weekend, by the way, but I parked in the underground parking garage and this, this Is the thanks you get too, Dude. Matt, I parked next to a car. There were a ton of open spaces. I'll give him that, but I parked next to a car. The only car, okay. Time out. The only other car. That's an understatement, Mike. It was an empty parking lot.


It was an empty garage with No, no, I'll thought Was Insane. Right. Driver gets to pick the parking spot. I thought it was driver picks parking. My wife does that to me. I'll put on a parking lot too. Oh, there's a spot here. And I'm like, I'm definitely not parking there. Now that you brought that up. Yeah. We're walking a mile. We're walking a long way. We're walking a mile now. He Parks so close, close to the only other car in the parking lot that it couldn't even open my door all the way. It Was so funny. Josh, When you do the show notes, can you put down both their first names as Judas Fucking? I think it's a great bit. I thought it was a Very funny thing. It could have been like, you're just, there's another car, so you're film. It's like you wanna form the fucking block. I don't even want to try to get into his mind space.


Did you protest parking so close to the only other car in the parking garage? Yes. Oh yeah. What was your, what was your logic there? Or did you say shut up? I just Liked it. Like I, I liked the Spot. That was the spot. Do You. Know. How when you pull into a a parking lot, there are spots, spots that call to you. Yeah. It's like, all right, this, I like this, I like the car next to me. We're gonna be able to get out and then we're gonna be able to go to the park together. Right. I didn't think it was an issue. And to strengthen numbers, if someone, if there's a thief amongst the lot, that driver could come back and be like, Hey, get outta this. My fellow car owner. That, and I was also thinking strength in numbers in, in regards to a car's Disney, Pixar cars aspect where if like there was any car beef, ours could team up with the car next to him. True. Yeah. Yeah. We have a Little alliance coming. That's exactly the mind space I did not want to get into.


Why Do you always drive? Why? Why are you the wheelman? Because they like to party. Ah. And I'm a good friend. She's got a couple Of drunk yelling at you the whole time. I never, usually I'm fine with driving before I drink. Most John's Vocal about it. John will be vocal about it and I'll be quiet and then I'll get alone with John. Like I know, right. That was fucking fucking Shit. Fucker, Man. What Do Your own, I appreciate it so much, dude. It's great. Yeah, I bet you do. Sounds like it. The own kin, man. Damn. That's fucked. Thank You, John. You're nice and relaxed. Yeah, I'm vibing, man. Pulling into traffic and vibing is a sweet move. It was so nice. It's, it was the only time we faced traffic when we were here, but still it wasn't bad. It's just, yeah, we're on the bridge.


The sun's setting. It's, yeah, it Was be, we were talking about the skyline being how beautiful It is here in Austin. The bats were under us. Yeah. Yep. Anyway. Yeah, it was a good place to be in traffic, but still no one wants to be good place To vibe. Yeah. True Traffic is everyone's number one enemy. Yeah. My my wife does that too. She'll do that to me though, where she's like, you can pass this car. And I'm like, I know I've totally been zoning out for 20 minutes. I'm like, I know I can, she don't worry about what I'm doing. You just sit there like, I'll, I'll seriously wait three minutes and be like, I'm gonna move over here now. I It is, It is my, this is my deficiency when I'm like told what to do. Like that same I, Just fucking free. Yeah. Going The opposite way. And that's, that's what the case was when I said we could not be in traffic.


That just made you smile and be like, we're gonna be in traffic even more now. Yes. I hope this traffic never fucking ends. I hope you fucking die in this car, man. I'm The boss. I am sorry, but I will not stop. Well, that could be, I'm a bad backseat driver. Are you really? It's, it's a something You weren't In the backseat. Well, it's the same term. Yeah. It's, it's something in me that I would like to fix. You're a bad friend. Has nothing to do with backseat driving. Those dude in the lake could just be just getting, maybe their, their babes are chirping while they're driving. They're like, yeah, a Michael Douglas roll down And. they fall right in the river. Canon balling in. Fuck you Babe. She's trying to land on like a rock. You Don't know how to swim.


I Know. Yeah. Yeah. You're drowning in the lake and your wife's like, babe, can I get the keys? Babe, babe, Babe. Oh fuck. I forgot to give 'em to her. Shit. That sucks when you fuck something up that I do not like When I do that. If I like fuck, like if I'll like leave the garage door open. I do it all the time and I'll try to be like, dude, I like, I kinda like, like just having like my garage door open. It's kind of chill. I just forget. Yeah. It's like, dude, someone could dig in and take your stuff. And I'm like, yeah. But it's like kind of chill to have that thing open like that. It cools the garage down. I get filled with dread as soon as I get something pointed out that I did that's like wrong. I'm like, oh, fuck that spazz. I don't know what It is. I hate it. I I get that Way's the door open. I'm like the fucking garage door malfunctions sometimes you hit it, it comes back up.


Dude. Nothing makes me more aggravated than, than somebody being confidently wrong. My wife is the most confidently wrong person I've ever met. And I feel like you do that when you backseat drive when you passenger seat drive. I'm confidently wrong. Right. Because I mean, all we have to do, we're here for seven days. There's no rush to get anywhere. And I just all on top of Chicago too. It's just like there every, every parking space is an open canvas. Why not this one an Open canvas? I think most people would agree that being still in a car when the car is not moving is the worst. You are on vacation, man. Yeah. And you just had a bunch of beers. Don't Tell the IRS that I'm writing everything off On a working vacation.


You're scouting locations. Yeah, that Is true. Yeah. Staying, staying still in traffic is the worst. Like I'll drive 10 miles Outta the way. That's an internal issue. You guys have an internal, I mean, I hate traffic too, but Yeah. What's the fuss? You? I think he's perfect. He, he's trying to raise my blood, blood pressure. He's trying to kill me. He's trying to flare my gout back up. I'll Give you some of my blood pressure medicine to bring him back down. It is, It is such a funny thing though, to be like, you're sitting there, you see someone else move and you just, blood pressure's like, I need to be moving. I need to be fucking, I have the same way ice baths if I'm sitting there Yeah. Can't stop. But, but if I'm driving and I'm not paying attention and someone calls it out, I'm like, bro, you need to chill, dude. Taking the fucking vibes in the scene. Dude. It is a well played move.


Yeah. I mean, it's much different if I had my wife and kids with me and at that point, you know, the end of a vacation day with your family, you're, you're full on, you know? Yeah. Thomas Crooks mode, you know. But with John and Jake, my buddies, I'm just like, look, don't care what happens. We're having fun. Yeah. We're Driving. That is the only time I have said anything this trip. And that was day one. I'm sorry. And you've been, you've been good. You've way better don't No, I swear to God. You are doing way better than I expected. All right. Well are you talking about jamming brakes and stuff? Yeah. Yeah. He's Where's the break Came From? Dude, I'm vibing and I'm jamming. Man. Do you space out when you drive? Yeah, A little bit. Yeah. So, so do I I'm having fun, man.


His license Plate is Margaritaville. Dude. My brain's a Margaritaville brother. Yeah. I'm, I'm not, I space so hard while I drive, like, this is your exit. I'm like, yeah, I know. My four lanes over. Like, I don't think I concentrate on anything more than I concentrate on driving. Yeah. I wish I did. I'm tracking, I'm seeing the moves. I'm playing chess the entire time. I know where that car's gonna go. You're playing Connect. You are not that good of a driver. I'm, I'm the same way. I'm very aggressive though too. It is like the only place. I'm mean, but that's crazy on the road. Yeah. If you're four lanes over, you're doing the germane dupre to get off a fucking exit. Yep. I You Switching four lanes. Yeah, I Say that. I say that in my head every time I switch four lanes. Yeah. Yeah. I just don't want to admit that I'm not, because my wife's like, you don't pay attention.


I'm like, yeah, I do. You're just fucking, you overpay attention and then I'll like you overpay attention. I'm like, you're just fucking being weird about it. Classic Wife argument. Yeah. You Overpay attention dude. Yeah. And then I'll just be like, yeah, I know Dude. I'm, I'm the worst with my wife in the car when she's driving. You'll Be turning. We'll be, she'll have the turn signal on to turn down our street. Ill bet you wanna make a left here. Like, it's so bad. Yeah. How controlling I am. But Wife driving is much different. Dude, there are many Times where you have to save them from themselves, Dude. And you catch, sometimes you catch 'em red hand it when be like, there's just a car. Five feet. You are like Yo. They're like, ah. Like, oh my God.


I didn't even, what the hell is it doing? It's like it was stopped. You were fucking, Have you ever been in the car when like the, the woman will do well, like your wife will do the thing where they don't let people merge in like at an intersection. Ah. When they like you're stuck at a long stop stoplight. And they're like, no, there's a one cross street. And they're like, they're clearly, they're waiting, they're being polite and they're starting to inch out a little bit. They're not aggressive about it. Yeah. Yeah. But then you just see them just kind of like roll forward, not little 'em in. And you're stuck there at the passenger seat. Like, I'm sorry man. Yeah, I've, I've definitely probably been involved one of those. Yeah. What. the Fuck you doing let 'em in. Yeah. Every lady's Car should come equipped with like a driving wheel stick that you can control from the passenger side. Maybe a second stick To control the gas.


Like a driver stick. Yeah. I told her I wanna get a brake on the passenger side. Dude. Just 'cause I don't know what It is. She accelerates, she'll see brake lights. She's like, I'm not accelerating, I'm just not. I'm like, I can feel my body moving it faster than it was. You're A velocity Guy. I'm exactly. I'm like, we're speeding up. No we're not. And it's like, dude, God. Yeah. That's a tough one. The lady's driving man is, it's a tough one, dude. I, I think whoever My lady's fine. Who was the Will Smith doctor who studied CTE? I forget. Will, Will Smith should also study Lady Brains when they're dead and done driving. You got a good driver on your hands.


Yeah. Well you've been probably abusing her into shape the whole time. Like What the Fuck. Are you doing What? the Fuck baby And jamming? I'm laughing at jamming. No, I will still, yeah. Give you know, pointers to my lady every once in a while. Oh yeah. But yeah. Tips and tricks. Yeah. That's maybe 1% of the time these days, that's Not bad. Yeah. Drastically lowered. Yeah, because I've, I've experienced the worst and, and once you, once you experienced the worst, you know it ain't so bad. Yeah. I've cooled out. I used to be an aggressive driver. Now I'm, I'm, I'm very chill. Everyone on the road is on my team.


We're all trying to get to the same place. Yeah. We're not racing. What are you? But I can rage. I Ira, I raged not too long ago. Whatcha Are you doing in the left lane? Over 80 or around 80. It is what It is, bro. I'm not, I Drive to Jersey for a long time and Jersey's jersey heads are so spazzed out about pa plates not going fast enough in the left lane that I've been like, fuck off guys. So I, I actually, I had like a beef with the whole state of New Jersey there for a while while I lived there and it was just kind of like, yeah, I don't care. Fucking pass me. If you wanna pass me, I don't go that slow. I'm not gonna go like 50. Right. But if someone high beams me, I'm like, well now we're all going very slow for a very long time. Yeah. That happened to me. I'll give a gentle Yeah. Double flip on the high beams every once in a while if it's, I get it.


It's too lane. But if there's space for me to just go around, I'd do that. I'm Out. Yeah. Somebody did that the other day and I was close to the car in front of me and that car was close to the car in front of them and a guy's nonstop over and over on my ass. Yeah. And now I'm like, this is war. Yeah. Now I've Had a boxing man with a fucking truck try to try to murder him and his family Followed over to his house. Yeah. I've, my road rage was for real, like really bad. Like I used to get like, like the worst I've ever had was one time a guy did something it he was just wasn't paying attention. We're on like 95 so we're all moving pretty fast. So everyth, everything's kind of heightened And. he like came into my lane and I was wronged and I was like, how dare you?


So I like sped up to just, you know, get, get what was mine. So I wanted eye contact and like maybe a little apology. So I pulled over maybe a little Handgun in your mouth. Yeah. Your Own hand off what your wife said. I pulled up on him to get like visual confirmation like bro What, the Fuck was that And he gave me like whatever. And I was like, all right, fair enough. And I started to slowly, because He was like, it was my lane. It was a two lane kind of thing. Or maybe I was in the middle. He was in like the right lane. So I started like, and there was just not a lot of like shoulder next to him. So I started just matching his speed and slowly getting in his lane. It wasn't until He was like, oh. And I was like satisfied. It was psycho. It Was real psychotic. You're mad Matt. Yeah. I mad mad at him dude. It was, This was years and years and years ago.


And I was like, I remember pulling away being like, I think he had a kid in the car. I was like, that was pretty bad. Oh man. Now How forgiving would you be? Yeah. How forgiving are you if somebody does that shit but when you pull up to make eye contact they're like Totally. Yeah. And when I have wrong people on the road And, they pull up. I go, dude, that was totally my bad. Same. Yeah. I fucked up. I go, I was my bad. I fucked up. I hang my Out the window. Take, take it. Token of appreciation. I don't flash bird anymore. I don't give anybody the finger. No. If I'm angry at somebody For a Second, I was like, alright, fuck. I didn't know you were ripping like that. I'm sorry. I'm having a stroke. Where's my booster seats? Penis Is too small to sit on a hemorrhoid pillow.


Just get my dick out the window. Dude, That is one of the worst parts about having a little dick is you can't fucking wiggle it at him in traffic. All Depends on the weather. If you hit him With a penis, that'd be like, that's aggressive. You know, What, the Fuck, you got your wife holding the wheel, get in the backseat. Show your penis out of rage is actually way more. If I was like, fuck Jesus Christ is having A little grape pop out of the sunroof. Just I will now if somebody is driving like a dickhead and they're passing me and we've been engaged in a little bit of back and forth anger. Yeah, I will either, I'll give 'em like a thumbs up or a thumbs down. Ooh. Either one is Thumbs down would devastate me.


Yeah. It's Way more hurtful than a finger and a thumbs up. The sarcastic. Yeah. Nice one brother. You're Doing so good on the Road now dude, if you Had a road rage incident where it was clear it was popping off, you both pulled over when you got outta the car, would you let your ponytail out? Yeah, I would take all my jewelry off. No, I would, I would spear the person immediately. It tied Up started. Well dude, my dad's convinced that like dudes with ponytails are like bad asses. 'cause in the seventies He was like, oh I'm, that guy's got a ponytail stab you. Yeah. I don't think I have that kind of ponytail vibe. Well Then, yeah, no, no one has it anymore. Ponytails, Karate appropriated ponytail.


Yeah. They used to be Karate Boost. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, no I Think karate was the start of those guys. And it's like at that time they did have some cache. Whereas now it's, you got a bunch of these running around And bikers, you feel like bikers and karate guys Bikers. It was, that was probably bikers at ponytail. Like Yeah, It is pulled back. And, they have a fucking knife in their belt for sure. They will stab you. Do you carry a weapon? No, not anymore. You Got that weapons charge up in New York. Yeah. Ever since then I've been very weary of having a knife on me. Yeah. What'd they hit you with? Was that a misdemeanor Class? Five misdemeanor, something like that. For Having that thing. Oh, having the hawk on. Yeah. Having the damn fucking the chopper. Letting the chopper sink. That's Fucked up. Did. I had a pipe for a while.


A pipe. I had a pipe in my car. I never used it. I just like I, a friend gave it to me. And, they said it as a joke and I was like, yeah, you know what? I will fucking hang onto to this. Do You ever just grip it every now and again while you were driving? Oh that's a nice feeling. One time my own chestnut, like me and this guy, we were going into this city and this dude cut me off. I did the same thing when I pull up the side to him, kind of give him a look. And I was behind a cop And. he, that's perfect. I put my window down 'cause I'm like, this guy's such a piece of shit. I'm gonna say something to him. And. he is like, yeah, you're not gonna say something 'cause the cop's there. And I'm like, whoa. What the Fuck. And then I just started saying something I just like, we just started fucking yapping at each other. And then about five minutes later we're still going down Chestnut towards center city, like from like West, west Philly.


And I see him pull up next to the cop and then he kind of runs through the light and two seconds later the cop pull turns on the silent and I like got his ass. That's awesome. Instead the cop got me. Oh what? And I see his ass stop about 60 feet ahead of me, braked in the middle of the street watching me get pulled over and the cop walks up, he's like, did you flash a gun at that guy? What? I'm like, what? No, I don't have a Gun. Pulled over a red light. And, he snitched on you. You? Yeah. He said to the cop that I had a gun in my car. So he Was running from you is what his excuse Was. Yes, yes. Genius. Genius. So I'm fucking that fucking people genius. He pulls me over and I'm like, no dude, I don't have a gun. I promise. I was like, you can search my car. And I wasn't Even thinking And, he found 13 hot pocket rappers but no gun.


This is Like when I was doing And He was like, God damn dude. How have you been operating a microwave in this vehicle? How? How do you have it connected to the smoke charger? The fucking, It's like he Hauled out the glove box and it's just a fucking microwave. It was, But just microwaved. But yeah. So wait, He told you he had a gun? He told him I had a gun and I was so pissed off shit. And I told the cop that search my car. As soon as I did I realized I was like doing, I was on my way to a, a sketch rehearsal at like that thing across the street. I had a fake gun in my backseat. I did. I swear to God I didn't flash it, but I was like, yeah you could search my car. And then I was like, oh my God. And the guy was just like, fuck man.


Alright. And then he just let me go. Oh, He didn't go through. Yeah. Thank God. Did He go to try to get the other guy for lying about? No, I think he just like knew that it was just some dumb dispute between two young idiots and just like, dude, Move on dude. What if he looked through all your improv shit? And. he saw like a man sized baby bonnet. Just a big spanking paddle. Yeah. Fuck. That must've been scary. How was it like an orange cap gun or did it look kind of real? I think it was an orange cap, but we took it off because of the fucking show. So we like, yeah. Oh man. You scratched it off the cereal. Yeah. The fake made in China. Yeah, It shoots Pez. That almost became the best possible revenge prank that a guy's ever pulled. Oh my God.


You actually had a fucking fake gun in the car. Yeah, I actually had a fake handgun in the car. Yeah. Insane. And you didn't wave that thing At him? No, I swear to God I didn't wave. That's so funny. Like I'll murder you motherfucker. I Had, dude, I had the pipe down here. I was ready to go with the pipe if that fucking came to be. Was the Gun in your trunk or was it in the back seat? No, it was just sitting in the backseat. Oh yeah. I like a pile of clothes. It was like a Walmart bag with a bunch of shit just stuffed in it. 'cause I was like running late to the the fucking thing bro, You would've, if he saw that gun, you would've gotten like, oh yeah. Aggravated. Even if you wave a fake gun, I think you get in trouble. Oh yeah. I think it's a felony. Right. When it's in a car. Fake gun. Now to this point, Jake recently got shot by a bunch of teenagers with a, with an airsoft gun. Yes they Did. What Could they have been also charged with?


Aggravated assault. Yeah. They get charged. You hit someone with a BB gun, you get Airsoft or be, was it BB or, I Think it was Airsoft because little it didn't hurt. Why did You get, why did they shooting? I Was leaving an Italian comedy night in the middle of fucking Delaware. It was like killing. Right. They Asked to sit in the front seat. Yeah. And I'm like walking back and I could, you know, you just feel the group of kids in the car pull up and I'm like, something's happening here. Oh no dude. And then I hear, and I'm I just feel a little like smacking on my head. They kind of sting if they, if you're close enough, those things kind of sting. Yeah. I had to like walk and act like it didn't hurt. I was like, oh I don't notice anything. Get around the corner. And, they fucking pull off. I'm like, hey, when they do that to me.


Right. Oh That's scary. And They're at the fence. You are the person to shoot with an Airsoft. I'm the biggest target. Yes. I'm like beginner level for that shit. They fired that many shots. Yeah, probably over. You can get automatic ones. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Damn. They The ak now you get the Airsoft AK and just like Jesus Christ. I was walking in front of a storefront so it was like I was hearing it hit the glass a bunch too. Like Yeah. Jake, would you think about getting a tattoo on the places where you were shot? Like Tupac? I, I would do it. Yeah. Get a little tear about did It actually hurt or Did it kinda stay? No, no. Yeah, it didn't even sting. It was just upsetting. Yeah. More like a flick. Yeah. I just like, come on guys. Yeah, don't Fucking Shoot me. Now would you rather be Airsoft shot or get hit with eggs from a bunch of kids?


Airsoft Shot. Oh yeah. Yeah dude. Yeah. I told you that. That happened to me too. Hey, was that What? the Fuck It, same thing. It wasn't in Delaware wasn't It was in, it was in Delco. I was at an open mic then. It wasn't me standing on the corner talking to a comic, you know, it wasn't you And the car, a car of teenagers drives by and like they're probably from like me to Josh away. And, they, I hear 'em stop the car at the intersection and go do it. Do it, do it. And. they like, we look And, they just start throwing eggs like probably a six eggs at us. And. they mi. It's like that scene in Pulp Fiction, they missed every time And, they hit this, the business behind us. I was like how do you miss? But Yeah. Have you ever thrown eggs at anybody?


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It's fun. Start Fun. That's the, I mean you gotta get to humans at some point you start with houses, then moving cars and then it's like the most dangerous game baby. I'm making humans now I gotta hit a human. Yeah. The saddest people walking on bridges like their life could not be anywhere. Standing on the legs on the bridge. I've gotten my karma back multiple times. What'd you hit your Eggs? I got hit with like every kind of fucking milkshake in Newark, Delaware. I'd be riding my skateboard to work, get Hit with a Milkshake bro. And people are just out of a truck throwing giant cups of red fucking liquid at me. Hitting me. Hitting me with the F word on the way out. So like I got it so many times.


Yeah. Like three times. That's lot On the same street. That's a lot. That's a lot. Yeah. You think while you're walking having those kind of experiences, you'd have more appreciation for somebody driving you. Yeah. You really would. True man. You'd be, you'd be getting pegged with fucking Slurpees and shit. I'll tell You, nobody's fucking egging either one of these dickhead when I'm driving. So Shot egged. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I've we, we egged people one time and like this is when I learned we're too old for it 'cause we like egged these guys and then they like chased us and found us. We were the same. We were all like 20 and we're like, oh. They were like, did you throw eggs at us?


Like, and we're like, no. It was, I think they were honestly a year younger than us 'cause they like came up on us and we were like, What the Fuck outta here, we beat your ass. I was like, we're 20. We don't do that because we were just young enough we couldn't go to the bars. So we were just egging people. We were like, maybe they were a little bit older than us. They, maybe they were 21 cause they like came outta the bar and we were just like pop, pop, pop, pop and ran away. And, they came up, they're like, you stole some fucking eggs. My one friend had an egg in his pocket. What's that from? My friend was like, get the fuck outta here, I'll kick your As. I was making a omelet early. This is my lucky egg. He was like, I was just bringing this around And. they were like And. they just realized like, damn, there's like five of these fucking morons here. There's two of Us that beat us up and you were on foot, you weren't even in the car. That's Crazy. Dude. We pegged the New Jersey trolley or the Ocean City trolley one time.


I've talked about this before, but it was the funniest thing ever. Man. We had my cousin ride it, so we had an inside man and then when it stopped we like, tell us what happened. And we just got in and it was like tomatoes, eggs, all kinds of just like food bombed this trolley with all kinds of food. My cousin said it was like the craziest shit. Just watching people like, Ah. Now how was he communicating? Did he have a wire? No, no. We just knew walking route. We knew it came, it came by every so many minutes. So he caught it like a few blocks up, rode it. And then when we, he got off like come on. He tried to get some guys together like come chase us. He's like, come on, let's go get those guys. And. they, the last second he said they kind of were like, ah, Just old black ladies with their groceries. Was it on the boardwalk chasing no Dam? No, it was on like the ocean drive.


So it wasn't on the boardwalk. Okay. It was like this little trolley that would take people like down to the boardwalk and back. You Had an escape route. And We ran right to the beach. Was he hit at All? No, he didn't get hit. Okay. He said we caught, there was one guy we all ended up aiming. 'cause we were like, what did you hit? What'd you hit? Wow. Wow. Like you all, sorry I shouldn't have said his name. I plead my cousin name. Plead my cousin's name outta that timestamp. He was like, you guys all apparently we aimed for the same dude. This guy was like all decked out And. he was dressed, he had like double earrings on. He was like, It is one of those guys. Like He was like way, way too into his outfit. And. he fucking nailed Everyone. Everyone like either hit him or came close to him. It was apparent that we all like that guy never just threw their shit at this point. Gun.


We hate That guy the most. Wes. Yeah. You guys fucking lit that one guy up. And, they rest of the shit just like hit the sides. And, sorry, his name, I think I said his name again. Believe it, Your boy had to take one. Like it was, I don't think he got touched although, well Only one guy got it. But if everybody except your boy had gotten it, he gets on the trolley and like one stop in, he puts on a poncho. Checks a watch. Yeah. I'm a big Gallica fan. Yeah, it's, it would be, I mean now it's like I would never, that'd be crazy if you're like trying to like do something. If I was just like bopping around during the day like all right, I gotta do this. Fuck it. And an egg just hit me across the side of bed. Well I would lose my mind. Matt, are you familiar with Brian Pumper Adult Star? Yes. Yes I am.


He got Egged recently. I heard man. Yeah, dude, there's a podcast. It's all in the Adam or whatever, no Jumper podcast. He interviews Nat Turn her, which is Brian Pumper's, I guess like a Word. It's the funniest name. But he talks about Pumper And Pumper was a disgrace porn star who direct him. Director of the three Fists Compromise. Did he Na Turner, did he really make that? No. No. Oh, sorry. I'm not convinced. I, not saying Brian Pumper made the three fists. No, But I'm not convinced that Brian Pumper wasn't setting it up for views. Yeah, You think it he got egged for views. I, I think he's been doing it to people and then they caught him. So this might have reignited people's attention on his channel.


He's Been egging people online. Yes. Do, You. Know. Why he got kicked off of like out of the porn industry or kicked outta the porn industry? No, he was prowling the subways I believe in New York City. And. he would just like press up on, not like, well, I mean, yeah, I guess he'd press up on ladies but be like Yo. He would, I guess he would find ladies were kind of hard up and be like, I'm gonna give you some cash. I'm gonna film. We're gonna, I'm gonna fuck you on camera. And, he was saying he was testing He was like just sending in content, being like, yeah, I tested, like we were tested. We're with porn stars, And. he was just like fucking ladies raw off the rip and and then he'd go do regular porno shoots. Yeah. And. they were just like, bro, you're out. He got, he just got like blacklisted forever. They're very serious about testing and pornography. I learned from the Nat Turn, her interview, There was a lady I went to Exotica this year with Shaner, and there was a lady, What, the Fuck is her name.


She's the gang bang queen. Mm. I don't know if you're familiar with her. That's her Legal name. Yes. Yeah. What's Her stage name? I can't think of her name, but she's got that condition where your, your ass, your skin. In her case it's her asshole and pussy are completely white. Is it Impetigo? Something like that. Yeah, Something like that. But she was like offering fans to gang bang her if they had proper testing. She's an albin old At the exotic. Yeah, at exotic. But they are, listen, You could have fucked a porn star that day. Anybody could have if they went and got tested, If you had the proper testing that you report, And it didn't matter what you Wow. Looked like she wasn't being picky, Dude. She was. She Was. When did she come back?


Probably November. You enter Your name on a wheel and you just spin it. My thing with testing, what if your test is from like three days ago and then you just like had like gay sex under a bridge. The homeless guy. I Do baby before and I'm sure there's a lot of people that are fudging results too. Yeah. Like what if you got a, a horny guy that's just really good at Photoshop. That's true. Yeah. I feel like that testing has to be on site for it to be trustworthy. Oh, it's on, she needs a little doctor. Yeah. Little doctor fell next to her. She Was also making sure that guys weren't crossing their fingers behind their backs. True. Dude, I'm, I'm reading a book right now. It's a, it's a, so I'm, I'm on a big autobiography kick and this one is the autobiography of a guy in like, I think like the eighties in New York City. It's called Electro Boy, but it's about a guy who just has bipolars, like manic depressive, but he was more so just manic.


And it was, he was telling his story when he was in New York City in the eighties. Yeah. He had some money. He was like working for like this art house And. he just, he couldn't say no to anything. Like anything He came across, he'd be like, yeah, everything was totally impulsive. And it's just a story of him just like completely pigging on every single vice imaginable. It's the funniest fucking dude. It's he'll just like be sitting there. He can never sleep either. He just lays there awake all night. And. he iss like, fine, I'll get hookers. And then he just like walks down, Twists my arm And then he'll like, just look at stuff. And. he says in the time he was younger, he's just attracted to he's, he says he's Omnisexual. He goes, dude, I would like see my own reflection in the mirror and be like, fuck, nice And. he, he would see like a strong guy, And. he be like, dude, that guy would fuck the shit outta my gr He was just like, he's just the Horst guy possible who, he's just always on a manic fucking rush.


And then like, he would call escorts and they'd be like couples. So sometimes he would just go there and like He was like, there's like escorts where you just watch a dude just like bang his wife and like, he would like suck her nipples later. Like He was like explaining all this stuff. And Then, And then he, I, I think he probably bang her too. Then He was like, I went, I, I think if I'm remembering it correctly, he, like someone said like it was another couples thing, he gets there just a dude. He's like, you wanna smoke crack with me and jerk off And? he iss like, yeah, sure dude. Just wouldn't say no to anything. It was insane. The story. This is the Jim Carrey movie? Yes, man. Exactly. Way Hornier. I saw that movie in Costa Rica and it was called Csor. Was it?


See, do you want the jerk off of Me and Smoke? Correct. See, well, the, the story's insane. He ends up getting involved in art forgery for the same reason. The lady's like, we should start forging this guy's artwork And. he is like, yeah, definitely And. he just, they he just does it. He's like, ah, what did I do? Fuck. I'm almost outta the book. But It, it's, yeah, it's pretty, it's fun to read. It's, yeah, I'm not gonna, that's not gonna be the first book I've read in the last 10 years for Sure. I get it. Look, it's It is pretty gritty. There's a lot of details in there that I can see people being like, Ugh, It is like I was reading alone in a hotel room. Like, god damn bro. It becomes a male stripper outta nowhere. Do you, do You ever, ever have an inkling that a bad boy phase is about to come outta you? I had a bad boy phase.


My bad boy phase. I mean, it's like, it's gone, but hopefully it's, you know, it's always there. But no, I fight it man. A bad boy phase would just destroy my family right now, dude. My family. Yeah. Have you frosted your chip and got an earring? Family's done, dude. He's pissing On the toilet seat. Told myself I would never smoke crack and jerk off with a guy. Matt, is that a pukka shell necklace, tuck it in? No, I'm a, I keep it pretty. It's one of the greatest struggles of my life. Of like, like how much of your, you know, sensory enjoyment do you sacrifice versus how much do you indulge in there's, there has to be a fine line, so if you press yourself too hard, you'll just explode.


I almost Lost my family over it. Yeah. Of your sensory impulse. Dude. It's totally understandable though. I, now that I have a family and kids, I'm like, if I hear people like do some crazy wild shit and like lose their family, I'm like, you made it there for a long time. That's impressive. Yeah, you hung in there. Yeah. It's pretty hard not to do. It's a daily struggle, not to be a disgusting perverted creep and lose your family. Dude, The first time I did crack I went, I, I flew out to Denver to watch the Eagles play them and I had a massive crack hangover at the game. I'm in the top deck. I'm just, people are talking shit. The Eagles are losing by four touchdowns and most of the game I'm just like, I'm the biggest loser on the planet. Then I'm just like, I'm kind of the man too.


Why? Just 'cause you did the crack is like a bad boy Crack. Yeah, I do my thing. Like I think I, I don't know. I might be oppositionally defiant. Yeah. Like if my wife says not to do something, you know? Yeah. Oh yeah. You're gonna don't do any crack while you're in Denver. I'm gonna do all the crack in Denver. Bitch. You think you know everything, don't you? How did You score crack in a city you had never been To? I was down by where the, wherever the Nuggets Arena is. There's a brewery there and I went looking for regular ass coke and the guy's like, I don't have soft, but I have hard and horny. It was a gamble. Yeah. And I was like, all right, fine. And I bought maybe like a hundred bucks worth and I took it back to the hotel and I, and I smashed it up as much as I could and I snorted it. It was not a pleasant experience, but it did do the trick.


Different Feeling than cocaine or Relatively the same. I just Snort crack. Wait. Yeah. You snorted crack. I Snorted it the first time. I like, I ended up smoking crack I think twice and that was too intense. Yeah. You Fully wants shame on me. I'm not snorting stuff. Jesus dude, buddy Knew this for a whole month, Dude. It was too much. Too much. Yeah. It's, and it's, you know, thankfully it didn't take, but I did love regular as coke. Yeah, yeah. I've heard. Yeah, I've, I've heard some people say they smoke crack. That's it. It's bec it's all from then on out. It's like, well I'm, this is all I'm doing. So I'm glad you were able to get it and go, man. It was too much. Like I was never a person, even though I only did it a couple times. Like I would just stand where I was and just smoke crack until the crack was gone And be like, I'm done with this.


Yeah. And then it was like, all right, until the next time rolled around, I was like, yeah, you wanna do it again? Yeah. But I think I, I bought it I think three times and I smoked it twice. But that was, what'd you do with, what'd you do with it a third time? Just like, Chuck it poof it, No, we were at my buddy's house. Like I got burned on buying regular coke and then the guy, the friend of a friend was like, well, I know a guy can get hard. And I was like, all right, cool. Again, There Go for the grace Of God, I'm now really Avoiding getting butt fault. But we ended up, he, he got a bunch of it and we stood in his bedroom all night in a three man circle, just smoking crack. I had the funniest drunk because it's very, I trying to get hard right now.


I can get hard too. Yeah. Yeah. So funny. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Whatcha doing? It is the parties on like, hard drugs are so funny 'cause I'm sure it's so fun, but it's just always just like three dudes in a room just like, ah. Oh dude. It was nothing man. 'cause eventually like his girlfriend kept trying to get him to come out the room. She was Hanging out downstairs. And, they were whispering the entire time, which really creeped me out. And. he just would not leave. He was whisper arguing with this poor lady who apparently wanted us out of the fucking house. Yeah, that makes sense. But He was like, no, I'm smoking crack with my bros in my bedroom. Like, Dude, we're standing in a circle and you gotta shut the fuck up about Babe, Come Home. We talked about this. That's crazy. Dude. Remember when, when we were in Florida and we were at that motel, Aileen Eno's place, we Rented her room.


Eileen Waro the The Charise Monster. Monster. Yeah. Yeah. How was it? Disgusting. And I never wanna go back. We were afraid to sit on the bed. That's how gross it was. It. is that Where she was like living to? Yes. Yeah. Did you request her exact room number? They'll give It to me. Yeah. Yeah. We went down there and we were filming some stuff for like our Patreon and it started to get dark, but the plan was to stay there for the night. But dude, this motel, all the lights, as soon as as sundown all the lights in the motel turned off like the main office. They just kill the all the rooms, the street lights, and then all of a sudden like these dudes just roll up these Mexican zombies. Yeah. Yeah. They, and this like, they set up in post like this one guy sitting underneath a lamppost, like the one lamppost that's on just blasting Mexican music from his phone.


Another guy is walking by us as we're like carrying the camera equipment back to the car. Just like hands behind his back this close to us not talking to us, just kinda looking in our van. It was getting very intense. Might have been another bad boy meetup like we were just talking about. True. They're buying in ready to form the circle. Yeah. You Guys got harder or soft? Well it was hard. Mike gave your card to the guy who owned the motel and he takes him to the room. And, he, he lets Mike, he opens the door for Mike and then he takes off his shoes and walks into the room barefoot showing Mike around the room. And then they called you right? Because of the towel That was like missing. Oh yeah. There was a pillow missing. A pillow. A pillow that we used to block the light. Yeah. Of the window.


It was just in the window. Yeah. So You, so yeah. Yeah. But Did they called you about the pillow bro? I guarantee it was a $7 pillow too. The most Disgusting piece. It was a fabric you've ever seen. Yeah. Like the fact that they needed that thing so bad, like Yeah. So you go up and ask him like Yo, there was like a wild ass lesbian in this place like 10 years ago. Could I stay in Netflix? He just knows where I guess people come and do it. When I called initially they changed the room number and I forget what It is now, but if you ask for it, they'll, they'll give it to you. And I reiterated when I got there I was like, this is the Eileen Warner's room, right? He's like, yes. Although he was pretty Indian so I'm not sure he understood what, so we we might have got a random room. Yeah. And. he, I think it was hers though. It did The trick. He was not like, he showed Mike the room, but his jaw was nonstop.


Like the whole time he was giving, he gave Mike a tour of a room, like as big as this room. Okay. So he just kept like, this is the bed, this is the dresser. That's The first first corner. That's the second corner of the room. This Is the bathroom. That's the toilet. That's the sink. Like He was like pointing everything. Mike's like, yeah. Thanks. Was he a crack head you think? I think so, yeah. Or meth maybe. Yeah. Yeah. I think they were in on it. These Is where she kissed her friend's pussy into bed. Yeah. You Thanks for saying it Again. Oh man, I. just think about that all the time. Oh my god, man. I think about So fucking crazy.


Then she choke big truck driver and kiss her girlfriend's pussy. I don't even care. She look like junkie. Ri Love is love. Oh, That's fucking sick. Yeah. How's her travels been? How have the documentary, the Murder? Oh man, we're, we're murder life man. And we get around, we have fun. We got to see John Wayne Gacys old house. The house is different but the property is still there and it's a very creepy street. So what did Gacy do? What was Gacy again? Killing young boys. Oh. So dude, he ran a construction business. And. he would hire all these young boys to come and work for him and he would kill them. So his crawlspace was full of them. His backyard was full of them. His walls were full of them. Where Was he based?


Chicago, a suburb. I can't remember the, the name of the suburb, but it was so far outside of Chicago. Oh. Probably easy too on a construction site to kill boys. It's like drop some shit on him. No, for real boy accidents all the time. Did Osha, did OSHA crack the ocean? Probably crack the case. Yeah. How was your little brother killed? It was a terrible boy accident. Yeah. 10 sheets of drywall dropped on his head. Don't get me started on boys right now. I watched this documentary my brother gave me. It's the worst thing. Don't ever watch it. It's called turned out. It's about like prison romance. Some of It is not all of it's by force. Some it's by force. Some's not bro. They talk about boys how like when you're in jail you need to get like four boys underneath you. So like that you can then like trade them for stuff. And that it's, it's the most fucked up.


Whoa. You Have to have a harem of boys to protect your own butt basically. No, Just if you want to get rise, it's like, if you, like, if you already have a store where you're selling stuff, if you can get a boy obviously like they're, they're like fucking their own boys obviously. So that's like a powerful network. 'cause then like you can trade. If you get a boy, that's your boy. If anyone tries to fuck with your boy, that's a real powerful network. That's what the term fuck boy comes from. By the way, you have all these guys like, I'm a fuck boy. That's your fuck. Boy's like your little boy. Oh really? Yeah. This documentary was filmed a while ago in Alabama and it's like, yeah, my little fuck boy. It's like, and word comes out and then if you're daddy, if there's daddies too, so like you're the boy and daddy's the guy who's like in charge. But if your daddy gets transferred or released, all the other dudes go like, oh, there's a spare boy. Oh, once they find out what you're a boy, then you don't get Promoted if you get daddy.


Yeah, If you're like the bottom bitch, you can have like boys underneath you and you can start, then you can send your boy out to go get other boys. Okay. So yeah, you can, there is, you know, It is a, it's a pyramid scheme. It's a vertical organization. Yeah, yeah. But yeah dude, this documentary was Mary Kay. Terrific. You know Mary Kay started Mary a, Mary Kay started a nice, a nice charity. It is, it's like a, it's called the Angel tree where there's like these Christmas trees where you can take a thing and if you buy a gift it sends it to a prisoner's kid. Oh dude, that sounds like fat mom. Heaven. The angel Tree. Dude. Fat moms love angels so much, man. It is true.


But yeah, the documentary is fucking nuts, dude. It goes into like the ins and outs of it and it's like, I'll Bet It's wild. Dude. That's gotta be like the harshest realization where you think your boys with the guy in prison, you realize you're his boy. His boy. Yeah, exactly. And no, they're all about the friendship and the documentary. You're like Yo. It's like, I mean sex aside, we're like a family. That's a weird analogy. That's that's a weird, He fucks your butt then he's like, clean your room, take out the trash. Treated me great. You get all the cigs you want. Said they're for real. Like Yeah. Yeah. I think this. Oh dude, you, you have cigarette sales and then the next thing is You better believe Dylan Power.


You said it's a power thing. He was like, bro, I couldn't get enough. If I'm getting my butt fucked, I'm gonna have my mouth filled with cigarettes like that. No Smoking campaign. That's true. I mean, I guess once you get, yeah, once you're, again it's all, there's totally different things. Some of the dudes you got tooken, some of the dudes were just like, yeah, I do owe you a lot of soup. Take the ass. So it's kind of like, it's pretty wild. I'm not gonna Be able to get all that soup. So How far into cheek debt would you be willing to go? Cheek debt? Yeah. I don't know. I, I think you get your cheeks taken like over. Like if you can't produce, you're done. So I wouldn't wanna risk my cheeks in debt, although, I don't know, it'd be nice like, yeah, get like a line of credit on the house.


Like damn, that is a good interest rate. I don't know. I given a cheat debt would be so scary. Dude is just, It is just on the line. I'm completely lost at this point. Yeah. Cheek Debt. So Matt's talking about going into debt because you owe soup and I was like, all right, so if you gotta pay butt for soup, like how far into debt, like how hungry do you have to be to be like, you know what, I'm gonna get fucked over some Doritos. Yeah, true. I need like an infographic to take this information in. Yeah. Can We set up like a payment plan? You know Doritos over time? Yeah, true. Is this still the system of modern prison? I don't know a hair a fuck. This was from, this was from, I don't think so, man. This was from like a long time. I man, I don't fucking know. But this was from like a dirt poor county of Alabama.


Yeah. That could have been playing by its own rules. Yeah. No one had any, no one had any cash on them and it was just like, it was just soups, coffee. I mean now you can have your Own tablet in prison. Yeah, dude. Which is pretty Wild. My brother was telling me there's a subreddit just like the prison subreddit and there's dudes that get like the, like iPhones, And, they just like stream from there. And, they like Yo. We got the PS five man and it's just them like streaming. Just li you can like get into like real prison footage now. Pretty easily on the internet. Dude, I've plenty, I've seen plenty of live from jail. It's crazy. How is that fucking possible? I Don't know. You get the contraband phone in. Yeah, they're more successful than I am. I think They fucking, they Getting more views than me. They're probably killing it. Telling them. Yeah, get them take down.


It is tattle time. Actually I haven't been snitching, but I think it's time to start. Yeah, Officer, There's a situ, There's a banging live stream going down. He's got a gun on his stream. He's, yeah. Actually I did start snitching, I tagged the FBI in somebody's tweet the other day of just a guy shooting a gun into the air in like Florida or something. And I was like, Miami Dade at Miami-Dade police at fbi. I, and I did it without even like checking the replies. And there was hundreds of people that were like at fbi. I at fbi, I, whoa. Yeah, because the bullets fall down. And they hit. You Can't be doing that. They come back at the same terminal velocity as I enough. I know dude. For the last Bros or today, Man. Exactly. But you learned that in physics class. Parabola. Yeah.


Yeah. That you think about that. It's all fucking cool. Shooting a gun in the air, but someone's like, yeah, they fall back down. I was like, oh yeah. I thought they'd just go through space forever. Fuck. Maybe that's What you got shot with. You think so? Yeah. It might not have Been those kids. God damnit. All right. I get looked into Apparently, you know what I heard Cool. Factoid, Do, You. Know. The airplane, the Alaskan airline. The door that like flew off. Yeah. Apparently someone's cell phone fell out and then the cell phone fell and landed in someone's backyard. And, they got their cell phone back and it Worked. Right? Yeah. No way. Fell from fucking space. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. And still work. Yep. Pretty cool. Speaks A lot about, was it an apple or was it a Android? I didnt Get that detail. I didn't get Detail. Was it in an Otter box? That's the question.


Yeah, that's the question. Dude. My lady left the phone, her phone on top of the car when we left a Phillies game a couple months ago. And when we got home I had an alert that was like, Maggie's phone has been in an accident or something. Like a car accident happened or something. And I was like, why did I just get this? Yeah. And it flew off on the highway. The location was still so perfect that we could find exactly where it was on the highway. Perfectly fine. What? It's not broken. The screen wasn't cracked. It's pretty misogynistic how Apple just assumes like a fallen lady phone. It is just like this fucking pitch. Got in a car. I know, Dude. So I was having a discussion with my wife recently and I thought she hung up on me.


Apparently she just didn't know I was still talking. I think she hung up on me. I was so mad. I was so mad. My phone was hung up on this little like magnetic thing. I punched my phone and then I just like threw it against the side of my car. It called 9 1 1 'cause it thought I was in an accident. Oh, whoa. Yeah dude. And then I, I don't know if it was from the slam on the side of the thing and then I, it was, my phone was lost like it was on the side. So I had to like reach you over and get it. And by the time I did it, it was too late. 9 1 1 called me back And. they were like, everything all right? And I was like, yeah, I'm just pissed off dude. My bad. Like my wife hung up on me and I spazzed and fucking punched my phone And. he was just like, all man all good. He's like all good. Later on I had been chilling too. I'd been fucking vibing before that. But I just a hang up.


It was like a, like a like a hectic schedule day. And I, I like totally forgot I to take my dog to the vet and I, I boned up. She's like, you ain't wearing your not, I was like, oh, did you ever like plan your day? And you just look at it like, yeah that was impossible. Why did I even think I could do that? Yeah, yeah. No, that has not ever happened to me actually. Yeah, I've done You Got a pretty sparse schedule. Yeah, true. Had To drink out at the vet. All right. He's fine. His knee's fine. He is all right. And got x-rayed. He's all good. His knee was fucked up. Nice. Yeah, we take ave but it's one of those things my, my family's big into like put that fucking dog down dude. Why? Even I swear God, I tell people dude. Yeah, people are like shocked and horrified. But I'm like, yeah, my parents call for my dog's heads if they're like sick.


They're like, kill 'em dude. Yeah, I'm going through that right now. I got a 16-year-old pit bull at home. Ah. I would say. And right now he's wearing diapers. He's can't get up the steps. I mean it's time 16 I'll, my dog's six. If my dog's 16, it has diapers. It's Dude Do, You, Know. How much It is to like put a dog down. It's like hundreds of dollars just to kill your dog. So it's just like I I maybe I thought thought you could choke him. Yeah, True. You, you're A pretty strong guy. So I am think if you got behind him and Really Yeah, give him old I am legend. Buy some fent. Yeah, you drop a little in the bowl, no one will ever know. No, you have it on your fingers. Both die.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. He just built a junkie. He does not die. Yeah. Six 16 is rough. Yeah. 16. Yeah, he's, my dog was six and my dad was like, I'd put 'em down. They're gonna charge $150 for medicine. Yeah. Murder that thing. Yeah. Your dog sneezes once and it's like, ah, that's it. Take 'em out. Yeah. Yeah. They'll come to your house now. Now it's like a nice little thing. They'll come out to your house. Oh do they really? Yeah. They'll come out to your house, go to the vet and putting your dog down is so sad. I did that one time. Yeah. I've done that. Dog's just laying on a metal table and you're just sitting there with it and it's just like, That's why I don't think I've done it because I did it twice before and it's just, it's fucking heart wrenching. So you can have 'em come to your house and they'll like lay a little spread out for them. You can give them like some last treats and then they'll just, you can like hold them the whole time.


The metal table and the vet is just depressing. Yeah. Just walk out. Can they come out like stripper cops and do it like just probably Did somebody order a, You can probably hire some hookers too. Yeah. So when the ve lady comes out to do it, like Yeah these are just hookers here for more. We're having a little thing. Yeah. We're gonna have a little party afterwards. We're gonna let him eat peanut butter off of her pussy one last time. A can up dolphin and slowly lick at this hookers And hardly walk. Yeah. You should kill your dog for sure. But I do like the idea of getting them, getting him some fentanyl. 'cause I think that's the most humane way to go for an animal. Like Yeah, really treat 'em and just yeah, give It coke too. So it's like, oh it's gonna be fun.


I was like, yeah, fucking goes out. I'm gonna do so Many things. It's all the last thing. It's like I'm gonna start a business and It is like Had so many collar IDs. Alright, do you guys know doggie daycare? How about doggie night care? Oh my God. I can see in color and Then Yeah, it's done. Yeah, dog nightclub will be sick. Oh my God. Just end the night with who Let the dogs out. That's snuck a you buck for dogs. That's Good idea. They they throw their collars in the middle of the circle. Just, Yeah. Well how you've had that dog the whole time too. Oh yeah. The Rescue probably since we got married. Like we got two months.


We got it for the $20 and like 12 cents because it was like a New Year's special. Yeah. Yeah. And, they said he was three or five when we got him. So it's been, but Definitely not 4 20, 12, 4. I know a 4-year-old dog And. he iss not welcome. Yeah. Damn man. Yeah, I, that sucks. And it sucks too 'cause when you're married, when your dog dies then you have to go in a period of like three months of open relationship too. Gets you crying every time. Just A parade of dogs coming Into that. Now he's been an open relationship for five months and wanting we more than our Dog. Have you guys known when you're ready to love again by getting, by when one pet dies, what kind of period do You that I'm already thinking about my next dog.


Once my dog's sick, I'm like dude, the next dog I gets gonna be so Sick. You're just drawing a dog with sunglasses and a leather jacket on skateboard for the Simpsons. But no, I don't know. I haven't, I haven't been through, it was always like family dogs and you know, I was little And they would die and we'd have one like after a couple months, but I'll be, I'll be the, the helm when our dogs die and I'm again, I already got the dogs I want planned out so I'm pull a trigger pretty quick. Is this the first time you're verbalizing this or or have you spoken openly about this? Dogs? Ive talk to my wife all the time. I'm like next time I'm either getting a shepherd or a Akita. So you know, I love my dogs but when they die, yeah I'm gonna get new dogs 'cause I love dogs so much. So I'm gonna be like, damn Dude.


Yeah. Do you wait for the dog to leave the room before you start talking about this? No. Oh, I say it in front of my dog all Talk About it. You know some people that heard, Hey dog walking, pacing around the living room for the 4000th time that Day. Michael bark Duncan. No, I, yeah, I'll be, I'll be devastated when my dog's, I are sad. Yeah. But I am stoked on getting like I rescue these guys. These guys were yeah losers. These dogs were losers. Dude, I've never heard Somebody call It dog a loser. Yeah my dog. Dog, dog. Eating like trash in all they dude I loser. Total loser.


I'm gonna Get you fucking shots and a collard Dude. I did. Yeah. My dog was on like doggy death row back when we got him. They were like, he's been here for two years at this point he's going down. Oh did he have a bunch of puppies under him that he was using his sexual collateral? You know, I never, I gotta ask a buddy system. That's What 101 dalmatians is really About. Crowley didn't wanna skin those dogs, she just wanted to peel them. Is it Mrs. Po comes out with the dead one? 'cause he got fucked it dead Man that turned out nevermind. It's only a hundred again. They rub out And. he just Turn him on his side. He spits out big dog. Come God.


He needed a stomach pump like Marilyn man Got a little kim Tree. Geez. Well Josh I think we're at four. We're at four, right? You have another one at four o'clock. So Sorry about that dudes please. Hell yeah. Plug your stuff dude. Oh yeah. I got my new book. Delco Dural It is a Wigger crime novel set in my beloved hometown of Delco pa. It involves two lov lov be losers who are mistakenly accused of their boss's murder at Halloween Adventure. And then one of their dads contacts them about cashing fraudulently cashing a check, which would enable them to hopefully get outta Delco. But if they get caught, they're fucked. And then they're also gonna get pinned with the murder. Damn. Damn. Yeah, baby Wicker crime novel De Delco Dirtball. That's awesome. Get it buddy. Yeah. Oh wait, you could buy it@onperks.com.


Oh Perfect. Yeah. And we, yeah, we got a nice new shirt gonna pop up in there soon for Lil Stinkers. Oh damn. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You follow me on Jake material. Follow our podcast Lil Stinkers. It's so much fun. We do so much crazy shit. And yeah, I do like standup. Search my name in YouTube you'll see a fucking 45 minute set. Yeah. Put that on for anyone you don't like. So Yeah, please follow me as well at, at Johnny Delco on Twitter and Instagram. And I don't know if this is gonna come out in time, but we are at Dallas Comedy Club this Wednesday, August 21st and we're at Creek in the cave Thursday, August 22nd. And we're gonna be in the Bay Area in October. Yeah, if you're around there, we'll be at San Fran punchline on Tuesday, October 22nd and we'll be at Sacramento punchline the next night on the 23rd.


And Here's the deal, just so you're not apprehensive like this isn't fat girl, true crime, I promise you. Like this is fun. So check it out. And also yeah, it's awesome dude. Dude. Also check out dad meet with my homeboy Tim Butterly the funniest fucking dude on the planet, man. Let's go. Yeah, yeah. Hell yeah. Thanks. Thanks for having, thanks for having us, man. This this buddy. Incredible ton of fun. Rock On. Hell Yeah. Hell yeah, dude. Get back to my George Washington dude.