
Wow. Wow. Wes Ain't starting right now. God dammit. We're in. We're live dude. Powerful class. We're fucking live. We have so much tech going on right now. This is the first time on the free episode. We've done the call in. Really? That's All right. Call in. But right now we, we'll just pod like natural, bro. Okay. We got a bunch of, we got a wall of bros in the Zoom just staring at us on the screen. I can't pause any other way. I, I need to see the Bros. Goddammit. How you guys doing? How was Mother's Day? Did you guys call your mothers? I did call mom. I didn't get her nothing. I feel pretty bad about it though. How did you get my mom? Well, I know I split a present with my brother. That's just how I move. I just gave her a nice call. How you doing? What? That's all they want. What do y'all, what else you gonna get her? Start to send her some Amazon flowers, but then, I don't know. Amazon Flowers wasn't Give you today, and it was like, well, at that point she don't even care no more.


Yeah. My mom doesn't like flowers. I think my mom, my dad used to be a flower dude, and then he stopped. And that's, So I think it brings her back to like, somebody still getting me flowers. You know what I mean? Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, most, they love flowers. My pops used to try to be a romantic, romantic rent a limo. Go do, he used to be like that kind of guy. What he went, he went all out for. Couldn't afford it though. It was probably a real bad move. No limo's a nice move flowers really anymore just for them to display on social media just to crush other women. Yeah. Or when you're working in the office. Like, that's what I used to do. I used to send up my girl Jones and that was all it was for. So the other bitch. So all the coworkers see it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's a, that's a crazy Mac. And, and they're, and every lady in the place is jealous.


That Quiet. That's a nice, oh, they're Really beautiful. Yeah. Oh wait, why'd you get that around? She's a Bitch. Get off my fucking flowers, ladies. Fuck you. Happy Mother's Day. I mean, we went to church. Happy Mother's Day. It was fucking Lit, dude. Church. We went to church on Mother's Day. Yeah, dude. It was the, we never went to this place before preacher. It was like, you know, those Texas churches? It's not like a Catholic mass. It's just like this, the standard format of the bro. I think they, we missed the intro jam. Yeah. And then the guy, yeah, we missed that. And then the jam was black Church? No, no, no. Oh, no, no. It was like white. It was like, it was like white black church. Okay. All right. White jam. Like righteous gemstone style. It's, it's similar. Yeah. It's not, it wasn't as overblown in theatrical, but it was like, we just walked in on the, I guess the passer, just cooking, dude.


Yeah. It was just like a 40 minute speech. And he was like, he's literally a bro. And he was just talking about men and women and he was like, just, he was like, I'm painting in broad strokes. But he, he, it was, it was nothing like sweet and kind of, it was just like, listen, listen dude. Like kind of gi giving women the business on mother went sweetly and kind of encouragingly. And it was, I was just sitting there just fucking like, Go brother. Go. What was his, what was his like angle? You were just saying we need to work together. He is like, we're being divided and women are getting crushed. Thinking like, you know, he is like, basically being like, dude, you don't, you don't, if you wanna have a job, have a job, who cares. Yeah. But he is like the force, the societal forces trying to tell you if you don't have a job, you're less than.


Yeah. He goes, it's coming straight from the pits of hell. Nice. I was like, screech brother. He was just, he was ripping. He was basically saying, dudes need to be made to feel like they can, like, do I have what it takes? And women are thinking, do I, am I enough? Yeah. And he was like, how you can answer those questions. And also nicely being like, and, and look, women like kind Shut the fuck up. It's not Bothering guys. Feather Hype this guy up. Tell him he's a beast. Guy's, pick Up the fucking paper towel off the ground. Yeah. Say a prayer. Throw it in the fucking trash and don't bother the guy about it. I might have to go catch that. Good word. It was a real word. Good word. Dude. It was going, he's going back to the Bible being like, yeah, sorry dude. You know, you guys went back to the garden and he was like, look, this is just a story.


All right. You guys fucked it up, up. It's kind been your The Whole time. That's why childbirth hurts. Sorry. Heavy mothers dude. He was, he was nice. I, and he, he was very, he was very tactful about it. It was, it was nice. What made y'all make the move? Like the, the church Mother's Day move? Brittany loves church. Oh. So I planned, I just tried to plan like the ideal day. Do you a pastor? I've never been to a church where the, the preacher, the pastor or the priest could get pussy camp pastor. That Helps them. It helps them. Yeah. Because when the guy, when they don't get any snz, like they, they talk about relationships And it's like, boy. True. That too. Ah, That look, that's universal. A lot of those churches get someone gets caught up. Yeah. There's one at Every, Every church.


I'm convinced there's, I think there's, apparently there's like way more pedophiles than people think. Yeah. I, I watched, we talked about it last week. I watched a clip and this guy was like, bro, it's everywhere. Everyone's going for this stuff. We were, I was thinking, I almost brought this up when we were doing the page last week, because we were talking about X videos and how, how fucked up some of them videos look. And you, you can always see the counter on. Like, it'll be one where it's like, that looks crazy, but it'll be like 30 million views. And it's just like, that's crazy. Like, you know what I mean? Like, if that makes sense. We're talking about them porns, that the girl on X video looks too yu And you try to fire it off. Oh. You see like how many people have viewed it? And you, And you can see right under the video how many people have viewed it. And the numbers are always nuts.


It's always like the, like a billion views. I know it's, But on what kind of pornography? Do you mean like Illegal Kinds of pornography? I think it weren't, yeah, we were saying the X video. Oh, you Weren't there looks like weren't Yeah. Looks, there's there bad. I noticed I had been off the hub for a long time just 'cause like, you know, due to the legislation in the state, I couldn't go on PornHub proper. Yeah. And I like was in San Francisco and I was like, oh, lemme check out what they're up to. And it was just like this lady who looked like she was a teenager. Oh. And there were, it was just like a huge feat of just her stuff. And it was just kind of like, what The fuck? Stop with this. Yeah. Look at this. Like, dude, young looking. Yeah. No, I know. Yeah. I see it. They're fired up. But it does help when the pastor is getting snz.


Yeah. It's, I mean, I don't know how I got us off track like that. That's Straight from the pits of hill. Yeah. When the pastor Getting This dude, they were, and it's like, nice. 'cause it's coming from, it's such a good central authority to come from like, not, it's not you being like, shut the fuck up. It's, it's the guy being like, God, God said that. God said it. He's giving us the word of God. Yeah. And God's telling you to stop being so mean to you. Yeah. Hype this guy up. And it was the same thing. He was like, dude, if you want your babes to stop hassling you, you gotta, you gotta, he had these two little piggy banks. He's like, you gotta fill her piggybacks, man. You gotta give it like a month where you're just chilling with her nonstop. Almost to the point where she's like, All right, enough of you. He goes, then you can go party with the fucking Brush.


I mean, I'm, I'm obviously summarizing, but that's what I got from him. Yeah. He was jacked too. Just a jacked pastor. He was A jacked Bro. Jacked pussy. Getting pastor. He's the man, white Man married in there. He's Married for sure. Slave? Yeah, he's married. Okay, okay. No, no. Yeah. That would've been crazy if he was single. Being like, these bitches on the app screwed. No family man. Threw it through outside and giving his Instagram to the girls. Leaving the sir. Yeah. I also, speaking of which bro, I fucking, I showed up here, I realized I had my wife's keys for the car in my pocket. Just like, God damn. You should start holding it down like that though. Like, can't nowhere. You're staying home. I should, I should. Man, take your cell phone. Yeah.


No cell phone Paycheck. Straight to fucking me. Yeah. It's actually the opposite. I have, she handles everything. I have no idea what's going on. Financially. I would, that's how I would be Too. It's like a samurai. That's what the samurai's did. They gave all the responsibility. Any earthly responsibility. It's like, I don't want even wanna know, man. You're just concerned with war and, and Just Strat I see. And haikus. I just wanna sit and grassy, you know? And just con concoct, haikus.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus I've got a wild story for you, Matt. There's this guy, Nathan, and the girl of his dreams is taking hostage. Whoa. He fights to get her back. But here's the crazy thing. He can't feel pain. Dude. Isn't this the plot of Novocaine? Yeah. It's the plot of Novocaine. The best new action movie. Seriously. Rated R. Like all the good stuff. Stream Novocaine now@paramountplus.com.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


But yeah, that was sick, man. That was tight. We did that. Had a little BBQ at my house. Yum. Yeah, It was yummy. What were the meats? Lobsters, paws. Seafood. Seafood. Oh, seafood. Barbecue. Yeah. My black queen of seafood. Fucking Fe. I got a white boy in my ra. He feeding me pasta and lobster. Yeah. Seafood. I saw my mommy on set. What? I saw my mommy on set. That was nice. What'd you guys do? We went to an Italian restaurant and got really drunk. Nice. Philadelphia. Yeah. That's awesome. That's awesome. What do y'all think about this Happy Mother's Days to just a dog. My girl had, we have a dog. She says she's a dog's mom.


That's her white girl stuff. She kind of was, she kind of was shooting for a, I could, I felt it towards the end of the day. She was shooting for a Happy Mother's Day from me. No, I I, yeah, I'm a big, no, I'm not gonna lie. I did give it to her in the moment. It's a funny Joke though. But I was like, Well, it's also, it's also, to be fair, I feel like any of those hallmark type days, if you play it right, you can get some motherfucking ass. True. True. You know what I mean? So you should have played up the dog bomb and be like, bro, this Is crazy. I didn't even think about it. I showed up late. I got home late from, I went to the Stars game yesterday. Do stars. Got that ass and showed up at 10. Just no energy. I was cooked. I just was sitting there. I couldn't have gave her nothing on Mother's Day if she wanted it.


You were all hockey out. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was screaming. I was having a good time. I didn't know nothing that was going on with No, You came back and broke her off with a hockey dick. That's rough. Just a lipstick. Fuck. Just grabbing her shoulders, just fucking fighting her. Yeah, it was, it was sick. I showed my wife the Kanye video, by the way. The Which one? The song new One. His newest latest song. Did The, oh, Maybe we shouldn't say the title. It's Double H you said maybe Double H. You can't even name the title of a song. That's how band it is. Yeah, I, I read about that. How it's just scrubbed immediately off the Different, yeah. I mean the, the most shocking part of it to me, other than, you know, obviously it's a lyrical content, is the warehouse full of black dudes dressed like wolves?


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are they, is that, is that, like, how much did he pay them for that? Because I'd imagine that would go against your LinkedIn Chris, like a life chaining, a life changer moment for you. You're done getting work as a video boy now I think I, I guess, I don't Know. I don't know what you call them. I don't know what you're call me Video male video Nazi vixen. Yeah. Yeah, Nazi vixen. Although, what I wonder now is like, you know, not for myself personally, but I wonder if that opened up like a world of guys who, like if you're into like cucks and bulls situation being like, dude, that's, that would be, if, if I was into bulls, that would be a charge situation. Just there's a black Nazi dressed like a wolf. This guy's way more man than me. He's standing on business.


It's like furry stuff. Maybe. Maybe he's getting pivoting to furry. Well, did you see the, the thing where he was on the sneak live stream and like, I don't know if it was staged or what, but he was just talking about like, not cing in general. No, didn't see that. I didn't see this. Now They were talking about, he was talking about like, yeah, like people might think it's cing, but he was like basically talking about like loaning your babe out. Oh, he Likes that Kind of stuff. It's actually called a stag vixen. There's a, there's a, it's a different that my brother Tom just texted me. He was like, are you down with stag vixens? And you broke it all down. And it's not so much like a cuck, but it's more of a proactive, proactive role where you bring your babe and I mean, this is straight from the pits of hell as well. Yeah. But you bring your babe to a function And you got, you have a hoe bag. So you have a bag of toys you're just carrying.


Yeah, probably something if you're bawling, probably like a night you're just Gucci down, just like a Gucci bag, full ofci, just toys. And you go to a function And you just, you find your, your man in wolf clothing And, and you're like, And you, you organize it more and you're like, here's the hoe bag. Do you get a bay? Like do, does he give gift you one of his bays? Is it A trade? I Don't know if it's a trade. Tariffs on the, The tariffs on the babes. Yeah. I don't know if we can still trade babes right now on this tariff. I don't really understand them that much. But you know, I think it's just more of a, I think it is more into the cuckold territory. But that's more of like a pride head. That's just like an empowered coupled. That's not good. Mother's day talk. It's not at all. I mean, let's What your Mom, I wonder if he got Kim anything though.


If what? Mother's Day? Yeah. I wonder what Kanye got Kim Kardashian for Mother's Day. I hope not a Yeah. But you know, she's still a mommy. After it all. She's still a mommy. After all. She deserves a card. You might have gotten her, she Deserves a card or maybe a bouquet or, I don't know, maybe a diamond and crested swastika or something Along those lines. Just a dude necklace. Yeah. Yeah, Dude. Dice necklace. But yeah, that was, it was fun watching like, Hey, what do you think about this? And putting it on for her and just her slowly just being like, what the Fuck? Oh, so no contact when Played? She did not, she did not know she was not following the black Nazi news. I've been trying to really unplug. 'cause it's been too, too racially charged lately. It is, Man.


Everything. They're just trying to get me so bad. I'm not gonna let 'em get me. They're Going, they want the race war so Bad. They can't make me hate my brothers and sisters. That's what I'm saying, dude. That's Right. It's the last thing I'm going to do. I know. I, I, I don't, I don't even think I, I mean maybe they're getting people. I've read a study one time that said like, it was just a book I was reading, but they said 70%. It was based on a study they did a long time ago. Just like trying to discern kind of levels of awareness and like how people view the world. Like if, if like whatever. But they said 70% of people were frame the world ethnocentric where they're just like, if, And you kind of checks out it. If you go to any country, it's like a tale. Italy has the best food, the best people. Oh, I see. So, okay. I'm not, I was So like ethno.


How does it, How do they like your ethnicity Okay. Is like the central defining characteristic of your entire reality. And people who aren't part of your ethnicity are like, just, just not part of your squad. You feel better than them. No mattering. Who you're, Yeah. Like black people do it. I'm not gonna throw them under the bus. But You ask them, it's like, yeah, like we're clearly the best. Everyone's evil. You know, if you ask some white people on Twitter, they'll be like, actually, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I see. Now I think we're the best. And you know, if you go to the country by country, it's like, no, our country's the best. I see. It's crazy. 70% Of people view the world, you know, kinda like that. It's Crazy how many countries, human nature I guess act that way. But they're so clearly wrong. Just we're the best. Oh dude. It's like, bro, he places a shit Hole. We're from Lavia. We have the best.


It's like, dude, I hate to break it to you. Come On man. Hate to Break it to you. Not even in the fucking running. I Don't even think people would miss y'all. That's, People might not even know. Yeah, There's A lot of, I mean, they're pretty new. They should do Yelp for countries. Just, just, Just the whole country's on Yelp and you're like, yeah, I went to Lafayette one star, one fucking star. I got a Groupon Dude. I was reading about the countries that have the most journalists in prison. I was reading about the new Pope. Yeah. He was like, I guess his first American pope. American pope came out. Dude American as hell, bro. He was like, we gotta protect freedom of speech. We gotta release the journalists who are prisoners. Yeah. And the top offending countries I think are China.


Israel's in the mix really? Israel has a lot of journalists. Well, here's the thing. And they even, I Would've never gave. Well, and then they clarified in the article 'cause I was like, holy fuck. And then they were like, 'cause it's like China. Can we look, I I I'm gonna see what the top five countries are. It's definitely China and Russia's top five. I could Do, I thought they wouldn't be on the list. That was about to be my guess. I thought they were just bodying them. Nah, they got, they hold those guys jail. They hold them. Okay, Okay. Okay. They hold 'em in jail because I think they try to like flip 'em. Yeah. Like, you know, it'd be really cool now that they're in jail to write like, cool stuff about us and how we're fucking awesome. But yeah, they were saying it's a, yeah, there it is. Myanmar, Israel, China, Belarus.


That's a fucking wild one Though. Myanmar is a shit. Belarus, Turkey and Egypt, bro. People are going to saying the pyramid tour are bullshit. Spud better watch out. Yeah, true. Yeah. And then I think Israel's just, Israel wasn't on that list for a while. And then through the war, now they're like number three. They got a lot of journals. Really? Yeah. Dude. Damn. It's not a good look. No, it's a terrible look. Yeah. It's not a good Look. I mean, if, if you're locking journalists up, you probably are up to something bad. Yeah. You don't want it to get out. Yeah. Like there's, there's, there's not a world in which I have to arrest somebody. People can say whatever they want. As soon as I'm like, yeah, put that guy in a room for a while. I dunno you say that, but lame said, I kissed my dad on the lips a couple weeks ago and I would Jump that.


I think it depends on what True. You could put LaMere in a room for a while. Yeah. I'd lock you up for something like that. I mean, that's kind of the thing. You're running a country and they're, they're saying something to that degree. They're saying Because You now you did lock him up. 'cause you know it's not true. True. If it were true. Yeah. That's actually a good point. You'd have toss LA in a motherfucking room. But I did see my daddy this weekend. You saw him. How was the urge to kiss? The Urge to kiss was strong. We did not kiss Hell. Yeah. Unfortunately. What was maybe unfortunately, what was I, I saw all this stuff going on with bars still. It sound like y'all knew what was going on.


Can I, yes. Can we talk about that or You, are you doing a Speaking of which? Yeah, speaking of, Yeah, speaking of Yeah dude There. So what, what I gathered there was just a guy, I think it was like a Middle Eastern bro, I, if I'm not mistaken. Yes, Yes, That's right. And he was at the bar, bar stool bar. And I got, when you get bottle service, you're allowed to write like a message in case I guess it's somebody's birthday or if you know, if you're burning with a message. The end of the world otherwise. And he wrote, I think, fuck the Jews. Yep. That's what he wrote on his And the bottle girls brought it out. Yeah. And he, at which they were just following orders. They were following orders. To be fair to them, they got fired. The girls Got fired. Oh man. Yeah. Portnoy fired the two women.


Then he offered to reeducate the young man, the Middle Eastern man who was bling out. Yeah. Yeah. He said he was gonna send him to Auschwitz, but, well you said he wanted to give him a tour. A tour of Auschwitz. Yeah. But he also said he was gonna get him a trip to Germany because he was under the impression that Auschwitz is in Germany. Which is false. It's in Poland. See? See, I didn't know that. Say I Had no idea I could have Got on the as well. Well that was a big, I went to my bar stool, sponsored Auschwitz tour. I could, I could Have booked the wrong flight as well. That Was fun to be in Philly for that. I couldn't stop talking about it. I just kept being like, let's go get bottle service. Be like, but we're not thirsty. We just want the sign. You Might have to go to Auschwitz, dude. Yeah.


You're about go next. I'd go, I'd go check it out. Check it out. Listen, learn. I Don't know that I would, if I'm being honest, if I'm in Europe and I'm like, there's so much stuff to do, I go by myself. It's like in Europe. Yeah. I can go to like the Mediterranean. It's like, you know, let's go to a fucking former site, a military camp. Let's go ghost hunting, kill Jewish people. I'm like, nah, I'm, I'm straight dude. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna eat this motherfucking gr. Yeah. Then you gotta go to, you said it was in Poland? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if I, I don't know. And no offense to Poland. I think Poland might rise as a world power one day, but I don't know that I'd go to Poland if I'm in Europe. You only have so much time. Yeah. You know, they're all just trying to screw in light bulbs over there. They're All just trying to get outta cars. Figure out How to get outta cars and screw it.


How to live. Yeah. That was so funny to me when I found out how dumb white people think Polish people are. Oh, it's crazy. Like, I didn't know that my whole life. Never. Although I, I heard they have the hogs. Ah, I heard Polish People have the kerf bro. That's Why they don't care to know shit. They're like, fuck it. Why Would you? Yeah, Dude That shoved out. That was from a book I read. They talked about the guy would always talk about the big Polish hug. Yeah. Pretty sick. Hey yo. I know. For real. But yeah, that, that was, that whole situation was funny. 'cause then they, the guy tried to get in on the racially charged GoFundMe train. Yeah. And I think everyone had just gave their last, last dollar that white lady and, and the black Stab guy car. Yeah. So they, they had already cleaned up.


So this guy was like, it's time to cash in. And then he was like, yeah, fuck that dude. And then he was like, gimme some money. And I think he raised like 20 Gs. Which, damn, Damn, he got the same, Everybody's raising 20 Gs. Nah, they dude, other people raised 400. Everybody's doing GoFund for getting in when they get in trouble on the internet. Yeah. It's a new thing. Cause you can, you can like, you know, if you find, say like you get bottle service, you know, you say whatever, fuck the Jew, whatever you wanna say, you get on the thing, you get your, you do your fuck the juice bottle service. Yeah. Which by the way, there's probably, probably so many people hearing about that. Who started sending Fucked up messages. Yeah. Just for like, it sounds funny, but just for fun probably. Yeah. But you saying he sent that to Portnoy?


No, no. He sent it Portnoy just got word of it. His club. It's his bar. It his bar, stool bar on Sanso. Oh, oh. He one the one across the street from Fair. Yeah. He was at the bar, stool bar. And the guy when pressed, he was like, look, I have no problem. But they are doing a genocide is they feel good. Ready? He went into his big thing and then Portnoy fu rescinded his offer to send him to. He's like, you can't go to Auschwitz anymore now. Yeah. Sorry. You've A bad boy For Aus Auschwitz. No Auschwitz tour for you. You gotta do that on your own dime now that you made $27,000 on, you Know, lc always be a, he is like, he could've just wrote Israel. It would've been so fun. So much. That's what I, why People do that? I don't know. I don't know. They get great. He's passionate, I guess.


Yeah. Yeah. Or he meant what he said. Yeah, I know. They looked into this guy and apparently again, according, just according to news, allegedly he has some content up where he is pretty clear being like, yeah, I'm not a fan. Not a fan of, yeah, They don't, yeah, he does not like them. He is then he's going on like white supremacist podcast or whatever. This, because Sass and everybody was there too, so they knew about it more than I did. And I guess he was like going on like racist dudes podcasts and they'd be like, oh, that was really good about the Jews. But then it'd be like, but we still don't like you though. Oh. I Mean that's Been, that's either but we like you a little bit more was just it. Yeah. Yeah. The, yeah, the hardcore white Christians in the Middle Eastern, that's been the defining thing between them being like, good call guys, but fuck you guys too.


It's just a, it's just such a impoverished worldview. It's like, dude, you, you can't fully bro down if you're that filled with hate. It's like your brodown is always gonna be kind of handicapped. Y Yeah. That must have been a crazy vibe. What Fuck the Jews bars still Bar Bar Fuck the Jews. And then just like, you sort we'll take, I don't know, TTO is playing really loud. Right. And there's like sparkler going off. Yeah. It's that. Yeah. Yeah. Well Again, maybe Doesn't seem like a place where you'd make a wanna make a statement like that, but they were probably just being nasty. I think he had like a Nazi babe with him and she was like, you won't do it. I'll suck your dick right now. I Don't, I don't think that probably Nazi babes exist. Yeah. Well there is that one that said the N word says the N word all the time.


You ever seen that lady? Who? The lady at the park? No, no, no. Do you, do you, do you guys not know what I'm talking about? No, it's, it's hard to explain. Mey. Do you know who I'm talking about? Ah, Shoot. Nah, me's not on that OnlyFans. It's not Holyan, but she, I think she did like P Morgan or something. And he is like, do you use the N word? And she's like, yes. Very. Morgan's really scraping dude. The dregs of the internet. He's really trying to get that show popping. Yeah. He had EA on Yay walked off. Did he? Oh. Because he was like, you have 33 million whatever followers. And he is like, I have 0.9, 33.9. Just walked off. Like, know your fucking facts. I'm never going that, that what he said. What'd he Say? What did he say? He Said, don't take inches off my dick. Don't Take inches off my dick.


Oh, hell yeah. Because when you first hear it, it's like, All right, it's a couple points of your followers. Then you hear a word that don't take inches off my dick and you're like, alright, you made a hundred. I get it now. Yeah. That's pretty funny. Don't take Yeah, he's really Pierce Morgan's are like really going after pretty much anyone who's like, you know, he'll, he'll cast a wide net on the internet and be like, what are you doing? And they're like, fuck you dude. Shut the fuck up. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm Start doing that rage baiting, just blow my numbers up. Yeah, you Could. It's there bro. It's there. But you can all do It. Yeah. What would you do if you rage baited? I don't know. I don't have LA Mayor's been doing it lately with the hot dog and the, and the mouth guard and the hotdog water. That's kind of rage bait.


Nah, That's just good old fun right there. You could go, you could go hardcore against black women. That's a sick thing. Black eastern deal. Yeah. I make big white dollars. I would make some big white dollars if I started white. That white Dollars. Good white bucks. It would be nice to fall in just a million white bucks. Just one hot weekend, dude. Start, Just start to go far. Maybe be rich, But then that's gotta be your thing for the rest of the, you can't, you could maybe try to come back. I could flip It, could flip it be like just fine. Flip get. I gotta, I'd have to replace my woman though. That would be, and I don't wanna do that. That's the only way I can think. I could Flip it. If you went at Black Queens, you think you'd have to replace, I'd have to get a black queen and be like, and like share the wealth.


Or you could just get, Wait, why? What do you Mean you could get some makeup? See, make the money. You saying there's no coming back. The only way to come back is to be like, All right, start all over. Get a dashiki, get a black queen. Yeah, You could Umar or I could get Daz all and fuck everybody's head up. It's been a quiet goal Of mine. That would be nice. Yeah. Fall In love with Rachel Dozo. Yeah. Nate loves Rachel Dozo. You could maybe try to do, maybe try to do one of those whatchamacallit. Threesome podcast. Oh, like what's his name? 22. 22. 22. I don't know. What's the fucking Chad doing? Bring these motherfucking bros in here Before we go to the chat. You wanna do the read?


Oh yeah. Thank You. Let's, let's keep this electrifying energy going. I'm sorry. Freaking crush. Yeah, let's get this on it. Be quick. Rif bandaid off. And Let's get this outta the way guys. Forgive us. Or actually I shouldn't even qualify it like that, but yeah. You know what I mean? Alright, before we get back to this awesome show, here's a real quick special segment called More or Less Playoff Edition. And it's brought to you by PrizePicks. It's the playoff and every game insane. And we're basically watching a bunch of basketball players crumble under pressure. Geez. Really? Though. It's a little Joke. Are they they're they're crumbling, huh? It's all, all the top Teams. Yeah. They's been a lot of, yeah, I thought the Celtics were supposed to be good. And they're they're stinking, They're getting crushed by the, wait, who are they? Knickerbockers? The Knicks? Yeah, the Knicks. I mean, that one was supposed to be a good series, I think, but then I didn't know one saw them getting crushed. Like they're getting crushed by The Knicks. Yeah. The third game was, was brutal. Well take guys, get this. So we figured, let's take a look at who's actually showing up, who's choking and which stat lines are actually looking good. Let's get into it. I mean, I don't know man. I have 'em up right here. What do you thinking Jason Tatum For more than 25 points. I hate to say it, but I do think Jason t's gonna get more to 25. All right. But, but it is at 27 and a half now for real. More or less than 27 and a half. Do I have old copy? I think you have. Well I have, I have the, the updated, Oh, there you go. Yous on my phone. Good call Or Anthony Edwards for more than 2.53 pointers made. I would say yes. That, that doesn't seem like a lot. That's all they do is shoot three pointers now more. More for the ant Man. You said it's 2.5. I'm Say more. More for that. Definitely more. But here's the, here's the, here's the kicker. Julius Randall for more than eight rebounds. That's what I watch. I keep track of Res rush, the defense, the assists. Yeah. Fox. I'm giving a no on that, I don't think. I think there's no less, less, less. Less, less, less. My bad. Less eight boards. Huh? Eight boards? I think less than eight boards. You think So? I think So. I don't, I don't You don't think he's putting that ass on the other Players? I mean, I don't, yeah, I don't think he's got the hustle in them that today. All right. They're upping the series. I don't think he's got the hustle in them. Maybe If what? If that's a take that just, that's your GoFund me. Everyone's like, fuck you. Is there any particular players, teams, or matchups that you've enjoyed? Does anything surprised you? Nate, let me ask you, do you have any predictions for the rest of the playoffs? Let's get into that Now. I'm kind of thinking, I think, I think the, I think the, who's gonna win the finals is gonna be a Western conference team. I honestly, I don't wanna say it, but I think it, my guess is the nuggets. If I'm calling everything now, I think the Nugs, I kind of quietly think the Nugs are going to, I think the Frost Everybody, the Denver Frosty Nugs are gonna win. Yeah. I think the Denver Frosty nugs, damn. That worked out perfect for them. Actually. I didn't think about that. Frosty nugs for Denver Nuggets. Think they'll win. Yeah, I think they'll win. I think Mix Pacers, the Pacers are surprising everybody. That's What I'm talking about. I'm thinking the Pacers. Yeah, I think they're to their Eastern Conference finals. I think they'll get shut down in the Eastern Conference finals. But I think the Pacers need to recruit Caitlyn Clark to be there. Extra. Extra. Somebody will run through her. She'll turn to dust, bro. You know? You don't think she'd be able to hold her own? Not for us. She would put Up 50. Yeah. Dude, what are you talking about? She's gonna have to use a regular sized ball. I'm pretty sure the WNBA ball is smaller. It is. Yeah. That's fair. It's gonna change everything. Well, Everybody's entitled to their own opinion. Yeah. Nate, if you wanna spew hatred on here, that's fine. Dude, we're trying to talk basketball. I'm Not anti Kailyn. I just know a bunch of dudes. It's going dominate. But Hey dude, we should let it happen once, man. See what happens. Just let's, let's just pull a bandit. Let's see what's up, dude. Just put her in REI and watch them both get dominated. True Cihi Then, then they can join forces Reunite or, Or Just attention Like five WNBA players versus the Wolf Men in the new summer Blockbuster, maybe. I don't know. I don't know if we should do that, guys. I don't know either. But those were the picks. That's our take, guys. So now's your chance to win. Win real money with your best takes. Whether it's points, rebounds, assist, take your pick of more or less on their stat projection for your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash. Today. PrizePicks is available in more than 30 states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. You can submit your picks in 60 seconds or less. It's so easy. I'm doing it right now. No I'm not. Or am I? Download the app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drench to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game, guys.


Oh, this weekend I'll be at the Crest Theater, Sacramento, California. Please come to that. That's on Friday. And then on Saturday I'll be in Seattle, Washington. Neptune Theater come to that. I think they're, they're close to sold out, so please come. And also 6 25. That's June. I'll be at the Improv in Hollywood, California. And then I'm gonna be filming a special, I throw out like four days after that in the, where the hell is it? Ontario, California Improv. So that'll be a Friday and Saturday or Thursday, Friday, Saturday. Please come to that. And Josh, you have something coming out as well, right? Yeah. Check out 15 for 15. It's 15 of some of my favorite jokes outta the last 15 years doing standup.


Putting that out on May 15th. Hell yeah. Hell Yeah. And just please come to Optimum. Knock this. We're gonna have, you know me, Lamar, Guardini. It's always fun. We always have, I mean, mask dropped in the bus, lady. That shit's been sick. Thank You to everybody who's come. Just, just, please come again. Thank You. June 6th. Optimum knocked this, hit in With a Thank You. Come again. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Thank You. Back to the show. Now we're back to the show. What an organic well placed pad. Guys, let's bring it to the chat. Bring a call. Bring a call in. No, no, no. Sean. That was, that was good instincts, man. We had a, we had a, that's exactly what I said. I said, dude, when we start tanking in conversation, Bring The bros in. I, and it was just like, we have the bros here, we gotta tap 'em in. I figured I'd go as long as we could on some current events and bullshit.


Yeah. You know what I'll say right now though, dude, I've been making my own cold brew coffee. Ooh, it is so much easier than you think. You just, you grind. Don't you do That too? Well, I not used an espresso. I hit the pods using An espresso. Dude, if you just get coffee, I didn't know it was this easy. You just get coffee beans, grind 'em on course you don't wanna get too fine because you gotta filtering 'em out. It's like half the battle. I just grind coffee, put it in a big container of water overnight. Come back. I have a huge thing of iced coffee concentrate. Yeah. I've been making it. It's so fucking good. I feel I got Shit my bread. This Is my remainder, dude. That sounds tasty. It's so good. And it's so easy to do. I've been fucking try that. Flying off this shit. Yeah, just crushing ice coffee, cold brew. And it's, I don't know. I love it. It's easy to make you literally steep it in just a container for like 24, 12 to 24 hours.


Yeah. Come back the next morning, filter it out. I pour it through like a mesh filter. And then I do a coffee, like paper filter. Is That about 200 milligrams after the whole sit thing? It's after, dude, you have a thing that concentrate this big. It's it's, it makes like 15. Oh yeah. Yeah. 15 cups of coffee. That's Hell Yeah. It's so easy to, it's like unbelievably easy. I thought I needed like an apparatus. It's just mixing them together and screening out the beans. Done. All right. My guts can't handle cold brew. It dominates me, dude. Really? I take a little bit of cold brew. I'm shitting. Yeah. But it's kind of a nice move if I'm like, if I'm not shitting, get some cold brew, fix all my problems. I, I swear to God, I, I'm still not addicted to nicotine at all. But I will say these shits I like rely on it. Yeah.


If I feel like I have to dump, I turbo, I fucking pop one in and turbocharge. Yeah. That happens to me too. I still don't feel like it's that addictive though. I Feel, don't feel like it's that addictive. You Think it's going? No cig just going to the pouches? Yeah. It could be the pouches. It probably is 'cause smoking it probably, I don't know. They say people are smoke, have like an oral fixation and it's like a deeper thing. Hey, yo, Not me, La Mayor. Bust one of these bros up man. Who, who are you thinking about? Oh, he's smoking right now. What's up Ivan? We Need an orally fixated man to come up on the screen right now. Look at bro in the blanket.


What's popping on the chat right now? La Man. Nothing crazy. Yo, Yo, Ivan, you're smoking inside boys. What You doing, man? You smoking in your house? Yeah. I'm, I'm from Europe. It's normal here. What? Cool. Yeah, Just flexing smoking cigarettes in the house. Where where in Europe you live? Austria. Austria, bro. Oh, You know it. I've heard of it. Yeah, I've heard Of that one. Yeah. You guys are near Poland, Germany. You guys are near Poland in Germany? Yeah. We kind of had that history thing going. Yeah. Good painting over there. Yeah. Yeah. What we got a great, So we were talking Europe and I, you know, I hopefully we didn't, you know, offend You we're talking about like European countries, like who gives a fuck?


Huh? What's your top country? You're like, who gives it? Because like, Austria is the kind of rules. So like what's your, I'm not just saying that 'cause you're there. It's like, you know, I know all about it. It's kind of sick. What's one of your countries there that you're like, fuck, this country sucks, Dude. I mean, Britain, first of all, Let's go Agree with this. Why Britain? I was there. It's just pure fucking chaos. I mean, I haven't been to America, So I don't know what's up. It's the best Sick. It's awesome. Yeah, It's pretty nice. I just can't take it. I can't take the, I don't wanna get, I, I just don't want to get political. But Dude, you're smoking a cigarette in your house. You have to get political. You look like you're cooking right now, dude.


What do you, what? What's up with Europe? What's up with Britain, man? What's the problem with that? They're just weird with their like au author au authoritarianism. What are they doing to you guys? Or just in their own country, you're saying? Oh, that's just my opinion on Britain. And so is Austria more free? Do you guys, can you guys go to jail for like group texts and shit over there? Or like, what's up? No, I mean, they're trying to like get those like trojans, like state Trojans on the phones, which is like a yearly debate. Like every year they try to like get the stuff in. What's the Trojans on the phone? Are they like people literally listening just like Spyware type thing? Yeah. Yeah. Just basically like state spyware. That's crazy. Every Year they're like, Hey, how about we do this to your phones?


And we're like, no. How are, how are they trying to sell it to you guys? Is it like the threat of terrorism or like, what are they using to even justify that? I think it's kind of like how you guys do it with the bills. They just sneak it in. Yeah. Yeah. And somebody just catches it and they're like, hold up. Yeah. So it just doesn't go through. Dang. That's fucked up. And Brit, does Britain have that already? Do people go to prison for praying on the street In Britain? Yeah. What kind of prayers have he doing? Some, some allies. If they're on the street. Yeah. It's probably, No, no, no, no. I mean Christians. Oh. Oh, I see. Shit. Can't PTL on the street? Eh? It's fucked up.


Damn. Nah, man, that sucks. That, that Sucked. That's insane. Yeah, it's, it's crazy In Europe actually. There are, it's getting real, like weird politically, like on the, from the top down. The EU is getting way more involved and everybody has to have like a stance. Even though Austria is like neutral, like Switzerland, it's, it's getting really weird. That Sucks. Yeah. What a, I don't like it. What a bummer, bro. Yeah. I'm sorry to hear that. Well, Yeah, I mean, I guess whatcha gonna do? All right, well, happy Mother's Day. Happy Mothers Day. Seems necessary. Necessary Fucking Blade Runner, dude.


Yeah. All right. Take it easy. Thank You, Bro. Easy bro. Nice to talk to you. Damn. Yeah, Chilling is fucking, yeah, Europe does suck now, man. I don't know what The hell Europe's on some absolute never fucking bullshit. I've never been there. Well, I've been to Ireland once, but like, they were on some mega fucking bullshit. It Always looks sick to me. I I don't pay attention to politics, So I don't, I don't know what's, It's probably sick. Yeah. It's probably a sick place to be, To visit to not live. Yeah. I don't know man. And people who live there think it's sick. And America stinks a lot of 'em for the most part. But we don't have that shit, dude. That's just, we don't have Trojans on our phones. I think. I mean, we probably, definitely, We've had them for decades.


Yeah, true. Isn't that a snow guy? Like ran for? He was like, they, it all snowed. Yeah. Wasn't it like they're looking at all your shit, Looking at all your stuff and then we fucking Yeah, actually. All right. We locked that guy up in jail. We got one. Everyone's gotta have one guy. One fucking guy in jail. Snow's not in jail. Yeah, he's He's out now. Yeah, he's out. But he was for like a, how long was he in jail for? Like a decade? He Was in? No, he Didn't go to jail. He just went to Russia. He went to Russia. I mean, bro, I wonder if he got any hose in. He probably got some motherfucking Bro holding up. Christ. Probably got a nice hose. Yeah. Bring another bro in here. Get another bro in here. Fucking a talk. No fucking shot.


What? Why not dude? No chance. What? Why we saw you ing the Lord had to Say what happened? Oh, I gotta app praise the Lord. How do you praise Lord? Roll tide And then a rosary in the car. Nice. Ooh boo. Nice. Well Lamar, let's look for people who want to chat. I'm ready to chat. I'm ready to chat. Oh, you're saying no, fucking, I thought you were saying like, I was Just like excited. Oh hell. Okay. My bad. My bad. What's up? No, You're good. I'm a little touchy. My bad. You're good. You don't wanna Fucking talk to me. Don't worry about it. Right. How you doing man? Where you living at? I'm from California. It's gay out here. So. Yeah. True. Well at least you're not in Austria. I Got fucked up by a fucking mesquite.


Damn this. It's fucking me up. 'cause it's mirrored. I fucked up by a mosquito. Damn dude. That's a big ass Skeeter boy. What The Fuck? Yeah, I got fucking raped, bro. Shit sucks. Where, where? What's your beef with Cali right now? Gun laws. Our fucking government sucks. Can't do shit. Government seems to suck all over the world. What the hell? Yeah. It seems to be Some political unrest worldwide. Yeah, There's some political Dang. Are you SoCal or NorCal? I'm Central. Central Cal. Damn scent Cal. Yeah. No one really knows about us. Where, yeah. What is Scent Cal? What's even there? It's like, I would say like Santa Maria.


Do, have you ever heard of them? No. Is it like Silicon Valley Central kind of? No, that's north. That's north. So Cal Central California is just, just the central part is a whole, it's just San Luis Obispo. It's just like, how far Are you from like one of the big cities? Huh? How far are you from one of the big cities? Like in Central? Because aren't the two like north and south? I'm currently in between LA and sf. Okay. How long is that drive? Like two, three hours. Oh, All right. Okay. More depends on traffic. That's not bad. So you're, is that what they call the Inland Empire? No, inland Empire is just east of la. Oh, Okay. And that's like where the crack heads, the meth, all that shit is sick.


The Vatos Sick. The the lad, the lads are, we got a lot of lads in the central though. Nice. Which we love the lads. All my, all my friends are la All my homies. La I'm the only honking the fucking shit. So what Do you do? What do you do? He's been muted. He muted himself. I think he, yeah. Oh, you muted yourself bro. You muted yourself. Well Thank You brother. I don't know how to Fix it. Laer Does know how to fix it. Have fun out there. Is anyone burning with a message for the world? Yeah. Let's ones see what the people are saying guys have. Why don't we see what the people Are saying? Yeah, I guess on with their motherfucking hand raised, bro.


Yeah, He's been waiting. This guy's been waiting for a while. Oh. Oh shit. What up brother? What is up Bro? Is it, is that red lights on your room? On your ceiling? Yeah, it's my living room. Yeah. How'd you get it set up like that? Me and my fucking fiance. I knew that was girl stuff, Girl on something. My girl just fucking made us do that. Like asked me. 'cause I got some TV to put the light behind it. Like that Ambient? Yeah, that same shit. Girls love lights behind the tv Now. Who told them about That? That's kind of sick. I like that. Yeah. It took like way longer than you think it took. Took like an hour and a half. Is that an LED strip or are you guys like uplighting, that whole situation?


No, dude, we're poor. It's an LED strip for sure. That's fucking nice, man. It's cool. Yeah, I guess. Thank You though. So what are you doing bro? What's, what's your deal dude? I'm fucking, I'm being a bummed today. I called out at work and I'm fucking just sitting at home doing nothing. Hell yeah. Good for you man. Dude, you still, you took today you said, look, I've had enough of this shit. I'm taking the day off. Yeah, my job's kind of bullshit. I sit around and do nothing. So I was like, you don't really need me there. Nothing's gonna change if I don't come in. So they don't care. They're like, whatever. Take your day off. Nice. So sick. What do you do in your free time when you get freed from, you know, Fuck dude, me and my fiance are nerds. So like we just sit at home and fucking watch TV and play video games, to be honest.


And like smoke weed. That's about It. What you gaming on. It's Kind of awesome. She's gaming on Ballers Gate three right now. Bru. That's great. And I've been playing a lot of Kingdom Come too. That game's pretty dude haven. You've been playing that. Yeah, that's what I'm been playing right now. Kingdom Come is the shit. I could, I'm not, I could talk about that the whole time. I won't do it. Yeah. I won't nerd out, but yes, absolutely the same. That's, that's like a World War II game. Nah, like, like, like medieval. I think that what? Yeah. Yeah. And you like, it sounds more like it super hyper realistic. Like you have to forge your own weapons and like hammer out a sword. It's, it seems like it would be dumb as hell, but it's fire. Damn. No, that's, dude, I'm, You had to learn how to read. It was, it was, You can bed winches.


It's pretty nice. If I, if I were to like be able to, to, to choose a, a form of like autism or like something that like, put me in a different realm, I'd go purely medieval. Just Wear a suit of armor. Just get into that whole thing, dude. Just renaissance fair, just strict hierarchies. James from Love on the Spectrum. Yeah. Basically his jam. I fucking, You can be a Gester bro or something. Cool. Yeah, I love medieval times. Damn. So are you, are you a lone knight? Wandering the, You're a blacksmith son That's like working his way from the bottom to the top. Kind of From Pirates of the Caribbean action. Something like that. You start as, you start as like a, like a peasant in The first one. You're a peasant and then you work your way up to like being like, you got you, you're working with royalty.


You're not, you're still not royalty or not a noble. I know what you mean. Yeah. But, but you're, but they fuck with you. And then the second one starts off a bunch of chaos ensues. They steal all your shit. So you, that's how they get you to start from ground one. Like you, you and your whole crew get, I mean your, I don't want your crew gets but fucked at the beginning of the game. Really? You only survive 'cause you would be a horny with your bro. Like you and one of your bros sneak away to go look at ladies take baths. Whole squad gets murdered while they're doing that. What, that's exactly that, that's how the game opens. Yeah. That's, that's some type shit I would do. Where do these women take the baths? Just Lake, lake Bath. Oh yeah. You just, you would camping on the side of the road. Her shit.


I mean, I'd be scuba Steve, dude. Yeah. The snow Conoco. I'm into that. That would be, man, that'd be awesome. Yeah. That, that game is sick. Both of those games are sick. I'm saving my, my gaming, I think when I retire, I think I'll get way into gaming, bro. That'd be so nice. What If the, what if your kids get in the game And you think that could get you in? Like if Oh, big time. Yeah, I'd be gaming hard. You're You're approaching like Mario Cartage and Stuff like that. Mario Fun A party. Family fun party. Mario Fun. That'd be nice. We have a dance game. Oh hell yeah. We have, it was like an old Xbox Connect where like it, it, yeah. Yeah. It was pretty sick Man. The best party family game.


Used to be a rock band. Hit a full rock band or guitar war chord. That was the one I fucked with was guitar, hair war. Actually, that's a good call. I could get into some. Mario Kart five is old enough for Mario Kart. Yeah, for Sure. Yeah. But I can't not smash him. I I'm gonna smash her in cart One day. Don't figure it out. That's what happens. The kids get nice quick. Yeah, That's true. I still got that neuroplasticity going on. Yeah, That would suck. If she beats me, I'll be, I'll throw it out. No more video. You're a fucking cheater. I'm leaving dude. Catching your dad controller smash would be fucked up.


That'd be so bad to see. Nah, I, I'd be pretty happy. I think honestly, your dad Controller Smash, if I saw my dad controller smash, I would be like, that's I am his son. True. Yeah. Yeah. Like my friend used to the PlayStation pull back when everything had the cord to the thing. Yeah. If he, if his little brother would beat him, he would pull the cord outta the PlayStation and whip him with the cord. Oh. Just damn. Damn. Whoop his ass. Damn. Should start whipping him to, it was a pure spa. That's a bad loser attitude. It was A bad loser attitude. Do you, are you the are, who's the better gamer in your guys' relationship if you and your wife go to hotel? Oh Yeah. Oh dude. Me. Absolutely.


What the hell? Come on. What do you think you're looking at? Come on. True. Imagine the shame though. Losing Yeah. Losing to a girl in VIGs. Yeah. Do you ever We, most of the games, me and my lady play are cooperative and she's never carrying the most weight, so it's, we're cool. I see. Yeah. Cool on that. Now She plays With you. Yeah, she plays like the Balders Gate. We play Balders Gate where he was saying his lady plays Nice. That shit was sick playing Borderlands three. The old John right. Now. Does It get, like, when you're playing video games, and, and forgive me for asking if this is like, kind of personal. Do you guys, like, is it like a horny making thing or is that just like the porn stuff?


It can, it can be a little bit of both. Hold On. Here we go. All Day three is fucking horny as hell. Yeah. What is It? Is it smut? It's like, I mean, you can, you can literally fuck the other people in your group. You can't, But you can't. The thing that's, you guys Are swinging on our people. My girl did the respectful thing though. She only made her character fuck the ladies. She never, she didn't do No, she didn't know. That's gross. I was like, that's a nice, she didn't get your Balls. Game pipe. No but's, no balls. Game pipe. Would You get mad if she did though, Out of spa? I would've Be mad too. I always forget that girls are allowed to play video games. I know. I, I think like, I, I don't know. I know what you mean. When I hear their gaming, I'm always like, interesting. Yeah. I'm Like, what Was your girl in the game of before you or did you get her into it?


Turned her out Like slightly. Her dad would play like Call of Duty blackout Zombies and she's like, hell yeah. What is this? So not really, but definitely now that we're together a lot more, that's What happened. I think I That's nice. Put the bug in there. Nice. Called the bug. She bugg. She might have been bug chase. Well dude, Thank You man. I'm glad you got the day off the game and just kind of Where's in bay in your bays at work? Yeah, babe. Went to work today. Sick. That's great Day. That's awesome. How does she take it when you're like, I'm calling out today. I'm pretty good. I think I only call out like three or four times a year. So when I said it, she's like, really? She looks at me like puzzled. So yeah, she doesn't care. She'd be like, my dick hurts.


That's awesome, man. Thanks. I, I fucking, I love it, dude. I think your place looks sick as hell. Yeah. Nice, nice, nice. Sit up. Thank You so much. I appreciate you guys letting me on. Dude, this is badass. Talking to you. Can I ask you a question? Appreciate You. Of course. Matt, you can always ask me questions. How soon after your your babe left for work? Did you fap it up, hurt Yourself? Let's see. I don't know. It be like an hour and a half, two hours. That's, That's actually, that's good. I would've been three minutes top. As soon as I hear the dead boat click, I'm running to the front window like a dog watching the car walk. Go away. And it's a full volume fab session. No headphones, just straight blasting the Straight blast into the motherfucker.


I'm getting the acoustics going. You're a man of honor. Clearly you've been playing your fucking game. Yeah, Absolutely. Well Dude, Thank You man. Yeah, nice to talk to you. You Always guys, Thank You. See you Later. Here we go. Here we go. Picking up steam on the Stream up. Pick it up. The bros always break some good shit. Nah, no nothing against the Aust stream, but damn. That was a fucking mo. That was a fucking mood. Shit. That didn Kind crush The knife. Follow a shitty fucking first 20 minutes with a shitty ad into, I mean ad from the user experience perspective, obviously. I fucking love it. I love our partners. But the You wanna Talk to a lady? There's a lady. Okay. La Mayor, you Fucking horn Dogs Fine, Fine. Lamar, let's, let's, let's actually, let's see what she's up to.


It's gonna be that guy's girlfriend Drill. I'm at work. I know my boyfriend's beating. Oh shit. She's in a hotel room just catching Balders gate pipe just Drain, bro. So you could fucking this game. Yeah, They got whole fuck scenes. You fucking like All games. Hello? Yo, What's Up? Be cool guys. Act natural. What's going on? What's Happening? Nothing, just chilling. You Always in the zoom chat. Gotta work out in this morning. Yeah, I've Been trying to be, you guys are freaking awesome. Thank You. You're Where are you off to? I'm doing route for my lab. I make dentures. What? What? No shit. Hell dentures. You dropping off Biohazards and stuff?


No, dentures. Just Like molds. Molds and things Like that. Thought you said lab. Are you, what are you taking? So you what, what are you, so what are you doing exactly? Dropping teeth off the leaves? Well, It's ruining old men's day. So Someone pulled in, somebody called in with a tooth that fell out of their upper denture. Oh, you're gonna go. So I had to pick it up and I, well I already did. Now I'm dropping it off. You just have a tooth? Yeah. Here, hold on. Lemme see the guy. You an old man's fake tooth. I got an old man's full upper denture. Damn. Oh shit. Pop it in. No damn.


Yeah, my Grandpa used to have those and he would pop 'em out and scare us when we were little. Oh, it's terrible. My, my dad has them now. They fell out his mouth on my nephew's head when my nephew was like five. He started, he just went nuts. We get a lot of them where the dogs get ahold Of them. Really? Yeah. They love the smell of nasty mouth. Yeah, True. Oh, it's got a food residue. Dogs are freaking dude. Yeah, Dogs are freaking freak ass and eat your fucking dentures. Dang. Well dude, good luck on your quest. That's actually kind of sick. You just roll up and then the the guy, what is that like rolling up on the house? It's just a guy like, and you're like, gimme your chance.


No, I don't go to a house. We, we go To he like a Walmart parking lot. Oh really? Oh, I thought he just pulls up to the Walmart parking lot and he is like, All right, here's my fuck. So they go to the dentist. You go to the dentist and what do you gonna do? Like how do, how do you do that? If they're falling out? What's, what's the move? Do you like you re-fit 'em or like what do you do? No, we, we make a matrix out of putty and we just kind of put it back in place and it's just acrylic. But how do you, how are you gonna keep it from falling out of this guy's fucking mouth again? We put a hole into the back of the tooth and the acrylic flows into it. So it holds it pretty good. Oh, just his tooth, tooth fell. Right, right, right. His tooth fell out. That makes sense. You Dad, that's double devastating.


Even your fake teeth can't steal when you, God fucking you. How much does a set of fake teeth cost? What do they, what do they go for? I heard they're kind of expensive. Oh, They're expensive to tell. Really? Probably like a range between like 1500. Okay. For the, for the whole set. How many teeth are in the human head? Can you ask? Can you answer me that? Oh dude, you gonna really do ma make me do that. 32. How many teeth are there? No Idea. No, there's more than that. My had no idea. No, that I don't know this either. Me and my, It's all good. We don't, Me and my mom run the business together. Do you really? Oh cool. God, that's such a sick fucking bitch.


Yeah, the expert. Yeah. Is she, is she an orthodontist or purely like a teeth salesman sales lady. Just, she's, she's just been in a denture business for about like 28 years. That's sick. So just learned. Yeah. She never went to school for any of it. She just learned to learn to, now she's trying to teach me. I'm a pothead that doesn't know how to learn. So I was doing My bad. Well dude, Thank You for calling in. That's very sick. Hopefully that guy gets his fucking teeth back. Yeah, His smile. Does he have a back set or is he just at home? Just fucking like Coming? Well, this only took like about an hour, so he's probably just chilling somewhere waiting to eat. She's Probably just suck Somebody off.


Do you ever like, oh, so you don't even get to see the old people. You're just straight to you're B2B sales right? To the dentist? Yeah. We're technically, we're not allowed to work with the public because it's technically illegal. So we have to go through like a referral with the dentist. That's some dentistry bullshit, bro. That's them hot. Those guys are reeds. Dude, the dentist. I really don't like dentists. They're basically car mechanics to me. Damn. Yeah, those guys man, they really do. And then with the fucking orthodontists, they're thick as thieves. Yeah. Go to the dentists. He's like, you need braces. He told my dad, my dad needed braces. My dad freaked out. He Called me a nerd. I'm 55, I'm 55 years old. What the fuck do I want braces for you? I giving shit what my teeth look like. I think it was His, my dad thought that was gay.


Yeah, He's Gay. Yeah. That is a why I think it saved 55-year-old man. You know? That was Crazy. I Got six kids. Thank You man. Good luck in the, the teeth sales. I kind, I like that man. Yeah, that was a Nice, nice talk with you. Thank You So long. Thank You guys for picking me. Yo. You rolling? No. Proud. It was awesome to talk To you. You too. Roll. Have a nice day. Peace. Get One of these motherfucking bros. Now we're ripping. Why did we even tried it? Why? We did the same thing last time we tried to do a podcast. Yeah. And it's impossible. I'm just staring at the bros. I'm like, they're not laughing. Fuck Yeah. The bros bro Was your straight face. Your best effort is going. I was watching somebody munch. Just eve.


There's a guy playing oblivion. Do you wanna talk to the guy who's having fertility issues? Yes, please. Yes. That Who's The guy stuck in la? Me pose. You saw? Let's go a fertility issue. Let's lemme pee Real quick. Which Way? Now we can say whatever the hell we Want. Alright, boys. What's up? What up? You gotta hold it. What up? Hold it for a second. I don't think none of you hold what though? Hold it. What? That's why you gotta hold it, brother. Oh, just hold the question. Yeah. Oh, I Gotta hold the question. I gotta wait. You mean? Yeah, match the speed. We chop it up for a little. Where are you from man? I'm noticing an accent. Yeah, man. This is Europe. Like, I mean, I love you bro. But the, the whole sort of getting it down, dark room smoking indoors isn't the vibe in Europe.


We got sun, we got, We got bare feet on the fucking I see This is fine. Girl's about to come home. She's gonna cook dinner. This, this life is great in Europe. Where In Europe? Where at in Europe are you, you Netherlands, man, s like the other big city in in, in like near Amsterdam. Yeah. That sounds awesome. But yeah, I wanted to chop it up. What's the lady go make for dinner? You got her and there gonna work on Could be anything. Honestly, I don't, I don't Get involved in that. Comes to the table. I Exactly. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. There's Some Probably some weird fish. Some weird fish. What happened? What fuck that was as stray from Ramir.


What? He assaulted his culture man. He assaulted his culture. Assaulted. Yeah. Matt, What? He asked me what I was gonna have for dinner and he said I was gonna have some weird fish brother Because he's from, he's from Rotterdam. Where is he from? Yeah, Rotterdam. Rotterdam In the Netherlands, bro. It's some good European sunny vibes up in here. Yeah, He la la Mayor's bringing his fucking hatred. Exactly. Trying to get the GoFundMe money. I get it. Yeah, he was saying, can I ask you a Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I I I wanted to ask a question. So Sure. Today I've been, my girlfriend and I, we've been trying to get kids. It hasn't been the easiest. So we've been doing IVFI don't know if any of you are familiar A little bit. Yeah. So the thing now is that like, this is Europe, so socialized healthcare.


So you just get a doctor assigned to you basically, And you go through the whole thing. But I gotta be honest, my girl's aging a bit, so we gotta go private now. Gotta Yeah. Like pay a lot of money for it to get it done, bro. What is it like to be a dad? And what, like how do I deal with the fear of baby not becoming a dad, but still like, marrying the girl? Like the love of my life? Yeah. Like how do you, how do you balance those things? It's a serious question, but I just wanted to ask it. You're asking if it's worth the money to have a kid? No, no, no, no, no. It's worth the money, Bro. Is it, is it worth the money? Yeah, I'd say But you gotta, I mean, she isn't home yet. Yeah. Keep an eye on that door.


Yeah. I mean, I'm looking by, did you mind me asking how much chicken six, how much do they want? It's not that much actually we're, we're thinking of going to Spain. It's like I try Yeah, probably it's like probably like seven, eight K ish. But that's like one treatment And you can have up to three treatments so it could easily, like Andrew Schultz talked about it in his, in his specialty. He was like, it, it was, it was 30 K for him, which is probably what it'll cost in the end. So Yeah, in the grand scheme of things. Yeah, I I could see that. So what is, what's the process? My, my question is, well, the process is like, what they do is they basically, it's kind of, it kind of sucks in a way. They, they pump your babe full of hormones.


So they get like uber pregnant or like, they get like Uber ready for pregnancy tight and then Yeah, that's pretty nice. I Might get, I might do step one, bro, Bro. So they, they basically, and then they go in with like, I mean, I don't wanna get too descriptive 'cause there's, there might be some kids in there, I don't know, but like the not yet, Not Yet has to happen. But what they do is they basically, they then suck out the eggs and then they, then I have to like, go into a room and I mean, you don't wanna look at porn, But you sort of do because you gotta wag one out and then basically you, they put one and two together and then you gotta get out of it. Okay.


Yeah. I Mean, so that's, and, and then, and then they put that back. Basically that's, so that's the whole thing. So they, so they make a bunch of embryos, bunch of kids, and then they put 'em back one, one by one usually. How, How long have you guys been trying for Bro? We've had four miscarriages, man. Ah, ah, Right, right. Sorry to hear that. That's rough. Yeah, that's, yeah, we actually, we had our last one Saturday. That's the, oh shit. So that's, that's the reason we're now like, I've been phoning clinics all day, but like, since they're based abroad, like for me, they're, they're abroad. So it's like, it's like phoning a bunch of Spanish ladies. Not all of them can talk English. So it's been, it's been difficult. We don't get taught. Yeah, exactly. I thought so. Like, we don't get taught Spanish in school, so it's terrible.


Anyway, it's funny, it's very funny that he's had a horrible thing happen to him four days ago and he's still in so much better spirits than the other Europeans. That's what I mean. Look true. This is what, this is what makes me happy. Look at This. Oh, That's a Good kid. How can I not be happy, bro? How fucking not be happy. No. So to answer your question, your original question. Yeah man, if you guys are trying already and I'm, I'm guessing pay wants a kid. Obviously you have to, you kind of have to go through it, you know what I mean? I, I would say because if you just never, you Gotta spend all the money, right? Yeah. You gotta, man, I, I would do it 'cause it's like, it'll be sick once you have a kid. It'll be awesome. And you can't, like, if you try and then just say like, eh, you know, fuck it, let's just not do this.


It's, it's gonna be, she'll probably be very sad. So that too. But like do, like is it like, is fatherhood worth it? Is my last question about this? Is it worth it? Yeah. It's Also, or is it overhyped? No, I mean, that'd be sad if I was like, yeah, it's fucking overhyped dude. It sucks. It's sick. It's all, well, it could be, It could be. I think It all all depends on the person. There's definitely dads that are like, this is way overhyped, I'm going to leave this kid. So yeah, No, that, that, so my childhood, my, my childhood sucked. So I want to have a good childhood for this kid, so I'll make sure of that. But like the, the whole process, like the pain, like the hormones, everything. Like, I was wondering if it was overhyped could be that you, you could be honest and say, well, this kind of sucks. But if You're, I mean, it's frustrating.


It's very difficult. It's like an all encompassing time suck. But I, I think it's awesome. I just to give you, like, last night I was sitting there, I was putting my kids to bed like, you know, three and five. And we do a thing every night. We lay on the floor. It's called camp. We camp first before they get into bed. 'cause I gotta, like, if I put 'em right into bed, they're like, I don't wanna go to sleep. So I'm like, let's camp. We lay on the floor, I make up stories. I had a, and even now too, with making up stories, you can use chat GBT, which again, some people are like, don't fucking use that. Because yesterday I was sitting there, That's a cop out, bro. No, dude, I'm telling you, you gotta Use your, your fantasy. You have A fantasy. Fantasy. Do I do I tell them stories from the dome all the time. But last night, my, it was actually yesterday during the day my, my five-year-old was like, dad, what a gobbling fart smell.


Like, I was like, I, I don't know, probably pretty bad. And she, she's always like, ask your phone, like, ask your phone. What? Like what, what color does it make if you mix fucking green and purple? And you know, all these questions. I just ask Google like, what color does that make? And then yesterday I was like, I wasn't getting a question. I, I asked chap GBT like what, what does it smell like when it, how bad are goblin farts? And it was like, gave me a very in-depth answer. And it was like, would you like a story about a goblin farting? And it gave me the sickest story about like a goblin army. There's humans on the edge being like, my wood, what does this smell? It was just fun. What did they smell like? What did they smell like? It was like a highly sulfurous smell mixed with like, the flesh of nude. It was, it was pretty in depth.


But then, so either way, so like, that was just a sidebar. But then, so we're laying there, we're doing camping at nighttime. I'm there with my kids and like, I'm like putting 'em both to bed. We're laying there. I'm, I'm, I was just telling 'em stories off the cuff. I had to do a story about fairies for Maya. Then I had to do a s a story about mermaids for Chloe. And they need to be putting the story. If you tell 'em a story and they're like, yeah, but where are we in this? It's like, All right, fucking, you guys are there too. You're fucking, and and then, so like my oldest falls asleep. I finished the mermaid story and I like just kind of like pat my, I I was like, All right, you gotta get into bed. I put the three-year-old into bed and she just reached back and just kissed my arm. And I was just like, oh, I just melted just a little. I will say a little kid, like right before they go to bed, just like giving you a little sweet peck on the arm after you hit the mermaid tail.


It was so sweet. I'm still spinning off. It's like the best, honestly, probably the best feeling in the world. But Bro, and that, and that's the thing I'm looking for, like, like shout out La Mer but she's probably gonna make some weird fish. But I, I like, I like truth be told. Like I don't, I I like she would be the greatest mom ever. Like, so the, the all, everything, everything is perfect. But it's just the, the process of getting a kit, like if it would, it would be as simple as it normally is. It would be great anyway. But yeah, that's such a minor. I mean that's, that's story that you told me that, that that's just, that's the thing that, that's worth a million. That's the, that's worth more than 30 grand. That's worth a million. If you, if you can pay it. If You can swing it, do it. You know what I mean? If you, I understand. If you're like, bro, I literally can't swing that.


Totally fair. But if you can swing it. Yeah. 'cause otherwise, the cool thing about once you have kids, you're like, holy fuck. Like you have so much free time before you have kids, But you can't appreciate it. You're just like sitting around like, oh, I'm going aboard. What should I do today? That's not, at least that's how I was. Yeah, that's how I was. And then you have kids And you have like fucking no free time anymore. Right? So when you get those little slivers of free time, it's like, it's truly amazing. And you, it's something to like, I don't know, it's like something to really pour your time and energy into, which otherwise will just get sucked into like funding, funding fucking hatred. GoFundMe. And So I, I would say it's one of the best things in the world. It gives your life a lot of meaning. If you do it properly or you can get into like negative parenting mode, which is like, this sucks And you get can do that whole trip, but Right.


It fucking rules. I think it's awesome. It's very hard. Josh, what do you think? Josh has fucking three kids. Right? It is great, but it is a little bit like torture. Like It is torture. Yeah. It's tedious, but It's loving torture. Right Josh? It's tedious. It's loving torture. No, it's Torture. Yeah. Regular. Oh fuck what's it called? Where they just, they drop the one, the drip? Yeah, it's the drip Chinese drip thing. Yeah. Chinese Water torture. Chinese water torture. Oh, death by a thousand paper cuts is what you mean. It's like by a, It is torturous in the aspect of like, you're in bed, it's eight 15. Sure. Usually fall asleep by 8 15, 8 31 of 'em has gotten a nap. That was a little long. So now you're like, this motherfucker might stay up till nine o'clock And you just, you're like, every day you're like, they go to bed and it is a sweet feeling.


You're like, fucking, finally they're sleeping And you have this little bit of free time. But when they eat into that free time by not going to bed every minute of that is genuinely tortured. Just being like, hum on. But I, I just lay on the floor, I lay on the floor in the room and I just slowly, I'm like, come on, you gotta go to bed. And then like, I just use that as time to kind of like meditate. I just kind of lay there quietly and just chill. And then, 'cause otherwise every time they're like, can I have some water? You're like, motherfucker, Fuck bro. I don't. I I've, I've, I've two cats. I have two cats. I, I sort of know what that feeling's like. But the only problem is they don't talk back and they scratch really hard. I hope kids don't do that. But we'll find out. I hope we'll find out. Scratch, I don't wanna take any more of your time because there's probably other bros that wanna That's A great, that's a great question.


I would say definitely do it and like Yeah, don't, and the whole process of it, it's like you just gotta get 'em in there. It doesn't matter how you do it, get 'em in there. Exactly. And just fucking out Exactly. Some laboratory shit and we'll, we'll get it done. Shove, shove the money over to the Spanish people. The gimme s the Spanish scientists. Send it to the Spanish brujas. Honestly, honestly, I would almost, I was about to shout out the fertility clinic because the, some of the doctors they have are way too fine. And I haven't told my my my bisexual girlfriend yet because shots are way too great, but whatever. I'll leave it at that. I'll leave it at That. Yeah. Instead of the porn. Just get one of these doctors in here to fucking JOI me.


I'm not doing that. No, that's too much. That's too much. Yeah, that might be too much. You got, you, you have, I mean, you'll be at do you can hold them at dong point and be like, no, giz, you guys wanna business. I need, I need the science to work effectively. I do need the science to work effectively. I don't know if I'm gonna do it that way though. Thank You. Well, best of luck friend. Yeah, best of luck, dude. Thank You bro. Thank You. That's, Thank You. Have a good one. Bye-bye. You Too, man. Bye-bye. Hello everybody. This is the end of the regular episode. Join us on Patreon if you want to hear the rest of the Zoom Jam. Have a great rest of your week. Goodbye.