
Obviously we're ready. Shawn. Yo Deal Born. I was ready this morning, man. You should have called me at six 30. I woke up being like, I'm ready to fucking podcast. All I thought about today was podcasting. Can't get enough. As soon as that red light comes on, we're on and we're here to talk. Cancel culture. I mean, I'm active right now. I'm ready to punch over it. Are You ready to do it? Yeah, I'm Ready to Throw the wands. I'll punch it. Fucking, I'm Ready to throw the Wands. I'll throw, I'll throw a wand done too. I can't stop watching videos about that. White rapper keeps saying the N word and he's like, I'm ready to punch on it. He's ready to punch over it. Someone wants to even look if you even thinks someone's looking at him sideways. He's like, I'm ready to punch about it. I think that's the only way he, He's giant dude. He's a giant man. That's how people seem to get away with saying the N word.


There's certain guys out there, like the Puerto Ricans. Yeah, there is dirty white. They might punch over this. They could punch over it. But there are some, I've met a couple dirty white boys who would just like, casually not like, like they would just casually drop the N word in conversation. I'd just be kind of like, Yeah, it kind of takes you outta the conversation a little. A little bit. No, that Was weird. It's A real, it's a real delineator where you're like, yeah, shit. They're like sussing me out. They're like, I think I could, yeah. It was kind of like one of those things where like, yeah, I'm not really about this life. You guys are living Typically. Any, any, any non-African American saying the N word is sussing you out when they say it. I think so. I mean, they say it could be your uncle in the car and he says, there you go. It could be Your Lawyer. So he gets skulling bones.


Uncle, I'm not very comfortable with this. You should. You should record him. Yeah. It's a tough spot when someone else says the N word. Yeah. But you know. Yeah. I mean he, I mean the rat. His name's Gin Lee, by the way. That's his rapper. That's his rapper, yes. Gin Lee. And he's just like, the problem was he stopped saying it 'cause he like started getting some success and he had like people, like managers being like, you gotta stop saying the N word. Yeah, that'll Happen. He had managers like, yo, you gotta stop. But he said his music was, it was ass. 'cause he was like, I just, it threw off my whole thing. If you, especially if you're rapping using the N word and you take it away. That's, it's important. It's Tough. It's a key component to hip hop.


It's, I mean, it's definitely useful. Yeah. It's the bedrock. But yeah. So then he came back after the shit wasn't working. He goes, I'm wanting to do it. They're like, no, no, no, no. It'll do it. I wanna do it again. Now he's do it. He's back on his bullshit Where Papa John's will follow the same route, Go back on their Bullshit. And he's just like, when a pizza sales are down, dude, it ain't right. I gotta go back to how I used to talk. Yeah. John just has to be genuine. John is pretty genuine. He is. Doesn't, doesn't he still live with a castle in Kentucky? Dude, I obviously Sandy n Edward, he lives in a castle. I mean, that's gotta be crazy in a castle in Kentucky with like a goblet. Just thinking about the time he said the N word. I mean, imagine though, 'cause a lot of business heads are like really stoked on cursing. That's like a high level Yeah.


CEO thing because they're Bad at it. I don't give A fuck guys. Yeah, yeah. Everyone's like, oh shit. He was probably like, I'm about to take this shit to the next level. It works though. If you, if you curse. Yeah. If, if your boss swears, everyone's like, dude, my boss is so cool. Oh yeah. He says like, shit. And fuck in the meetings in the morning. He says, fuck at work, dude. It's so badass. It's like wolf of Wall Street in there. It's so cool. We were at a happy hour when he called our one coworker. Wow. Wow. It was so awesome. It was so awesome. He called a wages bitch. It was so fucking sick. That happens when you're in an office. You're like in school forever, essentially. Yeah. Like, you can't say bad words.


No bad words. You can't say anything suggestive. It's like you're in school, bro. You can't even dump for too long. They come looking for you. Yeah, true. Yeah. You gotta sign out for the bathroom. I was taking liberties with those dumps, bro. I was taking hour long dumps. Oh yeah. Yeah. It was nice. I've, I mean, I've totally faked them. Oh yeah. I would just go read. I would go read my Kindle. I just sit up there and read. Taking a fake dump at work and just knowing you've like crushed, clipped off. 15 minutes an Hour. Yeah. You were an hour, hours, hours. I was hit hours. Hours of Creature. I was, when I was working at that fucking factory, I would just sleep. Yeah. That's kind of nice. I would just go hide in the locker room and sleep. That's the best. They hated me for it. I'd always get so scared to sleep at work.


I've tried it. I did it in an office. There was one guy who wouldn't come in on a certain day and I would go to his like office. It was all like dark. There was no lights on. Yeah. I would just lay in the corner and try to sleep. That Fucking rules Though. But I'd be so fucking like, oh yeah. So jacked up if I, I get caught. Yeah. I was worried about getting caught sleeping at work. If you can somehow pull it off. I mean, that's the only thing the Factory was easy to sleep at. 'cause it was The hours were, yeah, I was literally falling asleep. Night Shift is like, people sleep. I night shift Rules. It's kind of accepted to sleep shift. Sleep on my shift. I shift. Yeah. It's kind of acceptable to be like, dude, I'm gonna go fucking take an hour long nap. The, when I worked at an auto auction, I could, I could pull off a nap in a car. My job would be to go clean the cars. I would just find one far as fuck, turn it on and get the AC going.


Not clean a single car. I actually slept at every job I've ever had. I slept at, I used to have to build furniture. I worked at a outdoor place. I was, my job was, they just put me in a warehouse and like, assemble some furniture. Build one bed, one bench sleep, sleep on it. S like a homeless guy. Just fucking wake up five hours later. Be like, oh shit. Give it the homeless guy. Fade it Through a whole day of work. Just like, fuck. I didn't build one. Yeah. That is the ultimate, I mean, that's like the click remote. Yeah. Of being able to just be like, I'm gonna accelerate time. Yeah. I just lose consciousness for a while. Wake up offices are tough. I've never slept in an office. It's tough. It's a tough one. Yeah. It's tough. It's tough to lay on the floor and business casual and take a nap.


Yeah. You're so like a sweater vest. Like, I would've my friends come test drive cars. That's Cool. That's a nice move. Oh, I just leave for an hour. Go get lunch. Chill. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, But you, I had him. He was a right. He was for right fucking Man. That guy was fucking tricky. He just fucking laughed. I don't know. I didn't even get 'em. Yeah, Dude. I, anyway, possibly, So I went to laser tag for my birthday. I didn't wanna do anything. Brittany asked, said, what do you wanna do? I was just like, dude, I just wanna like eat like dinner and just go to sleep. I'm like, kind of, you know. She's like, we're gonna do, we're gonna do laser tag. And I was like, All right. That actually might be kind of sick, dude. Then I, I made, I, I wouldn't, I don't know if I'd call it a mistake, but I was like, I'm gonna get like really stoned and just go to laser tag.


That'll be kind of fun, dude. So I, like, I sit, I, I ate a little edible and they, on the, before I went in there, I just like smoked a joint in my car. And I was like, All right. I was Vietnam dude. I was You're smoking it outta the barrel with shotgun. I was, I told him he had A shotgun on you to light it. I told Brittany, I was like, I wanna be in there like a Vietnam vet. Just being like, what the fuck? Yeah. What are we even doing here, dude, I got, but I, the, but I what the battle was great. What really rocked me was pre battle administrative stuff. Yes. With the laser tag employees. 'cause I thought Brittany was gonna handle all that. We forgot the cake. So I was like, ah, fuck. So she was like on the phone trying to get someone to bring the cake to the laser, the laser tag place. Which I had like a kid's party room, which was the fuck. It was so funny. Yeah. I said the little sequestered room with like purple chairs.


Was it just you and your family or did you invite It was Bros. It was like la, me, Sean. Oh, you guys went and played laser tech? Yeah. Oh, sick. It, it was, dude, it was, He also smoked weed beforehand. Yeah, It was Nahm dude. It was totally Nam. It was nom. But I, when I walked in there, did You guys let La Mer go first? Like they did in Vietnam? They go, you clear out the tunnels, You are black. You need a scout. So it was, yeah, it was like the bros, some of the bros from the neighborhood and like, so we all go, but I was, me and Brittany were like there first and she was like, you talk to like, set it all up. I gotta figure out this cake. And I'm like, pretty fucking high. And it like, I'm, I don't know how to, trying To figure out a cake. Well, I'm trying to figure out the rules Of combat with logistics of getting a cake. I'm trying to Logistics and battle.


She doing a cake. Was It a teenage, was it a teenager instructor? It was like a maybe in their mid, this is what bugged me out. So I'm, I'm like very high Brittany's handling obviously the fucking, the food. Yeah. She's, she's like, that's like, you know, slop just rations for the soldiers. And then it's like, I gotta figure out logistics. So I go in and I'm talking to this, I mean, maybe in her mid twenties or thirties there's like just ladies Too old to be instructing laser tech. Well That's the, I don't, I didn't wanna like sound shitty, but I was so high. Just the lady was talking to me. I couldn't hear a word she was saying. 'cause I was like, damn, You are at laser tech. Like trying now. Not like in a condescending way, but I was like in a con setting way, but I was like fully the reality of working. Yeah. To grasp that laser tag as an adult. Exactly. Yeah. I was just be being like completely untethered by being like, what the fuck, dude.


And then in there it was a slow night. It was Monday night. So in, there's like laser tag and then like slash arcade. I was just like, take in the whole ecosystem of being like, who owns this place? You two fucking work here at Laser Tech? I was like, damn, this is crazy. And then there was like, like a couple that's Double homicide. Yeah. But then, but then there was like, then there were these like, you know what a casino you'll have like the real card sharks and like how card counters. There were like weird, like cat-like nerds walking around just quietly by themselves. Just pulling tickets outta machines. That's where I saw that video. Yeah, Dude. It was the Mayor got lost in the, the king of the games.


We couldn't find the, he almost Didn't make the first battle. He almost deserted. He was in, I Searched all over before he Canada, he was in Game Canada. He went to Montreal Dodge. Dude, you know the level of nerds? Like, you'll just see him somewhere and they're just sitting like this. It was like, There was like those level of, They always sitting like that. Just, Just sharking. Yeah. Like fucking arcade games. Like devastating this fucking business. Why is shit like that? You know? Dude, I bet you fucking sit like that. You jack off like that. You really do. Yeah. He, You said you did. Yeah, Back in the day. Dude. That's you. You might have out, you might have sized outta your, no, I can do it if I need dork sitting.


You might have sized outta your dork sitting. I can do a, I can do a throwback dork sit. Always Making Friends with the dorks. Of course Dork. He's the king of the games. They could probably feel it. Probably a disturbance in the laser tag. S like the king of the games is here. The prophecy is fulfilled. Getting A lot of tickets. I did get a lot of tickets. I also stole a lot of tickets. It was a good job. How do you steal tickets? You know, someone Left Me, I left them there. They Mind, I was crushing basketball and I got like a gazillion tickets and I left them down. I was like, there was a couple kids in there and I'm like, yeah, maybe the kids will take these tickets. Nope. It was A 38-year-old man.


He got it easy. He got a sword. He got a foam sword. Oh yeah. He Got a foam sword. We were driving home Into the collection. Yeah. They got Three sword now. And Nate were in one car and Guardini was in his. And me and Brittany were behind them. And we just see them, those two pull up at a light. And I just see fucking, or it was like a getting on a highway and I just see La me sword come out the window. It was so funny. Fucking thing. It was so funny. Dude. The gameplay. And we're gonna go back too. I'm going, I gotta play again. Laser tag rules. Dude. This is the biggest indoor laser tag play is, It's the one, right? What's it called? Down South Blazer tag. Okay. Dude, I am not going. It was, yeah, the one With the aliens on the Yes.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive past it all the time and I'm like, oh, I need to get, that is the mothership, bro. I'm telling you, it's 10 times more fun than you. I like, that was the thing. I was like, I got in there, I'm like just standing there all high, being like, what the fuck dude, people, this is like embarrassing. Everyone's calling to play laser tag for me. Like, And then I got in there and I'm like, this is maybe the most fun I've had. It's so fun, bro. And the fucking, the action of those things was good. Some laser tags kind of bullshit. These things. That's what I was gonna ask. Kind of precise, bro. Was It two stories? Two Stories, bro. Two levels. Three. Yeah. Could you, was it open on the third? Could you shoot down? Oh Yeah, bro. Oh, that's the best bro. There was little cutouts you can kinda hide and snip. That's the best you could storm it. Like, and there was three colored coded teams.


So it was like red, blue, green. And then like, you would have to run around, see someone's vest. You'd see your, your fucking, your allies. Then you'd end up like taking over a chunk of like a base and just battling across. And like, I would try to storm the castle. Dude, it was, Were you running? Yes. Yeah. I, I broke the rules. I was running. Yeah, I knew you were running. My name was, I have a Word. I'm gonna talk to that woman. Sliding. I was sliding. I also, You are not sliding, dude. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Is A Call of Duty Dude. There was a ramp there. There, there was like down ramps and shit. Yeah. First of all, my, my name was Butt stuff. 'cause you meant to make your own name. So this Lady, this Is just a, you're describing exactly just a classic laser deck trip. It doesn't change your funny name. You get a little high, you go in, you go, this is gonna suck.


It's the best Dude. The lady had to read the name. She'd be like thick daddy butt stuff. Who was the daddy? I think James. James. James tried to be 69 and she's like, you can't be that. So he is like, I'll be thick daddy. And I was like, I'll take B-U-T-T-S-T-U-F-F and just walked away real quick Butt stuff. Yeah. Spyder, Spyder. La mayor walks In late. There's this, there's this whole, whole group. It's probably like 18 people. La mayor walks like, Lamar, you gotta give the lady a name. And he just goes, is Spyder taken yet? And she's like, no, you're good. He is like, yes. Walked. I can't believe Spyder was available. I know, Right? This is a classic. That's where you go.


Spider's a classic. When you go with God dog. Nate was naughty and I was nicey. That's not bad. There was one point where I'm like, I'm nicey. I'm like, ducking. You can like duck and come up these things. And I would, you know, I'd see people over there and I like, I knew someone was like right around the corner. So I like crawl up a ramp. And then I jumped, slid out sideways. Tag max pain them. It was, yeah. It was just Lily going, what the fuck are you doing? I was like, My bad. Just fucking ran. Oh, sorry. Yeah dude, I was belly crawl. 'cause you crawl on your belly, you're blocking the whole front. Yeah. Crawling my belly. Pop up. And then I hit, my cousin was up high, hit me in the back and Paul was, I just like, dude, what the fuck? Damn. Yeah, it was, it was, we have to go back and do that again, dude.


It is. I mean, I couldn't believe I couldn't get over how fun that was played two games. Yeah, it'd be awesome. So sick, so Sweaty. Yeah. You get sweaty in there. We were all so sweaty, but The Rest of the friends weren't as sweaty us. Yeah. In the, the pizza room was So I could see Dorking out in there. James was sweaty. Yeah. We all, It'd be fun to watch James fire a gun. Like he was probably, I could see he's got dork feet. You hit up and he goes, ah, Ah, ah. He got me. Yeah, he was Australian Special forces in there, dude. He Was. He was. That's exciting stuff, man. Yeah, it was pretty, pretty nasty. It was. Nate was getting, Nate was ing around. He was pretty, it was pretty funny.


He's ed up dude. He was, We were full of burritos too. We just ate burritos that morning. Who was farting in there? That could have been anyone. But Spyder has my bug. Spyder Is a golfer. It was me. Brittany was complaining about it. She was like in other worldly sten. She was like, I don't know who was farting in there. It was, but There was fucking there. Dude, I just fugate that fucking room, Dude. I had to get the cobwebs out. Spyder Spyder. Fucking disgusting. She ran right into a spiderweb, dude. She kept be like, did you smell it There? I was like, no. She goes, dude, it was the worst smell.


It's the worst fart I've ever smelled about. And I said, I had literally told her. I was like, I have a suspect, but Don't wanna be one suspect. I have blazer tags most wanted. Dude. I think it was Nate too. We had the same, I can see, I can see the other to getting him all you guys are doing bio. Yeah. Fuck fucking guys. Farting, laser tag.


Sweaty as fuck. It was, it was truly, It was fucking, it Was, yeah. Is what a better way to ring in your Fucking black guys. 30. I like, I got Back that night and I was just reflecting on my 39th birthday and I was like, yeah, you were Fucking 12 year old's birthday. I skateboarded. I skateboarded all day. And then I smoked weed about the laser. That's fucking crazy. You did that? I was kind of Wait, your kids were there, right? No, It was just adults. Oh my God. My kids couldn't, I would've never put them in battle like that.


I Thought for sure this was a family affair. No, this was an adults. Just adults. Adults only was it. But there was definitely just little kids in there with you playing laser tag. It was, no, it was private. Oh, it was private. We didn't rent the whole thing out. But it was our group. And then there was another group between ours. We got like a 15 minute break and then our group went back in. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. No little kid. I mean, I wouldn't have mine. Some little cann fodder. I didn't, I didn't like it. The cannon fodder bothered me. Especially those little fuckers run around and they'll just walk up to you and just, well keep shooting. You go fucking, Come on man. The Cool thing is though, you get hit, you go out, you can't be hit for six seconds until you come back to like your, your gun makes a noise. Okay. So that was like, yeah, if you got hit, you're out. You couldn't get hit again. But there was also these big power up detonators that like, if it would be like three, two, if you hit it in time, you get like, your gun would get like contra, like super ammo or, cause you have like an ammo count.


It's kind of nuts. But yeah, there was a lot you could get like there was like landmines around you. Like if they went off near you, you would just, it was pretty sick. Laser tag man. It was, Yeah. Even better than I remembered. And I played, I mean, I gave it literally my all, like I was, yeah. First game was a learning curve. I had to figure out a couple things about gameplay. Second game I was ripping, dude, it was fun. You have like rank, you come out, you see like your stat. It's, I mean, it's literally cold. Dude, Who was, who was number one Actually Guard dog? You're claiming you were number One? I was number two. But Tootsie Roll was number one. And he was on my team. Tootsie Roll was Rhett what? I believe he number one of the first game was Rhett.


No, that was Mystique. Mystique. Yes. I took sixth in the first game. Second and the second game. Ninth. First Game You got ninth. Yeah. That's pretty good. I got, I got like 11th and then eighth. So, but here's the thing. I had a lot, I got, So I got hit a lot. So I got, if Your GuardDog was the best, I I'm pretty good at Laser jet. Well the thing that they, they kind of, the one thing I don't like, they do kind of reward, cowardice and battle game. Yeah. So I, I wasn't being cowardly. You took The higher ground immediately. Yeah, I was, I was Moving. That's just the right. I mean that was, that was good. But I was storming castles. I was going in, but I, I was getting hit a lot and I'm, I'm just kidding. I'm not fucking with your, I'm not playing with your guy. I'm not messing with your game. Maybe you got some cowardice, but that's Fine. No, I wasn't coward. You were a tactician. I, I was, you know, I was very Tactical. I have a question for Spyder. When were these farts happening?


Was it During The game or where was this? The, the farts. Was it in the cake room? Yeah. Every time I, Well, No way. It was in the cake room. That was, it was After I got killed. Every time I got killed I was like, okay. Not every time, but, And then you body would del Yeah. Yeah. Six. Like people are gonna go away. You know, it was like the death rattle. Yeah. You got killed Or you would just release. Yeah, I would go in the corners. So it was in the game. Yeah. It Was definitely a Big game. So like during the game, players were walking around, they'd hit your Fart and be like, oh yeah dude. Yeah. And this was a big place like dude, I mean there was literally a three level walkup ramp. Yeah. I mean, if he's hitting farts, that's basically an outside fart.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Although I'm sure laser tag fog doesn't help. That's Probably, it probably traps the farts By carrying the fog and guardian. I'm just kidding you. You didn't, you wouldn't play like a cow. You fought bravely and you fought. Well, I'm just being jealous. Thank You. We didn't even take it so fucking serious. I'm not taking it serious, Man. You guys have been experiencing fifth, sixth grade level fun. Wrestling was fun. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. How was that? It was awesome. Fuck. I got a compliment from a diva. What? Yeah. You did get a compliment from a diva. And I didn't Like that. She liked my glasses. Did she like your glasses? Yeah. And I Wish she looked at the eyes behind the Glasses. What was her name? Liv Morgan. Liv Morgan. Damn. That was a tough one. Liv Morgan was just, Yeah.


The only thing, she just came by and said hi for a second and she was like, I like your glasses to him. And I was just, I wish Liv Morgan said something nice to me. Should Have stunned her. I should have. Oh my God. Shane. Gil was, Shane Gillis was smacking a diva. Oh my god. I could have smacked the, they were like, are you getting in the ring? I was like, no, I'll fuck my knee off. Blow a fucking knee out and smack. Only if I win. Yeah. Yeah. That's gotta be the height of it though. Matt McConaughey. That was intense. What was he There too? Yeah, he was. And he was like, right when we got there, he got there at the same time and we were backstage and he was like, what's up man? Just got like directly in my face. He was like, how you Doing?


Yeah man. I was like, holy shit. He was awesome though. He seems, I heard he is The man. Yeah. He was as cool as it gets. Damn. Got to hang out with him during the fights sick. It was awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. That'd be tight. I would love, I mean, everyone wants to have McConaughey energy just rub off of him. It was awesome. It's just like looking people in the eye and like, ah. Yeah. He's just like, fuck dude. You fucking fucking World dude. You doing man. He's so, so fucking cool. His cowboy hat kept bumping into me. He's that close. He's he's a close guy. That's so sick. He's an intense guy. Yeah. It was so sick. What was your favorite part of the wrestling? You guys got on the suck it cam. That was all On the suck. It cam suck. It Cam ruled. I thought McConney would be like shorter. He was like, wait taller. He's Big guy. Yeah.


Yeah. And then Sean, Jimmy fucking bunny ears on my big moment. Yo. Yo, What the fuck? I was just having fun. Damn. After the diva fucking Was that after the diva told you like, I thought I could get him. I thought I spent the rest of the night pretending to be angry. Yeah. He didn't fall for it. Once I spent the rest of the night going like, dude, this actually kind of like fucked up and he didn't fall for my trick. Usually you fall for those. Yeah. Usually I can get you. Well I overheard you talking to somebody else. Oh, you heard Me? You heard me, me reveal my plan. I'm actually mad at him, So I'm Gonna pretend like I'm Mad at him. Fuck. I probably wasn't too secretive. I'd had a couple drinks. I, I was gonna say, you fucking thinks I'm mad Is a loud drunk.


Don't keep Doing it. His a loud Drunk was me. It was the best night of my life. That was a really fucking great night. Fluffy was there. It was pretty nice. Yo, how about that Fluffy pop? Yeah, That Was, that was a humbling. Who was Fluffy? Gabriel? Yeah, Gabriel the comedian. Oh, okay. So I was thinking Fluffy the wrestler, The fuck is it? Put me on the jumbotron. It was like, yeah, they put Fluffy on. I was like, ah. I was like It A I That is a lad. A heavy lad activity though. It is a heavy lad activity. So not taken away. No. Especially in Austin, Texas. That was mostly lads. Yeah. There were a ton of fucking lats there dude. Dude. Yeah. Yeah Dude. They fucking invented Wrestl. They invented fake wrestling. That's Lucia.


Yeah. Lucia Dore. Dude. That is, I mean, yeah, that is the best. Wrestling does have the best fan base. I do like that. Everyone's just having fun. White black downs. Oh yeah. Everyone, dude, That kid was up front ro he was every time Like he was, he got a Turn buckle. He did get a turn. Matthew McConaughey threw him a turnbuckle. What? That's as cool as I guess. Yeah. That should be the WWE should change their slogan to Let's get retarded in here. Like, this is real. Just like, It's awesome. Like Just throw off the weights of the world. Let's just all, Everyone is literally being a child in there. Like a wrestler would walk by. I kept watching this like adult black dude. Like, he would like step up to dresses. Dresses he didn't like. He'd be like, Yeah, fuck you. It was awesome. That Is awesome man. It was, it was great.


It was exciting stuff. The Lady Match, the Lady Match. Lady Match was actually good. Maybe The best match of the night. That Was a wild match. I Loved it that they, they were like, do you guys wanna see? They all started fighting and they were like, do you guys wanna see this at a later date? And everyone was like, no, no. They Were like, how out Right now? And they were like, alright, we'll do it right now. It was like, No way. They're doing it right now. They're gonna do it right now. That's, it'd be crazy if you're like, yeah, actually I'd like to see this in like two weeks. Yeah. I'd like to prepare mentally. I'd like to look into the storylines a little. You know, they didn't Enough time to prepare a week or so. Everyone was awesome. M Rhodes Stroman. They were all Holding the belt. Dude. We got the holding the real belt dude.


God damn Dude. Yeah. That was one, that was one reality show. When I used to watch reality shows with my ex. That was one. I liked the Diva Show. Total divas. Yeah. They were like, I kind of liked, usually you watch kind of reality shows, like Vanderpump Rules. You'd be like, this is just, I'd watch Divas. I'm like, these seem like good down there People, these are good divas. These Are good divas. The bros di are good. Just pro wrestler boyfriends. Just being like kind of supportive. Being like, I totally support You babe. Who's the big diva that shook my hand? Not Jack, Jack, not Jacks. She, she did great. I was cheering for her. What? She's the rock's Cousin. It's the rock's cousin. Yeah. Yeah. She was Awesome. Yeah. Bloodline. She's Bloodline. She's part of the bloodline. Yeah. Put the ones out for the bloodline. The rock.


Does the rock ever go back to anything like that? Or he Yeah, he is like the, he's the ball. He's the final boss now. Is he Really? Yeah. What's up with Vince McMahon's freaky ass. What's he up for? He, he, he's settled outta court. Oh, so he is just chilling Out. Yeah, he is just chilling. They Gotta bring him back. I was saying they gotta like fake execute him in the ring. Give him the Guillotine ring, Put him in the undertaker casket for like a weekend. See if he comes out and just kind of like trash straightens out his weird sexual things. They did it. The ultimate worked on the ultimate warrior. What'd They do? They just put him in the casket and he chilled. You Remember they put him in the casket? They put the undertaker, put the ultimate warrior in a casket. He was never the same.


Oh. Him. Him up fucking like 94. They put the ultimate warrior in the casket for like a weekend. He came out. He was bro, he was fucked up. That's not good. He was, I remember being little and just being like, holy fuck Dude. They changed the water. Be the fucking same. Was it a buried live match or Something like that? I think they just like, they just snag his head. Barry live match would get you, maybe It was a buried alive As a kid. You'd go, he is dead. You don, they just fucking buried him in the arena. You really think you watched a guy die and you're like, what the Fuck? I gotta go to school. Tomorrows he buried him a lot There. John Michael was in front of everyone. What the fuck? Damn. What? What about the guy who died? Didn't the guy for real die.


Yeah. Blew Earnhardt. Owen heart. Yeah. Blew Moon. He fell. He died Like at the place. Yeah, he landed on a fucking Turnbuckle from Blue Blazer. The blue me Blue Blazer. ECW. Blue Blazer. Blue Blazer. Yeah. Blue Blazer. Were you watching that match La Mayor or was that like, You can't, you don't see it happen. Like, okay, so they edited it out. Yeah, but people in the arena were like, oh yeah. Did they continue on with it and was like They, yeah, they continued. They thought he was alive. 'cause he stood up and then fell. Oh, he stood up. Yeah. Well he fell and went one and then, yeah. Oh Shit. Yeah. Yeah. They just Did the rest of the show After that. I mean, you really can't stop it. Vibe, crusher S a vibe Crusher, dude.


Ultimate vibe. Crusher For real. Dude, Ray Mysterio killed a guy. Well he didn't kill a guy. He hit him with a, he started, you know, the 6 1 9 where it starts with the tow drop to the rope. He did that to the guy and the guy like flopped dead onto the rope. What? Yeah. How'd he die? Like contusions or something? I think he had a heart attack. I think he is all, I don't know. But he died there. Wait, hold on. He hit him with the 6 1 9 guy kicked in the neck and he died. No, he, Well, he, yeah, he, the 6 1 9, he does a tow hold where it's like he footed grab his foot and you flip him to the ground and then it's neck. It's when They're laying like facing on the ropes out the ring. Like there's like, like a stepmom. They're stuck.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They could move, but they're stuck. Stuck through the turn buckle. Yeah. They just have their arms like this and their head, like their neck is on the rope facing out and then he runs around and grabs it. Oh. And kicks him back end. Okay. Yeah. And then it just Right spot like a pressure point. Got him. Yeah. Spinal injury. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Raven Steel finished the move. He didn't know A Warrior's death. Yeah. Was this recently? Maybe like 2019. Pretty recent. Recent. Yeah. Dang. So what happens, what, what's a mega fan like you do do when a wrestler dies in the ring? What do you mean? How do you process that?


He died the way he wanted it. You know, it's like a good way to, I don't know. I don't know if it's like a bad way to go, but like, you know, I disagree. I think dying in front of people sucks. That blows, dude. I Know. I don't want anyone to see me die. Yeah. I don't mean to say You fucking out in front of everyone. It's Totally embarrassing. I didn't mean to say Ram Serial killed that guy, but Yeah. Yeah. You know what you meant? Well, I didn't know. Yeah. I thought it was just that one guy who died. That's a shame. More people died. How about that? And then, and then no one ever talks about all those pussies. Vince McMahon fucking straight up killed dude after that.


Damn. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. It was awesome. That was a fun time. Nice man. Triple H bleach breezed by us. He walked behind us real quick. Triple H was there. Yeah. Oh, that would've been cool to see President. Isn't he the president? He's, yeah, he's the boss now. That would've been neat to see. So who's in charge? The Rock or Triple H? Triple H is in charge of wrestling. The Rock is in charge of TKO, which is a company that owns UFC and WWE. Damn. He owns that. Yeah. Shareholder. Shareholder part. Shareholder. I think he is a storyline owner. I could be right? I have no idea. He's got that fucking Moana money. Yeah, true.


And Moana too. Money dude. And Jumanji Shit. Yeah. Yeah. He's caked Rock. Rock is and fucking Fast and Furious. Yeah, he's Oh yeah, he's got, he's so rich. Ff Catch. Yeah. Yeah. The Rock is loaded. Dude. Fast and Furious. Money is like, That's where it's at. Yeah. Dude. Hear me out. Dude. What if you start a new Fast and Furious franchise, but just take a different vehicle? What Are you Thinking? Lime Scooters Gel. Broke Lime scooters. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. You gotta think, you gotta think of something cool. You can like pass underneath like a truck. That's all you need is one, one Cool Lane switch to set off the whole 10 movie franchise. That was big. That was, that was, I was after that, I was like, yep, sign me up for 14 more of these things.


Yep. They haven't gone in space yet, have they? Yeah. Fast and Furious is in space. They Launched Ludicrous and Tyrese into Outer Space in a car. I'm not fucking joking. They Launched Ludicrous in a Car into Outer Space. Did they? I got asked, did they ride dirty into Outer Space? They did. Why'd they launch you with out? I Have no idea. I I didn't see the movie. I just saw that clip. That's gotta be, I mean, dude, what is, that's gotta feel crazy when you're like your 10th movie in and you're just like, you're just you. You know, it's like a trope and a cliche of like, All right, we gotta go to space now. And it's being like, it's gotta be a actually kind of a sweet moment. Where're like, dude, we've made literally so much money we have to go to space.


Yeah, we're taking the f There's Left on his planet for us. We're taking The franchise into space. And you're like everyone just CLS glasses and like, dude, our descendants will never have to work. We've taken a million franchise into space now we have a billion dollars. It's time for my favorite part and yours of the show. That's a dumb ass way to write that. It's,


it's time for my favorite part and yours of the show. PrizePicks. The big game is almost here and it's now or never. Don't miss out on the last football game of the season with PrizePicks the best place to win cash right now. PrizePicks is giving away a free Patrick Mahomes pick. He only needs to throw one yard on Sunday to win your pick. Good luck getting that yard Patty. Yeah, for Real. Yeah. Good luck dude. It's not a given. If you're correct on at least one other step projection, you can win real cash. It's that easy. Let me talk you through it. I just hop on the app and I'll obviously pick the Mahomes free pick. And then we all know I shared my secret that I make my picks based on the best, based on the best looking players. So I'll add on Saquon Barkley because duh, those legs don't miss to score one touchdown. And I'll add Jalen hurts the best looking quarterback with the shiniest chain in the league. Yeah. This is against my religion, man. This Is crazy. To score one touchdown, then submit my lineup in your iconic Trump voice. Boom. Done. Easy as that. Fly. Eagles fly. That was my iconic Trump voice. Thanks for calling it iconic Yo Miss. They also gotta start. They gotta miss me with that other stuff, bro. Here you can get the next one. I know Paul Heavy Paul's on the last paragraph. Join me in the fun this Sunday. We're going to have big runs. I like that. Big scores and obviously big buckets of Brewski. Yo can forget the brew. Matt, what can't you forget? Big Buckets of Brewski, bro. Big buckets of brew skis. Big Buckets, dude. And hopefully big wins on PrizePicks. Combine up to six picks. Picks are what the chiefs will be throwing all day to create your lineup. And you can win up to 1000 times your money instantly. Who's writing this? Real players who Wrote this? Bring me their fucking head. Who wrote this Sunday? Real Players, real sports. Real Cash With over 10 million members and billions paid out in winnings. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. It's the simplest way to win money in over 30 states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code drenched on PrizePicks to get $50 instantly. When you play $5 Win or lose, you'll get 50 bucks just for playing Guaranteed PrizePicks run your game. Must Be president of certain states for PrizePicks dot com for restrictions and details. PrizePicks, you better knock it off dude. Give us regular fucking scripts. Thank You.


Oh, I have to do please come to Danya Beach, Florida. That's a big one. Dania Beach, Florida. I'll be there next weekend I believe. And The Bang Bus guy And the Bang Busa. Oh yeah. Talked about that. Bang Bucket's. A brewsky with the bang Bus, bang Busa. Don't come get me the Funny Bone. Columbus, Ohio, February 21st. Comedy Castle, Royal Oaks, the Funny Bone. Omaha, Nebraska. Laugh out loud. San Anton. Cobbs Comedy in Sacramento, California. Seattle, Washington. That's everywhere I wanna do Until May. I'll be in Vancouver and Seattle this weekend, then Minneapolis and Tampa. You can play it.


Play it while I'm doing this. Jacksonville, Colorado. Spring, Colorado Spring's gonna be a wild one. Ooh, salt Lake City, Manchester United. I'll be in the United Kingdom March 20th at Manchester and Dublin and London. Obviously. London or Dublin's not part of the United Kingdom, But you know what I mean. But Manchester please come to that. Yes, it's sick. Yeah man. Get in there. Cardinal. Hello. Me. Lamar and Nate, you know, have our show Optimum Nous at the creek in the cave on Tuesday of February 4th. It's the first Tuesday of every month. And then I'll be at Coastal Creative and St. Petersburg, Florida on February 13th and 14th. And Las Vegas, Nevada at Wise Guys Comedy Club on February 28th and March 1st.


Sean, you need.com. Thank You very much. God Bless you. God Bless. Yep. Leprechaun went to space. Yeah, I think he went pretty early Hood. I think he went from the hood and then the space. Yeah, he was in the hood first. He wasn't, it was, they jumped. They went too early to space. But Leprechaun in space was one of the first pairs of tits I ever saw, Dude. It was. And we paused it on it and my friend's mom and dad came, my friend's mom came down to the basement while we were watching it paused on the, I forgot Glary space tit bro. I forgot it. My parents were coming over later to hang out and they were like, we're gonna tell them. And I was like, No. They watched. It wasn't my idea. I didn't even wanna do this. That might have been the first that that was, I think the first set of tits I saw in an actual movie was leprechauns in space.


I leprechaun in space. Yeah, bro. I'd be so mad if was in space. And there's an evil lep. Was Jennifer Anderson in that? She's in one of them. She might be. She's In a fucking leprechaun, Bro. Was she really? Yes. It wasn't her tits though. Leprechaun was a big, it was like a big movie franchise. Leprechaun ruled. She was in the first one. She was in the first one and now she's dating Barack Obama BA Bar. I know, I saw that. I mean, yeah, I wouldn't, I don't know. That's one thing I wouldn't really care about if he was having sex with Jennifer Anderson. That's like the best. I support it. That's like the best possible rumor about that guy. Yeah. The other ones were pretty vicious. Yeah. Killed His gay chef. Yeah, that's I'd, I'd go. No, I'd, I'm fucking Jeff Aniston I'd, I'd be leaning into him.


I was like, yeah, while you guys thought I was killing my gay chef and smoking crack and doing all that other stuff, I was actually plugging aniston. So fuck you guys dude for saying shit. Yeah, that'd be sick. I would Support him. If you had, if you were Obama, you had to own up to two rumors, which would you own up to Drone striking all those civilians. Way before I admit to killing my gay chef. Say no, I was the war crime guy, not the gay guy. I was the war crimes. Yeah, true. That's a good point. Yeah. War crimes are pretty sick. I would, what I would do is I, if I had to do two rumors, I would do Aniston obviously, and I would do Mike And I'd be like, yeah, I took them both down at the same time.


Yeah. Mike handle my fucking light work, bro. Fucking watch. I watched Mike, I just Diddy down and watched. I let Mike go to work. That ain't right. That ain't right. That Ain't right. No, I Don't like that. I don't like that type of talk. You know me dude. Don't talk about my politicians. I know. I bad. My bad, my bad, my bad. God. I was watching RFK Junior getting sworn in. I saw clips of it, bro. They Were attacking him, man. Yeah, they're trying to get the boys. I don't like, I don't know why it's acceptable. There's this guy from Denver who like, he's asking questions and the whole thing is supposed to be like, All right, did you say these things in the past? And then RFK is like, well, like kind of said that, but lemme clarify. And he's like, I don't care what you're saying now.


I wanna know what he said. Then it's like, well why do you care what he said then if you don't care what he said now? Yeah, it, I mean, I get it. 'cause it's like you're just saying that to get into this position, but it was just so lame to be Like, did you know the bio-engineered Yeah. That Part. Yeah. But he was like, I was sight easy. I was quoting a n nih. Yeah. I was quot. Like, I don't wanna hear that part. Yeah, You are like, dude, what the fuck? You can't do that. I saw, did you see Bernie yelling at him for the onesies? Yes. I saw a little bit of that. Said, do you Support this onesie? I know. Do you agree with the onesie on the screen? It was like a baby onesie that said something about vaccines. Oh, that's what, what the ones he said? Yeah, he was seriously like, do you believe in this onesie? Which Yeah. And he was like, I don't think so.


I don't support the Onesie. Does it have a butt flap? Yeah. Dude, I, I was like really insane dude. I was, I watched like a good amount of it on, I didn't watch. I listened to it, but my video was playing while I was driving on the way over here. And I was just like, dude, like, just let the guy talk man. Just if you're like, if you're like, you know, you can hold his feet to the fire on stuff. But like, they do that like, I hate to say kind of like girl stuff where it'd be like you Said it. No, no, no, no, no. That's what you said. Okay. And you're like, oh, hold on. What the fuck, what are we doing? What are we doing here? Well that's what you said. Did you do girl stuff? No, that's what you said. And you're like, okay man. Yeah, those hearings are all girl stuff. Yeah. And it, it's also like I, what I think a lot of it is, is like, All right, let's just get the clip of us making him seem like he doesn't know what he is talking about.


Bang. And just go, yeah. You know what got me? You know what politically got me fired up. What? What's the video game? Elon Musk says he plays. Yeah. Did you hear he lied about that? What? He's like he doesn't, he is not even that good at it. He like had, he was cheating. He had somebody else playing for him. Say what? Just say he someone handling his light work, bro. Bro. Who's video game? Lying. That's, that's psychotic. Really weird. Yeah. If that's true. I don't know the story. Yeah, if it's true that Elon Musk is video game lying Video game lying. That's Fucking weird Dude. Okay. Video game lying is Woodman El Musk. Yes. Yes. Video game line. That was the scariest Shit ever. You Can't video game lie.


If you find out someone's video game lying, you go Why? Yeah. I mean I will say there's a, there is like an age. It's like, you know if you commit a crime on you're a minor forgiven. Yeah. But there's a threshold into adulthood. If you're video game lying, it's a Bro. Puberty is where you gotta, once you jizz, you can't video game lie. I think he video game lied and then tried to play. What I heard was then he tried to play on a live stream and people that played the game were like you, it's for him to take this long to figure out these buttons. He's never played this fucking game. Dude, that's crazy. Hiring a guy to be like, yo, get nice in this video. Make Sure everyone thinks I'm the nicest at Diablo.


See if it's just like for like a passion project where you're like, damn, that level's really hard. I'm a billionaire. Why am I sweating over this? I'll hire someone to like beat this level for me. I'll come back just So I can watch the storyline. That would be sick to get briefed. You're a billionaire and you're like, so what happened? Be like, okay, So I, this guy on Diablo. Yeah. Like brief me on Diablo. I was like, I was like, that's so sick. I didn't think it was gonna Go that way. He was the Crystals never would've thought of That. If that's true. That is, that is truly insane. He might've, he admitted to, That's what this Washington Post article says. He said he admitted to paying to get Boost his online warriors into global leader leaderboards. Whoa. So he paid, he paid to Mr.


Musk. Did you use Game Genie? Answer the question, yes or no. Did you use Game Genie on Diablo? Yes or no? Did You use the contra code for Infinite Lives? I swear to God. I swear to God that actually does matter though. That dude, that's kind of fucking Terrifying. I think it's somebody who was saying he's doing it because he's trying to get views. 'cause he wants to do like a streaming thing on X, like a new show on there. Just hire Pro gamers. Who knows what's going on. Or does be Like, I like to play video games every now and again. You'll have to be a world ranked player. That's crazy. That is crazy. Although he is, it's, I don't know. Is he the first case of like unchecked autism? Pretty much because we Have, we had autistic billionaires before. We had to have had a couple, but I don't, I'm sure they, most of 'em had something. Yeah. But he is the first one that he seems like he's, he wants fame.


Yeah. And autism and fame together is almost makes me think he's not autistic. True. Those bros fucking, They don't care at all about that. Yeah, that's actually a good point. Typically. That's a good point. Point. This guy's confusing me. Video game lying is Video game lying though. That bothered me. I feel Like you, I feel like you What an artist video game lie. That's the fundamental question here. Never. You know what I'm saying? I don't think they lie. I feel like there's a code. Those bros. Especially on the VIGs. That's what I'm saying. That'd be like being like, I know I could quote the whole Sonic movie back and forth and being like, bro, bro, you're lying dude. Like I hired somebody to fucking read me the Sonic lines So I could be autistic.


I hope that's not true. The thing that's been freaking me out about that kind of stuff is like, and again, I don't know if this is real or not, but like people hiring, like being their own hype men in the comments. I've like, I've seen multiple stories about different people doing this where it's like busted. They like busted up. You can't Read the the comments bro. I know this is what Happens. No, but I know, but exactly. I get It. You end up going, I'll just fucking, I wish my friends would say this about me all to count. Everybody should know about this. That would feel good to like anonymously be like, actually is actually pretty fucking sick. I don't even nobody, it was on Laser Tech who was picked number six. Well, yeah, people, they like the screenshots again, you know whether or not it's true or not, you never know. But it's like, there was like a screenshot of them busting up their Twitter account and then you saw the alt underneath it and it's like, that's the, and then they'll show the top comment and like, yo, this person's, they're hyping themselves.


Which again, if you hire someone to do social media Happens, lot people have burner accounts that hype themselves up and argue in the comments a lot. That's crazy. Especially athletes do it a lot. That's crazy, bro. Yeah, that's crazy. Or if like you hire someone to do your social media, like yo, while you're at it, set up that other account. How about you say a couple nice things about, I mean, you know, maybe I Could see that. I could see that phone call and then you don't even think about how lame that is until you get caught doing it and then you go, yeah, fuck, that was lame as fuck. Oh, It's the worst Bro. Yeah, It's like the I'd rather be caught. I'd rather be caught fing accidentally on Zoom than have somebody catch me on your own. Hyping me own. Yes, hyping myself. Dude, that's devastating. Be like, actually he's like really fucking Coup.


I don't even think he, no, I think he looks good. He actually like nasty at the ble. He's so good at the ble. The real guys. He actually play. That's, I if that's true, I pray that that's not true. That's, I pray that's not true. I, I hope there's another, something behind that. Yeah. I hope he is trying to promote a show on XI Hope so Too. Because video game Lying is a, that's treason in my, in my there. That's, that's punishment. That's Re that's Firing Squad. True. With like, What is it, Chipotle? No, I'm All right. Thank You. You'd Have the firing squad jump, like Halo players. Yeah. Teabagging Map. Sure. He's dead. Yeah, dude, I didn't know that.


That's truly devastating. But you know, maybe after the white, White House I'm on my liberal shit. The White House came out and lied about. They said we were giving $50 million worth of condoms to Gaza. Why? I don't know. They're, they're, they're justifying their cutting federal funding for a lot of shit. 'cause we're wasting tons of money on random bullshit. Yeah. And one of the examples they used happens to not, probably not be true condom, which we're giving $50 million worth of condoms to Hamas. They're not using them. They're not using them. Yeah. That'd be That To be more condoms than Yeah. $50 million worth of condoms is is too much.


There's no way I, But it, it turns out that's probably not true. But then what they're doing, which is very nice. 'cause that lie was so stupid. The media can focus on that as like the story instead of the funding that should probably be cut. Which they actually are doing. Yeah. You know, to like foreign DEI company bullshit, you know. Yeah. With the United States is paying like $80 million to promote DEI and fucking Chad. Shit like that. Yeah. It's, I could tell, I could, I could imagine that being a gigantic waste of money. Yeah. Just a blue hair Thing. What gender are you? I am a mechanic.


Yeah. All right, well we can shut this program down. Program's done. I am a mechanic. Okay. You are the DEI instructor. You come back with like hard PT s like good hell. You're fucking gay bitch. Yeah, I've been watching those videos. They've been firing me up. Africa Core. What's Africa core? It's the funniest. It's just dudes getting interviewed on the street. Aw dude. They're the best. Would you ever marry a woman That makes more money than you? Never. I said never. I said, you one so good dude. Never. I'll always be poor. Why are you gay? Oh, there's Africa Court. Africa Court is hilarious. What gender are you?


I am a mechanic. Yeah. Those dudes fucking rule. They're The best. He's a shame we can't get along better, man. It'd be so cool to just like, We get along with Africa. We do For sure. Yeah. We can chill with those birds. But I'm saying we gotta stop fighting every other country. So all of our, like, think about our enemies, dude, abroad. China's, you know, like it or haters. China's hilarious. They're funny as hell, dude. They're Funny. They're funny as fuck. They're funny As hell. North Korea. Hilarious. I know, Dude. They all got addicted to porn when they got sent to Ukraine. There's dudes in like Russian hospitals posting videos like Russian soldiers. Like these are my roommates. It's two North Koreans. There's a TV in the room.


And they're like, what the fuck is this? That's their, like p You remember how the soldiers got like peanut butter? German soldiers got peanut butter for the first time in World War ii. They're just watching fucking fail Army. Like, holy shit. Everything I've ever been told is a fucking lie. This shit is awesome. They see CGI, they see like the Geico fucking gecko. They're just like, it's talking. Yeah. That's gotta Be crazy, man. Especially getting tossed into Russian and having Russians being like, oh, you didn't know about this shit. Yeah. Check this shit out. Blue jeans. Check this shit Out. Although Tucker was saying, Russia's chill as hell.


I watched that one video where he went to a supermarket. Yeah, It looked like an Audi's. Where he was just like, this is amazing. They have everything here. Fresh Produce. Yeah. They have stuff there. Although apparently You're never gonna believe that Russia has stuff. Russia has stuff. Or they apparently Putin called, I think Putin is trying to rile up the right wing bros. He's like, yo, actually send Fauci over here. I'll deal with his ass. And everyone's like, yeah, we'll fuck on Twitter. Like, oh, send him over here right now. Fuck. Yeah. You'd Be surprised. He's, he is Pretty. It is pretty m They Also said the Biden administration tried to kill him. Really? The Russians came out, I think today and said they tried to kill Biden and Trump or Putin and Trump. What? Yeah.


They could just be horse feeding. True. But it is. I mean, it is, But it does seem like somebody tried to kill Trump. Yeah, for sure. He did get shot in the fucking head. Someone did try to get his ass Putin too. I mean, it is. If Putin's over there, that is freak. And the other guy that tried to shoot him was what? Living in Ukraine. Kind Of weird. Yeah. That's not a good one. What the hell? Yeah. I mean, hell's breaking loose, dude. I'm, I'm just watching fucking RFK. Get in there. And they're like, you think fucking spa, you like Poptarts, you guys, you don't Fucking like Pop Dons fuck you. All the kids are gonna die. And it is crazy. He's like, look, it's not working. We're health wise, we're not doing well.


And they're like, we understand that. But you didn't you say that the, and it's just like, dude, let it go. You guys had it. You guys held down the fort. They Held down the fort. You had fucking Fort sucked. You had the uch man in there. Got you guys. Got your, how long was he in there for? Fucking forever. He's in there for fucking ever dude. Yeah. It's like, let's fucking roll the dice, man. We're all fat as hell. Let's roll the fucking dice. I got type two motherfucking diabetes almost. I wouldn't mind switching things up a little bit. Dude. Switch it Up. Yeah. I was over here like, dude, I'm probably one of the healthiest guys I know. I'm like, fucking, Cause you hang out with a bunch of fucking slobs. Nah, damnit. I got tons of Being the fittest guy at a comedy club is, I know. It's fucking not that impressive.


So I go there, I'm like, Hey, shit's All right. This is truth. But yeah, hopefully we come out of it. I think, I think after two more years we might come out. All right. They, they do gotta stop fucking lying and doing Nazi salutes. I just wish, I just wish they stopped. Video. Video game lying. Video game. Lying. No Nazi saluted. My heart goes out to you. Has nothing compared to lying on Diablo. That's true. Heart goes out to you. You know what, that's there. That's a gray area up for interpretation. Video game. Lying is, it's cut and black. It's cut and dry. It's black and white, man. It's cut and dry. Like, oh man. I pray that's not true. Can you guys look that I, I need to know. Yeah, he did. It's true. It is true. He admitted it. It's true Sean.


Yeah. Sean said he admitted to it And the post, the post says he admitted to it. Paying players to help him rank up and get his guys, I don't know how Diablo works, but apparently he paid to get that rank. Have guys play under his avatar. I think a mix of like a few of those sorts of things. Like have guys Play Tom Fuller. Yeah. Tomer. Well there's like money in those open world games that like becomes almost like real money. Like it becomes like you could, you know, it's like a tradable commodity Guys with trade accounts, like rooms scape. You know, you like get a level of 100 scape account and then you'd sell it to like another guy. That's probably what he did. He just probably bought a bunch of level 80 accounts. Really? A little, a little inside rim job.


Yeah. I think they, they looked at his rank and they were like, if you can never do this in the amount of time you said by yourself. But dude, his mind's a storm. Dude. He's a genius. I guess his Mind's a fucking storm, dude. It is sick to have a storm being like, I gotta get a higher fucking Diablo. Right. I don't have to talk. Yeah, I don't know. I don't, I don't, I don't know Diablo, but Whatever. At least he owned up to it, you know? At least he's fucking That's that's good. Holding it down. Like that'd be crazy if you held it down like Watergate style. I was like, I'll never fucking admit till I die. You should have, Yeah. You should have hidden that. I mean, would've said No, I did not. Video game lie. Yeah, true. I would've, I would've been like, we gotta invade Vietnam again.


Actually just distract, distracted. The whole population. Fucking bomb Vietnam. That fucked me up. I watched that in, I got 20 minutes left after that. Ken Burns. It was good. Finishing Ken Burns. You feel like he did something? Dude, that's like reading a fucking book. That was, that was a lot. That was dense, man. That Was a lot. It was easy 'cause my girlfriend's friends were visiting. Mm. So I was just in my room jacked out with some Ken Burns watching Vietnam. It's watching war footage. It's nice. It's a sick move. Actually that does create like a little sanctuary blast zone where it's like, whatcha doing? I'm like, man, I'm just watching this thing about a Horrible watching Vietnam. You guys are not gonna watch it. Yeah. It is like one of those frequencies there. Scarecrow. Yeah. It's a scarecrow.


Come in the room and they'd go. It would all run. Yeah. It was a bummer. Nixon. I don't know why I was getting reports that Nixon was kind of the man he was. According to Ken Burn's documentary, that guy sucked. Yeah. There's a pe People say he is bad always. Who telling you say he was the man who was telling you he was the man. Louie likes him. Yeah. I think Louie likes him, but he is recognizes his flaws. And then, what's his name? Nick. Brian was in here. Think Brian. He was saying like, he got, There's a lot of people that were like, he was kind of, and I've defended him. I've been like, he ended Vietnam. That's pretty good. Yeah. It's like he, he didn't want to, he wanted to do it for political purposes. They had peace talks lined up before the election and he as a candidate went in and was like, he talked directly to the South Vietnamese and he was like, don't do these peace talks.


Wait till I'm elected. We'll get you a better deal. Damn. So he shut down Peace talks for his election. Yeah. That's fucked up. That's Crazy. The book I read The Born Again book with the guy Chuck Holson, who was like his dude who went to jail for Watergate or one of the guys who went to jail. I remember him claiming like the, they had these peace talks going that got like sabotaged. But if that was before he even got in there, that Was Yeah. He was a candidate. Oh yeah. They don't talk about that. That's pretty dense. And then they tried to have peace talks and they waited. The peace talks took 10 weeks because south or South Vietnam and North Vietnam couldn't agree on what table to use. They were like, if we're on this side, you guys have to be on that side. And they fought about it for 10 weeks. What?


And the war just kept going. Finally didn't break. They didn't wanna break bread together. No. They, they wanted the Viet Kong and the North Vietnamese to sit on the same side. 'cause they were like, you guys are the same fucking team. Stop pretending you're not. Oh. And then the Soviet Union came in with a big plan 10 weeks later. What about a round table? So no one's really on a side. And everyone was like, All right, that works. Kinda A good idea. Now let's talk. It was the dumbest, Vietnam was the dumbest piece of shit war. And the whole time people were like, even in America, every single person that went over there was like, we shouldn't do that. Yeah, don't do that. Well, the idea was Every, the advisor was like, don't do it. Yeah. This is not a good idea. Yeah. The idea was they, they were under the threat of becoming communists.


Yeah. And we were supposed to go in there to be like, Hey guys, come on man. This is, don't do that. Yes. That Was, we just started shooting people, or I guess people We sent over, we sent it over advisors under Kennedy. And then he was like, we're not gonna ever send troops. Yeah. So they shot him in the head and then LBJ sent troops in. Damn dude. Yeah. That's why they shot him in the head. And then what Was the upside for America though? To like, I Don't know. We got stuck in this war that we were gonna try to make South Vietnam, the government there like a democratic, right. Like we elected their guys and everybody we elected kept being a corrupt fucking psycho. Dang shit just sucked. And then we just had to get In there. But the one thing that bothers me, especially on the internet, there's nice memes where Vietnam fucked us up.


We literally committed a genocide there. They did not fuck us up. Yeah. We murdered. Look at the, it was like literally a million. We killed a million. You're saying we won By America's standard of body count. At the time, that was what they were going with. Yeah. America was like, we're winning the war. We killed so many. But they didn't say mercy. They were like, they never said mercy. Ah. That kind of, that sucks. They never said, uncle, That is a giant psychological victory to be like, yeah, we don't give a fuck. Yeah, Puy kill, kill, kill million of us. Don't give a Fuck. Like, well, They mad dogged us. They did. And now we got a little soft. That was the other thing. 'cause I'm watching this, you know, it's a historical documentary. I'm watching it like it's a movie. I'm thinking like, oh man, we should have won this war. We could have fucked them up.


Not even thinking about like, human lives. Yeah. But the people back home were real, like anti-war. Our journalists were really taking it upon themselves to try to get peace by showing how awful the war was. Yeah, yeah. And of course, north, north Vietnam didn't have freedom of press. So they were just telling everybody we're fucking winning. Meanwhile, America's like, this is a Disaster. Yeah. It was a disaster. It was a disaster. That's the hard part. But they should have been a little war. It's also a war. Yeah. True. There's, there's, I understand doing the right thing by reporting on terrible things. Yeah. But I, I just don't understand. I never, I can never understand how it started like World War.


I was arch shoot Ferdinand. They're like, oh fuck. Like I get the beginnings of that. Yeah. I've never, there was, was there like in like the Civil War? There was like, Fort Sumter was the first battle. Yeah. I never understood like the first battle where they were like, Hey. Oh shit. Well, Vietnam didn't have, like, it did have battles, but it was another, it was like, it was a weird war. There wasn't like, like there'd be a battle for like a hill. Yeah. And we would take it and then the next day we would just abandon it. Like nothing made sense. That's crazy. It started with like France leaving and then the communist kind of taking hold and starting to take over. Okay. Okay. In South Vietnam being like, can you help us out? Yeah. We're like, we'll send advisors. And we're like, we should just dump a bunch of money into this and our people.


And then we ended up sending troops. So You have to just like, you have to like, just take out the communist leaders. That's like the military objective. Yeah. We didn't want China to expand into Vietnam. Yeah. The way they were. Exciting stuff. That Is pretty exciting. I mean, dude, I never really knew. I knew it was like a always mess. Yeah. I never knew anything about Vietnam. That's what I was, I watched the whole fucking thing. I still don't know what happened. I mean, it was pretty good recounting. Yeah. But nothing, nothing makes sense. Yeah. I mean, as to why anything happened. Yeah. It's fucking weird. I mean it does, you know, I don't know. Yeah. I still, I got, I got a, I I did Marty Ben's podcast on Bitcoin Nice. Yesterday. Right. The same experience. I've never understood a thing about Bitcoin. I, I'm a little bit Clear.


I don't know what it is. It's a techno. It's like one of the greatest technologies man's ever done. I can do that. I can, I can do that. So dude, he was explaining it yesterday. How do they mine it? What is being my, what is happening? So I I, this is my understanding of it. Somebody tell me, this is my hard earned, and I don't know if this is even correct, but, so there's like a computer network that is somehow securing Bitcoin by solving this like, mathematical equation that founder set out to where like, it increases in difficulty. So if like a lot of bitcoins are being mined, you're mining a Bitcoin, you're being rewarded for dedicating computing power that then like secures the network itself, which is just this like weird mathematical function that can be like solved.


And then for solving it, you get a little Bitcoin as a reward. But then it then it like the network knows the problem's being solved. So it ups ups the difficulty and then you kind of like, it like tethers back and forth. That's like, it was weird as fuck. Yeah. But that doesn't make any sense. Yeah. Not really. I don't understand it either. I've been Hit with a lot of speeches on it. Yeah. I got hit with Sam Hyde. Nick Mullen. I been hit with serious rants on Bitcoin. Yeah. And I've never, I've just, I just stare at 'em. Well there there's like, they talk to me about money and I go, all I know is college Football. So it can't be, it's the, the big things, the fiat currencies, they Should have focused on money fi. True. The fiat currency is the big port of where it's like any, any currency is like the policy dictating like the worth of the currency is dictated by a centralized governing body.


Yeah. But Bitcoin, the network through which it's exchanged that is somehow bolstered by like voluntary computer power that is given Bitcoin as a result, as a reward, allows for it to never be centralized and dictated in a way where like, you know, if you own, if you have all your money in USD and they're printing out tons of US dollars. Yeah. It fucks up your money. Like your money in a bank is of course literally dissipating. If it's not, if you're not investing, your money is disappearing under inflation. Like a part of it is just disintegrating. Yeah. And Bitcoin's argument is that it won't do that because they're not, they're only gonna ever put out 21 million Bitcoins. That's like the whole thing. It's just, and, but I'm like, yeah, but like he's like, you can just save it. I guess you can just save it and just put, use it as like a savings account.


Yeah. That was the whole, I just talk about other stuff. But it, it was cool to hear about like hash point. I still don't understand that. He's like, well then it reaches the hash point. The hash point dictates the difficulty level and it was just like, bro, lemme Know what I mean. Yeah. I don't understand any of that. I hope it goes up to 200 man. That's all I know. Yeah. I don't know anything. But they claim they, They, I do know your money managers get mad when you say put that into Bitcoin. They don't like it dude. No, they don't like it. Well 'cause it completely, apparently just totally undermines like the way Wall Street functions. I don't know that again, I'm outta my depth on that too. But I did get a little bit, now I understand what mining Bitcoin is, is like dedicating computers. So like you're just like, you have a computer and it just does math problems, really hard math problems all day.


Then every now and again you're like, damn, you just got a fraction of a Bitcoin. You're like just it's Math Castle. It's stupid. It's literally Math Castle. I don't like that. You have Math Castle. You have a, you have like a huge rack of computer servers doing Math Castle every now and again. Yeah. Yoshi or whatever his name is Soshi is is like you get a Mario coin, you go, yes I am kind mystified by how it works. That's Stupid. If that's how it works, that's dumb. You just do math problems. A computer does things. Absolutely it. Yeah. Who's benefiting from the computer doing something? The Network. The network having its, its The network just gets bigger. Yeah. Bigger and more secure. So it's like with the more computing power you have dedicated for some reason to doing these math problems that way like when an exchange happens, it's somehow validated within the thing.


It's like, yep, this definitely happened. And it's like a kind of a worry free way to exchange money. Like they're saying you can't scam it from what I've heard. I don't know if you can or not. So it was pretty cool. That's good. I got bitcoin pilled yesterday and I was like damn, this kind of sick. Yeah. I always wanted just to know more. 'cause I don't know literally anything about it. And these, these Dudes are like, man, you seem to have an idea of what Bitcoin is. I just know the, the, the I know about mining. Yeah. Yeah. I tried to build a rig. I couldn't do it. The programming part was too hard for me. You Tried really? Yeah. You tried to build a rig of mine. Yeah. How far did you get? It was like in 2015. I had the, I had like two GPUs ready to go. Damn. You could have done it. Yeah, no, you could have stuck with it.


Yeah. What Was the, what was the coding thing that, what was the Let's get in the we This Cause you like put a program on there and I couldn't do it. What the math problem? Yeah. What's the math problem dude? I don't know. It's too, That's what I was trying to figure out. I'm like, dude, how hard is this math problem? And how the fuck did A guy, it's 13 times seven. No one can do it. What is it? 13 times seven. No one on earth can do that. Dude, Your computer just blows up. You're like, fuck fucking tower 91. Yeah, we got into quantum computing. I was like, fuck. That makes no sense. Quantum computing, no sense at all. Because quantum mechanics has to deal with like the teeniest tiniest specks of like matter possible.


And I'm like, okay, I understand that, but how the fuck does you have a computer dealing in that? I can't Do any of that. I guess instead of megabytes, it's mini bytes and you go, oh Shit. It's mini bytes. It's just Unparalleled computing power. What do you have? They're called Cubits. Cubits. They're called what? What's a qubit do? A qubit is a measure of quantum power. Yeah. But like, Okay. It seems like we all know the vocabulary around it. That's what I'm saying. Don't have a tough time explaining what any of it Is. I do. Okay, so this, I watched a video. It was like explaining like I was five. The guy was like, quantum computing is like, so you know how a coin has two sides? Sure. There's a endpoint. Both, both parts are entry and endpoint. But like quantum computing is like spinning a coin because there's an infinite amount of entries and exits.


So You are able To, so it's not zero one, the program's Not oh 1 0 1. Yeah. It's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Yeah. But Like infinite. 'cause it's an infinite amount of points. That's all that that made no sense. Points Of what? What are you talking about? Entry and exit points of what? Points of data. Points of computing. Points of processing. So It's not binary. It's no general fucking words. It's not binary. I Don't like these words. It's, It's not binary. Your computer's running series of oh 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1. Male, female. Male, female. I Fucking with. So no bi non-binary bullshit. Quantum computing is gender fluid. It's, it's code full. It's fluid. It's just like, oh, 1, 2, 3, 4, 2, 5, 6, 9, 9, 9. Oh shit, dude. I didn't even think about two. There's a nine. There's a nine in this computer would've instead of zeros and ones.


Oh yeah. Definitely take, that's definitely taken over. Yeah, I understand it now. Thank You. Just a little bit more. Well let's, let's switch. Switch. Reach out the Patreon. Thank yous.