
Wow, wow, wow. Wes. Actor, Magician, Hypnotist, escape, artist, television personality. There are a lot of parts to make up. Steve Crawford. Steve and his team of experienced professionals would like an opportunity to tailor a program to meet your needs. Hey guys, welcome to Matt and Shane Secret podcast. We're doing a little road episode. I've been Ontario, California recording a comedy special, but we are, we are recording an intro for my newest special that'll come out eventually. And I met you, Steve, Steve Crawford. Dude, Great to be here. Lifetime Entertainer. Met You. That was a crazy day. We had. Well, I mean, yeah, it was absolutely mostly you. You're doing stunts and shit, dude. So this guy, don't let him fool you.


He, wow. Wow. You got actually hurt. I got hurt a little bit. Injured. Your ribs Are messed up. So wait, that should be nothing to you. You're a stunt. How long have you been doing stunts for? Exactly. That's the problem. So now I broke it down and sword. So I did a daredevil stunts on the road for 30, 40 years. And that was for state visit Ferris festivals. How'd you get into that? You know, I was a kid. I had a, a childhood hobby of magic. My mother told me about the movie Houdini, with Tony Curtis. And I watched this thing and I watched him get locked in the water tank and its appendix burst and he dies. But something affected me differently than it did the other people watching. And it grabbed me. You watched the Houdini, so you saw him die in the tank And you werere like, I'm gonna Carry torch.


I did. Oh my gosh. I wanna do what this guy's doing. That is so cool. Yeah. I mean, if you're gonna die, let's die in a water tank in front of an audience. You know? True. We're all gonna die. True. But didn't plan to die and didn't die. But I, I was lucky I had a locksmith that lived next door. He taught me how to pick locks. And I really became a big Houdini fan. And your name, your stage name was Houdini. Right? As A child, I, I went all the way in those days, actually all the way to college. Houdini names, you know, with somebody Heini. Everybody heini. So I went with Zini. Can you hold My beautiful assistant is here. Would you hold the microphone? I'll, I'll show you. One of the first tricks I learned is a quick one. Did you ever use male? It's always women.


I never like sexy boys for the assistant. Not excellent. I think you gotta hold it closer. Somebody told me that. Yeah. Get that was you. All right. Here we go. Little dollar bill trick. Here we go. So a lot of kids start with this stuff, which I did the library picture of Barbara Bush. I don't know if you can see that. Or, you know, It kind of looks like Barbara up there. I always thought as a kid. Anyway. No, we, we fold the dollar up and this trick, what we wanna do is make it come out backwards or different, or upside down. But in this case it actually changes. Yeah. $99 difference. And you, you got a hundred dollars bill. So money didn't really become the motivation to do it, but it kept me doing it. You Got the, you a career, got the philosopher stone.


You could do alchemy, transfer the lead into the gold. We Could do that. It's true. I will say I picked up many, many dates as a child. Thank You Sean. Pretending to be a real wizard. And I could do real magic and read her mind. And you wouldn't believe it is Magic is a great way to meet girls, don't they? I was. I wanted to ask you about that. That seems I watched the real of you. That that was the Oklahoma, what, what's, what's, what was that? The hockey team, right? Oh, you saw one of my sports events during illusions. I saw, yes. What's, yes. My question is though, when you're a Magician, 'cause you were, you're a Magician, actor, stunt man. You do it all. You're a gen, you're a general Entertainer, a real Entertainer. Everyone thinks they're an Entertainer now, But you are the real deal.


40 years of locking in the what? Getting locked underwater acting. You know, it was a funny thing when I, when I was growing up, I was the only Entertainer that I knew. Yeah. And I, I, I mean, I met people who helped me in the business. But, you know, I did my shows and, and now I look at social media and everybody's an Entertainer. I'm like, I'm the only one on there not entertaining anymore. It seems like You blood, sweat and tears. It's in the world. The world has changed. Everybody's Entertainer. Well, here's, here's the question. So with with the magic, you're saying it's a good way to meet girls. When's the first time you converted magic skills into just some I don't, I don't know how graphic you wanna get. So, so often. Well, I've got one true story and it's, it's, it's a no joke. There's a victim's protection order on file in Oklahoma.


Hold up, bro. On you or the person On the girl who had a fatal attraction. And, and it was, oh, it was, it was this that in 81 I opened for Alice Cooper. I was just his opening act. And we did some illusions and I was a good guy backstage. I met with the people who run, won the radio passes to come backstage, you know, and friendly. And the band members were sleeping with people and all that. I, I didn't get any of that. And one of the rules I Had, how old were you? How old were you back then? That, well, I was very young. I was 18, 19 years old. Okay. So, yeah. That's crazy. But yeah, I went to my earlier gigs back in college days. I was in college when we hooked up for that. But I had been meeting girls in clubs and telling 'em I was psychic. So I felt bad about that.


This even in high school and would read their mind. And of course it worked, you know, they're just, oh, we got this connection. But I had a rule. I would never go out with a girl that I met at a show. Because what they see in the show is not who you are. I mean, you're a dare. You're playing a role. You're a daredevil stunt guy with security around you and all, I mean, you're playing this image, right. Or you're a funny guy in a show, whatever it is. So those people don't know you. So, and I made, I broke the rule one time and boy, it, it, it was crazy young lady. You can look up, but it's still in the file court case. But yeah, she tried to come on hard to me to marry me. All of a sudden I'm like, what in the world?


We just meant you Gave her one taste. She lost her mind. And Exactly. And I told her, her words to me were, you know what? She said, I should have killed you when I saw you at the state fair in September. I'm like, what? Whoa. And she grabbed the wheel of my little convertible and it was icy out and crashed it and then broke in my house later stole stuff. There were gas stoves in those days. I was a single guy and turned on all the gas, blew out that pilot lights and, and then, and attacked me through the back door. So everybody on our city block there went to court and we won. And bro, but I, I learned my lesson. How many times did you pipe her down? One time. Just Once. It Was once. But you gotta taste the amazing words In the world.


And I, I just don't know. I don't know what to say about it except, you know, I don't think it's a good idea to commingle, you know? That makes sense. That's kind of smart. So you, you were that smart, that young to keep it separate. 'cause that's kind of, that's a good, that's a good insight to know. Like, dude, this is all glitz and glam. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It is true. And learned the lesson. So I I I really wanted to ask you about that. 'cause doing the county fairs must have been crazy. Like what were some of the stunts you, what was like the craziest stunt you did at like a county fair? You Know, everybody had a favorite. And So I, it's state fairs were primarily, we had about 25 state fairs starting in September through November. West Palm Springs, Florida kicks off early February and Shreveport, Louisiana. Not my favorite fair, but that's, that was ran right into Thanksgiving.


So, okay. There was a ton of fairs. And so we had ground acts, family shows, animal circus, kids circus. I did circus sideshow illusion. So we had that going. Then I book a secondary act, which was the daredevil stunt. So one of those was locked upside down in the water torture cell that Houdini died inspired, strapped to rollercoaster tracks and a straight jacket had to dive out of the way right before it crashes through, you know, from a screen what, and yeah, hanging from burning ropes, rai jackets in the air. But there were other markets for swimming pool events. And let people, anybody with a backyard pool could hire me, bring their padlocks and chain me up to waits and throw me in the pool. And for five, if you had $5,000, I was available to do it.


And some close calls. But we did never made it through that. What was A close call? Well, there were a lot of close calls. I, I wouldn't even know where to begin, you know, I don't know which was that. Here's So what's, here's the question. There was some Accidents. Someone hired you at like their pool to escape And you died in their pool. What's the deal with that? I would sue myself. So I had a $2 million liability policy that if myself or anyone else was ever injured at one of my shows, that it would pay off. So my first step would be Sue myself. 'cause I was injured at my show. That's kind of Tough. It was kinda my plan anyway. Get rich off the accident. But anyway. So what were the babes like at the county fair? 'cause I know Alice Cooper obviously probably crawling, but like at the county fair, what's that like? Well, exactly.


Use your imagination, you know, and smaller the fair, the smaller the town. Yeah. I love small town. I'm from a small town, so, but people are, to be honest, you know, we joke about that. And there was a lot of flirty, you know, horror types I guess you could say. But there was a lot of very, very sweet people. And I mean it sincerely, the, my favorite guests, they came every year, every year. Just really good people, honestly. Yeah, that's cool. From these communities. That's, that's cool because I always wonder about that. 'cause that's like, And you kept it to the code that whole time. You just only broke once for that one lady. Absolutely. You know, I think it, my fingers always practice with my fingers. And you, you wanna see a finger trick? You wanna do something? Wait, What? We're talking about the hose right now. Wait, wait. It's another magic trick.


Alright, I'm gonna Lovely assistant sexy. Go Ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm gonna have you lay your mic down. You gotta do this one with me. All right. All right. Would you hold this for, so actually, magicians, we do use our hands to exercise a little bit to get our magic going. If you do this with hold your hands like this, clasp your fingers together now wiggle your first finger. Wiggle your little finger. Good. Your very good. Talented yourself. Okay, now separate. Now we're gonna go down. Now can you keep turning to the go all the way out? It's a little bit of a stretch if you're watching this. Or try it at home TV all the way out. Now reverse your arms and lock up like that. Except kinda hold them up high. There you go. Now wiggle the first finger and the little, and go, oh, Linda Blair taught me that one actually, what The hell?


What'd you do? Twist your arms around, right? Oh, I Didn't do, yeah, I couldn't do that. I didn't either, right? Tried. You're never gonna believe it.


Guys, this episode of Matt and Shane Secret podcast is brought to you by dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, it's time to show your bee hole some respect and upgrade to dude wipes. Why? Because dude wipes are wet and extra moisture cleaned away that dry that never what dry. Never could they leave no room for dingleberries and stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Plus they're extra large and designed for adults. Dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And flushable design makes it clean up a breeze. No more endless rolls or settling for less than perfect wipes. Think about the last time you really could have used dude wipes. The good for cleaning Up. Come dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and major retailers nationwide.


You wanna hear a county fair story? Yeah, please. You get time when you come back. You're so good at this. I love it.


This episode is brought to you by Chime. You know, when it comes to your financial future, just the smallest step forward can make a big difference. Like when I stop spending all my spare cash on stupid, pointless jokey thing. But seriously, here's a good tip. Open a chime checking account and you're one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Making progress has never been easier. That's nice. That's really good. And if you ever want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees or interest. That's good. Make progress towards a better financial future. With Chime. Open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Matt and Shane. That's chime.com/ Matt and Shane. Chime Feels like Progress. Feels like progress. Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank banking services and debit card provided by the bank or bank, NA or Stride Bank A members FDIC spot me eligibility requirements and and overdraft limits apply timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs, bank ranking and number of ATMs according to US News and World Report 2023, chime checking account. Required


Trip with a couple of jokers and hold on. We're missing one. We're used to standing, standing up. What kind of Comedian? Sit down. You're lucky. I told you I was stand. I have no problem Standing. Okay, So I've got a story how I lost some money from a guy running a, a little scam, a little gambling game at, at Affair. And it went like this. I thought being a Magician, I'm gonna win all these carnival games, right? Yeah. This guy had had three cards at his game. One of those was a joker that he was using. He had his second card and it was a joker. And then he had a third card, which was actually an ace. He said, this is the money card. Now what you gotta do is keep your eye on this ace. All right, here we go. I noticed he made a shifty move.


I thought he put the ace on the bottom when I guess the bottom. Well actually I lost my first dollar now. Then he said this, he said, look, I'm not gonna mix the three cards. I'm gonna leave them in the same sequence, the three in right now and give you a second guess now. I said, it was the top card, which cost me a dollar. I said, I knew if it wasn't the bottom and had to be the middle and well that one cost me a dollar. I said, okay, now you're using more than three cards. He said, that'll cost you a dollar. I said, you've taken the ace out of the game. He, he said, well, he said, that'll cost you a dollar. Anyway. He, I owed him five bucks. Here's where he got me. He said, look, there's an ace. Would you hold that one? Yep. He said, here's a joker. He said, if you could still tell me the name of the last card, if you hadn't forgotten it and all this, you, when you're five but double or nothing, you, you get double your money.


I said, it was a joker. He sent out him $10. So dang. I did learn. Watch the games that you play at the carnivals while you're on that subject. Yeah. Yes. Do you ever beef with any carneys? 'cause that seems like you have a beef with any of the Carnival folks. Nope. In fact, we were, there was a little, what was the code? If you ever got in trouble with a guest, you holler out. Was it Rufuss? I can't remember now. It's been a while since I've been in that market. But all the Carnes jump in and help you. Really? They Do. They watch each other. They watch your back, The Entertainer back. That was one of the first things I learned. That's kind of a family. That's Kind of cool. Absolutely. Yeah. So what would you do then? So if you were, you were on the road like that And you, you know, you weren't like, you know, taking advantage of the Babes.


Not in like a bad way, but I'm saying they, they're like, they're all, they're plentiful, I would imagine. What would you do? Like, you just chill all day and it's like, do magic like you're talking About, I'm sorry, at the after the show. Yeah. What would, yeah, what would you do? There Was no break at a fair. You're, we, you know, you open up in the afternoon, you do some shows, you run 'em into the night and, and then you go back and you're just wore out. You know, you've been outdoors all day typically, you know, a lot of indoor events. But yeah. And go back to your room and hide really beyond, get some rest because you gotta do it again to necks day when the fair ends on a Sunday night, you gotta pack your tear down. Our help you're out. Yeah. Big tear down. Load your trailers for sure. Head on down to, to necks one. So what about the one, one thing I wanted to ask you when we started is like, what's the relationship like between a Magician and a magician's assistant?


That seems like it's an erotic, I I don't wanna keep like hammering on this, but it seems like an erotic situation. Like how do you handle that? Yes. It could be. It's all, you keep it in the back of your head. So, unfortunately, see, they never knew. They never knew. Like my thoughts. No, I actually very respectful. Yeah. We'd hire dancers. We would hire people that, you know, were there for the art and did a good job. And honestly we became good friends. That's cool. I never, I never made a move on an assistant, but there was some I certainly liked, you know, I think they liked me, but we just left it at that. That's, You're a professional as hell. I guess that's how you do it for 40 years, man. Otherwise, 40 years. It was that long till I could get out of it. And I, I did comedy clubs in the eighties.


Did I hear about that? No. So I had three comedy club acts and it was an agent that convinced me to do this. Keeping in mind I'm an actor. I wanted to be a Comedian, but I never really was that funny. I mean, honestly, I, I, I, so I didn't think, but, so we developed three acts that we booked into the comedy clubs. And one was a pickpocket comedy thing and one was a monologue with some magic. And the third one is the reason I got out doing comedy clubs. I had a problem with myself doing this with anybody. I went right in as a headliner. I think a comedy club, you need people to start in the beginning I open in a middle or, you know, and then you work your way up And you got real talented comedians out there.


But I had an act that one that just booked the year up like that as a, as right off the bat when Right in, as a, as a, a headliner because there was no choice but to put it there. And what, why it booked was the ticket sales and it's the hypnosis show. So I became a certified clinical Hypnotist. Oh, that, so you majored in psychology? I, I majored, I I, it was actually an acting theater major with a minor in psychology. But then I became a member of the National Guild Hypnotist. And I went into these sessions where we learned how to hypnotize people and I screwed them up. I messed with them. You had to work with real people Right. And tell 'em that their watch is gone. Well, I would really steal their watch and then I, I would touch their eyes and then put my fingers here and said, you're gonna feel something.


Touch you. Touch you. And then I would touch my other hand and I was doing magic on these people. Right. And then when we came out, all the guests are sharing the stories of what happened and the certifiers are like, what, what happened? And you did what? And you know, even with kids, we hypnotized kids make, but honestly, people are crying. They're talking about their problems. I thought I would never be a doctor. I could never be a clinical Hypnotist at The shows. People would get hypnotized and freak Out. But in the shows, I, it was a di animal. So, so yes, a Comedian to me is, is not a Hypnotist or vice versa. That a Comedian is a Comedian. Hmm. And so here we are in there booked as the headliner because you gotta do a lengthy show. You gotta bring people up an hour and, and it's gotta be that in that spot.


And it was a very popular act. So there was a change at the end of the eighties where there were less comedy clubs. So I got in for commercial reasons. Again, we, and I like to switch things up 'cause I get bored, you know? Yeah, yeah. Change the market some. And we'd, the clubs are going down and So I had an opportunity to stay on and I think I heard that Jokers was one of the clubs we were working with wanted now their people to go with them full-time or something. There were some changes going on. And I thought, you know what, there's some great comedians that I met while I was out there. Mm. And those guys, they deserved the comedy clubs. So I You left it alone. So I left it out. I got outta there and Principled man. You know. So what were the show? So you used to what you would hypnotize people and steal their stuff?


So pickpocketing was actually a separate thing, but in the, when I was referring to, when we were practicing with real people and real problems, we would go into a room with them alone. Oh, as part of your training? To get certified as a clinical Hypnotist. Yeah. To help you with problems. And I just couldn't resist. I'm like, oh my gosh. You tell 'em their watch is gone and now they don't see it. And you show 'em a coin And you tell 'em it's a different coin and they believe it's a different coin. How does it work in these tests? Well, this is all through mental program, right? You relax a person. Hypnosis works this way. You get someone in a very relaxed state of mind. They go to an alpha pattern. And now you can speak to the subconscious mind. You don't have to go to a clinical Hypnotist to try some tricks at home.


For example, if you're worried about remembering something, tomorrow, a better word is recall because it's always in there. But you wanna be able to recall. So you relax into this like you're falling asleep. Right. Very relaxed. And then you look And you picture the shower curtain and tell yourself, when I see this shower curtain, this thought will pop in my mind So I you won't forget it. Yeah. And watch the trick to this is the fun thing about it is this to necks day, a year later, 20 years later, when you see this shower curtain, it will pop this trigger in this thought. And you go, wow. Then you begin to realize, oh, this stuff really works. Yeah. It's not all just a show. I mean a lot of it is a show, but that you can really do that.


Or the subconscious mind is so amazing. Most of us have an internal clock in the subconscious mind. You tell yourself, I need to wake up at a certain time as you fall asleep. Watch if you don't wake up either at that time, sometimes on the minute, but usually just a little before. 'cause you know you gotta be up at that time. Yeah. Your brain will wake you up. So it's, it's about relaxing and getting into the subconscious. Gotcha. What was like some of the crazier things you did? Hypnotizing people In the shows? Well, making people rigid. Laying 'em on two chairs and standing on their body in the, it was not a, it was not, it was not a magic trick. It looked like one. Yeah. But they're so rigid. And, and then a friend of mine, Dr. Roy Bellows, who's Hypnotist to Necks thing, he's in court where somebody came back later and said that they had some back injuries on my, oh, stand On the back.


Threw that one out. Well, you stand on the front, you put their feet on one chair and their head here and their, And you walk on their body. What? It's a classic. It's been around you. Men and women or just men? Well that depends on your Trish. I mean you, I don't know, but I might try that tonight. I might try to jump on a lady during my hours. Jump right on a belly is squishy Hypnosis. But yeah, it is a lot of fun. They become space aliens. They, you know, raise what fun acts in the shows. In the shows. Yeah. We were tempted to use the hypnosis for like evil purposes. Not, not all women, I mean guys, whatever. Just like tricking people, getting like a clone army going, You know what's really weird about that is people ask you too, have you ever used your lock picking skills?


Yeah, true. You know, to having you ever attempted to break in? No. I mean, you could take a brick and throw it through the window tomorrow if you really wanna break in. It doesn't change you at all. Exactly. You still are who You are. Yeah. Well, every locksmith knows how to kind of pick locks. Well sure. But they're like, well no, I don't wanna break anywhere. You don't need to pick locks to break in somewhere. If you wanna break in, But you don't wanna break in anywhere. You know, you really don't change it. And hopefully the people that are, that do take advantage of their skills, like pickpocketing, I'll admit as a kid, we used to go down the street and take people's wallets and practice and stuff. And I'm like, oh, I'm not gonna steal from anybody. You know, I gotta give their money back. Yeah. But we wanted to practice on strangers and we did. I'm like, I'm, I can't do this. How do you pickpocket?


What's the, well It, you don't have a, if you ever watch a, do you ever watch on, do you have a buc straw with a strap on it over there? I can't see. What do nobody got? So, you know, like, gimme your hand. And so somebody gotta watch on here And you grab here And you literally pull back. Oh, you pop the strap Just shank and Yeah. And you s squeeze it and when you pull it away, they don't feel it. So you look for that style watch as a first choice. Yeah. And it was in my comedy club act. I'd bring the person up and then I would wave it in front of their face. I'd say, okay, I'm gonna hypnotize you, you're getting sleepy. And then we'll try a post technology suggestion. The watch is looking familiar to you. And they're like, oh, that's my watch. You know? So it was an inherently funny Yeah. Comedy act. And then I would have 'em tie my hands behind my back. And it's an old routine Harry Keller, I think the Magician invented where you pull your hand out and back in over comedy.


Oh. So I'm flashing the guy's wallet behind his back and show it, flashing this and flashing that. Mm. So I take a, and then return their keys or something at the end of a finale. And we had a, the case in a comedy club once, which caused a real issue is I added a new bit. So I walked into the audience and I grabbed the proper watch and started pick, actually let me go with you. Would you mind having me? And took a different guy. But I had this guy's watch. So the final, the new change, the new change in this act was at the end, after returning this guy step, everybody laughs. I point the guy in the audience, Hey, don't laugh, I got yours too. And you get an extra round of applause. Right. I forgot I'd taken it, it was a brand new act. It was in my pocket and I left the place where this guy's nice watch.


I'm like, oh my gosh, I got it. Somebody. So I actually had to call the manager of the comedy club and he put out an announcement and somehow he got a call, got it back from the right guy. We, I, the guy, I was at that show and my watch disappeared. And I said, yo, you got your watch. What? And we gave him his watch back. That's nice. So everybody thought it was funny and quite amusing. I don't think they knew if it was part of the act or not, though. It Is nice to know if, you know, if you ever need to, you could be a master thief, obviously you wouldn't do that. But if It's very true, oh, its absolutely true. There's nothing. And there really is nothing no lock that can't be open or there's no item. You can't escape from Handcuffs. I know you can escape. You said, so you said the record were escaping From handcuffs.


Yes sir. I wasn't gonna mention it, but I have a world re Well, that's boastful. So less than two seconds came Front page news as Steve broke a world record with the escape. We're ready. I've got the stopwatch. Okay, go Jim. Ow, ow. Whoa. Yeah, let me see these. All right, very good. Look at the stopwatch, Steve. 1.47 seconds. And that is less than two sentences of record, congrat. And I only sent you one picture of, you know, I just wanna share this. I, I, when I was stepping away from Escapees, getting older, just a few years back, I started doing something unusual for law enforcement groups.


I actually got a phone call from former Chief of police and he, he was in, in Oklahoma. And he calls me and He says, Steve, we've got a problem. People are getting out of the handcuffs. They're getting out of their jails and they're escaping these things and they're turning the stuff on the cops. They're leaving them for debt or, you know Yeah. Or killing them. One, we need your help. And they had a budget. So they would pay me to come in and teach 'em. I said, well, I'll teach you how to get out of things. Not with, just to show you how, how easy it is to, to do this stuff. Once you know, is I will show you how to escape from padlocks, handcuffs and things with items around you.


And then I'll do it after a search. And then I'll do it without touching anything, which is a matter. Well, so we went with two things on the cop car and I, I've got some photos I can send you as the, a piece of wire from the windshield wiper. Sometimes they put a person up by the windshield wiper, And you take this flat piece of metal, you can shim the cuffs open. They're not through the notches. You're not really picking the locks. Wait, So how do you get the piece of metal again? Where's it at? Off of a windshield wiper. Oh. So you'll see some photos, I'll send you this later today of me holding a windshield wiper out in front of a police station and then, and, and actually with it in front of the cops, showing them how to use that. And then a piece of metal that I found in the back seat of a spring of a car if you could dig in to get it.


But, and then another one was picking padlocks with the stem from reading glasses or glasses, which is actually two pieces. You get a shim, you get a, and then there's something completely different, which is going through the shank of a padlock. So anyway, I'm doing this stuff and we go from local police to, I was connected, put up with an organization that was with the criminal justice system, and it was called the MacGyver 1 0 1. And it was a three day weekend. They had a guy that was a narcotics OA federal Bureau of narcotics there ano another guy on weapons at three. I was the only one that was a non officer.


So I don't know if you can actually Google on YouTube. Somebody put it on there Once the handcuff escape and a prison escape. Yeah. How did you escape from the prison? There's several ways. So I was, I gave him one of the methods that with certain cells you can use that people would take shampoo, bottle toilet, remember it's things around you and block the boat hole. And when you slam the, some of the cells, it seems like it shut. That's not the I'm, I don't give away my best secrets, believe it or not. I really don't. So, So I, this is the one I gave them. Yeah. And the cops say, oh, we had that happen. We actually had a guy get outta the cell that way. You know, this stuff's really going on. Yeah. And that's why I'm not afraid to share it. Yeah. I think the best. But we were shut down.


And I will tell you this too. So we're doing these federal things and I know we gotta go quick probably, but I You're good. You're good. I actually We're good. Told them I had a second hobby and it was sneaking into places, testing security at places. So I was trying to make this part of My business. I always wanted to do that. I always wanted to go to stores to like show them how much I could steal from them and then go here, here's how I did it. So If you really wanna see this stuff, I'll send it to you. I, I was making this part of my business. We had some customers that I would show them how I could get through their security and get past the bomb squads. And some of these things were so easy, you Know? Did you get onto a plane? You think through the t s A? That's what I was leading up through. No, really big time, big time story. This is the story.


So I've got the photographs to show, I told them in my observation, the t s a at the airport is the absolute weakest security in the world. And I can get, and I, I got an arsenal of stuff through it and I was show you, I kid you not started with things like metal signs from, you know, about this large surfboard and finally a big metal sword, which I've got a picture of my wife angry looking at me. And it's not, not a fake picture. She didn't know I did it. And I put under my jacket. Jacket. And so what was going on? There's a and and I, here's, gosh, I'm gonna just share this right now. 'cause I wasn't, I'm not supposed to share this. This is what ended my career with the law enforcement.


It, I, I love this story and I I'm sharing it publicly for the first time. And it could get me in some serious trouble. I kid you not. Yeah. So here's what was going on. I said I can, I, I said, okay, first is, I called it the magic trick. We'd go to the airport. Yeah. I've got all this on video pictures. And you've got all these TSAs standing around. Right. An abundance of them watching. I wanna get that number down. When I say the magic words, abracadabra, all the, a big group of 'em. They all leave leaving a skeleton crew for me to work with. And I, it works every time I job. And they, how, this is what they were asking me at the, oh, the, the, they'd say, how do you do? Is it hypnosis? No.


So I would hide a bottle of water in a backpack or drop it in somebody's purse while in line. Yeah. And one of my demonstrations I use is my nephew, which I, because he's was in on it. But you can stick it anybody. They get flagged these extra bodies are here just for that reason. You got a bottle of water, they're gonna take you off and they're gonna, so you can control, you get these people out of the, right now, they're over there. No harm, no no foul. The lady water person gets to leaves. There's a bottle of water. Right. But you get rid of 'em. Now to necks step was this, there's this tray, this table where you roll all your stuff around And you put your, your stuff in. Right. And underneath, there's nothing there. It runs right up to I guess what's designed to be a portable x-ray machine.


It's got wheels on it. There's a gap underneath this thing. Right. So this is blocking the view. You got the people in the computer looking straight down. You got this guy over here, here, Colin, you gotta take your shoes off. You got guy over here. Make sure to make needs help. And you got people crawling all over the floor, putting shoes on, on the other side. So I would drop the item in the floor and kick it underneath the machine. Right. And I take, and I'm snapping photos, which is illegal. I found out I snap and I've got a ton of these from like 20 airports kick it. And we were showing them on the screen showing how I got this, that, and trying to get something done. So the MacGyver 1 0 1 team, the people I work for, they wrote a letter to the White House.


I guess the criminal justice system did it. We got a nice letter and I got a big certificate. Wonderful. All you stuff you've done this is, we're this is gonna cost some changes. You know, we want to fly you to Washington a certain month for this round table thing. They do once a year. What? And our, my, my stuff would go right to the government. Suddenly my sister who lives in Hawaii at the time, gets a call. I don't know why the guy couldn't find me. And I guess I didn't answer my phone, but, and says, we need to find your brother right this minute. Where's your brother? She, she, and she said, what's going on? She said, well, they're coming to arrest him and go to jail. She's like, what? She said, if you know how to get ahold of him, you must find him right now. So I, I said, what's the matter with you?


I was talking about you told me to call this number if I ever got arrested. Yeah. Going through the airport. And you would tell, they said, well that's the thing. You know, we, we normally, they work with this. We tell 'em you're testing it. Or we would, we would, you know, talk to the judge and you're working for us. You're helping. Yeah. And he said no. He said the t s A are pissed. He said, these guys, they say they're gonna make an example out of you. What? But you, you're guilty of several felonies. Not only did you not work, really, you're not a lot in law enforcement. Yeah, yeah. That you took pictures, you manipulated officers and bragged about it out of the area and endangered lies by showing people how to, how to do this. Who'd you show though? I put it all over social media. Oh fuck. Every everyone. And I told 'em I was gonna do it.


I said, lemme tell you something. I'm not getting part of a coverup. Yeah. I said, if, if, if we show the public what's going on, they'll change it. Yeah, for sure. 'cause I am not so egotistical to believe that I am the only one on earth who's gonna see that and could do it. That's pretty smart though. To kick it under. They made Some changes. Make my vape pen changes. So if you look at my photographs of airports and or you have a good memory, go to the airports now and they're all a little different. And you can tell they're experimenting. They've changed some things. They've got a wall they're putting now Under the Thing that runs further back. So you can't control something right up to the gotcha. To kick it Under. They're, they've got a machine now to bring the carts back around that they've made, they, they're finding ways to complicate this thing.


Yeah. And I'm very thankful that that happened. But Why did they arrest you? How'd you get outta that? So they were coming, they were looking for me and my guy. He says, I need you to hide. I'm about what? He goes, I'm dead serious. He said, 'cause if they, if you, if you get arrested, we may not know where you are. Yeah. It's like federal stuff too. Yeah. He said, we, it's a ts e. He said, these guys are not joking here. He says they're mad. They're never, They're never joking. They're always fucking Grumpy. So he said, we're gonna fight with him. So he came back, he said, it's been resolved. There's three conditions. One is we can no longer hire you. You lost a gig. You know, no more teaching the officers. We gotta end this. No more airports. No, no nothing. Number two, you gotta delete all your social media posts, which I did not do. I still see some pop up in memories, but somebody deleted some of them and they said, number three, they wanna meet you in person.


I'm like, why do they wanna meet me in person? He goes, I don't know. They just wanted to see. I, no. I said, I'm gonna do everything but that. Yeah. Because that sounds like a trap, you Know? Yeah. Really turn Yourself out. Not, you know, idiot. But anyway, so no, I I, I never, he they said, oh, and he thought that part of the condition, not only can you not tell anybody what you did, you can't tell them why you can't do it anymore. This thing just has to go away right now. Really? Yeah. Just disappear. So that's why this is the first time I've shared it and I'm a little upset. That why I'm Yeah. That kind. I'm, How, How, how big was a sword You got through. How big what, How big was the sword that you got through c S a? Oh my gosh.


I wanna, I should have sent you that picture. It was from the floor to here. What'd you do with it once you got through the, the security? Well, I carried it around, but it, it looked like this. I, I, I took another The plate. But you get weird looks at the sword. Well, the photo I'll send you we're at the gate where my sister is flying one place right from one plane. And, and my wife's there. My wife said, you can never do this stuff when you're with me. Which I didn't typically on this. And, and So I had two versions. Right. Some of this stuff I just carried on me and tossed it down. But I usually use the jacket. Okay. Yeah. And I would use the jacket to kind of drop it to get it, whatever it was underneath It. I gotcha. I Got you. And then when I'm down tying my shoes, I would retain, sometimes something got stuck under there.


It wasn't a sword, but I would just crawl over there and get it. 'cause everybody's in the floor putting on shoes. This is the weakest thing I've ever seen in my life, you know? And one of the officers even saw me once and I said, I dropped my wallet and it was, you know, underneath Broad sword, But the sword. So we're done through, we got it through to the gates. And that's, that's from there on. It's really not a big deal deal. And, but I'm saying goodbye to my sister and I'm holding the sword in the photograph behind my back. And you see my wife going and I had somebody take the picture right of us leaving, saying goodbye. Take that group. You know, we're hugging and she's just going. So she's still mad about That.


She knows you got that thing on you. She's Very upset about that. So that's a real photo I'll show you. I wanted to put it back on social media even after it was so funny. That's when some of this was going down and, you know, my Content said, yeah, that's how long ago was this? Seven, six. Seven. Seven years I think before I moved here. I don't know why. In my head, I feel like if a crime happened seven years ago, you're good. So, So, and that was one of the reasons I left where I'm from Oklahoma, was that to move to California, that was the reason.


This episode is brought to you by dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, you need to stop being an A hole to your B hole and switch to dude wipes. Isn't that funny? That is funny. Whoever Wrote this, gimme a call. I need some material. I made the switch myself. And the difference, let me tell you, is real dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the convenience of their flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. No more juggling rolls are settling for less than the adequate wipes. Are you tired of juggling rolls Matt? For Sure. They leave no room for Dingleberries. All right. Or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Yeah. Leave those on the floor. The butt crumbs. Yeah. Plus they're extra large for adults. I like that. Because you are not a baby. So stop using baby wipes. Ditch the itch and switch to wet extra large Flushable dude wipes. Dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.


This episode is brought to you by noss Energy. Noss Energy exists to boost your horsepower literally every single day I wake up. I need a boost. I need a boost all day long, guys. If you want the high performance boost that tastes great, nos Energy comes in a range of refreshing flavors. Original GT Grape and Sonic Sour and Noss Zero Sugar is, you guessed it. Sugar free Noss Energy. Get after it. Find out more@drinknoss.com.


The fact is, I had studied acting in college and always wanted to be an actor. I thought you were a great actor. You did great. Thank You. I think I, I love doing it. It's, it's really something I've worked on as since a kid. And I wanna do it as a career. And it was one of those things where I was going to come out here right after college, but I couldn't, I got trapped in my career. Once you start booking annual stuff, now they're gonna book ahead. You're booked that month this year. They book you to necks year and to Necks thing. You know, 30, 40 years has gone by and you're just, and so it really took COVID as well really to shut everything down. And I said, I'm never looking back, you know, to, to go into acting full-time. Did You get any like long-term injuries from doing like stunts and stuff Covered with them? Are you really Absolutely.


Yeah. Covered with them. I did an air show, stunt, did an escape, and I had a bad landing. How high? Up More than 10,000 feet. But it, it's not, it was an escape from a box, which was a thing where the audience thinks that they're going to, I was actually booked by a man named SEL Ford. He has an air show team. And he came to me, he said, I know you do stunts. He said, can you do something for air shows? He said, we need a new act or something to go with us. And he said, in air shows, in most shows, you want people to think you're gonna die in a stunt show, but in an air show, you want 'em to know you're gonna die. And I said, Hmm, I die death. What if the audience thinks they're gonna die? He said, even better. So in this effect, I dropped in the plane in the box and the audience is told it's falling out of control.


So they take it up in play and the audience can see the shoot open and they go, Steve was open to shoot, he's carrying the box back over the, the drop zone. So now I am holding this box, it looks like till I get over in the area. Wait, so are you release it, you're in the air? I'm, I'm with the chute. Oh, you're holding a Box. I'm holding a box, which what it looks like. And then I release it and, and pull these toggles and land. Well, the truth is, you can't hold a box when a chute opens in the air. So I'm wearing this harness we had made down in deland, Florida by a, a company real nice. They make tailor made stuff or stunts and, and air shows and things. And a strap attached me to the box. So I, the strap and as I get lower, I release the box and would open my chute.


So the problem is, anytime you get two lines, FFAA approved stunt is safe. I was angry at them. I said, you guys weren't honest with me. Anytime you put two lines in the air, you run a risk of danger. You get a line entanglement, which is exactly what happened. The shoot came out, wrapped around the strap to the box. So I've got a shoot there. Not the end of the world. You got two shoots cut away, your left one pull and your right one. Right. So now I've got this shoot open with the strap in the box, which is what it's supposed to look like. But there's an additional piece there that shouldn't be there. The, the first shoot. Right. So it's causing, you go like this as we, so as I go down, you can't look down when you're lowering.


Skydiving is a weird thing. You can't tell how low you are. But looking down, you have to look at the horizon. So about 50 feet from the ground looking out that way, you can tell where that is. You slow your descent normally. Right. So in my act is I cut away and then slow my descent. Right. So the horizon is just doing niche. I couldn't tell. And I was, I couldn't cut away 'cause I didn't know who I'm gonna kill. Right. This whole thing could Oh God, yeah. Land anywhere. So I'm trying to focus to see where I am. And that's the last thing I remember. I had a concussion. Oh, I, I've got the short socks, you know the nerd socks? You can see the scar right there on my Why are short socks, nerd socks.


I saw you in one of your acts. Some of the audience brought that up And you showed 'em your socks And you were, I don't remember that. You don't remember that. It's on YouTube right now. No socks. It's on right now. You're having to yell things out of the audience. Oh yeah. And Guy said something about this short socks. Oh It was, yeah. They were saying black ankle socks. They were sitting there. Yeah. Ankles actually on right now. So here's, you can see the scar right there, right? That one. Damn. Yeah. I got one on both sides. But I broke, I broke my hip, I broke that ankle too. But this one got crushed and most of the entire parts came out. It took forever to heal from that one broke the jaw. I got scars on my arm still from it. And so this was a long time ago. So it took forever to, to get well. But I had a shoot opener.


I'd be dead. You know, it was just what you say, a hard landing, you know? Yeah, yeah. And I tell ya, you know, it amazes me. People, the old army, those guys never did have opportunity. You know, they had, they always came down hard. I don't know how they did it. That's crazy. Or commendable that they would ever put up with that. But, but yeah. So yeah, I had spikes through my body one time. There was a guy who'd hired me before, it was a thing where I used to get chained in a chair and we'd had a martial artist with a screen with spikes. And he would come running down. I'm gagged. And he would kick through this thing after a ten second countdown. And I would roll under him, basically. Yeah. Yeah. And come out. And so this guy hires me and He says, can you do this act? I'm gonna have people bring stuff to the show.


I'm like, oh crap. You know, I'm exhausted. And he's got a, a pole in the stage, like a flag pole. He goes, we're gonna wrap you around this pole instead. I'm okay. And I said, we're bring a, we'll do a pair of handcuffs. Gimme 10 seconds to get out. You know? And then he has people bring stuff to the show and brings up on the stage. I'm like, what in the world is he doing? He's the EMC. He's, I had hired me 10 years before. Was it EMC? Was that You said EMC. He Was the M mc of the show. Oh, Mc of the show. I Gotcha. And the promoter. Yeah. He hired several acts. So he brought me back for this finale and people were chaining me up. And I'm like, okay. I said, I need, I need a full minute to escape from this. Yeah. He gags my mouth and they get the screen ready and He says, how many of y'all think Steve can get out of this in the 10 seconds he originally promised.


I'm like, Hmm, whoa. Punchline's gotta be coming. Right. Gotta be a punchline. And everybody applauds. And He says, put it in place. And he stands up and He says 10. Now. I'm like, are you kidding me? What? And I'm like, I didn't have a chance. Right. So I just turned my back to the spikes and this thing, and I've still got here. Oh, What the fuck man Crush. And the, the sad thing, and I wish my brain had been in the right place to not move an inch, that the audience broke out into applause. 'cause they thought I disappeared. And instead I'm mo I start moaning and moving and I'm stabbed. You know? But I wish I had not done that. Now, I didn't realize If you didn't move, you would've been fine. They Thought I was gone. The curtain would've shut, you know, into the show.


And everybody thought I disappeared. And then this thing started moving. They're like, uhoh, you know? So anyway, I'm like, dude, why did you do that? He goes, I thought you were kidding. And he said, man, I've seen you million times. He goes, I thought you could just, and z just like, and you're out. I've seen you do it. God. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. Don't think, Confirm that. Oh God. Thanks a lot. How big Are the spikes? Oh my gosh. Oh, one of them. Yeah. Went right back to my spinal cord, you know, know. Oh dude, I didn't, I'd been paralyzed. What Do we have time to do? Another magic trick, or we don't, I think we have time. Well, the one thing I wanted to ask you about, we have, we have a half an hour. We're good.


This episode of Matt and Shane Secret podcast is brought to you by dude wipes, riff prompts. When you wipe, are you sitting or standing? I started out sitting today and then I actually, actually, I'm not lying. I got saved by dude wipes today. I was in the bathroom taking a dump at Shane's house, and I had, you know what it like, clings to the side of your butt? Kind of. I had a large deposit clinging to my butt. And it, like, literally, I, you know, when you, did you ever get it on your hand at all when you wipe? I don't, the gross you guys out has, like, accidentally. Have you, have you ever got it on your hand? I can't remember. I did. It literally happened to me today. Like, I got it just a tiny bit on my hand. I was like, fuck. Well, that's The joy of the dude. Wiper. Exhale. Wipe for a exhale, Man. No, it, it was, it came in handy. I would've had it gone home. It was such a disaster. That came handy. Thank God I did that. Guys, whichever way you wipe, it's time to show your bee hole some respect and upgrade to dude wipes. Dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. They leave no room for dingle berries or stray butt crumbs that Teepe might miss. Plus their extra large and designed for adults. So no more endless roles or setting for less, or, sorry. So no more endless roles or settling for less than perfect wipes, dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.


The one thing I wanted to ask you about, we'll definitely do some more magic. The used to be able to hold your breath for four minutes. Yep. And now you said you can't hold your breath that long anymore. No. And nor do I know what happened. I've had, you know, a lot of things started to change. I used to be in, you know, very good physical shape. You might remember seeing some of the older photos ripped. I saw the picture for an audience, you know, and I, you know, I was starting to develop some intestinal issues with Crohn's disease, which I kind of hid and, and continued some things were going on. But yeah, I started as a kid holding my breath and I was on the swim team and they always hated it. I was horrible swimming on top of the water. So I would always dive in and go all the way to the other side.


Oh dude, as soon as we come back emerge, you know, to finish it up. So I get in and they're like, What stroke were you doing? What stroke Were you doing? Oh, that was just the regular bicycle, you know? Oh dude. But they, they, you know, But You would just be submerged the whole time. Oh, the, the first run all the way to the end. And when I'd come back, I'd come up to give 'em a few, a little bit of fairness, but I was fast under that water. There was no rule how long you stayed under. Right. So I, well, if there's no really rule in the books, how long you stayed, but I practiced all the time. And so yeah, I, I was comfortable sitting on the bottom of a pool, shimming locks, picking locks, manipulating them open that people would bring. And, and, and you know, you know, all honestly, you get eight or 10 locks.


You don't have to open all of them. People didn't realize that necessarily. Yeah, yeah. You know, you open the key locks and, but I was comfortable and then I would, I would spread this, pace it out. I wouldn't give the audience a good show. Somebody asked me when I was coming out of one of my water effects, which like could to the lake and the box and things. All these, you mean you come out, you're exhausted, you're coughing up water, you, you know, are you really suffering or is it all an act? No, I'm really suffering. But it's all self-inflicted. I stay would stay out there. You would stay As long as you guys, You stay underwater as long as you can until you absolutely can't stay under, come up. You're gonna be really breathing hard. Did You ever pass out underwater? Actually, I did one time. I did once too. It was fucking terrifying. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. How'd you Get, did you get pulled out? I Don't know what happened.


We were at punk theater in Punk city, Oklahoma, which was supposed to be a haunted theater. And we had some weird stuff happen with the water tank. Oh. An older water tank when they were trying to pull me up a double pulley system where I go up easy, started fighting them. They're pulling this thing, they're, you know, we don't know what's going on. Right. And, and we got this on video. They, and they kind of get me up and it's this big a-frame. I'm hanging upside down. There's a roller thing. I mean, you got your, your feet and these stalks, right? And then you got this thing that runs up to the top of this where they pulled you up and they, they roll you across. Well, I, they're having so much trouble and I think, man, this thing's gonna a break. Something's wrong here. So the minute we got up there, I said, get me over the tank quick.


'cause they're holding your hands. And so we, and I mean, the second I was there, it broke the weird thing on that night. The break had nothing to do with the pulley system. It was a, it was a piece of steel that they would use for mountain climbing. Right. The, they held the stalks and went spot. That thing just broke Jesus. It shouldn't have broken. And another place had nothing to do with the tension. So there was two issues, really. Three, because the water was boiling after we put a little bucket heater in hours before, 'cause it was ice, cold water should have taken a day to heat it. But the water was like boiling hot when I almost went in it. And I'm, I'm glad I tested it. So this was like a haunted theater. And everybody's telling me all this haunted stuff's going on. I'm like, you know, I just couldn't believe it. And then all of a sudden everything starts going downhill for hack.


Whoa. So when I hit this thing, I didn't get any air 'cause I wasn't prepared. Right. Yeah. It's a 1, 2, 3, 4 fifth one. Hold it. Go in and I'm good for a while. Right. In this case, I was probably on the exhale and I went down so when the stocks came down, they couldn't get the lid on. 'cause it fell so fast. You gotta hit it just right. You know? Yeah, yeah. And you guys are fighting with it. And I've got a guy sitting right over here who's a spotter who does nothing but watch me. And if he sees me make a signal, something's wrong. Cut it. Yeah. I'm like, cut it. I'm looking, where is he? He's not there. First rule. And daredevil stunts just keep, don't change anything.


Don't improvise. Nothing. This guy left his post to run and help these guys get the lid on. Right. So I'm trying to get my part to get out of this thing. And I blacked out to Necks thing. I know I'm in the floor. Oh. So I, I had fallen, but I don't know what happened. I literally don't remember. Remember Jesus Christ. Very peculiar experience for sure. Yeah. That crazy. Very, very terrifying. For sure. Yeah. I, I was just swimming with my friends and we were like drinking and I think my, I was using my kids' goggles, so they were super tight and they were just like, I think cutting off like blood in my brain. And I tried to go back and forth in the pool and I was coming back and I just, I don't remember. I like remember coming outta the water, just lungs full of breath. I somehow just propel myself out, like kind of blacked out.


And then I fell forward again and just hit my chin on the edge of the pool. I was, Water is so dangerous. And even for an escape artist. And I, you know, I don't like to tell all my secrets, but I would do everything I can, you know, I could do to make these things safe. Like chained up, thrown in a pool is that I would have a signal, you know, to that something's wrong. And we would tell the audience, well, they'll have to jump in, pull these heavy weights all the way to the shallow and to get me out. Well, the fact is, we had a rope with a hook on it. But then I'm like suffering later. And I've asked my guys, 'cause could you see me? And you know, I really couldn't see that. Well, you know, the water was chlorinated. I, I just couldn't see it. Or we're in a lake.


I almost died in a lake. I, I showed you a picture of this, I think yesterday coming outta the lake that was totally unexpected. Wooden box was in a lake and I did what I had to do to open it. But the wood had sealed. And I mean, it was a tough sucker to get out of there. Once I got out, I'm exhausted and I'm trying to work my way up. Lo and behold, we've got quick sand or something underneath the water. When I get too shallow enough to walk, it's takes me down and I'm like, pooling. It's hard to get my wet my head on, you know, wet shoes. I mean, they're gone. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, I'm fighting to get my feet outta this and my guys are coming out. So the photo, I, I may or I've got on my phone, but they're coming out to try to help me. And then they're sinking.


Oh fuck, five guys, 10 guys are rescue guys. They can't even get to me. You know, and I'm just like, and I'm so tired. So water. Yeah. Water is Dangerous, you know, it doesn't, it didn't scare me, but it's water didn't scare me. Like, something's like height scare me. Yeah. Yeah. But, but it's very dangerous. Yeah. It is peaceful though underwater. Right? Very peaceful. I have, I have little kids and I, we'll go in the pool and every now and again I'll just disappear from my whole family underwater for a good minute. And it's just The best. Absolutely. Just The fucking best just to go underwater. I can't hear anything for, yeah. And that was my life. So, you know, riling back to a question you asked. I would sit there underwater and comfortably do my thing and enjoyed the peace and quiet until it was time to come up. But then one day it changed.


I just lost that ability. It's crazy. So I went to a doctor and I said, we got a serious problem. I've got bookings. I said, listen, I can hold my breath a lot longer than this. I, I can't hold my breath. I don't know why as much as I practice. And so they even did a heart test, massaged my heart. They said, this sounds like it's a heart thing and no, your heart's fine. And they finally said, listen, whatever weirdness it was that you were gifted with to hold your breath before minutes is just gone. Whoa. You know, your body's changing. Just time for acting. You know, it's time to go to become an actor. Like, I gotta survive the last. So the thing that changed was I went from a comfortable performance. 'cause it's a show. Even if there's danger, you know, if it's tough, you know, it's still a show, a comfortable performance to put on a good show of fighting to, against death, struggling, you know, to a real fight against death where I'm going as fast as I can and suffering every minute.


Did You still keep doing them even at, even after you over? No, I didn't book anymore after that. Yeah. I had to, I, but I finished my contract. I mean, I had bookings. I, you know, had a, a religion about it that once the deal is made, you know, you don't pull out, if you, once you sign, you're gonna be there. And I mean, I don't recommend this for everybody, but it's the truth. You know, I did a show with a broken leg once, not that break. Another one for a rollercoaster. I had to go do a second show. So to break your leg on a rollercoaster, Well that was a thing where I'm strapped to the rollercoaster. I think I showed you those pictures and the straight jacket and we put a screen up and the rollercoasters come in. I have to dive out before it comes through. And I, it's a long time ago. Yeah. Way back frontier, or excuse me, spring Lake Amusement Park in Oklahoma City was the first one I did.


And that was in college way back. Some other guys have done it since then, but it was my original act and there was a way I knew that the rollercoaster was so close, right. Yeah. So I You don't wanna jump out Yeah. Too early or it looks boring. Sure, sure. So you gotta wait till it gets there and Jump it caught your leg. What Did the rollercoaster caught your leg, you're saying? No, No. I thought it was closer than was. So it's like with flying that, you know, you don't trust your eyes, you gotta trust the instrument. So I, I had a way of knowing where it was that I didn't trust it. It sounded like it was there. I'm like, I don't have time to jump up and land on this platform. So I just went under straight down under the tracks and dropped 15 feet.


Oh, Jesus man. Broke the ankles again. My poor body, you talk about, I had a total hip replacement last November. It got so bad I couldn't walk that. You're the pain. And oh, I'm like, now I'm too young for a hip replacement, doctor Re But that's the best surgery you can get. Boy, I'll tell you what, I'm, I'm really, yeah, I can't tell I've ever had a problem. I'm not as limber as I was, but I'll say that, you know, 'cause you're not allowed to stretch after six months or something. But yeah, we live with it and I think it was all worth it, you know. Nice. And the, the one thing I wanted to ask you about, because I, I found this kind of fascinating. The, you were on, what was the TV show? You were on The Cooking Show America's Worst Chef or something? That was very recent. Yeah. Last year.


Was it the year before I lose track of time. I'm doing my acting thing and there's a strike going on. I was on a series at Eli Roth's scary series, which was still on Max playing an Exorcist. And we were gonna have additional shows and we got shut down for the strike. And I'm like, oh man, this sucks. And So I asked the union, well what can we do? They said, well, you can do reality shows. So I am the world's worst cook. I'm really horrible. When I was single, I would throw everything a bowl, turn on the stove high as it would go to rush, stir it up, didn't care what it tastes like. Throw on all the things that you need to eat with your forefront groups and eat 'em. Yeah. And, but I was on the road eating out.


Yeah. My whole life. So then I married a girl that was a great cook and she doesn't allow me in the kitchen at all, period. You know, she, I made a mess when she leaves to see grandkids or something, you know. Yeah, yeah. I've rent the microwave. I've done. But anyhow, So I auditioned and got on World's Worst Cooks. I think it is the pronounced that way. Yeah. Yeah. It is. Worst in America. World's worst Cooks Season 27 and beautiful. It's Pretty 2017. Beautiful lady man. That's Crazy. Chef Ann Ann Burrell, I think I'm saying it right. Yeah. You know, she died here just two weeks ago. Isn't that cr That's nuts man. And it's just so sad. She was a great lady. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we had a lot of fun on the show, you know, of course she's yelling at you and, you know, we're Hamed up.


The, the bad cooking was all real. People think I made that stuff up, you know, we hammed up the performance a little bit. For sure. It was, it was all real. But yeah, we're really shocked. And I had a great time though, and some great memories and, and sadly she was gonna take a break from the show, but she told me she wanted me to come back and so did the producers. They occasionally do reunion shows. Sure, yeah. They the worst of the worst And you gonna have me back? 'cause we had such a good time and I wasn't sure if I wanted to go back. I thought, is this really the image I want with my acting? Yeah. But now that we lost her, I'm like, you know what, you know, if I'd known, I'd definitely gone back quicker. Yeah. Yeah. Very nice lady. Yeah. Shame. She died. I didn't realize that show had so many seasons.


That's crazy. Nor did I, I've heard it once or twice before that, you know. Yeah. I didn't really watch it. Yeah. 'cause like Triple D's gotta be at what, like 30 seasons like diners, drive-ins has to be at least like 30 something seasons. Yeah. It's gotta be. I haven't seen that in years. Still on. I think So. I think it's actually like shot in like fucking eight k now. I think they're really stepped up the production on D three. Interesting. But yeah, let's set some tricks, man. Let, let's, let's close this thing out strong. Alright, you're on Here. He is. Sorry to make you wait so long. Oh, That's okay. Happy to help. What made me think of this? When you're talking about the spikes and cutting and the little bit of rope magic today. Okay.


But you're gonna be my assistant. Oh, nice. For speaking of, I don't if you can get this, we just stabbed my neighbor over here. One second. Maybe you've heard of the famous trick where the rope floats up into the air. Someone climbs the rope. That'll be you. Okay. Disappears. And then the rope falls. Have you heard of this? No. The East Indian rope trick. Very famous. Well, this is okay. 'cause I don't know that one, but that would've been a good trick. Alright, now I, I really do know some weird things with rope though. For example, have you ever wondered what happens? Yeah. When you take the ends off the rope, you can actually get a loop of rope when you do that. But to do the trick I wanna do today, I'm gonna need two ropes. They have to be exactly the same. This is where you come into the trick. So would you hand me the center of the rope?


It's gotta give me you the middle right here. All right, Mr. Microphone, would you agree? If you cut it here, that would give us two the same link. All right. That's the spot selected. Very careful. Take the scissor. Don't cut the fingers. Just cut the rope, grab the Scissor. I'm gonna give you nice injury right There. Don't cut the mic cord either, right? All right, but we're a little off on the link. That's okay. I'm gonna have you even these out. Let me line 'em up straight and ask you to cut this off. Right here. That should do it right there. Where do you want? Right there. I think that should make 'em exactly the same length. All right, now we have two ropes at the, okay, we need two ropes, exactly the same length. Would you mind cutting that right there? Just give it a good cut. There we go. Right there.


That's a way to do it. Now we have two ropes. Exactly. The Yo, Have you ever had something called deja vu? Yeah. Have you ever had something called deja vu? Have you ever had? So I do that? You heard that one coming? I bet. Here we go. This is the abra a cadabra. All right, we're just gonna start all over. Here we go. Now, to do the trick I really wanna do today, we're gonna need two ropes that have to be the same length. That's where you come outta the trick. Grab the middle of the rope and just lift it up. Hand it to me. Now, would you agree if we cut the rope here, we'd have two the same length look. Pretty fair? Would you grab the scissors again? Cut it just like you did before. Here we go. And darn, we're a little off on the link. Would you mind cutting the, you know what, rather than go through all of that again, I, I think if we just do the creek, we can actually correct the link.


So let me give you a good view. You look like a good knot, right? Hold onto the end of the rope real tight. Don't let go Watch the knot. Ooh, you can let go. Now, a lot of people think it's a trick knot. That is why I always like to untie it. Come here so everybody can see it is indeed a real knot. Yeah. All right. Now Matt, would you like to put two ropes back together yourself? Yeah. I know you can do it. Big fan of yours. You know I got a, a carpet named after you outside my door at home too, guys. All right. I'll get the ss here for you. Always been a big fan, by the way. Thank You for having me. For sure, man. Alright, I'm gonna tie the ends of that one.


We'll give it a cut and I want you to pick her up. Do you want to use the one I just tied and cut? Or the rope? I'm gonna cut right now. I'll Take the one you're gonna cut right now. Which one? This one? Yeah. Lemme get better. Cut. I always give you a chance to change your mind. Would you like to change your mind or keep the mind that you have? Okay. I'll keep the one that I have. You gonna keep his mind. All right, here we go. So we're gonna tie these together for you. Just like that. All right, hold it on the end. Alright. So you won't be able to do the magic wave 'cause you got a mic. So, okay. Instead say the magic words. Abbra za. Alakazam say, oh, what a great Magician I am. What a great Magician. And you don't have a hand to take it in your teeth.


Fold the knot off like a real escape artist. Ah, you did it. There we go. There We go. Good job, man. All Of it stuff. You can keep that as a souvenir. I will. It might be worth penny someday, right? Yeah. How'd you even do that? That's crazy. You did it. You Did it. True. Good job. Magic's in me. We can do it on the trick if you want. Show you how one is done. No, I would never, I would never reveal able to See stand. You want me? I mean, do you want me to show you how a trick is done today? Stand If you want Stand. I thought magicians be killed for that. This is a special show. It's the secret True, true Podcast. Show me the secret. The secret. Show Me the secret truth. All right, can we take a little break and we'll yeah. Take a break. Take a break. We Out. All right, we'll, we'll be right back with the secret for the secret Broadcast Show. Okay. Alright.


All right. We're cutting back in. Lemme know. All right, we're back. The interview portion. I think the interview portion is concluded, but now we're doing tricks. Okay. Alright. No, good. It's a good interview. That was a great interview. Had fun. Thank You. Thank You. I had fun. I will talk in the micro, but we're gonna give it off in a minute. But first we magic we promised we're gonna be doing some miracles right now. Many as they were done thousands of years ago. Maybe you heard of this one. It's called Walking on Water. Thank You. No, I I was about to tell you, you just got promoted. We do hope both of these things now. Okay. Thank You so much for that. Oh, he's lovely assistant in Mr. Microphone. So Beautiful. Okay, this is definitely one of the things. We're not gonna have a relationship with our assistant, by the way.


Just, I don't know man. If you put me around all those carneys, it could get kind of weird on there. Alright, so what are we gonna do? Well, this is secret podcast. I'm gonna reveal a secret today. Oh, here we go. Show you a magic trick. Show you how it's done. For this trick, you need a handkerchief, a scarf on the left, a left hand. You put the handkerchief for a scarf all the way in the hand like this. Okay? You make something called a magic pass. We know what a pass is, right? I go up to Mr. Microphone, go high. Not doing that kind of pass. We've already established that I'm magic pass. And you do this. Now we have an egg and the scarf for handkerchief has jumped into my pocket.


Yo, I promised. All right. You ready to see the secret? Let's see the secret. Actually Ibotta it by the steak. If you ladies need something out there, this is the secret. You put that, alright. Different secret. Alright. Yes. The secret to the magic trick, and this is a trick egg. It's a plastic egg laid by a very sick bird, and there's a hole in the back of the egg, kind of a let down when you see how these work. And you need two handkerchiefs to do the trick. All right? Here's what you do. You hide the egg in your hand. Hold both hands the same. You come out in a natural way. So natural. Whatever looks natural, for sure. Take the handkerchief, wave it around like this.


Actually, that depends on the company that you're, you don't wanna drop it either. True. Anyway, sorry. You're getting paid, right? That's all that matters. Okay, here we go. He's actually really wealthy. Oh, okay. Really? Yeah. Well maybe we could renegotiate this relationship after all. You didn't tell me that. Okay, so he's in the top 3%, I would say, in the country. Wow. 3% of what? Earners. Earners. Earners. Really amazing. Congratulations. Dick. Apparently is a huge dick. I don't wanna make it weird, but he is a huge dick. This job pays a lot. Huh? He's got a huge dick too. Oh yes. Money. Big dick. You, I guess you're getting a lot of fans right now.


Gosh, I didn't plug my Instagram. You guys follow me on Instagram. Plug it. What is it? Entertainer. Steve Crawford Entertainer. You type Entertainer. I'll pop up. There you go. Why did I do that? Because I'm from Facebook country and I'm trying to get some new friends out here, so, got you. Nice to meet you guys. Okay, so where were we? Oh yeah. You hide the egg in your hand. You hold both hands the same. Come out in a natural way. Take the handkerchief And you start placing it in your hand. But we know what's going where? In the egg. In the egg. It actually goes all the way into the egg. We go, you make the pass, you show them the egg And you tell everyone that the scarf for handkerchief has jumped into your pocket. Now there's a couple of quick rules I gotta make. Why do you show 'em the egg can't show the egg?


Well you show 'em that it has turned into an egg. Oh. But just a few tips. He's got a point. First of all, you know, don't show anybody the back side of the egg, right? Sure, sure, sure. That's important. Wild. Wild Wes. And, and make certain in the handkerchief in your pocket is the same color as that one that's in the egg. Right? Right, right. It just doesn't match that. You're not gonna fool 'em. But what do you do if they see the back of the egg? I mean, when you guys are standing you can see the red. Well you don't tell him it's a handkerchief. You can tell him you cut your finger and you're painting it. Chicken banged his head trying to get out. I may be be a Magician, but as you probably got a feel for it, I'm an honest guy. I try to be honest for, so here's, here's what I like to do. Make a real magic pass. Peel the hole off the egg like that.


Crack the eggs so everybody can see. Hold on a second, brother. Yo, you tricked us. That is a real egg. You tricked us. Oh, this one. Oh, gravity. Gravity strong over here. Sorry. And that's what I like to do. And that's a magic secret for you. You tricked us, bro. You didn't give us the secrets. That's awesome. That's a good secret. That's a Magician. What you mean? I lie a lot, you know? Right. But you know it's a trick. Alright, that was pretty cool. Thank You very much. Hell yeah. Thank You Steve. Been fun. Appreciate you. Bye. Goodbye. That was great.