
All right. Hey, we're here live today on our guest. Today's simple, Jack, Don't worry about it. He says, We actually just took him off a stick in a cornfield. Here's a scarecrow. I think it's cool. It's what the kids are doing. I'm part of the young Latin kings running around the streets. It's good. It is a Paul brother haircut. You got a Paul brother haircut. True. I was on the phone to Shane immediately before getting the haircut, and I said, the barber has a monkey. 'cause there was a small monkey at the barber shop. Say what? There was a monkey at the barber shop near the, where we live, and it had pajamas on and it was on a, a leash. Do You let the monkey cut your hair? No. No.


Yeah, the monkey was in the next room screaming and very unhappy For He had for like an angry monkey at the Barbershop. Yeah. Had, there were like 18 guys working in the barbershop and one of them had a monkey. Fuck, I've never seen this before. Anyway. And you, you were like, that's the, that's where I want to go. It was the Most affordable place to have your hair cut in the area. Everywhere else was like, I went to another barber first and they said, you need an appointment. Really? And I thought that broke the barber's code of like, just walk in and hang out. Yeah. Can I just talk baseball? That was the original barbershop quartet. You would stand outside of the barbershop and dudes would just harmonize and just get down. Barbers used to keep musical instruments in their place Just to keep the piety going on it. Or Yeah. You just, you would chill and just be like, oh, with like four of your boys and fire for The longest time You got, you would just be, you'd be at like the ye old Haircuttery and just be like, oh, White people started that.


Yeah, true. And England, they'll keep like a loot handy to the case. The barbershop, it's a white thing. It kind of, I mean, dude barbershop chill culture Now. Now, now white culture. Now white haircuts are just either guys with those mustaches or go to the Haircuttery at Walmart. Yeah. Now we're talking at cut. There's no, there's not a haircut Cuttery at Walmart. Yeah. They would've done you better than the monkeys. I keep thinking of signing up to the Walmart bank where every time I'd said, I went to the barber shop and they had a monkey. People did say that Monkey cut. People looked at me like I was dropping monkey. Some terrible slur. It's not a bad haircut. It's not that bad. It's not that You gotta pick a someone of your race to cut your hair.


The worst one I had was an Asian barber who had no idea what to do With hair. It was worse. Yeah. I've had a worse, this is not the worst haircut, If you can believe it. The best one I had was an ex-con in Adelaide. That was great. Yeah. I got a mullet. They knew what to do. They were respectful. Yeah. You should get a mullet. I let the mullet grow out too much than I immediately look like a woman, a fat woman from Oh man. Well, James, the, the special's doing great. You gotta feel good. Yeah, man. I feel it was meant to be an hour and then I had a panic attack and I cut it right down. So I'll do another one. But Thank You for having come out. I drank raw milk and then I was vomiting everywhere and I felt bad about him. I know. I'm sorry to hear you had a bad experience.


Yeah, I was devastated that the raw milk, well That was the conversation we had. 'cause he was like, I think it was the raw milk and I was like, I don't know. But I just got raw milk. Matt gave me raw milk and it was great. Yeah. It was the most delicious milk. I sucked Matt's raw milk down and it felt great. But then he was like, no, I had, I had like seven glasses. Yeah. Was Like, yeah. Like most of a gallon. I how regular. How milk will fucking do that too. What did you say? You crushed almost a gallon is too good. It is so good. It's So good. Good. It Taste like a secret. You know there's, there is like a thing about how milk itself is like white supremacist. That's why I wanted the right wing milk. I wanted to see what it was like. And the guy who was selling it looked, he was handsome. He had big shot. He was the only person at the farmer's market who actually looked healthy.


Everyone else looks weak and faded and unusual. But he had drinking the Wrong cool Van. Do You Know what I mean? I just didn't trust anyone else. They're not, they're not fucking drinking the raw milk. They, they say that they're like, there is like almost like a Nazi Arian connection where they try to say like, the original mythical s were the only people who could digest cow's milk. Well, I'm a race trader as well as being sick. No, no, no. I don't live up to Hitler's ideals with my food poison. No. They say like, you just drank too much. You had Too Much power. I'm gonna go back to the raw milk. I think I know You are. This Is not enough for me to stay away. I know. You're gonna go back to the beef B and yo, I was gonna ask for that video of me throwing up over the beef Bergen.


I thought that would be good if I ever have a production company. I know Beef Bergon it. We could have Bergen Productions and then, oh, Bergen y. Yeah. Did you throw up the Bergon? Yeah. Me and him went out one night in Philly. I even told you this. No. And he got fucking hammered. He got shitfaced at dinner and he got beef boen. And then we got back to my apartment and he was fucking puke and he was like, shine, don't follow me. I just Filming him. I asked him not to record because That's a great thing. Don't record this. And I was like, I'm not. Then he showed it to my wife. I tried and said that we work hard when we're on the road. He was like, James, we're so fucked up. Boo vomit and Beef Bergen. But the beef burger, you know like in between he vomits so loud. It's like, oh, that is A problem that I do have.


Ah. And then he goes, ah, too much beef burg. I don't know how to throw up quietly. It's not an easy thing to manage Is vomiting accent. I never thought about That. No. I'd make a noise is Vomiting. So had to be. Yeah. At the very end of it, you can hear a little Australian. He is like, what? It's the Chun. That's why it has a special name Beef. An Haitian vomit. Be like who? Beef. It's gotta be. It's gotta be slightly accented. Yes. You found, found Movie. I think the end of a black vomit. You God Goddamn first all.


Ah. I'm not gonna make fun of you. Take you on podcast and let everybody know about it. I'm not gonna Make fun of look. He's walking shirtless back to the bathroom. That's a burgundy shovel. That's the burgundy shovel. Like, leave me alone. Stop. You don't have to lock it. You don't.


I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, No, no. Get It's very funny. Yeah. Come on. Isn't. But wouldn't that be a Good, So I do Absolutely. Like at the end of a sitcom, the credits come up and then he goes, ah. Bergon boo. Absolutely. I think that's, That was the burgundy coming up. It was great. It was not the Burgon fault restaurant. Yeah.


It's one of my favorite myths. I had the bojo le with the Burgon. What Were you, what were you drinking? I was drinking a beautiful wine. Yeah. We some much wine. I cannot paste myself with a, with wine. It's very, I'm telling you, wine used to be like fucking badass drink. Like, that was like fentanyl back in the twenties. Undiluted wine. Wine was for like, for real like sailors and bad asses. It was considered like kind If you did in like 1910 or like even like the late 18 hundreds, If you drank wine, you were like an absolute fucking monster. I think it went like winos. Yeah. They called it When you read like bukowski's, like a I'm fucking in skid row with all the wine items. Exactly. You guys are just drinking wine. Dude. Franzi hit the block in like 1890 and dudes were like Completely franzi have made it to me.


Yeah. You fucking get a box of that shit. You. Yeah. Do You Know about the cocaine wine that the pope was on? What they would, yeah. Back when like Coca-Cola and people were mixing cocaine with their products. They were, there was a special cocaine wine and the Vatican ordered like thousands of bottles of this wine. And a pope was fuck just loving it. Must. Have you seen the Pope? Right now? He's not doing well. He Looked like shit. Yes. We might have a con At some point. Pope John Paul? No, Frankie Francis. He looked Pope Francis. Yeah. He had like bronchitis they said. So he couldn't even talk. He was just up there like He's been unwell for a while. He's not stepping down. He's his Head. His fucking neck fat is, I mean, I'm not one to judge on that category, but God damn. Yeah. He'd be you. It Goes The body. See he had a, he's like, whose Neck fat is like, like The dude from Mad Max.


He's just, It's truly impressive. Lemme see This. I think he only had one lung to begin with. He has double pneumonia. Like In Bo. He's double those lungs. We must pray for the Pope. I'm not making fun of him. But they, they did him dirty with this. Damn, he's, I didn't realize the Pope was that fucked up. He's Wasn't he Washington Post was doing him dirty on this dude. I Mean, they love this sleepy. Yeah. They don't gotta do that to 'em. Yeah. That's, That's your grandpa at the end. I mean, again, I'm not gonna say I'm not gonna rush this pope, but I, we do need a new Pope. It's time Ready for cool young American Pope. The young Pope activated me. I watched it. It's like that's what the church needs. When Did we elect Francis? Wasn't It?


Oh, like ages ago. It was like 10 years ago. He was The first guy guy to come out 10 years ago. It's a hard job. He was looking All right. He was, Yeah. He was decent. This is, he had a bit of a twinkle in his eye. Double pneumonia. Yeah. Cocaine, wine, Beef. Burgon. He got the bergon going. That would Be a cool life in like the absolute utter, like the top hierarchy of the church would be probably sick as hell. Have You seen the new Conclave movie? No. It ain't good. It's not as good as the Young Pope. That's all I could think. Yeah. But it is, they it's great until the last 10 minutes when you find out, spoiler, that the, the guy they've just elected is intersex pope with a womb.


And then, and it's like, it's written by a Church of England guy. So they're all just like very sensitive. Like, wouldn't that be interesting? What is a man? You go, this was a great drama about one of the po, one of the candidates had a secret family. He was black and homophobic and people are like, you only like him 'cause he's black and they're all having a, it's great. There's like arguments and what's the future of the church? And then just at the end there's a terrorist attack and people go, let's get the trans woman or the intersex person. It's a problematic. But Ray Fines is great and Stanley Tucci everything. Stanley Tucci seems Wonderful. He have like a serious like religious drama that ends with a trans pope. Yeah. Intersex Pope. Fuck. Oh shit. You mean, you mean like like a natural one? Like a natural drink? Yeah, like A, it's a little Mexican guy who's like, I found out that I had a uterus and I just, They're killing the Mexicans with this trans shit.


What? They got this and fucking Have they got another big trans person. There's a big Mexican trans movie. Really? Amelia? It's like the getting all the Oscars. Oh, Amelia Perez. I watched it. How was it? It's fucking terrible. It's one of the worst pieces of shit I've ever seen. It's about a Mexican trans, It's about a cartel leader that transitions nice after they quit the cartel and the way they're hiding is transitioning. Oh. But instantly the character becomes like a sympathetic character. Oh, I thought It's like, yeah, they would just beheading everyone. It's like, oh, they're trans. They're like, oh, I love Them. So they want, And it's a fucking musical with not really good singing.


It's, it Sounds great as a description if someone said, this is my cartel Trans Musical. That sounds, Yeah, that's what I want. It's played Straight. It's a cool idea. It's a cool premise. Yeah. Cartel Boss becomes Queen of the South basically. Yeah. He comes to trans And then comes back. They think the the family thing. Then he misses doubt fires the family. Nice. It truly does. He comes back to his family and he is like, it's me. What? Yeah. Damn. Which it was clearly him. I Sure you weren't watching Keeping Up with The Kardashians. No, we had that conversation. For real. We, while we were watching it, it was like, damn, this is what it must have been like. Where like a little girl is holding or he's holding a little girl as a woman now.


Yeah. And the little girl's like, I just miss my dad so much. He like, I miss the way he smelled. He was, I loved him. And the Mrs. Dfi is like, Oh. Do You ever see the Kardashians episodes where Bruce is obviously starting to transition into Caitlin? No, but they're hiding it from the audience. There's like two seasons where it's just the hair gets longer, gets smoother. He moves outta the house. They go, the marriage is fine. I'm just living in a different house across town. But then it's still, he just like long, weird hair, just demolishes. Everybody in table tennis is working through some feelings. Just beating all the other Kardashians in table tennis. It's a great weird arc where everyone's going, this is normal. Nothing's wrong.


Yeah. Nothing strange Has happened. I mean that was, I still, I, I've like forever tipped my hat to the Bruce Caitlin. It's a wild move. Yeah. Just to be like peace. Because then that forces your wife to divorce you. Yes. And you can be like, I didn't want this Many a time in a bad relationship. I thought about. 'cause you never wanna break up with someone. You want them to break up with you. That's how I always felt. Yeah. A bad. It's like, what if I could become gay? What if I genuinely was trans? Then you'd have to leave And just to sweeten the deal. You get to be a lesbian. It is sick. Bruce is a lesbian. Or excuse me. Yeah. Caitlyn is a lesbian. Caitlyn was the C for was the nastiest one. Good for you. Good for you. Caitlyn is a lesbian, which is like to break up, to get divorced and become a lesbian. Might be dunking on a lady as hard as you possibly can.


Yeah. Be like, I'm a fucking girl. And still fucking Yeah. Did Bruce go the whole, pardon me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Bless you. Thank You. Did the Jenna person remove the sex organ? Yeah. I Dunno. I don't think so. If, if they did not. You're exactly right. This is the ultimate. Yeah. It's the best move possible. You have tits, just get some fucking jug. Hold Up sex change or no. In 2017, Kaitlyn Jenner underwent a bottom surgery. Whoa. In What year? 2017. Okay. So that thing been gone for a While.


Oh, that thing's been gone well. Hey man, you now, you can fully les out now, But you Can't certainly, you definitely can't come. There's no way. If they build you a vagina, you, you can't. Dude, where would the orgasm come from? You know, Calin. Hey Caitlin, You're making me sick right now. Why prostate? Are you talking about other people's genitals? They didn't push it on you. I Don't know if you've Been to Public library, that's all it is. Back to back. You probably still get that prostate going. Yeah. And it's just probably, it's probably like a nuclear explosion. When you cut off the fucking D's and Bs, You probably puke it out. Where's it go?


You go ball Beef begging y'all. There is nothing further from coming than too much. Come that particular vomit. Yeah. That's a great question. I don't, I know. Yeah. I don't know. Do they, can they still hit the prostate on? Right? I think they somehow attach Your old penis head To your belly button So that it's kinda like a remote control. You can, Mine might fit mine. Might not break the surface. I got a deep belly button at a tiny D be perfect. Might you'd be on search. I might be able to hide it. You'd be on search. I mean, this will be my little secret. I have a little door in my shirt. She's a little joystick. What are doing? A Little, a little door. I go, Ooh, the Indian in the cupboard.


Yeah. That is, that's a an this is a Great movie. I don't know why that disappeared. I don't know why people Aren celebrating Indian in the cupboard. They never pushed. There's no like Indian in the cupboard. Oh, I guess maybe they're, yeah. 'cause the Indians, There was that one and the bird that could talk in the basement. I think it was called Pauley. Remember there was a little parrot in the basement who lived a beautiful Life. I don't remember that one. I remember the, I remember the We Indian in the cupboard. Yeah. I remember that was a, that was a pro Indian movie I think. Wasn't That, I don't remember. He wasn't just a toy. He was a battle. His land type. I don't think for sure. But I, you're probably kind of like pissed at like, you know, if you're Native American, You are like, we're in a fucking cupboard now. What the fuck. Yeah. If you don't wanna be a sports team, a kick ass sports team. You Don't, don't wanna Tiny kid's to Yeah. You don't wanna be a tiny white child's toy in a cupboard.


But He learns pace with the cowboy. Right. I think that was the point of the movie. Yeah. I don't even remember. They Probably wanted revenge. There Was a special cupboard that brought all the toys to life. But then the, the cowboy toys were like, we're getting him, we're getting that Indian. That'd be a cool movie if like in, you know, they did that movie like when Hitler won, like quote unquote, if the Indian Native Americans won, that'd be cool. That would be sick if we Lost And his all became Native Americans. Everyone his last samurai. It's a good Idea. Technically would be all the Europeans that came here just kept losing. Yeah. For 400 years. Yeah. Everyone's just like, I'm going, I'm gonna fucking get it this time. I think the Ethiopians were the one. Yeah. Nope. One of us brother.


Yeah. That happened a lot. Did the Ethiopians survived? They Kept trying to take the Ethiopians. They held on. They never did. They really, and the Siamese managed to hold on. The Thai people. I think they're the only ones who got their own monarchy and the Japanese. That's it. Yeah. Ethiopia was, they all had great music. Ethiopia held it down, held Down the battle. Even When the Wops came and knocking recently. Really? Yeah. Mu historically tried to get in there. Although they do have, Ethiopians do have a very distinct, I guess 'cause they're on like they are they only towards the tip of Africa. Oh. If there was a guy in Chicago, they, no, this is All right. This is weird. But they don't, there's like a ruling class of Ethiopia and they don't think it's biological. They can't find like a gene that does it. But If you join the ruling class of Ethiopia and they're all from all over the place, they all just start looking the same for some reason.


No one, no one can figure it out. What? It's very strange. But you can pick Ethiopian like you, I can see. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Ethiopian and Somalian are very distinct. Yeah. Yeah. Kenyan, I'm getting better at Kenyan. Nice. The tribes within Kenya. I got nothing. Yeah. Yeah. I cannot, You'll figure It out. Messai. Yeah. I used to, I used to deliver beer to a couple Ethiopian restaurants back in the day. And I remember being like, yeah, once you like get in, you're like, oh, I could, yeah, I could spot these dudes from anywhere. Yeah. Yeah. Seven 11 by our old house. Yeah. Yep. Ethiopian fellas. Great. Ethiopians. I went on a date with the owner of that seven 11 brief one date. What? Yeah.


The, no, no. The owner's Daughter. I was gonna say I met the owner, dude that was a Guy That was an Ethiopian guy. The Owner's daughter. I went on a date with the owner's daughter and I was like kind of starstruck. She's like, my dad owns a seven 11 on Lancaster. I Was like, bro, I've been to that. I walked through that seven So high store so many times. It was cool. We just like, You Are like, damn, have you ever met the black guy that opens the door? He's the man. Yeah. It was really, I always remember being like, what The fuck? Yeah. Holy Shit. That's special. Yeah. There was a seven 11 near Drexel University. That was just, it might, I think it was honestly like the highest grossing seven 11. It had to be. It was nonstop. Was there Anything special about the seven 11 or just the placement Was just location?


Yeah. Yeah. It was just right on a college Campus. I mean, the Ethiopians were Great. They were good. Ethiopians are also beautiful ladies. Yes. Yeah. Very much so. But yeah, there was the line that they all great. Some of the dudes there had a bit of attitude. Like some of the cashiers. Yeah. Some of the youngsters had a bit of an attitude. But they were getting, they were getting, The clientele seemed to have the biggest attitude. They Were getting assaulted. Yes. I ran into the clientele a lot. Yeah. True. Yeah. Amer, I will say Drunk college kids and the locals. Yeah. I've, I've witnessed it's the locals And the drunk college kids. It's everyone was disrespecting the, a Lot of Mr. Di. A lot of Mr. Disrespectful. A lot of Mr. Disrespectful. Yeah. It was very much, I remember witnessing my first ever like Black American versus like Middle Eastern, which I believe Ethiopian could be almost mistaken for Middle Eastern.


Yeah. And it's, dude, it was, it was battle Unforgiving. Yeah. Unforgiving of just trying to get a salmon cream cheese bagel and just being like, put it on there. Obama. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, Mine was a lottery ticket dispute. Oh. And I was the, they almost like looked at me as like a mediator. Both sides kept going to me. Like I was next in line and they kept going. Like, Successful lottery ticket or what was, how do you have a lottery ticket dispute? It was just taking a, I think there was a language barrier a little He wanted to buy. It was about, it wasn't even redeeming a prize. It was getting the opportunity. Yeah. I think it was redeeming tickets. I think the guy was maybe going too slow for the customers. He Wanted his money to get more scratches. He Wants his money and he wants it now.


Do you call 'em scratchies Scratch Offs? Yeah. Scratch offs. Yeah. Back on that. Huh? I lost my card. So now I have to pay with my phone. Like I have to pay ahead of time. 'cause I can't insert the card. I'm waiting. But then when I overpay and there's a little gap in the amount of gas to what I've given them, you get Some scratches. Give Me the scratches. Don't they read? How's it going? Oh. 'cause you gotta prepay. You Scratch all prepay Now. That's all I want to spend my excess money on. It's a little scratch. I try not to, I'm not overdoing. I'm not going Gimme $400 worth of Gasoline. There's the, there are the a hundred dollars scratch offs. I've seen people do those and it's like, that's bizarre. Crazy. When I was door to door sales, I would do that to get through the day. I would walk around with the, that's how I knew.


I didn't realize I was depressed selling cable television door todo until one like, what? Couple weeks later. I, I was like, I didn't used to spend $50 on scratch off cards every day. Yeah. That's new. Yeah. That's a, those, I always forget that like, I mean, a lot of people play 'em. They're big man. My old boss used to rip like several $100 scratch offs daily. It was just like, bro, put 'em down man. See your Fingers. Start getting discolored from the little Bit. You can Tell that there's a problem. There's a, there's a lot of lint following you around. A little tiny bits of plastic. I kind Of, yeah, that sounds nice. A little scratchy. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're exciting. It's A great birthday present for a child. It's, it's the one bit of gambling that you can get a child in on.


Yeah. True. And then lemme see what you get there. Lemme see that. That would be nice to get a kid a gambling gift. Be like, here's your, can I do that here? Give him a card. Yeah. We give scratch offs. Yeah. But I'm saying like, I placed a futures bet on the Anaheim Angels for you, for you 150 bucks. This thing's gonna pay out fucking crazy. If they win. It's a nice The over that'd be Yeah. Putting on like parlays for your Yeah. I I put together a nice parlay for you. Yeah. We'll see. Let's Watch. It might hit next year. We'll see. That's kinda cool. 50 bucks on it. Not bad. Yeah. And if it doesn't hit you owe me. If it doesn't hit, I'm, I'm coming back. And Do You Know, Do You Know The eurovision You owe me? There's gonna be, there's a big, Do You Know what the Eurovision song contest is?


Yeah. This is what I, I always think about gambling on it, but this is the year that I finally take it seriously. 'cause I think I can pick which song is gonna win. They let you know what all the songs are beforehand. Every country in Europe has their own song and then they compete and they vote. But I think, I think I could pick the winning song. How would you pick? I would listen to them and feel it in my heart. What was the correct Song? What show was this? Eurovision song contest. We, we should be doing that in America. We should go state by state. They Tried it once. They tried it once and we should be doing it. It was an enormous failure. I dunno why We gotta bring it back. We, well, we have, you know, We should do state by state everything. We should do a state fighting contest. That'd be cool. Yeah. Yeah. Like you have America Olympics basically. Yeah. I like America. Yeah. Why Do we stop at high school?


Well, yeah, I guess we have like the NFL. Oh, Trump was just talking about this. Really? Yeah. This is one of Trump's first day playing The America Olympics. Yeah. Like the greater Yeah. He is like, we're gonna have football. He's like every state. Yeah. Remember he was talking about like having a American fair. What? Like State of origin. He wants Fire the world fair. Like in that we're gonna have the American games. Well, it's like everyone has a football team with the, like from their state. That's great. It be awesome. We do that in Australia. Be State eagle. There's only two. No, no high school. Oh. It'd be like all star teams from each state. It'd be the sickest thing ever. Dude. Yeah. What the fuck? Just Wyoming is gonna get crashed. Rhode Island to by Rhode Island, California Level. Oh my God. Yeah. California, Texas versus Rhode Island and Connecticut. They're gonna get the ocon man out there.


That's Yeah. His world fair. I dude. A world fair now would be nice. Yeah. Yeah. We haven't, why haven't we had one? Because the Muds because the French showed you up one time. True. The mud floods. The mud mudslides. Wait, what was the mudslides? Don't even, don't, you don't even wanna Know. Do you have a, in the world's fear? No. You don't want to know about the mud floods and the history of tar. Tar. Yeah. No, we don't want to talk about tar. What's to, Oh, Is this, are this the secret society? We don't want to talk about tar. Can I covering up all these beautiful architectures with just bricks and shit? Come on, man. I don't know. They're trying to hide. And why are the windows in the ground? Wait, what's tarter have to do with the fucking, you know, world? We don't, we don't want know about. You don't want Don. I wanna ask.


I wanna ask Something. No, I don't. I just, I don't know. Did you ever read Wimbledon? The script I Gave you? Oh yeah. No, I did not. You did not. Okay. Did not. Because I was, I I don't think I've ever spoken to Matt about it. And I've not spoken about it publicly. But You lost me on the pitch. I Did lose you on the pitch when I said the coach Was fat tough. He was like, the coach is just a big, fat, ugly fucker. I didn't say that. And he's like, and I want you to play him. And I was like, oh, All right. You piece of shit. I'm heavy. He Heavy set for a tennis player. But I wanted to do, it's a story about a, an old older coach who can't play anymore. And if, if they find the, you sure you Wanna put the script out? 'cause this is big. Mm. All right. Go. You think I shouldn't describe it? Let's, Let's do, it's about, I'll just say it's about a dog who plays tennis.


We're now making a graphic moment. No, keep going. 'cause I like what happens in Japan. All right. There's a little girl who has a dog and he's a, a golden retriever and he is very good at tennis. It's Air Budd bud. Yeah. Air Budd. But this old coach is like, I wanna win a golden slam. I wanna win. I wanna take this dog to all the great grand slams and win. And that's the only thing worth doing in tennis. But the first one they have to go to is Japan. And Wimble dog runs into a PR disaster. Yeah. I want 'em to not shake a guy's hand. Everyone is very, but they're like great dishonor to not shake a man's hand. And they start throwing swords. 'cause they want the dog to commit suicide. And then the dog goes up to the opponent's bag and opens it.


And child pornography and marijuana come outta the bag. And people go, he was a bad guy. A Wimble dog was right. Not to shake his hand, but then they're only upset about the marijuana. They're like, the child pornography was good. There was some of the best chop pornography we've ever seen. We love that in Japan. But marijuana we don't tolerate at all. But I think this is a good family movie. I'm gonna, I'll send it to you again. We, I'm making it a graphic novel. And I appreciate, I asked very briefly, and you said yes, and I didn't get a commitment publicly, but I'm using your, we've started the art artwork, artwork for Wimble Dog. I've used your likeness in that graphic novel About, well, hold on a second. I didn't know it was about child. I didn't know the child born happened. You shut it down. You Should shut it down. Okay, good. You're not doing the child pornography. All right.


Yeah, You are. It's also not you. It's a character that looks exactly like you in a graphic novel that a man, a beautiful man in Tulsa is drawing at the moment. But I think, I think You should If you ever get time. Well, What happens to do with Wimbledon? I don't wanna spoil the story about how he has to fight a robot dog at the end with the American Open. Is there a role for Matt? Is the evil villain in charge of the tennis federation Who's offended that There's a dog? Compared Get A little hungry. Yeah. Yeah. So I think Wimble dog, I mean, stand up comedy. That was my love. Me do. This is my Sergeant Peppers Wimble dog. Yeah. I'm moving into the future. I really, yeah. I believe in it. So That's awesome. It doesn't have To be that fan.


Matt dabbling in graphic arts as well with the I have, I've seen the cartoons. I always inspired Garfield. The Oh yeah. True Prostitute. The secret pa prostitute Garfield Garfield Patreon project. No, I dunno about this now. Secret prostitute. Yeah. Yeah. Miss Lasagna, bro. Someone a, a secret artist sent me a, a comic strip. It's really actually really well done. And you're funny. You're the Medici family. Medici. I'm the Medici family. I was like, he's filling His coffers as you're saying. I need more art. He goes, I don't know. I don't know what to do with this. I'm like, bro, please, lemme put this on the Patreon. Everyone hates it. I can't stop putting it up there. It's about, it's about Garfield becoming a trans street walking prostitute. And then just John trying to get Garfield off the streets and out. I would've made him a John. Huh?


That would've been so easy. John would be trying to buy. No, John is John's appalled. Just sweet little kitty. Yeah. And then John falls into the underworld in effort to save Garfield. What's The dog doing? What's the dog called? He the eza. Damn. You guys are, You are overlapping a little. Oh, America's ready for a beautiful story about a dog that does something. Dude, for real dogs sports. Dog Spin is like a big genre. Dog sports. And then it went away. This was, I was they Hollywood complains that no one's gonna see movies and then they're making weird trans Mexican cartel musicals. Make a movie about a dog that wins its sport and people will flock back to the cinema. People were People were mu Yeah. Air Budd had, what'd they have?


Three Air Budds. It was Football, soccer. That meant more direct. Probably a couple basketball ones. Yeah. Yeah. Air Budd went to Space. I didn't know that Space Bud. I knew, I knew he went to Space Movie. Val. Yeah. Damn. You know what? Beethoven was a great dog. Who saved the family? Lassie was a great dog. Homeward Bound is a great dog movie. Yeah. I mean I watched that a bunch of times with, with my kids recently. Shadow Chance is, Yeah. Hold on. What's the, The cat's name? Yeah. Chance. Shadow. There's 14 there, but Movies. Missy 14, Missy Pissy. Holy Missy. It's Missy. Is it? I'm pretty sure. Yeah. I loved the fuck outta that movie got me every time. It got me, every time. I know the shadow fell. I didn't see it coming every Single time.


Do you ever see my dog Skip It. Frankie Ez. He's got a beautiful dog. And when it seems like didn't see the dog die, it's really dog dying in a movie's. The only time I really cry. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good move though. All the animals in home were bound died. Yeah. Like they, they killed a bunch of animals making that movie. Are you sure you're not thinking of Milo Otis? Oh Yeah. My be Milo Otis. They were just, yeah. Cause They lived, they survive in the end. That Was the, that was the, I see. Milo, Japanese, Milo, Otis used to be my go-to Most. They killed a bunch of dogs to make Palo. Well, it was pugs. It was a PA puppy pug. And a kitten. Ah, you'd have to, they Were to, and at one point they fight a bear. And apparently they were just tossing those things. There was no need to do that. For real. Real. Yeah. They filmed it for real.


And they finally got it. 'cause I think, I think the bear finally got full from pugs That God Be true. And then they kept throwing them. Is That true? Yeah. Oh, well, they, they definitely in Homeward Bound threw a cat into a river. They also do that in Did they really? In Milo, Otis. And they lost a couple cats in the river, used to Be able to kill animals in movies. Now they've always got a thing saying, no animals were harmed. I was watching an old Russian movie and a horse really falls down the stairs. What? That was a hard watch. And then I watched the Apocalypse Now, apocalypse Now is nuts. They just have a fucking a cow at the end. They cut a cow. Yeah. And They just like hack and like, I watched, I mean, if Wasn't even afterwards. That's kind of It was, it was to eat. It was, he filmed like a real actual ritual.


Yeah. Like, like a, Yeah. Francis Ford cobbler's wife was like, I just saw some villagers hacking a cow apart. Do you wanna put that in the movie? And he went, alright. Obviously it needs something in the third act to really give it. She Was directed Milo OTI directed by Maori Hatta. Oh no. And Kawa. I didn't know it was that Japanese movie. It is. I didn't know that either. I've heard what's his name? Louis talked about this. It was very funny. Yeah. Louis Gomez was, did he, the first person I heard break this story. Yeah. Yeah. They, they were tossing some dogs and They'd have to get a new replacement pug every time. Yes. Pugs luckily look pretty similar.


Have you seen their skulls? Yeah. I can't stop thinking about it. What's Up with their skulls? It's, yeah, It's Performed. Yeah. Oh really? Yeah. It's the ugliest, weirdest. We did that to them. I know. Well, Chinese emperors did that to them to have just a fun Little thing that must have been so tight when you finally like turned a wolf into a tiny little thing. You've Dumb. Whoa. What the fuck? And when they sneeze, their eyes fall out sometimes. Really? Bugs Are great. That Was another movie I did. I wanted someone All right. Like Greyhound racing. Does it have to be a Greyhound? Maybe there's a guy who thinks his pug has it in him, you know? But then at the end, the dog sneezes and its eyes fall out. That could be a fun And a Japanese businessman throws it at a bear.


Having a movie, a heartwarming story about a pug that ends in its eyes falling out from sneezing would be pretty great. And then be like, we're just raising awareness to pug deformity. But then like, what do you do? Just wipe out the pugs. Just breed it with a slightly longer faced Animal. Yeah. Start breeding. Yeah. Start breeding the nose back into the pug, the Pug Nose Restoration Project Society. And you're just making a pugs six with great days. That'd be nice. Time P had a pug and it makes me laugh. That is Fucking, he had a long, it was huge. He showed me a picture of it. It was like a fucking 10 foot long pug. It was laying, he was laying flat on the porch with its arms and legs out. What the fuck? This is the biggest pug I've ever seen. He was like, oh, that's Bini Marie. His pug saying Was Bini Marie, Was it a wiener dog mixed with a pug?


No, it was just straight pug. It was just a big one. What? And I just love that it had a w name Bini Marie. Think of it. Pope with a pug. Buffery. Maries, come here. Bini. Buffery. Maries so funny. I never really thought about being a dog in an Italian household. Probably gonna hit No, he's probably, He's, I think about it every day I wake up and I think if I was a dog at an Italian household with all the pasta that they, you know, the problem with that pug, that Nonno was there. It look so skiing. Let's give her the dog. It's gotta be like dramatic. It's gotta be like the Roman Empire. You're just at the top. You're being treated like a fucking absolute God. Yeah. True. Next thing you know, you're just, they're rising up all against you. You're Angry. Sweat out.


You're eating delicious cuisines. Sitting on like a nice silk pillow. It's better than Irish dog. Irish Dogs. You had some worse, Bro. You had some guys hitting dogs. Dude, our dogs got beat. I thought you could hit dogs until like maybe six years Ago. We've discussed it. I've witnessed Phil, Phil punched. He fucking punched dogs. He punched 'em in the head. The dog was being bad. He was, he hit Riggins. He popped Riggins. That was recently. Did He get his shoulder into it or is it just a Little like a jab to the top of the dog's head? You Know, that frowned on The fuck was that? Yeah. He is frowned upon. Dude. It was so normal, man. I would see, I saw dogs getting beat. Like I would, there was one, there was one house popped it in the fucking head.


I would go to one house where it, if the dog was seen in the kitchen, it would be viciously kicked as hard as possible. Every day. Every I saw it was just a daily occurrence. Dog would be in the kitchen. It was like this orange, shitty mutt. It was like a fat, it looked like a lab mixed with like a, like a dingo. It is a shitty standard yellow 55 pound fat mutt. And if it was spied in the kitchen, it would try to like go under the little countertop and Be good for him though. Let's just keep going back. Right. True. He's, oh, you guys can't hurt me. Right Home from work and just being like, I gotta get hard as possible To not learn the lesson is a beautiful thing.


Yeah. That shows that they're not being too abusive. 'cause the dog's still got hope. Yeah. I think this dog was just dumb. I think it would just be like, it just beating, get cold and be like, I'm gonna go lay in the sun and would just like lay in the sun for four hours and then wake up to just a giant man and be like, God damnit. Yeah. If it was spotted in the kitchen, it it, it could, it was supposed to stay in the mudroom, which is a cold tile floor. And we, when I, when I was little, we had an outside dog. We had a dog that like, did not really come inside that much ever. And it would just, if it was off the leash, it would hop the fence and bite people. I mean, it was so Bad. The craziest one is when you see a house where they have the big cages out front with the dog in the cage.


I had a, I had an outside cage dog as an adult for a while. That's a scary house. I brought it in. It was only when we were working, it would sit in like a cage in the backyard and just howl. Some people have Filling, installed a giant chain link fence in our basement. And we'd put Shaq in there and he would fucking break out. He would rip through the fence. He'll chew out. Yeah. Yep. It was great. Yeah. We had, there was a, when I had the Akita and then there was like, its brother, my ex-wife's like pa mom and stepdad. Got it. And then when we, like, when we separated houses to like when they, their, their, like, mom and stepdad lived with us for a while, but for a little bit. We lived with them. I guess it was a mom's house, but they took their dog and they built like a dog jail in their basement and it totally like, Rated and just rip it out.


Yeah. Shred it. Dude, you turn the lights out and leave it down there. They freak. It's gonna go nuts. Well, they won't do it. They're like, there's dogs that are like, I'll, I'll die. Dude. Andrew's dog. Zeus. RIP Zeus. But dude, it would literally, it jumped outta the second story one time. Like, just because he didn't have windows in his house When he said it would stand on the, out on this, it would like stand on the roof. Yes. So he didn't, he was a three story house. Bud didn't have windows in his house for a long time. So he had a window. He was living in a windowless house in West Philly. And his dog would get out on the third floor, go up on, it was like a parapet. It was like a roof. Like it was like the window. And then there's like a strip of roof like this wide and it would pace back and forth.


It's huge. A big fucking, it was like a And it fell or it jumped outta the, it, the second story, it jumped outta the second story. But it, it would just patrol. So it'd sit, it was in like, dude, it was in the fucking hood. And he had this giant like massive white pit bull that would stand on his third floor. Like a gargoyle. Yeah. It was fucking nuts. It Was actually good. And It would just wait for him every Day. That's good security though, Dude. It for real was Yeah. I mean I would get like superstitious if I saw that. Yeah. Was walking by and I actually, I've seen him. He would just pace and then just sit like this on the top. The third floor. That's The devil. It was literally omen. That is an actual demon. I know. That's nice.


This show is brought to you by better help. Hmm. What are some of your relationship green flags? What do you like Tits? What gets you going green flag. Tits are good. Green flag. We often hear about red flags We should avoid bud. What if we focus more on looking for the green flags in our friends and Party? I focus almost entirely on the green flags. True. The text. Because my wife waving me down me like I'm right here. The runways right here. Yep. And say, yo, get That thing ready for me. Ignore all the red flags because You are giant fucking green flags. If you're not sure what they look like. Therapy can help you identify green flags. Mm. Actively practice. Don't need no help there. Actively practice them. Sorry. Better help. You can kick rock because I can see DS roll a mile away. Act actively practice seminar relationships and embody that green flag energy. Ooh. You ready for this? Yourself. You tits. You are the green flag. You have been the green flag the whole Fucking time. So wait. Better help suggesting that I squeeze my own tits while I jack off. Yeah. All right. That's exactly it. Whether you're dating, married, building your friendship or squeezing your tits while jerking off. Allegedly. Or just working on yourself. Starting form. Relationships that love you back. Dude, they're, They're helping us. I do gotta love myself back. Probably fucking Better. Okay. Broader. Gimme the broader benefits of you, you personally, of therapy. How about learning positive coping skills? That'd be nice. How to set boundaries. Mm. Or maybe disempowers you to be the best version of yourself. It isn't all about people who experience major trauma, et cetera. Better help us fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Mm. That's 10 million. Tits Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credential therapists with a wide range of specialties. Guys, easily switch therapists. Anytime. 30,000 credential therapists. 60,000 tips Guys, here's a call to action. Discover your relationship. Green flags with better help. Visit better help.com/mssp to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HEL p.com/mssp. Whatcha are you waiting for God Help? Good. Keep coming back Dude.


Let's be real. 2020 five's been all about change. Whether it's work, personal stuff, or just the daily grind. It can be hard to keep up. But here's the deal. When things get hectic, we don't have to go through it alone. Embrace the power of nature and elevate your everyday life. When fuck That, fuck this shit. Embrace it with via trust by over a half a million happy customers. Via as a Swiss Army knife of wellness. Dedicated the harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create a high quality wellness products. Or rather dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of he to create high quality wellness products. Whether you're looking to improve your sleep focus recovery, add a little pep your step or just get high via has something for you with products ranging from zero to 100 milligrams of THC. I'll tell You what Matt, I was goofing off and making fun of vy. They've won me over. Yeah. You think that right back the honesty? Just maybe you just wanted to get high. Yeah. Let's just get Fucking high as shit. Via gives you the power to blaze your own trail. Dude. How like that We're being funny and I'm back. I mean that was a real time reaction. Oh Yeah. Avaya's well renowned for their award-winning THC and THC. Free gummies. THCA flour, soothing topicals and calming drops. Mm. All crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted, independently owned American Farms. And the best part, Viga via Legally ships to nearly all states in the US in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry free guarantee. No medical card required. Mm. So if you're 21 plus ha, check out our link to vias website link and our description and use code MSSP for 15% off. AND if you're new to via, get a free gift of your choice. It's crazy. Matt, you went from, I smoked down on you Went from selling weed. True. Now you're, now you're big time, bro. True. Just fucking you're Top g You made it Moving The keys on my cell phone. Phone dude. Like Rick Ross. I, I've vi I actually have smoked vs. Weed. I do like it. Nice. And I like how you can just get it right to your door. 'cause it's THCA hemp Dude. It's not weed. Yeah. If you're 21 per, if you're 21 plus, check out the link to AYA in our description. Use the code MSSP to receive 15% off. And if you're new to via, get a free gift of your choice after you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them that we sent you again. Check out the link to AYA in our description. Use the code MSSP to receive 15% off. Enhance you every day with Via.


And I will say it is a good gift to bring if you're about to hang out with a lady, If you had been chatting her online for a while, of all, I mean, 21 plus obviously answer every day with the body. But yeah. RIP Zeus, he was the best. He would be in the basement. He would just like chew fucking pipes in the basement. He was so funny. And if once he got older and the sun would go down, he would go, remember I brought him to her old house and Yeah. I brought him, I watched him for One time. Blue was my favorite. Blue was crazy. Blue ribbon, the Woodman's food right out his hand was the craziest thing I've ever seen. We were just, I know we talked about it a bunch of times earlier here, but Whose dog was that? Was that Toms Tom?


That Dog. RIP as well. Dog. He stole That dog fucking food outta A dog was awesome. He was so, yeah, he literally just walked, like say we're sitting here. Yeah. Our friend Chris Wood was sitting down eating like a tortilla. He just, he would get a bowl of meat and put it in a tortilla and just sit there and march it. Yeah. A dog slowly walked up to him and just went, He took The entire fucking thing outta his hand and then just walked away. Like, it wasn't like it fucking grabbed it, it literally just slowly walked up to him. I've never seen anything like it. It reminds me of O'Connor. We were just in Seattle or Yeah, O'Connor when we were in Vancouver. Once he got so fucked up and the next day he's like hung over and I forget what he got.


He might've got like a donut and he, the seagulls are fucking huge out there. But O'Connor was standing there and a bird just took it. I Had a chip, I had a fry once where that happened. But I just think about O'Connor being like, Great. Yeah. Is anyone gonna do anything about these fucking birds? I had the exact same thing happen to me. They were, it really stayed with me as a terrible memory of a bird. I, I was holding a french fry and a bird just took it as a seagull. Came and took it outta my hand. Damn. I remember I talked about it on stage that night and I got nothing. But it was a lot to me. It's the funniest. It was very hard to explain. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds pretty intense. Serious and upsetting. Dude. How'd you handle it? What'd you do?


I was so, it was kind of beautiful, but I was scared. Scared. I was upset. Did the beak get anywhere even near your fingers or was it like it Was just gone? I just saw the bird and then I didn't feel it touch my hand. It was just out. It was not a lot of, I don't leave a lot of time between Quick. I'm Pretty close bucket to mouth type of operator. I'll never forget when my cousin hit a seagull in the chest with a whiffle ball bat. Dude. We were like, we were, we were throwing food to get him. We we in a creature storm, just having him storm the fucking contest. Death creatures. The creature storm was so funny. Creatures. So fun dude. And we were just throwing up bread and there was just so many seagulls getting closer and closer. My cousin just came up with a whiffle ball bat, went swamp right in the chest and dude, it fucking dropped dead.


It was on. We came out to investigate it. Huge wings, long as hell. Just a dead seagull in the front. And like a family walked by and they were like, oh yeah. It's sad. I, I saw a homeless guy punch a pigeon once. The pigeons were just running around On the ground. That's Classic battle. That is battle. Battle. They've been battling for Centuries. But he was up here. The pigeon wasn't doing anything to him and he bent, he was just walking along calmly and he bent all the way down and just fucking got a pigeon and kept walking. I mean we've all had that thought that guy's just So I couldn't believe the pigeon didn't move or anything, but it sensed his, they Get, dude, those things are crazy how there's the ducks around where we live. Dude, you can walk, you can grab them by the next Yeah. They don't get upset. It this bird talk. Yeah, It Is us. We had a, no. You know what's funny?


The time we went to see Scorpion King? Yeah. Me and my buddy had a creature storm at the beach. Did you really? Yeah. We did it with a bag of Doritos. Dude, How sick is it? It was great. It's the fucking best. Yeah. What are the odds? I hadn't had creatures storm before. If you ever went to the beach and just threw like a loaf of bread and just let it get crazy with birds, We would do, yeah. But when we would have like fish and chips on the beach and there would be, they'd come around like, you know, you're a kid and you and your dad goes stop. No bringing 'em Over. Okay. Imagine your dad's not there and it's just you and your boys just got boys with as much bread as possible taken from the beach house and You are ruining everyone's day. Everyone. Yeah. I mean, as an adult I'll try to wait till like 4:35 PM which it's like not as crowded, but dude, it's, and they're very upset.


But you can get like, dude, you can get for real like 500 people And then you, you can run, you can hold a, yeah that is a bag of chips and run and they're, the storm will fall You. It's awesome. They at your, now you control the storm. You can Control. Running Through a big pile of birds at the beach is one of my greatest happiness. What happened when you, there's like a big gathering of birds and you just run straight out And they've Got I like watching the little guys that run with the tide. That's fun. Yeah. True. I just like to observe those guys. It's fun watching kids chase seagull. That's like an easy way to get kids tired. Like go get the seagulls and they'll just like relentless, like a fucking dog. Just chase seagulls And you get to watch 'em for long enough and you see who's the king seagull and then you see the one sad seagull with like half a foot and his beak doesn't work and he's, yeah, he's trying to get the, none of his buddy seagulls are looking after him helping him get it.


They're just taking his Food away. Is it single? Do they have like a pecking order like chickens have? Definitely. Yeah. I would say chi, the chicken pecking order all disabled is brutal. Dude, it's Crazy. My cousin had, my brother and my cousin had chickens and I didn't realize like if there's another rooster, the rooster will peck literally take your like rooster crown off and be like, you're a fucking hen. You are getting nan pussy around here. I'm getting all the pussy. They like, they basically, what's, What's that called when they kill each other? Doesn't like a, I swear to like there's something happens where they just, the whole coop will just kill itself. Really? Yeah. But they'll just have a mass suicide in the coop. Yeah. They just start killing each other guys. What? Get on that. What Happens? Yeah. Check that out. I'm actually curious about that. Have you ever heard of the old Irish myth of the two cats who fought until only their tails are left?


No. No. I just get sick meth. I just came across that. That's good. It's old kill. What? What is the message there? It's just mutual destruction. Yeah. They fought and fought and fought until only their tails were left. Like what's the point of the fight after that? They've paid no attention to that. That has had no impact on the development of the Irish people. Speaking of Ocon, man got me that painting. There's, and that's a nice Irish brigade at Antietam. Turns out the guy looks exactly like Tony Hinchcliffe and, No, I was gonna say he looks like He kind of got ruined for me. The who's the, you guys were like, he looks like Tony. You got a painting of Tony. It was like, no, it is fucking cool. Who's the defense against the dark arts teacher in the second Harry Potter movie?


Me? No. You know the Gilda Roy Lockhart the lady? No, the little, he looks like the Shakespearean actor. Oh. Do You Know who I'm talking about? Not Little Fi. Is it Little Finger from Game of Thrones? No, but he also looks like little finger from Game of Thrones. He does not look especially Irish. He's Irish though. Yeah. Captain Clooney. Yeah, I think he died right there. Did he really? Yeah. At anti him. I could be. That Would be kind of a sick way to go. If you rally up a bunch of troops then just get blown. The Blown off the Irish to go. They came to America to learn how to fight so they could bring it back. What to England? Yeah. That's kind of sick. And he was apparently a monster That's pretty tight read about him. They like, he was the best soldier ever. Really? He was just fearless and then, you know, got the best of him when he was like, I'll stand right in front of everyone.


Yeah. And he got shot like 20 times. Oh No. He was a horse, so he was like, I don't care. Come on boys. Eh, you can see it. There he is. Got some wounds. Wasn't there like He's falling. He's literally falling down while that Picture's taken. Yeah. He's fucking pussies. Wasn't there a story of like fucking kill me? Vietnam wasn't there like a war hero who had like a fantastic they built, made a movie on it where he like, he had this crazy charge where he killed like 60 people himself and he went home for a while and he finally went back to war thinking like, I got this down. Just died. No, that was, that was World War ii. That was Balon. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. He got a rust up. Does he really? Yeah, in Jersey. That's Awesome. Do You Know about Ned Kelly?


Yeah. Ned Kelly's a great bush ranger hero where he, the cops were after him and he was like a sheep thief and he built a suit of armor out of iron. It's hilarious. It's like a cool hat that he built and the chest. And he just like stood and shot at the cops and they were shooting at him. He was shot something like a hundred times in the Dick and Legs. Yeah, it was the movie. Pretty Good. Watched the movie Mick Jagger. Yeah. No, it's movie. A movie. A movie. No, there's a movie with Mick Jagger as Nick. Ned Kelly as well. I didn't, they made a bunch of We Again. Yeah. We love that story. And they go, you'll never take me alive. Copper. And then he Such his life, he had cool quotes. Yeah. Damn, he, where did he have the armor? It Was one with Russell Crow. He made out of a, a trash can I think or something. I didn't know Russell Crow was in.


Everyone's gonna Yeah. He asked you to garage them. He did. We have, we have one of those. We have the Killdozer Killdozer. I Heard about the Killdozer. It is the same thing. Yeah. He was like, you guys are gonna take my land. And then he went into warehouse and spent three years building a Killing machine. Slow. Did you ever make A movie about the Killdozer? No. I've only seen a documentary. I Guess you can glorify acts of domestic terrorism. Yeah. I don't think the Killdozer is in your passport as something to celebrate. Fucking they took A nerve. That'd be a good sports team. What Killdozer? Yeah. Give it 50 years and people will be ready. Yeah. Ready to forgive and forget. It does take time. They had to bring in like a sniper, like a 50 caliber sniper to try to get some bullets in there. It's pretty great. Did He kill people?


No, he was just driving through all his enemies houses. It was fucking incredible. That's not If you get no fatalities and maximum. I Think he got no fatalities. That's crazy. Yeah, I Mean it, it was a bulldozer so it was going slow as fuck, but no one could stop it. So he like would go through someone's house and then be like, All right, I'm headed down to the fucking town hall. They, no, no. Just had to be like that fucking asshole. What's the, I think Oklahoma City bombing. They managed, they injured a couple People. No, no. Hold on. What am I thinking of? There was one where they, They killed a bunch of kids. Oh that's bad on There Was daycare there? This one? Yeah. It's not one, It's eight. No. An at t building In Nashville. Tennessee. Nashville. Yeah. That, that was recently.


And but He like, he did it on Christmas Day, An rv and he, he playing So that I'm gonna, he was like, Everybody get out. I'm blowing up the at t building. I don't wanna hurt anyone. I just wanna make at and t unhappy. What Was his beef of at T? I think it was N S A. Oh he thought. Yeah, it was So I thought he was just on the phone for too long. True. What? It's such, it looks like Saron and Spud was like, if I had to look at that building every day I would probably Want to blow it. Yeah. If I was a little schizophrenic and they're like, there's a very scary looking. It's a terrify tower there. It was a scary building. It's So scary. Yeah, it's like windowless. So it was justified. Yeah. Yeah. Well the architecture is terrible. Well people had to pretend that the World Trade Center, It was like how The new building instead of the World Trade Center used little Fountainhead reference.


Which one? What did you say? Nothing. I don't know why I'm remembering. Did you read the Fountain head? Suddenly? I'm remembering books. I dunno what's happening. I it easy on the drinking. All of a sudden I'm like, oh, I don't remember books. I love the fountain. Fountain fucking Rules. The ending of the fountain head is the most insane close of a book. Ah, Yeah. It's one of the best. She's A great architect. He does a rape and that is a pro. Like the lady thinks it's hot. So that's a weird part of it. But moving past that, he's a great architect and he lowers himself to design public housing. He's like, I'll build the best public housing if I'm gonna design public housing, it's gonna be the best public housing. And they make it ugly. So he destroys all of the homes for poor people and then he gives a beautiful speech about I had to do it. Ugliness has no place and the jury let him off 'cause the speech is so good.


And then the book's over. What? But it's a book about the importance of destroying public housing. The project. Yeah. You've gotta ruin the projects. It's crazy. It's such a great book. That's crazy. I did not get that out of it. Really? Yeah. S a funny synopsis. It's it's also about like relentlessly pursuing your goals and being the man clearly. Yeah. And all the mediocrity Trying to tear you Down. Oh, Zin Rand. Yeah, EIN Rand wrote that. Yeah. Yeah. It was Her first shit rock. Big, big hit. I like it more than Atlas shrugged. I really liked that. La Shrugged. I was a big Ayn Rand teenager. I know. I didn't really, I was like never Fuck Rand. I'm a great man of history and everyone Get outta Committ yourself. It's When I rand a girl. Fucking yeah. Yeah. Okay. I thought so. Also like old Russian lady. Yeah. She had communism.


I find her very sexually exciting. She's great interviews and all of her interviews I think she said, I've never really taken a look at young Ein Rand Young. Ein Rand is okay looking. There's a great interview. You Prefer, you prefer her Older. She's like, I do not want a woman to ever be president. That would be wrong. Yo bro. I know it doesn't come across as much in the picture. Doesn't Come across in the picture. But she has an energy like Ger. I'm telling you. She has an energy. Steve Gervin is, That's not the best picture of Vine. We all have bad pictures of Us out there. I rand is fucking busted bro. I Rand is ugly as shit. She's very sexy woman. I think Atlas shrugged. Dude. Look. Look at some videos of V Rand and see the way she moves, Bro.


Bro, I'm telling you, she's one of the ugliest women I've ever seen. You are far right dude. If you about everybody Wanted her I, her bride's looking All right. Then I went, oh, okay. I'm saying there are better. I Haven't found one picture. It's not about the look. Her mug's crazy dude. And yet despite that, she's very sexy. She looks like she spent at least a couple years underground. She may have, I dunno what half she went under in Russia, but it was Like physically. But they don't like her 'cause she's Yeah, she was against communism. Yeah. Yeah. She had a little dollar lapel. She's like the free market. What So powerful. Damn. I mean dude, that's That'd be crazy. Living in like a depressed communist country.


Just smashing a ayin Rand. Yeah. It's all you get. It's kind of nice. Like two loaves of bread a month. A couple vodkas potatoes. True. A couple irony. Rands kicking around, dig them up out of the dirt. You get this digging iron out. You go, this is damn fuck. T tear up. You go, oh nevermind. Just Iron Rand nine. It's food for thought. Just When did you have your Iron Rand? I didn't have you picked as a Hillary Clinton's our, That's kinda all I ever read was like classic classics. You know, It feels wrong to waste time. Ah, alright. I was reading about Roman Polanski this week. I got in a big Roman Polanski Wikipedia wormhole. Allegedly a pedophile. Allegedly.


Well actually openly, allegedly. Allegedly. He gave interview In 1985 where he was like, I fuck young girls. Everybody wants to do that. He was like very open about it. Yeah. He he definitely says he does. Anyway, the French culture minister stood by him. This is getting back to literature in a second. The French culture minister at the time was like, we must not deport this man. He's a great artist. We stand by that. Then people read the French culture Minister of the Times autobiography and there's this big session where he was going to Thailand. He is like, I was at the boy brothels and these sweet boys, you can pay them. And it was the most erotic feeling. His defense was that he wrote half novel, half autobiography. And it wasn't all true. But like, imagine being a politician and coming out with your biography and there's a big section about how you love boy prostitutes in Southeast Asia.


And they But that was just Literary. I just put that, Put that in for a literary flourish. Yeah. That was just him being like, And I thought like Norm's book is like That. I just putting it out there. You know, I just, That's Crazy. People a little something crazy in the, But also he doesn't say which bits are made up. It just says you can't trust all of this. Maybe that bit about me being a pervert in Asia is True Norm's book. I I got tricked by it. I read it way too long before I realized it was a joke When he's committing prison rape Way too long. Like what? I was on like chapter three. So you Got through him a lot Like his uncle? Like everything. Yeah. You thought the bit where he was on SNL because he was giving l Michaels morphine. Was it legitimate? It took it. No, but I mean I was like, I was, yeah.


It took, I was ashamed at how long it took. That's So funny. Yeah. I I read the first chapter without knowing and I was just kinda like, maybe he did bring him drugs. I don't know. Yeah. I I I was That's such a great opening. I call this a recurring character. Yeah. That was Awesome. Thought of Adam eGate in there. It's great. There's Adam eGate was the only person I got really starstruck by in America. Yeah. And he finds it very, it's cool now. I think it's normal. Yeah. But every time I see him I go, it's jerking off punks under a bridge for $15 a apart. Yeah. It's the GaN I, yeah. He's the man. He Does rule. Damn. I didn't know that guy wrote in his autobiography. Like, and then it just detailed explanation. It's very, he's like, he talks about the incredible erotic feeling of being able to pick your boy.


It's like he's a member of the French government. It does have a kind of one of those weird like sell pick your boy. It's like cell door. It's like one of those Poetic expressions. Yeah. It's Being able to pick your boy. It's just the perfect It's Phonetically. Yeah. It's like, it sounds kind of Brave. Fuck you. Laer la Me's like, I don't, I don't fuck with this. Shut up with me dude. You play video Games with the girl characters. You should be on Megan's Law. Dude Four. Real playing with that is like number one. Like no Pedophile. Playing, playing with girl characters. No dude. It's better. Do you think that's why you gotta look at the character? Why not look at a hot lady? They're always hot lady's. I think that's maybe why the trans thing happened. 'cause it's the first generation that grew up playing girl characters and seeing themself as a girl all, all the time. And then they, it's just a thought.


You don't think so. You don't. It's what's going on. It's all about never play the girl. Never. It's all about looking at the as. Dude, you're Living in a woman's body. You're inhabiting, you're powering, inhabiting a woman's body. I believe you Nate. You are very, very horny. Thank You. I think you like playing as a girl. What? No. You just, we were just playing UFC. You wanted to pick fucking female fighters. It was the only way I could win. He did not win A little Jawana man. Then I think Infinite Justice is a Joke. Hmm. What the Book? It's a Great book. No, but I think the whole book is a joke. Yeah. Yeah. What do you mean? Like it's a joke by the Arthur author on the people reading it.


No, I think he wrote it out of Love. Yeah. No, I don't. Did you read Infinite Gist? No. It's too long. Oh, I was shocked too. I was like, Structurally it's a joke. I think 'cause it's that long and then all the action of the book takes place. Like outside of the book. Like you have to, there's so much time for him to describe the important things in the book and he still doesn't do it. Yeah. But I, no, I love that. That's Why I think it's a joke. And then everyone just tries to figure out what it means and it's like, no, it's just a joke. It's Not that, it's not that it's not as like, complicated is that he, he said, I watched an interview. He wanted people to do the work. He wanted to make something very hard. You had to like work for and study for. There's a real Point to it because he thought technology was becoming so addictive. It would One day grow or entertainment was like growing with technology to become so addictive.


And one day just ensnare us completely and we'd all lose ourselves. Kind Made a hard book. Yeah. Yeah. With like a thousand foot Note. But it's still fun. Like it's very, it's, I laughed a lot that Didn't digest. That's, and then there's a great interview where he goes, once they have virtual reality pornography, I have to commit suicide immediately. He killed himself And then he did that Of his word. I Think it was for That. Hung himself. Yeah. I never read it. I I, it's good. The first I think it bothered me. What The book? Yeah. The first like million pages are pretty Yeah. Tough. And then once you get into it, it's just all, Once they get to the tennis academy Yeah. You gotta read it on a Kindle. 'cause there are a million footnotes. I don't even know what it's about. It's about like a guy. So they, they made an entertainment cartridge that If you watch it once you're fucked and you never take your eyes off it and your body will just like, you'll just let your body get be completely destroyed.


Yeah. And it was made by Xbox pretty much. Yeah. Yes. It's hell, it's hell let loose. Yeah. And it was made, you know, I can know Chipotle. It was I guy whose son was in a tennis academy, if I remember correctly. Yeah. But the dad, after making it, it was like a failed filmmaker. But that one took off. But it was like a government weapon that like Canada's fighting. There's a great scene where he comes home to his dad committing his dad puts his head in a microwave and Cuts out a hole And explodes his head. Yeah. And the boy's like, the worst party is I walked in the house and my first thought was, it smells really good in here. It's a really funny, it's also about Quebec separatists. It's about Crippled. Is This a Canadian author? Yeah. No, but he, like, part of the joke is that all of North America has become one country, but Quebec still wants to secede.


But only, they only let crippled people become assassins. And you can tell when they're coming. Will you hear the squeak? It's a really funny book. It is funny. It's also about a drug addict who decides not to have painkillers when he's very seriously hurt. It's such a be I Sorry, I cried Cry. Did this cry your book at all? I mean, obviously just reading it, I was like, this shit rules. Yeah. But I, I can never, it Strikes me. Yeah. Right now, Finnegan's Wake has inspiring me big time. But I can't understand any of it. I just read it and go. So I just read the footnotes and go, oh wow. That's what that means. That's so fucking cool. I mean, I forget, I'm so envious that you have that amazing, like, if i's, if read a footnote, I'm like, I'm done with, I can't s like, I don't, I gotta read this sentence four times.


I still can't understand it. Once I see the asterisk, I go, oh boy, here's coming. I'm going to that here's coming. I'm that, I'm going right to the footnote. I love footnotes. Well, infinite Jess is like, he'll do footnotes on the footnote. You gotta have three bookmarks going while you read It. But If you have a Kindle, you can just tap the the link and it takes you to It. You Kindle was nice for words. That's how I did it. Words I didn't know and Words. Dude, I wouldn't have gotten through that. That's nice. Without a Kindle. I couldn't have read Infinite Jest. Have you read The Sun Also Rises? Yeah. In high school. I just finished It. I love it. I just was waiting for his dick to start working the whole time brother. And it never did. We've Talked about this the first I read the entire book. Yeah. And somehow missed in the beginning that his dick didn't work. Well then there's nothing, I was fury at the end when they're in the car and they're like, oh, we could have been something.


I love you so much. You're just like, why not? Fuck. What Happened? You dumb ass. Yeah. You got his dick injured. We read that For high school. Dick gets injured In the war. Yeah. Yeah. I missed that part. Dan. This is what I, Dick, Dick, he's recounting when he re like when his dick first got injured, I think I said this recently, but it's like he's in a hospital bed, but it's, it's all Italian guys making fun of him for his dick being, which is the nastiest, like of all the hospitals, you could be in an Italian hospital and all these guys going, your dick a done of work kill us. Hell, that's the worst thing that could ever happen to a man. I just read the other one. Farewell to Arms. Is It good? Yeah. That's the one that the guy throws out of a window in Silver Linings playbook. Yeah. So I didn't wanna read That. No, it's great. All right. Especially the be the first, the beginning when it's about before he gets hurt.


It's great. The war scenes. It's awesome. He's such a good writer. Yeah. He's probably my favorite. We didn't high school and had to do like a blue book, like essay examination. I remember just being like so fucking stunned. I remember there was like a question on it. It was like, why? Why doesn't he just bring it up on the date? Or like tell the lady or or something like that. Yeah. I remember in the essay distinctly remember writing like, it would be hard to be like, hi, my name's Jake and my dick doesn't work. Yeah. And the teacher literally underlined. It was like hilarious. Really? Yeah. That's a good teacher. Fuck. I mean, you were Right. Shout out Mr. Quinn. Dude. He was the guy who told us all to learn how to fake cry. He's like, it'll serve you so well in relationships. He's like, if I get back on long, did this man last in the school system cry?


He's like, I fake cry. My wife just caves every time. Holy shit, Dude. I mean, that's terrible advice. That was good. That's insane. I love, it's awesome going on high school English teacher an all boys school and the teacher would be like, All right, enough of that lesson. Women suck. You guys are about to find out. You gotta learn how to fucking cry because I've Picked my own T fucking ruin Your life. Picked my own Syllabus to teach your boys about women. I'm gonna start with Hemingway. He knows how to treat a lady. He does We'll. Tag him up A little True. Whole fucking end with a touch me cunt. Yeah. I I went to Hemingway's house too. It's pretty sick. Ah. And when I was in Spain, I went on a nice Hemingway bar crawl.


Have you been to the Yeah. The bull fighting. I didn't go to the bull fighting. It's made bull fighting seem so Appealing. Yeah. I don't think I would Like it. I think I would get bored immediately after they killed the first bull. I would go This fault thing. Yeah. Yeah. It makes it as through the whole book. I'm waiting for him to get an erection and the bull fights come out. We go, surely he's getting hard at the bull fight and then he doesn't. No. And he goes for a swim and he doesn't get an erection there. It's such a good story though. What If you dick didn't work? Yeah. Yeah. Like free and he just has to watch the love of his life. Just keep, Fuck other men. Fuck a fucking the bullfighter he is. Yeah. And then, alright, The best bit in the bull, the hot matador comes in The young hot matador. And the guy, like, he loves bull fighting. And the guy who owns the hotel loves bull. They're the only two who really understand bull fighting.


They go, this man is special. We gotta keep him away from blue women and hard drink. And then the woman he loves has sex with the bullfighter and the guy in charge of the hotel looks at him like, you're fucking impotent. No, you couldn't even, you couldn't even stop your degenerate friend from ruining the one beautiful boy Brett. Brett. Isn't that her name? She Was so erotically charged throughout the, there was, oh man, I, there was one bit like, it's all obliquely written and it's straightened. Like we had Hemingway stuff. We went there on the next day. It was a good day. And we went over there and it was very hot. We had Wine and we went fishing. Yeah. But the One sentence that I love is like, he's at a party that he hates with like this woman he loves. And the man she's fucking, and like the man goes off to get champagne and he's so angry with this guy going to get champagne.


He's gotta be this woman he can't have sex with. And then the guy comes back and fine, will open the champagne and then it goes, it was sensational champagne. And I folded that over. I was like, I don't know why that, that's not a good sentence on its own. But within the book. What about about a reboot of that story movie, but then he just gets into pegging. That would be, he Just gets pegged. That'd be great. That'd be sick. So I don't Understand how they can turn it into a movie. Nothing would happen. It would just be a man fishing and watching a bull fight and looking at a lady, sadly. Yeah. If you knew his dick didn't work, it'd be, you'd be, it'd be gripping. You'd be like, fuck Yeah. It'd be great If you had to change the title So that everyone just like you call the movie his, the man whose dick didn't work.


What? I didn't know. I mean, I didn't know it was his dick when I read it in high school. I, I just imagined he had, you know, like when Michael Jackson had like his nose redone? Yeah. I thought he just had like a clo Was it like a cloth over it? Like it was missing? Or was it just not functional? I don't Know. I don't think it ever really described It Wast it was missing. I thought like he didn't have a dick. I think He's, they don't go into detail, but he doesn't have, They don't go into detail. But there were scars as to, I think he lays, I think he lays down with a lady at one point. There's a prostitute who tries to get him to employ her. And he goes, I won't be able to part take of that. She goes, You are sick. And he goes, yes. She goes, I'm sick too. He's like, she had gonorrhea and he missed out due to his broken penis. It's a great, I didn't think I'd enjoy the broken penis book.


Damn. That's great. I loved it. All the technology exists. You can get that pump in your ball. Yeah. Just There was an episode. You have that pizza. Yeah. Yeah. But you have to activate I think the trans piece. Yeah. Under the ack. You have to choose. Yeah. Would be so nice to get to choose when you had an erection. I Think it's just, I don't know, maybe just underneath your sack is a little, I think, I think it might be underneath the sack. That's what the, building it into the s A little squeezy. Building it into the sack would be tick. Just, you could just literally pump your sack. Yeah. But yeah, pretty sick. Pump up penis would be nice. Yeah. I'm chased right now for the time being. I'm chased for five days. But anyway, no food. No sex. No coming. Yeah. No coming. Well, no food. Let's take this.


Come talk into the Patreon. True. Let's, yeah. We we're in an hour already. Yeah. Let's, I, I got this. Let's, If you wanna hear about some come talk. Yeah, dude, Patreon. We, I, I have some good topics actually. All right. Nice. See you there.