
Hell yeah, dude. Rolling. Hold on. I gotta show off the hat. Yeah. Flip that thing around. This Took, this took like a good hour, hour of work here. Damn. Where'd you, you stopped at the Bass Pro? Not, yeah. Oh, you got the ass pro. Damn. You scratched off the beat. You did it a clean job too. Oh Yeah. Well, I, I didn't do it. My sister did, but it took like an hour. Your sister hooked you up? Yeah. Was it her idea or did you be like, did you like, hey? No, it was My idea, obviously. Yeah. I bought, I bought like five of these two in case I fucked up so I can keep trying. But I just, I asked my sister to do it and she got it on her first try. Really? Yeah. Clean man, Man, keep bumping this table. Sorry. Oh, you're Good bro.


Damn. That's fucking sick. Yeah, man. I had a vision and she executed it. I know, I know people have done these before, but I just, I finally have mine, you know? Yeah, Exactly. This is like my greatest possession now. That's your logo. The ass pro shop. That's so nice. That's what I'm gonna call my strip club when I own One. You wanna own a strip club? Yeah. I think that'd be cool. I just wouldn't run it. Yeah, just own it. Yeah. I just enjoy It every time. I've seen a guy who runs a strip club, it's like he has muscles. Yeah. And he's usually like Eastern European. Yeah. Yeah. I used to deliver beer to a strip club when I was younger and it was like, it's pretty rugged, man. They got the money counters going. It looks cool. Yeah, they got the money counters, but they do look pretty beaten down.


And that's 'cause dude, imagine that's your workforce. Yeah. You gotta keep, you know, you gotta manage some pretty wild women. I, I don't know. I think maybe I could do it though. I'd probably just have to start doing a lot of cocaine. Ah, Yeah. I would You. are you worried that you might kinda like simp out to all the strippers working for you? Nah, I would cimp I would You think? Yeah. Yeah. Dude, if I had like 12 strippers I had to maintain, I would simp I, If I had 12, I'd simp to maybe two. Yeah, That's, but then the other one would get, the other ones would get jealous. The rest I would, I would treat so badly. Yeah. You Working, I'd be such a pimp. Yeah. It's always been a dream of mine to just be like a horrible person, like a horrible pimp, you know? Yeah, true.


I watch like movies where they, or they, what was that show? Did you ever watch that show with, by The way, Ralph Osa. Thanks for doing the podcast, bro. Oh, I'm terrible at introduce people. Nah, no problem. Yeah, Man. Let's talk about pimping though. Yeah, Yeah. What's that? What's that show with James Franco and, what was it? The Deuce Mag? Yeah. Yeah. That was good. Yeah. And, they showed the pimps outside talking, bro, that, that show made pimping look so cool. Every show makes it look so cool, But why is it such a frowned upon? Or I guess because they treat women so badly. Yeah. Like real bad. Did you ever read Ice? Iceberg Slim? I almost called 'em Ice Eat. Did you ever read Ice Iceberg Slims autobiography? I bought the book and then I read like within the first chapter, I think the first chapter made me cry.


Yeah. Dude, it's so sad. Yeah, it's so sad. And I couldn't read on anymore. You gotta, you gotta get cold man. Strengthen up that pimping though. I feel like that's it. Like, you know, depending on where your state of mind is, that Iceberg Slim book could be like somebody's 48 laws of power. Exactly. Yeah. It can really get you. Although dude, I don't know if anyone is built for that. If you gotta find like a girl down on her luck and then you gotta convince her to go fuck eyes for you for money. Pe People don't get mad if you pimp men. No. Like, if you think about a good leadership that's just being a good pimp. True It is working your, your men, you know? And making them productive to get in their head to make 'em the most productive. Yeah.


Nobody talks about the pimps of male prostitutes. Are there pimps are like, are male prostitutes just cowboys? Or like, are they arranged by like a strong domineering man who like slaps them? This is some somebody who goes and slaps the old lady who doesn't wanna pay. Yeah. Well, male prostitutes pretty much only have sex with men. What? Male prostitutes have sex with men. Yeah. Dude, that's like 95% of what they do. I don't how Do, You Know That I thought I, 'cause I thought about becoming a, a male prostitute when I was in college, actually put out an ad on Craigslist being like, Yo, I'm open for business. My friend told me He was like, dude, male prostitutes. Okay, well if you're going off like Craigslist data, dude, I'm, I'm telling you, I think the real data is, it's like prostitutes men and women, prostitutes like 99 or women prostitutes 99.9 if not a hundred percent of the time.


Service men and male prostitutes also overwhelmingly service men. I gay men Obviously. I guess that makes sense. I mean, women get to choose most of the time who they wanna bang, you know? Exactly. So they're not calling. I mean, I think maybe like, there's that whole idea. There's like gigolos that have sex and it's, I think it's like so rare because I thought I'd be out there just like banging fucking horny rich mills and it was just, I got no, I got literally got no, You got no response. Not even response for men. Not even for men. That's gotta hurt, bro. It did Hurt dude. It did. Not even the men. Damn. But dude, they're, we took my, in college, I took my roommate's number and I used like a prank do on people. I would put them on like Craigslist personals and just kind of like, like give them their number. And. they get like weird phone calls.


And I put my roommate's number up with this like story about how He was like a young gay college man. He was like looking for an older, more experienced man. 'cause like these younger men didn't know like Really His, I like hit publish his phone rang off the hook for like real like 12 hours. Damn bro. Good for him. What does he do now? He's an accountant. He's An accountant. He went for that, Bro. He was pissed. He found out what I did to him. And. He was like, don't ever do that ever again. Even as a straight dude. I think knowing I could have had that much business as a Bro, it didn't. And I built a nice narrative though. I was like, I'm a young man looking for an older gay man who knows what he wants. And. he was, dude, it Was just Nonstop, Bro. That dude could have killed it. And you, you could have just pimped him.


That's what I'm saying. Make some money. I should, We should had, I should have had more of a business mind about it, man. 'cause I could have put him out there and made a lot of money on him. I think that like, and this is sound, I, what do you call it? This, this is very dude, dude ish. Yeah. Maybe it's like misogynistic. But whoever started strip clubs, like man, like I got like hats off to that guy. Yeah. Because this guy saw women, or who knows, I don't know history that well. Could have been a male strip club, the first one. Right. But this guy saw the Greeks. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you Greeks. This guy saw somebody and was like, oh man, that like, that's hot. Look how she moves.


Right. And, he noticed that other guys also like that and he's just like, people would pay money for this. Yeah. Like let's put this in a building. Yeah. 'cause it was brothels and Yeah, some guy was like, Yo, hold on. No, no, no. Don't fuck these guys. Like, well, you kind of can if they, you know, if we can figure out something. But it was like, yeah, just have them dance. It's a good Idea. Make more money off the temptation. Yeah. And then, all right, so then you're a strip club owner, right? I wonder when the first strip club happened or like what? I'd be curious too, I don't 18 hundreds. I'm guessing. I, I think so. Some Sort of version of it. It was brothels. I feel like they're probably kind of modern. It went from brothels to strip clubs I think. Although people always had dancing girls. So I don't know. Like when's the first one who kind of like industrialized the dancing Girls Yo 1947.


All right, so 1947. Right? And then let's say pretty Recent Through from 47 to like 48, 49 fifties people, you know, you got your successful strip clubs here and there, right. And you're a business mgo. You're just this titan in the strip club industry and you're looking for the next best thing, the next best stripper. And outta nowhere you see a woman twerk. Yeah. Whoa. That's gotta be like seeing the first AlleyOOP. True, True. And it's big, big, holy fuck. I didn't think about that guy. Sees a woman twerk. Do you think, like, you think strip clubs were like in America, they were like mostly like, like almost like the sports were like very white and then like black ladies and other ladies like hit the strip clubs and everyone's like, What the Fuck.


Yeah. I think that was, I think probably when black ladies hit strip clubs, that was when like black dudes hit the NBA and nfl. Yeah. I think it was the same time. And everyone's just like, What the Fuck. All The white women were like, fuck, she's taking all our fucking tips. Like, I can't even do that thing that she's doing and they're just humping the ground trying to twerk. Yeah. Man, that must've been kind of crazy. I can't imagine what it would've been like a strip club in 1940 would've been 1947. 1950 would've been crazy. I think. I think it was crazy to think of like, how, like how did, how did twerking even start? And I know, I know somebody's gonna hear this and be like, this is such a dude conversation. But like I said, maybe a man first twerked True. You know? True. Maybe it was a man they were trying to tame at first and, and you know, draft to their strip club.


But like, how do you even think of that? How do you first Yeah, it's actually, I, I would imagine Black Lady started it and it's like, 'cause I feel like they did it back in like the juvenile videos in like, in like the ear, like the early two thousands. I Mean, they were definitely the ones with the goods, you know? Yeah, true. Everybody's gonna start twerking. White ladies just figured out kind of how to do it. And I've watched like, like old movies. Like you're seen Roadhouse. Yeah, I have. Yeah. And you remember that girl who like, she's like the girlfriend of, what's his name? The Bad Guy? I don't remember his name. Yeah, I remember Patrick Swayze is a good guy. It was one of those movies I saw too, where I kind of was like in and out of it. But I Definitely watched it. The young, the young blonde chick. She's like the hot chick of the whole movie. And she's like dancing all sexy. She doesn't twerk once.


Not at all. That was the sexiest of dancing at those times. I imagine. It was. It was, yeah. It was, it was like a skinny white lady with a flat butt kind of just like sliding up and down Paul. There was no, like, there's no acrobatics to it. Yeah. And then I, I don't know, I don't know if it was just like the nineties or somewhere. Like, like would you say with juvenile? Right. Early two thousands. Late nineties Black ladies just changed the game. They Really did take over. And I'm just glad that like, well I don't know. I haven't done too much research on it, but I'm just glad that nobody's ever tried to stop other races from twerking because you know, It is, It is very touchy these days. Cultural appropriation. Yeah. Stealing culture vulture and whatnot. But that one right there, It is like, That's a gift.


Yeah. That's a gift to humanity. Yeah. You can't, you can't guard that. Yeah, I agree. And yeah, It is like, I, I feel like, I don't know, I feel like black ladies kind of like, if anyone like tries to twerk, even like a white lady, they'll kind of like encourage her. Yeah. Or what I've seen, they'll like, I mean they might laugh and, you know, kind of tease a little bit, but just a little hazing. Yeah. So They're very, they yeah, they, they, they'll give up the goods. They'll teach you how to do it, bro. If you wanna learn, they will teach you. I don't wanna Learn, but I to it onto, you know, we're talking about like business entrepreneurs and stuff. I might be able to start like the first school of torquing or there. I'm sure there has to be one by now already. Yeah, you can start it up. You can run it, you know, but Yeah, can have one. There's probably not many of them.


No. Yeah, there's like pole classes. If you started like a straight up twerking class. Yeah. It's go to like a nice gentrified neighborhood. Yeah. You would get it. You'd have, you might have to like soften the blow by being like, we're a pole dancing place, but we have a twerking class within that. I'd be like, there's no men here. It's like contact looks boxing. You ever see there's boxing classes where they Train? Oh yeah. We were just kind Of, yeah, but they never fight. Yeah. So it was like, there's no penises around just come toque in shape, you know, just so we don't get canceled. We'll have to probably take on a few men as clients. But You would, they would hit, there's always like two guys and like a, I don't mind watching two, three guys shake their asses as long as it comes with like, the business of all these other women shaking their asses.


That's What I'm saying. Yeah. It'd be good for you kind of having like two guys there. I'd imagine they'd be gay guys too, so that'd Be good. Maybe. Probably. Yeah, most definitely. I could see the ad for it now. Like the commercial, it's just like, like a successful stripper, like a bunch of money down her waistline and she's just twerking. She's like, thanks Ralph, Barbosa School Twerking. Oh, you're going like more technical school? Yeah. Oh, I like That. And then the guy she's dancing on is also like, and thanks for me too, Ralph. Like Yeah. If You are gonna go the vocational route, do you, what do you think about, I don't know the legality of this, but doing like, kind of like a, in school, like taking it to the high schools. That way they get like the best shot. Nah, nah, nah. To become A professional.


No, I'm saying for like, the economic advantage. You See, bro, that's the beginning of our, of my downfall of my business. I start thinking I'm just fucking weirdo who wants to get high school girl? Like, Hey, how about you put on this cheerleading outfit? Why would you do it? Like I'm talking about? No, I would look, I didn't wanna do that, but I'm saying if you're saying going vocational, like they have like, you know, you can learn to be a, you know, like a hairdresser. Like take these vocation, these like true vocations. Nah, you must be at least 21. You could Keep the safety gloves on. You could be like fully clothed. You know, like kind of doing like Pilates, just getting 'em ready, just building them Up. I don't wanna do this business no more. You've you've ruined my American dream. I I didn't say You should, I was saying, what if I wouldn't?


That'd be crazy. Just Wanna own a you Imagine rental property Now you Imagine. Could you imagine the weird illegalities and gray areas you'd get into, bro? Yeah. Nevermind. I'm, I'm glad you poked a hole in this dream. This No, You no, you can still do it. You just gotta stay outta the schools college. You can get like an elective in college. That'd be cool. No, I'm done. I'm done. I'm just gonna go to a strip club. I, Just Enjoy that. There is something Very nice about just giving a beautiful woman money. Just being like, here, I want you to have this. Yeah. You're beautiful and you're naked. And I think You should have, I, I work hard for this and I I really want you to have it. It's easy to give money to people when they're naked. Yeah. Even homeless people.


You a naked, a naked homeless guy approach you. You're just like, bro, take it. Fucking kick out. Fucking fuck off. Please. I saw a lady walking down the street. I don't think she was homeless, but there was like, this Indian lady just had her tits out. Damn. Just walking down the street, smiling. Just kind of like, I think she was making like a statement. There's a big like woman's liberation movement where they should be able to show their tits in public. That's a liberation movement. Yeah. 'cause it's like, dude, think about how unfair that is. Dude, we can take our shirts off in public. We can. Yeah. I don't think we can, dude. Yes you can. Well, like, like Anywhere To like, to a certain degree. I'm pretty sure if I walk into CVS they're gonna be like, whoa, fuck you doing bro. They will. But If you can walk down the street, yeah, you can work a construction job. You can be a roofer and have your shirt off all day. A woman can never take your shirt off outside.


You can't take your shirt off during a construction job. Yes you can. No you cannot. Dude. Do, You, Know. How many guys work shirtless at Construction? When was the last time you worked construction bro, I Grew up working construction. I did it my whole life. This isn't like A-Y-M-C-A video. Like What the hell? You dudes do it. There's roofers that are just, I think now there's a lot of safety in construction now, but back in the day, there were dudes in like the early nineties and eighties who didn't wear a shirt every day. Look bro, I maybe you grew up in this shirtless America of men, But It's, I'm Telling you, I'm telling you right now, it's dying out. And It is, It is dying out. It is dying out. And women might as well not even fight for it either. Why? And And, they we're not even gonna, like, you ever go a long time without seeing boobs and then you see boobs, you're gonna lose that excitement because there's gonna be everywhere.


That's true. I'll tell you what's gonna happen. That's true. Women's liberation. They're gonna liberate a whole bunch of male, what do you call it? You can't get hard. Yeah. Ed, Ed erectile dysfunction. That's how that, that's to me, women's liberation just equals erectile dysfunction. I think you're so right dude. And as Republican as that sounds, I just want people to know, I I haven't voted, so don't Yeah, don't start thinking. But nah, come on. I know what you're saying. This, this is goes beyond politics. If you're seeing titties all day, every day does fucking, and also the bra like protects them. Yeah. It keep, it fights gravity for a while. Imagine all the mosquitoes and bug bites you're gonna have on your boobs. It's gonna be rough. You are seen, You Are seen. Dude stabilizing to see a lady with her, just her tits out in public.


I was, I was like, What. the Fuck. It was crazy. If you imagine that Times's 40, it's like my day's out. You're living in a, like a different world now. But I'm not. At the same time, I'm not like totally, totally against it. There should be like an assignment from birth. Like there's a certain percentage of all men and a certain percentage of all women should be assigned to be shirtless in life. Nah, I like this. And If they want, if they want shirts, they gotta like petition for it, file paperwork and stuff, you know. And or or if people who are, who do our shirts in the world, And, they wanna become skins. They also gotta do the paperwork. True And. they can go back and forth. Yeah. Damn. I'd be sick if you had a skins family.


There Should be just random rules like that on us. I, I would like that Just random. Like, and then, you know, there'd be like movements for it. They'd be like, I don't wanna be a skin ever again. Skin anymore. There's People, they'd be like, we should all be skins like skin, skin America. Like Yeah, true. That would be shirts and skins would be a great move. I used to always love when I played basketball and I'd get caught like my half of the team. Like, you guys are skins. I'd be like, yes. Hell yeah. I love that shit. I, yeah, wearing a penny. I'd be like, come on man. That shit sucked. Did you play basketball growing up? Yeah, we used to play, we used to play a lot at, at a, at a school? At a, at elementary school near my house. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We, there's like a lot of older dudes, like, like when we were in, when we were maybe like 10, 12, there's a lot of teenagers that would come from the apartments down the street though and just kind of like, take over.


Yeah. Sucked. Yeah, sucked. But I got pretty good sucked, so I got to like stay. But my friends, they sucked. They Had to go. Yeah. I mean, we were all Mexican, me and my friends and so, I mean, there wasn't much skill there anyway. Yeah. Yeah. But I was probably the most skilled of Mexicans. I don't know if that makes me the least Mexican of them because I was the only one good at basketball. Yeah. You don't see a lot, you don't see a lot of Mexican basketball players now they're Think about it, you don't. Yeah. But I got to stay. I was never that good as soccer though. Really? Yeah. Yeah. And that, yeah. Well you, yeah, you were playing basketball. Totally different than, but I had a very, What do you call it? Like headfirst mentality. So like, if I did go play soccer, I wasn't afraid to kind of just dive for shit. Just run in there. You Had a head first. Yeah.


It's literally head first mentality. Literally head first. Yeah. Damn. And so you were just like, just jumping in. You didn't give a fuck. Yeah. You should have played football, Bro. Anytime the soccer ball came to me, I just kicked the shit out of it. That was like, That's a good move. Yeah. Yeah. Did you play defense or offense or like just ripped? I don't Know, man. Went at it. Yeah. You guys just playing. Yeah. That's a good move just to kick the ball as hard as you can. Yeah. I tried to sign up for football once, but man, my coach, I mean, he was right, but I was in the seventh grade and at the end of the, the, the school year, they let you sign up for, for eighth grade football. And my PE coach was like, hell no. Like this guy, guy. He didn't let you do it? Yeah, because I was like, like kind of a troublesome kid in his class. Yeah. Yeah. I was just, I would never dress out for pe Like when they make, they made us wear like shorts and shirts and stuff.


I would like sometimes change where I'd wear like You wouldn't get changed. Yeah. I just like we, because we'd be dumb. We'd wear like the shorts, but then not the shirts. We'd still wear like our school polo. Yeah. Yeah. Or, or sometimes we'd just take off like the polo just wear a white tee and like, all right, we changed, but we just wanted hurry up and start playing whatever we, somebody one time just gave me like a lot of dice. I don't remember how I got it. It was like a box of dice. Yeah. Like all wrapped in little plastic baggie, like they sell 'em or something. And so I started bringing 'em to school and one of the kids taught us how to shoot dice. Like, and yeah, the coach caught us with those a couple times. And, he was just like, man, like What. the Fuck is y'all's problem.


Yeah. What the Fuck. Are you guys doing? Yeah. I mean, not taking off the shirt would drive me crazy if I was doing a gym class and you put on the shorts. I'm like, bro, why won't you put your fucking shirt on? What is this? That dude, we just like being trolls. It is fun. I was very bad in school, especially health classes. I used to the teacher I had, I had older brothers and my older brother's like, dude, that guy's a fucking bitch. Fuck that guy. So I went in like, I'm gonna fuck this guy shit up. Yeah. Yeah. And I did, I I would fuck with him. We, I went to an all boys Catholic high school, so we would like be in the, this is how this is fucked up. We'd be in the locker room. I'm noticing that there's like a heavy man pattern in your life. Oh yeah. Heavy man. Smell, prostitution, shirtless male. I was, it's just me, dude. It's so, I'm so masked.


It's crazy. I'm so masculine. Catholic male school, all Boys. Do, You. Know. How fucked up It is to like separate a young boy from women for like four years basically. That's horrible. It's weird, dude. I was What Did you do to deserve that? You know? I don't know. And then did you have sisters? Yeah, I did. I had two little sisters. And then how many brothers? I have two older brothers and one little brother. Okay. Male dominated siblings. Yeah. My Dad's one of 10. Mostly men as well. Did You, did you in in health class, did they ever give you guys the baby to take care of? No. No, bro. No. I went to an all boys school. That's, That's very realistic. Then they're like, that's a fucking woman's job. Like why would we give you guys that? No, we never had that dude. But we had our gym teacher who was also the health teacher, would come when we were getting changed and he'd be like, he would like, you guys gotta get naked and hit the shower.


And I'd always be like, I'm not getting naked and get in the fucking shower. I'll just be sweaty. Yeah, it was pretty intense. It was really intense. Yeah, it was really intense. But what he would do when the prayer would come on, everyone would have to stop what they were doing. So when the prayer came on, I would just pull my pants down a little bit and just show my ass. So I'd keep My ass out for the prayer. And. he, every time he'd be, I'd be like, dude, you told me to stop. I was getting naked to hit the shower. He would get so mad. Wait, how often would you guys pray It would like, come on? I think at the beginning of every period, like some different, like prayer would come on. You have to stop for it. And. they would do like a, It's gotta be weird if it comes on while everybody's in the showers. Yeah. That would be nuts. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know much about Catholic school though. It Was just ki it was like, it was, they stopped hitting kids.


Like when I was in like first grade. That's where, that's where they fucked up. Yeah. They should should've kept it up. Did they hit you in kindergarten? I got smacked by a principal once and then I had a, actually I had a priest in high school who hit my head into a chalkboard. What? But I had said something about his knee. He, he was kind of like fucking around actually, it turned out he actually had some pretty heavy charges against him later on for kid stuff. But Just beating him kids or No, for loving them too much isn't Yeah. Loving them. Damn. It was kind of he and a hate, love relationship with the kids. But bro, that's good. But he had a, he had a niece and I remember his niece was like our age. And I kept saying, I was like bringing his niece to the pro. I didn't know the lady, but I was like, I'm gonna bring your niece to the prom and give her ecstasy. I didn't, I didn't even know what ecstasy was, bro. That, But I Like say I like said it to the priest.


This sounds like a good time. He crab my head. It was awesome dude. All boys school was fun. Shit. Imagine the girls. I'm like taking the niece to the prom. I know. On the, on the XI Know, but Yeah, I wanna teach your niece how to twerk. Yeah, True. Fucking, What Is that? He literally grabbed my head and went bonk into the chalkboard. And I was like, all right. All right. My bad. Damn. Deserve that. Yeah. I'll teach you some respect, bro. It, it did. That's, I grew up getting hit. That's why it was like, no, it was, you know. Where is This at? This was outside of Philadelphia. Oh, shit. So this was in, actually I went to school in Wilmington, Delaware. Oh, okay, okay, Okay. But you guys were holding down the front. No shirts. You guys, who's you guys? Me, Me. Your school. I'm saying your school, your, the thing you did, your teacher was not, not put On the shirt. I mean, we had shirts. We just didn't have like the, the shirt You wouldn't put on the shirt.


That's what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. I'm just saying, I'm just, I'm just trying to bring the conversation back To you. I don't like you picturing me shirtless as a kid, man. Like, I'm not Picturing you shirtless as a kid. You Got issues, bro. No, I'm saying you guys wouldn't wear the gym shirt sometimes. I'm picturing you in a polo buttoned up to the top. Your hair combed over You are like an, an like an angel. Yeah. I'm just like in a little polo. And then just some shorts. What else were you bad at? Like what else did you do that, what was like the, what was like the worst thing you did as a kid? One time I broke into a house. Did you Really? Yeah. What'd you do? So It is like me and a couple kids that I went to middle school with. We skipped school one day and we just, we broke into a, the a dude's house that my friend said he knew supposedly it was his buddy.


I was like, bro, I don't wanna hang out with you anymore after the day. Like, He's broken into his friend. Did you take anything? Nah, supposedly that guy had like, weed in there. And I guess in my mind I was like, oh, we'll take the weed and Yeah. And then we'll be rich. I don't know how much weed went for. Yeah, I was like 12 or 13. I was just like, a lot, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna be like, what's that? We're gonna be like that movie Blow. Yep. I just kept imagining that. And we looked around in there, but I started feeling really weird being in there. Yeah. And then they called me to the kitchen. They're like, Yo, Yo, come over here. And I went, I went over there and like, we weren't, I didn't grow up like poor or nothing, but I just for some reason I had never seen Nutella before and none of my friends had either.


Yeah. And so they, they were like, look at, look at this. Like, try it. And so we discovered Nutella we're just like, oh shit. Like this is Good. Yeah. That's huge. Yeah. And so we just sat there eating like Nutella with like their bread or like their Nutella snack packs, like, and we heard somebody getting home. How'd you get in first of all, before you, I don't want to. I, I actually found a way in through the back. Oh, nice. Yeah. My friend was like, most of the time front door's just opened, like in some of these houses. This guy had a, he is, he had a mo, you know. And I was like, well, I'll try the back. 'cause I, I used to get locked out of my house a lot. So I figured out little ways and I was like, this window reminds me of my window, you know?


Yep. But yeah, I just So they pulled up on you? Yeah, I heard people getting there and I always, this is like dumb. I, 'cause I always thought like this was like an act of bravery. Like I deserve some sort of medal. But then at, at the end of the day, it's like I was just the bravest criminal that day. But when we're in the kitchen eating the Nutella and I, and I heard somebody approaching the door, I ran to the front door to like lock it and my friend Clock them out of their house. Yeah. And 'cause they had a deadbolt. Yeah. Yeah. And my friends ran to the back door. Like, it just was a, like, we just froze, looked at each other and then everybody ran. There was like three or four friends that ran out the back.


So I ran and I locked the door and then I ran out the back and I closed the back door. So hard that it didn't even like close. Yeah, it Just bounced. Yeah. It was like a, yeah, because it was like a sliding door, so it just like slid and then boom, like slid back open and I just ran for my life and I was just so scared. Yeah, dude. Yeah. That's the day I realized like, bro, I'm a little bitch. Like I'm not cut out for all this. They came home and just saw their bread just crushed in the Nutella out. They're probably like What, the Fuck man. So we went to my buddy's house who lived not too far from there. And we'd take little peaks where we'd walk down to that street just to see if like there was cops. Yeah. Yeah. But they never called the cops. I think whoever there was just like fucking, the raccoons Got for real. I be an animal.


Got into my house, into nut. I had kids burglarize me one time where I was like, living in this house in West Philly. It is a bad neighborhood. And I didn't have like a back door on the house. There was just this like, I don't know if you how to describe it. Like, you know, in stores when they have like a, it's like a gate, but it's like, it's just like metal slats against each other. Like crisscrossed. Yeah. Yeah. It's supposed to be like outside of a door. It was just that. So like, I had that thing and I had a chain around it, kind of keeping it tight. But the, there was like, if you were little enough, you can get in. And I had kids, they like stole my change, broke into my house, stole all, I had so much fucking change. And, they stole my change. And I was like, all right, fair enough. Out of all the things, that's what they got.


Exactly. I, I have like a gun in my house too, so I'm glad they didn't get that. They're like, those little kids remind me of like Robert De Niro and Heat or, or they like they knew what they were going after. They did just the bonds. They Did dude. They wanted the change to get the candy. Yeah. It Was like they knew our response time. 2 0 2 11. They had our response. 10 Clock. Yeah. I remember being like, no adult could have fit through that little. And I was like, motherfuckers those kids Bro. You gotta, you gotta get a BB gun. Shoot the kids. Yeah. I've thought about paintball gun. Paintball gun would be nice. Oh yeah. I knew there was a guy I knew who had like, He was like an HVAC guy, And. he had this like big yard in this area outside Philadelphia called Chester. And it's like a really, It is like a really fucked up area. And he, so if you have a yard in Chester, it's like you'd have like scrap metal and shit.


So people would break in, take your scrap metal. So he'd started a Friday tradition where he would sit on the roof and just drink beer with a paintball gun and just let the sun, as soon as the sun would set, people would start coming over the fence. And, he would just fucking light him up from the roof. It is pretty fun. Hell yeah. And within his right, it was within his right. But people would think they were really getting shot and be like, oh, Because They hurt man, they fucking hurt. Nah, they do. The first time I ever went paintballing, I got shot right in my left nut. Oh really? Yeah. I think it was, There's like one kid from every group who gets shot in the nuts. Yeah. I'm sorry to hear that Happen. It might've been my right one. I. just remember it was like, I took my pants off and you just see like a dead circle right on the nut.


That was the first time I and the dude cheated. 'cause at that place they were like, I was the only kid there though. It was like a bunch of adults and like my uncles and stuff. And, they told us that if you're within like 10 feet or so, just yell, surrender and whoever yells at first, it's like they got the shot. Yep. And I remember like my mask is all foggy. I'm like sweating. You're kissing shit. Yeah. And I'm like trying to shoot this guy. I see him running from, from right to left. And, he keeps going. I'm like, fuck man. And then I see another guy, I'm trying to shoot this guy and then I'm like, wait, what happened to the first guy? And I'm like, oh, he's behind me. I bet. And I turn around and then he's right there and just close as hell. Just shoots me. Oh man. Oh, I went down. I just felt like throwing up. Oh, he probably felt bad. Hell no.


He just kept going. Really? Yeah. Damn. War as hell, Man. Not, not to pull a race card, but you know how you white guys are when you get fucking guns and tactical and shit. This guy Had Had full camo, bro. I did paintball and I, I totally disobeyed the mercy rule. I would hop a log there, be a guy right there and I'd be like, pop, pop, pop. After that, bro, I turned into a little monster. I was like, fuck the mercy rule. Like I started doing, That's how I played originally. That's fuck the mercy role I started. It's so exciting to shoot somebody with that gun. So if I get in within range, I'm not gonna be like, oh, okay, I'm fucking unloading. Nah bro, I started playing so dirty. Like, did you really? When when there'd be refs in there, you shoot the ref. Nah, I would, I would hide behind him. Sometimes I just run up like near him and just like, That's your human shooter.


Yeah. When you get hit, dude it like it, it fucking hurts man. It hurts enough to be like, all right, there is some consequence to this game. Hell yeah, because I've got like popped over the mask but in the fucking head. And that hurts. Dude. You got, you gotta have pain in life though. Like you do every now and then You, do you ever go just months without any type of pain? Not even stuffing your toe? Yes. I, you start to get depressed. Dude, It, this literally just happened to me. I had it so easy for like three and a half months and then I literally got depressed. Yeah. I just got out of it like two days ago. And then somebody punches you in the face one day and you're like, I'm Alive. Yeah dude, I'm feeling stuff. You Gotta, yeah, you gotta go paintballing or you gotta do something. There used to be a place, I Did a water slide. I took an edible and hit some water slides and that. Like I scrape my, you ever when a water slide and you try to slow it down like a bitch and then you're like elbow your elbow scrapes.


Nah, I'm, I'm a pretty little dude. I've never even had trouble slowing down. I just, I never went that fast in the first place. Really? Yeah dude, I was rip. I was hitting 'em and just kind of like, 'cause I haven't rode a water slide since I was a kid so I was like, dude, I'm gonna champ these. And I was like, for real scared. You Ever see that video? This was, this is always gonna be one of my proudest moments. I didn't do anything. I was just there. But during Burke Chrysler's fully loaded tour last year in 2023, we, we had a water slide and somebody got a bag of ice, ice water and dumped it on Mark Norman And. he started like yelling and spinning and then, and then somebody else, I forgot who threw it, it might have been Bert threw a, a little ner football we had and hit him right in the nuts right after.


Oh that was hilarious. I bet. Yeah. I bet you he was so You are proud of that too. That's your proud I. Proudest I. just I Just like, just watching that getting To See it. Yeah. Like that's a guy who's not gonna be depressed for a while. You Know? True ice water and hitting the nuts will definitely wake you up back To back. That was hilarious dude. I fell. When's the last time you fell, Bro? Not, not that long ago. But It is, it was a very uncomfortable fall. Yeah dude. I think what Happened? What if I would've fell on my ass? I would've been like, oh it hurt. But then I'd been like, that was funny. But I was walking upstairs and I did one of those Face forward. Yeah. Hit my knee into the stair fall. I'm just like, that's such a, like a grown man fall, like middle aged man fall like fuck God dammit.


Like motherfucker I just wanted to blame a kid. Like I fell, I fell recently going to the bathroom at night and like It is like pitch black and I forgot I was, I had to travel so I had like my suitcase out, tripped over my suitcase. I'm naked and I just fell like down. Like you were saying on your belly, not on your back. I fell belly down and just laid like all my suitcases. Did you have a shirt on? I was naked, I was sleep Naked. Oh shit. Did you sleep naked? Yeah. Yeah. I sleep naked. I was, The deeper we go on this podcast bro, the deeper we go into your You don't sleep naked? Nah bro. Why? I Don't know why someone Breaks in. You get to Mad dog 'em naked and it's fucking, I Guess that's a good defense mechanism. Yeah. What do you do? You do you like classic PJs?


Nah, I don't do that either. Like, what do you mean? What's classic PJs do with the little hat? With the little, I can't believe people were using that at one point. It's Cra Well if you didn't wear the hat you'd probably die. You'd get like a catch a cold. What? That was why they wore hats. I don, I don't feel cool but like I just It is just crazy to I would imagine 'cause it was cold, they didn't have like heat like that. So you'd have to wear like a little snow cap. I'll just die instead of it like a little bitch. That's What I'm saying man. They Were wearing those little weird elf hats. That Dude, I feel the same way about Bike helmets. Bike. Yeah. Fuck that. I see people with bike, adults with bike helmets. I'm like, bro, I would wear one if, if it got to be like painted like candy or something or like some sweet paint job. True. Where it's like the mouth, it's like That would be sick. Nah, change colors when you went by. But I probably would never ride a motorcycle.


I don't like those motorcycles where they got like the saddles on the side and then like the big windshield. Like the cop one. Yeah, that's like the minivan of motorcycles. It It is dude, you might as well just, yeah. Get a fucking car. Yeah. You don get saddlebags and a windshield. Yeah bro. Damn. That's gonna hit my dad hard. My dad rocks his Saddleback. His dad Rocks that damn Bro. He does. He had the regular ones and then he know you get old is like his Dad out in Philly. Yeah, he grew up in Philly, then moved to Havertown where He was like Philly when he was little and grew up in Havertown. So, that whole area. Philly Area. Philly was like a tough town though. I wouldn't make fun of your dad. I take that back. No, No, no, no. He needs to hear that we too And. he was driving around. He needs to take that bug windshield off and just eat those things bro. Just Saddlebags. He, but he would like drive his motorcycle. That was like the one thing he would be like, we'd go to a restaurant And.


he is like, I I'm gonna ride my motorcycle. I'll meet you there. So. that was like his like slice of freedom. Hell yeah. And. he just got older And, he, he would like go to like pick stuff up at the store. And, he throw it in the saddlebags and ride back. Did he, is he still with your mom? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. So yeah, he probably needed that bro. Yeah, he Needed that break. Hell yeah. And the windshield. I could see the windshield after some time. Did you ever, did you ever ride a motorcycle before? Yeah, I have a dirt bike. Oh, oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pretty sick. Fuck. That's fucking awesome. Yeah, bro. No windshield. That's The rawest motorbike you can get. Possibly. So you're at like the absolute top of the hierarchy in terms of like being sick on it? Well, Not necessarily. It's a 1 25 cc. So it's like training wheels of dirt bikes. Have You ridden it on like the highway and stuff? Nah Dude, it's scare. I took a three, I forget what it was, like a 3 25 if that's a thing.


Like Yeah, I think it was a Yamaha Nighthawk and I'd never really ridden motorcycles. I still don't now. But like my brother showed me how to do it and I had like took that thing on the highway. You Were scared? Yeah, I was scared as fuck, man. Yeah dude. I was going over this bridge and trucks would pass me and it was like they were saying it's not a heavy enough bike. So when a truck goes by you on the highway, the breeze pushes your bike over. Oh shit. Shit was fighting those big, like, you know those big like buckles in the middle of the bridge, there's like big metal grates. I'd hit them and be like, Jesus. Christ. Yeah. I wouldn't have been scared. You Don't think you'd been scared? Take the, yeah, take it on the highway right now. All Right. Do it bro. Do it dude. Tell your brother to bring you right now. I will, I will. I'll get the Yamaha Nighthawk dude. As far as far as the people listening to this podcast go, just know that I, I will ride that bike On the highway.


Yeah. 1 25 on the highway. Man. You need something heavy. I Have you ever gone 1 25? I've ridden dirt bikes when I was little. Yeah, we used to ride 'em around just like buzz around the house. Oh No. I thought you were talking about miles per hour. Oh hell no, dude. You've Never gone 125 miles per on Dirt bike? No. In anything. In a car. Yeah, in a Car. Yeah. Where are you driving? I don't think I got up to 125 in the car. I take that back. I hit in like a hundred in like seven. What Are you driving? Like a Honda Odyssey? Yeah. Like some bullshit. Yeah. You just running late to something. Just Trying to No, when you're little, remember you're a teenager, you're like, we're gonna go a hundred miles an hour on the highway. Yeah. Hell Yeah. Just trying to go as fast as possible. Yeah. We had an URA TL for a while. They're fast as hell. Yeah. That was tight. You Did 1 25 in a car. One in one car.


I did like one in two cars. Actually I did one 60 something. What? You're a car guy? Yeah, I like cars. You did one 60? Yeah. Where on the highway so you Wouldn't be afraid on the bike? I don't know. Dude, you take away those walls though. I think The bike. Yeah, the walls are And you can imagine if you could see the ground. Yeah, No, I don't wanna see the ground. It Fucks you up, dude. You're going like 80 and you see the ground. It's just a, it's literally a blur. Nah, I feel like the, the bike is just way more scarier for real. It is one false move. Dead It is like, you're dead. Yeah. And then I, and then I grew up playing Grand Theft Auto. So like, you know how many times I was riding that bike and then I hit a car and I just fly or, you know what I mean? Like fuck that. But in a, in a Car. Yeah. Yeah. The one sixty's fucking fast man.


Yeah. One sixty's pretty fast. That's When like things start like, they're like 200 yards away and it's like they're right at you. Yeah. They, They look like they're barely even moving the cars. Like they're like, they're still moving but they, they look more Yeah. Closer to being still Are. Are you still about that speed life? Are you slowing down? 'cause that's like, bro, you're, you're flirting with disaster one Sixty's like Nah, this was like last Week. You want an untimely celebrity death. This Was like last week bro. What? Yeah. Are You are you gunning for like an untimely like James Dean? Nah, but I do wanna hit 180. I've always wanted to hit 180. Just Is that your, that's the goal. Yeah. And you're talking about on the street, not like a track. Nah, yeah, on the street. I would like to hit a track and see what that's like. 'cause I feel like that's where you get to really see what your car's about.


You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. When they got like those little circuits and all that And, they get to see what their fastest lap time is. That that's gotta be sick. I wanna see like if a car that I, not that I build from the ground up, but if a car that I somewhat build could like What, what era that would be actually cool as hell. What era do you like specialize in? I saw you had some like, it looks almost like, I guess they're classic cars. They're 20 years old, right? Some of them. I don't know what you saw, but I saw Your, you had a thing on Instagram where you had like, it almost reminded me of like, like a LeSabre or something. One of those, but you really like cleaned it up. We, we buy them and sell them a lot. Do you really? My dad and I. Yeah. That's fucking sick. So we like, there's a few that I will never sell.


Yeah. But there's a couple that I'm like, eh, I just kind of wanted to drive it for a while and then I'll sell it and buy something else. What's Your like, so what like era of car do you like, do you like restore them? You're saying? Not necessarily restore them. I. just like I, and that's something I didn't know about myself until I started being able to actually buy the cars. Oh yeah. I don't like, like the collectible ones that hold their value as long as you never touch 'em. Yeah. But I do like some of those, but maybe like with more mileage, something I could like change stuff in. Yeah. I also like sleeper cars. I I actually want a Camaro. I want a a 2019 Camaro in a game of horse. Just high stakes horse games. What? Yeah. That's the life of Ralph Barbosa baby Horse You are like, like basketball horse.


Yeah. What you took someone's pink sliping horse. What was the winning shot? Just, just a jump bro. I have a cold jumper, like a mid-race jumper. Yeah, That's good. That's nice to have. And most people like, maybe they could make one or two, but if you, if you go from maybe like a repeat spot. Yep bro. They'll miss, they'll miss before I miss for sure. Yeah. You're Talking about just within the key kind of that like five to seven foot jumper. Yeah. It's a good Move. Good bro. And And, he took someone's Camaro. Yeah. And the risk was I lose an 88 Super sport Monte Carlo I had, but I was trying to get rid of that car anyway. 'cause it, it ended it, the car was in just like mint condition and maybe like 24,000 original miles on it.


But like I said, like it was only gonna keep its value if I just kept it so clean. Yeah. What's the point? Yeah. So then I had been looking to buy like a 20 16 20 17 Chevy Ss. You ever see those? Yeah. And I wanted one of those 'cause they looked like, so they looked like a Malibu, but they, they got the, they got the 6.2 strip. Do they Have the stripes and everything or no? I don't know if some of them come with stripes, but anyway. You Wanted one? I wanted one. 'cause I feel, I felt like that was a cool daily driver car. It looks like something you'd totally underestimate and it draw way less attention.


But if you needed to smoke somebody, you could. True. Yeah. So I got that Camaro and I was like, all right, well I, I'll get the Camaro and I'll get the title transferred under my name and then I'll go when, if I ever find the Chevy Ss like had a used dealership or something, I, I can go trade it in. But the, the, the dude who showed me Chevy Ss is this his mechanic dude I know named Jacob. He was selling his, around that time, like literally the, the week after I got the Camaro, I think he took it to race week, where they go like city to city, like to different drag strips, And. he kept finding air tags on it where people wanted to track it to go steal it. What? Yeah, And. he just had his son. So he, he just was like, man, I don't want people trying to steal my shit.


Especially I got my son with me. So he's like, I'm just gonna sell it. And I was like, bro, I'll trade you the Camaro and, and some cash And He was like fucking done. And I guess he's gonna sell that Camaro now. I don't know, just trade it in for whatever. But nah, I got that. Chevy Ss And, he put, he, he did a lot of work to it, which I didn't think about that. It's, I don't know if it's more than I can handle the thing's pretty fucking fast. It's strong, it's fast as shit. But like I go pick up my son from school and she's like, it's pretty, yeah, yeah. That's sick. I, that was, my dad was real into collecting like old muscle cars. He had, it was like a phase. He gets like real into stuff and you know, whatever. But yeah, my first car, when I was growing up, I would drive like a 72 Chevelle, I think it was.


Why did you say It is like a phase? Why do you keep hating on your dad? I'm not Hating on him. He just, this is what he does. He gets into, He's like my dad laid drives. He has saddles and dude, I just, he goes through phases. He's the man, dude, for real. I mean, having to be in, you know, he's like 60 something, just ripping on a motorcycle with his windshield. It's totally respectful. That's pretty sick. Yeah. But I would say the same thing I'd like, bro, get a fucking bike, bro. og We have our, our family's very, we like to fuck around with each other. Other, hell yeah. Yeah. He's, he's a fucking beast. But the, but he used to collect old cars, the same thing, like restore him, all that stuff. So my first car that I got to drive in high school was like a 72 Chevelle. Damn. Wasn't whatchamacallit. You had to like, what's that called? It's not fuel injected. So I had to like goose the gas pedal in the morning and like Carbureted? Yeah. Yeah. You had to hit there and just kind of like hit the thing down.


But that thing, fucking, I don't know why he let me drive that. The thing like, if you literally hit the gas all the way down, we'll go and like peel out. Oh shit. It was sick. It Was like one of those things. Yeah. I fucking crashed like pretty quickly. You crashed it. Low stakes? Low. Like, I was pulling up to my cousin's driveway to pick him up. And, they, my screen was just like the screen fucking, the windshield was foggy and I just crashed into his, I like ran into his dad's car on accident. As I can Say, I, I've only been in like one or two, I don't even know you can call them wrecks, like Fender business. When I was 12, my grandma had a Jeep Liberty and I took off in it. I, yeah, I wanted to buy like a video game. I had saved up money. I had like 90 something bucks saved up and I took, I took my buddy with me.


We went to a, to a GameStop. I was like, you be my second set of eyes, you know? And we're both just like adrenaline pumping. That's Dude, it's so scary when you're little driving a car where you're not supposed to. Yeah, my Grandma was just asleep at home. Crashed it. I I, they, so they didn't, they couldn't sell me the video game 'cause it was like, you need an adult there. So I was Like, I gotta drive home now. Yeah. So we got in the car and I'm trying to like, exit the parking lot onto the main road, but there's a lot of cars coming in and I'm, the, the front of the car was like sticking out too far. So I got scared and I just like slammed it into reverse. And I, and I slammed into this dude's Dodge Ram.


And it was, it was this big old white dude, And. he just looked kind of like surprised to see this little 12-year-old come out. Right? Yeah. And he's just like, what the hell man? He is like, you have insurance. And He was like, you have parents? And I was just like, man, I'm gonna be a hundred percent honest with you. Like, I don't know how insurance works. This is my grandma's jeep. I don't think she has insurance. Like she doesn't know English, but like, I don't know if she even did all that. I was like, I know body work must be like expensive. 'cause I like, I, I dented his bumper in or whatever I was, and I was just like pleading with him. I was like, look man. I was like, this is like 98 bucks and it's all my money.


Like, ever. Like, just take it. Yeah, And. he was just like, just get outta here, man. But that's crazy. That Was nice of him. Yeah, It was. But at the same time, it's like your punishment is like, just see if you can make it home. Like 12-year-old. Yeah. But he took your 98 bucks. Yeah, he took the buck. He took the money. He was like, just get outta here man. But man, yeah. I was just like, all right, fuck it. And did You fuck the liberty up? Nah bro. I, my grandma like, never found out about that. I got bag before she woke up from her nap. That's not bad. So you've never been in like a real car wreck, like airbags deployed and all that shit. Uhuh. I've gotten one before. It sucks. Yeah. Yeah. A lady just ran the stop sign and just fucking nailed me.


Damn. Yeah, she had no insurance airbag. Those airbags gone. You got nailed by a lady. Nice. I did, bro. Hell yeah. Cheers, bro. Only the best. Only the most Alpha. What, how, how old was the lady? Yeah, In her early twenties. Early Twenties? Yeah. Oh bro. You got nailed by a chick. I did by girl. It was a chick. And she tried to get, she didn't have insurance, so She tried to blame you? Oh yeah. She tried to come out. She was like holding her neck like she was gonna sue me. I'm like, dude, you ran your stop sign. And once she figured it out, I like showed her like, no, no, no. Look like you're, you fucked up. She thought she was gonna get paid. And I was like, You just did like one of these like flinch. Dude. I got like knocked out when I came too. I saw the car and I was like, I gotta get that lady's license plate. So I went up and I like, I put it in my phone or whatever. And then like, she came out like rolling on the ground, like, ah, I'm calling my lawyer.


And I was like, She she had Dickhead, dickhead, you're at fault. And she like literally got instantly better and was like, oh shit. And then like, we were sitting there and then eventually she like peeled off and took off. But I already had the plate. So Wait, so she tried to just take off before you Damn. Yeah, that was her problem. She's being a jerk. Damn. She's being a fucking asshole. But you, You got, you tracked her down. She she has, she did her insurance? No, she didn't have nothing. She didn't have anything. So it was like, it was kind of like she didn't have insurance. I had like the weakest insurance. You took the loss, you just straight up took the loss, took The l There was nothing to be had, she didn't have insurance. She didn't have How Long ago was this? Probably like five, six years ago. I got like a, for real, like brain injury. Like I was, I was knocked out and I didn't sleep for like four days after that. But I wasn't tired, Bro.


Where, where, where was this? Philly. In Philly. Yeah bro, let's go find this bro. I, Well, so it's illegal to search people's addresses through their insur and through Their I thought you were gonna say it was illegal to say broad. No, you can say broad. It's illegal to search illegal someone's Search license Plate. It's broad's address. Yeah. If you take someone's license plate and get their address from it, you're not technically not supposed to do that. But I was able to do that and then we just like, you know, we pulled up and like saw the situation. It was like, there's nothing to be had here. Yeah. Yeah. This is like, is it like the house? Like you, what's that movie The Fighter with Mark Wahlberg? You ever see that movie? I seen it. Yeah. And. he has like all the sisters I just feel like the one of the sisters hit you. She's like, Mom, It was a lady and her mom and the mom like came out and like, you know, like, the lady's not here.


And then, you know, it was a big thing. But she did the right, she did go eventually. And I told her, I was like, I'm not pressing charges. But she went and eventually like, took ownership and she didn't get like a hit and run. No, but there was just financially nothing to do. If I, I could have sued her if I wanted to, but it's like, not gonna sue like a super poor lady. Yeah. You know, be like, now you gotta get, I'm gonna garnish her like Wendy's paycheck for four years. Like I'm not, you know, Free frosties. You should have just told her free frosties or free desserts from wherever the bum fuck you work at for the rest of your life. True. Pull up. And as a reminder, hell yeah. Nah, I'm not like that bro. I'm a nice guy. I know you've been trying to take me down this whole time, but I'm actually a really nice guy who like loves my dad. I know. You're nice bro. I, just think you got some issues.


I do. Yeah. I do have some issues. Saw one too many shirtless people growing up.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. Think of a time recently when you didn't feel like you could be your full self, like you were hiding behind a mask. October is the season, the spookiest season for wearing masks and costumes. But some of us feel like we wear a mask and hide more often than we want to at work in social settings or even around our family therapy can help you learn to accept all parts of yourself so you can take off the mask because masks should be used for Halloween. Fun. Not our emotions. I mean, what a beautiful message. We all gotta take off our Halloween masks. Or maybe I really am. Jason, if you're, if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist. And any time for no additional charge. Take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash mssp today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/mssp.


You know what? We all need to get more of off our ass with bold new flavors than a refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather is always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang in a day of epic proportion. Anyway. It's all right. Call out my favorite flavor voltage. I'll go with voltage. I like a, a nice voltage flavored beverage. Talk about what game slash activity you'd play with friends. I don't know. Sean, what did you think? What do you think we would do if we had a mountain? If we had like a nice cold voltage flavored Mountain Dew, do you think we would maybe kiss forever? Nice. The Mountain is calling. you should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And DoTheDew if you know that's what you're up to. DoTheDew. Thank you.


Hey guys, huge announcement here this weekend. I will be in Milwaukee. I hope I spelled that correctly. That's off memory. I'll be there this weekend. Thursday through Saturday. This weekend. The dates would be the 24th through the 26th, if I'm not mistaken. Please, please come out to that. I'm begging you guys ticket sales look okay. I'm not mad at them, but let's try to bump them up if you guys can. If you can't, I totally understand. I would never bother you. 1115 Tysons, Virginia Capital One Hall. I think that's close to Washington DC No knock on Tysons, Virginia.


I'm just saying if you guys want to kind of come in from there. I don't think the commute would be too bad. Well, I don't know. Maybe it's far. Just check it out. Also, 1116 New York, New York as part of the New York Comedy Festival at Town Hall. I'll be there for a night. So come to that. And also, here's the big one. 1129 to 1130. I'll be in Irvine, California at the Irvine Improv. Come on out. What Are you saying? Why wanted you Matilda? Dude, I can't believe you never saw a shirtless construction worker. That's crazy. Did you work construction? Yeah. You never saw what, what was your like, field of construction? I was on the electrical side. Okay. Yeah, I was, I did electrical before.


Yeah. What'd you, do you like, were you like a helper or did you get, like, did you like run it or like what was your Yeah, Nah, I was not running shit Outlets and shit. That's what I did. I did outlets. Outlets or I. just have to like watch out for the, what do they call it? The trackos, when they, when they like dig and stuff. Yeah. Because we had a lot of like underground. You're Doing like the services and shit Pipe? Yeah, we're like working like at factories and installing big machinery. Oh shit. Okay. Yeah, It's pretty industrial bro. Yeah, I was doing, I was doing like houses and shit. Nah. Okay. You see I Was doing like outlets and stuff. Okay. You see what I'm talking about here though? It's like, So you You are in an industry. You can, in a, in residential it was anything goes. I don't feel like that's true either though. You can't just go to someone's house and take off your clothes, bro.


If it's a, it'll, no one's there. It's a brand new house. Talking new construction. Old construction. Okay. New construction. No shirt. No problem. Maybe, maybe that's how things going. Feely True. Here. The construction guys look like fucking Fallout characters. They have like, We got the A mask all over sleeves On Thelp and shit. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. They look like fucking creative players in Fortnite. Yeah, Bro. 'cause we have a, a structure in good old Texas. All right. It's not a free for All, bro. Yeah. Isn't this Philly where people crime runs rampant. True. True. And managers twerking off the walls. When's the last time? Have you been in Philly recently? Yeah, I went, not recently.


It was already like, you know when it was during WrestleMania? Okay. Yeah. That was like, that was relatively recent. I saw that guy Druke there. Did you Really? Yeah, I'm a big fan of Druke, but he didn't want nothing to do with me. What. the Fuck It is understandable. 'cause like the situation. What's the situation Whatcha talking About? I guess we were staying at the same hotel. Gotcha. And I was leaving the hotel around like three or 4:00 AM to go to the airport. And as I'm getting in the car, my buddy was like, Yo, that's Drew Ski. He's like walking towards the hotel. And I just yelled from like the other side of the street. I was like, Charles Gay. They would get a picture, And, He Wouldn't do it. His security just looked around like who yelled at And. they just like zoomed into the hotel.


Yeah, true. Well, so That's why I was like, all right, I understand that. Like, Yeah, that makes sense. Probably thought He was like some, some drunk, you know, crazy fan. Yeah, true. He didn't know it was too young. Kings in passing. Yeah. Yeah. You should hit. Yeah, You should hit him up. Re-hit him up. Like, dude, that was me Who screamed at you? And I'd still like that picture if we cross Don't, he's gonna open that. You Don't think so? Nah, I don't think It is funny to see who you can, like, who will actually respond to you. Because like, you're pretty big in common. You get around. So it's like, have you like tried to reach out to like, famous people to see if they'll honor it? Or like how do you, how do you go about that? Man, I, I, I rarely reach out to like a famous person, but if they reach out to me, I'm just like, hell yeah.


We're friends now. Yes. Yeah. It is cool. It's a cool feeling. Me and Pot Wall, we talk. That's tight. Yeah. Yeah. He's A, he's a businessman too now. He's like all cleaned up. Yeah, He got the comb over now. Really? Yeah. That guy's different. Well, as a white rapper, you have to eventually is like, if you get too old and you still look the way you did when you're 20, you don't, it doesn't age well. Eminem, I mean, did a comb over, but he did grow a beard. He, he had to switch it up. 'cause it's like if he was fucking 50 with blonde hair, dyed blonde hair, it just starts to look kind of like, dude, what are you doing? Yeah, that's true. People don't think about that. White, white rappers do have to go through a lot. Man. White. Yeah, white rappers. They gotta, they gotta like, and then they, I don't know. Did you ever watch that guy? Did you ever see that guy?


His name was Lil White. Did you ever see him? Yeah, I actually have, yeah. From Memphis. Yeah. I remember that guy. I can't picture what he looks like, but I have definitely seen him. I don't, I don't know where he is at now, but that's one white rapper that I'm like, why didn't he like, I don't know. He should have been more popular than he was. He was white, but He was like, oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what man? He kind of looked a lot like, who was that other guy? He looks like he owns a strip club in that one picture. He does. Dude, I never What? See look, look. That's him. Now I wonder what happened to him. He kind of clean, he went like full con McGregor, like neck hat kind of businessman looking. Yeah, that there was another guy. Oh my God. Who's the riffraff? He kind of reminds me a little, the look. Oh, a little bit of riffraff.


A little bit. I guess People shit on riffraff a lot, but man, you ever heard that song Time by Riff Raff? Look up that song on YouTube. I Like Riff R the Video bro. that song, it'll make you cry. Really? Hell yeah. Yeah. They can do it to you. That's it. Crying to a riffraff song would be crazy. Did it really get you cry? It made you cry. I mean, not me because, Because I'm a man. True that. Yeah. But no, they could get me, I could see that, right? That like Right. Riffraff. Riffraff Re was like a bonafide. He was like a six celebrity. He was like a cool dude. Yeah. He had those weird Chop chompers. Those fucking, He had the X Factor. Yeah. Wasn't he in the movie Spring Break? Oh, I don't know. Maybe. I think he played in like Harmony.


Corinne did this movie. And. he played like a, like a drug dealer. And. he was a good actor too. I never watched that movie. But that's the one where James Frankl sucks the gun. Right. He puts a gun in his mouth. Dude, I'm the worst with Mo. I see movies. Yes. He wasn't, yeah, he, yes. I'm thinking that might have been the one. Oh, fuck that. Was Franco in the movie or Were they just like basing it off of him? I don't know. Maybe Franco and Raff were in that movie. 'cause I forgot if I was Franco. I'm thinking Riff Raff played that character. Fuck that bro. Riff Raff should sue them. He should sue Franco for Literally just Trying to beat him. Yeah, true. Yeah. I guess Franco did suck a gun in that movie. I didn't. I totally, I probably like walked out during that. I was probably like, I'm not fucking watching this bullshit Fucking Shit. Everybody's saying they walked out of Joker.


I heard the Joker gets raped, right? Isn't that like what someone said, like, there's a three man on one man rape scene. Why? Why they Do all that? I don't, I don't know why they did that. I, I'm, I'm gonna be honest and damn. Yeah, that's fucked up. They took that the first Did you like the first one? I liked the first one, but maybe this is me just having a little bit of that like, toxic Texas mentality. But when I saw that the movie was called a Jaker joke, joker a Foer or some shit like that. I was like, It is gonna be so gay when I had the friend shit. Yeah. I was like, you don't have to apologize for that instinct. Why do you keep apologizing for having just like a, a proper masculine instinct. But yeah, people Get mad at shit like that.


Who though? I don't know. On the internet. You Know, I don't gotta worry about them. I People get mad all the time, dude. I Just, yeah, that's all. But I hear what you're saying, but you can say, you know, if you It is a correct instinct to see a French title and be like, this might be kind of gay. I I was like, why? Why? Why would they do that? Yeah. That sucks. What is the title of it again? Like Oh, He does get Yeah, the Joker Gets Gang Raped by Prison Guards and Joker too After he called out the Abusive. So now they may joker a victim, you know? Well they said very glad I will never watch this movie fully. They ruined the first movie's legacy. How about that? Yeah. Analogy Would take that script writer. That's that's crazy too. To be like, we're gonna start this off with the prison gang rape bro.


Whoever wrote that review, fuck them too. I know. Because they're just like, ruin the first, it's just sucking the dick of the first movie To say the, the legacy too. Calm down, bro. This is, I know it's not, the first one was just a good movie. Like, it's fine. You know, like That's just the legacy. Imagine looking at it, thinking about movies', legacies. I Just think it's crazy to think there's like a legacy. Like on Max you wanna see my legacy? Sure. Do you have a, do you have an account? It's like, shut the fuck up. Yeah. That would, I would, I always think, do you ever think about like the world of very serious men? Yeah. It's kind of, that's what they're up to. If you're not funny, you're like thinking about movies legacies and you're like, they've tarnished their reputation for all times.


This movie will never, Well, people who write movie reviews. Yeah. Dude, I took my son to watch Inside Out Too. Great movie too, by the way. I thought that movie Was did make h you Cry. Hilarious. They didn't make me cry, but it made me laugh a lot. Really? Yeah. I love that movie. It was good. And I saw this one post on Instagram randomly where somebody was just talking shit about the movie And. they And, they did it such an in an educated movie critic way. And I'm just like, dude, suck a dick. Yeah, Dude. Like This is your problem. This is just a funny cartoon movie. That movie Helped me. I watched it and I was like, yeah dude, I do gotta take it easy and just start going like a little like when the, when she, I don't wanna spoil it, but she has that ending skating scene. Yeah. Spoil. But she's like peaceful. Well, she was peaceful at the very end. People have seen it by now.


True. Dude, that movie for real, like for three days. I felt like I was like tapped into that state that I watched that girl When she was like, you're Effortlessly, You're not good enough. You're not good enough. Yeah, dude. But when I saw that she stopped caring if she was good enough or not. I'm like, she's never gonna be anything in life. You Don't think so? You think she's gonna settle? She's Gonna be a fucking loser. I didn't think about that. Probably a housewife or something. Yeah, just settle. Not that housewife is bad, but I bet you she's not gonna have like a successful man. Yeah. She won't be, you don't think she'll have a successful man? Or she won't. Bela like slamming other ladies into the boards on that hockey rink. She's gonna play like fucking, what do you call it? Like recreational hockey? Yeah. Give it up. Yeah. As long as she keeps up that mentality.


True. She probably got knocked up. Bro. You can't be, you can't be a champion in life and take care of your mental health. It is true. This is is stupid. You gotta just grind yourself into a pulp. Yeah. Yeah. I go back and forth on whether or not that's the case. I'm like, or you could come from like a supreme perspective. Like Rick Rubin, just like totally chill. You think Rubin Rick Rubin's not fucked in the head right now. I think He's chill. I don't know. He is wrote a whole book about how chill he is. Yeah. Yeah. You think he's like secretly freaking out? That Guy has demons somewhere, bro. Yeah, true. Doesn't he? He just walk barefoot everywhere. Yeah. And like, he like lives according to like different weather patterns. He just moves like six times. You're right. You gotta be crazy to move.


I'll tell you what, that's probably what keeps him sane though. Yeah. If anything is, he doesn't ever shave or get a haircut And, he just goes where the weather's comfortable. Yeah. He, he never, he never once just wakes up and has to do something outside. He's just like, fuck fucking hottest shit out here. Yeah. And. he is just barefoot And. he is just a vibe man. He gets paid to like sit in on albums and be like, how you feeling bro? Ah. And people like, apparently he's a fantastic producer. Yeah. I mean, don't get me wrong. The guy's like, like a musical genius. I Had the same instinct as you. I was like full of shit. The guy, nobody's that chill. It's all bullshit. Then I read his book and I'm like, damn, this guy might be that chill. Nah, I read the first chapter of his book and I was just like, nah, fuck this guy That I can see that.


What are you trying to teach me here? How to do, Be open to the creative impulse of the universe. Dude, I guess You don't wanna hear that. Where Do you think you get your ideas from? Do you think you spawn them yourself or they just dawn on you from outta nowhere. My ass. You're A pretty prolific dude, man. You come out with a lot of stuff. Yeah. Pretty Sick. Justs got a cool ass, Ass comes right outta your ass. I far a lot. That's nice. I I I'll say this, I do. No, I do respect Rick Rubin's whole, like this is how you stay creative thing. But the thing I didn't like about his book, and maybe I should have read more of the book because it's not fair to like judge off of the first few pages. I mean, you didn't judge it by the cover. The cover is pretty kind of, I would say minimalistic and kind of cool.


You didn't judge it by the cover. I Do like the cover. You judged by the intro. He starts off with a quote. Yeah. What was remember was the quote, I forget. I don't remember the person who says it, which I should. 'cause I do love that quote. But it's like, it's something along the lines of like, the objective is not to create art, but to be in that wonderful state of mind in which art is inevitable. Yeah. And I like that too. I Don't necessarily think of like, writing jokes is like an art. Yeah. Because I feel like it's kind of gay to say that It is, but I do feel like I get what they mean where like, if I'm just in that state of mind where like funny just kind of flows like funny thoughts, like yeah, I get that. You know? Yeah. If I, I get the same way. If I'm like too crab or caught up with all the bullshit, it's like it doesn't come If you can stay, if I can stay kind of like chill somehow or like just like keep a, you know, humorous outlook on life rather being like, I gotta fucking sell tickets.


Yeah. Like that, that whatever that's happening. My, you know, I'm not tuned in so I get it. But It is also very gay to be like my art. So I, I do appreciate that too, to be like, nah, dude, I just go. And it's, I think that's why the rest of the book was just like, like I couldn't keep reading. 'cause I if if the, if the whole point of the book was to get me to like, get me into a creative space was like, well the quote was enough true. It wasn't even his quote or somebody else said that. And the rest of the book is just him being like, imagine you're like a blade of grass. Ruben would probably be like, good, I'm glad you just read the quote sometimes that's all we need. That's cool too. I'm sure he is a cool Guy. But that is, that is, yeah. A lot of It is that very zen kind of like, you know, like a blade of grass grows and if you watch it.


I'm Also not a big fan of hippies though. So I feel like if I probably would avoid that guy. Like if me and him were like in the room and I'm hungry, I'd be like, put some fucking shoes on. Fucking eat, bro. Yeah. You'd be pissed off. Yeah. Yeah. Like fucking, I'm the same way. I love hippie philosophy, but the reality of hippies when I come around them, I'm kind of like, Sometimes they smell. Yeah, they smell. They dude, they're very, they're backstabbers bro. Yeah. They preach this big thing when it comes down, dude. Like the hippie life is, a lot of It is just following bands. And it's hard 'cause you can't have a job and follow a band. So they do a lot of like, kind of, you know, like selling this or that or whatever. Oh yeah, I saw that South Park episode. Yeah. Did you? Yeah. You remember that one? Where they do like a, like a Woodstock thing. Oh, That was, when was that?


That was a while back. I was a kid. What did They, what did they cover on that one? I don't remember. So like, all these hippies are starting to come into South Park And. they get into like the kids' minds where they're just like, the corporations are evil, man. Like, we're gonna, we're gonna take them down. I Remember. Yeah. And then they do the big Woodstock thing and the kids are there like, all right, like, when do we start taking down the corporations? And it's like when they see this music festival, like they're really gonna fucking have it, you know? Yeah. And Carmen, Carmen was the only voice of reason in that episode. 'cause he is the one that's like a hippie exterminator. He always hated the hippies. Yeah. Dude. I've had like, firsthand experience with him. And, they were like very behind that whole like, facade of like, yeah man, they're, it's like, they're fucking like very self-serving and like very shitty towards one another.


Yeah. I like really, they'll like stab each other in the back just to be able to like, follow a band for six months and like, they'll like steal each other's like connects and all this stuff. It's like, fucking being a hippies is like ruthless man. Nah, I don't know. Now that sounds kind of cool. I kind of wanna be like a road hippie. Just, They're dude, evil, Hippies, survival of the fit. They're Fucking evil hippies, dude. They'll like come into a town, be kind of transient, set up shop, start selling like a bunch of weed at festivals and you can kind of, it's like a whole economy of itself. I Just man. Now I'm just really afraid that people are going to hear me on this podcast and be like, yeah, this guy's fucking Republican. Why? Dude, it's inevitable. You're a man. If you get older, you're gonna become Republican. You think so? Yeah, Dude. All right. But I'm gonna be like closeted Republican. That's because you I'm never gonna act on it. Yeah, don't act on keep it yourself.


Yeah. Do you want be damn or you just don't wanna be either. You wanna be apolitical. Is that what it's called when you don't do either? Yeah. Just be fucking like the women. If you, you can get some pussy being dim if you're like, yeah dude, I fucking love the Democrats. You get, I feel like you get more pussy that way. You think so? Maybe for white guys. Maybe. Yeah, maybe so for white guys. 'cause it's like, I'm, I also feel like at their core, women want a strong conservative man. I, I hang out with strippers, bro. They just care about money. True. They're, they're also pretty fucking apolitical. They don't care who I, I Vote for. They don't have you dated a stripper. For real. I've never dated, but we know we hang out. Chill. Yeah, you chill. Yeah. Do the night thing. Yeah. Yeah. They don't really care. They're, I, I used to love gonna strip clubs early, like on a Sunday afternoon and like, just 'cause there's no one else is in there.


You can really chat 'em up. Yeah. That's a good time to go. You think So? I don't, yeah. Yeah. I don't Know, man. They're not that Busy. I'm learning a lot about you and myself during this podcast. You never went like in the afternoon and just chilled. If the sunlight is out, I don't want go. Oh Dude. It's the best. I don't wanna go to the strip club unless I'm already drunk. Really? Yeah. No, I, I would, yeah, I would drink a little bit. But you go, dude, I'm telling you, try this dude. Go in there with your friends Sunday afternoon, quiet time. They're not all as like, they're not as like business mode. It's them. They're chilling. You can like really just like, have a good time. Oh. But I've, I've went on a date with the stripper before. Yeah. I think she was honestly between us. I think she was just trying to take money from me. But it was like, yeah, it was pretty, pretty bad. It wasn't all I thought it would be.


I thought it'd be more glamorous, like dating a stripper. But she had like an infant there with her when I showed up at her house. What? Yeah. Dang. Yeah. We made it out. So, no, it's very, It is very humbling. It's more humbling than you would think. It is Humbling too. Just I, But I do like, just kind of like partying and Hanging out with just women of the nightlife. You Like that bottle? Girls, bartenders? Yeah. You know, strippers, whatever. Like, because those are the girls that like, just want to have fun and they're not expecting you to like go on real dates. True. But I did meet one, and I won't say in Witch city. 'cause then I feel like she's gonna know I'm talking about her and she'll probably get her feelings here. I did me one that I do feel like she was very much like, I, I was her ticket out. And if I'm your ticket out, You are not doing so good.


Like You are, You are like pretty down in the dumps. You know? You're doing well. Whatcha talking about, I don't know, I just feel like there's so many better tickets, ticket outs, you know? Yeah. Yeah. But, but you felt that pressure. Yeah. See I would cave instantly. I I'm such a Sam dude. I'd be like, come on, I'll make it honest woman out here. Yeah. I know myself. I'm old enough now where I know myself. I think, I think before when I first started getting attention from women due to success, I was a little bit like that. I was just like, yeah, but, but I wouldn't really do it, you know? Yeah, yeah. For sure. But now I'm at a point where like, I can be honest. I'm be like, nah, don't. Yeah. Don't, don't expect me to be very righteous.


True. Yeah. I'm, I think I'm pretty shitty. That probably turns 'em on though. When you're telling 'em you're not righteous, they're probably like, damn. Yeah, it's tight. Telling a lady like, I'm not righteous. Why? What are you gonna do though? So You, are you gonna like try to find a, are you just gonna keep messing around with women of the night or are you gonna try to find like, I think I'll find like a girlfriend eventually. True. But I'm never gonna get married. Yeah. I don't think I could do that. Yeah. This is kind of like a little weird to me. And like, I don't wanna legally bind myself to a person. Yeah. I'm just afraid of legal stuff. Paperwork. I've Done it twice. You did it Twice? Yeah. I've been married, divorced, and I'm married again. Two kids. Okay. Well that's good though. It worked out the second time. Pretty. Yeah. It's going, but it's like, it's, yeah, it's pretty.


I I kind of agree. It is a weird, if you, like, I've heard of this before. If you look at the legal agreement of marriage, it's the worst deal ever really. But at the same time it's like, like the saying, like, would you ever sign up with something like Yo, if if we stop talking, you're gonna take half the matter. It's like, legally it's a bad deal for a man. Yeah. It's like, if I love somebody, why do we have to split shit 50 50 if it doesn't work out? Yeah. I I think it's just set up for like, it's kind of like in a So that women can't get like, basically abused, like knocked up. Not like hit, but like knocked up. 'cause rearing a child for a person is like a serious thing. So it's like they should be entitled, I think they should be entitled to something for the rest of your life.


All right. Like, if, if that's Dude, I Agree. I agree with that part. Yeah. But I hear what you're saying though, but like 50% of everything, it's like, that should be kind of up to your discretion. I also don't think there should be like, legalities behind it, but Yeah. But It is, it's because of bad actors. Then you get guys that go in just knock chicks up. Yeah, that's true too. And then it's like, you're not taking care of it at all. So it's like you Need to have something. My my son's mom, we get along very well and I'm always gonna like do what I can to make sure, like, they're both good. But I guess I could see like, if I was just being such like real shitty to her, like I could see how like the legalities of it could help her out. Yeah. You're like a good dude. You're not like, there's dudes out there that are just like, for real. Like, like they'll just do, I had, I had friends that'd be like, just would just blow loads and chicks not even, Just don't even care.


They Didn't give a fuck. Wouldn't think twice about it. And it's like, That's 'cause I started playing a lot of Red Dead Too True. Don't want my honor to Be high. Don't Hell you play that game. I have. Well, that game is sick. You Can go either way, dude. You can be a villain. Or you, you say you're high on, on Red Dead. O only 'cause I restarted the game. True. Because I Did you fall, did you have like a wicked life on Red Dead at First? Yeah. I was, I was going bad for like, I was already like to chapter five and like at the end of every chapter I was getting that, that wolf that like, you know, when you, I've never made it that I've only like, kind of seen the game. It got like the feel for it. Yeah. There's a wolf that comes after you. Yeah. Like in between chapters every time you go to the next chapter. Right. The next level of the game or whatever. It either shows like an elk if you're like this honorable man, or it shows like a wolf like just staring you down.


Damn. Yeah. Or I think it's like a wolf. It's like a black Yeah. Wolf looking thing. And I was just like, man, that's, that's pretty sick. Like that wolf thing, you know? But then I, then I was just like, I, I don't know, I always thought my honor was in the middle. And then one day I like, I checked it because I kept, I never checked it and I had like really low honor damn. And people were treating me like shit. I would say howdy mister. So people walking by and they'd be like, you moron, I'll fucking shoot the guy. Yeah. I mean, what else you, he provoke you. So I'm trying to redo the game, but with high honor to see what the difference is. But it's hard, bro. Yeah. I, I know man. Must be difficult. I was riding my horse the other day and this, this dude rode about with his horse. He's like, that's a mighty fine horse you got there.


He is like, you wanna raise him? So I was like, hell yeah, I'll raise the guy. And when he got, he got ahead of me. 'cause I, he fucking cheated piece of shit. But I, I remember for some reason, like, I guess his horse knocked him off, but I'm riding my horse full speed. So like the guy gets off his horse or falls off of it and then like, I immediately run him over and I lost honor. And, He was like, bro, I, that was manslaughter. Was it an accident Or It was an Accident? Man, it was a voluntary manslaughter. Yeah. But I still lost honor for it. What? Yeah. So I'm suing Rockstar. Yeah, True man. That's fucked up. What are you gonna have to do to like, make up for it? I don't know. I gotta probably say hi to a bunch of MPCs. Yeah. You're gonna spend the rest of your life making up for that crime.


Hell yeah. Damn. You didn't even try to run the, it's so hard to play those games and not just murder. Everybody game. I, I, so I, I accidentally, I didn't even pay attention. I rode my horse by somebody's campfire. And. they I just heard a voice, squashed him. No, I just heard a voice being like, this camp ain't for, Hey, I didn't invite any visitors. And then I turned around to see like who's talking and the guy had his gun on me. The guy pulls your gun on. You gotta shoot that guy. Yeah, you do. You do. That's just, That's just Texas law baby. Does That fuck up, your Honor? If you, it's a, Yeah, I had, I lost honor for killing that guy at his campsite. Look man, none, none of us are gonna be perfect. You gotta do what you gotta do. I think it'd be, here's the thing though. What the Fuck rockstar. Like why do you put that in the game, bro?


Like, I already gotta have honor in real life. I gotta have it in the game too. Like, I came here to escape, bro. I can't even kill old 18 hundreds hookers. Yeah, man. Now you gotta worry about like Yeah. Being judged and stuff. Yeah, I agree. That kind of does ruin it. Just to put like a moral pressure on the whole thing. Yeah. I'm just go back to playing low honor mode. Yeah. Yeah. You have to. It's kind of, there's something crazy about like just being a good boy in a video game. It's like, bro, And then you're Gonna snap No matter what your character dies at the end. Your character gets tuberculosis in the game. Really? Like he's fucking doc holiday or something. What? Yeah, He was like, What the Fuck. I paid so much money for this game and I did, did die and I got disease in the game. So you're struggling with like morality and like death.


Yeah, bro. Damn, damn. It is better to just shoot everybody in that game. Yeah, You just gotta go nuts. You can rob people. It's pretty sick. Yeah, that's pretty tight. You can like find card games and I don't know, it's kind of weird hearing the MPCs talk. Like there's like a New Orleans type city and I feel like the voices they do for the different characters are like, they were afraid to be racist. So they're like borderline. Yeah. Yeah. Like it's like a Chinese immigrant. But He sounds like he grew up in New York kind of. Yeah. He like barely has like an accent. Yeah. That's kind of bullshit, man. If you're gonna do it, do it, man. Go all in. Fucking commit bro. Yeah, go All in. Or like you, you ride your horse out and like there's like, there's like, you, you go do missions for like some plantation owners and I guess it's like post, you know, after the civil War.


So there's like no black workers out there. Really? Yeah. But I'm like, eh, this is the south and all these workers are white. Yeah. Yeah. They didn't have the slaves in the game. They didn't have no slaves. There's black people in the game, but none of them are slaves. Freemen. Yeah. The, I, we passed a cotton field recently. Me and my wife's black. We passed a cotton field, Cohen from here to like Houston. And I, she's like, what is that growing? I was like, and then eventually I, she, I was like, it's a cotton field. She's like, oh, Fucking the, the game should like let you, the game should be a little more accurate, but it should let, and I think it does on one. I don't know. I'll do the Chinese accents if they need somebody, I'll do 'em. I'll get, But they should let you like fucking, I don't know, like your mission now is like fucking kill this slave owner.


I don't know. Yeah. Some cool shit like that. Like Django. Yeah. You can go liberate them, But don't give me white fucking people picking cotton. Like Were they, oh, they were out there working. Just kind of, they had white, maybe they had white slaves. Maybe the game just based as hell. I feel like I'm now, I'm gonna get like some angry Republican in my dms. Like there was fucking white slaves too. That's what I'm saying. You are hitting on the white slave theory. Dude there I say some of the Irish bro. But Yeah, I think, I think there were a couple, I think there were a couple of white slaves. But it's one of those things where it was like, not a lot, you know What I mean? There, there's like a, there's like a Mexican character on Red Dead and you can walk by some Mexicans or like they're drinking in the bar. And I'm like, all right.


That's pretty accurate I think. Yeah, it's like this drunk Mexican dude. So they cry, but they hit the accent but they wouldn't hit a Chinese or Asian Bro. But all the accents are like mild. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like What, what was like, how'd the Asian guy sound? The Asian guy was like, oh, don't, don't go back there, sir. But yeah, They still gave him, I know what you mean. It should know mean way more Just kind. Yeah. I'm also bad at accents, so I don't know. I just sounded like Me. I was just trying to get you to an Asian I. just sounded like Mevo whispering. The guy sounded more Asian than that. He just, that is a good, that's yeah. That's a harmful stereotype that Asians only whisper. Yeah. But all right. Is It, is it offensive if you do like a, like a Asian voice, but it's not words that you just made up.


Like how do you say it? How do you, like if I'm quoting an already Asian accent? Yeah. I think it's totally fair to do that. Yeah. And hilarious. I, because I don't know, it's, I think it's a hilarious bit. I guess it's pretty racist. I don't know. This is what, I don't think it's racist to say the talk like other people talk. Well I just I just, I mean like, the bit was probably racist. Oh yeah. Yeah. But this is like, I, I grew up watching family guy, very little parental supervision. But there's that scene, it always makes me laugh. And it might be wrong to laugh at it, I don't know. But it just, it makes me laugh. It's one of those family guy cutaways and it's like an Asian dude going up at the Apollo to an all black crowd.


And he's just like, how everybody doing tonight? He's like, you have two black guy going your store. He's like, one go one way, one go the other And, he is like, what they doing? What they stealing? Who with me? And it's like an all black crowd and they're just like, boo fuck this Guy. That's a hilarious dude. And The dude just gets pissed. Like, he's like, oh, you stay at my store. I remember your face. That's hilarious. That Right? That's genuinely hilarious. That's a very funny, but Is it racist? Yeah, but it's funny enough to where like, you know, it's one of those things where it's like if it with, with racial humor, if it's not funny, it sucks. 'cause then everyone's kind of like, oh man, It is Just straight or racist When it's funny. It's just like you're taking a thing and just kind of like, you know, elevating it to like a very funny level.


But, but at that point it's like, what makes it funny? I I I have an idea of like what my rule is for like does it qualify as funny? Yeah. But I think everybody has a different rule or whatever, like a different, See I think a black person watching that would be laughing. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. If you see like a Chinese guy just doing that and like get outta my story. It's like, I think, yeah, I think that's funny. I think of a joke, whether it be on TV or like in person or whatever. I think of a joke if like 50% of the people in the room hearing that joke laugh. Like, it's funny. Yeah. Like you, you lost like, not that you lost the right to like say how you felt about it, but like at if if 50, if half the room laughs Yeah.


You have to admit like, all right, like it's more funny than It is offensive or whatever. For sure. You Know? Yeah. You're making people laugh. It's a beautiful, it's a wonderful thing to laugh. So it's like, if you can take something, you know, like that and then just turn it into something very funny that causes people joy. It's like, yeah, You should definitely do that. Hell Yeah. Right. Yeah. I But the problem with the race stuff is when people, in my opinion, when they just be like, I know people are gonna get mad and I'm gonna say this and it's not funny and it's not like a moral thing I have against it. I'm like, that just sucks. It's like, make it funny. Yeah. It's better when people are like, watch me say this. And it's like, cool Man. One of my buddies didn't like South Park when we were kids. 'cause he used to, he thought it was racist towards Mexicans, but that buddy also didn't even speak Spanish.


So I'm like, bro, you You are, you're not even a full Mexican here. Like yeah, you're racist. But yeah, I South Park's so funny, man. That's that's Crazy. Even like when, when they're like, they, they pay the illegals to write their essays. Yeah. And, they wrote their literal like friends. They're like, oh, see, I wrote my essay. Like, but that's funny bro. Like, That's So funny, funny, funny. Like, I, yeah, No, if it makes you laugh, it's good. But yeah, I've recently I, I had like a kind of like a, not like a crisis, but I started to be like, I don't know if I even like doing standup anymore. And then like, I like was like, I was like, I'll do it. I'll go do it on the weekend. And now I've, I've hit a place where I'm like, yeah, I, I find it like absolutely essential.


Yeah. Just for like my state, like my wellbeing. That that's, that's kind of like gotta be tough too, is when you're being honest with yourself about something like that. Yeah. I mean, you, you dedicated so much time and effort to getting good at standup and you go from bombing to like finally doing good and it takes you months, years and stuff. But then to finally be like, I don't want, it feels like the for is Gump when he, when he got tired of running, he's like, yeah. He's like, all right, like, I'm tired now. I'm gonna go home now. Well I I just having little kids and I'm like, ah, I don't wanna be away. I can podcast and not be away from home. Yeah. And then I'd slope up on the standup and get miserable and I, I didn't know what was going on. I was like miserable for a couple weeks and then I I just didn't do standup for like three weeks. It helped out. And then I did it like the last two nights and I just felt like I was just, I had my pep in my step.


I was like, oh, I didn't know I actually had to do that. Did Rick Rubin tell you to do that? No, I didn't. I never finished his book either. To be fair. To be fair, I didn't finish his book. I love it and I love the idea of it, but yeah, after a couple chapters you're like, yeah, I think I get the point here. I agree though. I feel like I gotta have a balance of like, I gotta spend time with my son. You know what I mean? Yeah. But I also gotta like fucking go do some standup. But if I, if I dive to deep into one or the other, I'll start to like fucking tick inside a little bit. No, you're absolutely right, man. And it's one of those things I, this is what I tell myself. It's like, because I've always, I would get guilty and be like, I should just get a fucking regular job and be here all the time. But it's like, then I'd be miserable and I'd be like, mean to my kids. I think about that too.


Yeah. It's like if I stopped doing that, I'd just be a miserable fucking dickhead and just scream at them. I'd do it anyway. True. But it's like, how much more would you, how much more would you do it Though? I started punching my son Just, oh Yeah. I used to, my buddy moved out to New York, my buddy that I started doing comedy around the same time as him. He moved out to New York early on and so I'd always go crash on his couch. I stay out there for a few weeks and just try to go get spots and stuff and felt like it helped me get better. And as things started taking off for me, my son was around like the three, four age and it wasn't too hard to like take off because he was, he was living with his mom and like, I could still get my days and I can go stay in New York and just focus on standup and whatever.


But now, you know, he's five, he's in school And, he's with me during the week. Yeah. He's with me a lot more. I, it, it might've been like some months ago already, I took a trip out to New York to like try to like stay there for a couple weeks and work out material. And I was just like, bro, fuck the material. Like yeah, you don't wanna go be with my kid. Yeah, exactly. I'm Hanging out with like funny people but also Hanging out with people who are like, just kind of, kind of like still not dads. Yeah, exactly. And I just had to like, come to terms with like, bro, I'm a fucking dad now. Like I just have to accept who I am. Yeah. It is a process dude. Especially 'cause they, I feel like standup and I, I wonder if you feel this way. They're like standup and having kids, it almost feels sometimes like diametric like completely opposed where you're like, you It is like, yeah, but It is tough, like maintaining both of them.


'cause you're right though, if you do all of one, if you're like, I'm not doing any of this shit. I'm like, I'm just gonna be, you know, a dad and focus on that. You do have to do both. But yeah, that, like, I, I try to tell people, I'm like, dude, getting away for a week is like a devastator on my kids, man. When I'm away for like the entire week, they're like, fucks him up, Bro. My son starts acting a donkey. Yeah, dude. Yeah dude, they get bad. He loses respect for everybody in the house, you know? I know my daughters get so bad if I'm gone for more than three days. They're just, they like, stop listening to their mom. It's pretty bad. Yeah. And then, and then like, they don't want to admit my family or even his mom doesn't want to admit that. It's like, you know, he misses me. Yeah. But it's what It is. Yeah.


But you can't, you have to do, you have to be what You are though. 'cause if you're, if you try to like, become something totally different, have you ever tried in your life to be like, fuck, stand up. I'm just gonna Yeah. Square up and get like, my regular job One time. I, I like quit for like a day. Yeah. I had like a good amount of little opening gigs here and there. Local stuff, bar shows, and just was having a, a really stressful time. A lot of arguments. And just one day I just called everybody who I was gonna either open for or like, whatever gigs I had locally. And I just canceled all of them. It's really dramatic. Just, I was gonna quit before I even really had like a start, you know?


And write a Facebook post, be like, I'm no longer doing standup anymore. Ah. I never got that gig. I know, I know. But you see people, you see people do that. They formally quit standup. And you're like, all right man. That's if you, If you Yeah. I just for those, if you ever wrote a Facebook post about how you're quitting standup, you never really started standup, bro. Shut the fuck up. Like, I just like to let everybody know. It's like, it's funny, I'm won't open mics anymore. But yeah, I just did that for like a day. But then the next day I was just like, I called everybody back. I was like, Hey, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I quit for, Yeah, I wanna, I want to come back. I tried for like months at a time and I just would become miserable, man.


I would like try to get jobs and I just, you feel like a fucking alien. And the longer you do standup that like, when you try to like work in an office, you just feel weird. And then it's sad. 'cause you go like, people are like, oh, you used to do standup. And you're like, yeah, But did you purposely choose like the saddest possible job? Like that's all I could get. I couldn't get anything else. It was like, I, I, I grew up doing construction and then like, I went to college and then like, I worked in an office. My dad was always like, get an office job. It's to shit, you're in the air conditioning. And then I got in an office and I'm like, this is fucked. Did you ever work in an office before? It's fucked up, Dude. Sounds boring. It's unbelievably boring and it's, everybody's doing nothing. I've, I made it like, I think four months at one internship and then I, I lasted three weeks in another office and that I have like a short experience with it, but dude, it's like, it's really fucked up.


Everyone's doing nothing. Everyone's pretending to work. And then there's this like, big hierarchy where you're getting, like, I'll get emails in all caps. They're like to let 'em know they were mad at me. And I'd be like, a dude's like right there. And I'd be like, What, the Fuck is your Car. Yeah, Yo, you got a problem, Joe. Damn, for real. I'd be like, What, the Fuck is your, but I did, I I was at an office and there, there was a guy, He was like a high up partner. And. he, he like, there was like this big dramatic thing where he broke away from like his other partners in this office. And his name was like Marissa Mo. He had like, some name that was just, and like I had to go to his Google email and delete a, I think it was illegal. I think he, like, they wanted to delete proof that of like something that they had. So I had to delete shit outta his email.


But then I pulled up his Google chat and I was like chatting up other people from the office asking him. And my boss found out and sent me an email saying, I was like, I hit up my, like I had like the big boss and I had like my direct boss and I hit him up. I'd be like, what are you doing? He'd be like, Hey, what's up? Reasonable? Like, Bro, I, I got a bottle in my room. I'm kind of lonely if you want. And then he thought it was funny. He told me like, Yo hit up this guy. Hit up that guy. And then eventually my, like the, the boss of the bosses found out and sent me the all caps like, do not use chat feature while using Maurice. It's like, it's fucked up man. It's like there was a guy in there who would be like, I'm not gonna talk to any of you unless you close a deal.


And. he would walk in every, he came in only once a week from New York. He wasn't gonna talk to you. He wouldn't talk to you or acknowledge your presence Unless you closed the deal. Unless you closed the deal. So if you said, Like, was you rewarded with his presence? He Sucked too. Yeah. He was such a dickhead. So like, he would come in and like the guy next to me, He was like, dude, I just wanna like, make a good impression and talk to him. And his sister also worked there. She was also like one of our bosses. And she, she was like, I can get like you like a face to face if you want. And the dude set it up, dude through his sister. And the guy came into our office like, Hey man, how you doing? It was, I, dude, It was It is like a shitty meet and greet. Yeah, dude. It was Awkward. It was really fucking awkward. Yeah, dude, I'm telling you, office life, I have like a serious thing against it.


And I think it like for real gives people brain damage. I never, I never took advantage of like the, I guess jobs I could have had. I always just, I always went to like work with illegals. Yeah. I had my first job when I was 12 at like, I was, I was a dishwasher. My buddy's family at a restaurant, that dude over there. Oh nice. And so we're just washing dishes and with his uncles and like working in the kitchen, you know? Yep. So then I did that. Or I, or I'd go, my dad had a couple different businesses. He had a body shop. So I'd go sand cars in the shop where there was no like code requirements be Yeah. You do whatever the fuck you want. Yeah. There's Like pictures of naked ladies in mechanic shops. There was Oh, a lot of, Yeah.


Yeah. Dude, it's like that far off. Then you go to an office and you're like, you think you can talk pussy with someone at work? 'cause that's all, it's in construction. If you get pussy, you tell everyone. So I would go in and like, tell my office mate, like, I got pussy last night. And then the, the lady who was like, the boss would be like, you can't talk like that. All Caps email coming your way. All Caps, email cooking. One up being like You are not allowed to talk. Refrain from referring to the activities prior to nothing. Like, dude. But I, I, I grew up around these types of jobs. So by the time I was of like working age, like 16 and I went to work at McDonald's, even that was too corporate for me. Yeah. They're like, I got to like talk to the fucking customers. I was like, can I just wash the dishes? And they're like, no, you're not old enough to do that. I'm like, fuck.


You'd be Surprised I'm out. Yeah, true. Yeah. I've been doing this from a young age. Yeah, it does. Working construction does kind of throw you off for the rest of the job market. Like, I saw my dad, or not my, it wasn't my dad, it was someone, it was like one of my uncle's, like, actually I didn't see this. I was there. They had a guard dog and the dog tried to bite me and a couple other customers. It was like a big trash yard. Oh shit. And I came in like, you know, you'd go to work, like I'd go to work with my dad, like, you know, another Saturday like months later would pop up and I get to go. And I was like, where's the dog And? he is like, he shot it, he like shot the dog. He just killed it. Yeah. That's Like, I, you tell people that and they're kind of like, that's fucked. You were like, that's how we did all caps emails in my, that's how Yeah. Where I come from. Baby Michael shot the dog.


He just like took it in the back and was like, p Damn dude. He was Like, that's fucked up. I'm like, it was trying to bite. No, try to bite me. I was a child. But also working in those types of settings where like, I'm just me and a bunch of Mexican dudes. I think I, if, if I, if I hadn't heard this, I may, I maybe would've just been stuck there and never taken advantage of the fact that I was like born in the States and like, had have an education. But I was working at a body shop and this dude, one time I was maybe like 20 and one of the dudes told me in Spanish, he's just like, he's like, Hey man, you don't, you don't have papers. I was like, nah. Yeah, I was, I was born here And. he was just like, oh. He's like, well you didn't finish school.


I said, yeah, I finished school. I have a, I have a diploma. Yeah. I was like, I even got a semester of community college. You know, like, yeah. He's like, oh. He's like, then why do you work here? Yeah. And I was just like, oh shit. Like this dude, this dude's trying to tell me something here. Like, you know, because I think that that guy had kids around my age and I remember going to one of theirs, like graduation party and And, he was also telling me about that he is just like, you know, like you could do more stuff. Yeah. Like, you know, English You are educated like fucking do stuff. Get the fuck outta here. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's all, that's how my dad always was too. He was like, don't, because you get, when you're younger, you get hooked to the money of like, kind of like construction or like autobody.


'cause you do get paid more than you would anywhere else. As a young kid that, that I always had people like, don't get hooked to the money man. Just like, because eventually your body gets all fucked up. Well I Think I feel like I would get hooked to the hang. The Hang is sick dude. Yeah. The hangs so good. The I just liked working in places where like, I got along with the people. The hangs too good. And there's also, dude, there's a, you just meet characters too. Like, there's not a lot of, in an office it's a, it real, there's not a lot of like characters in an office where you're like, damn, this is like the funniest dude I've ever met. It's like when you're on like a construction site or like an autobody shop if You're funny. Yeah, they're hilarious. Yeah. If you're the funny guy in an office, you, you must be like, pretty funny. But work somewhere where like you can get dirty and like really fuck around. You know? It's Unbelievable.


Hold, hold like a old piece of like pipe and act like it's your dick. You know what I mean? You can't do that in an office. Or like, I'd see people fist fight in an, in like a construction job. Oh yeah. Boss would be like, knock, get the fuck off. And met you two shake hands and it was just like, you Right. Back to work. P this is, this is gonna sound like a little weird, but Hanging out with like these racist country dudes at the construction job I had. And I only had this job for about maybe six months. And these guys would say some pretty racist shit. Yeah. But never to me or like my Mexicans. Yeah. That I worked with.


Like, it was weird being around people who were like racist but still like respectful. And at first I'm like, bro, is there fucking problem? I don't wanna work dudes, man, fuck them. Like, I'm not gonna be at this. But it was funny. Yeah. Like, Not that the racism was funny, but these were funny dudes. One of them had like this boom hower thing when he'd get mad. They, now, there were these three brothers and I, and I, I can't remember which one was which, which might be racist of me. 'cause one was Joe, one was John, and the other one was like Jim. I swear to God. And I can't remember which one this one was, but he cussed the most And, he, he would get mad because we got to a job site one day where they were supposed to be digging, looking for like a, some line And.


they couldn't find it. And it was just like, the hole should have been like a few feet over to their side. So we had to start digging there. And we were working under Joe that day. And I just remember him being mad. He's like, man, I get tired of this old chicken shit. Bullshit. God fucking bullshit. Goddamn man. I just like, oh shit. Joe's mad, bro. He is doing the Boha thing. Another guy there, another a young dude, he might've been around my age or maybe the youngest dude named Shannon. And the other dudes would get mad at him because He was like lazy. But that guy was hilarious. He was just, we were working at a, at like a fucking, like a, like a steel some, some place where they have those big metal ovens. It like metal. Oh like a foundry where you're like, Mel, I don't even know if that's what it's called, but you're like, melt the steel down.


Yeah. They're Doing shit like that. Right. Damn. So we'd go eat lunch outside and there's all these people there, And, they were really strict there. They're like, don't fuck around in front of the people who worked there and all that shit. Like, and this dude, Shannon would just walk by everybody with his ass out. It Is just like hard hat glasses, And. he just like, he just pull his pants down and cover his dick with his hands. Like we were just like, What the Fuck. And Joe's brother was this dude, I think it was John and I might be confusing him. It might have been the other way, but John and Joe, he didn't cuss at all. Like he, he would like try his best not to cuss, but it's just funny hearing him get mad at Shannon. 'cause he's just like, what the crud, what the dude is, put your butt back in your pants and it's What.


The Fuck. Like, I dunno, that's, I, I always Felt like there was a delicate ecosystem of like racism on construction sites where like everyone would kind of fuck with each other. But then if like somebody kind of crossed a line or was being like malicious, it would be like, dude, fucking get outta here. 'cause I would get cornered. So I would, I was in the laborers union for a little bit and in Philly it, it's mostly so the whole like to like paint the whole picture. My dad and his brothers did demolition then they, or they had, they did trash And, they started a demolition company. So in order to work for my dad once like the union started bothering him, I had to join the union so I could work for my dad. So I was in the laborers union, but it was mostly like me and other black, like all black guys doing that. But there was like, like everyone would fuck with each other.


Like the white guys would say shit about this and that. But I would get like, there'd be another white laborer, And. he would like corner me. I guess he didn't know. Like I was just working for my dad And. he would like take me aside and just be like, bro, these motherfuckers are And. he would just, He would go in like, He would go in like hard and I'd be like, dude, fucking, okay. No. I remember the day I realized I was working with like, like some real racist dude because I, at first I'm like that I can't all be like that. Right. You know, maybe like just these couple guys here, I'm just like, ah, fuck those guys. I don't wanna be around them. Somebody who was like a higher, well I mean everybody was higher up than me in there, but somebody who had like real, I guess like a real position. Somebody who would bring us material, be in charge of job sites.


Yeah. I don't wanna say his name, but it's just nice, nice older guy. He might even be retired by now or he dead. I don't know. Yeah. But he was cool with me. Like, so man, it'd be like fucking a hundred degrees out there. And sometimes he'd be like, he'd be like, Hey. He's like, come on, let's go to Home Depot. And out of, out of everybody on the job site, I got to fucking take a break in the ac, just go help him carry shit. He was an old man, you know, like, just help him carry shit. And then one day there was like this big lunch with like, everybody from the company we I just met up. 'cause there's like some restaurant they like to go to. Yeah. And we were working pretty close to it. And we all met up there and I heard him say like some real racist shit.


And I remember just thinking like, oh man. Like I thought you were different. Yeah. And, but yeah, after that Was it really? It was really bad. Yeah, it was pretty bad. I don't wanna repeat it. Yeah. Yeah. That, that was the thing. There was like, people would, it was the same thing. Like people would joke with each other and I'm like, oh, this is funny. And then you would get, a guy would corner you and you'd be like, oh, you wanna like kill these guys? I'm like, dude, you gotta chill. Yeah. That was also a fun thing I would do when someone would get like very like corner me, like, can't believe we're working with these fucking animals. I'd be like, dude, we should fucking kill 'em. They'd be like, whoa, hold On man. I'll Do it. You just go way higher. You're like, I do it to everyone politically And. They're like, Trump, they spazz on Trump. I'm like, we should kill this whole fucking family. No, I don't want to do all that. I'm like, all right, leave the fuck outta this. Nah, I heard them, I heard them say just one too many remarks one day.


So I was just like, ah, yeah, I probably don't wanna work here no more. He's probably feeling you out. He wanted to know if he can make like a proper Yeah. Racist out of it. I, I left and I think they might've thought that like, I would say something. Yeah. 'cause I put in a two weeks notice, And, they offered me a raise, like a, like a really good raise. Really. They were like, ah, come on. Just, He was grooming you dude. I, I sucked at that job. Like He was grooming you to say the N word, But what was fucked up is that they were saying shit about Mexicans too here and there. Oh really? Yeah. And that's why I was just like, bro, like this is, this is too much. Like this is how you guys are gonna work up here. Like, fuck This. Fuck And. he wouldn't even look at you and be like, excuse me? Or was he trying to like joke or was he just trying That guy, that guy never heard him say nothing about Mexicans, but a couple of other guys.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And but, and it was fucked up because the things they said were always worse towards black people. Yeah. And that's why like I've, I've been in rooms where like maybe Mexicans and black people are like, who's had it worse? And I'm always like, bro, stop. Like, black people had it way where don't do this. Like, I spoke. Every group does that though. My family's all Irish and it's like, bro, we got oppressed by the English for 800 fucking years. Which Mr. True. But yeah, it's, yeah. They kind of take the crown. I give 'em the crown for, for pain suffering in the US when I took off, they, I, I feel like maybe that's why they tried to do that, where they're just like, Hey wait, you know, more money. You know? Yeah, yeah. If you, if you shut up.


And I was like, ah, I just don't want nothing to do with you guys. Yeah. Although I have seen some of the most vicious racism I've seen has been American black people versus African workers on the, on the job sites. That's a serious beef. Yeah. Oh my god. Dude. American black people and Africans are like, you think they'd be buddies but they're, they're like, I feel like that's like when like I'm like an American white guy. If I see like a British person, I'm like, What The Fuck pu fuck Pussy What. the Fuck is your deal. I think American black people see African people. I think that's how like Mexicans from Mexico see like Hispanics from Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Will never be Mexican to them. Exactly. They're kind of like, yeah, you're from some weird ass country. We're the real deal Dude. Me and my buddy Hyman, we would change the radio when we were kids.


Like just, there's like a lot of Mexican love songs playing. We changed the radio to just like, whatever, you know what I mean? Just like some pop some hip hop water. And no matter what we put around the other Mexican dude, she'd be like, ah, like you faggots STOs. It's Like, what? Like, Bro, just because you wanna listen to some pops. Yeah, just because I wanted to change the music. Like now we're gay. Like, like they would give me, bro be like, and I do respect the machi, but I think I could say pound for pound. Mexican dudes have the highest machismo and I'm kind of for it. I think it's kind of sick. I, man, but it sucks when you're the one getting like that. Yeah. So fucking Yeah, it's tough. It's oppressive. I I've worked that they were always my favorite.


If I had to pick a ga like a group of people in a workplace and I, I'm not just saying this 'cause you're here. I think Mexican people were like, my go-to the hang is so nice, bro. Just babes on phones like, Yo, check out this babe. I'm like, yeah babe's nice. Check out this babe. And it's fucking around the whole time. I know they could get, But then, but now like they, they created, they made me into like a mean bastard sometimes. Like when I was a kid, if, if I'd be like at a family party or something and I'd be like, oh man, it's cold. Like my uncles, my grandpas would be like, It is mo head, you're a woman. It Is like, don't be a woman. I'm like, god damn bro. I am cold though. It's like, we're outside bro. It's fucking, I see my breath, you Know, like You're not supposed, you're supposed, you're not supposed to acknowledge it.


It's crazy. Yeah, They're fucking nuts bro. But now I kind of do that too, where like, yeah, I travel with my buddies who do standup with me or whatever, and I'll hear one of them complain about something. I'm just like, you fucking woman, little Bitch. Yeah. It is tight though. I, I do, I don't know, it just makes me laugh. It makes me, My buddy's like, bro, my dad just got cancer. I'm like, ah, he's being a woman. Fucking Bitch. Shut the fuck up. What you gay hot? Yeah. I, well shit man. I think we're at, yeah, we're at an hour and 38 brother. I I don't hold you up here all day. Where can people catch you? Do you have anything you wanna plug or you Just, man, I got tour dates I just don't remember where, but for sure follow me on Instagram at Ralph Barbosa zero three or check out my website for tour dates@barbosacomedy.com.


I think I'm pretty funny. So gimme some money. Very funny, bro. Dude, I love your shit. I watch, I watch a lot of your clips online. I appreciate it. Fucking funny. Thank you so much. So Thanks for doing this, dude. You're the man. Thanks for having me, man. All right, brother. Later man. Later.