
We're live soccer. Thank You, dude. Thank. You for coming. Thank You for having me. Obviously I your setup this fun. Thank You is fun. Yeah, man. Thank You. It's, it's, It's since I'm in politics, you know, I kind of think I, that's what I'm saying. I, I've, I, I vibe with the set more. I think. I think it's a good look for you too, dude. I think you look good on the really think I don't, there's something about, See now I feel really self-conscious. I should have worn my suit. The only reason I didn't is 'cause I'm going out after this, you know? I'm like gonna be up out of the town for sure. Yeah. You don't wanna be walking around Austin, Texas in a suit, Just sweating in a suit. I did it yesterday after Lex Friedman's podcast and I was getting a lot of looks. Do you guys both wore suits? Yes, we both wore suits. That's right. That's kind of nice. Yeah. But He's just the black suit. His is different. Yeah. He has like a uniform. He does. And I like to change it up. He's Like an alien fighter. Yeah. He dresses like Will Smith and Men and Black. Exactly. It it's kind of, there's something nice about that.


I've always wanted to do the Steve Jobs thing where I wear the same thing every day. You could do it. I Think you could do it. I feel like I could, I know one guy who's been wearing all white for seven years and I might Jackie swag In comedy. Do you think it is useful to have a uniform or No? Because I notice that comedians have been getting very like, fashion forward. Yeah. And sometimes I'll go to a set and I'll be like, honestly, what he is wearing is kind of distracting me right now. Yeah. I don't understand why I mean I, I have like a loose uniform. It's just jeans usually These sneakers. Yeah. And I just switch a plain color T-shirt. That's fine. See that? That's not just, yeah. That's like, that's comfortable. I could see that working, but sometimes they'll, I'll see these guys in like crazy ass Gucci stuff. Yeah. I, dude, you're, I'm blinded by you right now. I can't even hear what you're saying. I, I Never understood that too. 'cause it's like, dude, you're supposed to be making people laugh.


You tell me. I it's your, it's your profession. I, I don't, I don't know what it is. I see people go way fashion forward on the stage and I'm kind of like, dude, you're kind of, it's like a distraction. Totally. Thank You. And nobody care. Nobody Glads. I totally agree. It's like nobody cares. Your job here is to play the fool. Like you're trying to dress like a cool guy. It's like, I I think it detracts. I I'm with you man. I'm with you. I think it detracts if I, if I ever wear anything that is remotely eye catching, I'll think about it on stage the entire time. Really? I can't. Yeah. It took me forever to, this is my ordering. It's just for tracking my biometrics. It took me forever. I would meet every, every person I met. I'd be like, I'm usually not a touring guy. You Are the only AA ring person I know. Who's a guy. I know. It's a Well, they track their periods. I know. That's why every the women I know is like, they're obsessed with period tracking.


So how does, how does it feel to be a guy wearing an ora ring? Well, Me and Nick, what do you even get outta the me and Nicks X from three 11? I'm not the only guy. Three 11 wears Oaring too. Like Real men. Real men wear whoop straps. Okay. Whoop. Straps are cool. But here's the thing, sleeping with something on my wrist, I I get it. Detract my sleep. Yeah. My sleep is way up. Sleep with this. You can sleep with this. I'm just too clunky on my hand. I mean Is too clunky on your Hand. It's too clunky. I tried doing the Apple Watch sleep and it's just, I can't get with it. And I'll tell you, when I got my wedding ring, it took me months to get used to this shit. Yeah. I just, I mean even now, I'm always like this. Yep. I felt, I noticed subconsciously Twisting around, banging on shit. Yeah. I felt weird for the longest time. And then now if I don't have it on, I feel like a right, like a naked boy. Do you ever get terrifying that you're gonna rip your finger off? I think about that all the time. How Are you gonna rip your finger off?


I don't know. Like the, the trunk or something. Like something will catch just exactly the right way. Oh, You are gonna come into it like That. Yeah. Yeah. And your entire finger is gonna be completely ripped Off. Then it's, well look, if you rip your ring finger off, then it's on. You can do whatever you want. You'd be like, bro, my bad. What do you even tell your wife? Put the ring on the nub. Yeah. It's like I lost my ring. You just cheat on her all the time. You don't have a ring finger. Like, I'm match babe. I don't have a ring finger. It's gone. Our vowels are over. Yeah. If you lose that finger, you're a batch. You're a bachelor. That's Good. I like that. Wait, you know, remember those rules in the two thousands? I love watching, you know, two thousands movies or actually 1990s, like American Pie, when they're like, it's not cheating if you're in, not in the same zip code.


Oh Yeah. And rewatching it 25 year laser, 25 years later. You're like, that makes no fucking sense. You're like, whatcha talking? Like, how was this conventional wisdom in 2001 that The hall pass was big one? Like Hall pass. Hall pass. Who the, that was a, there was a whole friends episode. I be like, what's your hall pass? And I'll like, but that's not real. Yeah. It's just totally fake. Yeah. You're you're, Yeah. Fucking a lady in a hotel room. Like stop acting like it's a cute thing to do. Yeah. I was literally just thinking about hall passes yesterday. I was like, they tried to push that for a little bit. They Were like, it was a huge hall Pass. Two thousands trope as if all relationships functioned on, if you're not in separate area codes, You are not married or you're engaged. Hall passes were apparently an allegedly a thing. What else was there? There was Like work work, wife work wife work work Wife was a huge Thing.


That's right. That shit pisses me off. Yeah. I don't like that stuff at all. The Entire work wife concept is fucking weird, you know? Yes. I understand how it arises, but it's like, it's not your work wife. You're cheating on your wife. Exactly. You're having an emotional relationship. You are having an emotional affair That's going to bleed over. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Things were weird in the nineties. Things were, Were weird. They were, and there was also in the nineties, it was like very in vogue. We talked about this before, but it was like very in vogue to like jail bait. The concept of like having sex with underage women was just like, like, yo bro, I jail Bad. That was a big, that's another big American pie thing too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean man re they don't age well, but they are still hilarious. Dude, they're so funny. They should remake and they should do it again. They, we need, what was the last one? American Wedding. Is that what it I I lost track.


American Pie. I saw that. That was like a huge thing to see when I was younger. I, I kind of jumped off that and hangover. I didn't really follow the Hangover as well. So good comedy's, they stopped making comedy movies for the most Part. Yeah. The whole reason I'm here is 'cause Shane is filming Title So I. So I. Now it's just the emergency. It's re-emerging and that that technically is a show. The comedy, the Great American comedy. There was like the Farley Brothers. All these people, But, you don't have, they don't, you don't have like a comedy in the theaters. Well, and the weirdest thing too is that the director Todd Phillips I mean he made so many of those movies that I love Old school. He made, what else did he make? He made Road Trip, I think. Yeah. Which is an incredible film. Road trip. Road trip's. Nice. Yeah. Road Trip is so good. But now, and then he did The Hangover. He became Filthy Rich. But then he just made, he made the Joker movie and then he made Joker two, which is adorable.


It's Like a total disaster, dude. Why did they, why did they do that? I don't know. I mean the Galaxy Brain Case. Tarantino had a really good quote and he's like, joker is Todd Phillips saying, you know, the way he talks. He's like, yeah, joker is Todd Phillips saying way of saying fuck you to the audience. And and that's why it's brilliant. And I was like, I don't know. Tarantino, I think you're Galaxy braining yourself and doubt that this shitty movie is actually really good. Yeah, it sucks. Like Yeah, it's just bad. It's just empirically Bad. I know. Even, even though to be like, yeah. 'cause it, for me, I always think of like the mo like the I guess if you're already, you have that track record. Yeah. It's like people will still invest in you. Well that's the thing is fuck you money. And honestly, he's a super weird dude. One of my favorite books I read about Hollywood was Molly's Game actually also became a movie, which is a good movie.


I think it's on Netflix. And it's about that girl who ran this high stakes poker game in, in Hollywood. But I ended up reading the book and I found out Toby McGuire is a complete and total psycho. So Toby, what? Yeah, I had no idea. So Toby was part of the quote unquote Pussy Posse. He was Pus Posse. So I knew that. But then I'm reading about these weird psychological mind games that he would play in the book. And he would, at one point he had a quote where he is like, poker is not about winning. Poker is about destroying people's souls. And he would string people along and bring them and get them into debt. And he was constantly charging this girl, the girl who ran the games and he was fucking with her and her livelihood.


And he would take the game. He's a multi-hundred millionaire or whatever, right? Yeah. Yeah. And he's constantly, he's, he's charging her for using his automatic shuffling just weird power game shit. Like hot, like true Hollywood. He's like an evil nerd. Yeah. He's like an evil nerd. He's psycho. What the fuck? Reading that book, I was like, dude, You are an actual psychopath. Like, and this sebi kiss the jockey. That's, that's Spider-Man. That's all I know about this guy. I was like, oh man, this is, well He's probably upset. His parents died when he was younger and he had to become like superhero got bit by spider. He's Got that. And then, yeah, the more I learned, and Todd Phillips was in the book too. That's what made me think it. He's He was totally, so this is all like, so weirdo, a biographer basically like digging into these people? No, she wrote the book. She was like, my journey running that high. Oh, this is what he was doing.


States poker game. Gotcha. You got you. Gotcha. You. She was like the assistant to some rich Hollywood. Fuck. And he brought her to run the games. And then so she got in with like Toby McGuire. Apparently Leo came and Toby got Leo to come and Pussy Buzzy. Yeah. Yeah. But Leos also apparently like didn't talk to anybody and just put his headphones on the entire time while he was playing poker. Dude, I've heard a headphones story about Leo. I was gonna Say that's so, so that's What Reminded me of the other Do. You Know. The song Do You Know. The song he listens to. No, what is it? Oh dude, it's a fuck. Time to pretend He listens to time to retained sex while Like sex. Someone who's wearing like basically This extremely young women I mean, look, I don't get it. I mean Time to pretend. Dude, what an what? She's 27. It's time to pretend she's 27, but she's No younger.


What's, What's the call, Leo? I'm saying he's 18, he's pretending. Oh, that's right. He's trying to pretend that she's 18. He's trying to pretend she's 27, but she is 18. The whole thing is very strange. The Leo thing. I don't get it. I love Leo. He's such an incredible actor. He's fantastic. He's got great instincts. He's actually very, very smart guy. But yeah, his personal life, it's weird. I think we need to call a spade a spade. It it is. And it's also one of those things where I think Bill Barr is like another avowed kind of like, yeah, I fucked 19 year olds and I'm 65. And he's like, no, he's Older than that. I think he's like 67, bro. He's, he might even, he might be pushing 70 actually. Really? Yeah. Yeah. And he, it's another one where it's like, yeah, it's, it is weird. It is definitely weird, dude. 'cause it's, the mental difference is crazy. Yeah. I mean we're talking like order, like statistical, like, like think about how many standard deviations of what You Are.


It's like a vampire. That person. It's like you're an immortal vampire at that point. You're 70 talking to an 18-year-old to 18-year-old girl. Yeah. You're kind of babysitting her. Absolutely. You are. Yeah. There's no question. I don't Know, man. And if it's like, dude, like you could be like, oh, I can make a, you know, I can make a geometric case for their breasts. It's like, All, right dude. Well God, like dude, just stop being such a perfect Go jack off, dude. You don't have to date an 18-year-old. Just go jerk off. You don't have to like, try to make it a lifestyle. Look, see, I love this because this is a very just natural way of us. Like, you know, bringing ourselves to being like, yeah, you know, there's actually really something about You should just get married, bro. Like, just get married, be normal. Being normal is good. It's actually a good thing. People aren't normal. Are fucking weirdos. And I mean, you know, you and I are in a unique position where you actually probably eventually get to meet some of these famous people that you see or other, or you get to, you just hear little things that are not the public and you're like, oh yeah, there's a real cost of this, isn't there?


You're like, and I'm like, I'm not really sure you want, I'm like, I don't wanna fuck with this. This is not the way that I choose to live my life. And I don't really wanna be a So That. Well dude, there comes a point where you're either involved in this, like, you know, 'cause Yeah, you're absolutely right. 'cause you, you, you get to like, you know, they're like the rarefied air of like Hollywood and all this stuff. And it does turn into like a diabolical power game. And it's like we all have those instincts to participate in some level, but there are people who give their entire lives to like, you know, like looking at another guy's car. Yes. Or be being like, he got what project fucking motherfucker. Yeah. It's real. Where's my 19-year-old girlfriend? I need to fucking need a pussy. Right. Outta contact. It seems real like weird consumerist, like idolatry of the self. Yes. And it's like everything that I've learned, you know, in life is just like, all of that is horrible.


And it's bad. Yeah. There's a good political, you know, thing to this too. If you stay in Washington, the thing is, lots of people who are young come to Washington, 22, 23 years old, wide-eyed, bushy-tailed, all of that. Most people burn out by 27. So, I, AMM like in my mid thirties now. And so I'm in the cohort, like we made it like the people who actually got the job stayed in the lifestyle and all that. But this is also, you know, there's this cringe show about how I met your mother. And there's a very important concept that Barney lays out in that show where he's like relationships. And I think life is like this have off ramps like an exit where it's like relationships is like one year, three year, five year, 10 year 25, something like that. You're, and if you look statistically he's not wrong. Yeah. In terms of like when divorces and breakups and all that stuff happen.


But for Yeah. For like professional DC or honestly any career where it requires you to give fucking everything to it. Yeah. But then you start to see one of the most important pieces of advice I got was like, look at where You are and then look at the guy who's 10 years in that same path. And I was in the White House briefing room for example, and I was looking around, I'm like, wait a second. I'm like, I don't wanna be any of you people. Yeah. I'm Like, I need to get the fuck outta here. Yeah. I'm like, this is, I'm like, if we're on this track, I'm like, this is a bad track. We Gotta get out. What was, what was the White House briefing? What do you, what would was that like when you sit and ask questions at like the thing? Yeah. That's where, well, I didn't even get to sit. I had to stand like a bitch in the corner, but, Excuse me. So you're like, just yelling questions. It's horrible man. Yeah. So actually I'm hopeful with the new administration that we can change some of this up.


So the way it works is that the White House corresponds association is like a cartel. And even though it's unofficial, they run everything. So all the briefing room seats are assigned by the White House Corresponds association. Gotcha. I was working for the Daily collar at the time, which is a conservative media outlet. And if you want a seat, you have to apply. And applying takes years to get a new seat. And so if you don't have a seat, then obviously you have to get there early So I would get there hours early ahead of time just to be able to stand in the, in the, in the hallway, like on the side. And you're literally crammed in up against like all these different people. There's all this jockeying and there's like foreigners. It's Like the stock market kind in A way. It's literally, it, it's like a movie. Right. And then you just sit there and you kind of like poke your hand. I was lucky 'cause I'm tall.


So I Actually Hit my hand above. There was a short girl behind me and she was like, can I get in front of you? I'm like, sorry bitch. I got here. Yeah. I was here at 5:00 AM Look, it's a doggy dog world. Like, get here earlier. you know, I don't know what to tell you that that's the part. That's what I'm talking about though. I don't wanna be that person. That actually sucks. Yeah. Or there was this girl who, she's like, hi, I'm shooting a documentary, I'm from England and all this. And I was just wondering if I get my shot. I'm like, yeah, but if you get your shot, I'm gonna get my questions. So it's, and then my boss is gonna chew my ass out. So it's just not gonna happen. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's like, and it, you don't wanna be in that mind space is more what I'm saying, So. That's, that's probably, it takes a Toll. It does take A toll. Think Hollywood, finance, politics, all these other things, all function the same way in that if you wanna be in the top 0.1% of your field, you have to give everything to it. Yeah. And that's it. There's no other choice. Yeah.


And you know, people should be real with that. So if you're listening and you're like thinking, you're like, oh, I really wanna do something like that. Just be, just understand what it takes. Understand what it actually takes to get there. Oh dude. Yeah, For sure. And dude, it's funny 'cause I'm, I'm viewing schools now for, and it's like kind of related. So I'm looking at schools for my daughter. She's going into kindergarten next year. Yeah. So we're like looking at, and it's like, dude, schools now are, and I, I think it's good, but they're, from what I've been seeing, it's like they're educating people to like, do something for everybody to like bring something to the world rather than like, you know, we were in school, it was more like, yeah, build yourself up So that you're a high value individual, that you can just take resources for yourself and just, you know, like fuck off. Definitely. And it's like, yeah. But the problem is, is like they sold everyone that dream.


But the reality is, is like most people aren't gonna get those. Well, and it's not, most people are Gonna become doctors And shit. Most people don't want to do that. True. You don't want, like, for I, mean Indians aren't a lot of doctors. It's like, do you wanna know how hellish medical school is? Dude, be real whenever you like, for real. Do you want to spend eight years in school, four years making shit money with $300,000 in debt working 89 days, hours a week, getting shit on by the attending physicians, then hoping, hoping and praying that you get, you know, your placement or whatever for the next job. So by the time you're my age, you can finally get your first paycheck. Oh. But fuck you. Even though you get your first nice paycheck, 90% of that is gonna be going to clearing off of, of your medical debt. And you've lived 10 years, you're probably now addicted to smoking food.


Like some vices Yeah. Of something. Oh, for sure. There's no way, again, you, you know this too, when you work really hard, like it takes it all from you. You're gonna be addicted to energy, drinks, nicotine, whatever. Yeah. Like, you, you need something. Yeah. It's not possible to do it. Natural. It's, dude, It's true. I've, I've gone back and forth. Yeah. And it's like, I'm like, no, I don't need anything. And I had like a pretty harsh caffeine phase for myself. Yeah. I'm like sensitive to it. Yeah. I had to stop that 'cause I wasn't sleeping. But how Do you, because you travel a lot, right? Yeah. That's brutal. I've recently, the travel is brutal. It sucks. I've recently introduced melatonin. Okay. Because I'm a very like, natural type. I don't wanna take anything. But I've, I've succumbeded to just like Interesting. Just crush. Can I give you a warning about melatonin though? Yeah. So Andrew Huberman says not to take melatonin. I know, man. I know it's not good. you know, because he saying, I know It's not right. It was something about something he said like the bo the label on the bottle can be anywhere between like 2% and 100 and a thousand percent of what's actually in there.


What? Yeah. And he said something, don't take my word for it, but it was something along the lines of I've seen them give melatonin to rats and it shrivels their balls. What? He's like, I think that it messes with Testosterone. All right. Enough said, I'm done. My opinion said I'm done. You should stay off. I'm off it. I'm off it. Stay Off the melatonin. Off. I'm off. It's, it is a, I, as soon as I started taking it, I was like, I get why Michael Jackson had a guy with like an IV in his arm. I'm like, dude, No. That was a whole other level man. That's like prop, what was it? Propyl Propyl. It was propophol But. you start to like, dude, it's like you're just sitting there reading a book and all of a sudden the melatonin just starts to like weigh, you're like a stone statue and then you're just like, Ugh. Did you read about this Matthew Perry thing? Oh it was so fucked up. I love So what actually happened to him? Matthew Perry. So I mean it's really sad. I read his book actually after he died and Perry was obviously everybody knows he was a drug addict.


Yeah. Yeah. but you know, it's his parents. It turns out his mom was like the press secretary for Justin Trudeau's dad. What? When he was the prime minister? Yeah. He was actually. And apparently he beat the show out Justin Trudeau when they were kids. Which is why Matthew Barry beat up Justin Trudeau. Matthew, Matthew Barry beat Justin Trudeau. That's kind of boss. Yeah, It is. Cool. But so Perry, it turns out when he was like a really little baby and he was crying, his parents would give him like benzos. Like benzodiazepine what? Like really fuck. And he was like, yeah. When some of my parents' funniest stories is about me as a baby just sitting there like drooling outta my mouth when they were plugging me full of benzos. 'cause I was crying. He was like colicky. And so his theory of why he's so fucked up and addicted to drugs was because at a very early age that he had benzos.


And he's talked about how the very first time he ever felt like anything was good in this world was when he was drunk at 14 years old. Yeah. And that was the rat race. And then he becomes a fucking hundred millionaire, sent a millionaire or whatever from friends. And that's why you can see his weight wildly fluctuated on the show. 'cause he was either drunk or he was on pills or he was on Oxy. But dude, the, the ca the thing is with Perry is he died of a ketamine overdose I believe. And they, Los Angeles district attorney filed this case against a, so-called like ketamine queen. And they have text messages in there of the doctor and the girl who was selling him all this illegal ketamine being like, how much can we take this rich asshole for, you know, charging him thousands of dollars per hit of ketamine of which they're buying.


It's like Not very chill. Ketamine community. Deeply Exploitative shit. Like really Bad. Dude. I have a, it is horrible. I have a, a lot of people are really into ketamine. I have a very kind of like weird thing 'cause I knew a lot of like You should be skeptical of that evil hippies who are like, oh On ketamine, They got like addicted to that shit. Yes. They used to call it, they used to call it hippie heroin. What's It called? K hole. Right? K hole. Yeah. Say, well dude, before it became mainstream it was known like people like, oh it's hippy heroin. I know because they would like nod out. What does it do? Because I thought that it helps dissociative. But there's the depression aspect. There's like the therapeutic aspect. And apparently he'd been having ketamine in a therapeutic setting. But then I guess he got addicted to that. And that's why he died in that hot tub, man. Because Yeah dude. And it was like his assistant, his little drug assistant, they were working to procure him drug and charge him thousands of dollars.


'cause they were ripping this guy off. That's Not right. They're, it's called custodying someone out. They're custodying him. You treat 'em custody phrases. Yeah. It's not a good thing to do. But yeah, I, I've heard people who swear by it. They're like, if you do like, 'cause you can do like, you know they have like, they make like little lozenges and stuff so you could like lay there. My brother's all about it. He's like, you lay there, he's A big K guy. Special K, big K guy. Big special K guy. He was really selling me on it. And it was like, you know, I'm like, and I get like, if you're laying there, it's like a 30 minute ordeal you come out of it. Right. He is like, it is, it's good. It's like, you know, blah blah blah. But then there's doctors who's like, we'll prescribe you a little bit. Yes. Like you can just kind of have it to kind of like, 'cause you can either like get into a K hole or just kind of take the edge off. I knew like these dudes that would just snort k constantly. Interesting. But if you snort too much then you'll, you'll just be sitting there like The other K that I see signs for everywhere.


And I actually don't know what it is. Is ccra, is it Crate? Crate Ccra. Yeah. What is Kratem? It's Crate, if you see signs for this everywhere. CBD. Yeah. We sell Kratom. I don't know a single person who's ever used Kratom. I don't know what Kratom is. I know what it dude I just know it exists, but it's everywhere. Yes. It's literally everywhere. It's every gas station in America. Gas Stations sell like Dr. Like full on. No. Yeah. They sell drugs. You or you can sell weed legally at gas stations. Now it's dude, they did it. It's the, the hemp farm bill allowed THC, which is weed. The active ingredients. T hc. Is that the same as, was it spice or whatever those No, it's, so what's that then? Spice is a synthetic. So it's like if you take, you know, delta nine tetra, whatever it's called, there's the exact molecule that's illegal spice is like, let's remove a couple carbon molecules like a hydrogen. And now it's like very similar but it's legal because it's not technically the same sub.


It's like an analog or whatever you wanna call it. Yeah, sure, sure, sure. So what raum is, well with the THCA stuff it's like it TH like weed picked off the plant is THCA. 'cause there's a carbon molecule. That's why if you have to make brownies, you have to heat the weed up to decarboxylate it. And that's what like TH C's illegal. But THC is legal. So now you can grow hemp, which is just weed. Yeah. With THCA, which is just THC and it's legal and you can sell it at a gas station's. It makes it's completely schizophrenic. That's not, it makes no senses. Yeah. It makes no sense. But I mean I think it's sick. You can mel it right to your house, but really? Oh yeah. You can just get it mailed right. To You. are You a big weed guy? I Was for the longest time. I can smell weed in here. you know, it wasn't Me. Okay. It wasn't me. I know you hate it. It wasn't me. Yeah. Yeah. I you bro, you were blazing me and so are really up the blunt dude.


I Like that. Don't put, don't put misinformation out there. Right. Like the moment, my moment I came down here, my nostrils flared. I didn't wanna say anything, but I did suspect you, I'm not gonna lie, I immediately suspected you I was a big weed guy since I was like in high school through college. Okay. But, you quit. Right? So it's a success Story. I cut, I cut it out. But here's the thing, it becomes too much. Like, especially when you have kids, it's like I just can't, I can't be high. Like I can't, Can you tell that to more people? Yeah. Huh. Some people claim, but like for me personally, it's like having like a, like, like a weird panic attack at a playground. Yeah. Not serving your family. Dude, that sounds horrible. Oh fuck dude. That's gotta be brave for my daughter. But everybody says It's no, it's chill dude. It is totally chill. you know Dude, the thing is, the weed's different.


The weed is so strong enough. Yes, I know. Thank You. Please Continue. It's a different dude. I have and I've, dude, I've literally, I, I was selling weed from 2008 up until whatever, pretty embarrassing recently. But the whatever, I don't even remember. Call nine one Philly pd. Maybe 2009. Is weed legal in Phil? I knew a guy who got, it's totally, it's medical. Okay. I knew a guy who got caught with coke in outside of the, you know, whatever Delaware County. And apparently they, the Delaware or like whatever township police called the Philadelphia pd. And they're like, we caught this guy with cocaine. We also think he's been buying weed from Philadelphia. And dude, the Philly PD just went hung up on his squad.


He was in the room. He was like in Trouble for it. I mean, to be fair, they have like actual problems. Yes. Murders and shit to solve. And they were just like, he's like, dude, they, the Philly PD hung up on township police. They're like, dude, we don't care about that. But It is dude. But the dabs, it has become drug effect. So I like watched weed develop for years. Like very close to it. And it was like, it became a thing that was like, dude, this is like dude like you, you know, it was like everyone talks about this like in the seventies was like 7% THC and you get like 14, 15. It was like, wow dude. It's like 30. Some of 'em are like 28 to 30%. Right. And It's too much. And they also, the percentage was of that are sold to, it's kind of like what I just said about melatonin. You have no idea. Yeah. Whether that's correctly in there or not.


So yeah, let's stay off the weed Also. Let me that also, you'll allow me a weed diatribe. That's fine. I'll give you one. Yeah. I, what my thing is now it's like, so now they're starting to regrow it and introduce like the grow it. So it's like only 7% with CBD. Okay. And that's very relaxing. And it's not as psychoactive. It just, it really can like make you, it's like the founding father weed. That's like the hemp George Washington smoke. Oh is it? Okay. It's Very chill. You're not like, you might get like, you know, Well he was doing opium too. Do you think other people, was He doing opium? Of course they all were doing opium back then. I didn't know that the painkillers happened. Yeah, true. I guess You have milk. You know, that's a forbidden part of the 19 hundreds. And nobody ever talks about the shocking number of opium and cocaine addicts. Yeah. That were up until like the 1920s, incredible amount of society was addicted to morphine.


Opium. Yeah. Cocaine. You could get it readily across the counter. A lot of the doctors were going to prison 'cause they were coke addicts and they were prescribing cocaine to different people. It's actually pretty wild. Yeah. I think you can get it in prison. You can get like opium in prison in like the twenties. I think you, you could order it on the commissary. Oh wow. I think So I just read, I read a book about like an old, like a burglar from like 1890s. It's not a bad Way to spend the time. you know, You are already locked up. Yeah. You just, you can just gobble it up. You could just take Yeah, exactly. Opium, you could just gobbled up. I think. I think it was like either the guards were selling it, but I, I remember the guy was saying in the book, he just ordered some opium from the Truck. Well it wasn't illegal for, for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it took a long time because there was was a lot of, it's the same problems we have now, like Opio addict at the time that it's like for a while they're in opium, they can't afford opium.


You start robbing people to pay for your opium and then Yeah. It's like, they're like, okay, we gotta get Rid of this. Yeah. This is a problem. The dudes, the Raum now is, Kratom is a, it's not so what is it? It a, it's technically an op opiate. It's a plant. It's a natural plant. But it has, this Is what they say about It's natural. It Is natural. Yeah. We natural. It's natural. What did you just talk about? Oh, the cross plays with this and 30 40%. Now it's like, that's not fucking natural. Exactly. You're, That's just natural is the Red Tomato in a grocery store. I totally agree. All. right? I I think they've totally, they've ruined weed now. It's called type two cannabis. They're walking it back. And I think that, 'cause dude, I couldn't, I would just like freak out. I'm like, this sucks. This isn't fun at all. Yeah. Or I do think though, and this is like a, it's, I do like saying this to people 'cause people get very like bullish with weed Very, they'll be like, dude fucking five milligram, I can take a 50 milligram.


It's like this 'cause you're a dumb ass. You don't have anything going on in your brain. So you're just Yeah. It's like you've Actually cooked so much of your IQ off that you no longer have the IQ To understand this. I'm naturally, they're a dumb ass. They're they already natural. They've always been dumb people who can do like 200 milligram edibles. It's like, yeah. 'cause you're a fucking dumb ass. You don't have anything going on in your mind. You're just sitting there like, well You are, look, when a dog gets a brownie, you're just kinda like, ah. Or you metabolize it differently. I don't know. Okay. Yeah. But theum, they do snag people with the natural stuff. But it's like it mimics opiates so people will use it to get off of like, you could be sick From, it's like methadone, Heroin. Oh, if it was a plant. But it also is different. Like if you take a little bit, it's energizing. Mm. But if you take a lot, it's like you ate like four Percocets. I get it, man, dude. And people get addicted to it man.


It's like, No, no, no. I do know that. That's why I brought it up because there is a lot of this weird stuff that like raum obviously weed now with the mass legalization and nobody ever talks about it. you know, if you look at the weed graph, like over 20% of weed users are using it on a multi-day basis. Yeah. So. that is like, imagine if 20% of people who drank alcohol drank like straight liquor all day every day. Yeah. That's not even close. I mean, What is the percentage of people who drink alcohol daily Who are daily drinkers? I think it's like seven to 8%. And actually by the way, I'm not putting alcohol off the For sure. Yeah. It's really bad. Yeah. People who are alcoholics, it ruins your life. You're, you know, it, it will kill you early. There's all this stuff. And actually if weed and alcohol, almost all vices actually have the same effect where between like seven, it's like the Pareto principle where seven 20% can be responsible for 80%.


And so 20% of weed users consume almost all of the weed. Yeah. And because they're using it every single day and it's extremely high. THC and it's psychoactive. Anybody who knows anybody who's ever owned a liquor store, it's like the vast majority of your sales are going to the same like alcoholics. Honestly. It's really sad. Yeah. And then Gambling is the same way. Like a huge percentage of casino returnees. Like, you know, every people go to Vegas and they have fun. But like, if you have ever spent time in a casino, like the people that come every single day, just like pissing their lives, It makes you really sad. That's the saddest part. It's sad. Like that Is really sad. It's So I when you see especially the old people there and you're like, damn, your kids stopped talking to you. You've worked your whole Life. You don't have, do you have sports Gambling advertisers? Do You?


Oh, big time. Yeah. Oh do you? Okay. You can talk whatever you want. Okay. All, right. Well then I'll say it, it's on federal free speech. Well, you think I'm gonna restrict speech podium? Sorry. DraftKings and FanDuel and all these other people, But it's not those two. But yeah. Okay, good. Alright, well we've definitely had that before I have you say whatever you want. Okay. All, right? Yeah. I'm not worried About that. Well, I don't wanna get you in trouble, but, you know, Can't get me in trouble. That's, I I have become totally convinced by, I don't put cars on the table. I actually like to go to the casino. Okay. I think Casino Gambling is really fun, but I think it's very important that I have to go to the casino. Yeah. To a physical location. The stats right now on sports Gambling, it's just like weed all vice disaster. If you look at the amount of money that is being sucked out of people's pockets, it's horrible. So in the, in September in New Jersey alone, New Jersey betters lost $200 million bank Gambling online, in full online Gambling, they lost 400 million.


They were Gambling on sports. And a total of 900 million in a single month of September. Jess, if you include also the casinos. So you can see that almost half of the money that New Jersey betters lost. By the way, jersey's not that fucking big. So we just talked about a billion dollars that got sucked out of the market. That's crazy. People are addicted to sports Gambling. Man. It's terrible. The other thing iss Yeah. If I studied, I, I went and I read a little bit about how casinos operate and casino profits, like the amount that they take is called the hold. Like on a game. And the hold for DraftKings, FanDuel and all these others is way higher because traditional gamblers and casinos, they'll bet the money line or they'll bet the spread. But these retards on sports Gambling are buying and doing all these parlays that get algorithmically pushed.


You have no fucking chance of winning your parlay. Yeah, yeah. Sorry, sorry. You're not gonna win your parley. And it's Don't ask me check the stats. Yeah. And look at the profits for where all these people are coming from. So dude, mass Sports Gambling has been a fucking disaster. Like you've seen, domestic violence has gone up in the places where it is bankruptcies are up, you're seeing a huge amount of credit card debt, 25% increase amongst the people where it is legal. And, and actually I just read an article about Brazil yesterday where basically it's a social transfer program where the government is cutting checks to working class people. Those people are Gambling almost 40% other paychecks away on a consistent basis. So it's like a mass wealth transfer that's happening right now.


And yeah, I mean sadly because you can do it online. Just imagine if you could take your phone out and there was an app on your phone where you could drink alcohol. Do, You Know, how popular that app would be. Yeah. Imagine Or see Naked Girls. Yeah. But oh yeah. Well that's a, That's a big, we'll get To that next, we're gonna come next. This is gonna be the Killjoy podcast. No, but imagine if you could like suck marijuana from an app that was outta your phone. Ev people would be addicted to that. That Gambling is honestly worse than Both of us. Well it's a double addiction. 'cause the phone's addictive. Yes, exactly. Then you, you put addiction on top, an addictive Device algorithm your phones and you have money that is now at stake. Every single state where this has happened. It's been an absolute nightmare. And you know, if all you have to do, the thing is, is that the Gambling companies, legally they have to disclose all of this.


So all you have to go do is go and read their profit and loss statements and look how much of this is coming from the parlay bets. It's the vast majority of their profits. And yet you idiots keep signing up for it. And I get that it's fun, but it's not funny whenever your wife is like, Hey baby, can we buy these berries for our child? And you're like, oh, I actually pissed it all away on a parley last night. And you know, now you have guys who are, you know, you've seen this explosion and people are like, I'm Gambling on women's softball or in Korea. And I'm like, bro, you have A problem. Yeah, yeah. You have a problem. That's always been, people are like, that's degenerate behavior. Like the world, little League World Series is like You are a de degenerate. You are A DJ, bro. And the, this is, okay, this is my case.


I think Gambling should be legal, I think, but it should only mean casinos. Because one of my favorite parts about going to the casino is you meet the characters. Right? You go to the crap table. Yeah. And you see a guy who hasn't showered in three days and has got his colostomy back on. And by the way, he will teach you how to roll the dice. And so shout out to that man after showing me ever showing me how to do it. But seeing him, I'm like, I don't ever want to be even se in the same like universe of like whatever this dude is But. you can't see that when you're on the couch. You don't understand. You're the sucker. Last thing on this that I found out from Nate Silver's book is that if You are any good at Sports Gambling, you're banned. And so that's kind of fucked up. So if you win consistently on DraftKings or on FanDuel, they will cap your bet size to like $2.


They're like, oh, you're allowed to bet $2 and 14 cents. That's, that's bullshit. Yes. And, but you know what? And then people are like, oh, I'm actually really good at Sports Gambling. I'm like, oh, how you been on the app? They're like, three years. I'm like, you're not any good at Sports Gambling. I'm like, it would've pan ju Asic reaction. Yeah, it would. That's everyone know I'm, I'm like breaking even basically. And it's like Thank You fucking that It's like, well first of all, you need to win 52% of your bets just to beat the house because 2% is the vague that goes to the Yeah. Yeah. But then over that, it's like the look, you're not winning if you're still Gambling consistently on the apps, you have not won and they're, you're the sucker. That's just what You know they should do. An easy amendment to this that wouldn't be such a money suck is that when you lose your Gambling money, it's held from you for six months. I like it. They get to make money on the interest and then they send it back to you. So You're like, So, that would be nice.


But they Momentarily penalized I Just read in New York. I mean, why would they do that? They would be like, fuck you over keeping all, how would we keep all of it and make interest off here? These guys are making the biggest killing in the planet. And like the best part is all the states are doing it too because they want the money. But yeah, the thing is look, they're gonna pay for it because it's one of those where you're getting this fake tax revenue. But yeah. you know when you have to come and send cops to Johnny's house because he went fucking broke and he beat up his wife or his girlfriend or whatever. You're paying for that. you know the C he's off some, he's blowing off some steam. Right. Parlay, Parlay goes down. He's gonna house one of those plastic bottles of whiskey from Costco. Yeah. And we all know what happens next. It is Weird that like when like, it is like when jobs are scarce, like it just, people just end up beating up girls.


Like if there's not, it's true. Like if there's not good stuff going on, people are like, well I guess I have to beat up a girl. Now it happens across like every culture. It's every culture. Actually a lot of people got mad at me on the show because I was talking about, it was end during one of our immigration debates. I think you talked about it a little bit actually on your show. And, and I was just like, look, and by the way, just full disclosure, I married into an Irish family from Philadelphia. Oh, there you go. All. right? So I. I, I have no discrimination against the Irish, but what I'm saying is, back in the day, I think it was reasonable to be like, well, you know, all these people are coming over here and they drank a lot of whiskey and Yeah. So here's the, nobody under knows this. The very first thing that women did whenever they voted was ban alcohol.


That's why the tam, the Temperance movement was entirely driven by women. Whoa. And if it, the reason why is 'cause they were getting the absolute shit kicked out of them by their drunk ass husbands who are drinking a liter of whiskey per day on average. Yeah. To deal with, you know, the industrial revolution and For sure. Yeah. All this. But it was also, let's, let's be honest, it was part of their culture. Right? Yeah, for sure. And so, but and So that, that this people don't forget is like that for some reason it's intrinsic like alcohol Gambling and beating the shit out of your wife. It's, it's just a package Deal. It's one big thing. You are signing up for that. Yep. You are a hundred percent so don't impulse incentivize It's impulses. Yeah. It's just impulses ruling the roost and then eventually bingo, the curtain closes and you're like, right. Fuck. Yeah. Well real, really what I think it is, is just somebody for the first time is showing the reality of what you've done.


Where you can rationalize your parlays away. You can rationalize all this. But the very first time, like I just said, we were like, Hey, can we pave to go see, I don't know, like I wanna go see my mom next week or whatever. Can I get a flood? They're like, no, we literally Don't have any money. Yeah. And or the ultimate being like I told you the chiefs aren't gonna kick a foot over you. Shut the fuck up. You didn't Know that. Yeah, it, well it is funny. There is a huge, 'cause you know, my whole, I'm all like Irish Catholic out and it's like, yeah, like we seeing someone fall at a wedding. I'm like, nah. It's like, it's so normal. And like my wife would like cry. She'd like, that's not right. And I'm like, that's so sad. I'm like, dude, My in-laws and their family are not like that. People fall at weddings. It is what it is. Not being a baby. A really Funny tweet. And like, you know, I I, I left Dublin and I moved, I forget where they moved, like somewhere in South America or something.


And they're like, and what I thought was we were all having a good time. It turns out we were just crippling alcoholics. Yeah, yeah. Like family beach trips were just like adults hammered for seven days. And I'd just be like, All. right. Then the kids would get hammered, they would pass out East coast Beach culture is weird. Oh, it's crazy dude. It's crazy. I had no exposure to it 'cause I grew up here. But yeah, I went to like, I think I went to Rehoboth, which is like the nice beach, right. But even then I'm like, man, these ladies are hammering Tito's at like 9:00 AM in the morning. Oh yeah. I'm like, there's some crazy shit going down East coast beach culture is like getting, it's like quiet. That's not like as like cool like Margaritaville just people just quietly as quietly degen my uncles. Yeah. My uncles would be like, they would all joke, they'd be like, ah man, who's gonna crack the first one? They'd be like, I don't give a shit. I'll do it. And just crack.


Of course. Like now they don't let you drink on the beaches like that. Really? Yeah. They're ticketing people. I Saw a lot of people doing it. Well in, in the jersey. Well They're doing the solo cops. That's What I'm saying. They used to, and they'll still come around to police you. I grew up gonna sea aisle and you dude, it was just beers, whatever. Really? Now it's like you have to have a cup and they'll come around if they, if you have alcohol in your cup, they'll write because they can just write you a fine because everyone's gonna drink on the beach. Of Course they are. Yeah. See, see and this is where my like nanny state instincts kinda, I'm like, All, right. Well fuck off All. right? They people are also on the beach and you know, that's just a money grab for whatever. We need rules. But really what it is, is like we just need a better, we need a better culture around this stuff because Yeah, no, you, we just gotta acknowledge the downsides. Right? That's, that's all I'm asking.


Everybody's asking like, sports Gambling is the greatest thing ever. It's about freedom. You're gonna get and look at their ads, right? They're like, you're gonna get Rich You are join free $15. No, we'll give you $500. Five Bucks. $5, 500 deposit. People are like, I'm like, once again bro. Like, have have you ever been to a casino? That shit doesn't get built based on winners. Like 99% of the people walk outta there are fucking losers. Yeah. The odds that it are you is almost 99%. So, Well I think the Gambling companies would be happier doing this. 'cause they, they do do that little disclaimer like, by the way guys, if you know if in case you Yeah, but that's mostly bullshit. And a lot of it is because they're, they're required by the state to put it in there. And then what the states do is they take part of these losses and they fund these Gambling. So, but it's like You are the receipt, the, the rise in sports.


Gambling addiction has created the need for these Gambling addiction centers. So it's like, just don't have it in the first place. Well The weirdest part about Gambling addiction is that it's not even about winning or losing. Like I, I I read some, They like when they lose. That's, that's the craziest part. They love it when they lose Or it's more like the flow state of just being like, it's not the winning or losing. Absolutely. It's just going from thing to thing and you're just, your brain's totally focused on Something. Dude, I, again, I get it. I like it. I love to play Ba See I don't like to gamble. I've never, I'm just filled with anxiety the whole time. When I, I Love games of Chance poker's more. Actually, I think I could justify poker 'cause I wouldn't even really call it Gambling, although it is technically like, kind of a game of chance. But there's a lot of strategy in that. Yeah. Obviously like the famous rounders quote, it's like the same 10 people may end up at the finals for a reason.


Yeah. It's not a game of fucking chance. Whereas if you go to blackjack competitions or Brock competitions, fucking, you get lucky, right? Yeah. That's how it works. I see the appeal of both. But there is something I, this is where I'll flip the script, man. The magic of the cards. Like when the Bacca thing, like that's exactly what it's, you're like 9, 9, 9. You're just sitting there that moment. Yeah. The anticipation. Whew. And it's fun. And When you hit it, oh my God, It's so fun. Oh my God. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Well, it's also, I Pay, I play like $15 tables in Charlestown, West Virginia, next to toothless Chinese women who are getting their Chinese ash On My, I prefer, honestly, I'd be rather be around them. I love 'em. Shout out to the Yeah. Yeah. You always want to gamble with Chinese. If you're playing baccarat, Chinese and Vietnamese, they know what's up.


That's a Good idea. That's a good call. And the Less heat they have, the more, the more good at the game. They are, they've patience. They, they have all these superstitions about dragons and that's, and colors and stuff. That's the thing though, man. 'cause I was like sitting there one time backstage at a comedy show, and they were like playing dice, like in the green room as like this little box. And I was like, it is just people interacting with magic. People are attracted Gambling. It's, it is, it's Just, it's magic. It's Like a divine thing. You're like, yes. And everybody that craps is also definitely the most fun in the game in the casino. Although it is minus ev every single bet on the, on the craps table. So, but when you play, the magic of it is, it's a crowd's game. Because, and I love crap gurus, right? Like I was talking about the diabetic guy and he's like, he's like, yeah, he threw it over here, threw, threw it over here. It's like the first time throws to the right, he's gonna roll seven, which means we all get fucked.


So he was like, he's like, he about to roll that. Take your bet off. And I was like, All. right. Got it, got it. He was right. And I was like, Dude, I my only time playing, playing Craps. They know something. They know something. My only Time playing craps. I a guy. I was like, just do what I do. And I was up $1,300 very quickly. Holy shit. Very quickly. 1300, Very quickly. Whoa. And I was just like, You're playing higher stakes than I am. I mean, I, I was just drunk too. I just like, ugh. And then I got cocky. I was like, I know what's going on. As soon as I started doing my own bed, I was back down to 600. I just picked it up. I was like, Thank You, sir. I just walked. I was Like, I'm fucking up. I mean he left up. That's, you know, that's A good thing. I will do that. I'm ruthless at a casino. If I win a hundred bucks, I'm out. Yeah. Good. I'm like, get the fuck outta here. I just won a hundred bucks. It Could be 200. That's, to me, I'm five. I get so disgusted when I lose. Yeah. I, the feeling I get I just am like, I think about just them, just like taking like the time I spent into like work and life.


Especially when I was like just working a job. Yes. Where I was like, I could be like, oh, that was a day of my life. Yes. And I would just think of that just getting like sucked into a vault, which is a huge chamber of money to Money to pay for free drinks for these fat alcoholics who are like, It Would kill me just sitting in the slot machine. Like, No, it would fucking kill me. The worst part is if I, I don't really gamble much anymore, but it was like, when I first did it, I was in Vegas for my cousin's bachelor party and he was like, you know, do this, do that. And I won the first four times. I gambled, I won every time. What game was it? Blackjack. Oh wow. And I would just win. I, you know, I would win. Like it's a very high variance game though. That's the problem. I get fucked so easily, Dude. I'd win like 200 and I'd win 200 and I'd just get right the fuck out. And I would spend all my, my code was at every, every dollar I won Gambling, I'd spend it on everyone around me immediately.


Ah, I like that. And it worked. Yeah. You gotta spread the love. You gotta get the juju. You need the luck. Just Exactly. And then like, I tipped the dealers heavily and then like, I like was like, I think I'm good at blackjack and I instantly lost like $700 so, so fast, dude. Oh yeah. The fact that I was like 15 minutes, I was just out. Oh yeah. Because that's, that's what they do. 'cause it's a high variance game and they know they can wipe you out way before you're gonna wipe them out. Oh yeah. So what they wanna do is just deal all those hands per hour and already blackjack. I think blackjack is a 51 49 game. I'm pretty sure even with perfect ba were you playing basic strategy? Like perfect. No idea. The fuck I was doing. There was a guy. Yeah, no idea. And there'd be guys like, dude, you got a hit. And I'm like, no. Oh Yeah. I'm sure they get mad at you actually. Yeah. They get furious if you don't play basic strategy correctly. They, because if you fuck it up, you're gonna fuck the whole shoe up for the entire table.


And so they get very upset. I, They were very, they were very displeased with me, but I was like, bro, this is not my problem. We're not on a team. You're not sharing your money. Gamblers Know this. This is gen pop shit. Like got this gen pop Shit out. I'd like, dude, we're not on a fucking team. We're not split this money. This is my call. And I would No, But it is a team because if you fuck the math up and he's gonna hit it, he is gonna get the wrong card because he's playing math and you're not. And so that's what screws, but Dana White has theory. That's Man. Yeah. Dana White is like, sometimes you gotta go to war with the shoe and you gotta, you gotta, he's like, you gotta turn basic strategy on the shoe. I was like, I don't really think that's how math works, but I mean he's super rich or he doesn't care. Yeah. Yeah. I heard he likes to gamble. Oh, he's Heavily, Me and my friends who like to go to the casino, we will hype ourselves up with Dana White clips.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, It's just like, Because he has, he has like a love of a game. Like he, yeah. He, he's like, he's like, you know, I'm rich as hell. I can get on the jet and I can go anywhere else if my kids are gone, I'm gonna The casino. Yeah. He's just like, that's what I, he's like, that's what I do do. It's what I do for Fun. It's just scary. Once you're that rich, you have to play with big sums to excite Yourself. Oh, he plays for millions. I know, I think he, he said his dream is to play $1 million per hand on Baccarat. A million dollars a hand. He said, I think the highest he's gotten is like 300,000. To be fair, one of the reasons they probably won't let him, and that's one of the reasons I like B is Bakar is an actual 50 50 Game. That's what I thought. I thought it a good, So the house edge is like 0.05%. So you actually have pretty I mean you have like good odds, but like better than fucking blackjack for sure.


Yeah. Any of these, especially crap crap's a shit show. It's a most fun game in the casino, but every single one of the games, like I said, it's minus ev, you're almost certainly gonna lose money. Like whenever you play. Damn. Especially in the long enough timeline. So if you do win, like you just get out of there, get out out. Like just be, if you're up, like if you have a hundred and you a one 200, get get the fuck Out. Buzz out. Yeah. Yeah. Immediately. Yeah. Same with roulette. Do not play triple zero roulette. That is the biggest scam in the entire casino. Which, what's triple zero? So on roulette, you know, they, if you could just bet black or red, the way that the house has its edge is, in the old days they had a green zero. So after a while the casino execs were like, what if we had two zeroes? We were like, maybe these idiots in Vegas and you know, people are drunk and they're like, oh, there's only two zeroes.


I Don't even think about the zeroes. But the math goes from like 49% or whatever to like, the house edge goes from like one or 2% to like 7%. And then after a while they couldn't add three zeros. So they added like double zero, whatever the casino? No, they added a third one. So they go zero, then double zero. And then they have like the MGM logo on the wheel. So now the edge is like 11%. I thought you were saying they added 1 0, 1 0 and then a third, but it was a double zero. No, no. So there's a zero, then there's a double zero and then there'll be, so like MGM or Caesars or just whatever, just a Blank space. It's, you're just pissing your money away. Like people, you know. Ah, yeah. you know, you know there's the meme, it's like if you win, you're like, put it all in black or whatever. Yeah, well check the zeros because if there's triple zero, you're fucked All.


right. You not. Good odds. Dude. That's the, you know what I've done though with, with poker or not poker The last couple times I've been in a casino environment for like standup or something. A lot of times they give you chips. Really? So something I, I've had fun. Yeah. They'll be like, they'll give you like a couple of, just lemme Know the dates. Like, I'm like, yeah. They'll give you, like, I'll give you like a hundred bucks. We'll give you like a hundred. Oh man. Yeah. We can turn, yeah, you could break that down. We could turn that, Yeah, we could turn it into one 50. Yeah. Yeah. We turn it into One 50. Dude, what what I started doing is when they give me chips, I put it on, I go to roulette or blackjack. Yeah. I put it all on one hand and if it wins, I give it to the dealer. I say, here you go. I love that. That's kind. It's kind of, if I lose, I go, Hey man, you know, whatever. It feels good That does. Yeah. I mean they make dude, you know, the people they have to deal with like what a shitty job.


Like I'm sure they make a lot of money. Some at least some of them, but Yeah. Not the good ones, but, oh God, I can't imagine. Oh yeah, you're dealing with the absolute like dregs of humanity. Especially like at, you know, at their worst. Like fucking up and like being like, oh, Ruined. Well I hate that too. When people get mad at the dealers and they're like, it's your Fault. Like, you're not, you know, that guy, guy sucks. I'm just Like, dude, fuck you. Yeah. But then you also don't really wanna do anything 'cause you're like, this guy's kind of crazy. That's, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna be a whole white guy. Like you put your hands on maybe. But like, you know, up until that you're like, I, just like, can we get security over here Or something. Yeah, dude, it's, it's a, I've never got bit by the Gambling bug, man. I, I, that's good. That's a good thing. I tried to be a bookie for a while. Whoa. I tried and it was just like, yeah, But how, where were you getting your lines from? Mm. Oh, I, it was like my friend knew another book.


It was like a sub bookie thing. Yeah. Where I was like sending them kind of just bats basic. I, I, but it was my job to like collect them all. Oh really? It was just my friends collector. It was just my friends and then like, Yeah, but what about when they don't pay? So Here's what happened. Still friends, they were like, I don't watch sports like that. So I didn't know what the fuck was going on. So they would just, if they lost, they would call my, and they, I like, they would just leave me voicemail. So all weekend being like, put another one put and they just kept doubling down, doubling down, doubling down. And then eventually, like some of my friends owed me money and I just got to the point where I was like, I'm not taking your money for this. Yeah. And I just like told the guy, I was like, I'm, I'm not doing this anymore. I just felt bad. Like if you like sell something to somebody, yeah. That's like, yes, you gave me that. But to be like, yo, the bears lost, you owe me $250. Just, I was like, And you actually have to collect it too. Yeah. And I was like, I don't wanna do Yeah, exactly.


That's the big thing, man. I don't know. Yeah. I mean East coast, GA sports Gambling culture has always been there. I don't know. I mean I grew up here. I don't remember thinking or hearing like other par I. guess I grew up in a Bible bell area. So, I'm, they wouldn't be doing it. But I don't remember a lot of money changing hands on college football. But now these days, college football is actually even more where the actions I, I could see That 'cause apparent. It's like there's the mismatches or whatever. There's like underdogs and you know, for somebody who hates Gambling, I know way too much about Gambling. I had, it's a love hate relationship. That and weed too. True. I don't know a lot about weed. But. you don't know a lot about weed though? I don't know A lot about the experience of weed, but I Have you ever smoked weed? I think I smoked weed when I was very drunk when I was in college once.


Okay. And that's pretty much it. That makes sense. That's fair. Yeah. What'd you blaze? I don't know. I don't know. you know, I mean what dude, you're at a party. Blue Dream, Somebody passes you whatever. It probably was fake. It was probably like, not even marijuana, it was like somebody's grass that he bought off of somebody else and got ripped off. Well dude, the K two is big in prison. That's like the stuff you're talking spice. I know. And That fucks pe I have friends that are like, I Know people lose their minds. Yes. Is that right? Yes. Yeah. I a these guys, you know, they'll do anything like Right. Speedballs and shit. And I have friends that are like, bro, the K two's fucked up. Really? They're, you're in jail, you're in look at county jail. You're just Blaze K two and have like an absolutely Satanic experience. And he's like, dude, it's for real. Like terrifying. I think I saw some videos about that. For some reason my YouTube feed has been pushing me a lot of prison content.


It's a good, it's a good, and you can go down a serious rabbit hole. Awesome. It's awesome. Prison prison tube. Shout out to Johnny Mitchell, by the way. The Connect You should have him on your show. Actually. What what'd he do? He's a comedian. He's like six seven. But he does this show called the Connect where he interviews, he when he went to jail for as a weed dealer. And he interviews like other people who were drug dealers and then also talks about their prison experience. Oh, So I actually did a show. He's an interesting, he actually likes politics. That's why we talked a little bit. But some of his content is really good. Dude. It's The best because he interviews like, you know, like high level drug kingpins. Yeah. And he'll be like, tell me about the story. But then also like, what was it like to be in federal prison or whatever. Yeah. What a nightmare. Honestly, That's, dude, I I just finished a book about an LSD dealer who got caught in the early nineties.


So he got sentenced for like 20 years. Whoa. For, he never even got caught with acid. It was just all he was doing Western conspiracy. Conspiracy. Yeah, exactly. Got a conspiracy charge. 20 years, huh. And it was during, he was in jail during the race riot, like the crack laws. Sure. And he had a altercation with a lieutenant, like one of the guards. And he was a white guy. And when the crack riots happened, it was more, it was just black inmates having riots or doing riots. And the lieutenant was like, he was, he incited the riot, sent him to fucking Marmion, which was like a super max. And he had to do like, I think like three years in Mion or he, he ended up only doing five years outta the 20 years, but Right. Well the, I think everyone likes prison content because it's like, what would I do? Exactly. Exactly. Exactly.


I thought about that too. I'm like, well, I'm not white, not black, not Hispanic. And everything's racial In prison. You are, you'd be another, you're another. That's what it's called. But how Many are others? Are there not a lot. The other Indians in prison are gonna be like doctors for Medicare fraud. You Know, be like, hello doc. you know what I mean? Like, I, I think it's called others. I think you're, you're taking It's like Inuit. Yeah. Indian Inuit. Yeah. It's like actually they, They're probably pretty good, right? They could fight. Yeah, exactly. Pretty jacked. They're good with these numbers. Your numbers are not great. No, It's not good. So yeah, It's, I think it's like I, dude, I got so deep into prison shit. Right. But it's like, yeah. It's, so then my What would your strategy be? My strategy would be getting my parents to put money on my books. Right? Yes. And then we pay the others for protection. That's the big thing you can do. My plan was always to pay the Muslim brotherhood.


Oh, okay. So. that you can pay the Muslim brotherhood to protect. But then it's like, yeah, it is like racial. But I could fake it and I could just grow my beard and say that I was Muslim. Right. Yeah. And you can Get a, I could go with that. You can get the Muslim diet too. Oh, You'd have to answer's the Hal food. Yes. The Halal food Is better. Yes. Yeah. People do the kosher diet. That's a big thing really. If you can prove like you're Jewish and you're allowed to switch your religion every, like six months or so to get a different diet. I swear To God I read that Ramsey Yusef, who was the, he was the World Trade Center bomber, the 93 bomber. He, he apparently stayed in his cell for like 10 years straight whenever. 'cause he refused to do a strip search. 'cause he said it violated his religion. But then apparently he was like, okay, I'm now converted to Christianity. What? But apparently the warden and all them don't believe him.


So it's set up for, I don't really know what's going on, but I think he has started to like, he's finally left his cell after 13 years to go. He's a Christian now. Well, he claims he's Christian. Are they going scope about his butt hole or like, he's, he's like, All, right. I'm ready. Well, I think you have to do that thing where you with the squat and cough or whatever. Yeah. He refused to do it. He is like, I won't do it. So he literally, man, he did not leave his, his cell in Supermax in a DX Florence or whatever. What for like 13 years. Like it was totally crazy. And fi after 13 years, he's like, I'm Kind of, I think broke. Yeah. I mean it's understandable. It's like he spent 13 years. You literally haven't, you have never left. And you're like, okay, I'm done. That's so impressive. I would make 13 minutes and I'd be like, you know what, I'm just gonna show this guy my asshole and get it over with. You know, they say they sleep a lot. That was the interesting thing. Yep. That's a big one.


But, you can train yourself to sleep 12 hours a day. Yeah. But it's like, what do you do all day? you know, even when you're awake, like that just sounds terrible. You work out sleep a lot. Yeah. And in in your cell. Yeah. Just right. Yeah. And it's the guy in the book I read about the LSD dealer goal Blazer. He was saying like, he got schooled on like masturbation techniques. Whoa. And like, just nothing, nothing hands on. you know, he said he never was a punk. That was his term, a punk. Yeah. But he was like going into it how like you, you like use a sock and you flip it inside out, so you're hitting like more the soft area. And then at the very end, he said you would apply force to the under part of your head. And he's like, and it's so funny, him writing, it's like my orgasms were intense and powerful and it's like, damn. Yes. Yeah. But I mean that's all he is. Got. Did you watch the show Escape at Dana Maura?


It's in, it's on Netflix. It's really good. It was created by Ben Ben Stiller and it's Javi. Oh, was it? No. Benicio. It's Benicio and then the guy from there will be Blood, the guy who's the twins and anyway, yeah, yeah. Paul Dano, that's his name. Paul Dano. Okay. And so those two are inmates who like, basically Sweet talk, this woman, this like obese prison worker. And then they both start a relationship with her and they get her to smuggle in tools and then they literally tunnel out of the prison. It's a real life story. It happened in 2015. So I watched the show. It was a fantastic really good acting. And then I went to read the Real story, dude, it was wild. Like, it, it's, it's a high, they're both in there for murder. Like one guy literally murdered a police officer.


The other guy like butchered and kidnapped an old man for money. Jesus. These are like no shit killers. Yeah. Locked up in this high security prison in, I think it was in North New York. Like, you know, upstate New York? Like the Aron Yeah. Up there. Yeah. It was in the Adirondacks. Yeah. And yeah, so they were up there and they were able to get her to smuggle in like hacksaw blades. They cut their way outta their cells, were able to make their way, like through the pipes and everything, use a sledgehammer hammer through multiple walls and then cut a hole in a drain pipe or whatever, crawl through the pipe, come up out on the other side, call crawl through a manhole. And they were on the run for like 23 days. One guy almost made it to Canada. They shot him like 10 miles from the Canadian border. Oh yeah.


One guy was killed. The other guy made, sorry, spoiler alert. What year was this? 2015. It wasn't long. What? Yeah, dude was like, they Shot him at the Well I guess. Yeah. If he's that high profile. Well, They were, I a, a trooper was like, Hey, who are you? And he just like took off running and they, the, the other guy apparently was like a drunk. And they would find, they would find like hunting cabins and he would just be like, All. right. I just grabbing whisk. He was Just like, he was like a bear. He was like a bear. Literally. He was like a bear. That's a, that's a good way of putting it. Talking About, he's like, we need the p He was just walking around. Yeah. So that the other guy left him. He was like, fuck this dude. He is like turned into a drunk. He's just never gonna make it. And then he's Not gonna make anything of Himself. And so then he got, he got killed and then the other guy actually almost made it to Canada. Damn. Yeah, I know. He almost, I I, the weird part of the show is it's structured really well.


The first like six episodes, you're really rooting for the prisoners. And then before you get to the last episode, they do a flashback that shows what they did. Oh. And you're like, wait, fuck, these guys like, this is terrible because you don't know what they're in there for. you know, they're in prison, but then they're like, oh, he literally murdered a cop. And then the other guy like, kidnapped this man and tried to extort money from him and fucking like, butchered him and cut him up into little pieces. You're like, dude, You're his parlays didn't work, did he? Yeah, right. I'm like, we gotta get this guy outta here. I'm like, this is not good. Yo guys, welcome to the advertisement portion of the podcast. I'm on my motherfucking Assassin's Creed shit right now. You guys can't even see me.


I was doing this earlier to ensure audio quality because I had fucked up the audio of the ads because I was recording through my laptop like a dumbass. And I kind of like the look now they got my phone out All, right guys here, big thing. And I, I try to add some tranquil music to the ads. 'cause it's, it's kind of jarring. You're just listening to a podcast. You give your brain over to the podcast and outta nowhere. It's like, Hey, listen up, we got another. And it's like, fuck man. Fuck. How about a heads up? So what we're doing, we're gonna add a little gentle music. You can kind of get in the zone. You can chill, you can kind of use this time to kind of drift off whatever you wanna do. But we are gonna do the advertisements. And I also, I gotta say, here's my number one advertisement right now. I fucked up and I got, I'm doing shows.


Well hear me out here. I failed to promote my shows in the Irvine Improv SoCal. I'm so fucking SoCal. I forgot to do the ads or make a flyer for the Irvine Show. Oops, my bad. It's next weekend, Thanksgiving weekend, Friday, November 29th. Saturday, November 30th, two days fo shows come out to motherfucking Irvine Improv. And I'll be honest, I'm not just saying, I'm not just saying this because I'm doing a show. I love Irvine. There's Irvine was the first place I went to in California. And I, I was telling someone recently, I'm like, I fucking love Irvine. And they lived in la I'm like, you love, are you like, are you kidding? Are You, are you trying to be funny? I'm like, no. Why? And apparently everyone from LA just snubs Irvine, like, I would never fuck you guys.


Dude. Irvine rules, LA's fucking bullshit Irvine. We're talking Laguna Beach. We're talking motherfucking Newport Beach, conservative ass stronghold down there in SoCal. Dude, shit come out. I love Irvine. It's literally the first place I went to in California. I I'm very excited to go there. I'm gonna bring my whole motherfucking family. We're all gonna do Thanksgiving out there. It's gonna be sick. So Irvine improv Friday, November 29th. Saturday, November 30th. Let's go. Let's show these la fucking pussies, dude, who's really fucking SoCal. They're not fucking SoCal. They're north of Irvine, bro.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. Take a moment to say Thank You to someone in your life, including your therapist. If that's someone you'd like to shout out. If you have multiple reads this month, perhaps highlight someone different each time. Well, let's see. Last week I highlighted my mommy. I'm thankful for my mommy. I was going to do my daddy this week. I'm very thankful for my daddy. but you know what? No, I'm going to know who I'm gonna thank this week. Our almighty creator guys, how awesome is God? Come on now. How awesome is the fact that you can call it the big bang, whatever you want to call it. The universe was created out of an infinitesimal, infinitesimal, however you say that. A teeny tiny incomprehensibly, small void, nothingness and the universe has exploded out of nothingness. And that nothingness is the substratum of all that exists today. And it still exists in the universe. And that's basically, God, how awesome is that? Thank You so much for that. I'm so grateful. Guys. This month is all about gratitude. And along with the person, person, the cosmic deity, I just shouted out, there's another person. We don't get to thank enough ourselves. It's sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we are trying our best to make sense of everything. And in this crazy world that isn't easy, here's a reminder to send some thanks to the people in your life, including yourself. And that this is the time for a personal endorsement. That's what they're asking for. Yeah. I think, you know, therapy is, is good. You gotta, you gotta do something man to you gotta get outside of your, just your ego. That's, that's the thing that's keeping you in. you know that your egoic struggles of just, I want more. I'm not enough, blah, blah, fucking blah. And therapy is one conduit to escape yourself and to try to like forge a better life. Or you can just become one with your creator. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with Better Help. Visit better help.com/mssp today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE p.com/mssp.


Hmm.


PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. That's right. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two or more players for a shot to win up to 100 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks Guys, PrizePicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy. So your lineup stays in play even if one of your players gets injured. If your player leaves in the first half for whatever reason and doesn't return, PrizePicks keeps your lineup live. Sign up today to get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. What it's guaranteed. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83.5 yards next week. That's a pretty good guess. Lamar Jackson will pass more than 1.5 tds Oh man. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks. What's better? What's better than you and your crew do? Just cooking up hot takes and running your game on PrizePicks. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. They don't deliver it to your window or just kick it onto your lawn. Guess where they bring it to your door. It's amazing, guys. It's 100% pure nicotine and always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like the mom and pop shop of pouches. Have you ever heard about Breakers? They are the nicotine pouches with an extra surprise. Each pouch holds a capsule that can be broken open to release extra flavor and hydration in case you're thirsty. Break It pouch. If you know your pouches, you know that the nicotine doesn't hit in immediately and neither does the flavor. The geniuses at Lucy came up with a brilliant way to fix both those problems. They put a mini liquid capsule inside each breaker's pouch. And I haven't done these, I haven't tried the Breaker's pouch, but I'll be honest, Josh Gazo one of our producers. He's honestly, Josh is one of my favorite people. He is the absolute fucking man. By the way, Josh was, he tried a, a breaker pouch on this very episode, like while he was recording it and Saagar gave him one, he had one as well. And Josh was like raving about it. I, I forgot all about it. He's like, dude, that shit was fucking awesome by the way. He liked it. So I can't give you a personal endorsement. I haven't tried it, but Josh has tried it and I trust his word and he was, he loved the liquid surprise. Lemme tell you guys, he said it perked him right up. Guys, let's level up your nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to lucy.co/drenched and use promo code drenched to get 20% off your first order. Lucy has a 30 day refund policy if you change your mind. Again, that's lucy.co and use code drenched to get 20% off. And here comes the fine print. Lucy products are only for adult of legal age and every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Yes.


you know what? We all need to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and a refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather is always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportion awaits. They gotta fire the guy who wrote that fucking piece of shit paragraph guys. But guess what doesn't suck. Look at, look how fucking blue that is. What is this voltage? Look at this. Look at that shit, dude. You can put this in a Windex bottle and go. It's like, no, I'm just drinking voltage. Everybody don't you? You squirt it right in your mouth. People look at this motherfucker's crazy and you go, maybe I fucking am. Let's get off our ass together brother and hang on the perfect mountain a day where epic proportion awaits. That's what I like. That's the kind of fun times I like to have with my friends guys. When we all drink our voltage and our Baja blast. you know what, you know what game we play. you know what fun and competitive social activity we engage in that I'd like to talk to you guys about. Lemme tell you guys, man, look, when we drink regular Mountain Dew, I told you already, we wrestle when we drink the fucking blue ass. Look how fucking blue this shit is when we drink this. Oh my god, dude. We play a secret game. Me and my friends, we play a secret game in which, how do I say, we all take our turn doing something fun. And the last person to, hmm, dare I say arrive at the party, has to chug the voltage full of, you know what the fuck I'm saying? You guys don't even know what's going on there. Voltage Mountain Dew. What the hell is I Sorry guys, I blacked out. I don't even know what the hell I was talking about. Guys. The Mountain is calling. you should answer. Grab your friends, grabbing ice, cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold and Dew. The dew.


Yeah. The prison culture shit is like fascinating, man. I'm absolutely, I've wanted, I like almost, I'm glad I never went. You wanna go? But I kind of was like, damn, I kind of wish, like I How Much weight were you moving then when you were selling marijuana? Decent amount. Like, Like ou pounds. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah, Like so you could've gone, you could actually could've gone, I could have Went to jail in Philly. It was like you could have five pounds and you wouldn't really, you could like get locked up But. you wouldn't do like a sentence at a certain point. But that's what I've heard. But like before though, like in the seeing like the two thousands, it started getting more lax, more lax, more lax. Right. By the end of it, nobody was gonna jail for weed. They even, like the cops would find a half pound of weed on you Don and just be like, care Jesus Christ. And just take it and make the fuck outta here. How does It all work though? Like in terms not the cost?


So were you selling to other dealer 'cause you had enough? Yeah, Eventually it was like, I would do both. You would like, you would get like, like the way it would work is you'd have to like, I remember I like saved all my money so hard. Then I eventually saved up $1,600 and Ibotta half pound. And then I got to like actually make money off of it. Yeah. And then eventually I started, you just get a fronted to you. You like find somebody in it would front me like 30 pounds of weed. Yeah. That is the interesting thing I read from Johnny's podcast is like, there's a lot of consignment, a lot of consignment in the drug business. And then double consignment, I would get something from it and double consign it to other people. And then you have to kind of like, What if he doesn't pay you? And then you gotta pay the guy. You tell him, Hey man, if I've fought on tough times. That did you, that's the, that's the thing. It's like I, you're never supposed to meet that person, like the top level person because they want to keep like an air of like, 'cause they're gonna tell a guy like, you tell him, I'm like, I'm fucking murder.


But I met the guy. Really? He was, it wasn't, you know, it wasn't any Were you ever physically threatened? Did you ever see weapons? I got robbed at gunpoint. Yeah. Really? Oh yeah. What was that like? What Happened? It was surreal. It was like So. I got, I got, I got threatened with a club one time. That was embarrassing. I gave into the club just outside. This guy was like, I wanna fucking hit you with this. And I was like, All, Right, dude. Like what kind of club? Like a handmade club or What? Like a wooden, just a fucking like a 1920s police officer. Baton dude. He was like, but I was in West Philly, like trying to buy Percocet. Yeah, you did the right thing. Yeah. And there was like seven guys around me. I was like, as soon as you guys, where are I? Percocets. And they were like, dude, we'll fucking bash your brains in. I was like, All right. You guys can keep the $200. You win, you win this round. But yeah, it was that. And then I had a guy one time he got robbed and blamed it on me.


I, I think he just took my money. But he came out like we were in an apartment. He was like, something's gotta, he like cocked a gun and walked towards me. And I was like, oh shit. That time it was just like, everything just goes super slow. I remember us being like very slow terrified too. People were like, dude, if someone pulled a gun on me, I'd fly. It's like I was frozen. Totally frozen. Like Yeah. Fight or Flight. Yeah. This exactly. Second time I You got Robbed twice. Oh, well that time I had got, like, I had already, I like paid this guy money to go get something and bring it to me. And he is like, I got robbed after you gave me the money. And I was like, bro, it's fine. I like, I was like, it's all good, man. He's like, nah man, this is fucked up. And he just fucking like, cocked a gun and like walked. He was like, did you do it? And I was like, how the fuck did I, what are you talking about? Oh, oh. Like you would I set, set him up. Set him up right up.


I was Like, why would I do that? Oh Man. Whatever. But that was the whole thing. And then the, the second time I was in an apartment and it was like someone had owed me a bunch of money and I was bringing them more stuff. So, I had like the money they owed me and like about four pounds of weed. And they, he was gonna give it to some other guy. Huh. And this just dude comes up in a ski mask with the kid who was like, supposedly his customer. And the kid set it all up. Whoa. But that one, I was like, I remember everything slowed down again. But I was able to read their faces and the kid I knew was very much afraid. And the other kid, I was like, he's pretending to be afraid. Ah. And then once the, the guy with the ski mask left with all the money and stuff, I was like, you did, you did that. Did you beat him up? I started choking him. Good. Pretty badly. And then the kid I was, I knew was like, stop, because I was like a blind rage.


I was, you, you're almost just, you have like a gun in your face. You're terrified. That's Horrifying. Yeah. I Was just fucking just holding this kid's neck. Like I know you fucking did that. And the kid was like, stop it. And like, thank God. I was like, oh, okay. Yeah. you know, but I don't, I don't think I wasn't like violent like that though. I was never, that was the only time. It was all, it was like almost all my money. That's Crazy, man. This, yeah, it was pretty How did you get out This? What, what got you out of it? This, because You were on Percocet podcast. Really? Podcast. I wasn't on Percocets. I was selling them. I never, I was selling Percocets. I'm not a vice. I was never like a vice ridden man. Got it. Porn obviously is been My downfall. So you're a true direct You are a true leach on society. I was. Absolutely. Yeah. I had no, I You honestly should have gotten to prison. I'm not gonna lie. I I I think you owed three years of your life to this state. I think I should actually. But now, now I do service do high paid podcast.


That's Yeah, that's right. That's, you're doing a service. But I, I do, I honestly, it's not like a sexy tale because Yeah, usually you have the redemptive arc of like, and then I got caught, but I was always, I was pretty principled. Like I, I remember like, I was like, pills are evil. I didn't know anything about them. I'm like, oh, these are very addictive coke. I was like, this stuff's no good either. But weed, there was a thing where it was like, this is good for people. 'cause I was smoking so much of it. I was like, weed is good for people. I was like, people need weed. It's good for you. I thought it was good for me. you know, I was obviously killing it in life. Fighting. You were you? That's right. Fighting people from Percocets West. People need to be more like you. you know, like if you smoke weed, you can also end up in West Philadelphia with a club in your face. Marijuana will get You was that was for pills. Okay. That was for pills.


We were, you were high at weed was chill. You were high. I was high forever. There you go. I remember I tried to start a policy with every customer. I would smoke a blunt with them and I end up smoking like nine blunts. And it was just completely How you can function. I didn't, I wasn't functioning. Oh. So Do you still smoke a lot? You said no. Right. Okay. So now it's like very, I honestly try to, there was a big impulsive element of it, but now I, I've been trying to do it where I've tried to do this for years, where like, I almost like incorporate it into a meditation practice. Interesting. But then you get into it, you're like, well, why do I even need that if I'm meditate? you know, So, that was kind of like, well, so now it's like special occasions. How Much better did your sleep get? So much better. That's the thing with weed. Yes. You don't, you can even say like, well I'm sleeping better. But your rem sleep is trashed. Yes, yes. Thank You. It's true. That's what was about to bring up.


I was like, it's totally true. There's a lot of people, there's a big p siop by the weed guys who are like, oh, if you smoke a bowl right before bed and it's like, actually you're nuking your rem it it's like people, you know when you get on an airplane and people are like, just gonna have a glass of wine just to go to bed. I'm like, actually you're sleeping way shittier sleep. Yeah. It's like you're actually not sleeping at all. Dude. Nobody wants to hear this Semi-conscious. But Nobody wants to hear this. I tell people all the time. Absolutely. It's like, and the the weed does fuck up your rem sleep. It's, yeah, it's don't, it's true. Don't dream. You don't dream. And everyone knows when I stop smoking weed, I have crazy dreams. Like that's 'cause you're rem rebounding. Interesting. Same as alcohol. Oh dude, it's, yeah. It's like, I, I was completely like, when I was younger, you also, I was making a living off and I'm like, weed is awesome. That's stuff rules. Everybody needs this stuff.


Everyone needs to be selling this stuff under me. That's what happens with heroin though. Heroin, if you're using heroin, you try to convince people to do heroin. Right. Because you wanna start selling it to them so then you don't have to pay. Its really, it's very, that's kind of de Yes. It's very, very evil. And you like, you're like one to inject them too. Yeah. I remember someone explained that to me and I was like, someone offered me to sell heroin. I said, no. I said, no, Thank. You, sir. That's evil. I mean heroin's evil. The pills are evil. But no one knew what the fuck they were. Yeah. I came out of it. I got a Is Percocet the same as Oxycotin? Oxycodone? Yes. Percocet is oxycodone mixed with Asome. Oph Tylenol basically. Okay, so Oxycodone and Oxycontin and Percocet are the same thing. That, is it The same strength? Is that No. What was the whole like pill thing in the two thousands then?


So? that was Oxycontin, right? Or Oxycontin? It was all of them. Okay. It was Percocets. There's a bunch of them. It's Vicodin. That's Vicodin Was Hydro something? Hydrocodone. Hydrocodone. That's, that's Vicodin. Vicodins were less desirable. If you had Vicodins, people would be like, oh fine. Right. But Percocets people wanted them. And then the Oxys came out, which was just like a five milligram Percocet, 10 mil, you know, whatever it was. Oxy would've been like 40. Yeah. It was 80. Right? 80. I read a, I read a book about it and I remember I watched some documentary about the Sackler fan. That shit is evil, man. Dude. It was in Terms of the cash programs and those pill mills. And they had total knowledge. Dude, that's really what led to the heroin spike. All the black tar heroin And everything, dude.


Because these people had no idea what they Were taking. It wasn't, it wasn't just a Sacklers, it was every doctor in the country. Absolutely, dude. I got like, I would give a sore throat, like from my college campus and I'd do on Percocets and I'd be like, no. Yeah. But I, when I, I was like 19 or 18 and I, I got my wisdom teeth out and my friend was like, bro, I'll pay you. He's like, you'll get, if you get pills, I'll buy 'em off you. And I'm like, whoa. So I'll give you $200. I'm like, what? I like for Sure. Yes, Absolutely. I hate medicine. You get my medicine. And dude, and it was like, I, I remember coming out in like of my wisdom teeth in a haze, but remembering, like, I asked them, I was like, what can I, like, what am I gonna get? And they were like, we're just gonna give you like ibuprofen. I I was like, I'm a real baby with pain.


Is there anything else I can have? They're like, yeah, we'll give you like per, I think it was like Percocets or, or hydrocodone. And they just gave me a full vial. And that's, that's horrible. That was the whole thing. That set the whole thing off. 'cause I made $200 off of it. And then once I went to college, I was like, I gotta find more of those things. And my friend was like, yo, these things are awesome. So I didn't do 'em. Interesting. Yeah. And then I watched, dude, I watched firsthand a whole, there was like this apartment complex because at a certain time I was getting, I ended up finding like, I would get like 2,500 Vicodin at a time. Whoa. And I remember my friend would bring 'em into this like, apartment complex and they all get distributed throughout there. And I, dude, I watched this whole like, little ecosystem of people like, fuck degenerate. Yeah. That's when I was like, oh. And I'm, I'm like 19, 20 at the time. Right. And I was like, this is fucking bad. No, it's bad. So yeah, the pills, man, that, that is You should go To jail.


Dude. I'm such a piece of shit. You just gotta give back to society, man. I do. I do though. I do. I'm I'm telling you. That's my, I'm all service now. I'm all service All. right. I'm long. I'm, I'm, I'm wildly overpaid, but I'm a wildly overpaid. That's all Dude. For real though. The thing is, is like, and I, this is why like, I've been researching the world religions a lot. There's a really good book called The Religions, the World's Religions by Houston Smith. And it goes into like the connective tissue between like Hinduism, Christianity, Judaism, you know, everything else. Islam. And I, I do like growing up in a Christian like environment, it was, they don't sell it very well to young people. It's like, this sucks. I'm not, it's like, it's just a bunch of shit you gotta take on face value. I started researching Hinduism when I was like, I mean, it's a classic stoner move.


Just be like, so hi. Be like, oh dude, there's nothing More annoying than white guys who are in So. I know. Then George Harrison wannabes Just like, fuck off bro. In India, they, they literally laugh at you. They're like, yeah, we'll take your money bud. I sure I know. Yeah. Yeah. But it is a beautiful religion. Yes. It's, it's a very, and it was like, for me, that was, it gave me a concept of God from researching it from that angle. And I was like, oh, that kind of makes sense. Good. Yeah, that's great. But I like their rela their, their relationship with pleasure. From what I've read is like, it's not as, and correct me if I'm wrong, it's not as like forbidden. It's like, yeah, if you want pleasure, go get it till you're tired of it. Or is It kind of Well, it, it's hard to say man, because, you know, even calling Hinduism a religion, obviously it is a religion, but it is intrinsic to the land of India.


And I'm really convinced of that as in like, the practice of Hinduism. Like you don't go on Sunday, you just have temples everywhere. People stop on their way and off from work. Like at the end of the day, for special occasions, for little stuff, like, you'll go and you'll ask a blessing. It's not in the, the Abrahamic fates require like rigid practice. And this is much more like a part of daily life. So the religion itself doesn't like say yes or no or whatever about, I dunno, pleasure, hard work. It doesn't like prescribe rules. But the Indian culture definitely also plays like a huge part of it. So I'm not really convi that's, I I see what you're saying. I think Buddhism is a religion. I think that actually is a religion. Yeah. And that's one that can transpose into, you know, western society or whatever.


But Hinduism like, you really, you really gotta be an India if you want to be. That makes sense. A real Hindu, I think. Yeah. Or at least practice it in the way that it's meant to be practiced. You can try obviously, and everybody can do their own thing, but there's a huge amount of people who are Hindus, who are atheists. They don't even believe, like in God It's more, you're saying it's more of a cultural kind of Practice. It's, it's part of the Indian culture. Like it real, like when you're there, it just makes sense. Like that's how people practice their lives. Like each village has its own deity. The way that, you know, there's a certain type of blessing, or they call it a puja, which is a ceremony, which is the type of puja that you would do for, you know, this el this milestone in your life or whatever. Whereas like, Abrahamic fates is like on Sunday or on Friday we pray, we pray five times a day and we do it at this time.


And the, you know, the, the whatever the chant of the prayer and the meat that we eat is like this where, you know, even amongst Hindus, like 40% of Hindus are vegetarian, but 60% are not. So, you know, there's no, there's no yes and no on life on how to live. Like, it's just, it's just very much Yeah. Part of the culture over 8,000, 9,000 years. Yeah, That is, it is, it is such a funny stoner move though to be like, dude, I think I'm no sonar, these two mushrooms and Yoga, it's like girls who are into yoga, it's like, shut the fuck. They're like my ana. They're Like, oh yeah, that is, that is, that is tough. When they start, you start, you know, like four Sanskrit words and you're like, God. Yeah. Suka. Yes. Or the om tattoos, you're just like, yes.


Spare me man. Spare me. I will say, dude, I will say though from like, just like a isn't That a Hindu? Isn't that the Hindu deity kind of looks like it. What do you got going on over there? Yeah, this, Yeah, that is, this might be she. That's Sanscript. That's Sanscript down there. I can't read It. This is, yeah. Oh, this. No. Oh dude, this was a shirt redesigned. Try to sell as merch and it's a very low seller. Yeah, I Know Chalker. Yeah. I, dude, I, I do think though there's something religiously glo, let's just say in the United States, it's like Christianity is, it's cool. It's getting resurgence. I don't think So I statistically, no. Yeah. I Guess maybe that's just the internet memes I'm thinking Of. Yeah. I think you're thinking of trad wife. I'm thinking Of trad wife Es. If you take a look at the stats, Christianity is never I mean, not Christianity, religion.


We have never lived in a more secular country. Yeah. Honestly, even coming back here is shocking. Like to Texas in the modern I mean literally grew up here. This was a deep Bible belt state. That's what I remember. Yeah. And to watch it become like cosmopolitan is, is weird honestly. Yeah. Even when I go back to college station, I mean, I don't know I, guess I just don't feel the same pre, I don't live there anymore. It's just kind of different. Different. But it doesn't just feel the way that it did back then. And in general, stats wise, the EV evangelism, Catholicism, all practicing religions and the rise of people who just call themselves spiritual. Right. It's never been higher. Right. And that's really what I mean. The right wing trad people are the ones who blame that for where we are.


But honestly, kind of to make it political, I think that's why Trump is the first like real secular president. Like everybody knows. Like Trump is Not, he loves to buy what whatcha talking about, dude, he loves to file. Yeah. But it's like, yeah, he, he loves it so much that he sells, sells a copy. but you know, 30% of the people who voted for Trump are literally pro-choice. Like over 30%. That's crazy, right? Yeah. If you think about it in terms of the abortion election and all that. So the mass secularization of America has made being conservative. Like just so though the Texas I grew up and George Oby Bush was literally my governor. Yeah. That type of, you know, conservatism, it's fucking gone. Oh, For sure. For sure. I, I, I think there're well by, to bring it back to my main point, I think the, I do think like there's a lot of people who have left organized religion who are going towards kind of spiritualism.


But now everyone has a very, I think now it's like everyone has a very strained relationship. If people are trying to like, practice some form of like, God in their life. I, I do feel like researching other religions helps people kind of like conceptualize it. 'cause you're like, oh, sure, I'm not going to do this But, you can read that and like, yeah, that kind of makes sense. If you look it at like a giant consciousness Universe, I mean, then even then I mean I, I could defend There's A lot. What are, what are your stances on that? What Religion you have? Religion, God. God. Like, believe me, God, I'm, I'm not religious at all. I mean I grew up around here. So I still have a very like, side eye view of a lot of the Bible belt stuff. Yeah. But I, I think it's good for people now that I've been removed from it for quite a long time. Yeah. They look, there's, you know, it's like the South Park episode about Mormonism. We're like, look, this is some batshit crazy stuff.


But the truth is like they're living a better life than you. Yeah. you know, like I mean. So it's like, maybe, maybe we're the crazy ones, right? Yeah, yeah. you know, they're the ones who believe in planet CoLab or whatever, but they have nine children. They're really happy. They help each other. The Mormon church has no debt. They make sure that you get very cheap education at BYU. If you stay in the fate, they take care of you. They take care of each other. I grew up around a lot of Mormons. They're some of the happiest people I know. They have like multiple children. They settled. Well, they seem like they're doing like really well in life. And they get to, you know, they, they have a big community aspect where they go. You always have just dozens of people who share your values, who are around who, if you're out of town, somebody can come watch your pets or if you need help with your kids or whatever.


So like, they're the winners in life, man. Like, that's, that's the, that's what people need to take away. That's, that's my, yeah, that's my question is like, that's what I'm, what I've been trying to like, read about and like, think about a lot is like, what is the grounding force for like people's lives? And if it, you know, if it dissipates into like, if, if there is no, that's like what religion has been forever. Yes. And now people are People's, The antidepressants, all that's people's now. Like you have to like back up the molecules in your brain because you're sad because your worldview is absolutely inherently kind of bleak. Very, very well sad. And also I mean like woke quote unquote is a religion. Yeah. Any sort or being anti woke is also a religion. Yeah. Politics is a religion for sure. So religion will find a way in its life. Whether you find religion or not. The thing is about it is what I, you know, would advocate for is that I think especially in big cities and like in elite circles, there's a real sneering at religion, but they don't look at it in the way that I just said where it's doing quite a lot of good for people who are in the faith in the community.


So for me, I'm just like, look, you know, do whatever you wanna do. And actually having lived all my entire adult life in mass secular America, we have a lot of problems. Right. Like the gathering place of the secular American is the bar. Yeah. It shouldn't be it that, you know, that's weird actually. Like waiting until you're in your mid thirties to even try to start having children. And then by that time, like I, I don't know, I just think there's A lot of choices. Yeah. They shouldn't be. It choices should in Christ blood, they should be turning it into Christ, blood slamming it. There's Just choices that you make that make it all about you. And one of the things that are really important about religion, it's like, actually no, it's not about you. It's about other people. Yes. And so by doing that and by choosing the secular elite path, You are literally pursuing something that is just all about you.


It's about the pursuit of your own pleasure, about your own money, about all of this. But it will strip away any of the great things in life that will genuinely make you happy. So if you're not religious, then you have to actually consciously seek that out. And I, you know, you prob I I'm tell you about this. You have children now, right? Like, it's probably harder to connect and find like groups of other parents. Whereas in the, if you grew up in Texas in the nineties and you went to church, that's dusted, bro. You're done. Like yeah, you're done. It's day one. It's so, it's sold. Yeah. Like someone will be at your house when your wife gives birth, they will have food waiting in your house. Yeah. All that. But if you don't have that type of community, that's really hard. They're Stuck. The number of people, actually, there's a really interesting like American family studies study that shows that the number of friends, particularly among men, the number of like male friends that people have, has an all time low.


I think the record number is actually in the zero to one category of people who consider themselves like close friends. And so, if you think about it, like in that community aspect, people are lonelier than ever. They're having difficulty really finding a mate. They're really having problems in terms of fostering close friendships. So they're doing what? Betting parlays on Gambling in order to, they just wanna feel something. So Stimulate The brain. They're stimulating the brain. Exactly. As I said, my, that's my problem is like there needs to be some sort of cohesive organizing force and most of them are negative. Gotcha. Where it's like, you know, again, it's like fucking, you know, proud boys all that. You get like the, the things are, and it's, it's not even like, you know, a lot of it I think does come down to the media 'cause it's like, you know, it's like you don't have to take your worldview or your life prescriptive path to the media, but it's like they are experts.


They're this, and it is looked upon as like this is an authoritative source of information. Yeah. And it's just mean, like, everything you see is just like, he's a fucking, this guy is such a loser. Let me tell you about this guy. And it's, it's on both sides. Yeah, absolutely. I think that's bad for people mentally, like a Lot. Well, definitely. But I will give that's some, that's a bit cope also. 'cause people blame the media and it's like, look, that's what you want. People want, like, at a certain point, like it's true. I could be so much more successful, wealthy and famous if I just did that. I actually am actively giving up a lot of That's what I'm, that's what I'm saying. It's like, no, I know, but that's a choice. But I'm making, but the truth is, is that that is what most people want. Most people want to fulfill their base instincts. They want to have that, you know, that dopamine rush of saying Yeah. I mean honestly, Shane's bit about the Fox News Dad.


I mean, I, I actually, the first time I met him I was like, you know, that really is like one of the, probably one of the most important bits you've ever done. Yeah. 'cause it's deeply true. It's in the vernacular now. People will say, I have a Fox News dad. I have a fox. It is a deeply true, like it's a bit, it's a comedy bit, but that is like an archetype and, and something that really does exist. Yeah. Like in, in American society. No, it is. It's true. Yeah. And it's So I. I would flip it and say you there are also M-S-N-B-C moms out there big time. Right. Who are just as bad on wine moms and all that. But it is a cancer on American society. But honestly, that's what they want. Like I was talking with Lexi yesterday and I brought up one of my favorite media quotes, and it's from a book called The Loudest Voice in the Room.


And it's a biography of Roger Ailes, who was the chairman of Fox News and the creator. And he said, people wanna be informed or so people don't want to, people don't want to be informed. They want to feel informed. And I think that is like the most deeply true thing about media that I've ever read. Yeah, no, that that's true. I I guess what I'm saying is is like, it's just bad. It's like, it's bad. 'cause it's like, it's like you were saying, there's a financial incentive to be like a major dickhead. Yes. Which when I, when I first saw reality tv, I was like, this is bad. Yeah. This is going, this is creating a pathway. Right. But it's bad being just a absolute That's good. It's so bad. Yeah. It's so good though. It's bad. Yeah. No, it was bad for America, but it Spun. Watch if you smoking weed back then you would've been like, what the fuck, dude, this is so fucked up. I remember I was just high watching reality TV like this.


This is modeling a type of behavior that also pays off genuinely narcissism. Yeah. Which taps into people's, you know, own like biological drives. And I was like, this is not good. Because that's what's being modeled. That's what's you're pushed unconsciously to do. And like you were saying, like, dude, if you wanted to like really double down anyone, any of us can do it. Oh, it's so American flags back here and be like, let me tell you something motherfucking I get so annoying and be like, you're a grifter or whatever. I'm like, bitch, I'm like, I could make way more money. I could grif Yeah. If I Wanted Yeah. If I wanted to grift, I would grift you, you bitch. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like be like, if I just sat there and be like, look at these liberal tears that are flowing from their faces. I'm telling you all the channels, you put an American flag behind you so you sell your merch hat. And it's just Like, especially for me, brown guy be like brown guy.


He loves Trump and all this. I Know. I know. I know. Dude. So Bored. The problem is, is that I get bored man. I find, I find those people so utterly boring. Yeah. That I have no interest in even talking To them. It's, it's embarrassing. Yeah. It's humiliating. It Humili But. you could make a lot of money. I I've Oh a Shit ton of money. Absolutely. If you're, especially if you're a black, black guy's at top of the market number. If you're a black guy's, the Red Hat, let me tell you something. It's like you'll Be famous overnight. Maga Memaw will be sending you five bucks a month and being like, have you seen this nice young man? But Yeah, I, I do hope we can like somehow move to a, something that animates people other than like, do you think people will ever be animated other than their base instincts by the masses? Or do you think there will be like an actual like Gen pop?


No, gen pop will always be the same. Always be. Yeah. Look, Amer look, America Society, these rise of mass media has always looked exactly the same. Like people think it's worse now than it ever was. Total bullshit. If you go back and you look at the yellow journalism era, like it was insane. That's true. People were true. That's true. People were, you know, slamming each other. And I mean, imagine this American America's news in the 18 hundreds was literally political. Like when you would read the news, you would read the Kentucky Democrat or you would read like the Kansas City Republican. Like literal newspaper was the party that you supported. And one of the ways that people would get interested and instigate politics is socialists and others be like, we're starting a socialist newspaper.


Because the news itself was a political vector. That's crazy. I Didn't know That. Oh yeah. The news. 'cause I've, I was totally bought into like, dude, it's never been this bad. No, Absolutely not. It's bullshit. So like, the thing is, is that in the old days, the rise of yellow journalism of the penny papers, people like William Randolph Hurst and others, and before him like Joseph Gordon Bennett, it was all sensationalism, tabloid. That's where it all comes from. And that was overwhelmingly popular. What happened is, is that the old days that we romanticize is actually a very unique time in American history where the vast majority of Americans were getting their news from the network tv. So in the sixties and the seventies, everybody romanticizes Walter Cronkite. Yeah, yeah. All this stuff. Lemme tell you something, the news was just as fake back then as it is today.


It's just that, thank God we have the internet to be like, no, no, no, no. It's fake and it's bullshit because Yeah. What So I book, it's a slog, but people should read it. It's called Personal History by Catherine Graham. She ran the Washington Post, she was the owner of it and her father bought the paper. And then her son is the one who sold it to Jeff Bezos. But, so she ran the paper for basically her entire life. Her husband ran it, then he committed suicide and she took over and ran it for decades. And if you read that paper, actually, if you've ever watched the movie, the Post it's directed by Steven Spielberg with Tom Hanks. And it's about the Pentagon Papers. Meryl Streep plays her in the movie. And it's really like when reading that book, you're like, you know, she's getting politicking with Kennedy is at dinner and he's like giving them advice on how to write in the paper.


And her husband, who was the owner of the Post is friends with JFK and he's skewing the coverage in a certain way. So everyone has this romantic nature. Yeah. About the sixties and Cronkite. It's like, no, they were just as partisan as people are as today. Yeah. As Rachel Maddow and these people. They were, but America didn't know they had much more higher like institutional trust. And cable news exploded that obviously after the network era, but, and then the rise of blogs and everything. But people were really romanticized this, oh, the news was fair and balanced. It's like, no, it's not that the news is what got us into Vietnam, you know? True. No, it wasn't fair and balanced. These people were writing columns and justifying all this bullshit. They knew what was happening.


They didn't report any of it. It, it was only in like, what, 1968. We finally tell everybody the truth. By that time, 500,000 Americans are sitting in Vietnam. Yeah. JFK We used to go and hang out and all of his secretaries, McNamara and all these guys were hanging out in Georgetown, which is a very rich neighborhood at their fancy ass mansions. Secretly telling them what they should write in their papers. Like, dude, it's, it's always been like as corrupt. Yeah. People just didn't know it. Yeah. I feel like Trump did kind of crack the, he like, he like parted the veil to be like, absolutely. Yo, this is actually a lot of this is bullshit. 'cause The roots of Trump are in, there's a famous clip, 2012 New Gingrich was the Republican debate, South Carolina debate. And the opening question, even I'll admit it, is a crazy question.


They were like, Mr. Gingrich, your wi, he like DI don't know the circumstances. He's on his third wife and he like divorced his wife. I think she was going through cancer or something like that. Oh it was terrible. It was cancer. Cancer. Divorce was bad. Was it Was bad. And it was the second time that he'd done something like that. Anyway, so like that was the opening question. And Gingrich is like, let me tell you something. That was one of the most disgusting acts and the mainstream media is a direct participant, something like that in the Democratic party. And the crap, the pop as you would say from the audience, oh, roars. Like you can hear it on the microphone, like, ah, whoa. And all of that. And I, I watched that clip because all the ingredients for Trump were there the whole time. Yeah. It's just like you have to go and look for it.


Like Michelle fucked And he was the first one that tapped into that. Well he was the first one who attacked this media on the stage and flipped the debate and made it about them. And it was a referendum. And it was like, no, fuck you actually, whoa. When they, and with the, and you could see John King is kind of taken aback. 'cause he's never experienced this before and now it's the norm in Republican politics. Sure. People expected it at that time. It was crazy. It was shocking. But yeah, I mean I watched that clip a lot because I'm like, that's, that's it. That's where Donald Trump, 2015, the famous debate, you know, and me, Kelly's like, Mr. Trump, you've called women pigs. you know, he's like, only Rosie do. And they was just, it's just Everyone. Yeah. Crushed The crowd. Just roars man. And it's like, that was it. Like that's the moment that he won, in my opinion, in the 2015 primary broke politics forever.


But the ingredients were there. They Were all there. Funny, it's funny that he was like, like that was like one of the first dominoes that toppled the mainstream media and he was just trying to get a fourth wife. He was just trying to get something new. He was like, bro, nothing's gonna stop me. Yeah. I mean not the entire mainstream media. No, I think what it is is in all of this is that the base has always hated the media. It's just that the, the politicians, they need the media I mean this is another like fake area out of all of this. Is that the idea that the Republicans hate the media. Like nobody craves media attention more than Republicans for sure. Specifically mainstream media. There are some good ones out there who actually understand that the news is bad and like don't want to give them access. But in reality, like as much as they say they hate it, like they wanna be on CNN bro, they like it, you know?


For sure They wanna go on Fox for sure. They want, they don't, I don't know. I, I, wait, So speaking of the politician stuff, what did, so Matt Gaetz, that's something I can't like wrap my head around. Yeah, he gotta, he got appointed, that's his name. Attorney General. That's right. Attorney General. Yeah. He's nominated to be the Attorney general. And what the big, the big thing about him is that he might have trafficked kids. So man, I That's A weird, that's a weird one. The details are very strange. So, and and to be fair, the DOJ did drop their case against Exactly. So they investigated it and they leaked a lot of the details. So he was never convicted or even prosecuted Yeah. Of any of this. And there genuinely was some weird, I, I'd have to go back and look at the details, but somebody was trying to blackmail him for like $25 million and that's how some of this stuff came out.


But like empirically, he was definitely like hooking up with like very young girls and like hanging out with sketchy people and getting blackout drunk. Like all while he was a congressman. Yeah. Yeah. So the detail, as I understand it, 2021 from to now there's been a three year investigation in the House ethics committee about Gates. And his behavior from that was instigated by an attorney who filed a complaint claiming to represent an underage girl who says that she slept with Matt Gaetz whenever she was underage. Now obviously though she may claim that, but as I understand it, the feds did investigate at least some of these claims and of course they haven't brought charges. Sure. So the report itself was due to be released I think tomorrow actually when from the day that we are taping. And that report now will not be released.


Because what happened is, is that Gates got nominated to be the Attorney General and he resigned as a House of Representatives. So the House ethics committee, two days later of his nomination was supposed to release that, but they will no longer release the report because he's no longer a sitting member of Congress considering his resignation. So there's some background in All this that's kind of sketchy. Yeah. Look, I mean his behavior has also made it a little weird in terms of, first of all, just what he admitted to is wild. Right? Yeah. Also, why would he be appointed though? It almost seems like he'd have perhaps dirt on DJ JTI don't know, you know what I mean? Be Like, no, I don't think it's a dirt thing. Dude, gates is just one of his, like, he's one of his biggest, he's One of his Bros. Don't Yeah, no, not bros. He's one of his biggest defenders on television. Yeah. He's one of those people who will like anything goes like, he's all in I.


mean, look, I get it, It seems tactical. I'm saying to like, to abandon Congress, have a higher job. Right. Two days before potentially the shoe drops But, you could read that into that if you want, but That's What I'm trying but I mean, but at the same time, like why would Trump go along with that scheme then, right? Like, 'cause for this Trump would've to be like, okay Matt, I'll bail you out. But that's what I'm saying. Yeah. That's he of the dirt I get. I don't know, I'm, I'm just wildly speculating. I don't think so. I'm trying to figure out why appoint somebody with such a sketchy record. Oh, I mean, I think that the case, he, Your outspoken case, He is a true believer. That's what it is. He's been all in for Trump for eight years. He was his biggest defender on television. Trump loves him. He always goes on Fox and he's always, Matt Gates is always like, I'm all in for Trump. Got it. To be fair, gates is an interesting guy. Like from my perspective, he has generally been anti-war.


Like he's been sponsored a lot of stuff with progressive Democrats about trying to end forever wars. Okay. He's somebody who wanted to pardon Edward Snowden. He opposed the Julian Asan stuff. You'll like this. He's very pro weed. He's one of the most pro marijuana members of Congress. Of i, I don't care what we, one of my, I like mushrooms right. By the way. Well, well we're coming for that next, but he had, he yeah, he's, he's actually quite libertarian is the way Okay. He's pro Bitcoin, you know. I see, I see. He's, I see he's been a heterodox guy for a while. So I'm actually, I'm not that, you know, worried about people hate Matt Gates 'cause you know, I mean, look, he's, he's kind of an asshole like media wise for sure. He's got a reputation about town and he likes to come in and he blow, he, he, he likes to mouth off.


Can we put it that way? Yeah, yeah. For sure. He's got a bad, like the publicans hate him because he's, he's the one who mounted that coup against Kevin McCarthy and got Kevin McCarthy kicked out. So yeah, a lot of the establishment types hate him. But Trump loves him 'cause he is loyal and he wants him to like root out a lot of the people who are in the Department of Justice who he would see as like, you know, deep state or enemies or whatever. For sure. And I honestly think Gates would do that. But I mean it is crazy because ag is like a real dude. You're the chief law like legal officer of the United States. Like you have to determine the legality of President's actions. You direct the Department of Justice and the FBI like what type of cases we're gonna prosecute or not. Like you make the call on some like really big decisions, like you have to write the legal justification sometimes for what the president is doing.


Work with the White House counsel's office. I mean it is a real no shit job. Yeah. Like it's a real job. And Yeah. I'm glad you said that because I had, that was my next question. I had to go look, look it up. Fuck the Attorney General. I had to go look it up. 'cause I was like, yo, does he even have a law degree? But he does. Yeah. But I was like, I don't know if he's a lawyer. you know, That's fucking wild So that it is about, we're about to enter like, you know, what's the, the Senate and the House are Republican now? Yes. The Senate, the House. Okay. Get two Supreme Court picks most likely. Yes. Yeah. Alito and Clarence Thomas. Yeah, that's right. They'll probably resign. Although Sonia Sotomayor, one of the Democrats, she's 70, but she does have type one diabetes and Democrats have tried to get her to resign 'cause they were like, Hey, you need to go So that Biden can, Biden can switch poison somebody. But she pulled an RBG and she's like, I'm not going anywhere.


Whoa. Yeah. Damn. Because they they wanted one. Yeah. You wrote like, what's up? Can you believe that? She didn't, these people are such narcissists. She's Yeah, I can totally believe that she did that. So believes in power and that, and like, not even being part I mean I'm, look, I don't really care, but it's more from a liberal perspective. It's like, if you think this is fascism in the end of democracy, like bitch then resign. Like, whatcha doing? Yeah, I know. You're literally type one diabetic, seven years old and you're obese. Like, what do you think's gonna happen? Look at a fucking actuarial table. Like, Dude, be it's, it is sad though if you think about like, even like what happened to Biden, it's like being that old and being driven by kind of like the power drive until like your brain just falls apart. It's pretty fucking Terrible. I mean I say it's sad, but it's also like pathetic and deeply egomaniacal and narcissist and that at the end of the day, you know, that's what it takes to be a politician.


Like that's the truth. True. Is he by the way, has been the same his entire life. So I talked about this book yesterday with Freeman called, what It Takes is written in 1988. It's about the 1988 presidential campaign. That's where Biden had that plagiarism scandal. He's been an egomaniacal narcissist. Yeah. Chip on his shoulder guy for his entire life. So, you know, what they say about when you get old is it just makes you more of what you already are. Oh gosh. Like you're just more, you're just, if you're already an arrogant fuck, like you're just gonna be more of an arrogant fuck when you're old. Like, that's That's so sad, man. It's true. Yeah. It's so sad. Yeah. That, that was, that was my overarching point with the religion. It's like, you need, I feel like as a society, we need a vehicle for self-transcendence, So that you don't become a just 80-year-old walking around demented like trying to lead the country.


Yeah. Yeah. It's I mean. I, at the end of the day that's like genuinely like self idolatry. He's like, I am the one I will stop Donald Trump. I'm the most important figure. Nothing is bigger than me. I, you know, it's, it's pure narcissism. And he's chiefly responsible for both, for being a terrible president, but also for the loss of the Democratic party. Yeah. It really I mean it's, it's, it's crazy. Yeah. If I were them, I would be freaking out. I I'd be, I would, I would be so furious. I mean nobody has fucked their party more than George, than Biden since George W. Bush and his handling of the Iraq war. Yeah, For sure. What do you, what do you think the, the future of the Democratic party and local 'cause I thought the same thing. Like, dude, if they don't like, I think they're gonna need an outsider ca they're gonna need a Democratic Trump. Yeah. That, that was my prediction.


I not necessarily Democratic Trump, but if we're in an era, so for example, like Obama, like Rose from the ashes. Right. Because you know, he was a known name senator. He gave it a great speech. No for big fucking good deal. Okay. Yeah. But then he came outta nowhere. He had anti-war credentials and Harry Reid is actually the one who was like, You should run for president. He's like, you're not a good senator. He's like, you don't like it here. He's like, get outta here. Go run for president. He's the first person who put that in Obama's mind. But with the, the rest of them, like if we look in the past, bill Clinton also came out of nowhere in 92. Right? We had 12 years of Republican rule. Yeah. In 1982. Was it Reagan? 1992 Bush. It was Reagan and it was Bush and Clinton. I mean he was a no-name governor from Arkansas.


But he created this thing, the Democratic Leadership Committee, which like basically moved the Democratic party much more to the right and made it more of like a neoliberal thing. And that's how he was able to win like a major victory in 92. Yeah. So somebody will come. I think that person needs to come from the ashes though. I think anybody tainted by the stain of like woke him from the 2000 tens and the great awoken onward on top of like the Biden and all the trans shit and all this. Yeah. Plus, you know, I just this whole last decade has been a nightmare. Right. It Collapsed in on itself. Yeah. And it collapsed in on on itself. So anybody really tainted by that at the national political level, they're gonna have a tough time in my opinion. And that's why even though I think Gavin Newsom's very talented and I think that Josh Shapiro, Gretchen Whitmer, Pete Buttigieg and all these other people, I think that they, you know, they like to believe that they could overcome it and maybe Right.


Like Trump could fuck everything up and he could be a nightmare. Right. In terms of his popularity. And it'd be easy to beat him. Anybody could. But if, if he doesn't and if he governs even reasonably well fifth, 40, 50% approval rating, you're gonna need somebody with like real political entrepreneurship and skills to be able to rise out of that. Yeah. And they have, they kind of, the Republican side has a kind of like a, I feel like a deeper roster. They could, people that they could tap that are also like, you know, know like, like RFK. He's, he can like talk, he, he's not like, like a total robot publican. Well he's not Republican, right. So he's whatever he is. He's independent. Yeah. He's, yeah, he's an independent, he's endorsed Trump. Yes. Although I don't think RFK will ever run again. I don't, he will think this is it for, I don't he will. But I'm saying they seem to have like a tulsi Gabbard. Like they have like a deeper roster of people. Maybe that's just me 'cause I'm biased, but it's like Maybe, I don't know if anyone like boot, like you're saying, like these like Newsom dude, booty Edge is like, I really think they need a new person.


Absolutely. Entirely. You need somebody who is totally untainted by the system. And that's real. That's what Obama was. That's what Bill Clinton was. Yeah. I mean the appetite for, although I will say the appetite, the thing is about the Democratic base is now it's rich white people. And the thing is about rich white people is they don't really give a shit about a lot of stuff. They just wanna win. Like, I'm serious like's they are just like, we want to win. True. They're like, oh, you need to say what? Okay. Whatever. you know, like say it just win. So it is a little different this time because this time around as whatever narrative they're sold about what will beat Trump, that's who they're gonna nominate. Yeah. That's why they, that's why they nominated Biden. They didn't care what he stood for. I know. They were like, we need somebody, we need Trump outta here. Yeah. It, it was, You know, that's what it's gonna be like.


Bring out the dancing black ladies. They they, they threw everything. They were like, oh my god. Beyonce Cardi. So Were you as shocked as I was that they get paid, I had no idea that these knew celebrities got paid. I I had no idea. I didn't know. I was so naive. I thought celebrities just did it 'cause they supported them. If they didn't get paid events. 'cause they're at the Diddy parties So that you better, like, you better show my W2. Yeah. Man, it's just so weird to be like, we're gonna have A million dollars to Oprah. A million dollars. A million Bucks. Dude, she's A billionaire. What the fuck do you need a million dollars for? What are we Doing I mean? It's a nice little treat though. Yeah, sure. But we'll give you bail. He's like All. right? It's like, Don't you already support Kamala? Like just, just do it. you know? And that's the thing is I don't think they're getting paid to say something that they don't already believe. But if you already believe it, just do it for free. Like why, why would you? I don't think they believe it.


You can't, you can't. Maybe you're right, bro. You can't get, like, there's no way. There's no like, you know, and again, it's like Republicans, I'm not like a, a big Republican guy, but I really like zoom in on like the liberal Democrat, like the modern liberal democrat type. It's like, I don't really see a coherent vision at all. It's, it's all, it's too bought in on the, the postmodernism, which is in itself is self contradictory and goes nowhere. Definitely. So that's kind of what happened to them. They like, it was their, like Trump was the rights energizer battery pack. Theirs was like the postmodern racial power versus, you know Yeah. Worldview. Yeah. It was very, it's very odd. And it just, it just literally collapses in on itself and it contradicts itself. Like, you know, there's no hierarchies. It's like, well who do you prefer? Trump or Biden? Well, there's a, there are hierarchy all that bullshit, but it's like they all, they're gonna have, if I were a Democrat, like leading the campaign, an outsider candidate and I would come by and be like, if you're a Trump supporter, I still love you, man.


Yeah. That's all they have to, that's all they have to do. Yeah. That's they have to do, bro, I love you I mean they made the whole dictator fascist playbook that they ran this time. That was very stupid. you know? Yeah. They did. So I don't know how they're gonna do it, man. I, I really don't, I have confidence that they will figure it out just because people are too triumphalist. As in, I know, I always talk about this 2008 Obama wins. Right. They're like, we will never lose an election again. James Carville literally wrote a book called 40 more Years. Yeah, yeah. About how the Democrats will be in power forever. Demographics are destiny. It's over, it's a white party. And now Donald Trump has won two outta the last three presidential elections. The last one, he won the popular vote and he won Latino men. He basically completed a racial realignment of the US politics.


It's insane. Imagine going back, you know, to 2008 and telling me that that was only 16 years ago. Man. It Wasn't that long. And Obama lost his juice when he, they like, they trotted him out to be like, oh, yell at young black guys. Like, dude, it just was like, ah, man, That's, he's sneering. Just like that's, I I I have Obama derangement syndrome. Like I hate Obama. And like, not for the reasons that like white boomers hate him. We, like he is destroying this country. I was working construction when he got elected and it was a somber day for like, just for the boomers. Yeah. White. Yeah. Like boomer age white guys. They would come to work and be like, they, and they were just mad. He was a black guy. Yeah. That was it. It it were just, they came in and they were going. It was so, it was kind of funny.


Yeah. But I, I do agree. I I think there's something very sinister about rapping yourself in that like cultural identity and like Yeah. I call him Instagram president. He, he's this fucking, you know, he's just this cultural elite. He's everything that he supposedly stood against. I know. And the way that he governed, you know, he came and he was supposed to end the Iraq war and the financial crisis he was supposed to solve, he fucked both of those up. We had a horrible economic depression for the, you know, the entire period. I mean, look, if you wanna look at the wealth inequality, he got the explosion, the lack of wage growth. That all happened under Obama. He got lucky that MIT Romney ran against him. All the ingredients to be able to beat him were there. Romney Romney just ran a terrible campaign.


And then immigration in 2014, he over interprets his mandate and he's like, you know what? Fuck this. I'm gonna do whatever I want. I on immigration. And he goes all in and he does daca. And it honestly, that is responsible for Donald Trump. Because what he did is he both polarized the liberal base on the issue of immigration, which was amnesty first, maybe border security sometime in the future. But he also energized the Republicans who were like, oh my God, when they have power, they're gonna mass legalize literally millions of illegal immigrants. And that it leads to the 2014, that 2014 executive order leads directly. One year later, Trump comes down the escalator and says, no, we're gonna build a wall and Mexico is gonna pay for it. So there are direct consequences Yeah. For these actions.


And immigration is the number one reason, in my opinion, why Donald Trump was elected. Like for sure. There's no question even in My mind, what do you think about the population collapse that's gonna come when all like the boomers go and that's, you don't think we, you don't think we're gonna have to just importing people? No. I mean, I think that's a very convenient explanation. I mean, look at a certain point too if, Well, how, if the numbers dip, how is it, how's it not real? No, What I'm saying is that the idea that first of all, that we're gonna have population collapse and we're like, Japan is just like not true, but there's Yeah, yeah. There, first of all. But the second is, there's this presumption that the only way to do it is to import like basically like second class citizens from South America. Did you ever read the next Hundred Years by George Friedman? I have not read that book. That's, I think I'm familiar with the thesis. That's his big thing.


Yeah. So I I mean this is a very popular way that people justify like mass migration. First of all, like there's another way which is you could try both economic and social incentives to change the picture. But the other thing is, there's something like really sick about this idea that the only way to like incr that the birth rate itself is the only thing that matters and not like what the actual makeup of the United States is. Yeah. And that all the secondary and the third, the secondary tertiary effects of what mass illegal immigration like does to the US economy, to US society, it makes a mockery of like US law and like the, the entire way our immigration system works is just totally fucked up. Like people don't understand, like the, our immigration system is totally unique in the western world.


The entire rest of the western world has basically merit based immigration. We are the only country still left on family-based chain migration. So the way, what that means is that, so I'm a US citizen, right? And so, 'cause I was born here, I was born here in Bryan, Texas. But the way it would've worked is my parents who immigrated here, their family members have a preference in the US immigration system. Yeah. If they were able to sponsor someone to come to America, it doesn't matter whether those family members are, are they college educated? Like who are these people? Right? Like, do you have a degree? Like what's your job? Like, are you able to support yourself? That makes sense. If you market to Australia, they're like, they have a points based immigration system, so they're like a college degree. Cool. Oh, you speak English much higher up at the list for sure. Right. That's how it should work.


It should be merit based. It should be based upon are you going to benefit the America? Now people get very squirrely about this because it is contrary to the way that what I talked about earlier, the 18 hundreds mass immigration. Yeah. That was my mom's dad came over. Okay. But here, oh no, it was the 19 hundreds. Sorry. Right. But here's a good quote that I heard. We don't make immigration policy for our grandparents. We do it for our grandchildren For sure. So just because some, so in the 18 hundreds we had what Industrial revolution? We needed a shit ton of basically just like bodies. Dumb sit there. Yeah. Bunch like shovel. Oh, you can swing a shovel. Cool. You're fucking Slovenian, who cares? Whatever. But that's not how the US economy works. Yeah. The US economy is a service-based economy. Our manufacturing jobs are high tech manufacturing.


Like you need to be able to speak English to function in America. Of 12 million people illegally entered this country in the last four years. The 27% of 'em don't have a high school diploma in Spanish, by the way. So they're barely literate in Spanish. Damn. 20 something percent of them have barely completed a high school education by Latin American standards or wherever they came from. And then only a small portion are actually college educated. So look, be real. Look at the stats. What is that gonna cost the United States? Are they bad people? Absolutely not for sure. But it makes a mockery of this idea of, first of all, if just order, like in terms of being able to just come here, no matter who You are, you can just raise your hand fake, say, I fear for my life.


Yeah. You're an economic migrant. Let's all be honest. And if you interview these people, they'll tell you the same. They like, I came here for a job. I I don't begrudge you. That's fine. But the point is, is that you can't allow that system to be in place where basically the cost of the bill of all this is gonna come down to us. So we need to dramatically shift to a, to an actual merit-based immigration system. That's number one. But two, what we really need to do is also consider after that period of massive immigration of European migration, we had social chaos in this country. Yeah. We actually were becoming like ethnic. There was a whole war over this. Teddy Roosevelt gave a famous speech. There is no hy we are done with hyphenated America. And hyphenated be like, you know, like I'm a slo Asian American.


Yeah. He was like, no, we're all Americans. Yeah. We need to be done with Hyphenation. And that led to a complete shutdown, basically of US immigration from the 1920s up until the Immigration Naturalization Act of 1965, that immigration moratorium actually allowed for assimilation where the term white became popular. Because it's like, as you know, if you read a book, it ask white Protestants Were Irish people white. Yeah. In 1920. Absolutely not. Okay. Yeah. Like ask people like, they're like Lithuanian. They're like, you're Lithuanian, you're not white. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That was bad. Just so we're all aware that was bad. Yeah. And so the change in that, we need to go through that again. Like we need to completely change the way that we've, our foreign born population has never been as high than previous from the 19, I think in the late 19 hundreds, right around when we had the same immigration moratorium.


We're signing up for the same levels of problems where our heterogeneous population is just way too removed from each other. We don't have a common civic understanding or any of this. And the truth is, is that if you just keep importing 1 million people per year. Per year, and then the vast majority of them are illegal, no disorder, disorderly process. Like, dude, this just breaks the civic foundation of the country. Like it's just not gonna work. Yeah. And I say this to somebody whose parents came from India. Like, but that's my point is I'm here now. I'm a citizen. Like I have to care about my children, my grandchildren. Yeah. What country are they gonna grow up in? Yeah. And it's also, it's, it's like, so it is kind of a bullshit thing to be like, well since your, you know, parents came, you have to decide it's So I can change, change my fucking Mind. So what? Yeah. Why?


Exactly. It's by the way, they left the third world So. I could live in the first world and I could make up my own mind. Amazing. Yeah. The best part of coming to America and to the west. Anybody who is from like a western or a non-Western country will know this In the non, in non-Western countries, you're kind of like told what to do. There's a path and there's, you know, there's a cla rigid class system and there's like, this is how we live our lives. Like, yeah. That's the best part about coming here, man. You can do whatever you want. You can say whatever you want. No mobility. Yeah. The social mobility here is better than anywhere else in the entire world, Dude. And that's, that was the problem. I, I went to school for social work. Like when I went to, I got my graduate degree in social work and and you were like, if you brought up social mobility, the teachers would real like be like, that's a myth.


No. No it's not. No, it's not. It's, I really like that's No, it's not. And they're like, that's a myth. Does Wealth, does wealth give you privilege? Absolutely. But actually I think I read that people who are born in the upper quintile, if you look at the, the across generations after like three generations, their kids are usually backed Down shirt, sleeves and shirt sleeves. Yeah. Shirt sleeves to shirt sleeves, generations. Yeah, exactly. It does have a money. Extreme money has a degenerative effect. Oh, absolutely. It like, it's obviously it's incredible, you know, bounty to be born with a ton of money. But dude, it like kind of warps people big time. One of my favorite books is The Fall of The House of Vanderbilt. And it's exactly about this. Really. And it's basically, I think a hundred years after Cornelius Vanderbilt died, his generations not a single one of them was a millionaire, not one.


And the first Vanderbilt, after Cornelius Vanderbilt to make anything of himself was one of the only Vanderbilts not to be born with money. His name is Anderson Cooper. What? He's the first Vanderbilt member of the Vanderbilt family to not be born with money. The first one who was broke, who made anything out of himself. What the fuck? Yes. Yeah, that's it. Anderson Cooper is the first successful Vanderbilt in like 200 years since Cornelius. Since Cornelius, the Commodore, Commodore Commodore. I didn't, I heard he's a Vanderbilt, but it's always like he's a CIA. Yeah. His mother was Gloria Vanderbilt. Yeah. And whoa. Yeah. I mean, and and you read their stories. The money just destroyed them. It destroyed their family. Yeah. All of them just became like degenerate Dantes who became, you know, I mean they were addicted to alcohol and drugs and they would blow it on these gigantic houses.


And you know, they got caught up in the British rat race and they, they all became Dollar Princess. I love the term Dollar princess. It Was a dollar princess. A dollar princess is in the 18 hundreds. American industrialists were filthy rich. And the way to have social mobility is they were like, we need to get our daughters married to English lords. Ah, but the English lords were broke. And so they were like, oh, we'll marry your kids. So Winston Churchill's mother, she was a dollar princess Jenny Churchill, and they were, they hit the Duke of Marlboro, I forget exactly what his name, it was another Churchill, I think it was Randolph Churchill. He married one of Cornelius Vanderbilts, I think he was a granddaughter, A great-granddaughter. Same thing. He bailed him out. So he literally go, he could rebuild his house and after they got married, he was like, by the way, I don't give a shit about you at all.


Oh my God. He's like, I literally don't care. God. Yeah. Do whatever you want. He's like, I married you for your money. He's like, I'm just gonna go do whatever I want to do. Like, I'm just gonna go live my life. Yeah. That's kind of, that's crazy. Crazy. It's horrible. It's horrible. Her life ended up, it, it was a nightmare unfortunately for her. Yeah. Well it's also very rigid and I know if you have generational wealth, it's like you're, you have to, you can get cut outta the will then you're fucked because You are it Yes. There's stuff, stuff like, there's all of that. And then, you know, you have that house, the Bilmore down in, in North Carolina, the largest house literally ever built in the United States. It was built by a Vanderbilt. you know, it's just, you read about them. Like this guy would've like seven marriages in the course of his life. Dude, I, I did work in Arlan, Spector's estate. Yeah. He was dead. And it was, I think one of the, The senator from Pennsylvania.


Yes. Yeah. I painted his house. I like really, me and my friend helped paint his house. Did you ever ask him about JFK? Huh? About JFK. They were dead. He was dead. Oh. I should have asked him, but that's why I think he got a nice little estate. Yeah. But the dude, it was, it was just like his surviving family members. And it was real like, sad man. Like, we were in there like using oil primer and like the lady came in was just like, this smells we're like, yeah, we had a Yeah, it's fucking right. Oil paint. She's like, well I have a party coming in. We're like, You should, Yeah. Okay. And dude, she started spraying, just walking around as if you were like an in, she would just spray perfume in the room. And if you were standing there, she would just go like right in your face. Jeez. My mom, my mom was a maid for the DuPonts and she said it was the same thing. She was a maid of the house of the guy who was like a, it became like a psycho killer.


A wrestler guy. Really? Wow. She was down there and she said it was like, she was like, I remember her being like, it was a very sad, it was just like a sad vibe in the house. I mean after a hundred years. Yeah. Basically destroyed them all. Yeah. And it, it is very sad because most of them, the burden of, and it's not just them. I read another book about the a, the Astor family. I mean John Jacob Astor was like one of the first like real millionaires in the United States. He was a slumlord in Manhattan. He was like this Dutch slumlord. He was like, Hey, yeah. He is like, how many of you immigrants can charge $20 today? But, and then, and you know, and his family, like they become these titans of society and all of that. And one of his, what great-grandson I think died on Titanic. He was the one, he was the richest man on the Titanic.


And he died on Titanic. What his 19-year-old wife who just impregnated. She got off, she had a baby, became the Titanic baby. And what, because Yeah. 'cause he was literally in his mother's womb. Whenever she was, she was saved off of the Titanic. But basically after him, and he was by the way, ended up being like some degenerate playboy, you know? So it's like, it didn't really look up to it. So. that is the funny thing you can achieve. It is very funny though, to be like, you can achieve at the highest level just so your grandson can just like crash a boat while he is like coked up. Right? Yeah. I mean one day It happens all blow up on a river. All the Rockefellers, you know John Di John D Rock, he was kind of a psycho actually. Yeah, yeah. But his, his son actually was relatively successful. He seemed like a good guy.


His grand, his son's Nelson Rockefeller, he the vice presidential nominee for the Republicans governor of New York. But after that, you know, things start to drift off and now we're in the, you know, the fifth and the sixth generation. You're like, who? Yeah, it happened to the Kennedy family dude. you know, it's like the, the longer you go down the Kennedy family, you're like, is there anybody impressive in the Yeah, I saw JFK's grandson going around the DNC when I was there, like filming tiktoks and stuff. And I was like, bro, ah, That's, that's the kiss Death. Like fucking John f Kennedy's grandson. I know. I wanna shake him. I'm like, live up to your goddamn father, your grandfather. That's gotta be a crazy family to be a part of. Oh yeah. I just wanna be like, if you're greatgrandfather, the patriarch could see you. He'd be sick if he was like looking around just fucking dancing.


Yeah. He's like taking cellies and be like, Hey guys. Like, I was like, you suck dude. Just lady Gaga like Yeah. I was like, dude, this guy blows. He's a dandy. It is. He is. It is absolute dandy behavior. Yeah. That It just does suck. 'cause it's like you want to do well, but it's like, if you kind of like, you know, if you just try to go for the absolute top Yeah, it does. Like without a vision of some sort, you just end up just kind of like, I think that anybody who comes into even like a modest amount of money, like you probably need to do some serious thinking. You do. And you really need to be like, okay, like what is my life gonna look like? Look, children like this, This is why people need to sell a lot of weed when they're 20. Oh really? Yeah. I did this, I had the hero's journey.


I came into like, I would make like $4,000 a week and just be like, holy shit. you, I was killing it. Well, 4,000 times. I, I, I lost all it, I lost all Of it 4,000 times. 52 is how much? That's 200 something thousand Dollars as like a 25-year-old dude. And I got to like, I got And That's all cat. You're not even paying taxes. Yeah. I paid taxes. No, you get the ego inflation and then like I got, but the rug swept out, out from under me. So. that was one of the best experiences of my life. To lose All. right. To get like the ego pump and then to have it just ripped away from you. 'cause otherwise Yeah. Dude, if like, if you, if if you catch that, like it gives you the thing like when things are going well, I have an understanding like, yeah, you you're a boss, they can definitely not go well very quickly. Oh, absolutely. Also, I would just say I've met a lot of people who are like super wealthy and all of them are pretty weird.


Yes. Like every person I know, every person I've ever met with a hundred million more net worth, I'm like, dude, you're a weirdo. Well, can't connect with anybody. You can't talk about like, if you even broached certain subjects. Right. 80% of people are gonna be like, you Wanna know? Funny? I was talking About Can't Fucking Nice. And I was like, yeah, you know, when you're in an airport and he's like, oh, I haven't been in an airport in 20 years. And I was like, whoa. You know? I was like, oh, cause you fly private. I was like, I've never even been on a private plane. I was like, that's a crazy, That was, it was just so casual. He was like, I haven't been in an airport in 20 years. I Know. I was Like, whoa. I was just like, what a Life. Yeah. Like what does that even look like? Yeah, Dude. I, I was talking to somebody one time that was excited about like flying first class and he was like, dude, my kids have never not flown private. And I was like, I don't even think about that.


I was like, fuck. Yeah, but that, that probably really fucks them up. I mean, what are they gonna do then whenever they have to fly economy either They'll be stoked. Oh, here's the thing. I remember I grew up in like a, a upper middle class suburbs. So like, I moved to West Philly and I was in the hood and I was like, this is so cool. And then like, so maybe they'll just be on an airplane and be like, wow, maybe. Yeah. But I mean, you know, sometimes you're, what is it, like Sea on Southwest and you're like trying to go for the middle seat or whatever, and you're like, my life sucks. Yeah, true. That's, that's true. Would Be, and I'm talking about plane I mean, now I'm talking about, you know, this, you're Northeast guy, mega buss. Like when you're taking like a midnight mega bust in New York City to take the cheapest one and you're like, well take a bag. And when I get there, like changing a bathroom and dude, Mega bus.


Mega bus. We did the China, there was a Chinatown bus. Oh, the China, China, China Chinatown. I know what that one was. A pregnant lady driving. You're like, what the fuck? But dude, yeah, it's Stomach's up against the steering wheel. Yeah. Yeah. For real. Dude. There was for real a pregnant lady driving it before. But people Drug addicts are like freaking out in the back and someone's like, Hey, can Y'all Keep it down back there? They'll be like, shut your goddamn mouth. Yeah, That is true. It is. It does kind of set the bar too high. Absolute. And then it's like, all you can ever do is be disappointed in life or, you know, like I, again, I, I did eventually become very disillusioned with life in the Hood. I was like, this is of course sad. I was like deeply sad, bro. It's so dude. It's real. So sad. Yeah. 'cause It's, the systems are like designed to just keep everybody down.


And dude, I mean, look, they have individual responsibility for sure. But like, also the, the way the entire thing is designed for sure. It's like they keep it contained. Nobody cares. Everyone just wants to pretend like it's over there. And It's, dude, it's real. Like, it's like, I remember me, I Ibotta house in West Philly with my brother when I was like 21. It was like the house, dude. The house was $27,000 I lived in there. Whoa. Yeah, it's pretty, it was pretty fucking awesome. But the Did you hang onto it? Did you Sell it? We sold it and then it got knocked down and meat. It was structurally it had a tree growing through the basement. Yeah. It was bad. But the, but I remember like going into like my neighbor's house and they were like, it's funny 'cause when you live there, like there are a lot of like, like, you know, when you grow up, like I, I grew up my parents watching Fox News. It's just the news being like, black guys are up to no good again.


And it's like, so you get this like, skewed picture and then you meet the individuals and you're like, damn, these are like some of the nicest people. There's, they're obviously there's people like there's doing monsters behavior. But I remember like the first time I walked into somebody's like their h my neighbor's house, it's like visually jarring. 'cause it's like, everything's just fucked up. Like every, there's no symmetry. The everything's built fucked up. And it's like, I remember like being, and you know, there's just like bugs. Yeah. And just being like, fucked dude, that's, it was like, just crazy. I know. But then it's like, that's why you have to do good. It's, it's like the brutal reality behind all of like the, you know, let's save everyone political messaging. It's like, dude, nobody, you have to bail yourself out at the end of the day. You just have to, it's sad. It's not fair. Yeah.


I look at it But, you have To do it Two ways. As in you, we have to of course, like design and move systems to create like a quality of opportunity. But, you also have to have a responsibility given the circumstances. For example, like, I dunno, any money, anything, anything that you're working with, I'll often be like, what a bullshit. For example, and you guys probably have this too. I, you know, crystal and I co-own our show. We're small business owners too. And we have to deal with all the small bit and all of the paperwork and all the fucking accounting and all the shit behind it is mind-numbing. It's stupid. It makes no sense. Yeah. It's genuinely not fair because these major corporations and all these other people get all of these crazy tax breaks and we're sitting here trying to figure this stuff out and it sucks all of our time.


And it's super stressful. Yeah. And I could just be like, oh, it's not fair. And it's, it's actually not fair. Yeah. The people who are small business owners, you get fucked. Like that's the reality. Yeah. Yeah. But, you just have to do it. Right. So I'm like, okay, I'm just gonna sit here. I'm gonna spend 10 hours of my goddamn time learning the ins and outs of all of this to make sure I'm not getting ripped off on my accounts. Why don't just pay an account? Oh, you double check the account, dude. You Gotta double check man. I mean Sure, sure. I mean, look, you're, I'm like, you, you know, Patreon and all this. I wanna be a good steward of other people's money. Like, I don't mean pissing people's money Pissing away. That makes sense. Makes it's not nice. Yeah. You can't do that to People. That Makes sense. Yeah. I mean it's a serious responsibility when you're like, Hey, pay me $10 a month. Like, it's not a fucking joke, dude. Yeah. You're like, actually you're have to be become a steward of that money for real. Well, hold on Man.


You wanna give their money, man. That's just, yeah, but no, I agree. I agree. You gotta give 'em something. You gotta do something. You can't just piss it away. You Work, you're working for them and you can't just, you know, and it's also money. It's like, like look, I grew up Indian, so you know, we're fun. We we money. It means something. you know, you're taught from a very young age, dude. It's like, dude, there, it's, and I don't care how much money you have, like a hundred dollars will always be a hundred dollars to me. I, I know Exactly what That buys and I know what it means and what it does. And like, It's still, it's funny 'cause it's in, in where I'm from in Garden Valley, Pennsylvania, there has, there's been like a massive influx of the Indian population. All everyone I know, like people have like landscaping companies, they're like, bro, they're like just haggling on the fucking law frame. And they like, they're, he is like, their lawns are this fucking high. Yeah.


You'll be like, oh, I'm not paying it. It's like my cousin's like, bro, they haggle me to fucking death. It's really funny. Yeah. Fuck 'em. But yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what he gets. Yeah. But dude, it is, it is like, it's one of those things I feel like Indian, it's like they were out of the race conversation for a long time. Of course we Are. Yeah. We're, we're the inconvenient minority because Asians in general are completely invisibleized by us. Racial discourse, big time I mean Look it But. you Guys are killing it, dude. Yeah. We're the riches people in America. It's awesome. But yeah, I think it's cool. I mean, okay, I mean, I'll, I'll say this, it's not really fair because Indians in America are s like, so-called like the twice selected elite. And so why do they Say that?


Because India's a billion people. Okay. Okay. But the caste system where Brahmans, which is the top cast. Oh, I know those people. Oh yeah. So you do Brahmans. Yeah. 40%. I think it's only like one or 2% of India. My math could be wrong. Some Indians. Yeah. But you know, 40%. So one or 2% of India, but 40% of Indian Americans are Brams So. that means 40% of the people here are part of the top one to 2% already of the Indian cast system. Really? Yeah. Because of doctors, engineers, lawyers, people who are highly educated. So part of Braman culture, that's where I come from too, by the way. I Was on the table Come from Braman. But No, but I'm saying our family has generations of That makes Sense. You wouldn't be able to get the Yeah. Of Revering like education, family.


We don't drink alcohol. We're like, this is how we live our life. Like our, our life is about family. It's about furthering the next generation. Individualism really is a concept is like not part of that. And that's actually why I think it meshes really well with America is America will drag you to individualism. America will drag you to a little bit of consumerism, a little bit of like, you can be whoever you wanna be, but the backstop that you have is like, no, no, no, no. This is not what we do. Like money, we don't spend it on stupid shit when we have money, we spend it on books, on education. So the, the, my gr upbringing was like, the budget is limitless for anything educational. The budget is like zero for anything stupid for fucking around. Yeah. And I, no offense white people, but I have noticed you have proclivities for new cars and for nice new Check My ride, bro.


Check my and no, I'm and, and nice kitchens. And you know, you'll be, and so I'll be like, so your kids got pretty nice $25,000 in debt and you've got a new fucking kitchen. Interesting. And our culture, that shit does not fly. Yeah. But that's what I would say Indians are very successful in America because it's like we're, we are both obviously highly educated, that's number one. But two, I really think the culture is a huge aspect of it. Yeah. Isn't the way that you revere money, you think about family, there will, there are no Indian parents out there who have the money, who are not paying for their child's college education. It's just, it would never happen. Yeah. And in white families, there's this weird hyper in like, they got a, this like boomer mentality of like, they've gotta figure it out. 'cause back in my day I'm like, well, have you looked at inflation?


Like what the Fuck are you talking about? I know, I know. And you know, they're like, well, they'll get it when I die. And I'm like, yeah, but it's actually way more useful to help your child out when you're 18, 19 to 25. Those are the foundational years of your life. So. that was, it's a mindset difference. Another Thing that was No, no, dude, I, I appreciate you saying that. That was the one thing my parents were actually really good about is like, don't go into debt if you ever avoid it at all costs. Yeah. And also keep a low profile that that's like, don't, don't try to, I, my dad does spa. He like, he will get, he has like phases where he has like 57 bicycles in his basement. I dunno what he's doing, but they were very, and now my parents weren't like, educated really? They, you know, they went to high school and they got out and that was it. But they were very, like, they, that was the one thing, I think that's the thing I'm gonna copy off of them.


They like sent us to like an all boys Catholic high school paid for our college. And it's like, that's the one thing with my kids, it's like we're, I'm looking for schools for my, my daughter right now. And it's like, I was telling my wife, I'm like, 'cause her mom's big on, a lot of people I know are like, the public school's just as good. And it's like, I don't think So I don't, I don't, it's an an interesting concept. I genuinely don't think so. It's like, I'm assuming you live in a nice area. It probably Is. Yeah. It's pretty nice. Yeah. Well that a lot of ind Indians, a lot of ind Indians. I I think you're probably fine then. Man. You should, but my, I went to public School. Yeah. No, I, but no, the public schools around me are, it's like, it's newly nice. So the public schools are, but it's like you compare it to a private school and it's like, I mean you've done well for all this School. I'll give you two cases, I'll give you the case for again, it's Just not my, my point is, sorry, before I cut you off, my point is, if you, if you can't afford it, You should spend money on your kids' education.


Oh, definitely. That's all I was trying to say. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. And so in that case, mm I, it's interesting, but more what I meant in terms of that is sometimes people will be like, I don't know, like I knew a girl who wanted to take a, like a graduate test, like study for the GRE and she was like, oh, my parents won't pay for my GRE test, you know, thing. But they have the money to pay for it. That's crazy. But they're like, you have to work to go for your GRE test prep. I'm like, what? Like, I was like, who are your parents? Like, like what? That's so ruthless. Yeah, yeah. In my head I'm like, that doesn't even fly. Like it's just, you know. But if I was like, Hey dad, so if I was like, dad, I need $5,000 for a GRE prep course and I was like 23 or whatever, he'd be like, absolutely. But if I was like, I need $5,000 to go hang out in TRO pay or it's like, he's like, what?


Get The fuck outta no way. Yeah. Yeah. No, that does Make sense. That's what I'm talking about. Well, In a lot of the, the suburbs like that I'm from, I've learned that many of the families are just debt. It's just like the whole thing runs on a giant, giant. I'm glad you brought that giant balloon of debt and it's like kind of Terrifying. Americans are obsessed with debt. Americans are obsessed with consumerism and you know, I came my dad when he was making good money, he was rolling around in the 1988 Mazda with no air conditioning in 150 degrees Texas. It's such a beast Move though. Dude with his windows rolled down and he refused to get it. He eventually sold it for $1,000 after he put two thou a hundred thousand miles on it. So it's like, that's where I come from. And it's like, do you need a new Raptor truck, Texas?


Probably not. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, it's like these guys, no offense, but you know, if you look at the average car payment, Texas is the highest average car payment in the nation because all of these idiots are rolling around in trucks. You don't need a brand new truck. Dude. Trucks are like 80,000 thousand dollars Raptor. It's ridiculous. Like, sorry, you need a Toyota Cam Camry or a Hyundai or like any of these other cars, they're great cars. They'll get you So. I am actually a big proponent of Dave Ramsey for the vast majority of people. I think Ramsey hits what you were just saying. I think his like common sense approach, if 95% of people followed their life that way, they would be better off. He preaches. Like avoid debt, you know, don't use credit cards and all of this. I personally am a big credit card point fiend, but you know, I pay it by balance.


Yeah, yeah. And all this stuff. But here's the thing. I think what he gets at is what we were talking about with impulse control and all that. It's, look, look at the stats. People can't control themselves. They're only paying the minimums. They're taking out 35, 40, 50% debt or whatever on their A PR HELOC loans and all this. He has taught me about financial products I didn't even know existed. I'm like, wait, so people out there are taking two mortgages and then another mortgage on top of that one. How do you sleep at night, bro? Dude, it's insane. Oh my God. I actually cannot imagine. So if, if for anybody out there who's listening, if you listen to Dave and you actually take at the very least like take some of that advice to heart, you know, the number one thing is budget too. No matter how much money you make, you still need a budget. And the reason why is you just need to know where your money is going.


Yeah. And you need to be conscientious about every dollar that you spend. So like you were just saying like you need, you and your wife need to sit down and make a choice and be like, we're sending our kid to PRI private school. That means this is our nut. We need x, y, and Z amount per month. This is how it looks like for sure. Like, and we're saving, this is what it looks like with I'm still, I have an open mind right now. I'm like, I'm, I've looked at like four schools. Yeah. And it's like, I've noticed a huge difference between pub, but it's like, if I see a public school that works, I would go, I don't, I'm not like one or the other. But I, So, I went to both So. I can make the case. Yeah. So I was very lucky. So I grew up in College Station. I went to Pub public school for the first 16 years of my life. My last years of high school. My parents, we moved to Qatar and I got to go to a very fancy private school.


They didn't, it was part of the deal Where like an international school. An International, yeah. The American School of Doha. Right. Okay. So I went from a school where probably the median income of the parent was like, let's say like $40,000 for sure. To a school where the median income of the parent was probably like $300,000. Something like that. Yeah. An elite school. It was, it was an outrageously nice school. Yeah. And we, like, we were flying for school trips. Like everybody there, they, their parents worked for Exxon and all this dude, that was One of the schools you looked at like, we're gonna send your fourth grader to France for a week. So I was like, what the fuck? I was like, no. That, that's what my last year of high school were like. That's crazy. And I will tell you I definitely loved it. I loved it. But I would worry that if I had grown up in that environment and anybody out there, if you've ever interacted with people who are in that bubble, there's a lot of downside to that.


Man. Dude. Like that's when you were talking about the first class thing. We went on a school trip once and one of the kids had never flown economy before and we were all flying economy together. He was like 17 years old. Like, what the fuck is this? He had never been in economy class. He only ever flown first. Yeah. And frankly he was a pampered little bitch, you know? Yeah. It's like, and I, the people like that, like there is, there is something important and I think about it too, where you know about the people that I grew up with, I didn't even love them that much, I'll be honest with you. But yeah, there was, it was, it was important. I got to interact with people from all across different walks of life. I think public education is very important. And I actually think at a young age too. you know, I think in high school I could make a really good case. If you have the money to go to private school.


If you look at the stats, private schools send the vast majority of their kids to Ivy League and to other schools. Especially if that's what you want for your ki child. But k through what? Middle school, it's not really about education Doesn't Really matter. It's about socialization. Yeah. And so for socialization purposes, I don't really want my children just me personally, like to be growing up in a bubble and in that bubble. Like I, I've spent enough time now in elite circles that I can see how dangerous that it really can be to the mind and, and to how that person can eventually use that privilege in others. And first of all, they're overinterpreting their own success. Like this idea for sure. Like, they'll be like, oh, we're doing pretty good. I'm like, You are not doing shit.


You're doing shit. Yeah. I'd be like, I'm doing good. You're not doing good. Like you Have not done anything. And yeah dude, It is, it is weird man. That's, that's the kind of the thing I've been struggling with. It's like, you know, 'cause I don't wanna be like getting them older and be like, what the fuck? You could have sent me to a nicer school. And I'm like, I don't want you to be a dickhead. Yeah. But, you can also just track each of your children and like what if them one of them is real? Fuck, there are different types of schools. There's magnet schools, there's math schools. Yeah. There's sports, there's drama, there's like all these other ones. Like you gotta, what I would do is I would be like, okay, but first of all again, K through eight is about whatever, it's not about education. Actually a lot of that education, my man is on you All. right. Exactly. So if anything, you're trying to pay somebody else Yeah. To teach your kids how to read better. Yeah. That's, that's about you.


You gotta do it. You need to step up in the house. I'm fucking what you talking about dude? We spelled her name the other day. Well that's what I'm saying. We, you gotta be keeping that shit up every day. Tutors And shit after School. Not even tutors. You, you're, you need to be engaged. You need to be making sure that you're sitting there and making stuff. Is this stuff done? Because that's where the parent really is, is the most important. Sure. Of course. you know, middle school, high school, when we start talking about SATs and that's when I think education and the quality of teacher can really make an impact on them. But that's by the time they're starting to become like formed as a human being. Yeah. May have an idea of what they want to do. But those initial years, I think it's really just about learning how to like be a person in the world about how to interact with others following rule. Like what does it mean to like live in a society and, and be in like this ordered Yeah.


Weird thing that we call, so that's the purpose of school band. Sure. At the end of the day, that's why homeschool people are fucking weirdos. Can we all be honest? Have you ever met a normal one? They're freaks. Alright. It's true man. It's true. I know a couple of people. I know people who are homeschooling right now. They're gonna be pissed at you. Dude. I don't care. I mean every, We met one homeschooled kid. Sometimes they do it in pods and they're okay. Rest. Met of, we met a homeschooled kid in my baseball team and like we drove him to tears. Yeah. You should It it was and he deserved it. I mean like, be honest, he deserved it, dude. But there Is a huge aspect of the socialization for sure. Yeah. It's Important for sure. But then it's like with the public school's, like, well, what are they getting socialized into? Then you look at all the other shit they had going on with like, you know, like when they're like, don't tell your parents if you wanna trans come to us and we'll send you to doctor.


That's fair. That was the shit that was free. You're Living here in Texas, dude. What are you worried about? You are actually worried. Dude, you Ever these schools dude, now all the I'm in Austin. Yeah. So the schools are like, dude, they're pretty fucking, they go pretty hard with that shit. Interesting. And that's the stuff that I'm like, eh, but I don't know. I mean, what About the rest of the burbs around it? Round Rock, Fredericksburg, all those other places. They can't be there. I mean I grew up around here, man. Like that's Yeah. Those, those are, those are some Bible belt. You've been going, going for a long time, dude. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. Right. you know, Place changed. You left, bro. Yeah. That's, that's I guess. True. But that's, that's kind of, yeah. I don't know. I I went to a wall. I won't, we can get outta here soon. How long have we doing Josh? Two, two hours. Eight minutes. Damn dude. We almost did a Rogan. Yeah. I'll let you out here in a second, but sweet. I was laughing. We, we, today we toured a 'cause again, it's like I'm gonna public schools, you know, I'm just trying to find like I just, that's the one thing I will try to give my kids the best in education.


Well, You should I mean? Look, there's nothing wrong with go doing private school. So I will say today, So I, So I was thinking that I went to a Waldorf school today. I dunno if you're ever familiar With school. I know, I know. I'm familiar with what It's, dude, I've never seen anything like that in my life. And it was like almost, I theoretically I'm like, it's all the stuff I like, I like, and I saw the reality of it and I was like, no, fuck. It was just like almost creepy. I agree. There was a, there at one point, there was one, there's one dude in the tour. No matter what the person said, he would go, oh, that's so important. And like at one point, at one point they were like, we have climbing trees and we have trees, we don't climb. Those are the climbing trees. And he goes, oh. So yes. And it, and then they we're in another room and they were like, for math, we have a tactile sensory aspect where we have these marbles and they're actually counting the mar and the guy literally over marbles goes, oh yes.


I was like, dude, would you shut the fuck up? That's so weird. There there becomes a point of it where it is like, There are some millennial trends. It's Like a fake favor. Like we did the o entire Odyssey School playing fourth grade. It's like, yeah, All, right, dude. Like who? This, It's millennial trends like the Waldo, I don't, I need to look more into it. I'm not a hundred percent. I think they Do Well I think it has like but go ahead. I'm sorry. Well, I was gonna say gentle parenting is the one that I've become familiar with. Yes. Or this millennial trend of being like, they don't say the word no. Right? Yes, there are, everything is about redirection. And the Indian in me is like, how can you possibly turn out like, well formed like actually a huge, well I would say majority of adulthood is learning how to deal with the consequences of the word.


No. That's like, oh, you want a job? Fuck you. No, there's a giant no. Oh, you want more money? Fuck you. No, there's a giant h no hovering over your entire life. Yeah. It's Literally like, you're like, or like, oh, you want to go on a date? It's like, what are 99% of these women gonna tell you? No, absolutely. I know you're a loser actually. I know. Yes. Yeah, I go back. So it's like I, I grew up in like the rigorous old school, like, you know, if you get in trouble, you get hit all that stuff. Yeah. I do think that's not a good idea to do. Probably. I Think that's right. I think it's genuinely, it's like, you know, it, I, I don't think it's the end of the world, especially if you're not like getting drunk and like coming in for no reason. If there's like a rhyme and reason to it, it's not the worst thing. But I do think the punishing physically makes you as a kid. Like, I'm not gonna tell my parents anything.


That's right. I don't wanna get smacked in. No, but they need consequences of cons. They do need consequence con. Right? Like, they need to take away the things that they like. Yes. Or be like you're in the silent treatment or stuff. Like, I, I do, I think consequences are really important because man, when you get shielded from it, and honestly Yeah. you know, even, even I remember like that first time when you're 22 years old and you graduate from college and you're actually out on your own and you really are, you're like, oh my God. Like this is, this sucks. Like, so now you make a bad decision and you're sitting there, you know, and you're like, holy dude, and this is on me and I'm by myself. Right. And nobody's gonna bail you out right Now. I'm telling you. The worst, the worst possible is when you're making bad decisions and it's paying off. Because eventually it all hits you and you go, oh, and it, it comes for everybody, dude.


And you go, oh man. And the older you get, you go, there's no way I gotta live my way through this now. And it's like, yeah, All, right bro. Hey, great. It's very important dude. Thank You so much for coming. I can talk to you. Thank You forever. Thank You having, I can talk to you forever, dude. I really enjoyed it. This is actually pretty fun Dude. Thank You man. Appreciate You Thank You.