
And we are beginning. Thank You guys for coming. God damn. Giannis. Papas. Christopher. Stefano, the history hyenas. Dude. Thank You guys for coming. We're here. Thank You. I'm pumped, dude. Dude, Thank You. Thanks for having us. And I just wanna say, 'cause the last, I was on the show a couple of weeks ago, or a month ago, Giannis, and I just want to say to all your fans out there, say something about my hair. Now look at my hair now. Dude, you guys were talking shit saying I had no hair product in my hair was flat. What? What about now? It looks great right Now, right? Dude? Now I look like a sixties crooner. Yeah. And look at Gianni's hair. Dude. I Look great. That looks good. That's Painted On. That looks good. The wave. Right? So I should've done So I just wanna make sure everybody fucking knows True. What's Up? And I'd like bring it back to say, yeah, I'd like to say it's good to be here in Republican Hollywood and Yes, the candidate over here and the candidate over here, yeah, they got bad hair.


They're no good for you. I will make it so barbecue is available for everybody in this city at all times. Yeah. And I just always wanted to stand at podium and feel like I'm in a primary. It feels good, Doesn't it? Well, it feels fucking powerful. I know. I wanna almost go like, Yes. You feel it now. Exactly. Bill of power. You Feel fucking dude. Being white and standing behind this podium is it's, I got ideas right now. I'm telling you, man. Not that I've ever agreed with anything that Hitler said. I despise the Nazis and what they did for sure. But if you just wanna AI listen to Hitler speeches in English. Oh yeah. And just change out the words from Germany to America in your head. You'll get really pumped up for the day. Yeah. That guy. Can you do that? That guy just knew how to light a fire under you, dude.


Yeah, really. The way that he would speak about Germany was like, I fucking get it, man. Yeah. It was like the, they tied to their like mythic folklore of like the German here and all that stuff. And Yeah. That would for sure get anyone pumped up. Dude. He was telling people like, if you die in battle, you're going directly to Valhalla and you're gonna ride a val. Like, you know, you're riding like, you know, Eagles there. And it's just like, he was like, you know, Germany one Germany is verse England right now. Germany's verse Great Britain. You know, at that moment when they're in that war and he says, we are two superpowers and one, the only way to win is one of us is gonna have to be destroyed and it will not be Germany. And the crowd goes nuts. You are like, fuck yeah. Oh my God. Dude. I started putting on my fucking boots.


Yeah. I was like, ready To go. He has an outfit. He has an outfit. Yeah. That's it is. Yeah. You can always give the devil his due. That's like, everyone's always like, he was a fucking failed artist. No one liked him. It's like people liked him, dude. No, they people. Of course man. He was a closer, I mean, he was a headliner. You can't, he was a guy when he went up. You're like, All right, we, we should only do another show two days from now. Yeah. Yeah. Let people kind of settle. Yeah. He was a talker. I think he gelled the hair, but I think he left the front flap. I think he knew the effectiveness of the Flat Front. It was a tail, it was a tail fat. And I always loved when he did that afterwards. Dude, what I like gathered himself and he did that. Smeared it back, dude. What I like about standing up too is this a fit city could just get your calf raises in while you you can That And that's why I think you did it, dude.


It's just like a workout. I know. I, I was tired of sitting around all day. Yeah. Yeah. What's Up with all the gay art over here? I just, I thought it was visually striking. This is nice. Yeah. I had someone, my friend told me about this painting. I'm like, I looked it up. I was like, perfect. Yeah. Yeah. This is, I just wanted something kind of intense. And then, you know, Well, I told, I was telling you on the plane, he's a guy. He jerks off to erotic poetry. Yeah. So this kind of goes with it. Yeah. Which I've started doing now, by the way. ERO is awesome. Nice. So You kind of like us have a little bit of a female brain. Yes, a hundred percent. 'cause you like the imagination. Yeah, exactly. Well, you know, it's not, that's not uncommon amongst us. We are performers. And here's the thing. Yeah. If You are a performer and you get into the arts, you at least got nicked. You at least got nicked with by gay. The gay gene. You got nicked. Some people get fully clamped. Like Mateo Lane, we got nicked. Yes, yes. Yeah.


Yes. We got nicked, we got Nick. It Gives us our eye. And We all got nicked. We all got nicked. And our wives and girls, they all know that we're kind of like out of their friend group. Like, they're like, they're proud of us, but they're like, my husband's kind of gay. Yeah, yeah. I know. And they just accept it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, dude, it's, it's like embarrassing. I don't know what to do. Like, I was taught like, just like talking sports. I don't follow it at all. So that it, like, it makes me feel really gay when other men are like, dude, you blah, blah. And I'm like, I don't, I don't. When you told me that the last time I came on the show, it's something that I, I swear to God there's, you know, like, you know I'm 40 now. You wake up, you have to pee or whatever. Yeah. And there's been multiple times in the past, like months since I've been on your show, I've woken up. I'm like, I can't believe Matt doesn't know anything about sports. I don't know anything. And I've just been thinking about it. 'cause you're such a guy who, you look at this guy and listen to this guy, you're like, he's gonna be like an NFL broadcaster.


Yeah. And he doesn't know. I mean, he has a headset on like Tony Ramo right now. I know. You know what I mean? I, this is, I love playing sports. I love playing sports. Like I played football, basketball, and I'll still play sports. I just, I can't bear to follow 'em. I don't care. I mean, it's, it's amazing. 'cause like you look, it's funny to see like physically you play. I like to play sports. God gave you a body for sports, but then this is your brain. Yeah. These paintings, This is what It's it's real, it's a great representation. He laughed at us, I think when he made us a little, he's like, dude, I'm gonna make this Matt one. I'm gonna put 'em outside Philly. I'm gonna make him look like an athlete, but then I'm just gonna have fucking paintbrushes. Yeah. And, and you know, just gay stuff in his brain. And I think they laugh. Yeah. And right now you do look like a high school like offensive coordinator with that headset on.


You know, I looked apart. Yeah. You look like a cop. I really look like a Cop. You know, the only thing you'll be is like Robert Frost's Road Less Traveled is a beautiful poem, guys. I Know. I know. But you look like A good cop too. Yeah. You really do. Yeah. I think I would've been a decent cop. You Would've been a decent cop. And I think, I think you also would've been a good, you're a really good coach that you would've if you did fuck around with a kid, it was like in the eighties. Right. It wasn't anything recent. Right. I hear what you're saying. Right. You know what I mean? So like, one of those things, like, you were doing it when everybody's doing it. I was young. No, I was young Too. But you kind of had the, in you had the, the, the thoughts where you, you, you realized it was wrong in like the nineties. Right. Which is way ahead of most people. He did It at a time where the parent would've sided with you and not the kids. Yes. Yeah. True. True. What Being a Catholic was, he taught you football. So Yes.


He was a good guy. Yeah. We had a, I went to a, a basketball camp. It was called Bucky Gills basketball camp in Chichester. And he was the coach of the girls' high school team. And he got, he got round. He was like, apparently like, well they're in the, this was the rumor I should say that he was like opening the shower curtain, just like spraying them with soap. He was like back there partying with the girls. Wow. Dude. And then, but he, it all, we all had his basketball camp shirt 'cause we everyone went there. Yeah. But then when he got in trouble for it, we'd all wear the shirt. We thought it was funny. We'd all wear the shirt On the, but with, but with girls. But to me, with girls, are you All Right? Yeah. No, I'm go, I'm googling this story that's gonna blow your guys' mind. Okay. Yeah. With girls though. With girls, I almost like, obviously it's fucked up, but it's not.


It's like, it's, it's, that's rare. It's normally always, it's always boys getting clipped. I know. It's usually always the boys getting clipped. I know, I know. I was in two situations. I went to Penn State football camp when I was a kid. Never got clipped, never saw Jerry Sandusky. Never got clipped. And then there was another guy in Christ, the king basketball coach, Bob Oliva, that also went down for that stuff. And I never got clipped by him. And I was many, many times in the gym. Just him and I. 'cause my mom had to work. Yeah. So I would, I was the kid that I would get dropped off. My mom would pay extra to drop me off at basketball camp at like 7:00 AM 45 minutes before. 'cause she had to get to work. And it was just him and I. And he never did anything. Never clipped me at all. And I know like the hack joke, what people say, he was like, oh, what about me? Whatever. Like, yeah. Yeah. You know. But I genuinely had like, feelings about it.


I was like, am I ugly? Wait A Second. Yeah. Like, I really would talk to my therapist about it. It's the opposite. I think you're, I think when you're like a Jack Strong kid, they know. They're like, no, this kid might be As Yeah. Yeah. They won't fuck. Well, you know what, I think Bob Oliva and these people saw in me, they were like, this guy will kiss me back. And that's not what I want. I don't know if this has ever happened on a podcast, but I just realized that I got clipped. When Did you get clipped? It just came. You got clipped? I think I just got clipped. When? What happened? You started talking and I was like, You got hit. I Think I got hit. That's How it works. You don't remember day? Tell us, Dude, I got a brace myself. Tell us about it. Wait, this is the exact position I was in. I think I got banged. Who'd you get banged out by? So what made you an Artist? I think Saint Saviors, I think. Yes. Somebody, somebody turned me into the arts.


No, I'm kidding. But dude, there's this crazy story where my, my brother went to Poly Prep. You know, poly Prep and Bay Ridge. Anyone can look up this story. There was this Who was an openly gay man. Openly gay man. Openly gay man. Big time hot shot attorney. But a full, I mean, as gay, as gay gayer than you paint your Brother's a gay attorney. He's Yeah. $3 bill gate, Which is what messes with him, because he's got the, you know, his brother got hit, hit hard with, so he's like, did How much of this gay gene did I get nicked with if literal, I came outta the same womb, which might be a, just a tainted gay womb. Yeah. And it's like, were we really wrestling that whole time? Yeah. Yes. What were you doing? What Was happening? So I get, I get his pain. Yeah. What was really happening? But dude, this, this story's crazy. Philip Foga was his name and he was Sauce Monkey, legendary football coach at Poly Prep.


And he molested. He had, he had a legendary program that like, they were like incredible. The community supported him. Whatchamacallit. The mobs. What was the, the mob guy? Oh, with John Gotti? No, before him. John Gotti. Phil Costa. Paul Castellano before him, before co The Gambino crime family. Gambino Carlo Gambino. Gambino's Carlo. Who's Supposed to tell anything thing The Thank You all his fucking sandwich shop. It's Italian autism. Dude. His son went there. And this kid clipped like hundreds of kids. Really? Hundreds of kids for so long.


And it finally came out and like so many kids got clipped and it was happening like in front of kids. They had jokes about it, but it was just back in that era. Back in the Era. But he was like a, he was like a gangster too. He, no, he was just a legendary football coach. Oh, I thought you were saying he was like part of like the mob Gambino's son went to that school. He, I don't think he Got clipped. I thought he was clip fighting. Don't wanna say that thought. Thought he was clipping kids and being like, forget about it. Yeah. He Kind of was He was little Noli cream. Yeah. He was like the last guy anyone would expect. But he would take kids and he'd put 'em in his Cadillac. He did it in the most Italian Way, right? Yeah. He'd be like, let's go get some pels kid. You fucking, you have a good line man. Right. And he'd be like, let me see a penis. Yeah. This will help you. You ought to start. Yeah, it happens. Sucks. But what is, what do we think? Because obviously, you know, the, the guys that happens a lot.


The Sandusky of the world. These, these, the Fogle editors, whatever. But like women, they, women teachers have sex with this male students. Like it's rampant and they get caught all the time. But if you talk, if you, all you have to do, I encourage you at home, go home and just ask like three or four people If they know someone and they all know someone. Yeah. Who maybe they haven't, the woman hasn't gotten arrested, but they know, like I know in high school, my friend banged the teacher. It was confirmed it happened. She never got arrested for it. It never came out to the public. No, it never will. But it's so, so what is that? It's do we knows Why they don't get in trouble? You're Saying? Well, no. No. Why do they constantly do that? Why are they always hot? Always Hot, Dude.


So I, I think it goes down to, or comes down to like, a lot of women's television is still centered around high school. Like, even like, like, you know, like what? Like there's, there's always, in my opinion, a lot of those soaps have like a heavy high school romance element to it. Right. Like, women constantly watch high schoolers like make out and have sex. Yeah. It's part of A lot of shows. That's a good call. I never thought about that. Like euphoria that show that was a Big one. Dude. All like the, you know, fucking all, just all those like soapy dramas. A lot of them are Yeah. Centered around high school love. And that, that's like a thing for them. It's like the, the meeting when like a boy and a girl first, like they finally kiss and meet. Yeah. Women like, they, their brains like freaked out. You don't think it's payback though? For like, centuries and centuries and centuries of 50 or 40-year-old dudes just marrying 11 year olds.


And now girls are finally like, you know what? I'm gonna bang this 16-year-old just to pay back what guys have been doing to us for so long. Yeah. Like, I'm gonna be a pedophile. Yeah. Damn. That's crazy. They got, they came so far that they can be pedophiles. Yeah. Yeah. That's how you know that we're equal now. Yeah. You think Trump will change the law and just let boys be, have a legal agent like 13 and you could just fucking clip 'em all day. Just for Boys. Just for boys. You think Trump will just be like, these kid, these boys really don't give a shit. It's their mom's getting in the way. I mean, honestly, if I was 15 and I, if I was 15 and I actually, I'm sorry. No, I lost my virginity at 17, but then I was 17 and banged a woman in her thirties. So that's technically a crime. Right. But I don't care.


Yeah. And she does it. I I would never, it would never make a difference to me. Yeah. Yeah. But if I was a girl, yeah. I might get older and be like, I got Yeah. Seduced. Was she a babysitter or a family friend or She was a family friend. That's crazy. You knew that She was a family friend. Friend. Wow. I might have told you maybe I told you she was a family friend. The thing About the women, it was awesome. Yeah. That's pretty cool. They, they don't, they always do it like that. They even do it in a woman way. Like, they get to know you first. You talk to them. Well guys just snatch you up and put you in the car. Women are like, yeah, let's see. You're my, I I'm gonna give you Spanish lessons after class. Right. You're my little buddy. Yeah. They Do it a little more emotionally. Yeah. But that's the thing though. The problem is as then as a 17-year-old, you can get like sucked into like adult kind of dynamic.


S like, you know, say she's cheating on her husband. That's like a crazy thing to get a kid in the middle of. That's a tough One. Although, to be fair, I don't know. Would you rather, if you were to be cuckolded, would you rather it be like a young like, boy No. I'd like to be a black guy with a big dick. Yeah. Yeah. You just wanna go straight to The source. Yeah. I just wanted to know that it's, and I'll, I'll give it to her. I'll be like, I get, I get what you need. Yeah. Do You Know the rest of that whole film? Do You Know the, Do You Know the myth of the black guys with the big Dick? Do You Know where that comes from? The black guy From their dicks? Well no, they, they absolutely hunt. They Ly basketball because the biggest things I've seen are, it's fucking crazy. Yeah, I know. Dude. Shout out Tim fud. Can you cackle that? Yeah. Playing. Just put a, put a mute over that.


Yeah. Tim fud big dicks. He named a real guy. I named A real guy with a fucking dick that, I mean, if you saw this thing, you're going what? He is a mutant, what is this Dick Big co cocktails from the locker room. Yes. Yeah, I know dude. The locker room for me. I went to an all boy Catholic high school and I remember like the boy, you know, obviously the players, like everyone going in there butt naked. And I would go in with a bathing suit, shorts on. 'cause you know, I'm little embarrassed. But then I remember the older kids would be like, take off the bathing suit shorts. What are you fucking gay? I'd be like, isn't it gayer if my dick and balls are out with the rest of you? But the black but the black dick things. So supposedly, supposedly, I think this, I think this might have been like 16 hundreds, late 16 hundreds when like the first waves of like African slaves started to come over the, the, the, the men, the white men were so scared that they were gonna, because they were how muscular they were.


Yeah. That they, their wives just gonna bang them left and right. They said that their dicks were so big, but it was a negative thing back then. Like, they're gonna kill you and you're gonna get killed by them. Like that's a weapon. And So that, and then, but then it became like, we want the big dick. But back then the big dick was frowned upon. Yeah. Nature Grease So was like A Negative thing. It was a bad thing in ancient Greece. If you had like a real small just flacid penis, people would be like, what a astonishing man. I got so nervous. That's why, that's why these sculptures, medieval sculptures are all a little flacid. Penises. 'cause that was beautiful. Yeah. You Were smart. I got so scared. Just watching him at that podium when he said African slaves. I was like, I hope this finishes good. Just the podium is just kind of like, you're going, All right, let's just, that's, It's such a funny thing to be like, oh, those huge muscular, exotic guys.


Yeah. Well trust me, they got huge dicks. You want anything to do with It? Yeah. Maggie. I guess Some guy raised like his pint of veil. Like I got it. I know. But dude, it turns out that they do. They Do. Yeah. Dude. I mean, not all of them, but thes, the ones that are big are like big. But, and like the Chinese guys, you, I mean we've all seen the porn. It's just some of it is genetic. No, You could look this up. The science though, says as far as like penis length, the African culture, black people in general don't have bigger dicks than anybody else. Wow. If you look at the science of It. Well, we saw there condom studies, they released the data and it wasn't the average. It wasn't as big as you would thought in terms of like compared. Right. It's not, they just had a couple 13 own average, 14 inches. But I think their outliers do. I think they kind of Right.


I don't know. It's also crazy to be white and have like a huge cra that's kind of something unsettling about that. Yeah. I remember like when, you know Pete David, I would get it reduced. I remember like when Pete Davidson got really, really, you would get it reduced. You get a reduction. Reduction. I would take it right back to where I'm at now. I'd be like, this is crazy. Yeah. I remember when P Davidson got like, you know, like really famous and started to like blow up and everyone was saying how big of a dick he has whatever. I know. And then like, all these comedians were like making tiktoks be like, dude, I could confirm I saw it. I started comedy with him. I was like, he started comedy when he was 16. Yeah. What happened there? Yeah. I Knew him way back more famous. I I can confirm that cock. Dude. I saw it in high school, bro. Yeah. It was, I'm in my forties. 12. Yeah.


My, I was at a, I didn't know people did that. That's crazy. No, it was crazy. I, I was literally seeing people be like, stop. Don't phrase it like that. Yeah. Say it like, I saw it a week ago, But you said when you, we did a road gig together and he just pulled it out. I'm like, yeah dude. The kid started at 16. His mom used to call me and make sure that he was like being okay on the road. 'cause he was a child. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta be like, dude, his dick's huge. Yeah, Exactly. I'd like Mrs. Davidson. He's funny. He says Dick's raps around my neck though. How do we stop this? Do I have defeat? It? It Is funny to ride the wave of like, just someone else's dick. Just be like, yeah, I saw it and you know, catch me on the road at, you know. Yeah. Just put your dates across the shaft of his dick of the pick you have from when he is 18. Yeah. For your dick to get like a legend of its own must be kind of cool.


Oh Yeah. I mean his has it. I mean No, no doubt about his has it. Yeah. But my net You are ready for this. My call though. My next call for the, just the new absolute Coman is gonna be Marcelo from, from, I think Marcelo's. The next Coman big. He's like the Latino pat da Pete Davidson. Yeah. Imagine Pete. All the power Pete has, but on top of that you're fucking Latino. Yeah. Unstoppable. Yeah. How do you stop that? Yeah. Although Pete's vague ethnicity's kind of powerful as Well. That's true too. You're like, you don't know what that guy, you're like Yeah. Whatever man. Could Be Black. He looks like a black guy who bleached his skin. He does. He looks, he looks like Sammy Sosa. Yeah. Yeah. He's he's just a white guy. Yeah. He's just a white guy. Dude. He's a, from Staten Island. He's a fireman son. He's like as white as he yet white working class as he get.


But he does have a black face. Yeah. And he's got the cock to match. Supposedly. Yeah. Allegedly does. Yeah. It's definitely not small. Definitely. It made it to the halls of Kardashian. Yeah. That's a big, that's just what a life. Yeah. That pool party must be Crazy. Yeah. Amazing. There's a certain length to get into that party that's been established. There's a precedent that was set that he had to meet. He had to meet. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta have a dick that size. You have to have 50 Bitcoin. Yeah. One or the other. Yeah. Kim Kardashian, you know, you know when you go on the rides, your kid go to like a, goes to a ride and the ride says you gotta be this tall. I mean, Kim Kardashian just goes and measures your dick and know you can come into this rod. Yeah. You gotta this stuff. Yeah. Gotta put it on a digital scale. And Just, but it's crazy. 'cause like I'm like, you know, as men's minds, like, I think we all still think in our minds like, oh, maybe one day we can hook up with Kim Kardashian too, even though we have no chance and no desire to.


I Saw her in real life one time, which you think it was just happenstance. She's way shorter than you think. But it was real. It was like I went, yeah. Like it was like, I was, I was stunned. Yeah, Dude, I felt that way two weeks ago. I did a show at Ali's Pizzeria, very famous pizzeria in Brooklyn. Some of the best pizza in probably the best pizza in New York. And besides Joe and John's, my local pizzeria. Shout out Ridgewood, Queens baby. But, but Anne Hathaway was in the second row of the show. And when I tell you the most gorgeous woman I've ever seen in my life, besides of course, my girlfriend, obviously. And obviously she's way hotter, duh. Obviously. But Anne Hathaway was it literally to the point where I would do a joke. I would be like, you know, she was sitting over here and I'd be like, scanning the room and I'd do a joke and I'd hit the punchline and I would, you know, like, people be laughing and I would slowly go like this and just make s like, like, almost like a Is she laughing?


And, and there was a couple times I saw her laugh and I swear to God, dude, I got butterflies. You're in my heart. I was like, oh my God. And then you have this fantasy, like, she's gonna come out here and be like, you know, you were so great. Like why don't we just like, why don't you talk to your wife and I'll talk to my husband and you and I could just be together. Yeah. And they'll allow it. And we could just be together and, and it'll be great. And you, we could do movies together, but like, our wives and husbands don't care. And they're actually, they're actually supporting cheering at other supporting us. Yeah. And then, you know, and then you, and then I just drive home and then you're like depressed. Like she didn't, you know, DM you, she object to DM Joe. And then you're like, fuck man, I guess I Suck. Do you remember when we were in that sus She's probably thinking about you right now. A Hundred percent dude. Yeah. She's probably watching the, our show history. Hyenas. Yeah.


She S a big fan. Do You remember? She's probably on the Patreon. She's Probably on the Patreon. You never know. Do you remember we were in that sushi restaurant in LA with Tim Di Oh, yes, Yes. She's a great story. Dude. Emma. So Emma Stone was in there and she went to the bathroom and No, But wait, wait. But Jan, you're missing a key part. You let me just set this up. Yeah. We're in this very famous sushi restaurant with Tim. It's me Yani and Tim Dylan. And Tim Dylan, 20 minutes before is telling us how much Emma Stone hates him. Oh, that's right. Remember he is telling us, Emma Stone despised him and me and Anna are listening, but we're kind of being like, this is, maybe Tim's just like making it a bigger deal. Yeah. Maybe Emma Stone. Like there's no way that Emma Stone hates him. And we were like, maybe Emma Stone doesn't even know who any of us are. We don't know. But we were like, whatever. And then go ahead.


And then, And then she was in the restaurant, Like in a movie. 20 minutes later, actual Emma Stone comes, walks in and, yeah. Yeah. And I think she came in for, this was my like, serendipitous moment. She came in. 'cause I, I think she's the most gorgeous thing in the world. I love how big her eyes are. I like pale women. Except for my wife. My wife's the most beautiful half. Absolutely half Italian, half Greek. But she Went to smoke show Mrs. Papas. She went to the Bathroom. She went to the bathroom. And I just saw it as an opportunity to be in the bathroom after Emma Stone. Oh. So she went to the bathroom, came out, and then I went to the bathroom and I did not sniff her seat. You did? For sure. Yeah. I did. Not for sure. But I did sit down and pee. That's perfect. I did sit down and pee. Yeah. But dude, that's So nice. But, and that, and then also, that's Not creepy, right? No, No, No. Any guy would've done that, Dude.


I mean, how Was it? You would've done that, right? A hundred percent. Yeah. She, You can't stand Pee. Was she just, was she just a little bit cooler than like the average toilet? It just smelled so good in there. That's great. I just remember how good the bathroom smelled. She just Average the Bathroom. Yeah. And I just sat and I was like, this is just where Emma Stone peed and then put you Great. But Emma then, but Cheat didn't. Did she flush? That'd, that'd be nice If you peed on her pee. That would've been next level. That would've been incredible. Flush. Now did She shit in the sink, how great would that would've been? You just thought as a turd in the sink. But she walked past us and was like, holy shit. Emma Stone. And then she came back the 'cause Tim was sitting with his back to, but then when she came back out of the bathroom, she walked and looked at Tim and I saw, I saw her go, Ugh. Yeah. Like that. So it confirmed everything he said. It Could have just been been the way I was like, she does hate him, which is us.


It could have been just the way he was eating. Just like, ah, What was her beef? Why the fuck would she Something with Tim? You know? 'cause Tim's hilarious. I think Tim fucked her husband. Yes. Tim thought that's what happened. No, Tim's hilarious on social media. And I think he was tweeting like, you know, hilarious shit. But maybe like shitting on an Emma Stone movie, you know? Yeah. That happens. That happens. You know, that's what just makes me think about celebrity. Is it worth it to just like, you know, Emma Stone, the poor girl, she just went into the bathroom to take a piss and then there was this guy that went in there and just sat down and peed after her. Yeah. And I'm telling it on a big podcast. I'm sorry. I'm a So I Sorry. I'm a stone. I'm sorry I did that. You did nothing wrong. I did nothing wrong. I don't think. It's not, I didn't Sitting to feel a hot lady's body heat on the toilet. There's Yeah, but It's creepy a little bit. No, I'm sorry. I'm taking up my phone. I just wanna make sure my hair's still good. 'cause these fans are just fucking unbelievable.


Looks great, dude. All right. We're good. Dude. It's not, it's creepy. Stop. You guys's creepy. What I wanna do is hang an ornament right off that Christopher Reeves curl. Yeah. Just right there. That would be Actually really nice. Yeah. What do You think of that? That's nice. Yeah, that'd be really nice. What do you think of that there? A missile toe? Yeah. You Just put it right there and some right on the fucking mouth or? Well, I just, by the way, I just looked out my, I just looked out my phone to like, you know, like see my hair and then I, I just looked at like a quick text and I'm have a special coming out for Hulu in February. And I just got a text from like, the person who like runs it. Like, Hey, we, we, we really need to have a conversation, so just call me when you can. I'm like, here we go. It's over baby. It's over. There it is folks. And it's gone. Yeah. Just like my, the way, you know, I just think it's done now.


So this'll be a fun next 30 minutes for me to just know it's done. Done. Just wait. Just waiting. Just and, and then calling her and then her not calling me back for a week. Ah, Yeah. That would've been weird if it was Emma Stone who texted you. Imagine. I like, whoa. That would've been weird. Yeah. I, So I wanna That's that's very funny. It's funny. Have to sit with that for the next half an hour. Yeah. Just deal with it. Here's my thing. I I don't think it's that cre that's like, that's like a mercy because it's creepy. Would've been like waiting right by the door to try to do like a romcom. Like Oh, sorry. Oh my God. Like, oh, oh, crazy. Yeah. Hey, I'm Giannis, do I Know you? Yeah. Yeah. She's probably gets people that like, want to take pieces of her hair, her skin. If, if the worst thing about you, she, you wanna sniff her toilet seat after she goes to the bathroom, she might be like, we can actually go on dates. I didn't sniff Her seat though.


Yeah. Not sniff, not sniff. Feel more warmth. Feel the warmth of her body on you Would've done the same as what you're saying. You're Yeah. We gonna waste it. You know, like, look, that's her body heat. Yeah. It's gonna just fade up. Or you can just enjoy it before it gets like inducted back up. There's No rule against it. I had to go to the bathroom and it happens to be Emma Stone and I wanna just sit in your body heat. I'll do that. Yeah. And I mean, you didn't like jerk off. No, But I mean, I, but even if He would've, it's his, it's Didn't do anything. Yeah. It's his space. But I didn't do anything. But I have not bathed the bottom half of my body since. Yeah. So just, she's with me's. I don't know if that's creepy. She's with me. Yeah. I mean, you did absorb her body heat. Part of her does live inside Of you. I mean, I do hang out outside her house a lot and take photos, but that's a different thing. That's public property. I, you Know, girls love that stuff, man.


Yeah, That's, I'm happy that you said that. They do because girl, I as much as like the world we live in, we're like, do not objectify me. Feminism. Yeah. They want you to tell them how hot they are at all times. And you want, they love like, they'll be like, that's so weird. But if they like say they took a dump and it kind of stinks if you just stood in the bathroom and you're like, they're like, oh my God, get out of here. Yeah. She like, I fucking love that. I Fucking love it. I fucking love that shit. Yeah, dude. Ever, if, you know, when I wake up next to my girl, she's like, you know, I try to like kiss her good morning. And she's like, no, stop. She has morning breath and I just fucking burrow in there like a goer. She loves it, Dude. Yeah, dude. They love that. Yeah. Yeah. It's a thin line. It's a thin line between complimenting them and creepiness. It's a thin line. Well, there's actual stench in the stink of men and women.


I think there's actual, what's the like term for AFMs? Phc Pheromones. Pherom. There's actual pheromones in that, correct? Yeah. Yep. Boom. 200 I think. I don't Know why your thing went off. It's fucking Bullshit. I think that's a fact. I think that's what we call on the history. I news a truth Bader Ginsburg. Yeah. That there's pheromones. Yeah, there's pheromones inside stench. That that actual, like that's, you're supposed to have stinky sex. I think so. Man. The best sex are Scientifically sure. Or is that just something Jim Norton told you? Because he likes to get women's shit on his chest. That's what Jim Norton told me after, after he was like, just drink this. No, I, dude, I agree. If I still to this day, if I smell like, like when women put on, no, when women put on deodorant, but their body odor still comes through a little bit.


That smell drives me like absolutely. Oh, I love, I love a girl with pit smell. It's a little bit, I fucking love It a little bit through the deodorant. It's just like, fuck. I love that. Do you like a Girl with a little bit of fumes? Yeah. I, I honestly don't mind it. Yeah. I don't mind About Fumes. Yeah. I, I don't mind a little bit, you know, fumes, are you talking about coming off the box? Yeah, I'm talking about a little fumes. Fumes. No fumes. It depends on the fumes. I prefer No, here's the thing. I can take if it's like pungent, but just like, kind of like bold spices. But if if there's the fish smell. Yeah. Can't Do it. Can't do that man. But there are girls, what we say on our show is there are girls though that we call swim throughs where you will swim through. They're so hot where you'll swim through fumes. Just to bang that. Yeah. Like, like if Kim Kardashian had fumes she'd, she'd be considered a swim through.


Yeah. Yeah. She'd be considered a swim through four Rome. Yeah. Meaning what we mean by that is you'd swim through her fumes just to bang her out. And then four Rome meaning if we were living in ancient society, she would be taken for the Roman Empire ripped away from her mom and dad and she would be part of the harem of King Giannis. That's how hot She is. That's what it would be. That's of Emni. You probably fix. That'd be nice to like take a girl like that and then fix her fumes back in Roman times now. But in Roman times. And that was chilled. And be like, dude, I'm gonna fix your fum Dude, in Roman times, that was a real worry. Like fix, You are gonna fix your fumes. He is like a shop in Roman. Fix your fumes Ground from the ground up. Dude, in Roman times, that was a real worry. Like magic being a father and you know your daughter's like 16 in his smoke tree. Like, this girl's gonna get taken from Rome. The emperor's gonna come and take her when they come to our town.


True. They're gonna take her for the heroin. I can't do anything's, do anything about Nothing. I know for a fact if I was an emperor, that's just unfortunately that's what I would do. Yeah. And Well they, I Would just roll around my chariot and go, do You think? But back then I think it was kind of like if your daughters got snatched up by an emperor, you'd be like, fuck yeah dude. High five your wife. And like, we fucking did it. Well they did. If they snatched you up according to the, to the research we've done, if they've snatched up your daughter farone, which is a real thing, you would, you would get a tax break. So it's like, you know, we act. Yeah. You don't have to fucking hit taxes that year. 'cause we took your kid. Yeah. So what do you do we a deduction do for your family? Yeah, it's a write off. That's A a really, that's a really great Republican platform point. Why not? Yeah. Yeah. It's like you guys want lower taxes. Gimme your daughter.


Dude. I think Olympic athletes that win gold medal should get no pay, no taxes for a lot. They should. I think. I think that's, that's true. 'cause you're not gonna get any money. So my thing is like if you win the gold medal for us, no taxes. I like That idea. Right. And you a podium. I think it's great. That's it. I Agree. I didn't realize they get fucked over so bad. Hell yeah. You spend your whole life doing that and then it's just like, Then they don't give a fuck about You. It's silver metal. And I guess you can start like your own type of lessons back home. Yeah. You gotta be like a super sell. Like Simone Biles gets money. Yes. Michael Phelps got real Money. Whoever gets the bronze medals and work there until he's not Remember. And it's so impressive. You are like, you know, you're like the third best person in the world. It's like, yeah dude. Yeah, they should, you're right. They shouldn't pay taxes. Hell, Hell they should. Dude. That's my, and then I I Military shouldn't pay taxes, dude.


Yeah. Cops. And I think if you did the right thing in November, you shouldn't pay taxes. Yeah. And I did the right thing. My opponent here, he thinks nobody should pay taxes. I believe that the government should pay for gender reassignment surgery. That's my Position. That's what it's Yeah. Ani goes left position. Left Yani left. That be Lefty. I think that's my position. Gender Reassignment. Dude, we met with our driver yesterday So you can have something to jerk off to. Yeah, Dude. Our driver yesterday. I saw that clip. Yeah. Yeah. And ain't nothing wrong with it. I'm off the Porn. I'm off The board. Yeah. Ain't nothing wrong with it. Not all. Yeah, It's sometimes you just look And you go, I'm fooled. I know. I'm Fooled. Sometimes the guy in a wig, you just go, you know what? I'm fooled. I'm telling you man. It's like you watch the porn and it's just like, it just starts to be like, eh, you watch it so much and you're like, what's this?


And it's just a new thing. Well it's disassociation. Gian was telling me yesterday, he was like, you dis and then you start to think about how come my wife doesn't look like that? Why don't we do that? Where's Your penis baby? I said that to her a few times. Here's the eternal, here's the eternal question. What would you rather do? So if you had to have sex with a, like a straight up, you know, buck Angel? Sure. Yeah. Like a dude with a pussy or a lady with a dick. Who would you rather Tranny. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, can I do it quicker? Yeah. It's it's, it's a weird, it's a, I'll Even it one further like a hot beautiful tranny with a great personality. 'cause it's not all about the physical for every woman. Or like a butchy lesbian or Roseanne O'Donnell Trans. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Going trans You wouldn't take down like a stud.


And I'm Just, I'll just pretend if we're having sex that my penis was so big it popped out the other side. Right. That's all you gotta do is use your Imagination. Well we watched a science video about, about the neuroscience of the brain. We watched this a few years ago where they said actual, from a scientific point of view, the highest climax, the best orgasm a man can have is when they're watching transgender porn. Because the number one things, the one and two things that men are attracted to, most men are big boobs and a big dick. So that is, that is the thing. And that's heterosexual men. We're not talking about gay men. We're talking I know. Because a heterosexual man, even if it's not transgender porn will fast forward subconsciously if the man's penis is not big enough while they're watching it. Yeah. Because we everything, we mirror everything.


Yeah. So a big penis and big boobs, theoretically would get the most excitement from the male brain. And that's a transgender person. And it's, and that's another truth. Bader Ginsburg. That's the truth thing, is It's subconscious and it's just the way it is. And the truth is that gay guys don't watch that. They don't like, gay guys are not into it. Yeah. They're not. It's some of it's impressive. You are going like, it's almost like impressive. It's like when you see, like when a Puerto Rican soups up a car. Yeah. You're going like, look what they did with that fucking Honda. The ground effects. Yeah. You're Like, this was a guy. Look what, Look, look at the Ramsey. Put on the, look at the fucking, the Ramsey put on that body. You're not, you're not gay. Like we, I think we sit, sit and think a lot. We're gay and that's why it's great to be in comedy, have gay friends. 'cause I've asked Mateo Lane multiple times, am I gay? And he said, no, you're not gay.


You're just feminine. Yeah. But that's not gay. It's not gay. You're more like a woman than a man, but you're not attracted to men. And that's because you really don't know man. As your, as your brain starts to develop, you're like, I don't know. Yeah. Because I will not immediately push a handsome man out of my brain. If he pops in while I'm masturbating, I'll let him hang out a little bit. Yeah. But that's just being a more of a woman, not a gay man. For sure. 'cause we said it many times and Giannis is the one who discover this, that I like to, I fall in love with men, but I have sex with women and that's just who I am. But that's not gay. Very nice. According to Mateo, who I would say is like, I mean, he's the top gay. Yeah. And they can tell if they're, if you're Hes, if you're Gay, they can look at you and be like, you know, For sure he saw Me, dude. I mean, but Chris did try to crawl in my bed last night. I tell with me. Yeah. Really?


He just, I just got a little freaked out 'cause my TV wasn't working. I don't like sleeping in the dark. So I just knocked on Gianni's door and I said, can I just fucking post up in here? He just chill. Yeah. Yeah. But I couldn't, but then I couldn't. 'cause his feet smelled so bad. So I, I just, I'd rather sleep with the fear of Ted Bundy popping out of a closet that smell. Well that was your hetero kicking in being like, just the smell was off. And you're like, what the fuck am I gotta get outta here? I gotta Get outta here, dude. 'cause if I was a real gay guy then I would've just fucking went in and tried to, you know, Bang. You would've washed, you would've washed his feet then. A hundred percent. Dude, it would be nice. Made it work for me. Yeah. It was a quiet blow. Slow blowjob. But you're a big fan of history. Yeah. Just a quiet slow one. That, that that, that one made me like, I felt that one a quiet slow blowjob to your male friend like that. Literally like, it actually made me like pause, like we're fucking around.


But that one I have to be like, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's Like, like you grab onto the podium, like, holy shit. Matt went crazy just now. The quiet and slow is gayer than the blow jump. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Dude, if you would've been like, oh, a teethy blowjob, I'd like, ah, yeah, man. But quiet as Luck a fucking manly one. Like, yeah, that one Like, yeah, that's another one. I'll just probably think about that now. S like, the fuck are you doing man? You're gonna get a text from me like 4:00 AM quiet and slow. Question mark.


PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. Let's just jump into this. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks it's playoff time and it's now or never. Don't miss out on the last few weeks of football action With PrizePicks the best place to win cash while watching the playoffs. PrizePicks now offers MasterCard for quick and easy deposits into your account this sports season. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday PrizePicks discounts. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think Lamar Jackson will get more than 250 passing yards next week. Will Patrick Mahomes pass more than 1.5 tds? Hmm. Cook up Hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks. I mean, oh man. Patrick Mahomes throwing those 1.5 tds. Hmm. I think he might be able to do it. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Now. Let's get back to the show also, guys, before we do, happy New Year, by the way. Happy New Year. And with the new year, I am glad to announce we're outta the podcasting desert man. We're after this week business as motherfucking usual. Thank You guys for, you know, trudging through the podcasting desert with me. It was, it was interesting. And you know, like I said before, it was a crucible situation and a cr in a, in a crucible You are steel is melted down and reforged into sometimes a stronger, sometimes a weaker shape. But I'm excited to announce that. Anyway. I don't know. I'm very tired. I stayed up late last night and now I have to do advertisements.


Let's get back to the show. But yo Yeah, we, we talk, we talk about this all the time and you love history too. On our show, we talk about, when you look back at history and all the empires, just the top guys, like the vice Roys and, and the emperors and all that. They just engaged. They took whatever was on the table. Men, women, eunuchs boys. It's crazy. And they were the toughest dudes. Like Alexander the Great was like the most masculine guy. And that guy had a straight up boyfriend. Yes. He had boys. He had and he had a but an actual like lover that was his, I can't remember his name. I'm forgetting something Greek. Something Greek. Yeah, something. It Was his, it was a battle boy. He took a boy in a battle. It was like a battle boy. No, but no, he had one guy that was like his 13 year like partner.


And when that guy died he made it like a holiday. He quieted. He was like, it was like a, he was like, he was beside himself. Damn. And yeah, I think he just was in a great depression because he was in love with a guy. There Were no labels back then though. That's the thing. It's like you being gay or straight was irrelevant. They didn't care about that. It was like, it was more of like, do you love your country and wanna fight in war or not? Yeah. But you being gay, they were like, we don't, that's not, it was totally, everybody's banging guys, girls, animals, it doesn't matter. It does. So now, and because dude, even like the label of being gay, that's like 150, 200 years old. Even in Abraham Lincoln's time, nobody cared that the guy, the who was it, the guy before him? James Buchanan.


Yeah. He was like known gay, never had a wife. They used to call him. They used to call his like guy that was always with him. I think they used to call him like Aunt Nancy or something like that, which is like a gay term back then. But like, they didn't care. The people didn't care. His, his political opponents didn't slander him with that. 'cause they were like, nobody cares about this. Yeah, yeah. That'ss kinda wild. It, it only came later in life. Like, oh, being gay was taboo. Well it's crazy too that, you know, if you think about how strong gay must be to like fight through like biblical, like the Bible belt stuff. Yeah. And even I'm sure in medieval Christianity it was probably kind of frowned upon. Oh yeah, yeah. Like heavily. Heavily. Yeah. And you know, pur puritan times like gay just like kept bubbling under the surface. Yeah. And eventually was like, yeah, we're fucking gay.


The whole society had to be like, All right, our bad. We Trying to Yeah. It's a strong, strong driving force. Listen What it is like people are like, oh, Pete, Pete Icic Pete bud ache. Who we say? Pete likes it in the budgie. Yeah, he Does. Unfortunately. And I don't know why his political opponents, like if he ever went up against Trump, I trump that is what Trump should say. Yeah. Pete likes it in the budgie. That would, that would go viral. That would be, Dude, He's gonna watch us to take that. Yeah. But my point is like, he can take it dude. People think that's so shocking that this, he would never a presidential candidate who was gay. But when you look back at the Roman Empire, Trajan was a full gay dude and he was like the best Roman, he was like one of the ones by historians that's considered to be like one of the best emperors. And he was just a gay guy.


Yeah. Because he wasn't even into like, I'm gonna marry my horse or you know, he was just love best. I love my, He was a gay guy. And the clarity, the clarity must be amazing to like not be just kind of like dealing with like a, a lady, like if you're a gay, like, and women are like blah blah, blah. You're just like, I, I, for real, I'm not doing this. We're immersed in like Yeah. You know, we're immersed in women's thoughts. Sure. If you have a wife and you're a straight guy, it's just like you're constantly just dealing with just whatever. You know what I just a minor problem that if you're a gay guy that imagine if those problems never crossed your radar. Sure, yeah. That's, it's like I didn't eat all day. Like, you know, you have to be like, what Fuck. You Can get a lot done. Yeah. You can really crush it. You Could look at Michelangelo and you're like, that guy got a lot done. 'cause he didn't have to listen to those, like people with smaller brains. Yeah. Yeah. Bill Burr has like a good bit, like paraphrasing about like, if you see like a lesbian, a 30 5-year-old lesbian in a bar who's married and a 30 5-year-old married guy at a bar, straight guy, they have the same look like they're both angry, pissed off.


But then a 30 5-year-old gay guy, like, he was like, have you ever seen a sad gay man? And it's the truth. You have never seen it. They're just always, they was just always having fun life in the party. There's Also, there is actually a kind of a dark element to just like, we, we used to do a comedy show in a gay bar. Right. And they were so mean to the female comics. Good. Oh yeah. Yeah. They are fucking ruthless. Like, like the lady was on, they'd be like, boo honey, you stink. And like, I was like, Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Ruthless. They can get kind of nasty. Yeah. They can get really nasty. You know what I just thought of, you know what's really funny to think about? Michelangelo fully gay guy Sure. Painted the Sistine Chapel. All the people that come in and pray like hate homosexuals, but like the biggest Christian icon in the world was made by a flaming $3 bill.


I think that that's like kind of poetic justice for the gay community. It, yeah. It's, it's also imagine him just drawing all those beautiful baby penises too. Oh yeah. Yeah. Just you need, you need the master. Yeah. Like do you think after he sculpted David when he just that 'cause that penis is like remarkably small, you know, went like this. Yeah. Just gave, just gave it a kiss on the ball. Just bag mag. Just crad. Yeah. God. It is. It's a Masterpiece. That is a good point You bring up. It's mostly baby penis that he's was painting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And all the popes came in, they're like fucking perfect, Bro. You know, that was, You know, that was started by some powerful dude with his small dick and he was like, everyone's dick's gonna be small. I don't want any anyone to see, because people probably saw each other's dicks all the time. They only had togas on.


So when they sat down, I mean, they didn't have underwear yet. No. And you had to live communally a lot. A lot of people. People just lived in the same Yeah. One big room. So this whole taboo of like sex is in private wasn't really a big thing back then. Like pe parent kids would watch their parents have sex as if they would watch a guy work out or whatever. Yeah. They were like, it's just we all live amongst each other. Yeah. Where like, yeah. Get outta the way. Yeah. Do you ever see how they shit in those old Roman latrines where it was just like, no, they all shit together. It was public shit. Public toilets and they all, and they would hang out and it was social for them. They'd shit next to each other. What about toilet paper? What would they use? That's the thing. I think they used water. They used. Oh really? I just wash your rest with some water. I think they used Leaves. I think they used Water. Yeah. They didn't have that back then.


Even Like the hair of a U there. Dude, Medieval London was the same. If you had to take a shit, you were supposed to like walk out of town and like shit off the bridge and it would just fall on the river. Yeah. But if you like got caught dumping your thing, they would, they would like really fuck you up. They would, the the fucking, the butchers too would just throw entrails out into the street every day. So you'd walk and there would just be like rotting fucking animal carcasses. Downtown Manhattan. Right. That, that, that famous like lake. Remember downtown? Oh yeah. The old Brooklyn Old Manhattan. Yes. Yeah. Collect pond. That's what it was called. Collect, collect pond. All they do, they all the butchers. All the waste. Human waste Games in New York time. Yeah. Games in New York time. Yeah. There was just this disgusting lake that had all the waste from animals and butchers and They would do It.


It just, yeah. We, we always say history stank. Yeah. I mean, it just, you can smell. When you think about what history must have smelled, like it Just started, it was Teddy Roosevelt who was the one that changed it all. Teddy Roosevelt instituted, liked the sanitation department and would come guys dressed in all white. Like, we gotta clean this up. Yeah. Because dude, the idea of like a germ being discovered that that was the Louis Pastore. That wasn't that long ago. No. Do You Know who actually discovered germs before Pasteur? There was a guy, he was a doctor in. Like, I don't, IMI forget where he was. Somewhere in like maybe Belgium or somewhere. And they were doing this thing. I was just talking about this last night. They, so back then they would deliver the babies. You know, a lot of babies died. So like, there was like, where they put the dead babies was really close to where they delivered babies.


So doctors would be handling dead babies constantly. Like, All right, here you go. And be like, All right, let me deliver this baby. So they're transferring like dead fetus, germs to living fe and it was, it was killing like 50% of the, the babies. Right. And then this one doctor was like, dude, I think there's like stuff getting on our hands from these dead babies. And he started washing his hands with like a solution of whatever chemicals. And he, and he, like the, the infant mortality rate went down to like only like, you know, 7% of the babies were dying or whatever. Interesting. And then he tried to tell the other doctors about it and they were like, nonsense. We're doctors and doctors are gentlemen and gentlemen are always clean. And then they like told this guy, he was crazy. He wasn't in an insane asylum and he died. Yeah. Wow. And then they eventually figured out like, fuck That.


He was true. He was Totally Right. 'cause infant mortality rate, you know, like when people, you know, you think like, oh, from the 1,516 hundreds, oh we would've been dead by 35 40. But that's not true. Like all like Benjamin Franklin, these guys lived to their seventies and eighties. It was the, the, it would say life expectancy of a male back then was whatever, 45. But it's because of the infant mortality rate. That's what science doesn't tell you. 'cause so many babies, were dying at one minute old that it brings your average down. But if you passed, if you passed childhood, most likely you were gonna live to your seventies and eighties like we are today. That's crazy. So we don't live much longer. It's just, we don't die as babies as much because back then no processed food. Working with your hands. Yeah. Out in the sun.


All those things. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. That's crazy. 'cause I've been thinking about that nonstop being like, damn, if it was like 200 years ago, I'd have been dead. Like I'm No, You wouldn't. Most likely. Well you might have died as a child if somebody put some dead baby juice on you for Yeah. But People did die of like, you know, viruses, germs. Yeah. You would Catch, you get a fever done A lot. You know, a lot of wives died in childbirth. Yeah. It was really normal to have like three wives just from like your first two dying. Yeah. Right. The weak definitely still kind of got, you know, it was more animalistic in the way that, you know, if you were at a weak immune system, you were gonna go. Yeah. You're out nowadays. You know, there's a lot of weak people walking around. Yeah. Myself included. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine trying to talk to like, you know, somebody in the 17 hundreds about your mental health. Yeah. As a guy. They'd be like, what?


It'd The British are coming. Yeah. What are you talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Stab you with a bayonet. I think it was improper to even like bring it up. I think you had like a couple. Although I did like the letters. People wrote each other in history. That's something we gotta start back up. Just writing. Yeah. Beautiful. Oh Yeah. Beautiful letters, long letters to each other Instead of calling depression. Depression they said I'm suffering from melancholia. Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. It's awesome. Yeah. They Did it better. No, nobody has a better joke about that than Greg Giraldo. You ever see that Greg Giraldo joke? He like back in the day would be like, some soldier would be like dearest mother dearest Martha, I missed the please kiss the children on the forehead and your visage. I miss your visage with every battle. And then now he goes, the letters now like, dear Marie, don't fuck nobody.


Yeah. I'll be back. Yeah. It's changed. It's true. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of, it kind of sucks. I mean, dude, Josephine's and Napoleon's letters are, I mean, I mean, Joe talk about stench, Napoleon and Joe Napoleon is saying, I can't wait to fake smell your bush. I, he said get your pube. Like basically paraphrasing. But he said, I want your pubes when I get there. I want your bush as as big as possible and I don't want you to take a shower. And he would come in fellon. He needed to bang her out. Yeah. With like a full this stink as pussy she could possibly have. So she would not bathe. Like if she knew he was coming, she wouldn't bathe for like five, six days. Whoa. And just let the bush go. Yeah. Because that's what he wanted. That's a wild boy right there. Dude. Joe, look up, if you're into that, look up the letters between Josephine and Napoleon.


They are wild. Just Totally horn Letters. Like wild dude. Damn. Requesting the big stinky bush is like pretty, He wanted it like Yeah. He wanted it big time. I want, yeah. I want that thing lost. Yeah. Yes. He wanted it dude. And that's just how he's, you know, it's what It is. Guys at the top always have some peculiarity about them. Yeah, yeah. For sure. And here's the thing about it, Poon, he actually wasn't that much of a squeak. He wasn't that That's funny. Squeak is a little guy. Guy under five six. 'cause everybody was kind of short, right? Yeah. He was like five, seven or eight. You Know what that was, right? It was, it was British misinformation. What the British did that on purpose. There was a, a writer, I'm blanking on his name, but he wrote when the British were fighting the French that let's make Napoleon. 'cause nobody really knew back then.


Let's just make, do all these political cartoons of him being really short. Ah, they short. But he, so it's not like he was over like George Washington was legit. Six five. Yeah. He was tall. Lincoln was tall. But Napoleon wasn't tall like that. But he just was a normal height. Yeah. So this whole idea of like Napoleon complex is, there's truth in that. But he didn't suffer from it 'cause he wasn't short enough. He was an average height for that Guy. That's fucking Bullshit. Yeah dude. It's fucking Bullshit. Just lets you know man, like a lot of the stuff in history is just not true. It's just misinformation. It's misinformation, dude. Even even It's fake news. It's fake news that trump's not wrong with that. Even Dude, he really did blow the lid off. I, I mean, I remember watching the news when I was like 20, but I was al I was always like very stoned all the time. And I was like, dude, this just shit is fucking fake.


Yeah. But like then I would still like read the headlines and like, there's gotta be some modicum with truth to it. And then like he really did blow the lid off that. No dude. I was like, oh shit. We are being all lied. Yeah, Completely. Dude, I read this book, I read 1776 and then this book, the British are coming and they basically were saying that even the Declaration of Independence, that was all made up by the founding fathers, they created this idea of like, oh, we want to be free from the British and Independence. But like, that wasn't when the Revolutionary War started. It was all they want. All the people were saying was, we just want to be taxed. If we're gonna be taxed, we just wanna be represented in parliament. That's it. Yeah. Because we don't want the British leave. Because if you think about, put yourself in the mind of a colonist back then, besides like a select few like wild patriots.


But most of the colonists hold up. I just got instantly racist. Yeah, yeah. Get in there. He's like, oh yeah, okay. Put your mind in it. I was calling You. Go sit over there and don't talk. Alright. Got some guys in chains. Yeah. I was just listening to your instruction. Yeah, yeah. About, About go. I watched this Mexican dude. Yeah. Sorry. They didn't even know what that was back then. Jesus. Look at this dirty Irish Mick. They're all drunk. Drunk. Sorry. You're about to go outside and handle the business. Oh wait, I'm hating myself. You dirty Fucking Greek. Yeah, you Greek shit. But, But you White N word. Sorry. That's Okay. I put myself in the mind of a colonialist. That's what it is. Y it just got the super extreme. Oh Yeah. There was a time you'd look at him and if you, back then we is fucking dirty Irish dude.


They were the most racist against the Irish. I Know. They were pretty Bad in New York. They were bad. They were terrible though. When you read about like what they were up to, you're like, those guys must have been fucking terrible. Oh God. Come off The docks. Dude. I was reading, I was reading Angela's Ashes and like, it's so sad. The first chapter, just like the, the author introduces his family, his little sister dies just like in a stroller by herself at nighttime. The family's like, they're just all devastated. So they go back to Ireland and they're on a boat. The mom's on the boat, she's pregnant again, and she gets sick. And as they're looking at the Statue of Liberty, she's explaining it to her family. She's like, I look how beautiful this is. Oh. And then she goes, what? And threw up and it just, the vomit just missed it in the wind and just went on all the other passengers. Oh. And they're all like you. Fuck god dammit lady.


Get the fuck outta here. Yeah, fuck You. And he just watched seagulls eat his mom's vomit as they like sail away. It's beautiful. It is kind of beautiful way. Yeah. But it was the spray of just being like, oh, they're just, yeah. Just crushing all the passengers, Dude. So these colonies, they would, the, the declar, the they, you know, they just wanted to be taxed. Right. They just wanted to be represented by parliament. But back then they were like, if you were a 13, if you were a colonist, you had, you wanted the British because you had to the north, the French who at that point wasn't on your side. And they would kill you and take your land. And then to the South Spain who definitely didn't like you. Yeah. And then to the West Native Americans who absolutely despised you. And the only thing stopping those three people from coming to kill you were the British.


Oh wow. Cause they were like, we're one of the Bri, you do not fuck with Britain. That's a British subject. So, but then the wars going on, you know, 1775 or whatever, all the soldiers, they, they did nine months. But they were like, well dude, we gotta go home. We're gonna lose to these British fucks. We gotta go home because we got our farms. We gotta take care of our farms. Our wives are dying. Like the, oh, who knows, we have to go back. And they just started leaving in droves. Yeah. So Washington Thomas Payne common sense was like a pamphlet. Like the first viral thing that ever happened. He, Tom George Washington told Thomas pain, dude, you're like a great writer. Why don't you make up, can you make up something to like galvanize these guys to come back? So they came up with, what if we change this messaging from taxation without representation to let's be free from the tyrannical Brits.


Let's just be free from these fuckers. Don't you hate them? And then that messaging started to get into people's minds. And then next thing you know, they're fighting the British and they're like, this is not even what we wanted. But we just believed the fake news. And then obviously as you know, Benjamin Franken had to go over to Paris and bang some, some of Louis, the Louis King Louis's concubines to get in Louis's ear. And then he convinced fucking, he convinced the the French to get into the war. 'cause the French hate the British more than anybody. Yeah. And then we won. Yeah. But that was not so it was fake news how it start. That's crazy. That's what these books said. Yeah. Really? Yeah. And that was the last time the French were tough. Yes. The end dude, they got fucking steamrolled in World War ii. Big rolled. We gotta talk about that for another day. But the French got absolutely fucking field goal kicked in in World War ii.


And they were the number one seed. They were the number one army in the world. Yeah. They were killing it for world. But they would always bankrupt themselves. That was a problem. Everything I've read about French history is them being like, All right, how much money do we have? Like nothing. Yeah. Fuck dude. And another, god dammit, another fun fact history with the French like Dun Kirk, when they got like steamrolled and Dun Kirk and we almost lost everything, whatever. I read something that said one of the main, one of the, of course Germany was this crazy army on a mission, whatever. But Hitler would not allow the German soldiers to get prostitutes. Or if you, if you got caught masturbating or drinking, you could take the pon or chocolate, which was crystal meth. So Yeah. Yeah. They allowed meth. But no, but no banging prostitutes and no masturbating and no alcohol because he wanted like a fucking tiptop army where the French were encouraging prostitution and were encouraging you to like be free, sexually free.


And supposedly there was sexual STDs running rampant through the French army those last six months before the Nazis took over them. And these was, these guys were like fighting with like active chlamydia and vd, where the Germans were just coming in fully loaded Cox on crystal meth, ready to steamroll. Damn. And that's like a big part of like, why they just beat the shit outta everybody. But then as the war went on, the crystal meth, obviously you can't take that for so long. Yeah. Then even Hitler, you started to go nuts. Yeah. It's just like rock and roll. They had better drugs. True. Yeah. Like the guy, guy, the best bands had better drugs. Oh dude. That's what they say. That's like meth, psychosis and like World War II as like a Nazi soldier. Must've been crazy. Dude. Crazy. Come imagine coming outta that. A lot of soldier Nazi soldiers killed themselves when they got back to Germany because they were like, not only does the world hate us, but like, I didn't want to do this.


I was on meth. Yeah. Ah. And I killed all these people and did all this shit and I'm done. And they killed themselves. Yeah. I don't think you could, I think, I think you can't do war without drugs. You have To be On a little bit. Yeah. I, I think So. I think it's, you're just ripping at now and Yeah. I that you Gotta be a real psychopath to just go sober. Sober. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to do. Like, stand up without cold drinks. That'd Be funny. A guy facing death. He's like, no, dude, I got 13 days sober. You guys drink, dude. I Mean, going, this would die. What do you think this is? This is drugs, dude. Exactly. This is, I'm on using a drug right now. Yeah. I I needed it today. I really, but yeah, I think a lot of it too is just nicotine. I think they're just crushing fucking nicotine pouches, whatever. They probably like 500 milligrams of caffeine a day. Yeah. That's it. There's, I, there's a nice story about World War ii. I Think nothing that would chill them out, that's for sure.


No, what? They weren't sitting there microdosing mushrooms. I, they would all I think There Whoa. When they get back, A lot of them do actually. But yeah, that one, they're there. But the, there was a story I read about World War ii, where the, I think the Nazis were in Italy, I think at some point. And they were like, they came to the bridge like, you know, Dante's whatever, Inferno or whatever. Sure. So it was the bridge from the book where he first laid eyes upon Beatriz before she died. And there's, it's an, an actual bridge there in Italy. And the, the Nazis, they could have blown the bridge up to keep like the Americans, whoever, like off their ass. So they radioed. I, they had some sort of communication. They were like, look, we won't blow up Dante's Bridge where he saw Beatrice, because it's such a beautiful place. You guys gotta promise to do like a 20 minute time out. And they were like, All right.


And the Americans chilled for like 20 minutes. Really? Let them cross the bridge. And they didn't blow it up. And then they used it 20 minutes later and like pursued 'em. Wow. It was just like a weird moment in the middle, in the middle of like, war, where they're like, dude, that fucking British. Well That's like World War I. You ever seen that story about the French and the British on Christmas day? They're sitting there in the trenches. They, they're there for a year. They had, each side has moved up like 50 yards max. They're in there. There was no man's land it was called where like, you know, you know, it was all like, you know, mines and everybody would just die there. So Christmas, I forgot which side. But one of them basically called a timeout. And they all went out to no man's land and had Christmas dinner together, drinking, eating. And then they went back December 26th and started killing each other again. What the fuck? It's a, it's a in fascinating thing in World War I, Christmas dinner.


Yeah. Yeah. It's gotta be so nice. It's crazy. Yeah. Just hang out. You're like, this is just in regular guy. I don't hate this guy. You gotta shoot him the next day. Yeah. And the next day you're just blowing his foot. Yeah. Yeah. It just lets, you know how big propaganda is in war. You need it. Like, you just need it to be like, look at these dirty jabs. So you just need it. Otherwise, guys are going, why am I killing these? This guy? Well you're committing mass murders, so Yeah, you have to. Or dude who didn't even bang your girl. Or like, I know, get, get the, get the TV show you wanted it. I Mean Yeah. It's a weird on and off switch. 'cause in this society Yeah. No reason to kill this guy. No, you have, in society, you have to control murder. Then it, every now and again, you gotta be like, you know who kind of sucks actually. Yeah. What if we just killed that whole country and everyone's like, what the fuck? Well, like the Japanese, like the emperor is just like, guys, if you fly your planes into the sides of this, the, you know, fly your planes into the sides of the, the American boats.


I can personally, I'm the emperor dude. I can, I guarantee you're getting into heaven. You're have whatever you want. They're like, like Yeah, I just did it. But that emperor's like fucking dude. I don't know. Yeah. You know, they, our politicians know our weakness. All you gotta do is like a little fake attack on us. Yeah. A little something like, and that gets us. Yeah. Pearl Harbor nine 11, the drones that's attack Anyway. They'll be like, we're going to this country. They didn't have anything to do with. They're like, just fucking kill people. Boing. One of our fucking boats are serious. Nobody Was like, wait a second. Aren't, why are we going to Iraq? Yeah. Everyone was just like, go, go. Yeah. That was, that was a total green light. Everyone thinks we're gonna, I, I've heard people, I should say, who think we're going to go to war with China. Like that's inevitable. Yeah. That'll be, they're flying your drones right now.


Over my house, Dude. Honestly, dude, who Is the president? What's going on? Dunno. If I was the president, I would just go to war with Portland. Yeah. Fuck. Portland would Be nice. I just say, get these guys Outta Here. Dude. My theory is World War iii. If we are all being smart, we should stop fighting. Kind of like, you know, between countries and have just all attack the oldest, like the elderly. Yeah. Right. Just Plunder the elderly Across them outta here, across the world. Get them Outta here. If you gotta get your blood thirst. Yeah, exactly. We all plunder, we all make a deal. Like, look, let's just use all these advanced technologies we've created to like Yeah, absolutely. Plunder the elderly. Do you think we're gonna come together as a planet and fight whoever's controlling the drones? Like this? These drone things? You think like the aliens, you think the alien invasion, this project Blue Light or Beam Light, whatever.


Yeah. I don't know. Bluebeam I've heard of That's what everyone's saying. Blue Book. I think it's called Blue Book. Blue Bluebeam. Bluebeam. Bluebeam Bluebeam. Yeah. Where it's like, you know, the alien, like where the countries are staging a alien attack and they're gonna say that these drones and we're gonna get attacked by aliens and come together against a common good. That Would be great. I've heard that. I've heard that theory. Common enemy on they're gonna use it to do like a one world of government situation. You think so? I mean, yeah. People get mad. I always say this, but I, I do think like it that kind of setup or that, I don't know man. I don't know if we'll always be countries or if that unification will ever happen where we're like, 'cause I mean they have the EU now, right? So all it would take is like us. I don't know man. You gotta, people get really whacked Out about it. You gotta you gotta unite people with There's too many languages, dude. It always works. Language, religion. You gotta Do. Yeah, true. But They'll have what should go with go English one, Chinese two.


I mean, dude, what do you want to go three The most beautiful Ones? English, Spanish, French, Chinese is out. Chinese out. Let them learn French. Yeah. You don't Wanna be like They can it. Yeah, they can do it. They can do it. They're the smartest people in smartest humans. Let's the Ashkenazi Jews. Yeah. Romance languages are the best sounding languages when you don't speak 'em. They are. I'd like to speak that They are pleasant. Yeah. When I hear Hebrew, I'm like, I don't wanna speak that language. It's harsh. Hebrew's Harsh. When I went to Sicily, dude, I was fucking rock hard 24 hours a day. Oh yeah. Just listening to people speak. Yeah. Dude. French is French as well, man. I've, I've always, I'm, I'm like, the French accent kills me. Yeah. I'd love to Fucking French Also. Yeah. But yeah, I, I don't know. I mean, here's the thing. If that happened, even if they staged a fake alien attack and we got to be like with like Russia.


Like, come on brother, let's shoot all these fucking aliens. Yeah. That would be fun. That would be, how much better than Covid would that be? Being like, we're fighting the aliens together. Yeah. We'd lose so quick if it was a real thing though. Yeah. I mean, dudes that can come here like light years. I know. We Done Be like, pow, pow. Yeah. That's what our guns would sound like to them. Pow. Yeah. Pow. And they'd just be like, Well this is my argument for that. If you're able to get to that level of technology, I, I do think there's a good chance that you would've worked out the weird interpersonal kinks that would make you like a weird kind of like domineering war. But they may look at us like cattle though and be like, you know, they may look at us like ants or something, but like, not even have that compassion. 'cause they're like, look at these stupid That's true too. Yeah. They're like doing podcasts.


They're talking, they're like, Yeah, they they're probably digging the cast. They Probably dig In cast. I think so. Yeah. It might be the thing that they, like if You could hear if, I mean they're probably smart enough. Imagine if you could like just watch ants and like get a full in depth look into like what they're thinking. That's true. If feeling all day, this Is awesome. That's a good point actually. That's a good point. Yeah. I don't think the, I don't think the drones are sniffing for nukes though. That was a big theory to thing. I said's nuke sniffers. And even if they are, I don't think the drones will, I don't think the nuke will go off because it's in America. I think the nuke knows like, I'm home. This is where it created me. I can't tell my Father. Yeah, I know. So I think the nuke, the nuke will do a quick scan and say there's not enough Japanese people here. I can't go off unless there's a certain percentage. It's Yeah.


I just kidding around. They don't have A shark. I'm just kidding around. Yeah. It's a character piece. Yeah. It's probably ai now it's probably full. The nukes probably conscious. It's like, I, I don't want do this. Yeah. But like, you know, you know, it was created here. So like the nuke kind of knows like, oh, Do they think the drones are I kill my Father? Yeah. They think they're gonna set off the nuke or something. They think The drones sniffing for the nuke Where it is To where it is to find it. Oh, okay. So The, the issue is the nuclear weapons now supposedly are, have more power power than Hiroshima and they can be fit in a suitcase. I've heard. Yeah. That's the issue. Yeah. Yeah. So, Yeah. I mean, dude, I, I, I don't know. I I, I had a, I had a guy on recently, he did a James Fox. He did like multiple documentaries on UAPs and UFOs and stuff.


And he's like, I mean, he's totally convinced. He's like, dude, we've been contacted multiple times. But I, I don't know. I don't, it's like, what the fuck are you gonna do? It's like, I, if you're worried about an alien invasion, it's like, bro, you're totally powerless. I have no fear of that for some reason. Yeah. I have zero even nuclear, nuclear war. I'm kind of like, Whatever. Yeah. I just don't worry about it. I'm like, dude, I don't know. I was like, It's Gonna happen. I hope it doesn't happen, but you know, I'm not gonna be like, Hey guys, knock it off. Yeah. You should really rethink this. But it's like, it would suck if it didn't. Like, if it was like, it put us in like the wasteland scenario, but then it's like we get to all do out. So it's like, I Don't know. Yeah. Then the whole world would just look like sixth street. Yeah. Right. Austin, You can go there and practice at the end of the world.


This Is what, this is why we come to Austin. Dude. We're practicing for the new world. God, What a dump at night that street is. Yeah. That'll be huge. If we, if we somehow, if they can use the aliens to make us somehow, like all disarmed like our nuclear weapons. But like no one's, no one's gonna wanna do it first. They're gonna be like, you know what would happen though? The aliens would have us disarm the nuclear weapons and then we would just go back to medieval warfare like 20 years later. We would just start attacking the regular way. Which that would suck. Yeah. No, we could still, we could still drop big bombs. They just couldn't have. Okay. But you no nukes. But When you're like murdering each other, not you're gonna get the edge. It's like it's it's, it's a, it's a catchy thing. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause they say aliens only started showing up after the first nuke went off. There were no alien sightings before 1945.


That's what the guy James Fox was saying. It was like, they're very draw, a lot of the sightings around military stuff have always been. And then I was like, well if it's just like super advanced technology, they're not talking about, he's like, I mean even that is like a whole thing in itself. He's like, it could be, but Right. Yeah. I mean, Bob Lazar, I believe that guy Bob Lazar saw all that stuff years ago. Yeah. And was telling everyone about it. They're Claiming they can do like full speed Right. Angle turns. Just like, would you like that? Yeah. He said there was a pilot that like sauce, like a, a silver kind of, like a almost like cylinder object just buzzing around. And he like did a nose dive to come down to see what it was. And he said the thing spiraled up towards him. And then when he kind of like, he like tried to contain it and it just was gone. And then he, they had like a latitude, longitude.


And he was like, when he got to the latitude, longitude, it was just there. Just like waiting for him. Yeah. Yeah. Rogan just posted yesterday on his Instagram, like to explain like this footage. And it was like this unedited footage and it's just two orbs. Yeah. Like that just happened I guess last night. And they just, the way they shoot off into space is not, and it, you know, Rogan saying, this is unedited footage. This is real. Yeah. The problem is, is like, well there's like two things. Cause you could fake that so easy. You could fake that. Yeah, you could. Yeah. But there's all these like, high level military guys coming out being like, no, for real. I saw it. So like, why would they risk their credibility? They either don't care about us. They're like, they're looking at us like we would look at ants and like, what do we care? Yeah. Or they're jerking off to us. That's, yeah. Because think about it, when you jerk up to something shameful and then you just jet you like leave.


Like, so maybe they're just taking it out. They're winking it and then they're, and then the commander's like, where were you? And like, he clears the search history. Yeah. The ones who die are like the people who get caught. Like autoerotic, he's fixing. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, he's out there jerking off to the humans. They crashed. Yeah. Because it's the only thing. They come and then they bounce. So what are they doing? I Don't know. What are they doing man? I don't know. I don't dunno. They're either totally disinterested or it's a, it's a fetish. It's a kink for 'em. Yeah. Or like I said, I, I just, I just, you know, I hold out hope being like, dude, if you get that advanced, you must, like, there's no way you get that advanced when you're still like kind of self-destructive. That's what I, and all that. I think they might be pretty chill. Yeah. Right. I think one of the big things they probably to get that advanced, I think they have no shame.


'cause I think the thing that holds humans back is shame. Yeah. Yeah. Shame. It's like, yeah. But It's also Our anger comes from shame and it's all projected out. Yeah. But shame's pretty good though. 'cause it keeps like, You should have a sense of like, if you do a certain thing, like there's gonna be a bad feeling accompanying it. Yeah. If I went home and like blew my dog and just like took a walk. Yeah. That's a problem for society. I need to be like, What's the fuck? Solid, solid point. It's good point. Shame's Not Solid point. Shame's not a bad thing. Is a Bad rep what I said was wrong? Yeah. 'cause you just made a solid point. You need It, dude. Shame is a good, yeah. It's like the, I mean, it's like the beginnings of your conscience. It's just, or your conscience. But it's like, if you kind of get carried away with it, you can't burden yourself with it. Yeah. But like, having no shame is not good. Not good. People might go far in life with no shame, but it's not true.


It's not Good. It's not good. Yeah. You gotta have a balance. You gotta be like, turn off the shame for certain things. Yeah. And then, but then turn it back on when you're gonna blow your dog. Or, or, or You are gonna just, you know, take a kid into a fucking harem and drink their blood. You wanna turn the shame off for that? Yeah. Yeah. Just slow blowing your Dog. You want, you want turn the sha Yeah. You want to turn the shame all the way up at a giddy party and then you want to just turn it off when you're fucking hitting the stage. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. God damnit, dude. The slow, the slow blow is, it's really, dude, it's just gonna be quiet. A quiet slow blow job to a male friend is gonna be something that I might, I might honestly bring it up on Rogan and just ask his assassin.


He would love that. Yeah. What man, what the fuck are you talking about, man? Yeah. Yeah. So I know, I remember one time, I remember the last time I went on, I was saying how attracted I was to this trans actress on the show, baby Reindeer. And thinking like he was gonna be like, like, you know, back and forth to, and he just went, Ugh, it's disgusting. And then he just started talking about alligators. He was fucked. Once you hear fuck, Fuck around. Fuck dude. Yeah. Fuck Around whenever I've done that show. Once he starts talking about grizzly bears. I know I'm bombing. You're, You're bombing, you're Bombing. It's like, you know what, man? You just gotta cook it before trinos sets in. Man. Fuck. And I'm like, okay, I'm boring you. Yeah. So that's the sign. Yeah. It is for real. Dude. I'm, I am, I'm like being genuine. The ability he can, his ability to sit there for three hours and talk.


It's uncanny. It's Crazy. I I, I have no anyone else. He can do it. I can feel an hour in me and I go, All right, I've hitting an hour and I start going All right. Yeah. And to do, and he does that, by the way, three times a week. It's not like he does it once a week. Yeah. I, for it's for real. Like it's pretty nuts. Yeah. He's such a busy guy. I think that's how he schedules in his socializing. That's Good news. Because he's so busy, man. It's good News. Smart. After you podcast a lot, it does kind of suck when you socialize. You're like, dude, I should be getting paid for this, right? Yeah. Why am I wasting my time? Yeah. I'm like, why am I giving gems to these people at dinner when I could just be doing that on the Patreon? Man, I'm out, I'm out with my neighbors. I could just be man on the street right now. I just generating content. Yeah. I mean, dude, we were filming, we were literally talking to our driver yesterday and 'cause he was like a liberal guy from Texas. So we were like going crazy.


We couldn't believe that we finally met one, whatever. And he was like an older guy and we're having fun, whatever, talking and we, we, I was recording the whole thing. I was like, oh, this would be good on Patreon. And then at the end when he's dropping us off, you know, he says, he says like the address of where we are and then Gianni's like, oh sh we probably shouldn't post that dude. He just said the address and the guy was like, are you recording me? And then I just, I slowly put that, I was like, no, no, no, no, no. But it's fun. The last bit we had, because are You are recording me. And then so he could see that at paton.com/history. Hy Heena. We've already posted that puppy. That's So funny. Yeah, he was doing Veritas on fucking, yeah. Yeah. So we're like, that's actually like a crime, but we're just willing to do it if you give us $5 a month. No, it's, it's like investigative journalism project Veritas did. Yeah, dude. That shit was awesome. Awesome. Yeah. When they got guys being just give a guy one martini and he'd be like, dude, fuck, I'm so fucking horny, dude.


All this stuff that Covid is fake. Did you see those videos? Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know if Those real though. Are they Real? I think So. I think they are real. Dude. If you get a guy you can crush, like dude, if you like just go on like LinkedIn profiles and just have like a hot shake, be like, I'd love to come out and talk to you. They'll be like, oh, okay. Oh yeah, Yeah. They'd be like, dude, we're fucking, we're like making up half these fucking, and it was just like, there's a guy, he, he claimed that they were making variants So that they could get ahead of them so they could create vaccines for ones they made up. But here's the issue. He validated. He said that, so they're like, that's wild. Covid iss out there. And they're like, well what if we made a thing, like it got the vaccine for it. And then that way we're all already ready if like, something like that strikes. I see. But to Chris's point, this is why I don't think it's real. And it's probably like a set up, like you're gonna be this guy because it is illegal.


So like, if that really happened, the guy would be like, get in trouble. It's illegal. I can't, It's like a gray area with a journalist though. I think journalists can do that somehow. Can they? I don't know. Well, maybe it's illegal and maybe they're actively suing them, but the whole, it's out anyway. Maybe eventually they'll take it down. But This is maybe They're willing to suck to, to take the lawsuit on the chin. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just To say it, it's a's also Criminal. It's offense though, isn't it? I don't Know if it's criminal. I don't know. Dunno, it's criminal. I don't know. That's a good question. 'cause I know you can't record a phone call without the other person's Consent. Right. So I would assume that it would be a person, Which I've also done a bunch of times. But yeah, I Just posted it. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. But, But you can, yeah. I don't know man. It's, it's a weird gray area. 'cause I feel like journalists have to be able to do that.


Like whistleblowers and shit. Do it all the Time. I think probably if you do it then maybe you, maybe you, I don't know anything. But maybe you do. Dude. The laws are like what? Like if you, any law, like if you've ever, when You are single, if you've ever like paid for a girl's Uber to come over to your house and then you guys have had sex, you've ubered your home, you've technically sex trafficked her. True. Like that's all real. It is. You Know, it's, but Yeah. But you have to trick her. You have to be like, yeah. Which, you know, that is, there is some trickery there always, I guess. Yeah. I mean like, let's watch a movie. We're not really, I don't wanna watch the movie with you. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. I think though the problem becomes, if she comes over and you bang her and then other guys come over and bang her, did You see that shit in France? Yeah. The, we were watching on the plane watching the news. So what we, we couldn't hear what, what's the thing 50 guys are going down for? I, I think a guy was just kind of like, like this is what Diddy was getting accused of with Cassie or Ca, whatever her name is.


Cassidy. Yeah. Saying like, he would just be like, imagine you took your wife out to a nice dinner and then like when you got home, you're like surprised babe. And they were just like four dudes there and she's like, ah, I don't really feel like it. And he's like, nah, it's going down. And he would just have her get, allegedly, have her get kind of banged out. Wow. And I think the French guy was going ham with it at the same setup where he'd be like, surprise. It's wild. And it was just like four of his, four dudes. I'm not gonna say his bros. I don't know if they his bros or not, but it'd be like, like four or five dudes would just Yeah. Run the fucking Banging out his wife. Yeah. Just bang. It was like, apparently 50 dudes got caught Through and he's a real wealthy, like celebrity in Francis kind Of guy. I guess so. Yeah. Which is the craziest thing to get caught with. Yeah. The human brain is wild, isn't it? Wild? Yeah man, it's fucked up.


And that's such a, that's such a wild one though, man. Yeah. They go, you're not gonna fuck me. All right. You just have like dudes come through or They get off on it watching dudes kind of Yeah. Uncomfortably bang their wife. Yeah. It's a weird thing, man. People Got weird things. It's crazy, bro. We all got something. Never me, bro. I'm, I'm new dude. Dude. That's why New Bruno, bro. Now I would be so mad. No, I would, yeah. I'd Upset Third guy. You'd be like, what the fuck am I doing? This is, Yeah. Oh, take three. Yeah. Like by the third you're like, wait, this wasn't a good idea. Yeah. I was fine with the first two. Well, the crazies for you and 50 people to all go down together for that. That was, that trial must have been crazy. Yeah, They're all going down too. Yeah. Yeah. What is French jail?


Even like though? You think it's even that big of a deal? Probably cigarettes, baguettes. Yeah. True. I it's probably jail's probably. And the gay sex there probably has that French, It's probably awesome. Well, it's loving. Yeah. It probably is like, yeah, that's, I don't know, man. The French jail probably actually does suck. Yeah. I mean all jails, I mean, yeah. Yeah. But I wonder the food might be All right, But you Food's probably better, better than most. If You Are a criminal, just take a flight to Norway and commit a crime and then you just live Grave. For sure. No, no death penalty. No life in prison. Most of your prison time is on a farm. Dude, I saw, I saw a documentary about that. They have like guitars and shit. They have like music rooms you can just go play. It's like, I know that is a kind of a good idea. Yeah. It's like kind of like hanging out in like a rec room of a luxury condo building. Yeah. Like, you just got everything you want. You're chilling.


That wouldn't be bad. No, Not at all. And like, you can do a pretty sick crime. You can like crash a car into someone's house. Something like, you know, crazy. Literally That, that guy in Norway who like, like killed all those school kids. Like that awful thing. Yeah. He's just, he's gonna get outta jail. Is he really? He's just in a fucking open air jail. I don't think he's ever gonna get out. But the laws are that he should, but they keep finding reasons To keep him in. Oh, okay. Alright. So I miss him. But it's funny because technically he would get out, but because of what he did, they keep finding loopholes to keep him in there. Yeah. Because their own laws. By their own laws. Right. They're all about rehabilitation and all. Yeah. They just send him to Guantanamo. Yeah. Be sick Them to Guine be like, All right, you're fucking, you're outta here. Yeah. Yeah. Because he shouldn't be there like doing like fucking, he's probably like getting emails and stuff.


Yeah. So that guy should be locked up, Dude. I mean, prisoners have Instagram in the us like they're on, they know it's, they're listening to pods. I know. Yeah. Chilling. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Where are we at Timewise? I don't wanna keep you guys up. We All right? We're Good. Let's get some breakfast, Dude. Yeah, let's fucking eat some breakfast. Thank You guys. Dude, Thank You. Thanks for coming On. Thank You. Oh, and by the way, January 18th, we're doing our first live history hyena show at the Lincoln Theater in Washington DC Yes. Nice man. Dude, we're doing it baby. Yeah. Nice. Two days before the inauguration, so get down there. Yeah, That's gonna be awesome. What's Get tickets at? History hyenas is back.com. Christie comedy.com or giannis paps comedy.com. Yep. Hell Yeah. Hell. Thank You guys. Thank You brother. Hell yeah.