
Wow. Wow, wow. Wes, You guys wanna smoke another cigarette out there and Yeah. Perv out or what? Yeah, I have a, I have a meeting shortly, so it's good. You wasted time. You guys, you knew, of course you knew as soon as Matt arrived, you guys should have been ready. And instead, Lamar don't act like you're writing anything. Time stomps, dude. By the way, remember last week when I was saying on White Lotus, when the guy did said swastika? Yeah. He did say swastika. Everyone thought they were like, no, it's swa. I believe you. It was swastika. Yeah. I believe you. I started doubting myself. I'm like, did I just hear that? Yeah. Am I is, I mean, there is definitely a Nazi frenzy going on right now. I was like, I started worrying. I go, what the hell am I just hearing stuff That's happening.


And you starting to hear it. I'm starting to hear That's a dog whistle. That's exactly what a dog whistle is. Only you can hear it. Oh, I'm starting to hear the whisper, whisper from the nest. I'm like, what the hell? Yeah, it's coming. But Yeah, no, he actually did, and it was in the script. 'cause they actually interviewed him about that. Like, did you improv that? And he goes, no. They put it in the script. Oh, dang. Instead of saying soda, which is like, hello and whatever. What they Thailand? Yeah. Yeah. Just random swasti. What? They're in Thailand? Yeah. He just, it was, yeah, whatever. But he did say swastika, so Yeah. Man, swastikas are, I could say, and I'm, I'm not, they are hot right now. I don't agree With them. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I don't agree with them. If I sold that in my neighbor's yard, it, it'd be fucking, They're on, they're on Teslas now.


They're on Teslas. Are they on Teslas? We love Tesla. Yeah. They're getting, they're getting put on Teslas. You see Trump dog with that? What'd he say? He basically did, him and Elon did like a car commercial for Teslas in front of the White House. And he goes, we love Tesla. Love Tesla. Yes. They really did a, they did like a Tesla car commercial. Yes. Dude, I heard this. And I, I, again, I haven't substantiated it. I saw it was just two guys in like fitness gear on Instagram. So this is my source. So definitely hard. Allegedly. That's Where everyone gets their information now. Well, do These guys seem so confident? They're in like a very, like, you're so goddamn Confident Cool room. And they were like, well, obviously Tesla driving a test reduces your testosterone by 18%. And the other guy goes, I mean, yeah. That, that's indisputable. The EMFs, they're trying to say the EMFs from electric vehicles lower your testosterone.


And I can't get it outta my head. I was in, I got picked up one in the Uber the other day and I was like, God, I'll Tell you what the guy's selling testosterone are fucking Naked Bank. Every single podcast is like, yeah. What'd you have today? Peanut butter jelly. Yeah. That lowers your testosterone, you know? All right. Shit. All right. Thank You. I think thinking about your Testosterone, I think podcasting lowers your testosterone. I'm tired of hearing guys talking about being men while talking into a fucking microphone. Somebody fucking tough guys doing podcasts these days. Yeah. It's literally the biggest girl thing you can do is sit there and gossip. It's true. In front of a camera. Dude. If you know how to, like, if you get a real man on a podcast, they're like, and then I talk, they like, they're 10 feet away. Yeah. Not near the microphone. They go, what is this what you guys do?


You just talk here? Yeah. If you get a Microphone, it should Be this far from your head. You should just stare nervously and go, I don't know. Is this good? What do you want me to say? Yeah, you're absolutely right. Podcasting has destroyed the e EMFs coming from, I don't even know what they are, but those, the podcast Mf are coming from podcasts. It's coming from tough, tough guy podcasts. Enough of it. I think we need them. You think we need tough guy Podcasts? I think we need tough guy podcasts. Like, which, what would your think favorite tough podcast? I think it look good. We're around, we're talking tough. Who else is doing Tough Guy Podcasts? Every fucking person on the internet. I Mean, all the country. We have so many, our tough guys need other shit to do. We're out. Tough Guy. True Europe. Well, when Europe, that's a problem. When Europe gets tough, guys, you gotta watch their tough guys.


Their tough guys go pretty well. The Tough guys rise up meteoric pace just to the top immediately. We need more Teslas over there in Europe. Teslas they're Yeah. The right wing in Europe. I don't read enough about it, but I think they're fucking heating up. They're heating up, they're Boom shock. Lock Up. He's on fire. Yep. That's how it ends. Yeah's how it, my brother's in Europe chill. Let us handle this shit. Yeah. Doesn't look good when they do it too. They've failed too many times at it. True. Tough Guy. Podcasts have failed there time and time again. True. That I You were like the, the book I'm listening to, what is it?


I get like five minutes a night before you're talking About the one you're falling asleep To the guns of August. It's very nice. You would love I Like that narrator, bro. You Would love how it started, how it's, it's World War I. So it's just the funniest Mystery. World War i's a total mystery. They're literally, it's just family. It's one family. And they're all, they're all related. Like the Kaiser is related. I guess that's the weirdest part. They're all family and they all have to like hang out together. And it's like succession. Except it results in one of the biggest catastrophes in human history. Yeah, dude. Like how did that happen though? Like, how did those, They were like jealous of each other. The Kaiser was like a small hand and he's like, don't fucking look at my hand. Fuck. Yeah. I think it was him or the saw. I forget. Yeah. The one guy was like, fucked up The one Kaiser. Well, that was, was he done Wilhelm Too?


Wilhelm's the one they kind of pinned the entire war on shit. Which that led down. Wait, World War I startup, just because of a couple dudes beefing. Yeah, pretty much. Damn. You can blow it down to that. That stinks. Well, actually, it's a, it's a total mystery. It's, I don't think it's, I think that's the whole point of this book is the buildup to World War I. So there, like, if you look into it, there's explanations. Yeah. But like, they all say like, oh, they were cousins and stuff. But has anyone like looked into, like, how did, was that just like England trading somebody to France and being like, you marry your Own guy. Yeah. Yeah. That's how well the World War I was basically the end of monarchies Europe. Yes. I do Remember that in Europe. So it was still that type of thing where it's like the Hapsburg Royal family.


Yeah. There's like families that you, you do trade, you know? Sorry, I'm gonna throw Up. I can't handle the nick. Dude. I'm Those are strong, bro. Those Min, I know they get you. Yeah. Spicy. They Dis all fast. But like Marie Antoinette, she wasn't French. She was, I heard traded in a, Where was she from? England. I think Austria Aust Wrong. That's where she was from. Damn. Dude. That must be cool though, to be like, beefing with a whole other country and be like, Bro, just fuck my Daughter. Send our hot fucking daughter, Send our fucking hot daughter over there. We'll chill. And if, if, if they, if your daughter doesn't work to satisfy the nation. Yeah. You don't have to like, millions of men have to die. But then the nations, the people don't know shit. You know, it's not like they're interacting. It's not like there's the internet. They're all just sitting there. And then a royal family will beef and be like, send the bros.


Yeah, Send the bros Send a million of the bros over there. But you know, they did a really bad thing. You're just like, what? What did they do? They didn't fuck Our daughter does that. They said our daughter was ugly at A party. Didn't read. Go ahead. What'd you say? I was gonna say, Does that mean like, back then you were like, now we're bummed when you have thought daughter. Does that mean back then they were kind of like, thought Daughter. She's a whore. It's a very American thing to not be thought daughter is big in the world. Yeah. Ah. And you go, nice. I'm gonna send her to a family. I'm gonna get a couple barrels of fucking Yeah, Man. So We, we are the ones who started caring about thought. Thought daughter. Well, I think slut daughter is always been frowned upon. Okay. Dude. As a brother, job hot was nice. Hot daughter was hot daughter. Oh, okay. Come hot. Daughter was perfect. It was like fucking having a Tesla dude. Yeah.


It's like getting a Tesla. It was like a Tesla truck. Yeah. We love it. That was like a T truck. My daughter Does. A hot daughter raises tea from what I've seen. Oh yeah. Usually those guys get pretty jacked and angry. You have to, yeah. Yeah. Dude, you get pissed Or it lowers tee significantly. And you're like, yeah, she's gorgeous. There's two ways to go. You either get jacked and get a gun and go, I'll kill anyone that fucker. Or you go, isn't she beautiful? She's dating the hottest guy. Yeah. I mean, She's dating the quarterback. Isn't that awesome? Yeah. That's more mid daughter behavior. If you have a babe daughter, you gotta go way higher. You gotta get jacked. You gotta get a divorce and get jacked. Yes. Right away. Divorce right away you say, babe, I don't have a problem with you, but our daughter's just way too hot. We gotta, our daughter's too hot.


We gotta split up. I gotta fucking focus on myself. I gotta get, I gotta get tan now I gotta prepare myself to sexually assaulted 21-year-old man if I have to. Did you CrossFit, like, for Real? Just a bulldog. A kid in his apartment. Like post-college. Off campus. Yeah. Did you watch White Lotes last night? No. No. No. Don't spoil it. Don't spoil it. I didn't get to see it last night. It's a nice story of a guy getting bulldog. Really gonna hold it. Yeah. Dude, it's so funny. My brother Tom was telling me that he thinks, and I, I, I haven't seen it, So I can't comment on it, but he was like, Tom got hit with the Ultimate Taboo last night. Did he get hit finally? There was a big taboo last night. He was, Tom said, it's the ultimate sex addicts share.


He was like saying like, come into the meeting. Oh, that's the one. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. I, I can't wait to see. That's the guy getting Bulldogged. Really? Sam Rockwell. Which one's? Sam Rockwell. Oh, I know what You're talking about. He's a man. No. Yeah, he, he makes an appearance. Don't Spoilers. He makes an appearance just to talk about getting bulldog. No, I spoiled it. No, he Literally just cameos just to be like, I've been getting Bulldog. No. What the fuck is this? Hold on. Yeah, man. Fuck. I forget how he words it too. He does use a funny word like that. Really? It's not bulldog, but he, he is like getting piped down or something. Something, something crazy.


Well, that's, was this a Force BullDoggin or like a consensual Bulldog? No, it's a consensual dog. Okay. Fuck it. I'll just tell you, there's No fucking consensual BullDoggin, dude. It's not a real thing if it's consensual. Ain't BullDoggin truth. It's not. I mean, you, you're consensual with the guy doing the BullDoggin. You have given him permission, But you aren't consenting to what drove you to get Bulldog. Is that, You know what I mean? Oh, so it was a consensual do. It was a consensual do. He was, I take that back. But he was, he was fighting demons. Oh, Dude. Thought one way to get rid of it was to get bulldog. If You want, feel better about yourself. Bull dog. If you ever wanna feel better about yourself sexually read, like, like sex addict, like anonymous, kind of like them reporting on like them falling to real sex addiction.


It's harrowing, dude. It's crazy. Just like the, just the shit they do to get All, I mean, dude, it's like, yeah, like, like s like imagine instead of the podcast, I was like, later babe. And I was just raw dogging prostitutes and like worried about H hiv v Man, I really wanna spoil this. There was a soft white, I'm spoil it. Fuck it. Don't spoil it. There was a soft white underbelly. I mean, you can, if you want. There's, it's just his story. It's, it's, it's not like in integral to the plot in any way. Yeah. I Don't care. He sits down and he is like, they're like, where have you been? He is like, oh, I found God. I'm sober now. And then he is like, I, I moved here to Thailand. He doesn't tell, say why something happened, a crime. And then he moves to Thailand and he's like, and you know me, I always, I gotta thing for Asian women. So I started, I was just buying women fucking 'em all day, every day.


Thou thousands of women. And then he is like, and then finally I started to realize maybe I, you know, they complete my other half. Maybe I should feel what it's like to be them. So I started, you know, dressing up a little, Dressing up a little, dressing Up, trying on some costumes, getting plugged. Then all of a sudden he's hiring guys to plug him. He's getting plugged while he be hires an Asian prostitute to sit and watch. And he would fucking stare at her in the eyes while Just was he trying to get his pipe game better? Because he wanted to understand what, what it was like. He, yeah, he wanted to feel what it was like. And he was Gibson. He said he was hiring guys that looked like him so he could dress like a woman and feel like what it's like to fuck him Size wise too.


Didn't talk size. Did not talk size. I mean, If he was going facial appearance, he was probably checking size. But I would imagine if you're willing to fuck a guy in the above for money, you have a huge don. I have a small penis and I would never do something like that. So That's True. That's why, you know, we have beautiful statues of us and anti Yes. Antiquity. Of course. We were just sitting there like charting the stars, being Like, you're freaky ass. What? Yeah, we were charting the stars, dude. We were too busy. I was charting the stars last night. Were you really Going Out there? I was like, God damn. Moon's Big. You can see a lot of planets too. You can see a lot of planets out there. I was just, we, we have the app. We have, I mean, obviously dude. Yeah, we have the app. Did you look at the stars last night or were you just fucking freaking No, I was inside all day, all night.


I went out to walk the dog. That was it. Really? Yeah. The stars were good last night. Was it a special start day? It was a special start day. You get a ride. Yeah, you get a ride. Really? S the Dumbest thing I've ever been Say. What the fuck you talking about? This is a special star. Well, I don't know, like, Like there there was a lunar thenar Clipse a couple days ago. Yeah. So I didn't know if it like A Yeah. Big lunar eclipse. I missed it. I was driving home from motherfucking Dallas. I didn't know there was a lunar eclipse. Yeah. It was at like 2 30, 2 34 to be exact. Thursday night. That's, It was like a lunar clips and a blood moon. Right? Like a red blood Moon or something. Well, there was a blood sun due to the fire, due to the fires. Oh, I didn't see the blood sun. You didn't see that There was a red blood, blood red sun. Oh, nice. Because they had, it was, yeah, I was in here this weekend.


Yeah, because they had fires in like Douglasville or whatever, somewhere out f there. Fredericks. Yeah. Frederick. Yeah. I keep it on Douglasville. Fredericksburg. Rederick Douglas. It was in the new $20 bills bill. And, and yeah, dude, they fought. It was crazy. It was a blood red sign. I know. I heard about it. I was afraid I wasn't gonna be able to fly in. Oh yeah. If you do all the smoke. Yeah. Yeah. It was fun. Cheer the pilots was going.


This episode is brought to you by Max. Welcome to your new American dream. Go inside the lives of the original influencers and now global sports and entertainment superstars. Jake and Logan Paul as they launched their latest venture, a new family reality series. Paul American on Max. Oh yeah. See behind the curtain of fame and into the Paul's high octane lives. High octane lives with a up and close, up close and personal. Look at Logan and Jake, their partners and their parents. I wanna Get a good look at their partners and parents. So do I. Yep. Dude, Shane, lover or hate you won't be able to look away Stream. Paul American. March 27th, exclusively on Max.


Yeah. Fuck you in Here. I gotta fly on fucking Wednesday. Where you headed? Royal Oaks, Michigan. Nice. Yeah. Just added a early show by the way to Thursday. Please fill it up. But the, but yeah, the, yeah, that'll be sick. My whole family, now that I know, if you land on water, your plane explodes. Man, that Yeah. I couldn't believe you said That. I was so confident being like, we're over the water. We'll just fucking glide down. Yeah, you were like that. Nuh. And I was like, Like, bro, our planes gonna, first off, it's gonna be, I was like, you're so shattered on my head. I was like, you're so fucking negative about, I looked at, I was like, God damnit. No, our plane's definitely gonna explode. And it Yeah. Even if it did land it, it'll sink. It's like A car. It literally, they were, they were like, if it, if your plane doesn't break into pieces on water, that's like, that's literally the miracle of hustle.


It's miracle. Yeah. You're like, a wheel grabs the water and the whole thing just like stops. Get it. Damn. That mother motherfucker. Yeah. That was That. It Was surprising. I've been over bodies of water being like, we're safe. Yeah. I mean, I'm sorry to take that away. I mean, we, I'm sorry. I Yeah, So you really need a runway. Pretty much. You need a runway. Yeah. You know, maybe a flat plane. Yeah. If there's like a hill, you're fucked. Yeah, exactly. There's a speed bump. You're getting lost. Although The ramp though, if you like landed and then you got the ramp, the air would be sick. The air you would catch would be kind of worth it. You would catch some nice air. You would catch some crazy air. You would go just for one second. He'd be Like, take off my mask.


You go see that fucking Someone was saying if the masks are just to get you high off the oxygen. If that's the case, let's break something else out. Heroin. Yeah. So anything Drop down the Heroin dude. Nitrous at least. Yeah. Like, come on now. That's fucking bull dude. To be like, oh yeah, we're giving you like a boardwalk oxygen bar. Yeah. That's actually a good point. They should, there should be a second mask. 'cause sometimes they just drop the mask out of like depressurized. Oh yeah. Yeah. You need to. But they should give you a little anesthesia. Exactly. You know what I mean? Just like, here, something count to 10. Yeah. I would, I would anesthesia in my family and I, I would definitely just in case the one of the pilots pass out, I need Yeah. It's very swastika of you. SWAs.


Very bels of you. How many anesthesia my kids? And play this thing out, Dude. Yeah. He's his shit now is, I mean, I, I can't even, he is dying on the craziest hill Being an oie. Yeah. Yeah. Well, not even, he's a Klansman too now. Oh, I saw that. Wait, is he, he wears Klan robes. Dude, The funniest thing was he loves, did he, him saying, I'm a Klansman now. There were comments from black people that were like, All right, now I'm done. Like, where were you on the fucking Nazi shit? Like you Finally, you've gone too far. I was dying. 'cause ever since you said that he's gone several steps beyond.


And I keep seeing that comment now. Now I keep laughing being like, All right, that's enough. No, I'm done. Wait, you Think he's doing a big, I think he's just fucking Around. Obviously. He's doing a bit. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, for a while didn't realize I'm starting to, I mean, yeah, he is taking the most hateable things to me. Like he's now being like the, the audition is my favorite. Where he was, did you see the new audition for No Vultures or whatever, where he wants to do like a live course. I, I guess not like his Sunday service. I, it could be a Sunday service, I don't know. But it's like he wants to do now a chorus of all black men. No white men. And you have to be at least the complexion of Diddy dark enough. You have to be at least as dark as, as Diddy as that exact Diddy's, his guess. No, that's his exact words.


You gotta be at least the complexion of Diddy. And you must be willing to shave your head and his volunteer And you have to wear swastika. But other than that, other Than that, he's gonna get so many volunteers. Oh, For sure. Yeah. It's in gonna be in Compton too. Oh Man. Or like this LA area. So Yeah, I'm looking be on the lookout for that. That's gonna be a bunch of shade. There Be, it's gonna be the funniest thing that's ever happened. Oh man. But yeah, man, his dude's iced out now. He's got the swastika ice fucking flooded on both sides too. If you can't flood the other side of SWAs. Wait, I have not seen flooded on both sides. He's got iced out SWAs.


There's No way. This is gonna be the coolest thing I've ever seen. I mean, that would be an heirloom. Finding A jeweler to do that had to be impossible. Hmm. You'd be surprised. Oh, true. True. A lot of them. Well, Now that's a bit of a, yeah. Yeah. Nevermind. I knew what I say. Yeah. I mean he's, it'll be interesting, man. This is just a phase. He's gonna be onto something else. Yeah. I mean, I actually don't know if he got it. Oh, yep, there it is. Oh man. Yep. Yeah, he was showing that thing off. Oh Shit.


Damn. I mean, here's the thing though. If you can't flood bo, if you can't flood both sides, It's not, it's Not. What are you even doing? Wait, so the other side is, is no diamonds? No. Hell yeah. It's all flooded out, bro. He was just saying, if anyone else can't flood the other side of their swastika diamond, their swastika diamond pendant, he was calling them a loser. He Said, what are you a fucking loser? Damn, Kyle. Yeah, he's flexing, man. He's got a new song. His new songs are out read. The lyrics are pretty, I mean, they're so funny. I haven't, yeah, I Haven't. Oh, his new raps are, they've Been tough to find. Oh, they're on Twitter. He's, oh, he's doing like vocal runs of like the lyrics. And it's like, again, he is a wordsmith, but it's just about him being a Nazi.


So funny. Well, he, oh, it's a Nazi album. Yeah. I mean, the cover of the album is a giant swastika as well. He's fond of them right now. Hitler's ghost is gonna be sad when he finds out. This is a bit Yeah, true. You know what I mean? Because right now he is probably got his hopes up. Oh, For sure. Yes. The one guy that would see that necklace and be like, who We Did it. Holy shit. That's sick. I knew history would look kindly on my ex. It was a Joke. He's doing it, man. And you know, that's the, I mean, it is a good experiment. Like what if we just let all the worst stuff out of the bag and, you know, maybe it'll prove that most people actually are pretty levelheaded and they'll just be like, oh fuck, this is weird.


But we feel confident this won't catch on. That's the thing. Yeah. I think people worry this is gonna catch on and people are gonna be like, hold on a second, actually. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, that's yeah. Pretty wild stuff. Yeah, kind. It doesn't get black people to start going around wearing SWAT stickers. That would be devastating. I feel like every, I don't know. I feel like black men do have a hall pass right now to be like, dude, I just, this is my favorite artist. I don't know. I was just trying it out too. Black men kind. Have a Nazi hall pass for the next, I think 2025 is all about the black male Nazi hall pass. All right. I won't say no, that's Fair prediction. It's a very reasonable prediction. We'd have to, I would hold, hold, I mean, on a second. What was that?


I almost bought one of the Kanye West Sean John shirts though. Oh, okay. Yeah. What was the Sean John shirts He made? Sean John shirts. Like for Diddy, He's La Mer. You as a, as a hill Dyer yourself. You gotta be just taking that. Is that what you're taking notes on right now? Kanye's Boob. Yeah. No, I'm, I haven't paid attention. I've been outta the loop. I didn't know about the full Nazi album. Oh yeah. Yeah. You're keeping it from it. I had no idea about the album. I had no idea About that. They might be hitting more of the white algos right now. Ah, a little harder right Now. Yeah. That makes sense. My algos Crazy, dude. I, I'm the least xenophobic guy in the world, and I get nothing.


I get nothing but just the craziest content. Yeah. And, you know, I watch it, but it's like, it's, it's, I watch it. It works. It's so hard to not watch. It works. I become hateful. It works really Well. It literally is. It is all hate. It's for real. Yeah. And it works. I mean, it, it just, it works. Is that it gets the most numbers every fight. 7 million views. And then I watched a really, like, it was like a genuinely touching video of like, it was like a bunch of like young black kids about to fight. And this old man came up Yeah. And gave him, did you see that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gave him the speech. Like, what are you doing? Blah, blah, blah. I checked the view count. It was like 200,000. And it was just a lady getting socked in the face. 7 million. I was like, dang. Yeah. Dang. No, that stuff works. It's like the lady who fucks a thousand guys in a day or whatever.


Yeah. That content works. It Kills, it makes you angry. I saw a clip of her sitting on the ground. They were like guys in football pads behind her, like a team. And she was like, I can't, are you guys ready to turn my tight end into a wide receiver? Yeah. They were like, yeah, we'll Fucking do it. I was just looking at it going, God Fuck. Maybe they'll rise the thousand men slut. Ladies, everyone's worried about Kanye and his Nazi army. What if those ladies rise? Mm. That's a problem. They're Putting together an army. They are. Dude, they could send those thousand men. They could. One of them's pregnant. One of the slots. One of the slots. What are fucking That was fake. It was fake. It was fake. Well, Well, wasn't she like raising awareness? That made no sense. She goes, using my platform to raise awareness for Yeah. Of pregnant ladies.


Oh, I'm a lady. Yeah. That's some bullshit. You shouldn't fake being pregnant. That's not right. I agree. It's a Classic move. Why was she faking? What a fucking psycho lady move To get clicks. She just posted a video with her with a fake she fucking thousand guys. Yeah. She had like a fake pregnant belly on and was like, I'm pregnant. And everyone was like, see, that's what you got, bitch. Fucking fucking dumb bitch. Blah blah. You report that trial on a fucking kill you bitch. You don't think she just got rid of the baby, I'm sure. Well, she would've showed that fast either. Yeah. I got trained. I'm fucking dumb ass. I should've known that. You never know when they filmed the original one. True. Or maybe months ago. Yeah. And perhaps before that thousand man gang bang. She was maybe up to some other lud acts before that. No, her, she's pure is the driven snow.


That's All will happen now. She would never, that's the world dude. In 2030, it'll just be Nazi men and thousand lady slut gang bangs. We're in for a rough future. But can they, they cannot coexist. You gotta pick a side. You either skinhead black Nazi or British thousand slut lady. There's no those. That's the next war. Those two cannot coexist. Ironic. Black Nazis versus Ironic black Nazis versus literal a hundred thousand gang bang Ladies. What? That's a weird arms race. 'cause then someone's gotta go, there's gotta be like a, like a, like a speed of sound kind of thing. Like someone's gonna hit the absolute limit. Or do you try to work it where like, like how, like if a th a thousand in a day, I'm still kinda like, I don't think it's too completion.


Or is a gay guy gonna step up and go, this is how guys do it. Yeah. This is Duke. Are we gonna Smash the record? I think they're doing that and they're just, they're not doing it for the clicks. They're doing it for, Hey, It's love of the game. But again, that's love of the game. Yeah. Where all my, where are my motherfucking sweet boys at, man? Let's fucking, let's fire this up. Sweet boys will get it going. We Can't have them crushing the record. Although that could be one of those things you ever see when like, you know, guys go like, this is the women's power lifting record and just crush it. Yeah. Women might, that might be their record. Man. I don't know if, I don't know if a dude could break a thousand guys in the, in the boat. That seems Like it would actually kill You in the butler.


Yeah. That's, yeah. I think you would actually die From what, a thousand guys from a scourge from God. A thousand Locust said right by Locus. Locus Get bulldog a thousand times. Yeah. They will get struck by lightning. Just explode. What The wrath of God come Everywhere. Yeah, man. These are, there's definitely very confusing times right now. True. I say how Patrick's Day. Yeah. Got my green shirt. Hell yeah. Yeah. My whole family, we got, we decked the decked the kids out today gave 'em the little like beads in their braids.


That's nice. Orange, white and orange. White and green. It was pretty sick. Yeah. We irish 'em out. It was pretty sick. I didn't realize that's why you were wearing that. I thought. I thought it was just a cool shirt. St. Patty's shirt. That is a really fucking sick shirt. Thank You. You gotta break out a celebratory claw. True. I got White Claw for St. Patty's. Oh no. I gotta stay off the booze. I went to a kegger yesterday. You did a kegger Yesterday? Yeah. I saw the group text. You guys were in shambles yesterday? Yeah. I, what happened? Well, I didn't do nothing but it yesterday. I rushed, Sometime me texted at like 4:00 PM I was like, I'm already fucked up. Oh yeah. I did the roast battle last night. Just your first show. Oh yeah. And I was drinking. I was having, Oh, okay.


Yeah. Did you get roasted or did you judge the Roast? No, I was judging. That's sick. Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty funny. I get anxiety thinking about those things. Yeah. Just being up on a roast battle. I've, it would just, just get demolished and be like, no, seriously, you're being a fucking dick right now. I'll fucking fight you right now. This is bullshit. Even judging to catch you one, like fuck you. Like you know what, Man? Yeah. Catch one from one of those guys. I never to do this. I didn't have to do this. Fuck you man. That actually hurt my feelings. I finally got to meet Alexis Fox. She was one of the judges. Who's that porn star? That was the lady who gave me the fleshlight. I finally got to meet her. Oh. All flashlight or her like specific, like her Specific Fleshlight.


Did You go up to her pussy? Felt grit? No. Wait, what'd you say? You go up to her and go Pussy felt grit. True. She broke you off A little sample. Huge. She's very nice. She was nice. She was so nice. That's a smart gal. Take the stress off the real one and be like, here, fucking mold it out. God. Stick around. Give it to the thousand La Mers. No, Say, what did you say? I was just laughing about la Me being one of those horses that they give fake pussies so they could Stu 'em out. They stu 'em out for Breeding horses More.


La MAs stu 'em out. I Know. That's, that could be the only thing. We have to fight against the Nazis and slots in the future. Clone army of LA Mayors. True. The clone, Clone Army To discuss. Now that means they would, that nation would be captured by the sluts instantly. That's What say To sluts. They would be surfs in the TI love this. I love this side of LA Me. No, no way. Dude. You guys would be s But It be Met. It'd be, should be Simpson Sylvania, dude. No Way. Dude. Sims burg. We conquered immediately. I'm No S sim. I'm no simp. You're A simp. The Slut army would devastate you guys. Dang. Lady's fake vagina.


And we met her and we're excited to meet her. If there's a CL in Army, I'm going to take out all the slut liking parts. We're gonna be like just pure. Oh, you're saying we're gonna breed that part out of you. Bring mcc. Gotta It out. How that's your core. Did you ever see Inside out? That's your, that's like the core marble. Yeah. That's like the core memory. Horst guy alive. No way. You've gotta be No, Nate's a horniest guy. He's to pull We Joe. True. He's royalty. No, he actually is. Right. You one I was sitting here quiet like Yes. That's fair. Deflect Dan the clone. Nate would attack the clone in the mayors champ.


They weren't trying to save the sluts. You'd have to watch out though. You'd have, I'd be talking to the Nazi bros. Like they're giving pussy out over there, man. Fucking chill out. Let 'em do their thing. Yeah. True. Although the, the, the black skinhead Nazis would have some pussy going on. You know, They would be strictly stolen. You guys, your queen would be, you guys would answer to your queen. The naked lady who's, who's Kanye, his naked wife. Oh, sword. Putting fucking saran wrap and marched around Venice every 10 minutes. Fucking crazy. That's probably my favorite thing he's doing right now. Not probably a hundred Percent. That's just one of his side. Yeah. That's like a, I mean that's his, that of his side Projects.


Think they broke up. Don't believe the tabloids. I think, I think that's a rumor. They tricked me a couple times saying they broke. Did they actually break up? I'm not sure. I think it's a rumor. I think they're still together and half, I just remember seeing it like a clip of Bill Maher talking about it and being like, they broke up and the crowd being like, woo. I know. That's the funniest thing to like hear. Nice. She's mind control. Being mind controlled. Or she's a slut. Oh, hey, that's a man's wife, man. A hot wife. I should, I meant to say. Or she's a hot wife. That's even worse then. He's a cook. I mean, but isn't that, that's hot wifeing though. When you go around. I think that's actually Part you hot wife to get a bull. Yeah. To get a bulldozer. Get an okay. Rather bulldozer. Yeah. You're fucking bulldozer trolling.


What have you found with your research? So it turns out they are having marriage troubles right now. What? With Dian and Kanye. But he was, what the hell? He was spotted yesterday with a woman who looks exactly like her, but is not her. He might have the clone. He might have the clone army. He does actually have the clone arm. But she doesn't look exactly like this is just the tabloid. Is it just she has giant tits and Yeah. She's just a pretty lady with Well, there's a lot of enhanced ladies too. A lot of ladies are gonna start. We're gonna have like a lady singularity. 'cause they're starting to all look the same. Yeah. Huh. Bianca? No. That's what's nice about her. Those are giant. Na, She's naty. She's not enhanced. No, she's, she's pure Naty. She's blessed by the lord. Who? Bianca Sensori. I don't what is that the current Lady?


She, yeah. That's Tanya's wife. Current wife. My bad. No, that's in my mind. Everyone knows her. I did know her. Didn't she just have a movie come out too? I don't think so. They did like a movie in Japan that was called like Bianca About her. Yeah. I swear to God. She started a movie in Japan. I I, I could see her being worshiped in Japan. For sure. For sure. S a women. That's true. I mean, that's that, huh? That's true. Yeah. She's at a movie. Started in Japan. You tapped in, bro. I fully, this is what we're doing in that office. I take a break. I just go on, take a Break, put phone down, bro. I, it's on x on my computer. I take a break from writing and I just go, I go into X and I go, whoa.


Shit. Holy fuck. It's happening. God. She's got a fucking movie on, on fucking in Japan Body. Really? That's pretty nice. That's Pretty cool. It's about the female body. That's surprising. I thought she was gonna branch out and Oh, nope. She stuck to the bold bread and butter. We're coming up with a movie. It's about tits. Who did you get? Damn Well. Yeah. What is the movie all about? I might fly to Japan and I might go to the premier. He says wear the exact same outfit as her. I might dress up a little bit. Yeah. I might dress up. Fashion focused movie censored around Kanye and sensor's relationship exploring the female body.


Hmm. It's fashion focused. The Fashion focused. Kanye produced it. It could be the next summer block. That's the, this was the thing I was worried about. I believe it's An Italian Movie if he comes out with a Yeah, that kinda show. He's also banned from Italy, I think from getting head on a boat buddy. Oh yeah. He's hit on a boat. He was on the dong in. Well the real, he had plumbers crack. He was getting head, he had plumbers crack getting head on a boat in Italy. Apparently Italy was like, you're not allowed to Back in. I can't believe Italy's against this. That's what I'm saying, dude. That's like nothing for Italy. I would assume. That's all Venice is like, That's what It's about. You have a kid with a stick pushing you around. You have your like half your ass out getting on a murky fucking shitty river.


My own. Yeah. This is a, I worry he's gonna come out with a absolute summer banger though. And everyone's gonna be god damn. It's so good. That's, that would be nice. Yeah, It would be sick. Yeah. That'd be fun. But that's gonna, that could charge things up if people are saying, you know, people like, if the lyric, if a song's good, people are gonna rap it. So if there's like clubs full of people all summer be like, yeah, I'm a motherfucking Nazi. Yeah, yeah. You know, that that could be a, that could be a problematic. That could be. And you're right. That, that, that is possible. Yeah. If I was like Jewish in the, if anyone can do it. Got that turned up, The guy declare we got too fired up.


I'm in there. Like, fuck. Yeah. True. That could be a problem. Yeah. But yeah, I, I think we're safe from that though. I don't think, I don't think the Nazi stuff's gonna catch on like, culturally. Like people worry, people really worry about that. It's like, nah, it started Too late Now. What do you mean? Like, hasn't it already caught on? Nah, I mean, catch on bro. I mean It's no you mean like in Germany? Like, It it is, it is not like catching on like Germany, but it's building some steam, dude. That's what I'm saying. It's, it's maybe But you're talking about a frac, like a small percentage of people that already, there were already people banging Like that. Yeah, they just started tweeting About it.


But if it main, if a fucking hit, undeniably hit catchy song hits the mainstream, then it's a problem That can, but it, it's like, I don't know. Will people just fucking sing the song? Yeah. Because people listen to. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. 'cause it's like gang, you know, if you think about like gangster rap, does that have like a weird subconscious sway on like people's behaviors? I would say definitely. So maybe now I'm sounding like a boy guy. I agree. No, I agree. I'm an old violent music. It makes you do violent things. That's his whole point. He is like, if we can talk about killing each other in songs, why can't I talk about being a Nazi?


I hear you. But either way, let's, let's get out switching gears, by the way, you guys can't see my band. I don't want you guys to see this. I'm, it's Fucking, I mean, real badass. Matt tried to take his own life For real. Matt got sad for real. Dude, Guy water. Dude. A five gallon glass water jug got me. I should known how the fuck it's five gallon jug thing's. Huge. I know. It's fucking massive. What, where Was that? Outside in my driveway. I got delivered and I was like, or not my, like my little thing near my garage. But I What Were you doing with it? I store 'em, I store water, bro. I, I always keep, I try to keep like 30 gals on me at all times. Why? Dude, remember when Philly, were you in Philly? I know you were in New York. Philly had like, chemicals spill into the river. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


And then I started, I started getting 'em there. Then I kind of liked the five gallon glass jugs. So I just kept getting 'em delivered to my new house. And they were outside and there was just a fucking, there was a hole in because I saw water. I'm like, what the fuck? And then I saw a hole in one of them. I don't know if they got like, slammed down and popped. Yeah. Maybe somebody, a lawnmower shot. I don't know what happened, but there's a hole. And I'm like, that's weird. So I went to pick it up and the, it just, it was already cracked. I couldn't see it. So when I picked it up, the weight of it just came down and fucking, oh fuck. Yeah. Dashed me up right before this. I just dressed my wound and fucking apologies. How did this morning, just now? Like before I left? Yeah. It Was late to the pot. Right. It Was bleeding. That's why I wrapped it so aggressively. 'cause it wouldn't stop bleeding. So I just wrapped it up and I was always let you know Jesus time do its thing. And also nicotine constricts the blood vessels.


So I had, I had to do that. Yeah, of course I had to constrict my fucking blood vessels. I've been pretty disciplined on those things. And they're, they've been starting to fucking overcome. They started breaking out. Yep. That's how it goes. So I'm no caffeine for lit as much. And honestly, dude, I think nicotine greater than caffeine. I would say caffeine rules. But like nicotine, No nicotine's really addictive. Yes. Caffeine. I can, I can accidentally go a couple days without drinking coffee. See, I couldn't, now I can, now I go something better. I'm a crack head. Yeah. If I go, Oh fuck, I only have one left. I have to drive. I have to leave right now to go buy more. You know what? Or Flip every fucking pillow in this.


I was wonder Wondering where it holds in. I was like thinking I was pretty immune to it. I'm like, no, just using, when I'm writing, it's a good, you know, cognitive enhancer. Then like, I wouldn't have for the weekends. I wouldn't be writing, So I wouldn't been taking 'em. And I'd be like, man, I'm just really tired. I have no energy trying Really Irritable right now. I'm like, must have some sort of bug. I'm like, oh, was fucking nicotine withdrawal. Yeah. God Dammit. For sure. But no, I, I'm, I'm, I stay disciplined. I am still, I've been doing one I day One three or one six. Huh? One three or 1 6 3. I'm a three milligram weirdo for sure. Nice. The mints are strong though. They, They, they, They were stronger than the six milligrams inn. Really? Yeah. Like, just As far as like, 'cause you just Yeah. You're just paused. Just swallowing. True.


True. Thank You for that little spicy s The spicy. You Swallow a spicy dude. I had a, Oh man. Don't stop taking notes. Yeah, true man. What did, what, what's, take me back to the last time, Sam. I was a stenographer. It says nicotine. Okay, sir. How'd you spell it? N-I-C-O-T-I-M-E. Very good. Dang. I was hoping there was a K in there. Dude. I, I think I might've outed myself as an absolute psycho to my neighbor yesterday. Walked outside. I didn't think I usually pretty good though. The morning nobody's out back. And I let my dogs out and we have a little Frisbee outside. Like I'll throw to Matilda every now and then the morning and like, if I'm in a rush, but she doesn't get the Frisbee.


But she'll like, she'll like hit it and be like, and I was like, dude, you're not getting a Frisbee. I was like, go pee. I was in like a rush. I was like, go pee. I didn't, my neighbor's on the other side of the fence. I was like, Matilda, go pee or I'll fucking kill you. And then I see her. Oh. I was like, oh, hey. How? I was just joking around. Oh, All Right. I prob I don't really know what I said, so it might've been even worse. I, I just say the worst shit. Like whenever she doesn't listen, I'll be like, for real? I'm like, like I'll cut your fucking head off. Like I'll just say, then it start of the day and the end of the night. That's the last thing I do before I go to bed. And I let 'em in. If they don't listen, I'm like, you motherfuckers get in here. I swear to fucking God. The lady heard. I don't know what I said, but she heard me say it just went, oh, How is she an older lady or?


Yeah, A little bit. Yeah. Oh. I was like, oh hey, how you guys doing over there? And I was like, fuck, what did I just say? Did you try to clean it up? Like, oh, I was just playing with him. I talk to him like that. Not even, I just let it ride. Yeah. I just let it ride. But yeah, other than that though, dude, my backyard's been popping, dude. The guard. Gardening might be my favorite thing ever. That's very nice. You got animals in there still? Nope. I put a cayenne So I, I tried the red pepper flakes. Keep out the mice, but they're flakes. You gotta get pepper powder. My brother Kevin was telling me to get cayenne pepper powder and I dumped like I ordered like a pound of cayenne pepper powder and just dumped it. Where the, I fuck. I fucked them up. Yeah, it's Where they live. Hold on one second. Yeah, pause.


This episode is brought to you by PrizePicks. Oh yeah. We're in the second half of the basketball season and the race to the playoffs is heating up on PrizePicks. The best place to cash in on your favorite sports. This is what we're thinking for picks this week. I mean, Shane, I'm looking at the basketball board and selecting, I don't know, maybe Jason Tatum for more than 25 points. I like that. I was thinking more like Julius Randall for more than eight rebounds. Hmm. Anthony Edwards More than 25 points. I like that Dad. I like that a lot. I've never thought about Jalen Brown and doing a fantasy sports action on more than four assists. Yeah, I have. It's fun. It's Awesome. Matt. Get in the game. Well, ready to make some picks of your own. Oh yeah. Check out PrizePicks. I've been using these guys for a while now and I'll tell you what, the app is really easy to use to create a lineup. All you have to do is pick more or less on a few player stats for your shot to win up to 1000 times your money. It's crazy. PrizePicks Right now, 1000 times. I mean, what are we doing dude? Download the app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game. I mean, that's what it's all about. I love PrizePicks and fuck March Madness. I'm focused on the NBA. True that. You know what I mean? True. That now that the 70, now that my sweet 76 ERs have tanked, I wouldn't mind placing some more or less picks. Now Your emotions are out of it. You can just, my emotions are gone. Try went up a thousand times seven. Sixers are playing Less. Less. Yeah. Less, Less, Less. Just on some of your favorite stat projections. Some of my favorite stat projections? Yes. More or less. More or less Thousand times. Dude, Conor McDavid. More than more goals. There we go. A lot of people go, whoa, that's crazy. Bang. Just like that 1000 times more. You've won literally a billion dollars Now you're a billionaire. Yeah. Thank You. Thousand millions is a billion. That's all. Thousand millions is a building. That's All I'm saying, man Is a building. PrizePicks run your game. You're Mad at Elon. Maybe picks million dollars if you a billionaire, you can fucking Take them down. Picks million dollars on Connor. McDavid don't picks. Just Fuck Whatever.


And we're back. The cayenne pepper in the garden. Oh, Thank You. The yeah, dude, I, so I've been at war with the mice. I got the what? What works for birds? 'cause birds were fucking me up too. You gotta get shit in your garden that moves. So I have like in one of those owls, those like fake owls and it's head swivels. I have wind chime scares them. And I also have like a little spinny thing that they detect, like motion that it freaks 'em out. But mice don't really give a fuck. So you gotta give them like, you just gotta spray. You just gotta sprinkle the spices around for them because they step in that cayenne powder. They have like strong senses of smell Apparently. Oh, they don't like It. That dude where they like live. I just a whole fucking, just a big bag of ca powders. Just fucking 'em up. Fucked Them up. Yeah. Not killing 'em. Radishes. Huh? Not killing 'em. Just making 'em uncomfortable.


I Just making uncomfortable. They smell it. They're like, nah, I'm good on that. Yeah. Wait, are you done doing the those ba, the bacon powder? Dude? Apparently I made an ass to myself. They can, I thought like rest. You were close. I was close, yeah. But I don't like, I, I don't know. I haven't, I haven't seen 'em after that though, I will say. And then some time passed and I saw one and dude, I got too many radishes to lose right now, dude. Somewhere. It turns out that's the only thing I can grow. I'm just a shitty raddish farmer. Sound playing animal crossing farmer. I'm gonna Pickle. Do you get to eat any of the radishes yet? Not Yet. I got like, they'll be, I think in a month they'll be fully grown. I got a lot. I'll drop some off to you. Please. I got some radishes and I'm growing flowers right now too. That's Very nice. Very nice kind of flowers. I don't even know what they're called. They're just big. I just picked the craziest looking flowers.


Yeah, I'm starting to see what it takes. So they're thriving. My flowers are thriving. My leeks are thriving. What a perfect time to plant those too. I, exactly, yeah. I got it right in time. And then I have, this'll be, it's a year out, but I have blackberries, raspberries, and just blackberries. Raspberries and like golden raspberries. I don't know. I've never heard of Those. Damn, it takes a year to grow those. It's a, it is just a RAs, it's called a cane. So it's just a raspberry stalk. So it takes a year to bear fruit. I always wondered why people got so mad at an animal feeding in their garden. Bro, that pissed me the fuck off. I've been waiting a year for one fucking basket of raspberries. That's what I'm saying. Some piece of shit possum. My carrot. I had carrot. I have a couple carrots going. Your carrots are like, oh fuck it. I'm gonna eat a carrot from my garden. Come back one day.


The greens are gone and they're all fucked up. And it's like, it's truly, it's kind of nice. I will say it does teach you patience. 'cause like every day it's like a another thing to check and go. Ooh. You see a little bit of progress. And then if I'm like rushing out the door, if I'm in like rush mode and I'm like, damn, I didn't water my garden yet. If I'm like, if I'm rushing to where I don't water my garden, I know I'm, I have a fucked up mentality and I gotta switch back. I gotta go Zini keeps you zini. 'cause you gotta go, dude. I gotta stay kind of somehow connected to this Zini. Are you staying Zenni? I broke my Zen fest a couple times this week. Yeah. What happened? Zini. Oh, Just responded to people for once. True, true, true. Hell yeah. No, you're just defending yourself like I'm asking. I've been pretty zen. You're zen out.


You've Zen Dini. That's Gigi. The kegger was zen. Was it zen out? Actually, no. I was kind of a piece of shit. It's Pretty zenni to admit that though. Yeah, He is very quick to admit when he is being a piece of shit the next day. I mean, Dude. Yeah, that's true. Amazing too. Everyone's finding out that you were right all along. Everyone. I'm showing Radus. That is true. I might I give though. It might've been the easiest production of all time. Yeah, that is true. Charles Hamus. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm back on my zen tip. I was off it for a while. Our day will come, caffeine will put me, I I'm not zini when I'm on daily caffeine. Really? Oh my God. No. Do you get grumpy?


I get gr. Yeah, it's grumpy and it's like re I just have my fuse is so fucking short. Like usually I'll notice things and I'll be like, okay, well you shouldn't have done that. If I'm on the caffeine, I just Fly. And wife and kids will do that too. You as well. I know, but I'm saying for sure they catch the wrath. You were saying I And Dini or spas you Like? I think they do both. Yeah. They'll spazz you. They Will. But when you, when I crush the coffee and then like the mornings like euphoric, I have energy when it starts to dip. And I'm just like, yeah. Like have that shitty caffeine overdose feeling. It's just anything that happens. I'm like, guys, fucking know that. I don't, I saw you hang up on somebody 'cause food was coming. Can I Bring that up for you? That was my wife. Yes.


Absolutely was great. That was a good, That was a great story. Yeah. You were, I don't know if you, you were, you were the fo when food was coming And you were coffeed up, you started seeing the food. You were like, I, I, I, I can't fucking do, like you just grabbed that Dude. I was telling all weekend. I'm like, my favorite thing is like, I chill during the week and or during the weekend. And then this Sunday I drink. I drinks like as much coffee as my body can handle. The point where I'm like, what? I get so jacked up on caffeine on Sunday. Well, what, like two, Two cups for me? I'm full. Yeah. That's what I, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, dude. And it was selfer. So I'm like talking eighths ear off. It's like my second cup of coffee. I'm like, and then Brittany called me. I'm like, I'm having a conversation with her and our food comes out. I don't even remember what I said to her. I was like, I can't do this right now. And I just hung up on, because like the waitress waiter was Sure that was met.


Well, oh dude, sure. That was handled real Well. I didn't realize I did it until I'm like eating. I'm like, still like, so anyway, Nate and I stopped and I was like, oh shit. I think I just hung up on Brittany in like a total coffee spa. I, I did, I apologize real quick. I was like, you know, I don't even know what happened. Hang up on anyone fucking, Fucking, and she was just asking me normal shit. And I was like, I can't talk right now. I don't know what the fuck this is. My brother, you always keep me on the phone is like hung up. Just fucking dickhead her on the phone. Yeah. Totally uncalled for. And I did apologize. I was like, yeah, my man. And she and she had been like, Although was she driving? She wasn't even enslaving me. Okay. She wasn't time enslaving me. She was just asking me like, I was flying home that day. It was like a very normal question.


Rather than being like, oh, hey, our food's coming out. Lemme call you back. I was just like, I don't know. And I just like, dunno. I just purely short Circuiting just two cups of Joe. Oh yeah. Dude, I get rock. That's fucking nuts. Mom. One of Joe fast before then Though. Oh yeah. I do. What? You know Joe fast first and then DOD on The Joe. That's what I do, bro. Come Easter, dude. I do. You have died when I OD'ed on the Joe. You what? I fucking Like nine cold brews at that Panera. Dude. Shane. One cold brew. I swear to God I'm I one cold brew. I'm high. Like it's a drug. Like I'm talking to people and it's just like, they feel like they're very far away from me. It's weird. We gotta get you some Adderall. I I told you I can't have that. We Gotta get you just one day.


Just come on. It's for an experiment, Dude. I am. It's Push the limit of my bodies, Bro. That's when I got kicked outta the Beastie Boys concert. It was Adderall. I, I jumped down to. But You were also a young man. You're not Gonna act a fool like that now. Dude. Something happens to me on Adderall where I lock in on things and it's just like, yes. And I just, Here's my plan. We get you some Adderall. Yeah. We take you to blazer tag. Oh. Let you scream and spazz in there. I Mean, that would be awesome. Exactly. You'd be so locked in. I would. I That's my problem. That'd Be awesome. I get squeeze You right. Jump there though. You might try to get down a level. That's my problem. Yeah. I got down a level at the concert, got kicked out and I, the one thing when I was like, Adderall, it causes you to catch air. It does.


And you might catch air at the blazer tag. The first fatality and the blazer tag. 'cause when I've, Adderall especially was always with drinking and like smoking weed. I would just get an idea and it's like, go. Yeah. There's no like, well, it's like, yes, let's get this. So I remember I saw, I was in like Westchester, I just saw like a 32 out. You Become Bees. The what? You become the bees. There was just these guys sitting down with like, you know, like girls on like the curb outside eating pizza, like a little college town in Westchester. And I just saw this big cup of soda from a block away and it was just like, I'm gonna kick that thing. And I was like, I'm definitely gonna kick that cup of soda. And I came up to it and sure enough I booted it. And the dude was like, what the fuck man? And I just like came up and was like, yo, my bad.


It was like just kept walking. I was like, I'm sorry I didn't, I didn't mean to That's your Mr. Hot. Huh? That's your Mr. Hot Adderall is my Mr. Hot, Dr. Matthew and Mr. B's Drinking on Adderall made so much sense in college. Dr. Matthew, Mr. It made so much sense in college. Like, I'm tired, but I wanna drink. They're like, bro, take Adderall. And I was like, yo, good call. And it would just be the worst situations ever. Yeah. It really isn't that good. I, I put down the Adderall. Yeah. The Adderall drink Combo. It doesn't, yeah. It doesn't really help. No, it's not necessary. I need it. Once my like critical thinking goes offline. I need to get out. I need to go to bed. Yeah. I do not need to be turbocharged. It Feels like a great idea to tailgate.


Yeah. Well, yeah. When you're a little tired, you're like, well, I deserve to have some fun. Yeah. But yeah, it ends up with pretty unsavory behavior on my behalf. Do You ever take Adderall? Yeah. Yeah. Only when I'm drinking for the most part. Yeah. And I kind of love it Day drinking on Adderall while you're doing it is wonderful. Yeah. It's probably the best. Or I like, I like night drinking when you're getting tired, But you don't want to end if you're in the middle of like a good night. I love night drinking. We had some good nights here. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Those are some great nights. But then day Drinking is, I think day drinking I love. But I love day drinking, but then it, it always ends bad. Yeah. So I've never really had too many day drinks that are, I was like, nice. I've had A couple where I end up in bed by like nine 30. That's, that's the best case scenario.


But Yeah, you're right. I did it in Boston and I just stayed up super late and woke up the next morning with the most Yeah. Vicious, like weed slash ang alcohol hang. It was not even weed. It was still high from edibles hung over in the morning and just like That combo stinks dude. Hungover and weed high. Man. You gotta do something. Yeah. And you're like trying to just crush water to sober up and it's doing nothing. It's making you sick. Yeah. I was, I was for, I, I had like frill from that night, slowed down on drinking. Incredibly. I fear it now. It was such a wretched state that I was like, for I frill thought I was like, I I'm, it was like, you know when you're high and you're like, I'm stuck like this. I thought I was like, I was like, dude, I think I broke my brain.


It Was a, yeah. It was being high with all that like alcohol hangover anxiety. Just flying home with my wife and just being like, Oh man. It was a rough one. You had to fly home. Oh yeah. I've, I've been obviously hung over and a little high on quite a few. And that's the worst, that's the worst combination. Yeah. Get home. And you, especially when you get home to your kids and you're like, fuck, Fuck. I'll let You, your father, your father made some poor decisions last night. There was four margaritas in the afternoon that were totally unnecessary. No, I'd like to see that. I'd like to be around you with four mugs. Let's, yeah. Let's get cranked. Dude, I'd like To see doubt. Oh shit. Yeah. I can't, I can't do it. No.


Let's, let's, let's Schedule a day. I got stay over this week. I got the UK this weekend. Once you, once the sketch chills, we'll schedule it. Just a cronk day. Yeah. Let's get totally cr I Got the fuck, I got my sketch today. This morning. I'm fucked. How's a sc fucked? Mom's Fucked forever. It doesn't fucking end Any room for a daytime pool party. Even like up, There's gonna be a couple daytime pool parties. My months fly. Yeah. My months fly. I'm fucked, Dude. So yeah, we'll do a daytime pool party. That is, man, that's fun. Ideal. Can I bring the butter dog? Yes. The butter dog. Had a nice day here. Yeah. Yeah. He did. He did. I got 9,000 pictures of my girlfriend and the butter dog. But dog. Yeah. How was your dog doing the Dog with the butt? He's the man. Really? He's the man. He's, he's perfect. Is he, is he a swimmer at all?


Mm, He's never gotten in the Worlds. That's good. Oh, would suck if he could swim better than you. I'm sure he can. Like if he gave it this shot, he, I'm sure he Can. That'd be crazy if he swam exactly like you. He Absolutely does. It's just his guarantee. That's how he swims His ass. His ass. His giant ass. I've never seen anything like it. Head and feet totally underwater. Just an ass floating. You're like an octopus. Everything's down. You just, Nate Lame. Will you guys shoot me straight on my idea of the Black Swim Club? I see you guys are so resistant. I don't want to be be the black guy that does it. You said you don't. Yeah, I figured. I figured that was the hang up. We were Getting good. We were getting good.


Yeah. I'm Getting very Good's killing it. I was teaching him how to swim all the last year. Problem is my problem is like, dude, you guys are running a podcast. Nate's swimming is the funniest. There's actually a swim instructor in Austin called The Swim Nazi. Well, you get a private lesson from the swim Nazi. They call Themselves the swim Nazi. They're they're called the Swim Nazi, but she just rolls with it. So she's like, I'm the swim Nazi. And she's, she's an excellent swim instructor. She'll scream at you. She taught my kid. Dude, my fucking five year-old can swim. Like swim For real. From the Nazi. She got Nazi training. She got swim Nazi training. I had La Mer out here all the time. La Me's good like Three days a week. We were in there and I was trying to teach him how to swim.


There's nothing you could do. You were training your Pokemon. I knew It guys, bro. I was holding him. I was like, All right dude, this is gonna be weird. I'm gonna hold you. He's a fucking Kick. La me's good in the pool, man. I Figured out he's not at all. He's horrendous in the pool. Me and Matt were in Dan at the pool. He was in the ocean was swimming. I was to go. You were in the ocean. We were. Yeah. Oh yeah. We were in the ocean. I didn't Tell you about that. Yeah, you did. But he, that's when he got a sharp point. There's no way he could be past. Yeah. It it was sandbar. It was, yeah. It was shallow stuff. Yeah. He can't, he literally cannot swim. I've seen him in the pool. I've seen him. That's a three foot pool. That's true. If you, if he takes his feet off the ground, he cannot swim. Oh No. Yeah, he swim. Oh. I've him like go in and glide a little bit. He can do that for about a second. But the, he has, and even then he forgets that he can just stand up.


So there'll be like a moment of like, you see him like panic under water. You man, you fucking stand up. True. You don't think the Black Swim Club will be empowering? I know people, Dude, people won't be laughing. They'll be like, this is good. People Are not gonna be laughing. Now we might film it and put it on the Patreon, but strictly to help other black listeners learn How to swim. Yeah. Like just conquer the stigma and the stereotype. This is Instructional. Yeah. I'm down. I'm trying to move on to Butterfly. You need to learn how to just regular swim. I can, I can do this pretty good. We can get in the pool. The pool's heated right now. We can get in there. I can do this. Good. I can get up and down from I've see, I've seen you. I remember going over. Hey la.


He's practicing. Nate. Nate, you gotta be Nate to just, just trademark that stroke. Nate's better than Laer Swimming. Let's see. I can swim a little bit. It's just my ass. Your ass rise. That's the funniest part. I think it's just my pot. I can't get straight. Yeah. You, you go to the other end for sure. I've seen you in action. It's just the, the ass coming up. I I don't know how It's not even a bathing suit bubble. It's just, it's just your ass. It is just your ass Breaches the surface. And it's Now though, now that you've developed full UNK body, your ass has flattened out a little. It still Comes out though. I don't know what it is. The buoyancy. It could be good for you. True. It's like the north and south pole as the belly grows. The ash rinks. It does. It's electromagnetics. Yeah.


It's the mfs. You're just being pulled forward. I Haven't driving a hybrid. That might be Actually the, you've been driving the hybrid. Yeah. The EMFs Might be killed. Be careful, dude. I saw these guys on Instagram saying you're probably only reduced 9% though. From the hybrid. Yeah, probably. That's not, that's good. That's Good. What's going on with you guys? Nothing, dude. Just gotta go to the UK this week. I know. And I'm bringing O'Connor and osa. I'm bringing two of the heartiest True Alcoholics. I know You bring, bring in some Yeah. Heavy artillery today. Yeah. It's gonna be really fucking Fun. Oh my God. It's gonna be the most one. Those old Pubs. I, I've never been to London, but the old pubs are very sick. It's the coolest thing ever.


Yeah. I I did like that in Australia being in like an ancient pub. It's like Dub like that. Dublin. Dublin's the, I love Dublin, So I know Manchester fucking rules. I bet. Yeah. Once, once my family gets old, once the kids get older, I do want to go to bring 'em all to Europe and go over there. It'd be Sick. That'd be awesome. Yeah. Ireland. If I've never been to Italy, I'd love to go to Italy. Yeah. I'd like to go to Rome. Yeah, you should. Oh fuck. I forgot. I don't have any time. Oh, I know. I was looking for a, a beach trip last night. I, I was, when when do you think we can do this? And they were like, never. And Then I was, and, and then I realized I'm kind of going week to week with my schedule. Like they showed you a a fucking, I Was like, can I get a full Recorded blackmail home video? And they're like, never motherfuckers.


They, yeah. Now you got a free schedule. Yeah. You did Black Swim Club and put it on the internet. The schedule's wide open until 2028. But you're empowering dude. It is empowering. I understand. Be Like, oh yeah, this is what you guys think with your stereotypes. Hit the water. Hit the water, boys. Wait till you see these two swim. Dude. If Obama chef had done the Black Swim club, he can be, he'd still be here to this day. He's fucking alive. The schedule though. My agent manager, I was texting 'em and I was like, can I just get like a breakdown of like, what the rest of the year's like, because I literally checked my own website to find out my dates.


Yeah. And they were like, yeah, sure. I was like, just kind of game plan this whole year. And they were like, ha ha game plan this whole year. And I was like, yeah, your fucking job. Yeah. What the fuck? It's your job to do that. Yeah. And they were like, oh, okay. You serious? And I was like, yeah, Fucking Tell me where I'm going. Oh, on Like a calendar kind of thing. Just like an email breakdown of like, Hmm. Month by month. 'cause there's holes in the schedule for touring, but it's the film shit. Ah, yeah. So then I'm like, what's this break? Maybe I can go to Florida with my friends that week. You Know, Like, you holding for something. Shit. Fuck Shit. Go to fake rehab.


Fuck. Fake rehab. Fake rehab. I told you I've been dreaming, I've been dreaming about rehab for two years Now. It's gonna be sick. It's gonna be Sick. It's gonna be so nice. Especially if you go to one of those super nice ones. Especially, I'm just going to chill. I'm not gonna stop for sure. I'm just going right back out. I'm gonna get fucking wrecked as soon as I get out. They should have that where it's just like a kind of a pit crew more. So That's what I Yeah, that's the dream pit crew. I was like, I just wanna go to a resort. It'd be nice if there, if it was like a dry resort and maybe like a healthy thing. Use Imagine Rehab fully. Just rehab. I just daydreamed rehab. It's gotta be Sick. I mean, light beer rehab is the saddest. That's literally weed. Re that's CBD Rehab.


Light Beer. Light beer. Rehab is CBD Rehab. You get caught in your room with a party helmet and straw. Dude. Yeah. They lived up a Concussion. That's my party helmet. No Five party Helmet. Dude. It'd just be me. Find cozies on like syringes. It'd be me and dad's. It'd be me and a bunch of 60-year-old men. And then they're like, oh fuck. It's April Baseball's on every dude in there going, oh, this is fucking light beer heaven. He's doing the most inflexible yoga ever. Yeah. Light beer. No, that's good though. Being a guy that can stretch it is fucking gay. I, I saw my dad do a split.


I'd be like, what the fuck? Check out this flexibility kids. You go, ew. Yeah. I, I always, anytime Watch baseball and drink a beer, you a weirdo. Anytime I've been told I've been inflexible, I've been like, yes. Yeah. I'm like, you're real tight there. I'm like, yeah dude. Yeah, of course. I am Like, no, that's like really bad. You gotta work on that. I'm like, yeah. Right. Yeah. Who gives a fuck It. So my, yeah. My hips are so bad. I've got some shoulder flexibility back's been nice. That's nice. Shoulders, shoulder flexibility. Straight as hell. That is Straight hips. You ever hear when they're like, you actually keep a lot of pent up emotions in your hips. Yes. Yeah. Dude, just keep 'em in there. Let's fucking Keep. Last thing I want to, the last thing I wanna be as emotional. Yeah. Especially from your hips.


That would suck if you unleash something from your hips and you're like, No, that really did hurt my feelings. Oh, I remember that party. Yeah. Girls gotta stop stretching. How about that? Yeah. How we fucking tighten their fucking hips and butts up. Two. Too flexible. That's a problem. They need to keep some of that shit in their fucking glutes, in their it bands. Yeah. It's time to store that back in there. Tighten them up. That'd be weird though, having like an inflexible lady. Like, we kind, if a lady went to lift her leg and was like, yeah. Jesus Christ. Yeah. That would be fucking sad. That'd be A bummer. Disgusting. That'd be Disgusting. Neither of us can flex. Yeah. We're just, We're just trying.


We're gonna do standing sex. Hold on, Let me get on top. Why? Yeah. Why always gotta be on the bottom. I might have to start dressing up to see how it feels. Maybe I'm them, you know? True. Maybe they complete me and I am them. So I need to dress like them and get fucked by a guy that looks like me. Just to see how it feels. It helps. White Lotus needs to stop. White Lotus is the best show. It needs to stop. It's so good. It's, it is doing too much. Do you think girls, girls probably don't like it if you're like wearing their clothes? Oh, oh yeah. If you Start putting their clothes, they'd love to have that on you. But I don't feel like, would they like that? Would that excite, would that excite them? So I think they'd pretend to but be mentally checked out with you. Yeah. They would go, Jesus fucking Christ.


Now I'm gonna Yeah, just go through your phone and look through all your friends and like, All right, which 1:00 AM I gonna switch to? Yeah. Yeah. Although didn't like a, I guess he was just doing it as like a party trick. That one boxer. Yeah. De La Hoya. De la Hoya did It. He he tossed on the fish nets. I thought he, I thought he, I think that Was the real deal. I think it was the real Deal. I think it was the real deal. That seems, that could be like a liquor and cocaine thing. I think it was a liquor and cocaine thing. But also, didn't He have like, professional pictures? Wasn't it like a No, it was definitely a hooker in a hotel room. Oh, Okay. He wanted, he just Wanted the fish. Fishnets boxing. Yeah. It was tough. You've done fishnets. No, I don't Put that on me. Don't put that on me. AI coming. Ai AI's AI people.


Nate Vision. Oh my god. French maid outfit wouldn't be bad either. I think he might've hit one of those as well. Did he? No. Yeah. I think De La Hoya was hitting the, I thought you were, is that LeBron one reel? I think it might LeBron and a French made outfit. I think he Did for like Halloween. He did it for Halloween. I think he, I think he did it for Halloween. Lemme see. Oh my God. What? For real. LeBron John. Switching gears. Have you seen that Michelle Obama has to new podcast? Does she? Yeah. Switching gears. What's her? It's with her brother. I thought it was Craig Robinson.


Switching gears. What's their pot about? Dude, I don't know. The left is scrambling to dominate the podcast space and they threw Michelle Obama and her brother at it. Huh? It, it doesn't get like you as many views as you think. Huh? I think about Michelle Obama. Damn. Getting home and, 'cause she knows that people say she's a man all the time. You think she ever like gets it really sad about it. Sorry about that. Yeah, dude, that's So hurtful. But his name is Craig Robinson. I know, that's what I'm saying. I thought it was her, the comedian. It's no, it's her brother. I Thought you were saying he just looked like him. No, it's Her, her brother Craig Robinson. With Michelle Obama and Craig Robinson. And it's her brother. It's Your brother. I thought it was the guy who plays piano looks Identical, bro.


What The fuck? Fuck. I know, I know. That could be the original Michelle and the, the and and that's bad. Trying to get the bag for him. I don't mean to start that rumor. I know, I know. Oh, trust me brother. I'm sure it's Already been Yeah, that rumor's out there the worst Thing you can do. That was the worst possible. But yeah, it's probably very hurtful just thinking about Her. It just being like, ah, Barack, they're saying I'm a man again on the internet. Yeah. That'd be sad. Having a Bad, although dude, people, to be fair, that's Probably you drone strike all those people. That's what I'm Saying. That's the least of it. I don't empathy, but Canice Owens was just thinking About that. That's kind of Funny.


Yeah, that does, Can, can is going on. Macrons still, bro, She's still ripping on the Macrons. I Haven't been keeping up with the, the right Wing. She seems confident. I watched her on Theo's podcast and she is like, ah, I mean, prove me wrong, dude. Yeah. And she's like, I have all the paperwork filled for all, like the basically being like I, she sent the Macrons a yes or no. I mean, which I get. She's like, they didn't even fill it out. I was like, well, I could see them being like, yeah, I'm not gonna fill out the am I a man questionnaire for the Candace Owen show just Passed forward from a kid sitting behind him in class. He's like, this is Candace. Are you a guy? Check yes or no. S like drawn up by, it's like a legally binding like yes or no questionnaire. Like, yo, just answer these questions and we'll fucking drop it.


Because they were, I think they were trying to sue being like, yo, stop calling my fucking wife a man. She's like, But you, in order for defamation. I think in Europe the defamation laws are a little different, where like, yeah, you have to be wrong. And in America it's flipped. It's like vice versa. It's like, well, prove me wrong then and I'll take it back. That's Right. So she's getting hit with some French I knew that from a Holocaust denying show. I watched. Really? Yeah. It was a But it was made, it was like a, it's not like I found it. I know. It was like a It was, yeah, it was, I think it was on HBO or something. Yeah. And they were like this, you know what I mean? This wasn't one of the I got You. Yeah. It wasn't the, it wasn't the Kyrie Irving type. It was just like straight. It was, this was legit. Yeah, it was, it was that, it was that case though. It was like the, it's it's flip flopped over there.


Where here it's like, prove me wrong. Got yeah. There. It's like you have to prove you were right. So then they brought a fucking Holocaust and iron put 'em on trial and he was like, boom. Oh no. Here's all the facts. Oh, no. But he did get debunked. He got debunked. He got bunked. Yeah. He got bulldog. He got bulldog in court in a court of a European court Of law in a European court of law with, yeah. Yeah. Man, that's, you can Stop there. We had an hour. Let's go to The Patreon. Yo Guys, I fucking love you as goodbye. We love You. Don't get my bandage in there as a fucking bitch.