
Oh yeah. Wow. Wow. Welcome to the show. And Here we are again. Here We are. Hey guys. How are you? I thought you guys just threw it a neutral real quick. Oh yeah. It's Got real dick ca real quick. That's How we quick it. Yeah. Yeah. We like to, you know, we'd like To bring Them down. We got a highbrow, real highbrow follower. Shit. I like it. So Yeah, we like our stuff. We're gonna talk about, we're gonna touch on a few topics today. We're gonna talk jacking off for about one hour. Okay. And that's it. That's the only topic. Hey, Foley's gonna go over his exercise regimen the next Half hour. Yeah. We can talk about exercising. Jack, Talk about crockpots. Crock Pott. Yeah. Speaking of, I need you to fire that thing up. Do you have I got the broth in the fridge. I was Thinking about your stew all last night. Yeah. I was like, I wonder if you put it on right now. No, I didn't.


I didn't. 'cause I brought Frosted. Gotta to the, yeah. Yeah. Are you cooking here? I'm well, yeah. I'm trying. Are you really? Yeah. Last night I had a Bowl of Meat. You got meat here? Sounds like A Homeless guy. A bowl of Bag of meat. I got a Bowl of Meat and bacon and eggs this morning. All right. All right. Some spinach in there. Well kill you. But the bowl of meat's good. What? Bowl Of Meat. What does that mean? What you Salt and Pepper. I mean a full, I take a ground beef. Hamburger meat. Yep. Then sprinkle some cheese on there. Put it in a bowl. Pour hot sauce on it. Texas chopped cheese. So good. Dude. That is good. That is good. I don't care what anyone says. That's Great. That's delicious.


It's my type of meal. I Love The whole thing. The whole pan. I mean, you, you leave some in there for a little and then you, you go, you know what, what am I, who am I kidding? I'm gonna finish that fucking pan right now. I love Ground beef. Yeah. I love the fact that all these fitness guys are now coming around on hamburger meat. Yeah. Like that's what it's all about. Yeah. Fitness guys like me. Yeah. All these, No, they're all those guys on the internet. They're like ground beef or grass fed. Organic ground beef is great for you. I knew that since the eighties. I've been a big, I've been a big ground beef guy. Pay it off. I'm telling Everybody If that's what happens, I would lay off it. Dude, lay it off. Big time. I, I really did always wonder why it was so much cheaper than the other meat. I'm like, it's just you're chewing it up anyway. Why does it matter if it's pre-ground?


Yeah. I don't know. I was big on that forever. Yeah. I'll get ground meat and be like, dude, nobody knows about this. It's, it's Grass fed grass Finish baby. Let's go. Oh Yeah. Grass fed hamburger helper. Oh, don't get me started. That was my move back in high school. Yeah, me too, bro. Come home from wrestling practice. My mom had a fucking wrestling practice. Hamburger helper stroking off, sitting on the table. Big glass of milk. Go to town. Yeah. I was a bagel bite guy. I wouldn't microwave like 24 bagel bites. That's the Outer rim was just cold. Yeah. And I would eat all of them and I would dip them in SpaghettiOs every day after school. Whoa. So f And watch Pokemon with my little brother. I used to love SpaghettiOs and a peanut butter and jelly with it. Yo. And I would dip the peanut butter and jelly in the SpaghettiOs.


Yo. How crazy did did You this A couple days ago? I Mean, did you fuck with the meatball SpaghettiOs or how did you Fuck I Did. We fucked with them. Yeah, we Liked it. They were pretty big Raw outta the can. It's very good. I just couldn't, when I was a kid, I couldn't do the beef eroni. Something about it creeped me out. I didn't like, like the thickness of the nudies. The nudies were a little slimy. Yeah. They're Too thick. I agree. It was too bucatini for me. I'm an angel hair man. Dude, When that shit hit the, when that angel hair hit the households in dirt bag households in the nineties, that was nineties. We thought we were fucking from Sicily. Thought We were the Medici or whatever. It's angel hair. You're like, what the Fuck? Funny family Eating fucking spaghetti.


I remember getting real mad at my mom after, like she busted out the angel hair once. Then she go to the regular spaghetti. I'd be like, why? Yeah. Yeah. What's So I do something wrong? Why don't, why aren't we getting angel Hair? Is angel hair more expensive? Somehow? It might've been when hit the scene. It was some reason extent. It was fancier. I don't Know why it was so much better. So much better. It's Crazy. A good bite. Angel hair was kind of sexual. It was For some reason it was. Maybe that's why the parents, it's for side Chicks. True. Especially at your house. I bet the boys went. Yeah. My mom would get the laundry basket that week and be like, get, get. Yeah. It's the angel hair. It was just like dumping rocks out of a dumpster. That's four of the Horst brothers. Just not stuff All in one bedroom. Yeah. Me and my brothers One bedroom.


Hor sexy. I Like hair. It is sexy Man. Little olive oil and garlic. You don't see it outta restaurants either. It's always bucatini. All this shit. We don't, you know, we're trying to get, It's all fettuccine. Which you brought it up that that's that's side piece shit. The fet fettuccine alfredo. If you're at the dinner with a girl and she orders the blackened chicken pasta, she's a whore. She's a fucking whore. This is based off one experience he's had when he was waiting table. He is like, this dude rolled in. This girl was such a whore. Or al chicken Alfredo. And then like that's my, what my mom eats. And now I can't look at her the same. I will say, Yeah. I'm like, I'm looking at my mom. I Like what the fuck Slut fettuccine Alfredo is. Slut slop. Yeah. It's for sure.


What's some other, what's some other slut? Slop? I think any kind of like pesto they fuck with. Nah. Really? What's the No, it's definitely fet. It's fettuccine or no, what's the other one? The cheese. Cheese filled noodles. Ravi Tollini Tor Tortellinis are for Yeah. Dumb bitches. Yeah. Just get the ravioli Ya skank. Yeah. I take back, take back pesto. Although that might be graduated. That might be elevated Slut Stuff. Elevated slut. Yeah. Once you get off ball slut. Yeah. I think Filet Mignon's kind of got that rap too with sluts. Some broad. Yeah. Some brattle think she knows what she's doing. She'll get a mignon and get it like medium. Well what'd you say? I guess I'm a slut. Oh, I'm always slut Sticking Alfredo and filet mignon. I'm always filet guys.


You need it. It's good for guys muscles And shit guys. It's cool. Okay. It's for hot dudes only. It's For hot dudes and giant sluts. They get that like a cranberry juice. Be like you fucking dirty bitch. Ew. Ew. You are on your pty fettuccine Alfredo Fla mignon and cranberry juice's. Kind of sick. That also sounds like you're on a date with a 16-year-old. Can we get a lid on this Please? Mac and cheese. It's not even at your table. It's Like you nasty little slut over there with your Parents mac and cheese in a Shirley Temple. Now you're speaking my language. Yeah, It's, Although this is how dirt, this is how much of a dirt bag I am.


I've never had the, the upgraded mac and cheese that touched the shit in the box. Yeah. Ever once in Philly. Cotton got a platter delivered. He's got the inside Connect. He in, he's got black. That's Black Mac dude. That's Dude. Black D Forget about It. Yeah. Black Mac's different. Dude. I Had a first class education on that shit. 'cause we did Cotton's bachelor party and I like went out and bought all this stuff. We did like a little blow grill barbecue. I must have bought about $400 worth of store-bought potato salad and it was all his boys from the neighborhood and nobody touched it, dude. And After That's potato after hour, I pulled one of them aside and I was like, I was like, Juan, how come no one's eating the fucking potato salad?


And he's like, black people don't fuck with store-bought potato salad. Yeah Man. They put, I swear to God, I think they put vibranium in their mac and cheese. It's, dude, I have to like take my wife aside. If we go somewhere like at my parents' house or something, they, they, they'll, it'll be like bleach blonde American cheese on noodles and like, I'll have to like take her outside to like be like, All right dude, you can like scream out here. She Gets, she gets fucked up. She's like, what is this? And I'm like, have her bunch of pillows. It's American cheese and milk on noodle Store. Store bought potato salad being like garlic to vampires to black people. Next time you go to an unruly neighborhood, have some and be like, ha, Were you Velv Vita or Kraft growing up?


Craft Velv Vita hit us for minute Number one of Velv Vitas. Yeah. Yeah. Kraft was going on. And then I, I think Velv Vita was one of those things that was at my friend's house that I like snuck into the shopping cart. And I was like, I had some velv vita and like my mom was like, get the shit the fuck outta here. Because Velv Vita had the, their angle was, it's not powder, it's real cheese. It's A real cheese. But what kind, what Was it that it was not? It was like just a bed. A bag cheese. Fucking cheese. We were huge Velv vita when I was real young. It was in a huge block. Yeah. Yeah. And you could never wrap up the end airtight enough. So you had to go through, it was like Normandy. You had to get like the first couple of waves of fucking hard dried cheese to get to the good shit. Ooh. I remember my mom when shit was tight, she'd be like, just eat it. And we'd be like fucking eating.


Fucking drywall Suck. It was the first time you have velv vita it of like a revelation. You are like, what the fuck, what Nothing else is my house doing Nothing else. Like My stepmom introduced me to it and it was like, I looked at my mom, I'm like, you gotta pick it the fuck up. You are. I'm about to move into dad's house for good. I will leave you too. Yeah. Chips and cheese was like just melting American cheese on chips was big. And then my friend was like, really? Hit me with the velv vita. And I was like, bro. Yeah. Although I feel like Velv Vito was kind of indicative of like a problem. Like usually if there was a Velv Vita house, there was like marital strife. Oh Yeah. There was a couple holes in the wall. Yeah. Yeah. There was a couple holes In the wall they Were trying to buy back that kid's love. Yeah, For sure.


It was a little dunk. Aoo action. There was always that one kid that you were friends with that you knew there was trouble in a house. That when they would offer you to eat over, you'd be like, nah, I'm good. I'm gonna go home. I will say the single mother, the single mother household had snacks. Oh fuck. That's where you could find Dunkaroos. Good Snack. Fuck You. Yeah. She's treating her little man, right? Yeah. Well She was subservient to the son. The son would be like, the sun becomes mom. Give me the dunkaroos. Some random dude leaving with a work truck out front. Yeah. Made him like Ron or something. You guys, your last dunkaroos. Fuck. That was a fun fey one. Yeah. My cousin snorted pixie sticks in a single mom basement. Like there was like, we were at a friend's house, a single mom. And he just started just railing lines to pixie sticks.


Did this, my cousin, He developed a drug problem. I would've to assume. He dabbled Bounce hard. He bounced hard. He dabbled. He dabbled. He was dabbled a man. He snorting pixie sticks, you know, you What else? Something in air. So else is out there. Something in the single mother house. You go, I gotta do something in this basement. No one could stop me here. There's only a woman, you know, there's no paw, There's no paw to rain down on you. Some house painter every couple of weekends showing up. He ain't gonna say shit. He's all about it. Dude, I'm tell, I've, I've talked about this before, but I'll never forget it. When we were at our, our friend's house, it was just his mom and he had these walkie talkies and I, I swear to God this actually happened. We're like fucking around. He's like, if I go into a certain channel, it picks up my mom's phone conversation.


What? And we picked up a phone conversation of his mom complaining that the guy wouldn't sleep with her. And we were all like, Ooh, I just turned it off right away. Oh fuck. Shut it off One dude. We were looking for porn at my buddy's house one time. Six or weed or something. We were looking for something that a 13 year old's looking for. Yeah. And we were going through and we looked at my one buddy was looking under the bed dude and pulled out a, like a shop, like one of those like plastic shopping bags just full of dildos dude. And like whips and chain. He's like, dude, what is this? And there was like five of us we're like, ah dude. The kids like, put that back, put that back. Like, God damn dude, why do you have us going under your mom's bed? This is crazy. What did you expect us to find?


I feel like you had to do that shit in the summer, whatever house you were at. And there was no one home. You tossed a place like the arena, like you A warrant dude, look for everything. Yeah. Like a no knock Open pillows dude Dumping out fucking coffee and shit. Fucking stethoscope on the wall going around My, my brother claims and I, you know, I have reason to believe it's true, but he said he, like his friend had like, you know, you'd have like, you would like copy VHSs off of like TV or whatever. He had some sort of blank tape that they had like a, a movie on and they wanted to like put it in to watch it. And his mom and her new boyfriend had recorded a sex tape. Jesus. Oh shit. And like recorded over what had been there. So they like, they watched the first 10 minutes.


Then it was just his mom giving Went from three minutes of coach to fucking anal real Quick. Oh, your mom giving head. Just Head bro. On a v Like old VHS Dude. That's worse than I know. That's Brutal. That's like the worst thing you can see Mom giving head is that's it. What would you prefer to see your mom receiving? Doggy or giving head? I hate to say doggy. Receiving doggy. Yeah. Cause you can giving head, they're Still up a little for imagination, Obviously. Obviously it's POV. He's going dirty camera man. You are like, yeah. That's, that's a fucking nail. That's a mission though. That's back in the day. That's a heavy ass fucking camera. Upper body strength. She drops it. She's dead. That's like a news camera.


Yeah. Like April O'Neal. Damn. Yeah. I didn't even think about that. That is a big cam. Oh, the biggest. Yeah. If they were doing it back then, they were real freaks. Yeah. You had set up a tripod and all that kind of stuff. Yeah. It was crazy being that freaky back then. Took a lot of gear. Yeah. Like you couldn't just like have a cell, you know, now you can just have like a cell phone. Sure. Maybe be live streaming out to people or whatever. But like, yeah, that sucks. Porn moms, that's a, that's gonna be a hard wave of kids growing up with OnlyFans moms A lot. I mean, yeah, sure. Son of them. Yeah, man. Because Back in the, I used to work at fucking the, I used to work in the photo department at a supermarket. Pretty cool guy At the time. Oh, that's Actually kind of nice. You know what I mean?


And that was anytime you like a girl would drop off film. You were really hoping there was naked pictures on there. Was there ever? Nope. Not once. Fresh freshman year. I worked at a West coast video. And if you're not familiar with West Coast video, they had the room in the back. Yep. With the fucking beads. You paid a couple visits. Oh, what dude, you worked there. I used to, I used to look at the box and jerk off to the memory of the cover. I remember one was called Hein Feld. It was a Seinfeld spoof. That's nice. Hot. Yeah. Kramer had a hog on him. But this kid worked there and his mom, single mom worked there too. They both worked there. And you could see what everybody take. Like, you know, when you get to take your movies home a week? No lie.


This kid's mom rented time for an ass fucking too. And he was time for an ass fucking for the next four years in high school. That's Tough. Hated us Damn Time for ass fucking This is early nineties. Yeah. That's terrible. She rented it knowing her son worked there. Yeah. Didn't give a Shit. I, I mean it was time for an ass. Fucking, it's Time. It's something you do. It's time you Gotta go. You see the big hand and the small. Its time ass fucking It's ass fucking somewhere. My boy's dad owned a Thank You. My boy's dad owned a bunch of independent, like, not like a chain, not like West Coast. It was just like epic video or whatever. There was like movies, remember movies. But then Blockbuster came in and he had to close up. So he, but he kept all the porn from like five locations and it was all in the basement.


And for years we had no, I, we'd go over there for years. I had no idea. Four. That's everything dude. We're down in the basement and there's just wall to wall boxes. My buddy like fall. It was like out of a movie, like falls into one and it just like spills out all over these like, like that whole box is porn. He is like, these are all porn. Imagine that. And We, dude, we robbed the shit out of the Yeah, you have To imagine that you're spending the whole summer jerking off to Southern living and you got the fucking fucking Mecca Treasure of Sierra Madre downstairs. Gga is three in Lost at Sea. We took, What Was It, GGA three and the other one was Lust at Sea. And that made Lust at Sea. Made the rounds Smash. Really? Yeah. We had the Spanish fly 14. That was the big tape Actually. Damn. They got off to 14 of them.


That's pretty good. We had, it was a spoof on Psycho and it was called the Butts Motel. That's pretty good. That's a thinker though. Yeah. The Knife was a, the knife was a dildo in the shower. It was pretty good. Yeah. Crazy. They made porn funny back then. I know, dude. And they also sp I don't know who they had the writers and I know it was like my good writers, my hormones were pumping. But man, the storylines, you'd be, you'd be like fucking pre-cum when she's talking like, oh, he's not coming back for a while. And the maids are here. You know, I got a feeling where this is headed Wooey, I'm, I'm still a bit of a story head. Like, I love it. I need it. I kind of need a little bit. If it's just like smash cut to insertion, I'm like bro, build me.


I'll prime Deduction. Step stepdaughter. Have to share a hotel room. Hello bro. Man. Share bed might be one of my favorites. Share Bed is nice. Share Bed is, I was, I'll be honest, I was on shared bed very early. Really? Before it was like people were talking about it and I was like, this is wrong. Yeah. It's so normal. So before the stepmom genre, like early on I got, I got a shared bed video and I, I kept going back to the well on that. You Thought it was wrong. And I was like, this is insane. This is, yeah. Shared, shared steps on and stepmom on vacation. That was Prest Stuck. It was prest stuck pre It Was very early. Dude. My buddy Like, and stuck came out and everyone's not afraid to admit they're jacking off the incest porn.


And I was like, oh, thank God. Thank fucking God. What's all step? It's step, step, Step. Or they'll claim step and then in the video they'll, they won't say, Lemme jack you off. There you go. You're like, this Is something. Come on now. Small advertisement. Yeah. Yeah. Stuck. Didn't I thought Stuck was gonna have a moment. I Thought that was Goofy and it didn't, Sam Couldn't, didn't do it. Yeah. Really? I thought stuck. Definitely had stuck. Didn't get me. I'm shared That thought. I thought it was gonna be the next big thing. And I feel like it, I feel like it is. I feel like I've never heard a comedian not talk about stuck porn. I think It exists. I think you opened there. Not, I didn't hear, I didn't hear about it until you said it. Well Matt, don't put this on me. You're really Happy. Stuck was stuck in death porn on me, bro. Freak Zero.


Shame killer. Everyone knows you love Notre Dame and you Love stuck stock porn. Notre Dame and stuck porn. I just find I have a believability New Under Armour stuck porn commercial And the, and the shared pets. The mom always slept it away. Like she was like, her ass was always Fucking, yeah, what Are you doing? Yeah. Hard. I can help you with that. I go, oh, what the Hell's going on? It's always like, well just 'cause we need sleep. You know what I mean? It was like, we have to get to bed. So let me do this. I told you we we have a good day Tomorrow. You know what I mean? So motherly. Yeah. I I I've been off the porn. I don't, I don't wanna I don't wanna just shoehorn this into every discussion. I've been off since January.


Good for You. Are you thinking clearer? Yeah. You get harder over less for sure. Pretty cool. You get kind of like, like high school kind of boner type things. Scrolling is is a trigger for me. 'cause my fucking, my Twitter feed and my search page on Instagram is just bad news. And I'll just, I'll catch something and then I'll just be like, All right. And then fucking write to fucking porn. Yep. Be alone. The Instagram can jar one loose. Oh dude. Yeah. You see it, you go, oh shit. Especially alone in a hotel. That's, you know what I have now. You know those, you know those things. You strapped your head and there's a ball and a string and you punch it. I have one of those and I do that. I do that at night. You're Super glue in your eyes closed. They get, Do You Know what I'm, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah dude.


Those things are all, I'll never leave that. That's what I, I just, that Distraction so hard not to jack off shadow boxing in a hotel. Not at a Best Western. Crazy. Yeah, I'm horny as fuck. I better shadow box in my fucking hotel. The noise is, you can probably hear it. It still sounds like you're jacking off. Dude. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Dude. It was affect. It does calm you down though. Cause you get the willies after a show. You're like, I wanna do something bad. Of course, yeah. What do you mean? I want to eat something bad, bad drink drugs. Eat, get Something. Yeah. You wanna do something fucked up. Yeah. So I just punched the ball. I just fucking sit there, Punch the ball. You're an adrenaline how you wanna hurt yourself. Exactly. Yeah. I dude, I've, the older I get, the more I kind of can see, remember hearing about those guys that'd have like hookers rub their backs and that's it.


Yeah. Yeah. I've heard of those guys. I'm kind, I can see it now. I'm like, dude, I still like laugh when I was younger, like, why the fuck would anyone do that now? I'm like, nah. I kind of definitely She's a hug. Right on. Yeah, it's a hug. Yeah. Hug some nice words. Be like talking to a lady. Put You to sleep. What you doing? That'd be nice. Maybe from behind. Been with a Chris Hansen. Just a from behind. I'm bring him into my hotel room and I go, what are you doing here? You know I'm only 12. You are here to meet a 37-year-old man. Whatcha doing With a ball hanging from his forehead. True. That's the part I'm leaving out. There's just four like very cheap hookers there watching you. You wanna see this? I'm standing on this. You're showing them it's A new Toy.


I'm standing on their butts like a bosu ball and just, yeah. I mean, dude, I wish women would be cooler about hookers, honestly. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like why are they so uptight about hookers? Yeah. Fucking, Fucking, fucking legend Wives and hookers could be a team and instead they have to be enemies. I don't know why. I agree. What's all the fighting about? Huh? There's enough of me to go, what a catch You are. Huh? There's plenty Of bagel bites for everybody girls. And knock this Off. They could team up. I gotta Old brick of LV vita. It's like watching a nature documentary when they, you see one of the wildebeests go down, there's a million wild bees.


It's like, dude, you guys could help but you're too dumb To figure this out. Isn't weird. Hookers and wives just got together. They the wild tobe could Link. That's what I'm saying. Isn't it weird nature documentaries the way they present it, they can really twist your view of like, say it's a baby wild to beast and it's a, a lion. You're like rooting for the willed beast to get away. Yeah. But then other times you're rooting for the predator. Yeah. They change like the they spin it, They spin it like crazy. Yeah. And then they set up cameras and then they add noises and it's, they give the animals like humanlike traits. And if they talk about like, you know, like I just watched one on polar bears and it was like a mom and two po, two baby polar bears. And they really had me stop Jacking off immediately.


He says Polar bears To one's a maid. Oh dude, I forgot we're staying at Airbnb. He walked down the other day out of his bedroom. He's like, I'm going upstairs for a little bit. He goes up, close the door, comes down and just immediately starts washing his hands. And I'm like, dude, you couldn't make that any more blatant what you just did up there in the dude. You couldn't hear him scrolling. He was looking on the car. What are you talking about? He came right down. What's up? No shirt on. What's up guy? Like he just had sex. What's up? I was filling up the rental car with washer fluid. That Is The loose. You are like, ah, I think I'm gonna take a nap. 10 minutes later you come out, you go, I couldn't God, you're drilling next door. I couldn't hear nothing Immediately get something to eat.


I got A huge stain Right below my Stomach. He was giving you college roommate questions. You are like, what? What are you gonna do? I'm gonna go take a nap. But You gonna hit the calf calf or something like you go get fourth meal. I'll be, I gotta shut it down. It's 10:30 AM I'm just dying for a nap. I'm so tired. Woo. I don't like down here too to get in your business. You on. How do you get on PornHub down here? What do you guys doing? I get why you get off it now. Yeah. Videos. You know, you just gotta go on the old school ones. What are you supposed to do? Put your email address in or something like that. Just don't do it. Just it's Like the opposite X videos. Yeah. Don't, don't go on the never. It's devastating. It's like the opposite. When, when you're, it's like when you're like younger and you need to get an older person to buy you alcohol.


You gotta ask the kids. You are like, yo, what are you guys all jerking off? You know? Not weird. Get over here. Hang out at liquor stores. Hey Billy, what's your email address? But no, you just gotta like remember old porn sites and that's what you just Use. X videos is cool. X videos. I don't get That. I just X videos. Yep. Gotcha. Just porn hub. PornHub. You can't go on. I'm, I'm a hub man. I just never, did you guys ever have a password back in the day to like a porn hub? Yeah, we, there was a browsers password. What? It was circulate. It was like 14 sites you could get. Huge dude man was the Dex videos. It's weird. 'cause down here the porn is, I don't know. Now mine's all like Latinos, Mexican Geographic because we're close.


That's what you're into. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. I mean isn't, I mean isn't that interesting? I mean, you bad That's the lad algorithm. It's the algorithm. Yeah. You, that's all. Yeah. That's kind of what's in demand right now. Yeah. Makes Sense. I can roll with that. Exactly. Yeah, Go with it. Let's go. That's great. Those, those passwords and shit like that. Our dads is who they, that who fucked. They got fucked up by that. All that kind of stuff. In the popups. Yeah. My dad literally went through five laptops in like a six month period. I dunno. It's crazy. It was coming up. My mom's like, what the fuck? Yeah, it sucks coming upon like some, if you hit like a desktop and you like see the circus, they don't, they didn't know about search history. No. So you could see the search history and be like, God, old man, what Are you doing?


Old man bro. Searching boobs like a fucking Eighth grader. Something About my dad. I was like, dude, I, we know you're fucking the Nah, how are you talking about it? He's fucking fucking hammer. It's like, dude, you watch your porn. Come on man. Like my dick's a lot bigger now though. Really? Fucking Really? No, I'm saying he got some ad you could click the ad. Oh Yeah. Yeah. You got dick pills. I've added five to seven inches. I'm like fuck About the fucking mature lady in my area. Local Jokes on you asshole. I'm about to fuck a bunch of locals together With someone. Yeah, with someone. Yeah. I wanna know if that's ever worked out for anybody. I don't know a single person who's hit like the fine horse mayor.


Does it work in there? Well there's an internet hound. Yeah. Oh, search things out. Does It work? Sometimes. Okay. Sometimes. What works? Like those, like find local single girls. Oh well I go to Reddit and you can just like find people on there. You Can find girls on Reddit tech. Yeah. God damn man. These kids. Yeah. Reddit's like the new Craigslist kind of. Yeah. These kids. LA mayor's like 48. These creeps I meant, I'm sorry. Yeah. That's cool. You did Reddit. I had it work out one time. You know the numbers that you call and you can like talk to a lady. I was able to convince her. I was like, well we should meet up. And I ended up meeting up with her.


What? Yeah, she didn't look anything. One 900. Do you think you looked like what? You described Six. Six Latino dude. She looked like shit. Yeah. Anyway, I don't know if you can handle this. She'll be, she'd been sitting in a dark room saying dirty words into a phone For 40 years. Yeah. What do you think? She's the hottest girl in the world. What? Where'd You meet? I met at her place. What this was in? I just hearing you come up the steps. It was the, He stopped at a landing. He's just breathing heavy. You go no way Walk. Fuck the fuck.


Hey guys, PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks. PrizePicks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out. Even if your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money. Even if one of your picks doesn't hit. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks is the best way to win real money this basketball season. Which players are going off? Which ones aren't? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on PrizePicks personal experience. Love it. I love turning my sports opinion into real money all season long. My favorite thing guys. Download the PrizePicks app today. Sorry, just got off the flu guys. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Hey. And just like that, guys, don't forget, we also do standup comedy. All right? I know you guys love the pod. Don't forget you can come check us at a fucking show, dude, by the way, just got my motherfucking haircut just like that. I know you guys are going God damn that motherfucker, motherfucker. I said shit guys. Go, I'll, I'll run down the list. Go to Shane am gillis.com. I know he is. Got a couple shows coming up. Manchester, England, man, that's gonna be a big one. Go to Manchester. You hear that? You British fucks you motherfuckers. Guys go to Manchester and go check out. You know, go check out all those shows. I'll also be in the Comedy Castle of Royal Oak Michigan and it's in danger of selling out. So I'm not just saying that it's true.


Funny Bone Omaha. We could use some tickets there. Not gonna lie. Laugh out loud. Comedy Club, San Antonio, Texas, Cobbs Comedy Club Sucker. My motherfucking cob in San Francisco, California. Crest Theater, Sacramento, California. We'll see how that goes. Then the Neptune Theater, Seattle, Washington. And I have a couple other dates coming up, but you know, I I we will see. But yeah, go on to motherfucking go on and get yourself some motherfucking ticket. It's Pardon the interruption. Hello everybody, this is Sean Guardini. I just wanted to let you know that I'll be doing standup comedy in Las Vegas, Nevada at Wise Guys Comedy Club this Friday, February 28th and Saturday March 1st.


Me and Nate Marshall will be at Wise Guys Comedy Club in Las Vegas, Nevada. Please come if you can. Tickets are@seanguardini.com. Please for the love of God, come if you can and go see La Mer Lee on the road as well this weekend. And Cincinnati, Pennsylvania and a lot of other places. Tickets are available@lamarlee.fund and Optimum Nous is next week, Tuesday, March 4th at the creek in the cave. Please come s sean guardini.com. S sean guardini.com. S sean guardini.com. Please come. There'll be fun shows and that's a Gini guarantee.


Thank You. Pardon the interruption. Can you tell the story of going through the yoga ball or the Yeah, work exercise ball. This is, Yeah, that, this one was pretty bad too Because I think about this story constantly. But hold this chick. She All right. Yeah. She lived in the Thomas Jefferson houses in the Bronx and I went up there and it was, it was a bad, there was just a dude sleeping on her couch and her kids were there. What? And we went in the room. I stayed overnight. It was bad. There were so many roaches in there. And I just seen this documentary about roaches crawling in somebody's ear and screaming. And I was What a sweet Life you were living at the time. Jesus. I was so bugged out. And the kids were so sweet. And I remember, like, we were in there, we hooked up.


Jesus Christ. Yeah, I was, I, I thought for like a week that this was a sign from God that I was supposed to like, marry this woman and save her and the kids. I just never talked to her again. But for a couple of days I really thought like I, I had like a sign from God, but I remember she's like, let's get the kids outta the house or whatever. And they were like, can we go to the store or whatever. I'm like, yeah. And I had like, you know, a couple twenties on me. Then the dude on the couch comes in. He is like, oh, can I grab something too and just keep him a 20? And then they came back with like Chinese food or something. And we all ate as a family. That's Awesome. And then watched Kungfu hustle and went to sleep. And I slept with toilet paper in my ears.


'cause I didn't want the roaches to crawl. Did Jab bone her? Yeah. I'm sorry. Talking About it on the Chinese food Run you bang. Yeah, on the Chinese food run. I just, and then that night I just, I had a similar like, horrific corny story when I, like, I remember I was at a strip glove, met a stripper, whole thing, changed numbers. I'm like, yes, I could finally date a strips would be so sick. And I went to her house and there was just a nine month old infant there. And I was like, oh, All right. I just like, I think we might have kissed. Yeah, that's a good kiss Though. So you would just dip her the pacifier and sweet and sour McDonald's sauce and put it in the baby's mouth. And I was just like, dude, this is fucking dark. Holy shit. And then there were, there were trans prostitutes above. She was, she told me this and they were like making a ruckus up there.


It was, they were up there banging around and she was like, yeah dude. Like they'll set up shop in the hallway. I'll, I'll just hear like don dong dong against the door and open up. And one of 'em was getting piped out in the hallway. God, like, we get up, get upstairs you guys. And they're like, shut the fuck up. It was rugged, man. That's when you get a taste and you're like, eh, I am gonna scale it back a little. Not about that life. Yeah. Yeah. Not at all. Dude. Shocks You out Of it. Not at all. The yoga ball story. I was living in a studio apartment in Queens. This is towards the end of my first run in New York. Before I moved home to Philly and did comedy. I was doing a lot of blow. My brother had like gotten engaged and moved outta the apartment that we lived. And I was by myself and it was bad.


I was working at this place, I was doing blow and maybe like six months in and it was like a nice little apartment on the first floor. Just when it redone, had all stuff in there. I was making a go of it. I got bed bugs and I had to throw out everything in my apartment, every single thing in my apartment. So I had a blow up mattress that was like my bed, like in the corner. Like I had like a comforter and shit on this thing. After I cleaned it all out and Easy sitting over there Going and my, I had, I had a yoga ball for my computer where I would fucking sit there do blow jerk off, all that kind of stuff. You know the norm. Yeah. And I had this hooker over there one night. And fucking I was smoking, we, you know, we're watching porn obviously and all that kind of stuff.


Obviously. Obviously that's what you do when you get a hooker. And I was smoking a cigarette and I was, I was naked and I was probably covered in like olive oil or Vaseline or something completely naked. Yeah, You Are ready for sex. And I had go in the oven at three 50 for an hour, poke some holes in him and let him sweat, baby. I just want to heat him up. He's fully cooked. And I just put my cigarette down and it popped the fucking yoga ball. And I just fucking, and I remember she started laughing at me and she had like a deviated septum.


She was like, like just snorting and laughing at me. And man, I'm Sorry about that. It's the, I mean, sitting there bouncing, smoking a cigarette, just oiled up Naked. You're at the top. You're as cool as you could be at that moment. You are a fucking hooker. You're all, you're having a blast. And then boom on the fucking ground. Did Pin that holds the air and fly out or did you blow it Out? Blow. He claims there's the cigarette. There's obviously it was not the cigarette. There was a weight issue. Yeah. It wasn't this Big. Back back. Hey bro. Dude, this is so recent. This size Was worried. But how big were you? Like you were still Maybe, maybe two 50. Yeah. All right. That could pop you dudes.


You are two 50 ain't doing yoga. Up And down on a goddamn Chinese made yoka balls. Fucking Bullshit. Yeah, I was, I have No way. It was the cigarette. No, I take it went down on like in pot. 'cause it, it blew up like from the burn hole. Really? I never thought about it. I believe, I believe you. No, Now I don't believe at all. I've never thought about it. But he lies about everything obvious. See, it is For sure. How's it gonna land on a, Maybe it rolled over a safety pin or something like that. Sniper in the, the next building took him out. It's probably the hooker's fault. Honestly. It was definitely the hook. I, I Had some jack sprinkled on the floor rolled Over. That's right. I had a set of spike strips in the house.


I forgot That's Why your spiked brass knuckles you were playing with at the same time Too. Yeah, I was showing my butterfly nights. Yeah. Pretty cool. You full flat on your Back dude like that? Yeah, right on my ash. I remember my Cox bone was sore for like two weeks after that. Having a Explosion Loud dude. It's like a gun went off. It was like four in the morning and I was real paranoid 'cause I was on the first floor in the lobby and I had two doors. Like I had two doors that entered my apartment and like I'd get so cooked up, I'd be like listening the doors to see if anybody was in there. I was sketched out. You wanna take the romance out of the room? Fucking papa.


A yoga bowl covered in olive oil. Oh, Covered in an olive. He freak. Freak. Got fucking issues man. He's a Freak. Real dry skin Freak. I'm a freak man. You're on record. You should. Yeah. What are you talking about? You Get dish out a new, you've Never covered, You've Never been covered. Pam spray before. Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever get a nru massage? A what? A new ru. A new ru. When A lady like greases herself up and just slides herself across you. No. Have You? There was a porn category that I saw saw. I know. And it's Kind of in, oddly catches my eye but doesn't fully get, No, I got one in real life and it was just like an older kind of drug out old lady just laid on me for a while in a motel sit.


I was just sitting like a shitty like highway motel being like, okay, I, I'm, I'm good on this now. She came to you. I went there. Oh Yeah, it was that a motel. It was like A side of the highway outdoor motel situation. So it wasn't really a spa per se? No. Cause they typically do it on like an air mattress for like The, yeah, this is just the bed She was on the blankets utilized, ruining A blanket with fucking old lady oils. Yeah. It just ruined the Bed. And you're not gonna get your deposit back lady. It was underwhelming. I thought they built it up so much on the video in the movies. And then I was like, it'd be awesome Hollywood for you. It was just like a very fucked up lady. I had to run her to Rite Aid afterwards. For what? She had to like go buy supplies.


She had to buy like hooker supplies. She's like, can you gimme a ride to Rite Aid? And I was like, yeah, fine. Hop in. Jesus dropped her off. Grab me some Cheez-Its when you're in there, will you grab me a Whitman sampler the way up the Door. The Rite Aid trip after. Yeah. Fuck. That's awful. I also, I had a weird pride where I like, I really prided myself back then on being able to like really chop it up with prostitutes. I'm like, no, we can like chill and talk. Yeah. I said, Is that a big thing For you? Prostitutes? I took a, yeah for I, I had a period. Gotcha. I took it. I took it away. This is like, I felt really nice to like sit there and just like once all the business was handled to just sit and fucking chat. Yeah. It's kind of business. Well yeah, once we settled, our fair concluded Contracts were signed.


That's Crazy dude. Like Swiss business man punching a tongue talking business you can talk about. So That must be just ins insane. Like I'm sure the post not clarity for most guys is like, holy fuck, what am I doing in this motel? Nah, but when you got a cool one, Matt, your post, your post nots, like you need a ride. You got a cool one You liked, they were cool. Like when the cool ones were cool as shit. Yeah. Like they got it. They're like, yeah, you could hang out with them and shoot the shit. Some are chill. Yeah. And you can just kind of, it's really tempting to be like, can I just be like a guy? Can I just like be a security guy for you or something? Cause you do want to get into it. You're like, dude, I could just hang out in shitty motels. What are we gonna a free base cocaine? I guess I've never done that before. I guess I could do that. I guess. See where this Goes. I can get your supplies.


Yeah. Could be your guy. Dude. Even Rite Aid were the fucking thing of tinfoil and baby oil Big night. Huh? I remember when the, remember when the, the pharmacies, they started getting the freak aisle. They didn't have that. They still have now it's fucking Condoms with family planning. Now they call condoms, lube Wild. The condoms, the fucking heat up a lube and all that Kind stuff. Me and my wife had a meeting. I'm gonna use Astroglide fucker in the bud. It's family planning. That's the family. That's the family planning aisle. We've had a long talk. Yeah. We've we've really thought things through and we're ready to try a cock ring. They saw cock rings in fucking ccb. S That's crazy.


No way. It's like it's just a lube. It's lube condoms and then No, they have The vibrating cock ring. I thought you were around. They have cock ring Too. No. Yeah, it's like a vibrating. Can't get pregnant unless she comes. You know, It's right next to the dental flos. True. Dang. I gotta bust one. I gotta bust out a vibrating coching. I haven't busted this out, dude. It's been a While. It's been a, it's Been a while since I Been, possibly a decade. I've You've used one of Those. Oh, for sure. Really? I Thought we were joking. How'd it go? It's pretty amazing, honestly. It probably made you Wait it down right away, down up the shaft shaking. It just goes down there and buzzes. I mean, you, it Seems like it makes sense, right? Dude, it's if you want to feel like an all star. Yeah. It's just, huh? Your dick just becomes a fucking dare I say little vibrator.


Yeah. So it's just like, it's just on the bottom every time you get all the way in rather than them being like, oh, they're going, oh, what's that? Yeah. Yeah. That's the, instead of them going, that's it, huh? I Don't know. I think my dick's too small for that. My balls would just keeps falling. My balls would be going back and forth. Like one of those things on a desk. That wouldn't be a good luck. Yeah, you do. There there is like a, if you lose, yeah. They're definitely not one size fits all. So like, if you get, if you lose any hardness, if that thing starts wobbling around, you just gotta like pinch the fucking, you just gotta give it a little twist and be like, yep, we're still good. Oh, filling this thing the fuck out. That ring too big for you. You gotta do a dry run by yourself to make sure Can't fucking whip that Out and break it out.


And it's too big. You gotta go, you know what, let's not even use This. You gotta beat off. You gotta beat off with it first. You have to just test it out. Sure. You Guys did dry runs back in the day. You did dry runs with condoms before the first, like before you started having sex use It, Right? Yeah. That's called a dress rehearsal. Where It was a dress rehearsal. They were fun. Yeah. I enjoyed those. That Was great. You get your hand, you get your hands on like a lifestyles or something, man. Gotta use it. It's good stuff. No Mess either. Yeah. That was, yeah, that was almost instinctual. If you see economy, you're gonna like the first economy you see, you use it to beat off kind of. Yeah. At least I did. I was just like, for sure I Did it a good amount. More than I probably, I entered an adult phase. I entered like an embarrassing adult phase On an adult phase doing, I just joking. Don't feel bad for a second, bro. Wait, What? What age? Don't worry about it, Kev. I was saying I, I might get back in the Game.


You know, McCluskey was a little freaking zoo. Really? I was freak zoo. Yeah. Late, late twenties, early thirties. Still freak. That's why, why he is like, I'm off porn box. Makes sense. Live action. I remember they were like, yeah, I remember there for like, just like if there was like a period, like period thing or like Sure. Before like there was like pill issues. Like if you're on the pill off like, well I have a condoms just in case. And I remember at one point they were just gone like, what the fuck? And I was like, I beat off of, actually I genuinely did. Like, oh my God, you must be doing. So I was like, no, I really beat off of the bathroom with him. Yeah. Like on a Tuesday afternoon. It was. I just took forever. I remember my parents went, caught him in my bedroom and it was after I had just all my guy friends sleep over.


Oh. And they were like, what the fuck? Saw these jock straps? You can't be like, mom. I was jacking off. It was either that or I was butt fucking one of my friends. We were having Sex, we Were jacking off protected gay sex with one of my buddies. We were just mutually masturbating. Yeah. Condom in the room is, That's devastating. Yeah. Although you, you, you know, if it's like young kids, it's like people have them. Yeah. I always, I think I was like a senior in high school that was Borderline. Still. Still. It's like someone had that thing on 'em. It's not like you, I wouldn't jump into like, my son was a bucket. A five man bud fucking fest. S a big jump. No, but I mean, there was no women.


Sure. Truly kids have them own them. Like we were in high school. I remember you keep like a lifestyles in your wallet. You are like, bro, it's gonna be sick. No, it was, it was used. It was, oh yeah. It's not like they found the rapper. It was a condom. Used it condom. I threw on the, I did not my bed and then lost it. No. Wait, so whose was it? It was me. I was jacking him off. Oh, All right. I Didn't know that. No, they didn't find a condom. They were like my gay son. I just a used condom out there. An all dude sleepover. They were like, what the fuck happened? Oh man. I was like, yeah. My friend Jared used it just immediately blamed a friend.


That's Fucking wildly upsetting. Yeah. I was upset. I was like, maybe it's kind of su but I don't, I don't, no, it was real su cum Cu damn. You should have said You should have like completely like, yeah. Jared did it and then someone else lick the rapper. Lick the rapper. I tried to tell 'em to stop. They were all just having sex with each other case. All My friends had sex. I told him, my mom's gonna find this and get me mad. S a piece of gum on the tip of it. Did they say, did your mom confront you or your dad? Oh, my Dad. Oh, what did he say? He was like, what The hell's going on up there? He's like, I think you left something on the floor in your bedroom. Get up there. And I was like, oh my god. It's a combo.


So what you put it on, jerked off and, and just slung it to the side in your parents' house. It was bedtime. I Had to get my eight Out. You gotta get, get rid of the evidence. Of course. Obviously I'm talking about it now. 20 years later. I'm still thinking about that mistake. What more did you have important that, that like fell to the third thing on the list at That's the whole beauty. Your in the room off with condom almost nine 30. That was also, that's a cp. That's an early cp. It's a cp. Put you right out then. That's that's an early cream pie. Basic. You take it Off for sure. You go coming Into condoms kind of intense. As a young man that's, I Remember thinking about it being like, what's it going to do when it happened? Like, what's it gonna allow? I was just like, I was baffled by It. Yeah. That's pretty cool. See a little, I remember seeing a little tip and being like, fill that Thing, fill that thing up.


No problem. Redir Tip. There you Go. What? I didn't really, When I First bottle. Great. When I first saw one, I never thought that's what it was gonna look like. I thought it had like straps. I didn't understand what it was. And when I saw it, I was like, man, that's a great design. It's just a thin, if I would've been a, a research and development on condoms, we'd be 30 years Behind. Yeah. Should be using lambskins. Oh, remember those? Yeah. God, somebody used to have a good job. I think it was Apollo had a good joke about that. A sti skin condom. Then you'd fuck the girl and the whole room would smell like a gyro.


The straps are so fucking Yeah, that's So I thought, I thought it was like, like foam and went around and it couldn't click in my brain that it was supposed to catch this stuff coming out. I thought, I thought it was like a knee brace that like a lineman would wear. Like something like that. Thought I thought it was a DonJoy. It was orthopedic. That's All right. Yeah, do, Yeah. I knew we were gonna talk about cu and jacking off. I know, I know. What Else? Did your parents ever catch you having sex in the house with anybody? No. I, I got called sucking boobs in like seventh grade. Really? That's Pretty cool though. That age Sucking boob. It was pretty Bus. My dad, my dad walked down in his underwear and he is like, whoa. Jesus Christ. And I just, I had like a flyers jacket unzipped and open just going Sucking boobs That went, oh god.


And just walked. He just left. Who was this bruiser wearing a fucking flyer starter jacket. That's crazy. Would you pick her up outside the spectrum? Yeah. She was an eighth grader. Not a big deal. Yeah, whatever man. Finally we can brag about it. Yeah. It was an eighth grader's boobs. I was sucking on. I hope no one clips this. I Know. I like you did it like that too. Opened it up and then it Took a while, man watching the movie. Slowly watching Jurassic Park slowly just like, Yeah. Time is So that long zipper. It Was, it Was all the way zip down. It was a full zip down.


Yeah. Just threw a pull over to me. Crazy. That's a good scenario. Popping A titty out of the top Sounds nice. Back to a few good men. Someone's done it before. Someone's stuck. Sucked titties under a starter jacket before, I'm sure. For sure. Those things. Dude, that was like, that made your whole year back then. Like what starter jacket you got? Yeah. Ah, I had the Miami Hurricanes. I thought that was like a sick logo. I had a 76 ERs. Loved It. Yeah. The Orlando Magic for some reason I had Orlando Magic Shaq and Charlotte Shaq was big. Yeah. The Charlotte who, if you saw a C kid in Phil wearing Charlotte, that that kid was a dirt bag. Oh, that was a broken home for sure. It's funny you got that of foreman mills or something. Yeah.


Now you feel the obligation you gotta stick to your teams. But for a while it was like very fashionable to have like, you could have like an Atlanta Hawks hat or fucking Yeah. We were basically black people at that point. Yeah. It's great. You know, I saw dude wearing the NBA jeans the other day in my neighborhood. Yeah. Nba. So I was like all the patches on them. Yeah. I was like, dude, damn. You remember Then they had all the patches that was like Lloyd Banks used to wear For sure. Yeah. I was like, god Damn dude. He busted 'em back out. I Don't maybe still lan 'em. He loves the league. True. Yeah. He just loves maybe No particular team. Just, just crazy. Supports the team. Yeah. I, I learned, I was on Kill Tony like a couple months ago and I, I saw there, there was a black gentleman performing and his jeans were like almost all torn, like all holes.


And that was, that was kinda like the latest iteration I'd seen. I Was a big JI was a big Jersey and matching fitted kid, man. Very heavily influenced by G Unit. Yeah. G Unit got me too. That was, yeah. How could you not? That was like, yeah, he came in like a fucking tornado as the Coolest dude in world. I never got one of his like G unit wife beaters. Those Things are wild. Fuck those things are So I couldn't Basketball jersey, no matter, even as in shape as I ever was, I could not wear a fucking, I just looked bad in them. I looked like I worked for the Joker. Like it was just like, I, I like proper henchmen. It was just not a good look. Yeah. And I used to, those dudes that could pull those off, it was great. You gotta wear 'em at the beach. That's, that's when it's Yeah. That's a pro fat guy move. Yeah. You are like, I'm, I'm not, I don't have a shirt on.


Yeah. I just really like the theme. I, I made a promise to myself a long time ago as fat as I was, as I was a kid. I'm not gonna be the kid wearing the t-shirt or whatever in the pool. Yeah, course. So I, I would take the shit off before we got to the pool and be like, this is it. This is me. Let's Roll socks. Some Jackets. Now it's, everyone wears shirts now. Everyone wears the SPF shirts. It's crazy. Yeah. It's pretty nuts. Yeah. Those Are Nice. They are kind of fucking nice too. I enjoy wearing those. Yeah. I, I had one in the pool. Oh. Con man was hitting me with those. He was wearing 'em first when we were at the beach and I was like, you look like a dumb ass. Yeah. They bought me one. I was like, these are fucking sick. You don't put sunscreen on at all. Yeah. All you gotta do is just hit your nose. Yeah. All the kids have one. I mean, I just sw I tried my shirt once in a pool and then you don't think you get out.


It sucked a regular. The sun. You lie. You're like the sun. It was navy blue too. It was not even like He's in, he's in there in a button down And I got out and then it's like your, then your shirt's wet. I didn't have an extra shirt. It ruined. Yeah. So I'm just like, then you have to either take it off out of the pool, which is worse than in the pool or just hang out in a wet smoke Come off. You're just like Off. Yeah. I, the shirt in the pool is crazy man. Especially just being wet like you were saying after you're done, you're just, you're just so, so uncomfortable. It's uncomfortable to swimming. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. It might like spread out a little while. You're swimming. Look like an octopus just pink.


That's ass gonna get dunked. The fat kid wearing the shirt. That's easy picking. You're going under Such a brutal look. I had the, the thought process too of like, no one will know. Yeah. No one's gonna believe that it's fat. It is. 'cause I burn easily. The adults are like, You are the fat kid. I know somebody dunk him. I might, my dad, I was a fat, I was a real fat kid growing up. My dad was a fat kid too. Yeah. And so he just like looked at me and he is like, knock it all. Like, he was like so devastated that I was also a fat kid. Yeah. I learned It from you. That sucked. Yeah. Getting called out by your parents for fucking late night snacking. Yeah. My mom still does that. She'll be up, she'll be in bed at like eight 30 and if we stay at the house, I'm down there fucking rummaging through.


How you going Down there? You're Rummaging Rum. She's making a grizzly bear trash cans. My put the food in a bear bag. I hang it outside from a tree. He's out there. Yeah. My mom would just tell me, she's like, you got fat. Like, she'll just like look at me and be like, you put on a lot of weight. You look kind of fat. They're Vicious with That shit. Just doesn't mince words. Yeah. She'll be like, yeah, you've, you're getting a little hefty there. I get that. You look good. And I'm like, I'm about to die. Like I'll come off the road for like two weeks. My head's like this big. She's like, you look good. Meanwhile, like I've had to go to the hospital recently 'cause my insides are it all clear Came back clear.


He said, he said it was probably a muscle. I rolled with it for sure. Thought I was dying. Happens. Trying to turn it all around though. This 2025 is the year. That's my year. Everyone turns it around. Turn around. Possibly. Possibly 2026. I but definitely maybe 28. May 28 is gonna be a Golden 28. I know. Is gonna be good. Well, we're gonna slide into probably a golden age. Like as a country in 2028 probably. Nah, fuck that. I'm going the other way. You think it's gonna be doom? Yeah. Really? I'm riding it out. He Was worried about the asteroid this morning. I'm praying For he's, is this thing gonna fucking hit us or not? I'm dude, what? What are you doing in your room man? This is brutal conversation at fucking 9:00 AM I'm praying for it. That actually gonna wait till 2032 till this thing to hit us.


Yeah. Is 2032. That's What they said. Yeah. I'm gonna use all of our missiles to blow it Up. Can't deflect it. It's pass the point of deflection. They said So I don't know what they're gonna do. Think they're just gonna ride it out wherever it hits. Deal with it. Wait, why can't they blow it up into a bunch of pieces? Armageddon, this thing. That's what I'm saying. Get chemi on the horn. I read something that it's, it's too far past where we'd be able to hit it or something like that. I also have no idea. I'm getting this from Instagram. I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. About mid Beat. He's reading that. What the fuck. Yeah. I feel like you, I mean if it's still in outer space, can't we just send nukes into outer space? I don't think that shit, I think that that don't work. That thing's cooking. That's like 28,000 miles a second. Yeah.


We bounce right off of it. Especially if it's like iron or something like that. Oh yeah. Fuck. Just heats it up and it hits us harder. Yeah. Makes it angry. Just pisses it off. Now you're all in big trouble. It gets bigger. I wonder who it's gonna hit because it's gonna all depend on the way the earth's turning. Yeah. How big is this? How big are we? It Even hits us. Yeah. That ain't gonna hit Us. They're they're just doing the asteroid fear cycle. Yeah. It's all they get me with the plane cycle. Dude Buddy. We're, we're in bad shape right now, Bro. Yeah. God damn it. All of have to fly every fucking 10 minutes, took days. Oh yeah. Man, that's a flight that any of us could have been on Minneapolis to Toronto. Yeah. Dude, that's rough rounding though. The fuck. I Know everybody lived though, So I don't know if the pilot's a hero or a fucking dumb ass.


Everybody walked away. He flipped over. It was like the miracle in the Hudson on ground. He just flipped it Over. Yeah. It reminds me of kings of Tupelo where he is like, they call me a retard and a dumb ass. Yeah. How the fuck did it flip? He was just going a little too fast. You are a Retard. And I don't a dumb ass, So I don't know if they hit the ru, if he overshot the runway, but it looks like he hits the right engine immediately catches off fire. So he like bounced and then it just flipped over. But as it flipped over, those wings came right off. Yeah. So, and it was on fire, but everybody inside was cool. They got out, Everybody got out. Yeah, But you, I always take my seatbelt off early and I think about that all the time before we land.


Like even before landing. You Take it, I it every now and again. Yeah. I'll be like, that's wild. The second we touch the ground, I snap that thing off. That's what I'm saying. The second you're proper landing, I'll take it off. I'll just, if they don't remind me to put it back on, I'll just, my dream is to surf the flight. To stand in the aisle and surf a landing. That'd be nice. That would be Decent. But if You are the seatbelt, if you're not wearing it, you'd be the one death. You know how embarrassing that that's I'm saying if it flips over, I'm like, I thought About that. I'm like, dude, This flipped. I would fall. That'd be a hard fault of the ceiling. So I, I would, yeah, I would, I would be done and I'd probably take out the lady next to me And in front and behind probably. Sure. All of the 88 passengers. 87 unscathed. Here's one guy fucking dead. Here's the thing though. One guy trying to be Cool, dumbass said he gonna fucking exploded.


Now here's his jump, jump the other way in the Crashes. But if you flip then they're all on the ceiling and their seat belts. Yeah. And then you gotta do that thing upside down and try to Like catch. Yeah. No surprised. Nobody fucking got racks On that. Which, that would be so far in my gut that I wouldn't be able to get it out. That would definitely have shit in my pants too. Oh Yeah. That would suck. I saw one guy though. There's footage of people getting out and a guy grabs a lady's butt on the line. I saw that. There's a part of me that was like Think, I think that he has to get him up. I know, but But he grabs her ex. Yeah. On the way out her up to get outta go get outta there end Or as she's, he gets her on the turn. Yeah. So it's not even like the push. It's like he's guiding, he guides her in and then he fucking honk. Yeah. He gives her a little honk. A little bowling action. Pretty Sure. I'm pretty sure that Guy was not straight though.


Probably not. We crunched those numbers. Male flight attendant. Asian male flight attendant. If we're being precise. Yeah. We're being precise. Little male cheer. He try, he probably hasn't done this like male cheerleading in while We've crunched those numbers. It's been like four months where every week, every couple of weeks. It's something I know if you, and if you go globally, I mean South Korea, they had like nine Asia. Asia's going nuts. Asia's been going nuts though. Nuts. Yeah. Those airlines crazy. I'm never going over There. That video, you see the video of the one last year? The guy he's filming himself and the one that went into the gorge. Fuck that. It's pretty quick. Yeah. Is it just Korean airlines that like all Asian airlines have been acting up? I think they typically act up over there. You think they, it's a funny way to call it Malaysia acting Up as they plummet to the ground.


You boys acting up out there really Playing a fool over there. Wouldn't you think they'd have that shit kind of all in lock Though, dude. You would think South Korea, everything's probably fucking tight. Meticulous. That's what I'm saying. I mean fucking, I think it's, It Might be, it might be an operator issue. Therein lies the problem. It's Bad something Wong. Oh man, we were just Talking about that. It's the funniest thing to ever happen in the world. So fucked Up Wong Something. What was the third one? Something Wong. We too low. And that was like bing Bow Al. Or like, it was like something about the crash, like The noise or something. I wonder who did that.


We were talking this morning. It was probably like an intern or something like that. That snuck that in there. That's so fucking funny. I mean, that guy should have got a writing job somewhere. Yeah. Didn't the one just straight up disappear one time too? That's Yeah. Disappeared. We too low. Holy fuck. Bang ding al bang, ding out. That's So fucked Up. Ding. Long. We too low. Anyone ever. Holy fuck Bing Ding al With the Malaysian airline. Everyone thinks they went in the ocean. What if they went into outer space? Whoa. That fucking, That's crazy, Matt. We never even, you're onto something. Have them stop the asteroid. Why? Exactly. Yeah. True. Maybe that's what they're doing, man. You are gonna find out 20, 32 Malaysian airlines.


How pissed would you be? You're on to vacation. That's how they pull. You are like, fuck What the outer baby. Yeah. I'd be serious. I got six pairs of underwear With me. I'd be serious. How'd you bring up Nexium? I'm gonna have wicked heartburn up there. Jesus. He's brutal to travel with. Constantly needs to do laundry and Shit. Oh, the fucking ozempic burp on a plane. Oh fuck. I thought, I think about, I think about that all time too. I thought the toilet was broken because we got all the guys like, it's not really flushing. Right. And we were in the front row. So I'm like, God damnit fucking smells like shit. I'm like, dude, I didn't, I'm like, if this is the whole flight, I'm gonna fucking, Fucking airlines falling apart, Man. Big bird, Dude.


Then we get down here, we're out front of the mother. Shit. This is like last year when we're out front of the mothership, we see people are like, yo, are you garbage? Like some we're like talking to them. Smells like sewage out there. I just think that's sixth Street. You know what I mean? And it's just like a fucking three weeks after mothership opened, we're sitting at the bar having a beer before our spots. And I'm like, the plumbing in this place, dude, what the fuck? The three places I had been with him in a row. I'm like, the sewage. God damn. And he goes, you smell that? I go, how the fuck can't you? And he's like, that's me. And I was like, and then he's like, do you think the van smelled that?


I was like, for sure The only the septic tank put in me. The only good thing is no one would ever think that's human. So like no one's ever gonna go. That's Foley. They're like, there's a swarming Broken. So that smell like shit when we were talking to those guys, damn, That's external influence. That's environment Burp. That's the real thing Then Ozempic. Burps. Yeah. I had it so bad. What? Yeah, the, 'cause some people, they're the, they don't get the side effects that bad. We're talking to Mike Eaton hosted the other night and he was he was saying that was That the kid getting them? He was, dude, he's got a guy Kid. We had host the show at the popup show at the Creek was doing street fucking Ozempic. He gets it from like a guy. Oh Shit. But he said he doesn't have problems with it.


And I know people that didn't have problems with it. I had it so bad where like shit would just, it just stops your stomach. Yeah. So my shit would just sit in there and fester. Oh. Like the lac pit just fucking bubbling up. It was brutal. And dude, it would, the burps were so fucking bad. We, me Burts were worse than the farts. Which is crazy. Whoa. I had a real bad, me and my wife flew to Greece and we came back and I got jammed up at customs and it was like an hour and a half line and it was like every 30 seconds. I was like, Try to do the fat girl blow out the side. And I would hear, I started to hear the people behind me go, what the Fuck? So I started, every time I would do it, I'd go, what the hell?


What the fuck you guys? That's Crazy. Someone got some bad meat in their bag or something. It sucked. Oh My God. The only one that ever smelled it was Ari. He was the only one brave enough. I was like, you're the only one I can answer this to. Would do You wanna smell one? He is like, yeah, go ahead man. You don't want any more of it. You don't want the smoke. It's like rotten eggs. Dude, You are dragon. You are dragging A proper dragons. Dragon's breath. Brutal. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, it sucks. And you were in line for, what was that? The word customs was Like, oh my god, God, I would've, I would've fucking killed myself if somebody was burping shit. And we were in a customs, customs line is maybe my least favorite place.


Would you lay into JFK? Oh, just fucking Afghanistan. Airlines just got off next to you. It's coming off worse than I want to, But you know what I mean? Come On. You should have lifted listed like in fucking Norway and also, yeah, Iceland Air or something. Australia's flows Motherfuckers too. Those cock suckers. I do get mad when the, when the international lines moving faster than the American line. Yeah. What the fuck are we doing here? Shut. It's Like I pay my taxes type shit. Really? Get gets you in the fucking gut. Yeah. But we were only moving in small increments, So I couldn't even like do it. You couldn't hide, get away. No bad. Had to keep that up for an hour and a half. Oh. Sipping a ginger ale. Praying it would go away. Ginger Your belly.


Get some Carbonation in there. Get those burps really going, Trying to kill this. Get that real ginger in there just floating around. Yeah. But when you would take ca when you, that was like when you were off, you were coming off of two weeks in fucking Greece. So you were eating like a fucking mania. It's, He would stay, it better turn than diet. When he would stay on top of it. It was a little better. But when, like on the road, it was just, we'd be in a minivan and You are just like, dude, we got have to pull over smells. Like one of those old cars that smells like sulfur. You know what I mean? Oh's, the far The farts were even worse. What? I You wouldn't know what it was a Burp. His It was crazy. It was. And they were like long and hot and just, it was like a gas leak.


He shit his pants on the tour bus That happens ozempic. It slows up your whole digestive system. Oh yeah. So like, everything just moves so slow. Yeah. And how, how much could you eat on that? Would it, did it like slow you down big time? Me or, Yeah. You, I could, I would press through it. I probably should have stayed on the Japanese. Say you eat till you're 80% full. Yeah. If I was maybe doing that, I would've been All right. But I would, I would push through it because at the time it, Japanese say that His Japanese neighbor says it. I mean Japanese, not all of the Japanese. It's called something in Japan. The Japanese. The Japanese neighbor. But I, the Japanese neighbor, it Wouldn't, it wouldn't hit until later.


So I like wouldn't realize how full I was till like a couple minutes after I ate and I'm like, oh, it gonna be bad. And it would just sit there, just feel it in your stomach. Just fucking like, it was like having a crockpot down there, just slow cooking, set it and forget it. Bad news is coming. My girl fucking hated it. Yeah. No. Yeah. Imagine having to sleep with that dude. That's crazy. How to get real defensive and bat in my seat. Pop. Like, what do you want me to do? This is my weight loss journey. Went Up to a machine keeping you alive, Fighting with a mask on. It's Not my fault. I remember Taking it off like, Bitch, Like reptiles.


Dude, if I, if I burped into my seated, You fucking, that's the funniest shit ever. Oh, did you burp into the machine at all? Oh Dude, that would, I would, that would wake me up in the middle of the night and be, what the fuck? Fucking Hot with himself. Wow. Be like punching out him an F 16. Just like, ah, Under the covers. Must have been nuts under the covers. Must have been Crazy trapped. A flavor. Just seven passengers of a cruise died. I remember one night she got up in the middle of the night and was like, I woke up and she was standing at the end of the bed. Oh, what are you doing? I'm Getting healthy. I'm doing this for you. Oh man.


Poor lady. I really wish I could have been a part of one of these burps. I know. I don't, but I just, it Smelled like, it smelled like its Eggs. I think about the emic burbs and going through a medicine ball every, all the time. I think about this every day, dude, the foli eating Ep burps on a plane. Oh, I just, I'd be so mad if I was on the plane because Sometimes when there, the noise of the plane and the air moving around, you can get away with murder up there. You Really can't. You Really can't. You really can you let one, you're building it up and you've got Your own fan for sure. Oh, Yep. You can fucking hit the aisle. You can hit the aisle. Directional. Yeah. Dead giveaways when you're moving the fan around.


But yeah, you do that one little test to see if it smells and if it's All right. Plus you got the seat and all that stuff. Yeah. You know, could be anyone, but man, sometimes you're just like, Fuck Yeah. Yeah. Wives, I will say, my wife punishes me when I fought on a plane. She goes, it was that you. And if, if I had far I'll laugh. I I can't not. Yeah, it's hilarious. Laugh hysterically if I did fart and someone smells it. So I'll be like, dude, shut the fuck off dude. Shut the fuck. Yeah. It's like, well, you're blowing up my spot. Why would you do this? I feel like it doesn't get that far Though. It doesn't, but when you see it hit someone, it's the fuck You see like A guy, someones snap reading the paper. Like Folds a crisp Wall Street Journal down. Yeah, It is.


Me and Butley were on a plane once and a little boy in front of us. Anytime either of us farted, he would turn around and go, oh. He would hit him and he would you see his face in the gap at the sea and be Oh, he thought it was like the funniest thing in the world. It was, It is the funniest Thing in the world. Oh, so you would see his face. He'd be, I mean, that would've been me if I was a guy. I, if somebody was behind me fighting like that, I'd be like, Oh, I would've been delighted. That was a real one. Oh fuck. And he would like say it to his parents. He'd be like, I think they farted again. They'd be like, shoot, stop. Sta. That was so funny. All Fucking bastard show. It was so funny.


Yeah. God damn dude. Man. Hot Day's. That's a fucking good podcast. Yeah. Thanks having Us. Thanks guys. Fucking hilarious dude. It's great guys. You are the best. We love you boys. Yeah, guys, fucking rule. We love you. Oh Yeah. He goes, you don't have anything to promote, right? Yeah. Yeah. Route 66, Special Route 66 special. Wasn't on our YouTube page. Check it out. Yeah. So we did, we, we, we, oh yeah. We did this whole big tour from Chicago to la I or any of the burbs and farts featured in this. He Shits some shits. His, we have him shitting his pants on like five different, I had Ozempic problems, CT V Ozempic problems the whole time. But we filmed all the shows. We filmed everything on the bus and all stuff. And we put it all together. Connor. Connor. Yeah. Directed. It's awesome. Fucking shot. It's, and edited the whole thing.


And we think it came out great. We think it's something different, something fun. So we're excited about it. When's it coming out? Route 66 comes out February 25th. Ooh. Fuck. Serious. Fuck it man. Where's it coming out? YouTube Channel. On YouTube. On YouTube Page. Hell Yes. Nice. So whenever this comes out, it could be there. It'll be coming out very soon. Nice man. Man. We're excited. Fuck. That's gonna be awesome. Gonna Be very good. Check it out.