
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wes. Yeah. Damn. Hello. How are you? Hello, Everybody. So people were causing you some Guff? Trying not to cry, bro. I got literally gardenia witnessed it from the start of the weekend, and the shows were fun. I was in Ball Sacramento in LGBT, ball Sacramento. I was in Ball Sacramento and LGBT, and Those are two good ones. They were great. The show's phenomenal. But from the dude, from the get go, we get to the Austin airport, we're early. I say, it'll be a nice treat. I'll take Sean. And Eagan brought Eism with me. I was like, we'll take Sean and Egan up to the American Airlines little club lounge.


Treat Them For two free guest passes. Yeah. Like, what a great way to start the day. I go in early, I'm, you know, I'm, I'm there. I'm, I'm just kinda like writing on my laptop. Sean texts me, he is like, you know, he text me like, Hey, we're outside. I was. So, I'm like, okay. Sean's outside. It's fucking mumble through text. They're, they're just kind of like milling around by that front desk. And I, and I, I'll be honest, I was like tightening a paragraph. So I, it was, they were there for like, maybe like four. How long were you guys there for? Like a minute. Yeah, they were there for a, a second. I wasn't trying to be a jerk. I was just locked in. Sorry about that. All right. Dopamine stack locked in. So I go out to let them in. I'm like, Hey, these guys with me. I believe I have two free guest passes.


And the lady goes, yeah, if you're a member at this lounge. And I go, okay, no big deal. I go, but I am. And I, you know, I coming out of it, I scanned in. She didn't scan in with me. I'm like, and then the lady I scanned in with comes up and goes, who'd you scan in with? And I was like, whoever was sitting where you are, I think you, yeah. She's like, I don't remember that. And I'm like, what do you guys think I'm lying? Like, I, I can assure you I didn't sneak in here. We didn't say that. I'm like, you kind of did. And I was like, anyway, here's my thing. But I definitely know. I was like, I even, I beeped in And you went, do you need help with anything else? So I think it was you. Yeah. She's like, I'm just saying I, and I was like, okay.


She's like, you're not in here. So the only thing I could think of is that I, I had guardini's and my boarding pass on my phone. Maybe I beep guardini's, but that's her. If I beep the wrong one, that's all her. So I'm like, look, whatever. We go into the lounge and I'm like, ah. I just wasn't sitting right with me. And I was like, lady, I'm not, I wasn't trying to be a dick. But like, you do realize you kind of accused me of lying to my face in front of my friends. You disrespected me in front of my friends. You Disrespected me in front of my, In front of the openers. That's something I cannot have you Undermined me in front of my Openers. Set an example for the Open. Next thing I know, they'll be doing an extra five. They'll be doing 30. Oh, They'll run the light Gini run the light. They'll be walking all over my fucking bits and tags. Yeah. Oh, I saw that joke you did last night.


I'm gonna do the same joke. I have a joke that's just like that. It reminded me. So I'm gonna open with that tomorrow. I love him not to go off track, but that is the best. Oh yeah. When an opener hears you do a joke, and then the next show, you hear him do a different joke, you go, that's fucking, it's the same topic. They didn't do that in the first show. It's like, oh yeah, your joke reminded me of my joke about that same topic, and I wanted to go before you. You All right. Perfect. You've Had some disrespect as well. I've had this exact dis experience that you remember. I sat down at a Cheesecake Factory and they were like, where did you get this seat? Who are you? I was like, I don't know.


I didn't just pick this. Somebody fucking walked me in. And the hostess was like, I've never seen this person in my life. I was like, what the fuck did you do that for? Why'd you just lie? Same thing, dude. And I was, I was hot, and I had to go back up to the lady and be like, dude, that was, that was kind of weird. You did that to me. Yeah. Like I, I'm, I'm not like, you know, I just wanna let you know, that was crazy. I'm not asking for like, you know, preferential treatment in here, but I'm like, don't do that. That was nuts. And I was like, And you scanned me in. Yeah. She was like, I don't remember that. It's like, that's not my fucking problem. So then we had a, Was this a white woman? Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah, Man, I, it was a Wall. I thought, yeah, if you were confronting a black woman like this, I would've been, bro.


I would've said hats off. Dude, I've been trained to trenches I'll, I Know that. I pulled no punches. I know you're out the mud. I'll pull. No, I did that one time back in Philly, in an old apartment, and a lady spazzed on me, and I, it's tough. Yeah. She spazzed on me, and I was just fucking the last Sam, I was the one dude. I was just kind of like, you have no idea, lady. Yeah. Virginia tricks don't work on me, Dude. I can absorb more of a black spazz, like none other dude. I was just sitting there like, The only black spas I really ever absorbed was in our old apartment. When that lady came back with her fucking big dog didn't kick us out. I just sat on the steps and I was like, oh, yeah. Oh yeah. The realtor that I, I had worked for that lady.


Yeah. Matt worked with this realtor, and they came back to like, evict us. I didn't give a fuck. I had $0. We were getting evicted from West Philly. I was just sitting at the top of the steps and they were downstairs, like right when they, they're like, you need to get out right now. And I was like, oh, do I, I was a fucking cargo on the steps. You're not supposed to be in here. Just like, we're not supposed to have a giant hole in our basement Floor. Yeah. Well, I'm in here. So what's happening? That was the best when our, our dishwasher was moldy. And I was like, yo, we have like mold in our dishwasher. You were like, No. She came in and she was like, I think we might have different definitions of what moldy. I was like, there's mold on the dishwasher. You're spraying bleach on it. What are you talking about?


What the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. Then did the lump man hook us up with a fridge? Yeah. Lump. Yeah, lump had lump connected the fridge. That was nice. Yeah, that was pretty sick. But yeah, then, so then I get on the plane and I've been doing a thing on the plane where like, I get on and they're seating the whole plane. So I bust my tray out, you know, I'm, again, just getting some writing done, just working. And then I think this might have been on the second flight, but this guy just is like, you know, big gay guy from the sky kingdom of gay guys in the air. And he just like, is It the stewardess Stewart? Yeah. Stuart. O the Steward. Steward. The Steward. The steward. The John Stewart. And he was a big, he was a big, he's kind of a big dog.


He was a fixed gay steward. Yes. And he, dude, literally, I'm like completely absorbed. And He goes, oh, I'm into that. Somehow Got hotter, Dude. He goes, we are waiting on you. I'm like, what? I snap out of working. I'm like, oh shit. My bad dude. And I like, shut my laptop. And I was just kind of like, what the fuck is going on today? Why's everyone shitting on me? And then we land, we get to ball Sacramento, we land and dude, we're outside the hotel. And this actually made me laugh, but a lady comes up, a homeless lady walks by and goes, move it or lose it. I was like, what the fuck? And then she did start laughing. She was kind of like, All right. She was in on it. She could feel the Yeah, she, she turned around and flashed.


Just such a sweet smile. That's funny. And I was like, dang lady. That was kind of funny. And then there, there was an older lady in like a mobility chair. I was telling Sean, I was like, I might hit her with a movie or lose it. You should have, it's the only way to break the curse. You gotta give it to somebody else crazy. Because everyone's disrespecting you. You have to disrespect somebody else. It Was in a 24 hour period. I've never sustained, just not, it was nonstop disrespect. I can't think if there was any, I don't know if there's anything else.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus. Hmm. I've got a wild story for you, Matt. There's this guy, Nathan, and the girl of his dreams is taking hostage. Whoa. He fights to get her back. But here's the crazy thing. He can't feel pain. Dude. Isn't this a plot of Novocaine? Yeah. It's the plot of Novocaine. The best new action movie. Seriously. Rated R, like all the good stuff. Stream Novocaine now@paramountplus.com.


I caught, I caught some strays on my flight home this weekend. Did you? Yeah. Just some fucking drunk guy sitting next to me or across the aisle. And he was like, I could tell you're somebody. 'cause I saw your lady friend that you're with, and then I saw you and I was like, what? I was like, oh, cool, man. Like, what the fuck was that for? Why would you say that to me? Yeah. I get hit with that all the time. Dude, last night we were out and a guy was like, oh, my friend looks retarded too. I was like, yeah, Cool Man. Thanks man. Can I have pictures? Yeah, for sure. Will you look retarded in the pictures? I don't have a choice. I'm gonna, let's get the picture.


That's The funniest request ever. They, I get it every day. That's when people are like, let's do middle fingers in the picture. I'm like, can we not, man? I know. Middle fingers. Yeah. Disrespected at Cabo. Bob, You got disrespected at Cabo Bobs? Yeah. I told Matt about this, and I told everybody besides you about this, but I was, What the fuck are you telling everyone else for not me? I didn't, I haven't seen you In a week. Disrespect. You Know, I miss you. There's another disrespect. Didn't mean disrespect you, I'm sorry, but Disrespect. It is me and all the, the big guys. So it's me, Lamar, Andy, pat, and our friend Jake Ricka. So is about, Is Jake thick too? He's about 1500 pounds. Man, with me at the Cabo Bobs, You guys can't get in an elevator.


No, absolutely not. It would've been final destination. Yeah. Nine, nine people limit. You go, we can't get in. There's Five. It's, some guy commented about how he was like, why are all you big guys hanging out with this little guy? It's just kind of weird to see. That's funny. He was like, you guys are all so big. And he's so little. Who said this to You? A random guy at the Cabo. Bob just said, not even, didn't even work there. No, No. He was just going to pick up his lunch and he commented on all of our sides outside. He saw you guys and, and it took me back. Probably thought it was some type of weird sexual, I kept drinking. He was like, there's their little humper. Yeah, that's, I was joking about that. I was joking about how I had a fat drawn carriage that took me around.


You do chill deep with the fats. I know. I, I never realized until that moment that it probably is a weird sight to see me hanging out with only people that are about four times bigger. You Have a plus size squad. I Do have Really do. Yeah. It was crazy, man. Disrespect. That was, that was pretty much it. The weekend was sick, otherwise the weekend was great. It was just nice. Just nonstop mounting, disrespect. Just one after the other. All the stewards were getting, Not the last lady, the last lady had, it was an older lady with braces. Very sweet. But all the stewards were just, It's hot.


Yeah, I know. Was she hot In runway? Yeah. Yeah. I would say she was, she was kind of a, she was a darling. Very nice too. I even, I was so just, just so beaten down from the weekend. I'm like doing my work before I, the plane loads and I like looked up at her one point and I was like, just let know when you want me to close this. I don't know exactly what I'm supposed to You're fine, sweetie. So, oh, Thank You babe. Babes with braces. They must be humble. True. Unless they get hit with a fucking shut up brace face. They have to be humble at all times. True. Nice braces. You 50-year-old fucking wow. Wow. Getting sexy for your fourth husband.


Nice. Now that's something we would say we were being mean. If I got attacked in Court, if I got attacked by a brace face lady. Yeah. I'd go, I don't know who you're talking to with those fucking braces in your mouth. She'd go, Jesus Christ, can you turn the other way? Your son's bouncing off those things, blinding me. Put on your rubber bands and shut the hell up. Adult braces are fucking sick. I love Them. I mean, to be rocking braces instead of invisaligns at this point. It's Awesome. Fucking, it's kind of a power move, Honestly. I know Terrell Davis had braces. Did he really? Yeah. He was the maim. Dang. Running back for the Broncos. You remember him was Tossing the brace? Yeah. Dude, he had fucking braces.


Game day 98. That was my go-to. Yeah, he was nasty. He was Awesome. Adult braces. They should come back. I'm my friend's dad got braces and it was fucking hilarious. That's wild. Yeah. I told you about my dad. They tried to get him to get braces and he was just like hell to the nall. Yeah. You can't wear braces at a construction site. Good war. He Couldn't even drive and not drive a pickup truck if he took, he had a little Ford Fiesta that's been, that's been passed down to Billy. Oh Yeah. Billy Was talking to me yesterday about a $9 million truck he wants to buy. It's his absolute Achilles heel. Yeah. He yearns for like door max the, the most gigantic trucks imaginable. It's crazy. He loves big trucks.


It's like a little fucking boy. He is. He loves, I Want a big Truck. He loves big, Big Boy Toys. He did have a nice answer. I was like, dude, why do you keep buying all these? Why do you want a huge expensive truck? He is like, I just like them and they're my favorite things. I was like, that's fair. I was like, well, that's totally fair, man. He's like, it's the one thing I like in this entire world. I want a big truck. All right, man. He does Love big trucks. That's Big trucks. It was big trucks. He was hit. He was, I had rented, what the hell did I, I had some sort of a wagon ear, I think when I was in Philly. Hops in. He goes, dang this. He's like looking around. Oh, this is a wagon. They're so nice. Dude. The Escalade's probably like 160 degrees. It's crazy. I'm like, stop, gimme truck prices. New Escalades are sick though. Are they? Yeah. Yeah. They're on his radar. He's like, they're fucking 160 degrees. They're crazy dudes.


Oh my dude. That's The least practical truck for where he or vehicle for where he lives too. I Told him, get a little beater, bro. Get the bucket. Get in the bucket. That's all he needs is a little bucket. I'm surprised you're whipping that accord. You're a millionaire, Sean. Shit, I get you're the richest guy ever. Oh, I'm not. It's so crazy. It would Be cool to roll around and escalate. It would look ridiculous, Especially if you pulled up in the escalated five. If all my fat, fat, fat got out as a big boy toy, the fat mobile, five fat, fat mobile, five fats stumbling out. Everyone's arguing.


You gotta set up a trust for your fats. What do you mean? You gotta set up a trust? What are they gonna do when you're gone? I Don't know. They are suckling off you All your ad revenue. I like the Accord. It's nice. That is a nice car. The Accord is nice. Gets me where I got to go. Bit of a splurge. I'm more of a civic man myself. But Yeah, you could have got a civic. You don't need all that space accord, but I get it. Once those checks start rolling in, it's five. Great. Just Luxer. I love Don. I love telling the group chat how rich you are. It Bothers me. All the New York, we're in a group chat with the most evil New York comics. Yeah. Vampires Brothers. They are vampires.


They fucking, they're like, Austin comedy sucks. I screenshotted the seller lineup yesterday. I was like, new York's sick. This fucking garbage lineup. The purists. They're such purists, dude. Yes, the purists. Oh man. We might be getting some Chantilly lace coming up. Oh, I know that. What's that? That would Be so awesome. One of the ultimate vampires is Lev.


Guys, this episode is brought to you by PrizePicks. The basketball playoffs have been unbelievable and the action is still heating up on PrizePicks The best place to cash in your favorite sports. Matt, what do you think about the playoffs so far? Who do you have winning all? It's been surprising me. You've been surprised. Everyone's been saying, saying the Celtics were the best And you know, I don't know. Not anymore. The Knicks beat 'em. Exactly. Yeah. So, so yeah, I'm like, like, what the heck? The Knicks. Yeah. Who else do you like? I, I've, I think the OKC Thunder. Yeah. That's a good pitch. Yep. I think I've been here. I've been hearing there, you know, they could, they could win It all. Shane Gillis, Alexander going against the Ant Man. Are there any particular teams or fixtures that you've enjoyed? You know, I, I've been, yeah, I think about the Knicks a lot. I think Knicks, that team. The Knicks are fun. Yeah, that's a good team. Pacer is a classic series. It's Dude, it's just, I've been in like, Matt, what the heck? I think it's time you cash in on the basketball playoffs with PrizePicks. Don't miss your last chance to add your favorite players from the court to your PrizePicks lineup. Whether it's points, rebounds assist. Take your pick of more or less for your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash today. How much money do you have now? Imagine at times 2000. Dang. That would be nice. Yeah. That would change things. You'd be able to get a bunker. This is what I'm thinking. Sample picks. I'm gonna go Caitlyn Reese Less Points or Angel Reese. Less points. More Rebounds. More rebounds, though. She does get bored, dude. Yeah, that's what I think. There you go. All right. You heard our picks. Now it's time to lock in. Your playoff picks with PrizePicks. Don't miss out on Flex Friday. Make sure you opt in and tap the check box in your lineup builder to be eligible for the protected play. I love protected play. Me too. Jk. I love unprotected. Play two squares from any game on the board. If your lineup, if your lineup does not win, you get your net losses back in. Promo funds up to your promo limit as soon as the lineup settles. I'm telling you, PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into Cash. You can submit your picks in 60 seconds or less. It's so easy. I'm doing it right now. No, I'm not. Or am I? That's what they wrote. I didn't think that was funny. I don't, I don't want you guys who listen to this podcast looking for comedy to think that that's the type of shit I'm Dish Out. All right. Download the app today and use Code Drench to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code Drench to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Oh, yeah. Now it's time to plug shows. July. I'll be going to, I I added a bunch of shows, so please come to 'em. I'm gonna go to Oklahoma City August 8th. I'll be in Louisville. But yeah, Oklahoma City and Louisville are the, are the ones I'd really like you to buy tickets to. I thought the OKC Thunder fans would be fucking excited to let loose for a comedy once they're done with all these, these playoff games. True. You know? Yeah. They're very stressful now. It's starting to let loose with the comedy show there. Totally agree. How about you, Sean? Do you have anything cool coming up, bud? Yep. I just have get in Front of the camera. Yeah, true.


You're a millionaire Now. I'm Not a millionaire. I'm not a millionaire, but I do have a show at Cap City Comedy Club. I have two shows. May 30th and 31st at Cap City Comedy Club, Sardinian Friends in Austin, Texas. Please come to those if you can. The link is below and also Optimum Nous on June 3rd. The link is below. I don't think I ever told you you could post your links. You've been Doing it. The link is on my page, on my own personal page. If you'd like to Come. Link the link's below. The link's below. The link is below. Thank You guys. Yeah. Hell yeah, Bud. Also, Ontario, California, huge weekend. June 26th. The 28th. I'll be taping my special at the Ontario Improv.


Yeah. Oh boy. Coming up. So please come to that. It'll be a lot of fun. It's gonna be Thursday through Saturday, so fuck Yeah. It's live taping and I've seen the new hour and it's very good. Thank You. Yes. It's your best hour yet. I'm excited to see it again. Thank You. But I'm excited to get it over with In live Panties in the mouth. June 20, may 25. Where, Where At? At speakeasy. At speakeasy. Here in Austin. Yep. Here In Austin, Texas. Live. Panties in the mouth. Live panties in the mouth. Are you guys gonna do Bay the year award or what's going on here of the month? It's just month still. Just The month We do baby of the month now it's usually baby of the week. All the winners. Okay. Do the, and then you have a to a tournament in front of a live audience. Yes. And They put a cookie, then they put a cookie on the floor. Horny pieces of shit.


If you want to go to the speakeasy, you meet with the Horniest guy. There's got Horny Guy Meetup at the speakeasies. All right. I just, I just pray the disrespect stops. I was like, I was sitting there the other day, I was kind of high and I was just thinking about all the evil against me. There's not a lot, but there is, there's like, if you really zoom out and like, there probably isn't any given time, just people spewing evil, just about your name and likeness all the time. I like, it hit me how the overwhelming scale and I was just kind of like, I just had to make peace with it. I was like, I wish them all well, anyone who wishes evil against me, mostly airline attendance. I wish 'em well. I had to just, I was like, I wish 'em well. Even though they're speaking evil on my name.


I thought about yeah, the evil being sped yesterday when I left the green room at the mothership, What Happened? I was like, as soon as I leave this room, I guarantee Yeah. Little evils fucks up there going fucking piece of shit. Just Five minutes of people making faces at each other. Like not even talking fucking yeah. Great. Be sick to bug that Thing. It probably is bugged probably time. It probably is. Dude, I think the CIA is on Joe. Rogan's Ass. Dude. I was talking to him. I was talking to him. It was funny. Last night I was like, we should go to that Oasis concert in Mexico City.


And he was like, yeah, So I can go get kidnapped. Good call. I was like, yeah, I forgot. I forgot. Like, I'll get kidnapped right away. Oh, we didn't even get to talk about the Mexican Navy. What Happened? Oh, it Crashed. You're gonna love it. How was the Mexican Navy? No. Was that an incursion? Yeah. They tried to attack you. They, they got stopped by our first line of defense. Our bridge. Is there a belly room? Is there like a belly room underneath it of just 50,000 weed wacker motors? Just bro. Did you see the footage of it? Yeah. They Were standing on the mask.


They were were, dude, they were dudes everywhere. Did someone In the crow's nest? The, the whole gang? I don't think there was one person piloting the ship. Everyone was standing on the mast. They were like holding hands on the mast. It was the first time I saw it. I was like, I don't think they know how to ride a boat. They're standing on the wrong part. They shouldn't be up there. What were they, were they coming into like, they're like pirates. They, they booty. Their booties are their booties. Just jobs. A ar The sight's up ahead, Metiss. Oh, grab your brooms, grab your wheel. Betters Metis. Oh crap.


Oh, just, I know. It was the Mexican Navy. Yeah. They're they're fucking stunting on us. What the Fuck, Man? There's no show of force. They said, you guys wanna talk shit on Mexico? Check this shit out. We got fucking cannons. We got fire ship. They Ever fit the plunder. They were trying to plunder. They fucking, I we ran up fucking ground. You're just in your house and your wife, you're like, get back. I gotta protect my ger. They go from my Gers. They did come from the gers, but then I'm hitting the fucking burge, the fucking, the Brooklyn Bridge. Was that the Golden Dome Trump was talking about The Brooklyn Bridge. The Brooklyn Bridge.


Yeah. That's our new Iron Dome. The Golden Dome is so funny. I didn't know what he was calling it. The Golden Dome. That's, he's Calling it the Golden Dome. It's Snow dam dude. He's exactly right. Oh, The, The Golden Dome. That's, yeah. That's all, that's what we need right now. We need domes. The Mexicans standing on the mass. It's crazy. That's insane. Where were They going? Where did they think? I think I heard they were headed to Iceland. For real. They were like, All right, this ship's headed to Iceland next. What? And they fucking got hit by a fucking bridge. I felt bad for the Mexicans. Were they, when they crashed into the ridge, A couple of 'em died. Did they really? Yeah. Dudes standing on the fucking mask.


True. Yeah. They got, Yeah. Two guys. A lady and a dude. There's a lady up there. Yeah. I recruit a, a young 20-year-old and a 45-year-old man died. There's A lady in the, and they're all, they're like official sailors in the Mexican Navy. Yeah. Oh, 20 and 23. Yes. Damn. They were American, huh? Oh wait, her name was America. Nevermind. No, her name is Frill America. Yeah. All right. P that's fucked, Man. I bet not to be rude at this point and objectify somebody who died, but she sounds hot. Yeah. You, I, if I were, if I were a high up in the Mexican Navy, I would name my hottest daughter.


America for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And that's again, dang. That sucks. True. You're here, you're like, Hey man, lemme see your like, dude, my name's fucking, I'm literally America. My name's America, actually. I mean, she could have been Captain America. I die. That's crazy. Yeah. I just saw like a quick glance of that bridge, that thing cracking in the bridge And was like, and everybody, you know, there's like influencers underneath taking pictures and then a boat comes and everyone was laughing when they got hit. Literally everyone was down there laughing and running. Damn. And the lads were hanging from the mast. They were tied. I think they were like tied up there. You probably tied off. They were like hanging on.


Yeah. Yeah. Probably lanyards going on. Dang, That sucks too, because you're up there and fucking hanging onto a mast. You're going, I, I guarantee we're gonna hit that fucking bridge. You had a lot of time to be like, we're headed right at that bridge. There's no way we're getting under that. Yeah. Drop the anchors. This article says them being up there is a tradition, s a which is a traditional ritual. They're secured by harnesses to the Yeah. Top with their arms wide open. And I don't, it's, they're Almost wide open. That's the Mexican constitution. It's just the OSHA 30 man s the ocean. 30. Dude, that is fucking wild. Dude. A helicopter crashed into ho's backyard.


Yeah, dude. A helicopter. He sent me a picture crash landed in his backyard. I think. I think they survived. But imagine of all places that crash into hos in the Backyard. The most, the biggest, he must've been going nuts. Oh, dude. Just hammering you. He's probably running Around hammering you with quite what the, what the hell are you guys doing out here? You wake up, you're like, oh, what the fuck? He's like a Jack Russell. Yeah, he is. If like a car comes in front of his house, he must sprint around the house. Be like, who is that? What's going on here? Who is, who's here? Yeah. Crashing. Crashing into ho's world is so funny, man. Yeah. I don't know what the hell is going on. You Probably thought they died. They're probably like, oh, this is the hell. This is the devil.


What were you guys even thinking? You can't Drive? What the hell is going on pussy? You're like, no. Yeah, man, that's, I don't know what's going on with people. Is it, is it the smartphones? Dude, You think it's the 5G taking down the, Or just the distraction or again, it's like there's the thing, like this always happens, but, but also like, like, because they say like when things happen, the media starts to focus on them. But it's also like, dude that's two crashes in just the northeast Philly, or No, he doesn't live in northeast Philly. He lives out there. But there was one in northeast Philly. In the Philly area. Yeah. There's been two crashes. It's like, I've never heard of that. Man. I think about that jet a lot.


Oh God. That thing came steam and right along, Yeah. Exploded. It was a rocket. The hell's going on. Yeah. I mean, I, I just, every year I'm hopeful. I go, please man. I think I'd rather be on the rocket than the fucking Mexican boat though. The rocket was fast. The boat just fucking harnessed to a mast. Seeing the Brooklyn bridge come at you for fucking 20 minutes. Yeah. Going, I don't know. So, You Know, apparently Asian pilots have a big problem. I was actually, when I, when I went, no, no. I swear to God. Because of, of the like, honor culture. We, when you were gone, I did an, I like just did one of those zooms with a bunch of bros and there's a guy in air traffic control.


It's pretty sick. He zoomed in from air traffic and in the tower he was in the tower. That's not Good. No, he said, he said, and he did. He's like zero nine Roger's the guys that got And you dig go. Jesus Christ. But Jesus Christ. But he was saying that there's a problem with the, like, honor codes among Asian pilots where the Co-pilot Yes. The older, older pilots. Yes. And young. Yeah. And yeah, this is a common thing. And Yeah. Where they're like, they can't speak up against an older guy that's fucking up. Yeah. There's an epidemic of just single anime beads. I don't know how true that is because I've heard it really, it's, yeah. It's like an urban legend, I think. I don't know. I knew it before you told me it. I've heard this.


I know it's their culture, but I don't think one, it's true. I really doubt it's true. I don't know, dude, they stab themselves in the bellies. Dude, if they get embarrassed, I don't think they've been doing that for a long time. They don't stab themselves in the bellies. They stop doing that. I think it, I think if you're in a plane crash or like something's fucked up in 2025. I think honor goes out the window. I hope. Dude, they got Like K-pop and shit now. They're not. You're you're thinking old Asians. Yeah, but that's the, you're, These are young Asians. You're thinking cool hip, young Asians with sunglasses being like, oh yeah, Whatever. No, but they have that. That's in the world. They have fucking anime and shit now. True. They're, they're all about disrespect. They've Turned bad boys. I don't think so. The hat's turned backwards.


They're bad boys. Isn't it all anime about like a young guy being like, I'm no longer your fucking pupil. Yeah. But then he has to undergo tests that like, you know, it's all about tes. I think the big test is, is the plane going down? It's time for me to fucking rise up and go, please hit that button. You gotta go super cyan to tell the older, the older The left engines out. Oh, I said it. Yeah. I'm telling you, I used to witness it when I worked in the Korean beer distributor. The guy would like, bro, I'm not lying. He was, he was the boss of the whole place. He owned it. And he would put his feet up on one of those little plugin radiators. And I watched him knock a cup on the floor and like another guy came, younger guy came and picked it up.


He just went like that. And I was like, damn. Didn't say a word. Just like, oh Sue, I think you could do that here. You think I could lure out? I think knock one of those cups over K ball. I could get God dog will go. Like, Now you have his little split thing. No, he's too rich. Who Does he think I am? Yeah. He is too rich. Powerful. God. He's too rich and powerful. Two more, two more years of this Spotify money. And I will be, Lord. They are moving in on us. They, They've Been fucking gaining strength. He's gathering a small Army. He is gathering, they're moving in. They wait patiently. They go, well these guys are about done.


Just have his apartment having soon freak Offs. Soon. Be you guys better. LA me had some freak offs when I was gone. What? For Sure. Oh yeah. Have you been following that trial at all? A little. I've, I've been hearing it. Yeah. I haven't, I haven't. I heard, did he like to clean up? Say what? Swapping the, you're talking about swapping The D I think he swap the decks. Oh No, That was So, I didn't hear that from the trial that somebody told me that that was in the trial. So I don't know if it swap. I think he swapped the decks. I think that was one of his things. But we were laughing about earlier, just that poor lady's husband's in the trial. He's listening. I know, bro. I Know. Now obviously he's into it.


You think? Definitely. Okay. There's no, there's no way. I mean, day one you would've went, I'm out. Yeah. He's obviously like, I knew this about her. Yeah, true. I would like, I would like a, you know how they do those, like courtroom drawings? Yeah. It'd be funny to have him in the back, like dark red face with smoke coming out of his ears. Oh no. His thought bubbles coming out of his head. Yeah. That's pretty wild. 'cause yeah, they're like, that's the defense. I guess they're, they're hitting her with like, And you fucked this guy too, right? She's like, yes, I did. The problem is there's so many texts of her like saying she liked it Getting freaky.


Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that. So there's A problem. She was saying like, yeah, and they called 'em Foss. She, she would be be like, when's our next fo She would be like, yo, we need to do a freak. Because she would like be like, Damn, Diddy, please. Diddy. No, apparently his Allegedly, I have no idea For sure. Yeah, no, there was, yeah, there, there Bill. That's the whole case being like, bro, the problem was he lied about hitting her in that video of him beating her came out. It was tough. Which again, if you're a Diddy's defense, you go, okay, he hit his wife. Sorry, like, let's press charges on that. But not sex, not sex trafficking. So that's, but yeah, the texts are damning. Yeah, but I, I saw there was a thing from his former assistant that stated like, you know, he got in there and they were like, bro, we're we're, this is his kingdom.


We are here to serve. And then it like, kind of jumped to the fact that there's a video of him dancing around like a fool on Molly. He said he, and they were like, were you partying? He goes, I was drunk off the Ciroc. I had taken Molly. Don't Name your brand. He Goes, I was Diddy flipping. He literally, he goes, Diddy bopping. He goes, I was Diddy bopping. And he literally in front of the judge under oath goes, yeah, I was vibing. Like he was vibing at the fo But he goes, he kind of like, I don't know if he was trying to paint the picture, like he was kind of forced on you to like party down like that. Which is like, you could've just said no. Yeah. He was like, I kind of had to vibe in order to keep the job. So that that's not, it's kind of, it's kind of starting to look like, from my perspective, that everyone was having a great time at these Diddy parties, which I've said all along.


I'm like, look, you might, there might've been evil, evil stuff going on, but I do think people were partying down. It's, you know, it's a giant or drug fueled Orgy. Yeah. They were talking about like four day sex parties. Yeah. That's when you, You ever have sex for an hour? I don't think so. You Go, this blows. It's, it's so much. Yeah. No, there, this is like, when you need like, stimulants and electrolytes having sex. I'm fucking three minutes. You better get yours. 'cause I'm gonna get mine. I'm about to freak off right now. I'm about To freak off. I have a freak. I had a couple freak off. I've been in a hotel for a week. I was having nothing but freak off down in Atlanta, Just getting electrolytes going. I Was getting, I was fucking just jacking off in a hotel room for 10 days.


Jeez. Swapping the deck. Sometimes you gotta swap the deck like a cat before bed. You go like, Hey Matt. Oh man. Yeah. That trial, I guess that's gonna fall apart. I guess, you know, if you get the text. 'cause again, the sex trafficking has to be, they have no idea. Like, you have to be tricking them into taking them. I, we get a little, I feel like we throw around sex trafficking a lot. It's Definitely brought The state lines are really, yeah. You know? Yeah. But it's also like, yeah, it is definitely broadened. So I call a lady from, you know Yeah, Montana. Yep. And I don't explicitly say I wanna have sex.


Yeah. Then we have sex. Eh, it's, you're in, you're in the gray area. If you say, Hey, let's just sit here And you wanna chill and watch a movie, do you Wanna watch me play Xbox for a weekend? Trafficked, Congratulations. You've been trafficked by the best. I thought we were going to, I thought we were gonna game. You just got tricked by one of the all time traffickers. Yeah, it's pretty, it's pretty wild, man. But yeah, I don't know. Here, here's my, the thing is, if he, if he gets off, like say he, you know, say his defense, they, you know, they rally they get him off. He's gonna have to team up with ye if he gets off. That's exactly what I was saying. He's gonna have to, There's no choice. He's gonna have to become a Nazi.


I mean, either way he might have to become a Nazi if he goes to jail or if he right now did. He's in full Nazi territory. He just has to be a Nazi. I wonder if Kanye's music has reached the prisons. I think So. I think they're getting, I wonder If the he could unite the abs and the blacks. Whoa. And because the whites are, ooh, the Latinos Are in trouble. If the blacks Nazi, the whites are aligned with the Mexican navy as well in prison. The Mexican navy, The whites and the, the Mexicans ride together. Yes. But he could unite the factions. I mean, again, you know, people keep acting like that's genuinely a summer banger. It's like, it is not a summer banger. Let's be real. Yeah, you're right.


I don't think it's, that Is, do you think that's the summer? I mean, again, I'm, I'm putting you in the hot Seat, but the only, I'm not in the hot seat, but I'm pretty sure he sampled all quiet on the western front. And that's all it took for me. I've been waiting for somebody to sample that fucking noise. It happened to be in the worst song possible, but first time I listened to it, I heard The D and I was like, oh, here it comes. And then it went right into, I was like, oh, shit. When that, when that Deon end kicks in, I remember I, I saw the video being premiered on one, like the guy's stream, one of the streams. Yeah. And I remember being like, fuck. But then it goes right back into just kinda Like, it's got quiet on the western front something. Oh, That's kind of tight. I think that's it, right?


You're right. Yeah. He's, I haven't heard anyone bring it up, which I'm surprised they haven't. I didn't know that was all quiet in the western front. As soon as I heard it said, that has to be the, so, you know, stop doing This to me. Yay. Don't make it the coolest thing possible. Yay. Can somebody play the music? Kanye? It, it is the all quiet. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Oh wow. I knew it. I could feel it. I could feel it.


Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business from designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond. Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


I mean, yeah. And yeah, he's, he could if, if he's got something else up his sleeve, because that's obviously my thing is like, you know how It just came up right away on my Yes. All right. I can't play it. But That's the thing. What I'm saying is it's Pretty easy to find. If I open Twitter, it's playing. Oh Yeah. It's everywhere. My thing is if he, if he dropped one that you can actually play somewhere. That would've been I think, kind of devastating. Obviously, you know, he got, he, he got his message across loud and clear by his song.


But I'm saying for more, I I, I mean, I don't know why I'm even saying like he needs some, he needs to come out with a more broadly popular. I think he's over that. I think he's been there, done that. Now he's kind of more in a niche. Yeah, now he is. Yeah. Yeah, I do. Yeah. People were wondering how he was gonna top, I suck my cousin's dick. No one's even talking about that. People are going, there's no way he can top that. Yeah. Imagine announcing that to the world and then the next week everyone's like, yeah, yeah. Fuck that. Check this out. And you're like, it's pretty wild. People Aren't bringing that up. He might have regretted I suck my cousin's Dick song and gone, we gotta hurry up and get in the studio. We gotta make these people forget about Suck my cousin's Dick song.


Yeah, but dude, where did he find the guys in the video? You see the dudes in the wolf costumes. They're down, bro. I mean, for sure. But those Guys are all about it. I know, it's crazy. That's a weird casting call. It's like, bros, let's go. Because his casting call was, yeah, man. I think he said Man at blacker than LeBron minimum. Which is such a funny, I think, I don't know if it was that exactly, but wasn't ai. Oh, that wasn't ai. No, those were, those were real Nazis. Those Dudes. That's a silent, that's been a silent battle for a while. That's Gotta be tough for you.


LaMere with your fucking will be Goldberg View sensibilities. Yeah. It's gotta be hard for you to see this. It is Been, I haven't even, I I've been off Kanye for like two years now. I know. Yeah. I mean, Is it off him, you're saying? Yeah. I haven't even heard this song yet. Our Uber driver, You haven't heard it yet, was blasting. Yeah, I still haven't heard it yet. You know it. Oh, you Not the Nazi song. Oh God damn. Our Uber driver was just blasting Kanye. So he was, you know, he's not off him. I'm still listening to Kanye. His songs are great. Yeah. Yeah. Songs are great. They were, yeah. It was a nice little playlist he had going on. Yeah. The problem is with the new song is it does get stuck in your head a little. It Completely does.


Yeah. It's fun. Showing my wife, I was like, check this out. And she just got to be like, what the fuck It, it is fun to show people. Yeah. Like, there, I was so happy. He goes, I haven't heard it yet. I was like, oh, you haven't heard it yet. Wait till you fucking hear this. You're literally not gonna believe it while it's playing. You're gonna go. So wait, is he a billionaire or not? He keeps saying he's a billionaire. Then I hear like he just like, doesn't even have, he can't even have a bank account. I, that'd be tough to, I think he's allowed to have a bank account again. Can he? Yeah. I think they took it away the first time. That's Crazy. That was crazy. Yeah. You can't do that. We gotta pass a law or you can't, you can't do that. You can't take everything from someone. Yeah. You can't just take it's bad words.


Bank account. Yeah. That's crazy. Well, that only happens, I know. In certain Situations, but Yeah. Well, he's Matt, Wait a second. Hold on. Who's that one group? Matt? Let's switch this. Yeah. What else is going on? Nate was defending Angel Reese with me in a text that was pissing me off. Nate loves Angel Reese. Nate's fucking gay. Yeah. Kailyn threw a shot, man. Fucking angel ing flopped.


It was just a regular basketball play. Come on, man. I Wasn't defending Angel Reese. I, not once. I just, huh? Didn't She push her shit outta a Kailyn Teammate too? She pushed her hard Us And you Rece. I got a feeling, I got a feeling Lae is a Kaitlyn Clark lover this time. Yeah. Yeah. I, I wasn't, I wasn't, that was a, she, she did a, she pushed her in the back and then kind of flopped. Caitlyn's all small compared to Andrew. She definitely flopped. Yeah. Nah, Well she was a, I it looked like she was attacking. Well, not, you know, she was like doing a hard fail. It was hard. Clark teammate, she couldn't get the shot up and then Clark was like, kind of broke in, like get off her.


Yeah. She made a play on the ball and everything. Like it. That was, that was a, that shouldn't even have been, I think they gave it a, like a flagrant fo or something like that. Or a Technical. It was, it was a pretty, it's also it's girl's basketball. Yeah. So it's pretty, it was a hard fail. I Think it was the Trump card. Every single time, anytime people get a, like a heated argument about this, you go, What are we doing Here? Guys arguing about girls' basketball. Hey guys, what are we even doing here right now? Let's go look at some trucks, some Big Boy Toys. We Could look at Big Boy Toys. We Could be looking at Big Boy Toys and we're bickering. But yeah, that's, I mean it's kind of nice that that's, were you guys excited at all to see Angela Reese beating up on, What's her name?


Angel. Angel. Oh my bad. Angel Reese beating up on Kaitlyn Clark. Be honest. When you saw it, did that like stoke any like tribalism? No. Not, not you. Not you. Not You. Dude. Not You. Dude. We're All black production staff now. Did you hear about that? What? Red-haired people are black now. It's a big Thing out. Oh yeah. I thought I saw that True. So as No, I did not Like that. Damn it is fucked up. You're the only white member of the production and you're the richest and the only one that gets paid a million dollars. I'm not what? That's crazy. The other guys get paid in Chipotle every other week. Chipotle every other week is good. Dude, You are the COO dude.


Chief Operations Officer. You Are. He's the heart and soul of this. It'll be funny to edit all this out anytime we talk about you being rich, it's just edit it. I'll never notice. I'll never know. It's crazy. Yeah, that's, I saw that go. What else is going? Is any, is there any like controversy? The sports world Quiet now. It was all Sdo Sanders then It was, It was all Sha now it's this week. It was Caitlyn Clark. Angel Reese. Yeah. That Was the Big one because black pundits started going back and forth. What were they fighting about? RG three?


RG three was just saying Angel Reese clearly is jealous and hates Kaitlyn Clark. And then Ryan Clark jumped in and was like, you have a white wife, dude, shut the fuck up. Oh. And then black people had to pick sides. Damn. Yeah, You can, you can speak on WNBA. I can. You're allowed to. I sure. I'm not, you're the only one in the room who can speak on WNBA. I know you can't. I know you can't either. No one in the room can talk WNBA other than that, just me. Did you see the clip of a camera and Mace talking about Paul Pierce, Paul Pierce's remarks about why NBA players like tend to date white women?


No. What was it Dude, it was the first like two and a half minutes. Mace was, I guess remote zooming in from like an Airbnb. And then they had, I, I forget the other guy's name. I, I don't know who he was, but I, I believe he was a basketball player. But he, they both have, well, NA doesn't have Abla. They both have black wives. And so when they were asking about like, what do you think about that? They both laughed and neither of 'em would talk. And like, and he is like, well, and they kept like, go ahead and take this. And then he, Cameron was, Cameron kept it real as hell. He goes, you motherfuckers are proving the point, dude. You got the pit boss le leaning right over you right now. And Karon started talking about how he loves using it to his advantage with white women like you did.


Hold my people down. Go get me a fucking sandwich picture There. It was funny just watching them giggle for two minutes. They're The funniest dude Ever. They're unbelievable. They're un unmatched. Yeah. We gotta get, we gotta get them on the, we gotta get them on the pot. They're so Good. But yeah, it was just Mason, a kitchen just kind of like, oh, it's pretty complicated. He goes, I can't talk right now. It was unbelievable. But that's a big thing that pops up. There's a lot of black dudes that are, they get a, they just go online and they're just like, this is why we date white. And they love just bashing queens, dude. They do bash the queens. They talk about how white women are subservient. Yeah. They talk about that a lot.


Yeah. I've heard Charleston White go off on it. It's very funny. It was really funny. It was Unknowably funny. Yeah, it was a, it was very fun. It was very fun to watch them just kind of dancing around in Airbnb. Just being like, man, Yeah, You go ahead and take it. Nah, you go. And he goes, I'm look man, I'm, I've been happily married. I don't know about this, but you know, it was really funny. But it is, it is a hot issue, man. It sucks. My thing is like, it sucks. You can't like, just to have like some, you know, smut like put towards your wife for having a, a white wife. That's, you know, that hurts my heart. It's crazy. You guys need to work on that.


Why is it, why is it, why is it our fault that the white ladies like us? It's not your fault. You, But You like them too. I say it's a mutually bene I think. I think people like people. People love people. Yeah. I also think RG three's right. Ryan Clark was kind of being a dick because he was wrong. He went nuclear because he was wrong. There's nothing wrong with that. Losing an argument and going, you know what, fuck you. You have braces. All right, I see why. I see why RC hit the fucking eject on the combo. I'm gonna change the topic right now. Don't you have a fucking white wife Plain in the snow.


Shannon Sharp, fucking Shannon. The sharp got fucking frostbite. Yeah, He got, he was out in the gold. Do long whatever happened with that. They're still in court. They're still in court. Yeah. Frees all the black guys outta court. All the black guys are Goddamn court. I wanna to a speedy trial for that. This is not getting a speedy trial. God damn free. All the black guys are getting some pussy for, for wants to Yeah, they're finally getting pussy. And now the goddamn entire judicial systems fucking weaponized against him. I know you can't lick cum off your wife anymore. You can't hire a bunch of male prostitutes when train your wife and lick it all up. ATT party Can't lick a bunch of cum off your wife.


Did anyone even check if any of these were his birthday party? What if it was his birthday weekend? Your Honor, it was his birthday. Hold on. Talking about, I need to talk to my attorney. It was My birthday party. That One was actually my birthday. Strike that from the jury. Disregard that that was his birthday. Yeah, those male prostitutes had to be super hyped to like show up and Cassie's there. 'cause Cassie's like top 10 most beautiful women. Yeah. Male prostitutes are Only top 10 most beautiful women in the world. Yeah. Yeah. And They're not anymore. They're Putting, their stock is plummeted. They're also as a male prostitute. Most of your day is like blowing gay guys.


They, they finally, you know, you get the call, you go, Jesus Christ. Thank God I've been, wait, wait for this. I've been swabbing the deck all Day. You swabbing the deck, and then you get in there And you see Cassie. You go, this is gonna be great. And then Diddy comes outta the closet And you go, oh shit. Fuck. Who, fuck. You have to fucking swab the deck again. God dammit. Dang that. What a battle in court. Just the most like harrowing sexual experiences just coming to light. You go, ha ha got her. Oh shit. I remember that. Fuck. Just back and forth for the whole country stuff. Tough. Yeah. It's a fucking nightmare. It's a genuinely, It's a nightmare. Yeah. It could be why Epstein killed himself.


Maybe it wasn't, he had too many secrets. He was just like, this trial is gonna be so fucking embarrassing. I know. I have so many texts that just suck. Yeah. The Egg that would keep you awake at night. You go, dude, That one clip of the egg shape, that was a brutal Clip. Yeah. Egg shaped dong. Egg Shaped dong was brutal. Yeah. You know what, I'm done with this shit. We can talk about me being a child, sex predator. All you like, don't talk about my egg-shaped penis. Leave my egg out of this. That's It. That's it. That's enough. I've had enough. You've put enough on my name today. You've crossed the line.


Yeah. Man. It's like, it's crazy where we're living under a, like a genuine surveillance state anymore. It's just like, not saying you should have giant free coughs and you know, drug ladies and allegedly, but it's like, Yeah. You know, you really can't let your hair down anymore, man. Keep it buttoned up. We were living under a giant panopticon Used to be able to have fun. I mean, You should be able to fly under the radar. Let's say that now. Yeah. Although I, I always assumed that's kind of what every celebrity was doing when I was younger. I just imagine you're in a mansion full of naked women doing drugs. It's kind of what I thought when they were like, you did you get this?


It's like, yeah. Yeah. I believe that's what I thought. It is crazy that it did. I mean, we talked about it, but the fact that every black dude on earth was saying every rapper was gay. Yeah. And we were like, what the fuck are they talking about? I, dude, it was like, you guys are crazy. God damn. They nailed it. That Was, that was like they were saying this 15 years ago. Yeah. There's like three that aren't gay and they're chirping. Like 50 is meth. Man, it must feel so good meth, man. Just to be like, I wasn't one of the gay ones. Yep. Ha ha. It's gotta feel good just to be like, yep. Wasn't there? Yes. Even getting caught in the cross hairs of it, it's just like, fuck Could have happened to any of us. I would've gone to a fucking Diddy party in a heartbeat.


Well, not knowing what was gonna ha if I got there and there was a freak off, I would fucking get the fuck outta there. Yeah. Just 'cause I'd be, I'd be totally embarrassed and humiliated. True. I'd, I'd be just a young sapling in the fucking Redwoods, dude. Yeah. Like, guys, something outta here, So I need a little sunlight. You guys are hogging all the fucking sun. Some fucking male striper would come over and go, dad, Oh The fuck off of me. What is this? What kind of party is This? That had to be so funny to have to go, you're the star witness. And you're like, what happened? Be like, yeah. I went there and I just got jerked off by a guy. Fucking guy tugged me, and I ran, I ran outta the house crying. He tugged me.


I, you know, I was, He tugged me. I started swinging like a pig and raced, raced outta the party. And that's when my butt plug fell out. And I said, My Plug fell out and I shit everywhere. And I had to sprint. I Run house, Dumped back from my vibrating raccoon tail bud plug. And Damn if you, if your plug fell out And you dumped, they'd get freaks would come outta the walls like cockroaches and clean it up. They go, you go, ah, where am I? Four days of drugs and say, dude, what are we talking about? You go on a four day bud light bender. You go, well, oh Yeah, man. Think about doing drugs and getting tugged and butt sex.


You know how fucking tired you must be. It's crazy. Tony. They have like, you, you need like IVs and shit. You need like IVs. Yeah. It's insane. Not eating. You're like laying there the next morning. You're Eating. Must be fucking hell in there too. Oh Yeah. Unless I've, I don't know a single person who's ever, that's just movies where they're like eating a Turkey leg and having sex, I dunno was single. They're Probably doing that. Sex eating. Yeah. That's wild. Yeah. A lot of grapes. People hand you grapes. The usher's bowl of cherries. That's my favorite footage of usher. Allegedly destroying mar marriages. Did you ever see those cherries? Yeah. Just it's evil, bro.


But they're cherries is weird. 'cause when he holds 'em up, they look like a little boy's testicles. And there's just a 40-year-old lady, like Just swirling him around. Yeah. He needs to fucking cut that out. Yeah. That's, it's kind of, you know, it's not really a responsible behavior. No. Dude. Imagine seeing your babe. Do you see some of that footage? Yeah, dude. They go, they're like, like eyes closed. Like, ugh, like grunting. It's like, what the fuck, man? Like, I get it. Yeah. It's Usher. It's Ussher, dude. I get it. It's Usher. It's Scher. You're wet. Does have herpes. You're horn does, man. It's public record. He does have herpes. So allegedly That's why he uses, that's why he uses the bowl of cherries. Yeah. Allegedly, by the way, allegedly.


There's a guy who claims Usher gave him Mepe through kx. It's What is going on with these fellas? I don't know, dude. Are the honks innocent? Are the honks quiet during all this quiet? The honks are awfully quiet right now. The honks are being quiet. But you know, there was some, there was some, we had Epstein Island. We had the fucking Oh, Bieber. Bieber just bieber's on one since the trial started. He's been acting out. He's been acting this stuff. I don't even think he's acting. I don't know. I've seen it. I think he doesn't seem that crazy fade. Think he just posted shit on Instagram. I've just seen. Yeah, maybe. I've seen Little clips here and there. He's just faded. I saw some of that too. And he is just kind of, yeah, he's l he's just, he's just standing in his room.


Kind of like with his hat. Like this, just kind of like rapping to himself kind of high. Yeah. I I A lot of people are. Yeah. A lot of people Are. I don't understand the Bieber hysteria. He seems kind of crunk. I just think he's crunk right now. I mean, I'd be getting crunk if everyone was like, are you okay? And you're like, what? The whole Diddy thing. I'd be like, get the fuck outta my face. Yeah. Yeah. I'm getting crunk right now. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not worried about anything. I'm crunk Why's Is everyone asking if I'm All right? I've been crunk this whole time. What the fuck? Nothing worse than being crunk. And someone goes, are you All right? Yeah. Nothing would crush my vibe. You Know, what the fuck? I thought I were having a good time. You're at the club just having good times. The IG live And someone comes up to you and goes, you should go home.


And you go, oh shit. I thought I was killing it tonight. He does rule. I thought about it. Is there, I saw some thing trying to say like, he lost all his money and this and that. I'm like, dude, Beebs is a legend. He's killed it for So is a legend Support too. Full support of beavers. We support the beebs. Yeah. Boy. But yeah, it was a, yeah, I was a little sensitive in my hotel room. I was going, I saw that clip, like he lost all his money. And I was like, man, leave a man alone. I bet he didn't. Yeah. That was, I was thinking, I'm like, dude, that it's almost impossible. Yeah. He is a lot of money. He sold his masters. That's what they're saying. Wow. Well that's probably worth 200 million. Yeah, He's All right then.


Yeah. Yeah. 200 mil. They're like, he lost all of his money. Now he only has 200 million. It's like, it'll be All right. He can see he's got enough to get CRO on IG live. He's good. He's good. He's good. Yeah. If you have 200 million, you're gonna get CRO on IG live. And at any point he can go do a tour and make That is all better. All this behavior is better than Zuckerberg's outfit. That's a guy who's losing his fucking mind. Does, does he, I don't know if this is true. Does he live in like an underground like cave in Hawaii? I, I think he bought a ton of, I think he bought an island. Zuck Might have a tunnel. Dude. Zuck might Zuck Tunneling.


He's Tunneling. He got the best tunnel. I don't know if that's His house. That's the Jewish man's dream. I'm gonna get a beach front tunnel. Does he look that up? 'cause I did see some sort of diagram. I didn't watch it. He Lives in a ranch of 5,000 square that he lives in a ranch in Hawaii that has a 5,000 square foot bunker. The fuck the fuck. Damn. That is nice. When you upgrade your tunnel so much. They have to call it a bunker. Yeah, fine. The Jewish bunkers under New York sounds a lot better.


It does. Dang. That's crazy. Tunnels. Tunnels sucks. Tunnels. That would be sick though. Just arguing with your wife and just being like, just retiring to the bunker. I'm Going to the bunker. Just go like 40 fucking Yeah. 400 feet underground bitch Down there screaming. She can't hear you in the bunker. Bitch. Bitch. See how chappo just pop into your living room. You're like, what the Fuck? Chop. Yeah. The Mexican, the Jews must have bumped into each other. They Probably, what the heck you doing down here? Yeah. That's nice. I understand the tunneling though.


Yeah. Get down there. So you remember when it would snow when you were a kid? You go, I'd love to build a Tunnel. Oh yeah, dude. It's like the way Billy likes Big Boy Toys. Yeah, I bet. Jewish dudes. You're like, why are you tunneling? They're like, I don't know. I just, this is like my favorite thing. Yeah. I Just like to do it. It's fun. It's fun to do. Sneaky. No one knows what I'm doing down. I don't know what it is. I just like tunneling underneath New York. I could be, you know, my house. Next thing I know no one sees me. Next thing I know, I just pop up at another house and everyone goes, Hey this, who the fuck is this guy dead? Yeah. They, we can't, we we're never gonna move on number one. Mexican, Mexican boat hitting the bridge. It's never not gonna be funny. All timer Jewish guy coming out of the fucking Stewart race. This is the funniest Fucking thing I've ever seen.


God, that would ruin my day if I was Jewish. Just like eating breakfast, reading the newspaper. And I just saw that a Jewish guy got caught and it wasn't like, it was like, yeah. And it, and it had to be like the, like Capital J Jewish guy with the fucking, the do I'd be like, bro, dude, he, I'd call a meeting. I'd be like, guys, that was, We gotta hit the go. I can figure this out. This is Bullshit. Yeah. We gotta talk at the G We Gotta hit the go. Is Everyone get to the tunnels to the go. That was, that's probably there. Like, that was kind of ours. Charlottesville was tough for the honks. Yes, I remember that. 'cause we, I, I vividly remember that we had a podcast, the, we had a live podcast at Helium the night before.


And I was like, Trump fucking rules. White people are back. Ah. Thinking it was funny. Yeah. The next day Charlottesville happened and I was hung over laying on a couch, watching the news going, oh, not good. Yeah, I Remember we changed, We might have to delete that podcast. We changed the title as well. The Title must have been nuts. The title was Charlotte. You know what the title was? I remember No. Charlottesville. Oh, okay. And I had to change it. Charlottes I had to change it. I remember that. I forget what I changed it to, but I, we probably had a conversation on the phone, just like, dude, I don't know. Yeah. It's fucking hilarious. But I don't think we should do it. I know Charlottesville. Yeah.


Fuck. I know an idiot Dude. The hangover. I laying on the couch watching Charlottesville, just going, oh damn. I said a lot of crazy shit last night. I didn't know they were gonna do this today. Exactly. That's the fucked up Part. There's nothing we could do about it. We didn't know. That's what Happened to me when I was in grade school. I, I wrote like, oh yeah, I copy and pasted some sort of rap lyrics about shooting someone the next day Columbine happened. And I was like, shit. Yeah. God damn. Reported and kicked off a OL getting kicked off. A OL was bull. It was a death sentence back then. Imagine, you know, messenger after school Getting home trying to text or Yeah, I am. I am. Yeah. And instant message, One of the babes, Dude, I Get hit with an away message.


You go, Ooh, I don't think the person could get in trouble for this. But I knew someone who had, who found one of his teachers a OL screen names and just anonymously for a year. Just bought like very viciously attacked this guy online. Like nobody know. I was surprised his classmates knew and they didn't, nobody snitched. He got pulled into the disciplinarian office. Oh, I would Snitched was Like snitched right away. It was crazy. He got like grilled and he was just like, and through the, the name was, oh my god, what was the name? Silver Thunder. 6 4 20 69. Was it the kid, the kid's name? Yeah. It Was a Silver Thunder. And it was, it was just his screen name he Was using, it was just attacking Silver.


I think it was Silver Thunder. Remember that? Like Malt liquor, silver Thunder. No, it was just Silver Thunder four 20. Just having that guy calling you Fs and Bs on the internet. And the dude would be like, who is this? What's Up F What's up B? Just getting home from a long day of school. All the kids are fucking pieces of shit. You go, All right, I'm gonna see what's going on in the worldwide web. Oh, it's followed me home. Did you have any teachers in high school that had zero control of the class? Oh yeah. That Was the best Dude. Almost like all of the teachers. Really?


Dude, my high school was like a poor Catholic school. Yeah. Yeah. So it was like, we had teachers that were making like 20 grand a year. None of them were qualified. I don't even think you had to have a teaching degree. Yeah. There was one lady who was, she was, I don't know, she was fucking blind. But I used to, we had doors in the front back of the classroom and when she was teaching and I had a period off, I would see how many times I could walk laps through her class before she noticed she'd be teaching. And I would just be walking through the cla by like the sixth lap. She'd be like, Mr. Callas, what are you doing in here? Like, she was like a fucking idiot. We had a lady who, big dog, she was actually, she was funny.


She was nice. But actually she was our science teacher. We went on a field trip and she was like, what do you guys wanna do for lunch? And I was like, old country buffet. I got a chain on the bus and she was like, old country buffet. She took us to OCB. That's awesome. Yeah. She was awesome. But I would sing Werewolves of London under my breath at all times. While, anytime she turned her back, I would go So werewolf of the Chinese minute and she would go, right. Yeah. And then, oh fuck. There was a game we played. It was like cow in the pen or something where we would all pick up our desks and surround her.


And she was just one of those ladies. I was like, what are you guys doing? Cut It out. Oh, that's aw, that's so sick. Yeah. She was awesome. Yeah. We, every, every now and again, you would hit the jackpot in high school and your teacher would be like a totally autistic nerd. Be like, we could do whatever we want in here. Yeah. We had one guy who was just, every time he turned around, like five kids would go, his name was Mr. Horn. Everyone go ho. And he knock it off And you just go back to, it was like, what the fuck? It's the only way to combat it. Yeah, exactly. 'cause if you spazz, it's over. Oh, dude. Oh Yeah. Because you have teachers that spazz. Yeah, we had teachers. We had teachers spazz all, we had ladies cry constantly. Yeah. And then, oh man, that was the best.


And when we were growing up, we had a teacher that would cry all the time and spazz, but she also sang in the church choir. And we didn't have a choir, but she would sing at church. Yeah. We had like one lady sing. Did you ever have that? Yeah. It was just one woman. They'd play organs and you'd hear a lady, but we, we would always tell her how much we loved her singing. Gentle Woman. Such a good song. Peaceful Dog. Yeah. And her and another lesbian teacher would sing it. They would duet it and we would be like, can you guys, can you please sing it? And they'd be like, fine. We'd be in the middle of class. We'd be like, can you please sing that song? Oh. And she would sing it and we would all laugh. Oh.


And then she would do it again. She fell for it every time. Oh, that's so fucking funny. Yeah. The a the Ave Maria used to genuinely fuck me up when I was little. I'd be like, just being a monster in church. Just like checking out babes, just fucking around with my brothers. And they'd hit the Ave Maria and I'd be like, God, this is so fucking Beautiful. Yeah. There'd be some nice ones. The canter, that's their, the canter would belt out. We had that. We, we literally had an organ lady who would like crush SIGs between songs. And then we just had like, you know, caners here and there would come in, strut their stuff. The, we've talked about, I think before, but the one that always got me was at the end of Christmas, mass. They sang Joy to the World. Fired me up every time. Yeah. Once it started I'd be like, oh, it's time to play with fucking my Big Boy Toys.


This is the most lit song. It was Charlottesville. Yeah. It was too lit. It was lit. Yeah. That was sick dude. When the toys, when you were like, we're finally leaving. Church Is done, dude, Let's get, It's the longest mass of all time. Oh my God. It was one hour, but it felt like an eternity. It Did. Took forever. You Got a whole bunch of toys at home And then the priest there were like, people start leaving. I look at my mom like, should like, not until the priest goes by and I'm like, fuck No. You always have to wait for the fucking priest. And then we gotta shake his hand out in the fucking Yeah. Narthex Now, what was it called? The what the fuck's A narthex. The not the Annex. I made that up. It's not the annex. It's, I know what you're talking about. That little area outside. Yeah.


What the hell was that called? I, I like blank on that terminology all the time. Yeah. I'm always kind of like, what the The narthex? Yeah. It's the entrance or lobby Of The, it's the narthex. We gotta meet up the narthex to shake the priest's Hand. Narthex is such a crazy, I never, That's all in there. It it's rattling around. Yeah. You have to go shake his hand. Yeah, you gotta talk to him. We had a guy, you gotta explain, you gotta explain to the priest why you were talking during masks today. I was bad. And he goes, well I'm gonna suck your day.


You are a bad boy. We had a guy who was, when he wasn't doing mass, he would chill in the narthex and catch the early defectors and be like, what's the rush? You'd have to just walk by him. Like Getting out to the narthex was so nice though. Barry mad. Just be like, I have to go to the bathroom. And your parents would be like, No, you're fucking, I know you don't have to go. The fuck Dad, dad, I have to. Dad, shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up right now. See my brother go. He would come back and be, can I go to the bathroom? She's like, You guys should have waited before we came. Be real Quick. I would literally just walk around the Yeah, you'd just go out to the, and go like, God damn, it's nice out here.


It's quiet. No one's out here feel like I'm doing something. I would see the family standing 'cause they didn't get a seat. I'd be like, that's so sick. I want to stand. So I wish I was Stand in the back. Fucking stand in the back. The fucking bitch is there. Yeah. My dad would spend the full hour, just the most furious anyone's ever been. Start the finish of mass. He'd be like, fucking, He Fucking made a noise. He'd be like, Shut the fuck up. Come here, come here, come here. You had to sit next to him And you go, fuck. He goes, come fuck. Shut the fuck up. He grab You by the back of the neck and dig in and go, Shut the fuck up. Fucking sing.


Sing the fucking song. It'd be me and my brothers and dad. You get separated out And you like Whoever gets sent down next to dad. That blows, Dude. Oh, it sucked so bad. It was nice though, when another one, I'd have another one of my brothers get picked off. Sudden you'd somehow get back together. You'd be like, it's On. Yes. Yo, look At her yellow dress. She's so Fucking fuckings. Slott, dude. Hey, It is crazy, man. Every single boy is just fucking rock hard Diving. The most horny you've ever been in your life. And your dad's next to you going, God damnit, Dude, I should get so all My sons have boners, all my Boys have bonus. I would kneel down and go like this and just slap my balls against my leg the whole time.


Knock it Off. I wonder, you know, I never got around to asking my sisters. But do you think the ladies get fucking horny in there too? Definitely. You Think the girls are horny too? For sure. Yeah. They must be for Absolute sure. I used to get so bored that the priest, I would, it would literally, my vision would go into black and white. I, I vividly remember staring and just going into black and white and just being like, yeah, Hey, I'm with you. Stand up. We're standing up there. Fuck up. Get your ass off the pew knee. Drop the kneeler quietly. Because I was gonna say Don. Don. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. Kevin Church fucking ruled bro. Cut Down for your h fucking just Jacks. You guys don't even know It was tight. Man.


La Mer hates Catholicism. I went to Capital school Drill. You got kicked out for Didion. You had a free golf that kicked you out. Yeah. It used to suck. Catholic church. Yeah. It used to be. It used to be so bored. I came from black church to Catholic church and that was a devastating switch. It's a hard step down. Yeah, It is. And I couldn't, and since I wasn't Catholic, like I was baptized, but I wasn't Catholic So I couldn't do communion. Like that was just part, So I just had to sit there and just, whoever Thought you had a mortal sin on your soul too. Yeah. Yeah. Embarrassing. I never got to, they wouldn't let me confess to the priest. I just had to sit there with my sin in the store. Confess. Ah, that sucks. What? Yeah, we had church. Did you guys have church during school hours?


Sometimes we, Because that would fucking rock. That was it. You know, every, every class is gonna be 10 minutes shorter. Yep. Fuck you. Me and My boys would belt out too. It was so fun. Yeah. Church in school was, and School is fucking hilarious. First Friday, mass. Just belting out with your boys. Screaming as loud as you can. The teacher were looking to be like, I'm singing. I'm allowed to sing. What? Sing the songs. This is how I sing. You don't know how I sing. That's how I worship. Get off my back. Alright, we should switch over to Patreon.