
Dr. Peter. Attia. Dude. Thank. You for coming. Thank You for doing this. Thank You for doing this. I'm, I'm really, I'm really pumped. I read your book, so I'm kind of familiar with stuff. Oh, Thank You. So much stuff. And I, I'm, I kind of like what you're about. Thanks For having me. Thanks for doing the podcast and I, guess I'll give you an introduction and correct me if anything, if I'm wrong. You are a medical doctor and you did cancer surgery, right? A general surgery with a focus on cancer, with A sur with a focus on cancer. And then you just kind of, I liked your origin story a lot. And so from what I remember in your book, you did this big swim, like right. It was like a marathon swim or something. And how far did you swim? It was about 21 miles. That's insane. So you did a 21 mile swim. And then, if I remember correctly, you were eating a cheeseburger in celebration And your wife Oh, that was a wife that was a slightly longer swim, but Yes.


Yes. Yeah. Now I know the story you're talking about. Okay. Yeah. That I, that honestly, dude, that made me laugh so hard that you did like a, what? I think that was like 25 miles or something. 25 Miles swim. You go out to have a cheeseburger and I believe a Coca-Cola. Yeah. And your wife, more or less was like, you're fat. Yeah, dude. That's the best. And then you, it launched you and then you just got the ultimate revenge. It started like a super successful business. How do you feel about that? She, she was very sweet. She said she, she just, she didn't say you're fat. She goes, you need to work on being less, not thin. That's worse though. It's, I'd rather someone be like you fat ass and be like, you need to be less, not thin But, you just swam 25 miles. Yeah. Well That's wonderful though.


That is good though, to have a woman to push you to those heights. 'cause then that's, is that really like the genesis of you kind of branching out into like, I had actually already left medicine at that point. I had been out of medicine for three years. I was working at that time. God, what was I doing? I was working at an energy company I think, or maybe I was in finance or something. I was, but I was like, I had nothing to do with medicine. But that was right around the time my daughter was born as well. Ah, and So I. Think that that was kind of the one, one-two punch. It was sort of my daughter's born. And then I'm realizing actually like I'm not that healthy. Yeah. Even though I exercise a lot, I'm actually not that healthy. And that those, those two things were what kind of got me to be pretty obsessed with just trying to figure out how to not die prematurely.


The Kids do that. I, I have a two and a 4-year-old and that really kind of, I, I actually thought you'll find this interesting. I thought I was healthy. I did all, I was doing the, you know, all these apps. Like I did the one where you like mail your poop and all that stuff. And I, I did that. They came back like, dude, you're like six years younger biologically. I was like, this is awesome. Did I I had the fucking, the aura thing. I had that going on telling me I'm seven years younger than my age. And then I took a blood panel, dude, I'm like, pre-diabetic. Yeah, Exactly. I was like, what the fuck, man? It was like, I, I thought I was like killing it and I got it back and it was like, I literally just found out two days ago. So this, this timing couldn't be more perfect. My a what is it? A1C? I think it was, yeah, my A1C is like 5.7, which was like, but I did eat two bites of a pancake before my blood work, which I'm not, not supposed to do.


Shouldn't impact the A1C Though. Damn it, dude. I was fucking hoping that was the answer. Yeah, So, that is kind of crazy. 'cause you, and again, I don't, you know, I'm not the definition of fitness, but I'm not like, I wouldn't think, I thought I had the almost type two diabetes. Well, it takes a while. Like you don't, no one wakes up diabetic. But also most people don't kind of don't recognize that it is a 10 year journey for most people really to get there. Yeah. So what, I have like four, like four more years of pre-diabetes. No I mean, I think that's impossible to predict for any one person. But, but we, we definitely know the disease is so much more complicated than people I think historically have thought of it. People have historically said, well, I mean type two diabetes is your pancreas can't make enough insulin.


You can't get enough glucose outta your blood into the muscles. And eventually we just cut off some arbitrary number. We just say, once you reach a certain level of blood glucose, then you have type two diabetes. but you know, to me that's just not a great way to think about it. I think of it as a continuum and a spectrum. And prediabetes is a step along the way. But we also know that the lower your blood sugar, the better. So 5.7 is better than 5.8 is better than 5.9. But even though we would call you quote unquote normal at 5.6, I would argue five is much better than 5.6. Gotcha. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was like for real joke. 'cause I was like dancing in the end zone on my wife. 'cause she's, she is her biological agent and I'm not rubbing it in, but it was like, whatever.


And I was like, I'm five years older than her. So, I was like her peer biologically. And I, I, I was laughing, you know, I was kind, these Biologic clocks, things are such a, such a scam. I it's incredible. I love it. Well dude, mine, mine went down. No, I love it. I love it down. Mine went down. It's brilliant marketing. It is, it's brilliant market. Why? I Woke up one day and I went like, I lost half a year of my biological agent. I was like, what the fuck did I do? I'm, I like, went into a panic. But yeah, so the, that was like a real revelation for me. I was like, holy shit man. 'cause my dad has type two diabetes. And I was like, yeah, that's on him. He eats ice cream all the time. I'm healthy. And I like got my blood work and I was like, son of a bitch. By the way, I'm just breaking this right now. I don't, I don't, This is breaking news. This is Breaking news. I, this Is, this is like so timely. I have free and I was actually, it is very timely and I, I have been leveraging it emotionally in my household, which is nice.


Anytime my wife bothers me, I'm like, dude, I have pre-diabetes. This cortisol is going to mess up my insulin. So I. I got a text message literally on the way over here from a buddy who just got a vasectomy yesterday and we had recommended the urologist to him, who, who was gonna do it. So he goes, look, I just wanna tell you, man, literally the best experience ever. The guy was incredible. So funny. you know, he's got me draped like over the table. So like, you know, he's like, there's a drape, like I'm laying on my backs, Like a c-section. They do like a they don't let you see. Yeah, yeah. It's like you're sterile. Okay. They wanna keep you sterile. Right. Got you. And the guy walks in the room. First time he hasn't seen me, he doesn't see my face, he just sees my, my my long. And he goes, oh, I remember you. But he was like, but it was just all jokes.


And he, so he says today, he goes, you know, look, honestly zero pain at all. But don't tell my wife I am gonna milk this as 10 outta 10 pain. It's So I for another week's. So I. So important. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I also the vasectomy. You can't ejaculate for like what, seven days or something? That's a good question. I don't know how many days. I swear to God, I dunno how many days I, how many? It's like seven. My friend did it. He He had to hold off. Yeah. Seven whole days. And he said he went a little prematurely instead of, he had a little bit of pain. So that's not good. But yeah, dude. So that's, that was kind of crazy, man. 'cause I, again, I, I've been doing all the, the services 'cause I haven't, I haven't like been to a doctor forever. 'cause I'm like, you know, I go to, and this is why I think was cool in your book you have like, was it Healthcare 2.0 versus like three point what? What was the latest?


Yeah. Medicine 2.0 versus Medicine 3.0. Yeah. So 3.0 is kind of where you're at. That's kind of more cutting edge 2.0 is like what a step up from like medieval humors and Yeah. But, but still important. I mean we still want Medicine 2.0, medicine 2.0 will take care of a problem when it shows up. Gotcha. And if you, you know, if you, if you're in a car accident, you break your leg, you get pneumonia. You, you want, you want someone who knows how to deal with those problems. But it's a very different system from, Hey, how do I take a guy whose hemoglobin A1C is 5.5 who no one everyone thinks is just perfect. But I think he's on the path to actually, you know, being diabetic in 10 years. And why would I wait till he's staring down the door when I could just make the changes now.


Yeah. And that was kind of my beef with doctors. I would go there and they're like, nice. I don't have anything against them, but I go there and they're just kind of like, yeah, cholesterol's good. And I'm like, this is all we're worried about. Like this is, and it's, and then they lowered the window to like blood pressure. One day I went in there and they're like, oh by the way, high blood pressure's lower now. And I'm like, oh, okay. I didn't have a blood pressure problem. But it's like I I just feel like you go there and it's like, you're like a car. You go in and they check like two things. You are like, yeah, you're good. But So I, I really liked your book. How you're like, you want to check for more things and try to increase the health span, not just the lifespan. Which I like. 'cause a lot of people are very unhealthy. Yeah. I thought I was a poster child for health. Dude. I'm, I'm one of the suffering Americans. Just, I need Michelle Obama to come get, make me lunch, dude. I'm fucking all fucked up right now.


So what are you working on right now? 'cause the book, has anything changed from the book? Is it, and again, correct me if I'm wrong, but the summary was like the four horsemen. That's the things that the four leading causes of death. And there are what? Heart disease? Cancer. Cancer, neurodegenerative diseases and dementing diseases like Alzheimer's disease and metabolic disease. That's me. That's diabetes. Right. And they overlap. Yeah. So when you have type two diabetes, your risk of those other diseases goes up by 50%. So. that one sort of feeds into the other. And also if you have cardiovascular disease, your risk of dementia goes way up. So. Oh really? Oh yeah. Damn. That sucks. Yeah. And that, you know what's weird too? 'cause I don't, I don't wanna turn this into like a personal doctor visit, but like, I for real had like crazy brain fog.


Like I couldn't, I was like messing up, recalling words. And a lot of my, my mom's side had like dementia stuff when they got older. So I started being like, damn, I might be like getting like early dementia. And as soon as I learned about the high A1C, and I don't know if that's like high enough to cause brain fog. Like I was like, forget it. I forgot the word croissant. I was like, trying to think of that word. Couldn't think of that. But I, as soon as I got off all the carbs and now I'm like basically doing like keto, my brain just like came right back to life. It's pretty nuts. Yeah. I mean, I don't know that that's related to the A1C per se, but fluctuating levels of blood glucose are make it just a little more difficult. And, and some people are more sensitive to it than others. Some people, you know, they can eat all the carbs in the world and it doesn't seem to phase 'em.


And a lot of people are like, no, the moment I go to slower carbs or just no carbs at all, or just more complex carbs, my energy levels normalize. And so too does my attention. Yeah, dude, I, that's, that happened for me. And I also don't, I don't, you have to eat as much. Like, I was eating so much, man, it would be like four cups of rice I'd be, I was just picking out. Yeah. And then I, as soon as I stopped eating that much carbs, I'm, I eat like two meals a day and they're pretty like sparse. So Tell me about these pictures here. Thank. You. What's the, what's the significance? Oh, Thank You. Man. This I just figured it was funny because it's just a kind of like a, just an ample naked lady sitting at a picnic. So I. Like saw, I literally picked the pictures very quickly. I I, this one I just wanted very intense imagery.


Yeah. And so this is kind of like, you know, this is pleasant. It's, it's a little complicated. You have this, What do you think is going on here? Why is she naked? And what, who, who are these guys? These guys are up to no good for sure. They, I think these guys, it looks like they just got happened upon and someone's going, what the hell are you doing with that ample naked lady in the park? And this guy's like, He's like fully dressed. Yeah. Well, I mean, who's who's, Who's the girl in the background. So to answer your first question, this is a clothed male, naked female. It's a fetish that's going on. And I think she's kind of like next, I think they're like, get over here, stripped down so we can have a naked picked Nick, this calls a serious uproar. Back in the day when he, this guy painted this, it was a problem. I be I mean.


I, I can see why. Well, They, they were like, if you had someone pose this lady had to have been a prostitute. And they're like, that's totally scandalous. Yeah. What year approximately was this? I wish I knew. I don't know. If I had to guess I would say like maybe late 18 hundreds. I had to guess, but I could be wrong. And that guy, I don't know what that guy's hat's all about over there. But Yeah. I mean it's sort of, I don't wanna profile him, but, but I have thoughts. True. It is a hat. I don't recognize that hat. And I do have my own suspicions as well. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I, I don't know. I don't know if he's like, I don't know what's going on. He seems kind of distracted. I think he's being caught. She's just kind of getting caught. There's just a lady in a pond maybe just kind of floating around. Oh, that's interesting. So I.


I see, I see that now. I thought she was picking up apples, but maybe she's washing her hands. Sure. Well, in the pond, you Know, one could only guess why, but the, but yeah, so that's, that was cool. I thought that was a fun one. This is very intense. I like this. And then I just, you know, toss a little crucifixion up there. Yeah. It's the, the rainbow crucifixion. I don't, I I'm not, I don't know my, my biblical history well enough to, I, I would embarrass myself if I asked dumb questions. But I, I Is there a rainbow after the, after the crucifixion? Was I, I don't, I I would hope so. you know, God was rising back to heaven two days before So I. I'd hope that, no, I thought it was three days after this. Three days. My bad. Three Days. So the, the the Yeah. So that foreshadowed maybe the resurrection is what you're saying. Could be. Yeah. Could be.


Yeah. But I honestly don't know. I, I don't have any real knowledge In all. Can you imagine how brutal the world was when we crucified people? I think about it all the time. Like, How lucky are we to live in this candy ass world of softness? Dude, I try to tell it to people and I have people tell me I just, I'm so grateful. It's insane. 'cause I try to tell people, I'm like, dude, it was way different Now other people would like Different, like those guys were thieves, right? Yeah. Like that today you wouldn't even go to jail. Yeah. They would kill in most cities. Yeah. They would kill you. Yeah. And then you get crucified. Yeah. And they also, per the procession was like a pretty nasty part of it too. Oh. Just to get walked through the streets, spit upon rocks thrown at you. I I Just, I can't, I can't Fathom dude, the social anxiety back.


And By the way, that's only probably 2000 years ago. Yeah. Which in the arc of human history is yesterday. Nothing. That's Nothing. That's what I try to tell people, man. 'cause there's a lot of people who are like, everything's always been the same. It's just different variations on the same themes. And I'm like, dude, dude, it's gotten so much different from 2000 years ago. It can still get so much different. Think About 500 years ago. Right. Think about if you could be you or you could be the King of England 500 years ago with like, you know, now you, it sounds great until you get like a dental abscess. Yeah. And you realize there's no ac there's no heat. The food sucks. Yeah. Like I I don't think you're gonna be the king of England 500 years ago. I think you Food still sucks in England now.


Yeah, that's a good point. Because you could be, It's probably pre fish and chips. Yeah. That would fucking, that would actually suck. I I I never thought about being like the king of another country, but it yeah, it would be pretty terrible. There was a king in some medieval time, like longer ago than that. But they thought alcohol was like health stuff back in the day. It was like the spirit of It kind of was Yeah. Because water was so contaminated. Right? Yeah. So you basically had two broad cultures that emerged from either the fermentation of alcohol, of water, right. And alcohol to make, to get rid of the bacteria or tea. Right. You have sort of the, the rise of the sort of tea culture where you boiled water. But yeah, the idea that you were just gonna go and drink water was like I mean.


The fact that we're sitting here drinking this is Yeah. Incredible. It's pretty tight actually. But yeah, they had a king, they, they, they were like, they rubbed him down in like brandy maybe. And then they were like, All, right. We're gonna like rub this all over his body. And like a candle got too close and just burnt the guy alive. And all the high priests or whatever had to be like, ah, you must've been fucking evil. Yeah. Fucked up. No one, no one put two and two together. They didn't understand exothermic, chemical reactions. Damn dude. So, so lemme ask you this. What is your, the gist of your book is basically, and, and again, correct me if I'm wrong, but the, the gist was basically like we can pre-screen better and we can kind of promote wellness rather than waiting till somebody has like a horrible, often irreversible disease and like try to fix it through kind of like nuking the Yeah.


And and, and part of it is like, you know, what gets measured gets managed. And so medicine 2.0 measures lifespan as the ultimate outcome, which is that's been productive. That's, that's a good thing to measure. I don't, I'm not suggesting we shouldn't care about lifespan because 150 years ago, lifespan was 40 years. Today it's 80. That's insane. We doubled lifespan and that's all due to medicine 2.0. Basically figuring out how to not kill women when they gave birth to children, how to keep babies alive when they were born. How to fight infections, how to wash our hands like that. And, and, and a little bit of stuff around trauma and critical care. Like you doubled human lifespan, but we're not managing health span. And so part of the argument is, okay, we've done pretty well on lifespan, we could do better, but we really have to manage health span.


Yeah. And so if we think about things that make up healthspan, it's sort of like how much muscle mass do you have? How strong are you? How much endurance do you have? How much flexibility and balance do you have? How quick is your cognitive performance? you know, how happy are you? How are your relationships? How much joy do you have in your life? These things are softer and squishier. Some of them are pretty easy to measure, like VO two max and muscle mass and strength. Some of them are harder to measure like cognitive performance. But if you don't measure something, there's no chance you're gonna manage to it. And I would just argue we have to, we have to slightly tilt in the direction of doing more on that front. Yeah. It'd also be cooler to go to the doctor and have em be like, hit the treadmill.


Let's check your VO two max. Let's see. Yeah. Lemme see how long you can dead hang for lemme see your grip strength. I'd be so much better than sitting there and just being like basically getting molested and leaving. That's, that's all you do. You go there and they're like, All. right. We're going to what, what is the coughing? Why do they do that? Why do they call hold Your, it's funny, I thought you were gonna ask me to do it to you earlier when you said this is not an appointment. I literally thought you were gonna whip your junk out. And me check. I'm just going just for the A dude. You gotta do the butt, dude. It's, they're checking for a hernia. Is that what it is? Yeah. Yeah. But why is that like the top of the pops and Yeah, exactly. Like there's so much other things to check. It's like, we're not gonna do all this other stuff that'd be useful. We're just gonna, We're not going to look at a bunch of things. But I do want to stick my finger in the inguinal canal. That's what I'm saying.


Yeah. And I'm gonna and make you cough. I'm glad you know, they do that. But it's like, why did that get picked as opposed to all of this other stuff you're talking about. Do you think it has something to do with like, just like institutional, just repressed homosexuality throughout the entire culture. And that was like, I, I Don't know, but I will say this, like I can't tell you how many rectal exams I've done and then I realized like I mean technically a good, a good urologist will tell you that their finger is good enough to truly feel a prostate cancer that would otherwise not be picked up on a P s a or some other test. And I'll take them at their word. But I think for the rest of us who don't do 20 a day Yeah. I just, I don't think my finger's good enough.


you know, Don't say that to Me. I I mean I'll work harder, But Yeah. That's crazy. So they're saying they can just feel like it just, They've said like, look man, you know, there's always that one case that slips through the crack where the guy has a normal P s a, no pun intended. Yeah. She's so they they can't tell. Yeah. And, but they're like, yep. If you feel a certain type of super hard nodule on the prostate, that would be suspicious. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. That is. I I do, I I think they really could, if, you know, if doctors would embrace that, it'd be so much more fun. You go, you kind of run on the treadmill dead hang, you know, they could talk to you a little bit about it. It just seems so kind of sterile Plank. Yeah. There's like a bunch of basic tests. Everybody should be able to, we should be able to see the people. Do I completely agree. Yeah. I that's So I.


I did really like your book for that reason. Hopefully that kind of stuff takes So what, what is, so if that's the scope of the book, where do you stand now? Has anything changed in that time or is there anything that's like latest and greatest that's kind of like blowing your mind right now? I think my thinking is always evolving. I would say if I were writing that book today, I would actually kind of add a fifth horseman, which is anything that pertains to a weakened immune system. So I'm just getting over a cold because I have three kids and two of them are young. So basically I'm always in the con I'm always in the face of like some virus, right? Yeah. So twice a year I always get some stupid cold and it's no big deal. you know, I, it starts in my throat, blah, blah, blah. It gets into my lungs, I hack up a bunch of junk and then I'm fine.


but, you know, anyone who's been around older folks realizes that that's the kind of thing that can tip them over the edge when they're 80 years old. Yeah. you know, a really bad infection, a flu covid, things that us, you know, 50 year olds laugh at can become deadly. And so from a, from a, from a research perspective, this is something I'm super interested in, is how do we regenerate the immune system? So, you know, I'm in my fifties, my immune system's also in its fifties. Would it be amazing if when I'm in my eighties I could still have an immune system that's maybe like in my fifties or forties, the, the effect that, that would have against, you know, mitigating the risk of fatal pneumonias, infections, and even cancers is huge.


'cause the immune system is the first line of defense against cancer. Oh, really? Yep. Is that it didn't, they used to use like fevers for that too. They would induce fevers to try to kill certain types of cancer. Yeah. And it wasn't very successful because it's so non-specific. Oh, okay. Yeah. Cancer is the only way for the immune system to eradicate cancer is it has to, you have to get the very, very, very specific t-cell that recognizes exactly that cancer. And you have to figure out a way to make enough of them that it, you know, wins that war. And that rarely happens spontaneously. Yeah. I mean the cases are, you know, documented in the literature. They're so rare. But we now have drugs that can make that happen in about 10% of cases. Pretty Cool. Which is huge. That's pretty cool. Yeah. That's pretty crazy.


So how, how would you, how would you, what does your research yielded? How, how do you think you can bolster the immune system? Or like I mean? It depends how, I don't know how technical the, the audience wants to get into this stuff, but, so, so stop me when this has become unbearable. For sure. So the, you know, we have DNA. Okay. Okay. So everyone sort of D-N-A-D-N-A is the code that tells every cell how to make a protein. So d what tells DNA to turn on and off are something called methylations little carbons that stick on the backbone or something called the epigenome. Okay. So DNA is regulated through this methylation pattern and as we age, that changes.


Gotcha. So we can look at a T cell, which is the type of cell that fights a cancer or an infection and we can say that's what an old one looks like. That's what a new one looks like. Even though the DNA is the same, the epigenome above the genome, this methylation pattern looks different. Okay. And so the question is, what if we took the methylation pattern of an old T-cell and made it look like a young T-cell? Would it revert into a young T-cell? So to me that's certainly top two or three most interesting questions in aging research today. That's pretty cool. And I, that makes sense. 'cause it's like the DNA, you're born with it and then the epi layer, that's like the kind of like pattern that's affected through the environment.


That's Just what, that's what regulates it. Exactly. Yeah. And then so if you can kind of get into that and then so you could, and it was stress too. 'cause I noticed that was a big thing in your book. So, and you can stress yourself to the point where your epigenome will just start being like, Fuck this. Everything in the environment can affect that. So it's affected just naturally through aging. So the passage of time affects it, but so does anything in the environment. So whether you exercise, whether you smoke, whether you have diabetes or not, all of those things, good sleep, bad sleep, high stress, low stress, anything can tweak that in the right or wrong direction. Damn. Okay. That's pretty cool. So you're saying Getting there, but, but the gravitational pull of age is huge. And that's the one I'm most interested in is like, how would you, because even the healthiest 80-year-old has nowhere near the immune system of an unhealthy 30-year-old.


Yeah. Yeah. And we also, we saw that everyone was open against hope that Mike Tyson would just knock out Jake Paul. And that was kind of like a bitter moment for a lot of people. Yeah. Just to be like, it's Not, can't age, age is not Yeah. You just can't do It. Yeah. As father time is undefeated as everybody said. Yeah. Even With the, even with like the TRT, what are your thoughts on that? Like in terms of like, you know, what age to kind of smash the glass and just go full upgrade? I Don't know that there's an age I would do it. I mean, I think the things that I would, you know, I had a long talk with a patient yesterday about this exact question and he's pretty young. He's like 36 does not have kids but wants to have kids. Yeah. So that's a huge consideration. So in his situation, I would say like TR t's not a good idea.


I, I suggested that he bank sperm and if he wants to go down that rabbit hole, and by the way, I don't think he needs to, 'cause I don't think his level, his levels are like kind of 50th percentile. He's not terribly symptomatic. I would kind of eek out a bit more time. Yeah. But I would, I would rely on hormones that are going to ramp up his body's production of testosterone as opposed to just giving him testosterone, which will shut off his body's supply forever. No. And it also, it's not something that happens overnight. Like he, you know, he, he'd have to be on testosterone for a while before he would shut down his own production. Yeah. So what are your thoughts on that? On like, that whole thing of, especially for 30 year olds, do you think it's like good to kind of have that, or do you think it like, should be kind of a long road?


I think you gotta, I think you gotta, you know, take every case individually, but if a 30-year-old has, has his, has testosterone that is so low that it's impacting him, I think you have to start by asking why. Right? Like, How bad is his sleep? How bad is his stress? How bad is every other factor going on? I mean, when I finished God, when I was, you know, leaving my residency, my testosterone was 227, I think, which is insanely low. That's, you know, that's only two and a half times higher than a woman. What? Yeah. Is that why doctors hands are so soft every time you shake?


Damn. It's crazy. No, that's, that's for the rectal exam. So you just don't Get the That's true. That's true. You wouldn't want like my dad's Finger. No. The and and, but the reason is pretty clear, right? 'cause I was sleeping 28 to 30 hours a week. Damn. Right. So, you know, horrible sleep deprivation Yeah. Is gonna make it really difficult to make appropriate levels of testosterone. And that makes it harder for you to sleep too when your testosterone gets lower. I think probably a little bit, but the causality is much more in the opposite direction. Meaning the, the horrible sleep is destroyed. Ah, I see, I see, I see the, The, the production of testosterone and growth hormone. So, but of course at the time it never occurred to me to do anything about it, you know?


And once I, you know, was in a job where I could actually sleep each night, lo and behold my testosterone kind of normalized speak It peaked up. Yeah. What do you think that's a good thing for people to actually look at? So I? I always get the feeling that like, if you even go into one of those places, they're gonna hard sell you and you'll be on the tee. Like before you know It. I think You should not go to, I'm trying to think of the right analogy. If you, if you walk into a store that only sells hammers, everything's a nail. Yeah. Right? So So I, I think if you walk into a tea shop and all they do is male hormone optimization, I would say buyer beware.


Yeah. Yeah. Because they, even if they internally have the best of intentions, like I just don't think they can get outta their own way. Yeah. I I I also think You should be very wary of going to a place for any sort of therapy where they're selling you the therapy. True. Like if, if, if my whole shtick is I'm here to, you know, give you the best hormones or supplements or whatever, and oh by the way, on your way out, we'll sell them to you. It's just such a conflict of interest. Yeah. Yeah. So, so What do you, what do you think about the, like the, even like the internet companies that are like, like I did one, I I don't know if it's nice to like name it or not, but like the ones that like you mail like stool sample, blood saliva and they're like, here's precision supplements for you and you alone.


How do you think they're, like, how much of that is kind of generic and do you think some of those companies are really dialed in or like, I, I don't doubt that there are ways to kind of sort of optimize supplements around biomarkers, I just, I'm not sure that it's as precise as people wanna believe. Yeah. I certainly don't think that, I actually think you can do a lot of supplement optimization off really basic blood work. Like I don't think certainly, you know, a stool sample is not necessary because most probiotics can't even provide the bacteria you need to impact it. Right. I mean your diet has a far greater role.


Your fiber content has a far greater role on your gut biome and things that you'd be measuring in stool. And obviously saliva, blood urine can measure things that are relevant and interesting. There aren't that many things that I think are worth taking. Like I think yeah, if you're low in vitamin D and you're not getting enough sunlight, that makes sense. But that's a pretty simple blood test. If your homocysteine is elevated, yeah. You probably should take some methylated B vitamins and if you drop it by more than five or six points, you're probably doing a lot. If you're omega levels are low fish oil probably helps if you're not willing to eat three servings of fish a week. Right. But the, the true basics of this are really simple. And then there's other supplements that probably make sense for most people and you don't even need to test for 'em.


Like anybody who's active could probably justify taking creatine. Yeah. And there's no blood test that's gonna tell you whether or not you need it. We just know that, you know, to, to fill and and saturate total body stores, you're gonna need three to five grams per day. So, you know, really That's, yeah. That's, that was surprising. That was like something I heard like in college, like, you know, years ago when I'd lift weights it was like creatine was almost like viewed as like a serious kind of like bodybuilder supplement. Now everything I read is like, no, everyone needs a ton of creatine. Yeah. I mean I don't like, again, I it's just if you're playing the game of optimizing, you're gonna get a benefit probably about a 10% boost in performance for intensity and like super short intensity.


IE the creatine phosphate energy system. So kind of like high bursts of, you know, ten second work and then anaerobic stuff. It's not gonna improve much aerobically. Yeah. But, and you'll also get a little hypertrophy benefit 'cause the muscles will get bigger when they bring more water into That makes sense. Yeah. If like, my kids are like seven feet away and they're not listening, I could just fucking run at them easy. What the fuck are you doing? Easy. Just hulk 'em down. Yeah. That, that's, and that's my thing with fitness. A lot of people, and I'm sure you I mean, I don't know if you've heard this, you're, you're kind of a, I'm sure your like listenership is very health oriented, but a lot of people get very like, I don't know, like very kind of scoffed. They kind of scoff a out of this stuff or they're like, who gives this shit? And it's like, and I feel bad 'cause like I, I do get it.


If you're like in a job you hate and you're just totally crushed down by like your life circumstance, having somebody be like, dude, eat a banana and do jumping jacks, you're gonna be like, dude, fuck you. I don't want to think about this. But it also will make your life better. Like, I, I, I always like, whenever I lose sight of that, whenever, whenever I get too into my own like just stuff where I'm like, this isn't going well, I gotta, I don't have time. I gotta, if I just take like an hour, any even a half an hour and just like run as fast as I can, it's like I feel fuck like amazing. Yeah. And I always say that it's like a nice, nice dimension you can add to your life where it's like, everyone's like, you know, like, I wanna get better at my job, blah, blah blah. It's like just adding that like time yourself running a hundred meters and then try to get a better time next week. It just add like it gives you something you're kind of making progress in and it also you feel like great as a result.


Yeah. I think this is where kind of social media really distorts reality and the example you give is a great one, right? So if your, if your health sucks and you, you know, you're trying to figure out where you're gonna find an extra two hours a week to do some form of self-care, the last thing you need is some idiot influencer telling you to spend more time in the sauna and cold plunging. Like I can promise you that is not the first, second, third, fourth, or fifth best use of your time. If you only have two hours a week, How would you break it down then If you've only got, so, you know, I would start with what's the, let's do the absolute basics of blocking and tackling.


So first thing I wanna know is, are you getting at least seven hours of sleep a night? 'cause if you're not getting at least seven hours of sleep a night, it's gonna be very difficult for you to do anything at your best. So let me, I I didn't, I I don't wanna interrupt you. My my question with that is say like, you know, say You are tracking your sleep and you only get like 43 hours of deep sleep every night, even though you go to bed at like a proper time. Does that matter as much of like rem versus deep sleep? Or like, Do people, I assume you 43 minutes but 43 Minutes I be, I wish it's fucking 43 hours. I only get 43 hours of deep sleep a year. I'm Doing the math quickly. Oh God. I don't know. I if you feel, if a person says, I feel really well and there are these, I linked to them in the book, there are a whole bunch of surveys you can get for free that just have you do like, you know, there, these are validated surveys that kind of go through daytime drowsiness and stuff like that.


If you're in bed seven to seven and a half hours a night, ideally eight and you're, you know, your little sleep tracker says you're sleep seven, but you're not happy with your stages, I wouldn't put a lot of stock into that unless you feel that there is a problem. Got you. That makes sense. But if you're like, no, I feel fine and I fill out all the two surveys and they said I'm doing fine, ignore the data. That makes sense. Yeah. And stop wearing the tracker. I know. I gotta stop Just done with the tracker. So I was checking every day. I'm like 43 fucking minutes. Yeah, Yeah. Like it just creates more anxiety. It's just red. I see red numbers and I'm like, Fuck, it's, I, I haven't used failed. I haven't used one of those in a longer time than I can remember. Yeah. Yeah. So, so just do the, basically, so the next bucket. Yeah. So then the next bucket I wanna know is what are, you know, what's your physical activity level?


So let's say this is a person who's got none, they're doing none, and they say, look, I've only got two extra hours. I'm putting that entire two hours into exercise. So I'm gonna say we're gonna do four 30 minute workouts a week. And you know, again, I'd have to know more about the person, but it could easily end up being, we're gonna do two cardio sessions a week. We're gonna do two strength sessions a week. One of those cardio sessions per week is gonna be kind of aerobic base training where you're going at the same intensity the whole time. It's not that high. You can still sort of almost carry out a conversation. It's a little hard to talk But. you could. And then the other cardio session, I would do say three days off of that would be more interval, kinda like what you were describing.


So let's get on a, you know, if you, if you're at a gym and they have one of those like, you know, air bikes do something there, be on a treadmill, be outside, it doesn't really matter. Like th the goal, like this person will get so much benefit from two hours a week of exercise that it almost doesn't matter what they do. And then the other two days a week, I'd have them do two 30 minute whole body workouts at a gym where they never stop moving. Okay. So if you're doing it at home, it might be pushups, pull-ups, if wall sits, something like that. If you're at the luxury of being at a gym, you might just rotate machine to machine to machine and never stop. And that would I mean that would just bring huge dividends. And then the last thing I'd do is in addition to that is just do a quick audit of their diet. Yeah. You know, are you overweight?


Are you adequate weight? Are you underweight that determines whether you need to eat more, less, and then are you getting enough protein? And, and honestly like I wouldn't make it much more detailed than that. And so look, with, with just a little bit of that insight, you've made better use of two hours a week. You've got them to stop worrying about their sleep. You've maybe changed three little things in their diet. I promise you that person in three months is gonna feel significantly better. And then maybe by the way, at that point they're like, you know what, I wouldn't mind doing three hours a week of this exercise thing. Right. 'cause I'm feeling kind of good and you know what? I kind of wanna dial the diet in a little bit more. But again, the problem is too many people are consuming information that says, oh my God, you need to be on this supplement.


You need to be on this supplement. You need to be doing 30 minutes of this type of sauna. Right. And 20 minutes of this type of cold plunge. And people are like, shut Up. Yeah. I don't like, yeah. I can't do that. Yeah. I mean, and, and to be clear, I love sauna and I love cold plunge. Sure. But it is like the 20th thing on my list of 21 things that is a part of my routine. Yeah, that makes sense, man. That's, that's actually cool to hear. 'cause it is like, the solution is pretty basic and simple. And that, that's, that's a thing that gets me bummed out when like, you know, because I, I do think we live, and I, I could just be wrong, but I feel like we live in a pretty nihilistic kind of age and it's like, it does suck when that spreads. It's like a physical nihilism. Right. What the fuck's the point of even where it's like, dude, you'll feel so much better if I don't work out. I get depressed.


It's like A to b easily. If I don't do it for like two weeks, I'm, I'm just like depressed and sad. And it's like, and if you don't do it, it's just, yeah. You feel terrible. And I always, I always like to try to, you know, like, just get up and move your fucking body. Man. There's so much sense. So much better than This. I mean we were, we were, we were meant to move. We were and meant to be outside. That might be the other thing I would add is figure out a way to do something outdoors. Like whether it's a quick walk Yep. Or incorporate some of that exercise outdoors. You know what? I started doing skateboarding. Am I rip old at age of 38 I started skateboarding. Oh. Just took it out. I just took it back. I've been doing it when I was little. Okay. And I just started it. And it's weird doing that's a, that's a real eye opener when you take it an activity you did in childhood effortlessly. And you're like, let me try this again at 38, dude, I, I, I swear I burnt 900 something calories.


I skateboarded for an hour and 20 minutes and I was, I was dying. That's awesome. Cardio Wise, I was, I was just doing like a little pump track where you kind of just like ride up on a wall, dude, I thought I was gonna die. I used to do this all day when I was younger. Now I'm like, it's like a real eyeopener to be like All. right. Where am I at? Because I, I do feel like, especially I guess men and maybe women do it too with men specifically over index. Like, I'm good. And it's like, try something that you did when you were younger and you're like, holy shit, I'm gonna pa my heart rate was at like one 70 the whole time just skateboarding. And I wasn't even, I was barely pushing I. just had to like balance myself on this track. It was, it was amazing though. I, I agree with you. It's like, find something, you know, to do and just kind of, I don't know, I feel like I do feel like we get too tunnel visioned into like the career stuff and it's like, we need to, you need to do that to survive.


But it's like the, the sacrifice of hours of time for like the quote unquote rest time into like physical activity, just pay dividends and all the other things you're trying to do anyway. But yeah, I always sound like a broken record, but I'm like, dude, it's so important man. It really is. So yeah. Skateboarding's awesome. We should go one time. Do you skate? Nope. I do not at all. Have you ever? Nope. And it's funny, I mean growing up I was certainly of that age when a lot of, a lot of kids were skateboarding. I don't know why. It just never appealed to me. Yeah. I was sort of busy in my own little world. My daughter did for a little bit. She's 16 now, but she did probably like when she was 12, 10, 11, 12. She was pretty into it. The coolest thing I've picked up recently though, it's not a physical activity, but it's, I'm freaking obsessed with it.


Is chess. Really? Holy cow. How do you, how are you? Pretty good. No, I'm horrible. I mean I just, no. Pretty bad. I try, but, but I love it. Yeah. Like I can't stop playing. Yeah. I just can't stop. Who do You, who are you playing Against? I'm just playing my boys. Really? Literally just the three of us just go Back and forth. Phone chess or Physical chess on the board. That's good. Yeah. Writing down every move, studying our moves after Really like nerding out watching YouTube videos. I'm obsessed with this guy, Magnus Carlson, who's the best chess player in the I've heard the world heard him actually. Yeah. Dude, I, I can't stop watching chess porn. Really? Can't stop. That's awesome. Can't Stop. That's awesome. you know how YouTube figures out what you're about? Yes. Like my videographer for our podcast, he comes, he pulls me aside like three weeks ago.


Goes, are you getting into chess? I'm like, how Do You Know he goes, because like I'm managing our YouTube channel and like it only populates just, it's just like pushing chest stuff all day. That's awesome. Like, dude, I can't stop. It is good for Your brain though. I stay up at night like watching chess videos. It's awful. Do you really? Oh, it's awful. I'm like, it's nine 30. I should go to bed. What's The opening? What's your opening move? What do you go with? Oh, I'm typically like E four, you know, I, I, but, and I like to, I like to castle really early, so I'm gonna try to castle within about three or within four or five moves if I, if I'm doing a, a king side castle. Really? Yeah. I like the the first move the horse just over your pawns and be like, what's up? Yeah, it's called, there's a name for it. I forget. It's like the English or something, but I, a horse I just fucking bang.


Here's my motherfucking horse. Yeah, no, the night's cool because again, he can, he can, he can, he can hop over people. It's awesome you Moving that fucked up l-shaped pattern. But yeah, I I love chess too. That is fun. I I I just say. Yeah, it's, I don't have anyone to play it with. That's the thing. It's like I don't, and I don't, it's it's, how long does a chess game take? One of my boys is super aggressive so the games are quick. Really? 'cause he just comes out swinging. Does he really? Oh, He Swings. I like that he goes For the fences. Does he? And then the other one is so conservative and so thoughtful that the games take like so long and I got us a little time or two, so I'm like, buddy, That's nice. Yeah. You have two hours to make the first 40 moves or you're disqualified. That's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


That's good. Yeah, you gotta think on your feet. And The younger one, the one who's super aggressive is so competitive. Like if any anyone in our family ever makes it and becomes like, great it's him. 'cause the com you can't like, hi. The fire is insane. Really. When he loses, he tears up his sheets and I'm like, buddy, you shake my hand and we had a good game. He's like, he's just Losing His mind that he lost a game of chess. It's war. Yeah, it's war. Is it true that the possibilities of the chess board are kind of infinite way? They're truly infinite. That's crazy. Yeah. It's a computationally infinite problem. Damn. Or as close to I mean. I shouldn't say infinite, right. In that AI can. Yeah. But, but it's from a, from a practical perspective, I think it's infinite.


Damn. That's awesome. That is cool. How, how old I I I'm gonna try it. My kids are too young for that. I, me and my daughter did a, like one of those. Your oldest is six? 4 0 4, okay. Yeah. Four and Six. Could be six is doable. Four six is Totally doable. I did chess. We did one of those big ones we're on vacation and we did one of those like, you know those like huge outdoor chess boards, the big pieces. Yeah. Yeah. We did it. And I tried with my 4-year-old and by the end of it, it was like the mommy and daddy were the queen and king were mommy and daddy and the pawns are all of our babies. And I was like, All right. Man. The hell sucks. But yeah man, that is amazing. I, I once made the mistake of in a game, like one of, one of my, my older one, the one who's more conservative, like he had, you know, he had a rook Knight bishop in the back that hadn't moved.


And it was like 25 moves in and I'm like, buddy, those guys over there are standing there like they got their thumbs up their butts and now those two boys cannot stop saying that. They just walk around every, anytime someone's not moving, why do you have your thumb up your butt? And my wife's like, why do you say this stuff to them? Like, you can't say anything like that. They're just gonna say whatever you say. I know. It's weird. It's weird 'cause my 4-year-old is like language police in our house. She like will learn that something's bad and then she's just like horrified of the idea of saying it. And she's like, if we, if she hears us saying anything, like, like if we even say the word hate, I don't know where we didn't, this wasn't a rule for us. Like, oh, I hate that.


She'll be like, don't say that. She like polices our language and we say like that. We said, my wife said freaking the other day and she's like, mom, that's a bad word. It's a bad word. Yeah. Like, no it's not. And she's like, and I was like, I was arguing. My wife's like, no, just, just give her that one. She's like, it's, it's pretty nuts. But yeah, that is true. They do parrot everything. You really do. Gotta watch what you say. 'cause you can say whatever you want around them for the longest time and eventually you're like, oh shit, you can talking shit on my neighbors. You can hear this, you're gonna hear this right now. Our youngest one when he was, this is the super aggressive one, so it's not surprising. I think even knew was like three. We get a call from the preschool and they're like, yeah, you gotta come and get 'em. My wife's like, what's going on? They're like, he said the F word.


Whoa. My wife's like, oh, I, I'll be right there, but I, I, this is a Misunder. They made you get him From that? Yeah. I'm like, this is a misunderstanding. And my wife's like, first of all, the kid is obsessed with rhyming, so he almost assuredly was like, truck, truck fuck or something like that. And the woman is like, no, no, he's actually the first kid we've ever heard use it properly. Oh no. They're like, What? What was the situation? And they're like, well, he was in circle time and we were telling all the kids they had to be quiet and he wasn't being quiet. And we're like, Hey, if you're not quiet, you're gonna have to get up and leave. And he, he wouldn't be quiet. So we got up and made him leave and he stood up apparently and just goes, fuck it.


And then walked and got out of the corner. Like, that's a coincidence. Yeah. I'm like, I don't, I think he learned that from his mom. Yeah. My daughter nailed a, she dropped something one time when she was really little and she was like, shit. I was like, ah, dammit. That's, that was right on the money. That's On me. Yeah. Yeah. I Was like, I was right on the money So that made you woody. Like it was like a one day suspension. Yeah, preschool. Yeah. It was like a, he's on probation now. I mean, it was like we ended up finding another preschool for him that he did great in. Oh, That's cool. Yeah. That's sane to like be like, you gotta come get this kid. Yeah. Although that could spread like wildfire amongst Other people. This is all Yeah. I guess I can see it from their point As well. No, that, that's lame. That that's crazy to be like, he must leave right now.


But I think they gotta let that kind of stuff go. That is, that is tricky though, man. 'cause especially that age, it's like kids hit other kids and like, you know, some people are like, this is, this is like, you can't, it's like, but I don't know. I treat it like the dog park. It's like, yeah, they'll figure it out man. If, if, if it's really bad, You are I mean. There's gotta be enough discomfort in the situation for the kids to evolve. Yeah, exactly what I'm saying. Yeah. 'cause it's like, dude, you gotta let, they're gonna do that, man. It's like, you know, me and my cousin got separated and we were in kindergarten together and then the, we went to the same school the next year and they were like, am class PM class. They can't be, they can't be with each other at all. But I thought that turned out All. right. It turned out All. right. So before you get outta here we are, we're coming up on, what are we, where are we at right now, Josh? I don't wanna keep you too long.


45. Huh? 45. Perfect. The, the one thing that I feel like was in the book a lot, you talked about how, and again, always correct me if I'm wrong because I, I'm always, I have stuff in my head. Stress was something you was really on the back burner that you kind of put to kind of like the forefront of your thinking from like a day to day and a health perspective. How, where do you kind of stand on that and like, what's, like, do you have any, do you have any thoughts on that at all? When I think about like, what is the, what is the thing that's gonna kill me fastest? I think it's undoubtedly stress. I, just think it's, you know, I think it's the most insidious killer in a way because it's the hardest thing to measure directly. You can sort of measure some of its indirect actions, like on blood pressure and blood sugar, which both go in the wrong direction when stress is high.


But I think there's even components of it that just, even when blood sugar and blood pressure and normal, I still think it's just doing something to your brain probably, and to your heart. And again, I, I don't think anybody would feel good living in a zero stress environment. So it's mostly just about kind of managing how one responds to it. And I think it goes beyond just stress. I think it's sort of like just overall like satisfaction in life and contentment and you know, enjoying your relationships with people. you know, I interviewed this guy on my podcast, bill Perkins, who wrote this incredible book, it's one of my favorite books. It's called Die With Zero. And he writes about how you have basically like, you know, you have time, you have money, and you have experiences and sorry, he talks about through health, so health, time and money.


Okay. And you're not optimizing for the most of any one of those. You're optimizing for the net of fulfillment. Okay. So too many people miss that. Right? They're just like working, working really, really hard to get as much money as possible or as much fame as possible. Or they're like maniacally focused on their health and that's the only thing to think about. Right? Or they're just trying to, you know, live as long as possible or make as much time for certain things. But it's kind of like how you put all those things together to optimize around fulfillment. So in this book he writes about this idea of like, people aren't doing the equation correctly. They're deferring too many experiences when they're young to do when they're old, but then they don't realize when they're old. Their health is actually not, they're not actually able to do it when they have all the money in the world.


Yeah. They can't go and take the incredible vacation. Or if they can, their kids aren't with them or their kids aren't young. Yeah. So, I think it's just kind of reframed a lot in my mind and made me realize that, you know, when our kids are young and we are incredibly healthy, that should be the time that we invest more in fulfillment and experiences as a family, which has just been a, you know, a completely different mindset for me from where I was most of my life. Yeah. Just going kind of like full blast. Yeah. Yeah. Make as much money as possible. Sleep when I'm dead, you know, that Kind of thing. Yeah, that's, yeah. That's the big one. Sorry about that bug. Dude, that bug won't leave you alone. It hasn't even come over to me at all. Just I mean I must stink. Yeah, that is, that is kind of a cool thing too, man do.


'cause you don't really, it's also something you don't really learn. Like nobody really tells you how to manage your stress. You kind of, mostly from what I gather, you kind of just like watch your parents deal with stress and you're like All, right? And you just kind of like take those patterns and just apply them to your life. And it's like, it really does. Like I don't, what I've been trying to do recently is like just take one day outta the week. Usually it's Sunday. 'cause like we're all off, everyone's hanging out and I just try to focus on like being as calm and at ease. That's like top priority of my day usually. It's like, I gotta get this done, I gotta this done. And then on one day a week I'll be like, I'm only focused today. My number one goal is to try to like stay in a state of like ease and kind of contentment. And if I get out of it, I like, before I'm like, you know, like I, just try to zero in on that.


That's been kind of like, for me that's been like, like a bit of a revelation to be like, oh, I can move through like multiple days without completely spinning myself the fuck out. And you know, it's been, I don't know, it's been kind of nice. And what, what do you think spins you out? Is it just busys too much? Yeah, it's too Much. Or is a particular thing? Yeah. I mean, it could be anything. It could be, my kids not listening kind of spins me out if I'm like trying to get up the steps and it takes 40 minutes and I'm kind of like, All, right. Look, let's, let's go. It could be anything. It could be like overwhelm, like just like situations at work I gotta deal with that are just completely overwhelming stuff in the house. you know? It's just like lack of sleep because our kids are still so little that like our sleep gets fucked up. But yeah, it is, it's that, it's usually like relational stress or just like work stuff.


Yeah. Those are two, the two main things I, that kind of like, can really spin me up. And, and I would argue that most work stress is relational as well. So. I. Yeah. I kind of agree. I think relationships are both the best part of life and the most stressful part of life. Yeah, I agree. So that's been kind of, that's been my, that's What's going on here, by the way. A lot of relational stress in that. I can tell you right now. That is true. But yeah, that, that is, that's kind of the thing, man. It's like, well this is my whole point is like, you do have some say in how much a a thing can like, like you can, it can, everything can floor you. Things come outta nowhere and you're like, you get caught in it. But it's learning how to be like, alright, something got me I guess like laser tag. Like my thing's beeping.


I can kind of walk myself through this without like going on like a Godzilla path. you know what I mean? Yeah. And it's like, I don't know, that's been pretty helpful for me before I get caught. That's, that's my ultimate fate. Just be like, babe, babe, I'm having a naked vic with a prostitute. She's right there in the coming out of the water. Just hawking me. It's not what it looks like, But yeah, that is, that is the number one man. It's like, dude, it's, you know, like managing stress. Keep yourself physically fit. 'cause you, you can't like, otherwise like, what, what the fuck are we doing man? It's like, you know, it's like, unless you're I mean, some people are just surviving, which is, which is kind of, that sucks. But I don't know. I feel like you can even, I feel like people, there's other countries where people are just surviving, but they still do cool stuff.


Yeah. They like big ornate jugs of water and they carry it around. They like dance and stuff. I don't know, it's kind of sick. I'm just trying to make people happy. I don't know how to do it. Well dude, I mean is is there anything else that that's kicking in your mind? I don't think so. Well, I, Thank You did it. Thank You for coming and doing this. I Thank You apologize for the strange format, but how do you feel about standing in podcasting way? I Think it's hilarious. I think it is. This is the first standing podcast I've ever done, Bro. It's not bad. I How do you feel about it? Honestly, you can, you can hurt my feelings if you, Honestly, I think I have better posture than I normally do. That's what I'm saying. When you're sitting on a podcast you like, you kind of like Yeah. Slouching forward. Yeah. Standing keeps you on your feet. It keeps the mind sharper. Like I feel like we're doing a political debate the way they're angled at each other too.


you know what I mean? I feel like I need a moderator to ask me a question. That's the only thing that, it would've been a little better if it was moderated. Moderated. If the discussion was moderated. That's good. Di and more heated. That true? Yeah, that is true. I, I gotta, I wanna work on being this Here. I wouldn't mind a teleprompter next time if you wouldn't Mind. Teleprompter is nice. So. I. Want a teleprompter there? Moderator there, right? A little more For sure. Yeah. I mean we could bring some heat. Yeah, we could bring some heat if you want the heat. I could, I have some burning hot questions. I didn't ask them. They're about a lawsuit. So I was like, I don't, why can't everybody, you can't talk about lawsuits. No one can ever talk about them. I know the lawyers say no. Yeah. You why? Yeah. What's the point? Bring awareness. Bring Awareness. Yeah. I did. I actually, I was researching just, you know when you have someone on, on the scene and I saw you're embroiled in a lawsuit and I said, hell yeah dude.


That's what's up. So, but we won't I mean the lawyers won't like that. That is bullshit. You can't talk I mean dude. Don't, don't do it. But that is like why, what the fuck problem here? It's, I dunno. Whatever. Anyway. Well, dude, Thank You. I, dude, is there anything you wanna plug? Is there any of the book? Obviously read the book. Dude. Read the book. Listen to the podcast. Peter, Attia, Thank You. So much. Thanks for having me. You're the man.