
We're live. Jared Klickstein. What the fuck's up? Dude, Thank you for having me. Total honor, Dude. Thanks for coming to do this. I yeah, of course. I was hyping your book up on that, on the Patreon too. I know, I, I really talked about on the regular one, I don't think. No, I appreciate it. It like changed What? A book. It changed everything. Yeah. Dude, that shit was unbelievable. Thank You. Thank You. Glad you're alive. I'm glad I was. You sent me the thing and I'm like, all right. I started, like, I read a sample chapter and I'm like, oh, this is fucking, I've always wanted, for people who don't know, you've, you basically lived for a time, a period on Skid Row. Yeah. And that's not, the whole story is like, you know, how you got there, how you started off, blah, blah, blah. But Jesus Christ, what a, for my like perverted voyeuristic brain.


I was like, I can actually like get some boots on the ground account of that, because you just drive by it and you're like, Jesus, Christ So. that for me was very satisfying. Yeah. Which, you know, I'm sure it's like, thanks, dickhead. Like I really was always curious that that was like, well, Everyone's curious. I mean, everyone sees Skid Row. Everyone sees these homeless junkies and like, one finally made it out and is like, can read words and write words and stuff. So that's a big One. Yeah, that's a big, that's a big one. So, yeah, so I wrote it and, and I try to make it funny because a lot of people write these like drug memoirs and they're really, you know, like Hunter Biden's memoirs probably not funny. No. And I, I, unless You're against the Bidens, You are ha Well, of course, yeah. Actually he does. He does a good job at swaying people.


I'm like, yeah, Joe Biden is a good fucking, yeah, maybe he is. I don't fucking know. Maybe he is wasn't Hunters, But yeah, it wasn't funny. Hunters was not really. Oh, you read? Yeah, I read Hunters. Yeah. Okay. I'm on a big autobiography kick, man. I read 'em all. Although I, I feel like in, you know, forgive me, but I think there could have been aspects, could have been aspects of his, that might have been politically pressured to kind of like paint a certain light. Oh, I'm sure. I'm sure he didn't write it either. That's another big one. Another big one. Yeah. So I, I wrote it and listen, Although he, he was pretty productive man. He, you know, he was blasting, he was just ripping crack. He could've just, He could've, yeah. Oh, you know what, what's crazy is I was just in Boston and I like went through all my personal stuff and I found all my dad's shit. 'cause my, my dad was a crack head and they, I got taken away when I was 12.


And then he just went like, full Hunter Biden. He got these camcorders and I have like 20 hours of footage. No, no dicks or anything. Okay. Or not, not yet. I've only watched like two hours of it. What's His footage? So it's non-sex tapes. It's just him. No, it's, it's like him and my mom like smoking crack and like being paranoid and like him doing drug deals and like setting up the camera on his like little four tours up the, because he's paranoid. True. Yeah. And it's like him like filming his closet and he's like, the CIA has like summoned a demon to live in my closet. It's like really crazy Shit. How many hours of this footage do you have? I have like 20 tapes. Yeah. Damn. So that'll probably be the subject of like the next book or like a documentary Y Yeah, I was about to say that would be a wild doc.


Yeah. Damn. Maybe he was just reviewing the tapes, trying to get better at drug dealing and be like, ah, I could have been a little more careful right there in that parking lot I could have. Well, I think he was just really paranoid and was filming everything. And I think crack does make you voyeurist or, or it makes you start filming for some reason. I don't know really. Yeah. But this is like 2001, like with a camcorder. I could see that if you wake up, you're like, damn, last night was a movie, dude. Yeah. I gotta record the next one. And. he is like learning how to edit it. It was like editing on the camera, like doing swipes and stuff. So it's like him smoking crack and then there's just like a swipe of a picture of a crack pipe. He's like doing like iMovie shit from 2001. So you're gonna go through all that fit footage? I'm gonna go through all, yeah. I went through like two hours of it already.


Damn. What was that like? That must've been kind of charged. I mean, I know I'm laughing and, and I know this is a comedy podcast, you know, but Yeah, it's dark. Yeah, dude, It's fucking dark. Yeah, man. But oh my god. Yeah, that would, yeah. Yeah. Alright. I you submit for America's Funny some videos yet. I Mean, and your dad, your dad passed recently? My Dad passed, yeah. Yeah. Not from Crack. Yeah, he cleaned up. Yeah. But thank you. Yeah. RIP So this is a weird way to be introduced to my dad, but Yeah. And I hope there's no dicks or any, like, I'm just praying that there's no like, sexual stuff, but Yeah, you can blur. He wasn't like that. You can blur for the doc. Yeah, that's, that would be, that would be pretty rugged, dude. Yeah. It's also a, I don't know, there is something Heart.


It's your parents, you know, it's your dad. So there's something like heartwarming about watching it, but It is, yeah. It's utterly twisted that much. Well, what's Really fucked up is like, I remember them on drugs. Yeah. So seeing them on drugs is like heartwarming. Yeah, That makes sense. Is fucked up. Yeah, it's very fucked up. But, but you know, it's good footage. That is, that would be a pretty stellar doc. Yeah. HBO if you're listening, you know, And if there's any part of you that's like, is it Right? It's like, dude, I always say yes. Yeah. They owe it to you. Yeah. If they had, he, he recorded the crack footage, don't waste it. Be like, should I really put them out there like that? I would say yes. Not in a bad way, but it's like, it's no, they're like, it's, it's your story to tell. Yeah, exactly. If I was doing that, my kids had all that footage, I'd be like, yeah dude, fucking if you can do anything with this, please.


No. And It shows them in like a pretty good light. I mean, they're good people. They were good people, you know? So like, they're like having conversations and talking about cool shit and, and like, you know, dragons living in the closet and all that. So, so It is funny. It is dark, but, you know, unfortunately that's all the footage I have of them. Really? Yeah. Damn. Yeah. I mean, most, to be fair, most people don't have any, I have no videos really, of my parents, so I know You don't really think about that. So fortunately they were crack heads and got really into camcorders. That's pretty sick, dude. I might hire a camera crew, a full-time camera crew. My parents now catch their final Yeah. Just catch their remaining year. Just turned their whole life into a reality show against their will. Yeah. No, I, I filmed my dad rec like right before he died.


He like told a story. 'cause he, he did yo-Yo MA's kitchen and like all his finished carpentry or like fin finished cabinetry and all that. And He was like stealing Oxycontin from yo-Yo ma. Who's Yoyo Ma? He was a cellist Celloist. Yeah. Yeah. Who was on Oxy's? I think he like is a legitimate guy that got like a back surgery Or something. Yeah, I believe that. But My dad did not, you know, he was just stealing it, Doing his kitchen. He hit the Pantry. Yeah. So he told the story. It was pretty funny. That's really funny actually. Yeah. Yeah. How'd the kitchen turn out? Really good. My dad was a great carpenter. He, he did John Kerry's desk and office. And John Kerry tried to not pay him. What? Yeah, John Kerry, Senator John Kerry, Senator John Kerry has a, yeah, apparently he had an issue with paying people.


What? Yeah, they wrote about it in the Boston Globe. Yeah. Damn. I never heard you heard it here first. Dude, I never, well, Boston Globe broke the story, but heard here a second dude. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. So he tried to stiff. How much did he try to stiff your dad for? Oh, I, I, I don't know how much, but, but my dad went, went, you know, He was like a senator in Boston and then I, and then I guess he went to DC at some point and my dad went down to DC and like did his office down there. Got You. Yeah. He was like, thanks dickhead. Yeah. That's brutal dude. Yeah. That sucks. So, So that, that was like, your whole start was just, you grew up just, it was pretty, it was kind of nuts. Or like, I remember you described it as like, it was nuts, but as a little kid you would just watch your parents just kind of off the rails and be like, nah, they're just little stressed.


Like, you eventually learned. It was a funny part of that book was like, I thought they were smoking weed. And I was like, holy shit dude. Well, that, that's what's cool about the d like the tapes that I have. 'cause my dad would make his own crack pipes. And. he would And they look like little, like bongs, you know? So I would just find these bongs and I just thought my parents are smoking weed. Yeah, That makes sense. Yeah, Because I saw half, half Baked came out and I was like, oh, my parents are just, you know, they just, they just weigh 90 pounds And. they smoke weed. They must not be getting the munchies enough. Yeah. Yeah. That is, that is pretty. There was parts of that book. Literally, I would just start crying. I I brought it to Denver with me. I read it like, I like started reading on the plane. I'm like, Jesus, Christ. It's so like engrossing. Yeah. You get so engrossed in it. And then I'd like, I'll get back from shows and just read it for like hours.


And I, I ripped through it in like, pretty much a weekend. Yeah. Well, thank you man. I mean, I'm not like, obviously I've like, have holes in my brain and I've like killed a lot of brain cells, so it's an easy read. You know, I, I'm not like, I'm not Shakespeare or anything, but Yeah. But I appreciate No English in there at all. It's relieving. But I appreciate, I'm sure you get hit up by a lot of people with like, here's a picture I drew or whatever. Here's a book I wrote. You know, thank you for reading it Dude. It was awesome. Thank you. It it was genuinely really, and then it's, so, and you've, you've been on Fox I think a couple times or maybe what else? You've been on the news. Yeah. And you're like giving like the takes on like homelessness, which I thought that was kind of cool too. I didn't know. Yeah, because you came out of that and I'm sure people would love to have you. Like, see we need more funds.


And you're like, actually, Well, Fox loves me 'cause Yeah. If any opportunity to shit on California, like they'll take you on. So they, they, they took me on like immediately and I'm like, pretty apolitical, but, and everyone was like, don't go on Fox. Like it's gonna fuck your life up. Fuck Fox and all that. And, and I was like, no, I'm gonna go on Fox. Yeah, why not? And I did it and it got me a book deal and it actually reunited me with my aunt and uncle. That's pretty cool. Because they, they thought I was just still a crackhead. Well, you know, like five, that must be And. they saw me on the news. They saw you on the Winners network, obviously Fox. Like, damn dude. He's fucking winning right now. Yeah. Well They, they don't actually, they're kind of like, they, they don't like Fox, but like a relative was like Yo, Jared's on Fox and And.


they saw me And. they werere like, oh shit, he's probably not smoking crack. Yeah. They have to watch it And. they like, huh. Yeah. This is pretty good. Yeah. That, I mean, It is a, that, that was a cool thing you did in the book where it's like, you know, here's my story. And then it's like, by the way, and I think you did this pretty good, where it wasn't like, 'cause you could have like went full court press. Like, here's my takes on policy, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. It would just get like tossed in, peppered in. You'd be like, yeah. That's a fair point. Yeah. And correct me if I'm wrong, your, your whole idea is that like, definitely we should help homeless people, but like, let's kind of build accountability in there. If you're just kind of like putting people up for free or just like showering people and resources and not dealing with the inner issue. Yeah. You're killing them because they're just gonna keep getting high and die.


Yeah. It's like a house is burning down and like, instead of spraying it with water, you're like, here's like medicine to like deal with your burns. Yeah, yeah. You know, like we have to kind of address the key, like the, the foundational issue of addiction. And listen, there's a lot of homeless people that aren't addicted, obviously. You know, some of 'em are just mentally ill. Yeah. Permanently. A lot of those people that are mentally ill. Like I was mentally ill. Like, I was screaming in like a McDonald's dining area, like, you know, I was like yelling at people and throwing shit that Feel good. Yeah. I've always wanted to get up. It Kind of does. 'cause when you're home, it's crazy. 'cause when you become homeless you're like, I'm not, I'm like jaywalking. It like starts with jaywalking and then you're like, I'm gonna like deliberately walk in front of cars. Dude, I always wondered about that. So you start being like, fuck these cars.


I'm going, Yeah. And then you're like, I'm gonna litter. And then you're like, I'm gonna like knock over a trash can and it just like escalates and it's like, I'm gonna throw shit at people in McDonald's. Whoa. And then it's like, I'm gonna rob people. Yeah. Then anyway, you know, I might as well put all this energy to good use. Yeah. And then, yeah, it does escalate. 'cause 'cause going to jail is like, it's basically like a sleepover. It's like, oh shit, I get to like chill for like three days. So going to jail is like not a punishment. It's like, oh shit, I'm gonna get a pillow and like a shower. Yeah. This is So You'll like, I out throw shit at people. Yeah. That makes sense. I'm gonna fuck this lady up. Yeah. Yeah. I saw a guy recently. Whatchamacallit. Jesus Christ. I'm blanking on where I was. This is bad. I was in Portland, Oregon.


And, they have a lot of homeless people there. Oh yeah, yeah. This weekend. And I, there was this guy, I was, I was, me and Nate Marshall were walking and this guy, he like just, he was kind of drunk. He was like, oh, what are you guys homies? And I was like, yeah, actually we are. And I was like, maybe he's just being friendly. I couldn't really tell. And then I come back And, he was just getting in homeless people's faces and being like, what y'all dude? And like shoulder bumping him. I'm like, dude, you're gonna fucking stab dude. I was waiting for him. Like, please fucking bash this guy's head in with a, that was, 'cause that was the thing too, like the, I didn't realize how hard everyone was rumbling in this. I mean, obviously I knew there's like bad stuff going on, but you're saying like, you'd sleep with like a pipe between your legs. People would come in your set up and you gotta just fucking Yeah. That was that shit. I was like, I mean, it makes sense obviously, but I was always like, ah, I think people are maybe just chilling a little, a little more peaceful.


Didn't realize it. No, People are pretty angry. Yeah. cause you have nothing to lose. When you have nothing to lose, you're willing to lose your life 'cause your life isn't worth that much. So, and I'm like, you know, I'm like not big. I'm like a white guy. I, I like look, you know, I look the way I look, but you know, I, I looked like I was like 16 until I was like 30. Yeah. You know? So I looked like a kid. And Same. And then I looked like I was 75 very fast. I skipped like three, three decades of aging. Now I went from like looking like I was like 27 to looking like I was like 55. Yeah. Well I look forward to hitting that relatively soon, but Yeah. Yeah. So like, I looked like a bitch, basically. I mean, I'm not hard, you know? So Yeah. People tried to fuck with me and like, you know, being white on Skid Row is unlike everything else in life.


It's, it's a detriment. Yeah, That's true. True. So, you know, it wasn't that cool, but, but people were almost like flab. They're like, what is this like suburban white boy? They were like kind of respected it. Yeah. That's cool. They were holy fuck man. This like, clean cut white kid is, is like doing it on Skid Row. So, and it Was probably came in handy. Like I was reading that. Like, that's kind of nice when you were able to like, use your kind of appearance too. It just helped you. Yeah. Like, like I went to college, I can talk. So like, people were like, oh shit, we could keep this kid around and like talk to the police for us or whatever. And I was really good at stealing because of it. Yeah. You know, if you're like a Mexican guy with tattoos all over your face, it's, it's not easy to like go steal shit. Yeah. Trying to lift toothpaste It is not easy. Yeah. Yeah.


The plenty At least 10 years ago. True. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's all locked up, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. So that kind of fucked everything up. Like I was doing it back in the day when they weren't locking everything up and I was like, pretty good. I had like a pretty good system and, and I made more money than I do now, like working a job. Yeah. You were saying when you were shoplifting it was a couple thousand, like a day? Pretty much. No, Like a couple thousand a week on taxed Tax. Yeah. You know. Sweet. So like the same that you would make at like a job now. Same It is, it's a shame you miss the self checkout. I know. I had no excuse. So I was of a relatively sober mind and I pillaged those things pretty hard in the beginning. Yeah. And it wasn't even for like a lust for stuff. I was just kind of like, it was more of like a game where I'd be like, is anyone here actually paying attention to this?


Yeah. And it turned out no, not really at all. No. But yeah, I've, I've since for obviously given that up. But the, yeah, I remember that part of the book. We had a guy who would serve as decoy and then you would just slip into the side and just, 'cause he was, I guess everyone was like, oh, this motherfucker is gonna come in here and steal and you could just clean out and move. Yeah. Yeah. Richie, I mean, his real name was Ryden. I'll just say it I guess. But yeah, Ryden was like known across LA County as like a top shoplifter. So he'd go in first, all the staff would be like, fucking ridings here. They would like, you know, they'd like all huddle around riding. Then I'd sneak in with two like Trader Joe's, like permanent chopp bags tucked in my pants and just like, dump shit into my bags. And Damn. Then you're probably looking pretty hippie when you went out there though.


I know. I looked like a good, like a good Samaritan just chopping. Did Wait, so you had 'em in your pants and you popped them out? Popped them out, and then carried. Yeah, I just Carried two bags and I linked up with this like, what do you call it, like a fence. And I, I got him to start buying makeup, so I just like pour makeup into my, into my bag and he'd gimme like 2 75 per little eyelash thing or whatever. And yeah, I just started making a ton of money. Damn. And, and still going to sleep every night with $0. Fuck. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty wild. That, that was the craziest thing. So for you it was like, you know, and again, in the book you kind of detailed, but you start out, you know, it's pretty like regular kind of stuff. But you, in terms of the drug use, it wasn't so much of like, oh, I'm gonna try this, I'm gonna try that.


You just describe having this just like constant feeling of like, this is wrong, shit's wrong, shit's fucked up. Yeah. Then it was like, I need to stay drunk all the time. Yeah. And it was the thing you, the thing you talk about, I really like It is just how like the kind of the mental gymnastics of like, look, I'm always, here's my line, I'm not, this is, I'm good on this side of the line. If I cross this line, then it's a problem. Then you cross the line, you're like, look, no, the line's over here. And if I cross over here, then I'm fucked. Then eventually it's like, ah, God damnit. Yeah. Yeah. You, there's just constant, and obviously the end line is like, I'm gonna have sex with the guy for money. You know, that's like the last line. And, and fortunately I did not cross that line. I know people don't believe that. But why, Why do people not believe that What?


the Fuck? Dude, I don't, it's just all my high school friends are like, we know you did it. You know? And I swear I didn't, I mean, one time I let a guy tickle my feet for a hundred dollars. Who wouldn't? Dude, that's Who wouldn't, That's fair. And. he And, he actually was like a kind of a camcorder guy. So like, he filmed it. Oh no. And I, and I've hit him up on Gmail. This was like 2011. So I've recently hit him up on Gmail and I'm like, Yo, I know you've tickled a lot of feet, but like, do you remember me? Like, I, I'd like to see that footage, And. He's like, I I'll Give you a hundred bucks. How about That? Yeah, yeah, exactly. And he's like, ah. He's like, what size foot were you? Like, I gotta remember. And, and he's like, I don't know man, I've tickled too many feet. You know? But he like tied me up in a bed, like with those like, you know, those like kinky tie up things that have like quick release.


It's like safe play or whatever. I Yeah, I could imagine. Yeah. So like, it was like, kind of like Me and my wife, not, there's no safe right now, But he was cool. He went to uc. Berkeley He was like a small Asian man. Nice. We talked to uc, you know, I went to uc, Santa Cruz. So we, we had our little rivalry. We talked, you know, we talked school and then he tickled me. Was he, what was his deal? Was he kinda like Just a sexual perver? He was Just a sexual pervert. He was kind of otherwise just chilling. Normal job. He was like, I'm gonna tickle These guys. Oh yeah. He, I think he had like a good job, but he, he was just like, I'm really into tickling. I'm really into tickling feet specifically. And I was like, well, I'm like a meth head, so my feet, yeah. Do not look good. You know, And, he, I was like, can I keep socks on And? He was like, no, no, you gotta take the socks off. So I took the socks off. And. He was like, put the socks back on. Your feet Were thrashed.


Yeah. And then He was like, tickling my feet. And He was like, and I wasn't laughing. Like, eventually you stop laughing, it stops you coming. Tick bet. I bet. And He was like, you have to like you. That's how you get paid. Like, you have to laugh. So. that was weird. Oh, you had to fake it? I had to fake it. Oh no, I faked it. Yeah. So that was really like the, and that was pretty innocent, honestly. So I crossed way worse lines in terms of like, you know, damage I did to other people and things like that. Yeah. That, that I don't feel good about. But generally I had a pretty good time. You know, I started out as a heroin, heroin addict. And that was pretty manageable and, and boring. You just kind of get sleepy. But then I moved to methamphetamine and that's when things kind of picked up the Way you did that was kind of cool. It wasn't, it was a bad idea, but like Yeah.


How you're saying you were, yeah. You were delivering heroin for a guy. Yeah. And. they basically forced you like, bro, I know you're gonna be nodding out and shit. Hit some meth. Get out there. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of worked for this guy that was like working under the cartel and, and And, he would pay me to deliver heroin and heroin addicts, you know, as you see outside, there's, they're sleepy. Yeah. You know, they're pretty sleepy. So He was like, I can't trust that you drive and do heroin. You're gonna crash. You're gonna get arrested. So you got, you actually as a prerequisite for the job, you have to start doing meth. And that was a line, you know, that was a line. And I was like, well, it's part of my job details. Like of obviously I'm gonna do that. True. Being responsible. Yeah. And in meth, I like Fell. I'm a company man. Yeah. A company man. And yeah, I started doing meth and that, like, I went from like a homeless student, I mean, no, no, sorry, a drug addict student.


Like pretty manageable. Had a girlfriend, all that like, to like, within three weeks, like screaming at people, homeless. Like, lost my place to live. Damn. Dropped outta school. Crashed my car. Lost the car. Yeah. Meth. Like really quickly took, took me down. And that Kind of sent you into orbit basically. Yeah. And I like lost my mind. And, and, and you know, there's, there's a lot of fun to be had like in meth, psychosis and all that. But it, it does become pretty unmanageable. And eventually I used crack cocaine to quit meth, so I Oh yeah. I kind of fell in love with crack. 'cause that got you off of meth. Yeah. And I've heard vice versa. I've heard of people using meth to get off a crack. A lot of people actually do that. Yeah. Yeah. So if you go to Skid Row, it's like full of like og crack heads that switch to meth And they're kind of like, are they tame or are they kind of out of it?


Well, Meth is cheaper, but I think you see meth is like, you can stay up for six days on meth and like really start doing some damage. Like scre, you know, really thinking that you're talking to demons and all that. And you get into this like really dark psychosis. Whereas crack is very simple. It's just like, you think the, it's like you're just paranoid about the police. So like, it actually, and it's very like short, it's like short bursts of this paranoia. That's actually pretty fun. That's cool. Yeah. So like, you smoke crack and you think like the f FBI is after you, which is kind of cool. Yeah. That's better than demons. I'd rather keep it to this realm. Yeah, exactly. And open myself up to like, you know Yeah. Interdimensional fucking beings and shit. And you like tell yourself every, you're like, I'm gonna smoke this crack.


Like obviously the CIA is not after me. Obviously the FBI is not after me. Like I'm just a cra I'm a homeless crack head. And then you, every single time that you smoke crack and you're like immediately hiding behind a dumpster and you're like, You are like, there's a helicopter and they're like, I stole some makeup. They're fucking after I'm on the, I'm on like America's most Wanted. I'm on the bulletin board, bullet board, the fucking Ya connected me, all the other dudes. Yeah. That, yeah. That is kind of terrifying. It was weird too when you said you were able to like, eventually with meth realize like with like, you know, when you're bugging out on weed, like none of this is real, but like, I guess obviously it's way deeper, but to realize like, this is just a meth delusion and I'm, and I was, that you were able to like kind of ride that out a little bit, which sounds fucking crazy.


Yeah. Well when you first start doing it, you have a lot of auditory hallucination. So you actually hear like your friends in the, so you're like, holy shit, my friends are in the house. Like, they're in the next room. Then you start texting your friend, you know, I would text my friends and be like, Yo, I've, I hear you talking shit. You know? And they're like, I'm a hundred miles away right now. And you're like, yeah, right dude. Yeah. Oh fuck. And then so, but the auditory hallucinations are so, they're just so insane that eventually you You are like, okay, like, my friends are not in the next room, my family is not in the next room. And you sort of tame the beast at that point. And then it just turns into like mental hallucinations, which are more creative and, and more fun.


Okay. Yeah. Once you get over the paranoia, like actually yeah, let's, let's explore some of these other ideas. Yeah. Yeah. But it's a terrible drug. I don't, I don't recommend anyone, you know? Yeah. It's pretty hard to like functionally use meth. Yeah. I could have that and like, keep your Job. Unless you're a Nazi soldier. Yeah. Or a gay guy. Gay gay guys seem to be able to Do it pretty well. I've heard that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty cool. How, what the hell? Yeah. I don't know. I used to like chill with these gay dudes in San Francisco, And. they were like flight attendants sound like that and had jobs. Yeah. Do you think they were like microdosing or they like they were blazing? No, I, I think they were using meth pretty hard. Well, you know, you use meth for like a long weekend. It works really well with jobs that are like three days on, four days off. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. You could just crash for like Three days. Yeah. And then they'd use, use GGHB to like come down.


Yeah. And I like GHB, but they were like, do not pass out around us. They were like, someone could come in, like, they let you know. They were like, that's like a, that's on you buddy. Yeah. True. So I'd use GHB and be like, it's time for me to go guys. I'm out. Yeah. Like, this is getting too wild in here. And Yeah, Dude. Yeah. I mean, maybe not to sound like, you know, ridiculous. I could see that if you're like a gay guy and you're just kind of messed up, people would be like, Hmm, he's a little sassy today. Yeah. Sassy. They might just take your sass to the next level. Well they, they were my friends, but they were like, we have other friends that like, we can't, they might come in here and who knows? You're passed out. Like who knows what happens. You know? So fair. They're like looking out for me. That's fair. Yeah. Yeah. Especially if you're like, you know, partying on meth, that's like, Yeah. If you're partying on meth with a bunch of gay guys in San Francisco, it's, it's kind of on you.


Yeah. If something like that happens. I would agree. Yeah. I would agree. Especially if it's like, if it's already like were they like into like, obviously they're probably doing like the chemsex thing and all that. Yeah. Heavy into chemsex. That's basically, yeah. Can't pass out the chemsex orgy dudes. Like, No, you cannot pass out. I, I would say that's on you. Traditionally. I'd be like, well, you know, people should conduct themselves in a proper manner. Yeah. But if you're just like, eh, I'm gonna go to bed right now. A little sleepy HBS kicking my ass. I'm about to pass out guys. You do you I'm gonna just sleep here on my belly. Don't bother me. I'm such a pussy with substance. I took melatonin for the first time recently. 'cause I'm trying to like get my sleep, which I've had some success, success getting my sleep schedule under, under like, wrap with like traveling and all this stuff.


So I've started taking melatonin. I'm such a pussy with substances. Like, even that three milligrams of melatonin. I'm like, I take it, I'm just laying there reading a book. I'm like, it's not even working. So I'm just reading, reading and reading. And all of a sudden I like put my book down. I'm like, oh fuck, my arm is so heavy. I was like, oh no, I just curled next to my wife. Like, help me. I don't like, yeah. I, I was like the opposite. Like anything, if anything goes into my body, I'm like, what's this? What's happening? What's it, you know? But I, I do understand. You get to the point where you go, I don't give a fuck. You're just, you know, I, I do get that too. If, so, if like, if things are going wrong and things are, you know, you're just like, don't give a fuck. Well, you build tolerance. The What? You build a tolerance to, like physically, but you also build a tolerance mentally. You're like, I want to check out.


Yeah. You know, so like, I, I was like, by the end I was shooting heroin, cocaine, and Klonopin at the same time. Damn. Which is, I don't even know if shooting Klonopin works, but I was shooting Klonopin. I'm sure it does. I'm sure it got into your bloodstream mouth. I think so. Yeah. It it like, what do you call it? It like, it, it makes the heroin act heavier, you know? Yeah. Because you get such a high tolerance to heroin and like, the problem with heroin is like, you get really addicted to heroin to the point where your life gets really shitty and then you wanna kill yourself. But it's like a catch 22. 'cause like now you've become too physically addicted that it's hard to overdose on heroin, to kill yourself, you know? Oh yeah. So. that, that chain, obviously with fentanyl, that's different. Yeah. You can kill yourself pretty easily with Fentanyl. Yeah. So you got out of it before like, the big shit with like the, what's that shit called?


Tran with like the big wounds. Yeah. Have you seen that? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I, I last got high in 2018 and all right. I, I was right when Fentanyl really started hitting, but I was in Florida at one point and, and Fentanyl sort of hit Florida first. So I have shot fentanyl. I don't like it. Yeah. You know, I died, you know, I overdosed in Oh sure. Some guy's car And. he like took me to the hospital and like, took everything outta my pockets and like dragged me outta his car and left me jerk. But, but they, you know, they Narcan, they like Narcan me and they were like, yeah man, you, you, you were, you were doing fentanyl. And I was like, I I didn't even know what fentanyl was. And they told me. So then obviously I was like, I'm never doing that again. And then like two days later I was like, I'm gonna do that again.


Drive out. And fentanyl is So you Died, you clinically I died. I died for like four minutes, Dude. Yeah. I have a friend who did that. He died like three times. Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy. 'cause you're like dead and then they Narcan you and you feel like you're underwater and someone's like pulling you up from the ocean. You're like at the bottom of the ocean, you can't breathe. You're like trying to breathe. And then they like pull you out. Then you just pop out of the ocean and then you, like, you're just in a hospital and people are like looking at you. And I heard you're pretty agitated too. 'cause like You are pissed. It all wears off. Right. You Are, it all wears off. You're fucking pissed. And, they like, don't want to help you. 'cause you're, I'm like, can I use a phone? The guy took my phone. They're like, can you use a phone? Like, get the fuck. Yeah. You are right on the beat. You're like, bro, I need to talk to my boy before he bucks And. they like, lay down, dude, you're dead. Yes. And then And, they cut my shirt open. So I had like a go, they like, let me go with a gown in Miami.


And I was just like walking around Miami with a gown and like, no phone. And I called my dad. I, I finally called my dad. And. He was like, he was just like, man, you gotta go to jail. Like jail would help you right now. Yeah. You Know, that's what you do. I think I just called some other people. And, and eventually, you know, I got picked up, but I, I just kept using Fentanyl. But fentanyl is like very debilitating. Like, you know, I would do fentanyl and like I'd had like a two week run on Fentanyl and I'd like you do fentanyl, And. he just wake up 12 hours later in like a different neighborhood. And you know, it's really fucked up. Whereas heroin, you can like, like I used to do construction on heroin. Yeah. Like you can maintain it. I used like operating heavy machinery and shit. Yeah. Whereas with fentanyl, I couldn't even make it back to my halfway house.


So like, the one rule at my halfway house was like, you just have to show up before midnight and you don't get kicked out. And I got kicked out back back, I couldn't even drive a car. Yeah. Yeah. That, that makes sense. Yeah. I've, I've worked with guys on heroin before. They're not, it's not like ideal obviously, but, you know, it's not ideal. They can get the job done. Yeah. My dad did it for like 30 years. Yeah. You know, and, and you know, he did fine until he started smoking crack. And then, you know, crack is is is a different beast. Yeah. That's, That's what my, I used this guy, I would ride around with him all the time in his truck, And. he would try to literally like, get me to do heroin. He'd be like, bro, you gotta, and my other friend explained it to me that it's really one of those things when you start doing heroin, you're gonna, you start to evangelize it. 'cause you want people underneath you. Exactly. So then you can start selling to 'em. Yeah. Yeah. And we, we worked together all the time. He'd be like, bro, man, look, you'd be having such a fun time.


And I'm like, it's like noon. He's just sweating profusely, driving around. I'm like, man, I think I'm right. He's like, dude, you can eat. Like, you're not gonna lose your appetite. You'll just party. You'll have awesome. I'm like, and meanwhile like literally picked him up from his house or like met him at his house. He was actually the one driving, which is funny enough. But I was just like, him, his babes just on a mattress on the ground. He also, he was just like, she was active in the family business, obviously. Just, she was just like selling herself. Yeah. So all this stuff's being proposed to me. He was like, bro, I'm telling you it's a good time. I was like, I'm good, man. I mean, It is a good time when you're on heroin. Yeah. And then you wake and then the heroin wears off and it's like the worst time. Yeah. True. Know. And then your life becomes this every day. It's like you do heroin, you're like, I have 12 hours until I'm having diarrhea and like really sick from heroin.


So that not far. That's not far off. Exactly. But it's like this, it's Fucking, you put heroin on the food in the airport might be dosing me, But it's like a full-time job and it's just, it up. It's actually kind of cool. 'cause you like have this one singular goal. Yeah. And it's like, I just have to like steal shit and get heroin and then it's like, I have to steal shit and get heroin again. And then next thing you know, like six months have passed and whoa. You know, and, and it, but that second, that the second something doesn't link up and you like, you know, you, you show up at the cvs and someone already stole all the shit and you're getting dope sick and everything spas. Because once you get too far into dope sickness, you're too dope sick to hustle up money.


Ah. And it's like this, it's a crazy like treadmill that you have to just run every day. Yeah. That's why they say a lot of people who get clean do like very, very well in sales and all like Yeah. They get clean And, they hit sales jobs. And, they just crush it. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big thing in Florida. Like get off heroin, start selling like scam vacations to Canadians or something. Yeah. That, that was that my, someone I know was down there getting clean in Florida. And He was like, if you ever get a bill collector or anything, just be like, how's it going man? You clean, you had a Lot of how many days you got? How Many days you got? He's had a lot of people that call you up on like telemarketing or just down in Florida, like outside of rehab. I, I did it. Yeah. My dad got sober in Florida, so I, I went out to Florida and lived in a halfway house with him. And I, I tried doing the sales Jo. I left both times at like noon.


Yeah. I just, I like labor. Yeah. I like doing labor. Telemarketing is crazy. Yeah. I've tried my hand at it as well. And it's, I I can't explain. It's just the weirdest fucking job. There's this little thing and like, dude managers are listening in on your call. I be intensely nervous. Like, Oh, Hey, there's a dude. I know there's a guy listening. I'm like, fuck And. they give you a script and it's like, I know how to talk. Like, lemme just talk to this guy. And they're like, no, no, you gotta read. And they're like listening on your headset and they're like, read the fucking script. Yeah. Like, I wrote the script. Just read the script. Scripts Are so bad, dude. How, how do they not know that? It's like the worst possible thing. Yeah. But There's guys that are just making like five grand a week doing it. I know. You know, it's crazy. Yeah. That is. There were, there were the office big dogs.


When I did, I did like tech cyber. I don't know what it was. It was like selling like servers and shit. Yeah. And there were guys that were absolutely coining it in there. Yeah. They just had, they could sit there and like hold like out of a movie. They were like, hold a ball and be like, lemme tell you about the new Penny and four. And He was like, fuck Dude. Yeah. I prefer getting paid like $9 an hour and just like doing demo. Yeah. With like, no one that speaks English. Yeah. That is nice actually. Yeah.


Holy Crap guys. This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. What's something you'd love to learn as an adult? Do you make time to learn new things as often as you'd like? Or is that lost in childhood? Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we lose that curiosity. What's something you'd like to learn? Guarding a new language or maybe how to finally beat your best friend in bowling therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder. Because back to school era can come at any age. And I agree. I think the copy's a little trite, but I do agree. I I think You should always seek to expand your horizons. And again, I know guys have a big thing against it. I do think talking to someone, finding a therapist can get you out of your own personal, you know, the limitations of your social network and the, and you know, maybe expose you to some ideas you would never come across. I don't know. I think it's a good idea. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash mssp today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/mssp.


Oh my god guys. Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's 100% pure nicotine and always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like the mom and pop shop of pouches. Pouches come in a variety of strengths from four milligrams all the way up to 12 milligrams. Lucy offers a unique variety of flavors, including Apple Ice, wintergreen, mango, and Espresso. If you're not a pouch person, Lucy gum is available in two milligrams, four milligrams or six milligrams. What else do I need to say? It's fantastic. I take fucking 600 milligrams every day. Let's level up your nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to Lucy dot co slash drenched and use promo code drenched to get 20% off your first order. Lucy offers free shipping and has a 30 day refund policy. If you change your mind. That's Lucy dot co and use code drenched to get 20% off and always free shipping. And here comes the fine print. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified. So if you're thinking about picking up young chicks with Lucy, products don't do it. They're only for grownup responsible adults Over the age of 18. Warning, this product contains nicotine, and nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Oh wow guys. PrizePicks is America's number one daily fantasy sports app with over 5 million active members. PrizePicks is the easiest and most exciting way to play daily fantasy sports. Unlike other apps on PrizePicks, it's just you against the numbers. All you do is pick more or less, more, less on two to six player stat projections and just watch the winnings roll in. You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks with as little as four correct picks. PrizePicks is the best way to get action on sports in most states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. PrizePicks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. PrizePicks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out. If your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money even if one of your picks doesn't hit. I mean, I can't say anything more about this. I love getting in on the Fantasy Sports Action Daily with PrizePicks, just me against the numbers. That's what I want. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code drenched on PrizePicks to get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks run your game.


Now. Let's get back to the show after a quick announcement. Hey guys, really quick. I have a couple of shows coming up. I'd love to see you there. I will be, I'll be in Philly this weekend, but that's gone. Comedy Connection, east Providence, Rhode Island. That is September 12th to the September 14th. Please go. I think that'll sell out, but let's have fun there. Cleveland, Ohio, I'll be in the hilar. Well, I'll be at the Hilarity Comedy Club from October 10th to October 12th. And then Boston, I'll be at the Wilbur 10 18 1 night. Only two shows come on. That's actually, that's poised to sell out any minute now. Any day now. Really Also Milwaukee. I'll be at the improv 10 24 to 10 26.


And these ones are big guys, please come to these ones. God dammit, please. Washington, DC area. Virginia. I'll be at the Capital One hall in Tysons, Virginia on November 15th. And then the next day I'll be at the New York Comedy Festival. Town Hall, New York City. The state of New York. New York City, New York. That's 1116. Guys, please come. Then I'll have a bunch of other dates coming up. Love you. Bye. It does, It is, it does have like a freeing effect on the mind when you're doing that. When you're just knocking free, sweeping down walls, carrying heavy stuff. At the end of the day, you're tired, you lay down. Yeah, that's what I did in Florida. Like I just did like grunt manual labor with like Cubans and Nicaraguans and Yeah. This one guy had a tool chest that said, work will set you free.


Which is what Auschwitz Yeah. Said on Aus. I don't think, I don't think he was aware of that, but I was like, damn, work does set you free. True. You know, and I don't know, it sets you, it's, I, I recommend if you're trying to get off opiates or drugs, like just go do manual labor. Yeah. I mean, it really helped me. Yeah. I could see that. You know, I, I don't do it anymore, but fuck, I mean, it just makes the clock spin. You are just trying to make the clock spin at at first, you know? Yeah. To get time. Get through the time. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was another thing too I found kind of striking when you were like, you would get clean, you'd be like, all right, everything's going well. Then you'd be a part of your brain. You're like, I'm doing heroin. Yeah. I'm definitely doing it. Again. It's just a matter of time and be like, all right, I'm gonna make it to this city. I'm not gonna stop. Like, nah, I'm gonna stop over here. Yeah.


It's fucking crazy. That's the weirdest part of the whole thing when it's like, it's, it's a, it's like a hard thing for people to wrap their head around. 'cause it's like you can have the experience of things going like as south as possible, you know? And like your, your immediate relationships get thrown off all this stuff. You get clean. And the thing that sucks about addiction is that thing where you're like, I don't want to do this. But there's genuinely a part of you that's just like, You are like, fuck whatever. Yeah, that's, Yeah. You can't control. It's hard to explain to anybody else. And it's such a weird part of ourselves that people don't really know what to do with like, even like experts. Like, I don't know. Yeah. I mean, yeah, if you're following your own will and you're a drug addict, You are going to do heroin. Whether it takes you two days or a week or 30 days, five years, like you're just gonna, you're just gonna do heroin and, and you know, your life, you know, my life would get pretty good.


I'd like buy like a $1,200 car and like get a little job and then be like, okay, I'm moving. You know, I drove from Florida to Oakland one time and like got my apartment set up and everything and then I was like, I'm gonna fucking stay clean. And then I hit like New Orleans and I was like, I'm gonna go check out, you know, what's going on? And You are like, I wonder if like, you, like talk to a kid at a gas station. You're like, is there heroin here? You are like just outta curiosity, you know? And then there Better not be a heroin here. Is There, but I mean, obviously this, you know, I know this is a Catholic podcast, you know, I, I got spiritual, you know, so that's Good. I've heard, I've heard that is for real, the thing that really helps, man. Yeah. Yeah. And people don't want to hear that shit, but, sorry, like that's what, you know. Yeah. That's what, what helped me. And it, it's not like it's a non-denominational thing, but like I just like had to give it up, you know?


And, and yeah man, I believe in God and, and don't wanna get weird or anything about God or anything, but like, you know, I, I believe in something. You have to believe in something bigger than yourself is like watching over you and you have to kind of accept, it's actually like a humility thing. It's like when I make, when I'm in charge and I make decisions, like I end up in a bathtub in Chinatown, like missing my toe or some shit. Yeah. And like a needle in my arm like that, that is where I literally end up. Yeah. And so I can't make decisions. Like when, so you just kind of like try to align your will with God's will. And listen man, I'm sitting across the table from Matt McCusker right now. Like, I was literally a homeless guy on Skid Row, you know? So like, you know, obviously Yeah, that's right.


I palm, I'm like, dude, It is so fucking cool. I've never got one of these guys. No. I figure like a lot of people, you know, we see these guys, like, people want to hear these guy, you know, I'm one, I'm a heroin guy. Like I'm a guy. Like, you know, So, that is crazy opportunity To talk to one of these people. No, dude. If you were to sit there, you drive past Skid Row and you're like, oh, there's a fucking published author. Right. You know, it's like you don't think of it at all. Yeah. And It is crazy and I, I do think It is regrettable that that it, that's just the taboo of our time. Religion, taboo of our time. Yeah. Like back in the Victorian times, you couldn't talk about sex. Yeah. You could talk about religion. Now you can be like, you know, whatever. You can talk, you can be like, my daughter does OnlyFans. I'm very proud of her. Yeah. Or like, You can't Talk about that. I think the health teacher now in school actually shows their dick to the class.


I dunno how they do. It's like, it's so weird. And if you bring up religion, it's like, yeah, you can't do it. It's, I do think that that's how AA was founded. It was, I think the guy Bill was the dude's name. Bill. Yeah. Bill. He actually met with Carl Young back when Yes. You know, whatever. And Carl Young was the guy who was like, bro, if you don't come up with some sort of spiritual connection or come up with some sort of a connection to a, you know, a reality beyond yourself or whatever transpersonal reality, you're doomed. Yeah. It's like if you hit, you know, if you're over 40, that was Carl Young's big thing. Like if you hit 40 and you don't come up with some worldview that doesn't have you at the absolute center of the universe, if you can somehow, like shift it up to where there's actually something way beyond yourself and kind of humble yourself.


Yeah. He's like, the, the rest of your life will be way easier if you don't. It's just all gonna fall apart and you're gonna go, oh shit. Yeah. That's like the key for everybody. I mean, especially in the, you know, it works for drug addicts. I think it would work for everybody. It does. Alcoholic. I genuinely think it does. Yeah. I, I had a similar thing because I was, I grew up Catholic and, you know, it was like, you You are like, you get out and you're like, church is bullshit. Yeah. It's not the real bunny of Christ. You now, you know, and you, all of a sudden your life starts to fall apart and like, you know, it can be bigger or lesser ways, and you're like, same thing. You're like, I've been in charge of the program here. Results are less than spectacular. Yeah. Let me try to reorient myself as you know, again, because it reorients you more towards like service rather than like trying to self aggrandize and blah, blah, blah.


And right now I'm doing a project where I'm just studying a bunch of autobiographies and I'm trying to figure out, like, if there is, I guess I don't know what to call it. I guess it would be like circumstantial proof or whatever, just like anecdotal of like worldviews where it's like, you know, me at the center of the world, they call it, it's like Express Self is like a type of value system where it's like, I get what I want at the end of the day. At the end of the day, you know, I'm the boss. And there, there's a lot of people. That's the value system. Then there's the sacrifice self value system, which is like, there's something greater than me. I have to live by, you know, some sort of rules that I don't necessarily set. And I'm trying to like, look at all these autobiographies and try to see like, all right, who lives as like, more of an express self type who lives as a sacrifice self.


And then after reading, hopefully like 50 or a hundred autobiographies being like, all right, here's how these ended up basically. And everyone probably has like a bit of a mix. Yeah. But I, I, I do, I think that's kind of crazy how that is a thing where it's like, I don't wanna get weird, but I believe in God. And it's like, it's not that weird. Yeah. People have been doing it since the beginning of like, human consciousness. Yeah. So, and I, and I what you're saying, people get worried too. It's like, oh man, like, you know, I don't wanna come off as like a religious nut. 'cause It is, I get it. People, like, people can really hammer that home to the point where it's like, all right, but yeah, I'm glad for you. I think that's a good thing. And it's, you know, it's one of those things where it's like, it's hard to monetize where it's like, well, you know, it's easier to set up. Like, well, we gotta figure out with like pills, this, that, and this. It's like, well, you can also have a spiritual experience.


And they're like, all right. Yeah. So, I don't know. I'm not saying it's like a big conspiracy, but like, well, it's just an unfortunate thing of our time, and it's such a simple, so, I mean, it's not a simple solution, obviously, but it's one of those things where it's like, I don't know, I, I, I think it's regrettable that people are so, like, oh, when I, when you're, you know, you, I can say it's like one of those things that can help your life so tremendously if you find something, you know, tailored for yourself. You don't have to like, sever off your rational mind. Yeah. You just have to like, you know, maybe pluck a little chunk out of it. Yeah. And just kind of keep the rest. And it like, you know, it gives you community, it gives you a sense of like, there's a bigger thing going on than just what's in my head and like, what I think this person thinks about me at the office. And like, you know, drug addicts are the most, like, self obsessive, selfish people.


Really. I mean, I know that sound, you know, that's, that's not like a kind thing to say about these people that are out on the streets, but like, I was out on the streets and like, all you give a fuck about is yourself. Mm. And whenever I only give a fuck about myself, I end up laying in a, in the gutter. I mean, that's just what happened. So, like, and I know that's really hard to say as a guy that, like, I literally wrote a book about my life. Like, how self obsessive could you get? I mean, that's as self obsessive as you can get. Really? But Only great men write auto biographies. Dude. Don't, don't. Yeah. But, but you know, if you read the book, it's basically me writing about how retarded I am. Yeah. It's very funny. So it's like, sure. It's like a, it's about me, but it's about how much of a piece of shit I am. Really. So hopefully that like, there's a sense of humility around it, you know?


No, I think you did a great job. And it, it really is, it's one of those things where it's like, you know, there, whether it's drug addiction or just like, you know, say you're not addicted to drugs. That same line of thought is just not as pronounced. 'cause it's like, if, you know, if you're addicted to heroin and meth, it's like, yeah, you're crashing your car, you're going to jail. So like, everyone's easily like, yep, you're fucking up. But if you're running like a similar, you know, I think most people are very, very self, it's just the way we're designed. It's not like a, you know, value or like a character flow. It's just the way we're kind of designed that I think kind of slowly erodes through a series of repeated and larger failures in life where it's like, you know, say you're like, I didn't do like heroin or meth or anything, but I've had definitely decisions blow up in my face that weren't like my whole family.


Like, God damn, that guy needs to go away for a while. But it was enough to be like, for me to be like, well, that fucking all went up in smoke. And you're like, yeah, damnit. You know, because you, it was that big master of the universe syndrome where you're like, I gotta it figure it out. Yeah. Like, when I would like sell weed and all this stuff, I would be like smoking weed all day, driving around with like 30 pounds of weed in my trunk. Like, dude, I'm the master of the fucking, and just like, a bunch of my relationships fell apart. And I was like, yeah, I'm kind of a fucking loser. I thought I was a man. Yeah. So, that can happen, man. When you're just kind of like, dude, I don't have to listen to anybody. I'm gonna do anything anyone says. And it's like, when you're young, it's very intoxicating to be in that. And then you're like, oh, there's this whole other part of life that has to go. And like, you know, even if you don't want a family, it's like being involved in your community, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. If you get kind of like self insulated, it's easy to have like, the wheels come off.


And It is a funny thing when you're like, I'm the boss here. And it's just like, your life just dilapidated, and you're like, Fuck. Yeah. And every problem you, like, this is a big thing. Like, you know, the guy that's like 45 that just like fucks his life up every year and it's always like someone else's faults. Yeah. So like, that's a big thing about addiction and where it's like, you're just constantly blaming everyone. You're at the center of the universe and you're just blaming everyone around you for like, all your problems. Yeah. So like, that's another thing with spirituality is like, I don't know, it just helped me like take like a, a like all this, almost like an overhead view of my life and just be like, hold on, you're like, the common denominator of all this shit. Like, potentially You are the cause of these problems. Like, You are responsible for these problems. And when you kind of like, are like, okay, well it, it just goes back to like, okay, well then I'm not the, I'm not running the show.


Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna let someone else run the show. And like, you know, since I, you know, I was like a laborer on and off it, you know, either I was homeless or I was like in a halfway house doing like, construction for nine bucks an hour. And you know, the second I kind of like, started changing my life and living this way and having some faith, you know, like, I have a career. I have my family back. I'm fucking doing a podcast. Like, I mean, it just, you know, life really just starts to take off. And Right when I finally admitted like, You are the piece of shit that is causing all these problems. And like, you have to have like a complete psychic change. Yeah. And you know, I, I don't think, you know, a lot of people that are hardcore drug addicts, like, if they don't have that psychic change, like it's, it's not, it's not really when, it's not really, if it's like, when are you gonna go back to that life?


Yeah. You know, you gotta change. The blames a big one. I've noticed that with people where they're like, dude, he's a fuck it. And you're like, that's your problem right now. Yeah. This dude's being a dickhead to you. Like, I could name 25 other things, dude. Yeah. Or like blaming the police. Like, I blame, I was so pissed at the, like, the police set me up, I sold drugs to an undercover cop and like, I got a felony and like, I had to go to jail. And it like, kind of fucked like the next couple years of my life up. And I was so fucking pissed at the police. And then I got sober and I like, kind of changed everything. And I was like, you sold drugs to a fucking, you sold fake, you stole Tylenol from a CVS said they were norcos sold them to a cop. Yeah. Like, you're retarded. You shouldn't have done that kind of bunky. I I always thought if you sell fake drugs, you don't get in as much trouble though, I think probably.


But I'm like, I was like on hair. I was like, get me outta here. Like I'll, I'll plead anything. Like, just get me outta here. Yeah. And like, I had a public defender that was probably on methadone, And He was like, Yo, you're fucked, man. Like, Because Like a lot of people like drug addicts that have like rich family or like family that will support them. Like, we'll get them that lawyer and which almost just kicks the can down the road, you know? Yeah. So like, I called my dad And. he and And He was like, Yo stay in jail. Yeah. Like, do whatever. He, I was like, can I get a, can you get me a lawyer? And He was like, fuck no, I'm not getting a lawyer. And it'll Be good for you to Yeah. Just get, get like, you need to be contained. Yeah. And then actually, like when I became homeless, like I was homeless. I did like a year run on Skid Row, and I would like call my dad And. He was like, go to fucking jail.


Like, do whatever you can to go to jail. Like, you need to go to, like, my dad went to jail. That's how he like finally got sober. So I got so blessed and, you know, got to fucking go to jail and, but jail did not like get me sober jail. Yeah. Yeah. Jill like physically removed me from heroin and I never got physically addicted to heroin ever again. But I still like would relapse for like a few days here and there. And, and so like, jail is not the ultimate solution, but it, it was like a kick in the ass and true. Sort of like scared the fuck outta me. Like, you know, I was around a lot of people where I was like, damn, you're gonna like become, you're gonna be like a jail guy. Yeah. You are gonna be like a prison guy and like, can you be a prison guy? Like, you're not that big. You're not that tough. Like, yeah. Can you do it?


How bad does it hurt in prison of just like, no babes at all. That's the thing that would really fuck me up, dude. Just, well, I Babes well, I was on heroin. It is, It's a fair question. Well, I was on, you weren't really thinking about the babes. Well, I was on heroin for so long. So when you're on heroin, you have like, no, you're like asexual. Yeah. Like completely. And then when you come off heroin, you're like, you like come in your pants like immediately. Really? Like if someone like blows in your direction, like Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like, you're, so you get like ultra horny. Oh no. Which is like, jail's like the worst place to be ultra horny. Exactly. So, I mean, it's fucking weird, man. It's like, there's like a female guard once in a while that comes in. You can smell her and everyone's like smelling, you know, everyone's like sniff. Yeah. Puts their nose up and like, and then people get weird. People start to get like really weird where they're like, ah.


It's like, you're not allowed to horseplay in there. You're not allowed to do like any gay shit or like do any gay voices or anything like that. Or like, fuck around. But there's guys that have that like twinkle in their eye that would, that would Kill me, bro. I'd be like, so fucking gay for you, bro. Well that's like, like the white obviously white guy humor is like, let's pretend we're gay. Yeah. And like, Mexicans run the jail, so they're just like, no gay shit. So you have to be like, the white guys are like, none of that gay shit. Like in front of like, we gotta impress the Mexicans obviously. Like, like obviously we want, we all wanna like do the gay voice. Like we're in fucking jail with a bunch of guys. Like, and, and, but like the Mexicans will call us gay. Like, we can't do that. Yeah. It's trouble. Yeah. Yeah. And like, obviously the black guys are like, no gay. Like Yeah, they're like number one, like, you know, no gay shit.


For sure. And so it's really sucks for white guys in there. You can't fuck around and pretend to be gay at all for Fun. You can't fuck around and you can't, you know, you know, you can't take the towel and like, never Speed ever again. I never thought About that. Yeah. It's really hard on, on white guys in there. Man. It's So funny to have like, some dude just covered his SWAs, like, and lastly we can't fuck around about gay stuff. Yeah. And it's like, clearly. And then occasionally you do have like your all, all white meeting in the shower area where it's like all white guys and it's like, you can let off some steam and like pretend you're gay for like 10 seconds. But It is, It is funny 'cause like the Mexicans just run everything and the white guys are are allied with the Mexicans. I've heard that. So it's like, we cannot lose, if we lose this allyship, like we are fucked.


So like, we have to, so the Mexicans like, you guys gotta work out every day for an hour. So you, it's every day there's like white guys like Halfly, like doing jumpy Jackson and Shit, And like making sure the Mexicans are like watching. You're like, I'm, you know, I'm doing 'em. You. Are they pumping iron pretty hard there in the jail? No. No, but they're like lifting each other, which is kind of gay, you know, they're like, They Lift Each other. You have to Yeah. There's like a tiny Mexican guy. It's like gay obviously. He's like for biceps, you know, and like you have to like, use weird shit. You like get under the bunk bed and you're like, you can do like bench with like a, like they'll get like two Mexican guys on, on the bunk bed and then you're like doing like, okay, throw another Mexican guy on there. And you're like doing bench. Yeah. You just gotta, yeah, you gotta squat.


Danny trejo you. Exactly. So you get really creative. You get like ba sometimes you get a trash bag, you fill it up with water, you can do like curls with 'em. Yeah, I heard. So is, yeah. What are like when the Mexican guys being bicep curled, does he have like a straight face? Like Yeah. 'cause he Can't be gay. He be like hard as fuck. Yeah. You have to look super hard being Curled. Yeah. You got a Fucking problem with me. Yeah. No, there's a lot, there's a lot of like, get on my back and like I'm gonna do squats. Yeah. Yeah. And like, yeah, there's a lot for, for a place where you're not allowed to pretend to be gay. There's like a lot of gay shit going on. And, and obviously like you're jerking off in a room with like a hundred guys. Yeah, yeah. At some point. And you're not allowed to jerk off. Like, but it's kind of a don't, it's like don't asks don't tell situation.


So You got, yeah. Be a be a gentleman about it. Don't be like, Oh fuck. Like a guy did, like a guy I used to buy heroin from who I actually was in, he came into the jail and I was like, what's up man? And I was like, do you have any heroin? And? He was like, no, I'm, you know, I'm in jail. But he got caught jerking off. He was like a 7-year-old black dude, super cool guy. But they rolled him up. They were like, no jerking off, you know? Damn. He was, he did it. He tried to be polite. He did it at like 5:00 AM but like the early birds woke up And. they caught him jerking off. So, fuck. That's sucks. I'd rather be caught by my parents a hundred times than have I Yeah. Be in jail and have He was like, you jerking off motherfucker. No, I did it. It's like the scariest. And obviously, you know, you've jerked off before you realize, like, you know, when you're a kid and like you're like, you're listening for your brothers and sisters and shit, and you're like, so this is like scarier.


'cause if, if someone hears you, like they could stab you, you know? Oh my God. Not, not really. I mean, everyone knows like, you gotta do it, so you just do it in the middle of the night when you wake up and like, no one really, you know, but every night if you ever wake up, you hear like the jingle of like many men quietly masturbating. It's like the roar of the ocean or something. Yeah, Exactly. And it kind of like puts Yeah, it helps you sleep and everything. That's Crazy, dude. I never thought about that aspect of it. Yeah. I mean obviously I, you know, I figured, I thought you could just like hang your sheets over your bed and be like, I'm about to jerk off bro. No, because there's like a man that on your bunk, you know? So Yeah. So unless you have like an arrangement with him or something, you know, I, I don't listen, I'm not Mr. Prison. I'm not Mr. Jail for sure.


I've been I to jail. Like, it could be different in other dorms, but like, No, It makes sense. Like my dorm, like, it was kind of like a, you can't even show your dick unless you're in the shower. Like if you got Right. That was like an, an instant boo off. Like if you, like, if your dick popped out like in the dorm. Yeah, Yeah. That makes sense. Or if you like talked about dicks or just like, you know, you just, but in the shower obviously you're all naked, you're showering together, looking at everyone's dicks, so Yeah. You can do whatever. Yeah, Yeah. No talking dicks bro. No, no. You can't talk about dicks because what Do you do with morning wood in jail? Oh my God. It's just like, yeah man, it's tough. You Gotta lay there in jail. You Gotta just lay there, you know? And sometimes you gotta, it's like, 'cause I was in the school dorm where I got to go to school, so like, like I guess I'm gonna be late to school, you know?


'cause I can't have someone look, see my, see my dick. Yeah. If you had my hard dick. Yeah. So bro, What the Fuck bro. Yeah. And fucking Bone away. And then like, meth will come in sometimes, which like makes everyone horny and, and gay to be honest. Yeah. So like that, that becomes pretty tough. 'cause like people are tweaked out and, you know, Damn. Yeah. Yeah. It's one of those things. It's, that is tough. I do understand going there and getting clean. But yeah, I think you're right. There is an extra layer. And there, I feel like there could be, correct me if I'm wrong, I feel like there could be a more nuanced approach in jail once you have those guys as a captive audience. Like how's the programming? Because I know there's like tc like therapeutic community and all that stuff. Yeah. Did you have that when you were in there? Well, there, There's like AA meetings that come in.


Okay. And. they, we had actually had like meditation classes, but you go there, that's, and like half the guys like are think it's like gay. They're like, this is gay. And then they like make noises and shit while you're trying to meditate. And there's like, I was like trying To do what kind of noises they make, You know, like kumbaya and like Oh yeah. Like mocking the, A lady came into jail to teach a bunch of guys that like, might murder her Yo yoga and like meditation and like, you're fucking being an asshole. And They're like, yeah. So like, I mean, listen, there's a lot of low IQ people in jail. True. Yeah. But, but yeah, like obviously there could be a better approach. I was in there, probably 99% of the people I interacted with were either drug addicts or alcoholics. This is not a good system. This is not working. Like clearly this is a drug problem. Even like the violent criminals.


It's like a lot of 'em were just on meth or, or like drunk and like beat the shit outta their wife or something. So, you know, there's like foundational issues of mostly like addiction and alcoholism. So like yeah. We should address, and that doesn't mean like, hey, you shot a guy in the head 'cause and you were on meth. Like for sure. Yeah. We're gonna put you into a therapeutic program. Yeah. Like, you know, if you're violent, you gotta probably do some time. But like, you know, there should be, I was really surprised 'cause like one day they just let you out and it's like What the Fuck. Do you think I'm gonna do? Yeah. Like, I'm just out now. Like, and it's like right by Skid Row And, they let you out at like 2:00 AM and you know, of course I'm gonna go do heroin and, and smoke crack, you know? Yeah. So like, it, it, it, of course there's like, there, there has to be a better approach.


But like the, you know, there was like the 2020 stuff where like the decriminalization of crime basically, and like, that's not working. Yeah. You know, just being like, we're just not gonna send people to jail for like doing violent crime. Like that's not really a good approach. So They're walking that back pretty hard right now. That's just, we're hitting like Bill Clinton near they weird, like, tough on crime democrats or in our near future being like, yeah, Kamala at the dnc they were like, Kamala was a tough prosecutor and took Kamala was a tough prosecutor. Yeah. Like, I'm from Oakland, California. Like where she was a, you know, she was a DA of San Francisco and she was fucking two hard, I mean, she was like sending parents to jail for like, if their kids miss school and shit. Damn. Yeah. She was hard man. But clearly like they're doing this like, really quick 180, like, this bitch will put you in jail.


Like, vote for her. And like, I don't think it's gonna work. I mean, we see what's going on. Like I don't, you can't do that quick of a 180 on that shit. But yeah. Well, no, she was chill. She, she was hard, I think then she was like, I'm gonna chill As hell. And then she, yeah, then she got really chill I guess. But, And now she might flip back and be like, look, I don't, I could slam the, well I don think she has like, I don't think she has like a creed or like a, you know, she just, it was really hot at the time to like be super hard ass, you know, tough on crime. Like, you know, the nineties, the Clinton, you know, the Clinton condo and all that. So she just was kind of going with the times and then the times change, you know, and then it goes to like, okay, I'm gonna bail people out for like burning down Minneapolis. So I actually, I, you know, I know you were in Portland. I actually moved to Portland in June, 2020.


Oh God. Not a great month to move to Portland. Yeah. What happened? Because I, I kept thinking that Chaz was in Portland. That's Seattle. Oh, that was Seattle, yeah. Kind of fucked me up. That was my whole five minutes opening and coming out. I was like, oh, make of these, I wanna make fun of these guys. Forget having like lesbians take control of their city for six months. Well no, Chaz was like all of downtown Portland and I, I had a black girlfriend. Oh, So they set it up like that. Yeah. And I went there with a black girlfriend, not a weird month to move there with a black girlfriend to Portland. And her dad was like, don't I don't, you can't take my daughter to Portland. Like, I don't want her around all those crazy white people burning down the city. It was, it was a crazy time. But Portland's cool man. Portland's cool. I liked it. So you went there though, and it was like, 'cause because people now are like, damn, is it like still fucked up?


And I was like, no, it was, no, no, it's fine. It was fine. It was fine. But it was like, it was as intense as the Chaz there in 2020. It was fucking intense. It was intense. Like spiritually, like everyone was just like, I was running into people I like left because there was too many like guys that like, dressed like security guards that were like, I'm they them like, you gotta call me. They, and I was like, you look like a a dude. You know, like it's really hard for me to do that. There was just a lot of like, yeah, it was just a really hard like that. And like, you know, I I people were just not chill at all. And it got, it's went super far. Ugh. And then now there's kind of like an overcorrection and it's kind of chill now. I think people, and honestly like you guys play a big role and I, I'm not, you know, I appreciate it.


I'm, I mean like, I don't wanna sound insane right now, but like, you know, podcasts like yours, like you guys kind of like brought about this like spiritual awakening of like, hey, we just have to like, we can say retarded. Like we can, you know, we can be cool. You know? And I think comedy really is like saving Amer, Hey, this is gonna sound stupid, but like No, I appreciate that man. It's, well the problem I saw with a lot of the stuff was like, you're a college, you're trying to get pussy. Exactly. That's college. See girls are like on this wild shit of like, you know, pretty much they're doing it for Instagram. Yeah. And then it's like, and maybe they genuine believe, I shouldn't say like It is all fake, but it's like they're doing a thing to appease some other force. This is a giant force in your life. And you're like, yeah, a fucking they them.


And it's like, I'm trying to get some fucking pussy. I'm not trying to get frozen out or labeled as like, you're like a boomer or whatever the fuck people say. No. Everything comes down to I'm trying to get pussy. Like, because I've realized that in my head. Like every decision I've ever, like if there was no pussy, like I wouldn't shower. Like I, I would, I would shower once a week or something. Yeah. You know, like it's just every decision that a man makes girl comes down to that. So like yeah, there was just a lot of that. And there was a lot of like, even when like, you know, like when you guys, I was listening to your podcast and I was like, can I even tell people that I'm listening to this shit? Like after sh the Shane shit and then now it's like to get pussy, you're like, I listen to the Matt and Shane podcast. It flipped. Girls are, there's girls, the girlfriends have come, wives are coming to our Shows. Girlfriends have come. Yeah. Yeah. So They've opened. There was a weird that, that was a weird thing I think. I don't know what it was, man. Because everyone thought they were doing like the right thing.


They're like, yeah, I'm on the right side of history now. And it's like the one thing I will give the like wild ass SJWs from, you know, they did all that stuff for a long time. They did. You know, and you can, you can hate this, but they did raise a lot of issues into the public consciousness. Yeah. They kind of really like cracked everyone's head open with a hammer and they're like, think about this. And everyone's like, fuck you guys, I'm not thinking about this. So they did Do, You, Know. If you look back at like the last few years, It is like, people are a lot more kind of like, the average person is way more forward thinking than they were, you know, in like the nineties and you know, early two thousands. So they did put a lot of like, you know, things into people's heads. Like, you know, if you're black it's like kind of weird and way different than being white and be like, shut up and get a job you bought. Like, it's like that now.


People have, I think from all that stuff have a more kind of nuanced approach to reality with like social issues. Yeah. But they're like what they say to do about it. Their solutions are so bad. There's So yeah. The solutions are really bad and really hurting the people they're trying to help. Exactly. But like, certainly like, listen, it's really good that we're thinking about these things and, and you know, I kind of already did 'cause I'd been to jail and I was noticing patterns. I was like, damn. Like, you know, I went to jail for like five days when I sold that Percocet to the cop or whatever. And my friend toning Taylor named toning very odd name, but I was in a midnight mission with him. He did like five years for like the same shit. And. he was a black guy. Yeah. I was like, god damn. Like And He was like, what And he was, he was a black Israelite dude.


Nice. So he liked me 'cause I'm half Jewish and you know, we talk, we talk, we'd had Jew talk, you know. Yeah. So, And I was like, damn, he really opened my eyes to some shit. I was like, god damn man. So Yeah, they get crushed. Yeah. Black dude get crushed in jail pretty Hard. Yeah. So I was so, so it wasn't, but It's harder for us once we get there 'cause we can't do gay stuff. So it's Kind of the inverse of Yeah. Inverse of real life. Yeah. No, dude, my friend was in a, one of those like, kind of, I don't know, I've never seen anything like this, but it wasn't, so it was technically that part of it was a halfway house. The other part were for like, repeat, offend people who violated parole. Yeah. It was just this giant warehouse in Philly. And you would just, just go to this warehouse and just live in these rooms of like 40 dudes. And it wasn't, it was technically a jail, but it wasn't any like, you didn't go to like the penitentiary.


It was just like this holding thing specifically for parole violators if they ever had to do like six months or something. Yeah. And. he said it was run, the whole place was just run by. Like there it was, there's like these black Muslim ladies in charge of it. And He was like, dude, for real, I don't wanna cry. Racism, And. he is like, this is so hard to be white. This place. Yeah. He's like, you just like, you could just like, I could bring him in clothes and stuff. I could bring him in anything really. Cigarettes, all this stuff. I had to give it to a a like in a trash bag to this black Muslim lady. She would go through it. And He was like, dude, the, the drugs here are rampant. 'cause you can just stitch heroin into like the waistband of sweatpants. And. they, they're just like, they're just running a mocking here where it's like there's drugs are being fuel. Everyone's just making money off this place. Yeah. But He was like, and then you just get sent here against your will And.


he is like, you're trying to get clean And. he iss like, it's just party time. Yeah. So yeah, black Muslim ladies seemed to run the Philly airport. Yeah. I was at the Philly airport like a week ago. Yeah. They got a nice stronghold. Yeah. No, but they were killing it. They like got me a refund on my flight and shit. So Yeah. They're dude, they're fucking sweet's funny. They're, yeah. Yeah. Because if you're like, if you're like a white dude just kicking around, I, I always assume like black Muslim ladies don't like white people. You just, you see the gear and you're like, I could see them not being a huge fan of me. Yeah. But yeah, when you get to know 'em, they're very sweet. Yeah. They were chill. They're very cool. They're cool. Yeah. Yeah. Another thing about the whole like, awakening thing was like my felony, they, there was some real criminal justice reform where like, I, I actually am not a felon anymore. Oh, that's cool. So like, they kind of did, you know, and that makes sense.


Like, that's good. Like, hey, I've behaved for seven years. Like it can we get rid of the felony Seven Years is a good number too. Yeah. Like can I It's a jubilee. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah, Exactly. Jewish jubilee. Yeah. So I was like, you know, can I get a job at Walmart finally? Like I, you know, can I not be a felon? And so good shit like that happened. But then there was like, criminal justice reform went like a little too far where it was like you can just like bonk ladies on the head with like a bat and not go to jail. Like, that's not good, you know? But Yeah. Well, no one wanted to be the guy locking people up. It wasn't like politically good, not Politically good. But I guess now It is, It's be, now you can become the big like hero. 'cause before we had, we had the guy, who the fuck was he? Larry Krasner, the DA Phil Krasner. Philly Krazner. He was like Bad. Yeah. They were calling him Let him go, Larry.


That was, and I knew like back then, like, I was like, I knew dudes were like selling weed and stuff. He was like, oh, let him go Larry. That's the dude we love Larry Kresser. Like it's the wrong guys being like this guy Rules. Yeah. But yeah, it's like, it becomes like, if, if you're a DA and you have political aspirations and it becomes like not politically cool to lock people up, you're like, let's just not lock people up for now. And the city completely goes into disarray because you kind of maybe wanna become like a congress person. Yeah, yeah. It's like, yeah, you can't really, you know, people are out here doing, that's the thing, isn't it, like in jail, it's like 90% of the crimes are committed by like, literally like 5% of the population across like race and all that stuff. Yeah, they Say that. Yeah. And shoplifting especially. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So it's like, yeah, snatch these people up and if they're on drugs, it's like, okay, let's figure out a situation where we maybe mandate them to a long-term treatment center.


But we have to like really like, look at this like, hey, we're not just like trying to like check boxes here. Like, we're really trying to like, change this person's life and like give them a life worth living. And like, we should really tr like, I needed purpose. You know? Like I need, like I, I was a finished carpenter, so like, I eventually, like, I got out and like, I had like a job that not only paid like a decent wage, but it gave me fulfillment. And I was like, I'm building things. I'm helping people. I'm like making beautiful, you know, I'm, I'm making houses beautiful and all that. Like, we need to like find what people are passionate about, what they can excel at and like really set them up for a life where it's like, Hey, you can afford a one bedroom apartment right outta here. Like, you can, dude, you can feel good about you. It's like you're not just gonna go get a job at Chipotle and wanna kill yourself. Yeah. And then like, you know, so we just have to really, I mean this is like a spiritual problem that is plaguing America.


Yeah. Like if you go to any city, like I live in Oakland, California, and it's like, you know, it's totally fucked up. Yeah, I agree. And it It is sad too when you take all these people in jail and it's scary. They all like tattoos and like career criminals. But it, I I do believe at the root of it, it's just like there was a, they were once a kid in a very loveless environment. Yeah. And obviously like there's, there's, that's like a continuum. Obviously there's some people who like, got it. But it was, there was like other bad stuff mixed in. But then there's people who like, just never, ever in their life had like, anybody care about them at all. Yeah. And that's like, you're, that's, I think that's the real root issue when you're dealing with people like, you know, jail, anything really. Yeah. It's like, dude, how the fuck? And you're gonna try to correct that in like an environment that, you know, you obviously need to like, take precautions for society.


Yeah. But it's really sad. It's one of those things that's like very, very sad. And I, I think there is a, hopefully we'll figure it out. Hopefully we'll figure out a way. 'cause you can't go to Kumbaya and be like, just give 'em a guitar and send 'em out. It is like, just bang someone in the head with a hammer and you're like, God damnit. Yeah. Or like, we're doing this thing where like we're just giving people like apartments in San Francisco and then they're on fentanyl, so they just die in their apartment immediately. Yeah. So it's like, we can't really do that. I understand the argument, like homeless, what's the solution home? Yeah. Like give them home, you know? Yeah. And it's like, okay, but if you're addicted to fentanyl, you're just gonna like be alone and od on fentanyl. So Yeah. Man, there has to be like a more comprehensive approach and like, you know, people are like, oh, it's gonna cost so much money. And it's like, we're like, San Francisco spends over a billion dollars a year on homelessness and it's just gotten worse and worse and worse and worse.


Yeah. So it's like, I don't think money's the issue. Like we have the money, we just have to like, redirect it into a way that is actually productive. But it's, right now it's so set up to just like, you can just launder so much money if you start a nonprofit, you know, it's so easy to start a nonprofit that's like, I hand out crack pipes, gimme, you know, a $2 million contract. It's, you just have to rethink all this shit. The nonprofits are, I didn't realize how, 'cause I, I, I worked at one before when I was in social work school and I was like, this is like, and it wasn't like out and out like a total scam, but it was kind of like, dude, you guys can tighten this thing up. Yeah. It becomes incentivized to be like, just have someone show up, sign a box. It's like, yeah, but you could have like five appointments in one to make this guy's life easier and like, we'll get 200 bucks every time they show up. Yeah. You dirty motherfucker. Yeah. But it's, yeah, I don't know.


I've remained hopeful. I think, I think something will happen. But It is weird. Is this, is the mo is this like the most homeless people we've ever had? Like tra like I'd imagine historically. 'cause I, I know there was always homeless people, but now it's like you get outta cities and you're like, dude, this is, it's like younger people just hit the rails, dude. And it's like, you see guys in like the thirties or twenties and you're like, bro, like What the Fuck man. Yeah. Bad. I think, I think there is something to it, man. There's that like spiritual malaise where it's like, there's no point to anything. What's the point? I'm never gonna be, you know, XY and Z and like, nobody has that. It's hard to find like the joy in a, a like, you know, a relatively simple life. Like you're saying, like, I'm, I'm doing, I can go, I can take pride in my work. I can do my thing. Now there's just, it's just like everyone's so atomized. It's not like, oh, I'm part of a nice community.


I'm part of, everything's just off on like a their own individual journey that, you know, typically when you're just by yourself, it just leads to like intense frustration and despair anyway. Yeah. Yeah. There's lack of hope. Yeah. What's this? Oh yeah, it Rose 12% from 2022 to 2023. That's, that's pretty bad, right? That's Pretty bad. Yeah. That's a gigantic leap. It rose 64% in San Francisco from the year 2016 to 2022. And, and at the same time spending on homelessness increased by 500%. Yeah. It's crazy man. Like, you know, and there's no hope. You know, it's like we live in a time when it's like, you can work really hard, you can get that raise, you can get that promotion and it's like you're still not buying a house. Like I know That Just sucks. Like, you can't start a family.


People aren't getting married, people aren't having kids. Like yeah, it's tough. Hopefully we come out of this. Hopefully whoever wins the presidency, either one of them just makes this shit better. You know? Will they do it? Probably not. Yeah, definitely not. But we Know. We'll see. Well, dude, definitely, definitely. I, I tell everyone, buy, buy your book, your book's awesome dude. Jared, thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The book, book Smile. If you can't afford it, hit me up. I'll send you a copy or I'll send you like a PDF. I am not a big reader. I know that's a surprise. I wrote a book, but like, I can't read. If you can't read, you're looking for the audio book. It's not here yet, but if you buy a copy of the book, it will encourage my publisher to push for the audio book and then I'll like send you a link to the audio book for free. If you show me that you bought the book, I'll, so The publisher's weary about doing the audio book.


What, why they Aren't weary. It's just like, it, it's a different like legal setup with the contract and it's just gonna take time. I don't know. But like this will, if it does good sales, they'll push for it faster and then like I'll send you like a limewire link to the fucking audio book or so, you know, I'll figure it out. But yeah, we're gonna try, we're gonna try to push that through quickly. Nice man. Yeah. Yeah. Tell 'em to knock it off Tell'em. Just do it. Be like, dude, just gimme a recording time. You can record it in like 20 hours, man. I know, I know. Yeah. I just come knock it off. Yeah, but it's like It is just a different, you know, it's legal agent shit, you know? I don't know. Who knows? Well dude, thank you so much for coming, doing this. Shoot, man. No, it's an honor man. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Yeah.