
Hey, welcome to the podcast. Thank you guys so much. Nick. Pleasure to be here. Sa Martinez. Sure. Oh, come on, man. Don't show me. That's the right name. Yes, I, I respond to it, Dude. I'm terrible with names and it's, it's all good. It's a bane of my existence, dude. I know you guys for real. I don't want to, you know, I don't wanna be weird. You can say it. You guys fucking rule. You guys got me through the sweatiest period in my life easily. I would just, me and my friends would just wax up a four by four, like post and just skateboard. Like, Oh, nice man board. Slide it and shit. Seventh grade, just all head boners. It was fucking weird, dude. But no, you guys fucking rule, dude. Thanks for doing this. I was like, genuinely stoked.


I don't get stoked on a lot of stuff. And I saw that come through my email and I was like, oh, yes, please. That's So nice to hear. So, seventh grade, like for context, was that late nineties or? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Late nineties. Yeah. 'cause my older brothers, they graduated like 96, 98, and I was like four years younger than them. But yeah, it was like, it was real. Like, I mean, you guys obviously are older than me, but, you know, you don't really look it, but I, I'm aging rapidly, but yeah, it was like, that shit was crazy, dude. Just be like, bopping around seventh grade doing your thing and all of a sudden someone hits you with, I, I had the blue album, the Self-titled album first, and then I was just like, dude, this is crazy. We were just that one song down. It was allegedly about making out. Right?


It Was Well, he mentions making out. Yeah. So, But the, the, the funniest thing that lore associated with you guys was so funny was like, everyone would be like, yeah, dude, they studied music actually at the Julliard. And I'd be like, yeah, obviously I can tell dude, they're definitely Julliard. I was like, It's Seventh grade. Like, yeah, obviously. But yeah, we'd all think about making out. We'd be like, I can't wait to fucking make out, dude. It's gonna be so sick. Well, it's so funny because we just played this spot called Interlochen, which is like the Julliard for high school kids and Michigan. The, the, the chick I made out with in a dark hallway. I went to Interlochen when we met in summer camp, and she was telling me about this other camp, and it sounded really prestigious and it was like, so we were just there and it was one of those full circle moments.


Yeah, it was. Yeah. I did you make out not know that this is news to me. That's, that's news to you. Well, It was summer camp. That was, that was my dark hallway. Makeout. That's, But then you went to the other summer camp? No, I just the other day. No, she went, no. Yeah, we, we played there. Three 11 played, they have a, an amphitheater There. And it brought back this story. I know, I'm trying to figure out if you made out to make it full circle when you got back there, where was the Makeout? That was in Nebraska. Nick was in Nebraska. It was in Lincoln, Nebraska. Dude, that's awesome. Music camp. And, and she was a violinist. What? Those were the days. Yeah. Dude, that was sick making out before you knew about anything else was like, does it get better than this? And you're like, yeah. It turns out it absolutely just stabilizes your life, the rest of it.


That's A good reference point. Well, dude, that's fucking awesome, man. So you guys, you guys have been touring for what, like 20, 30. How long have you guys been touring for? Since 93. What? Yeah. What's the secret to the staying power? Dude? A lot of, a lot of, a lot of like, bands just completely disintegrate. How do you guys do it? We Just don't say no to anything To heroin. We, we don't say no. Yeah. We just say no to that. We don't say no to gigs and we don't break up. Yeah. Like, what's the secret to keeping a band together? Don't break up. Yeah. True. That's a good point. How do you balance though? What, what do you think, what's the force? What's like the, the centrifugal force that just pulls bands apart, would you say?


Ego. Yeah. You know, people digging in too hard on their positions. I mean, you know, we, we, we respect democracy and we have five band members. So if, if it ever needs to come down to a vote, it's gonna be, you know, two against three it. If it was four people and it was two against two, then what do you do? Yeah. So fortunately we have an e an odd number of band members and, but most of the time we just talk things out and it doesn't really even come to a vote. We just, somebody gives in and we just keep talking until there's a consensus. But if, if there ever needs to be a vote, then we respect that and just, and also keep an attitude of gratitude, knowing that we're super lucky to get to do this.


Then we've stumbled on a really special lineup that we we're, we're better together than we could do on our own. For sure. Yeah. And just take good care of it. Damn, that's awesome. Because I feel like that's pretty rare when, I mean, you guys have must have seen bands come and go and kind of implode and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And so many bands that we started out with have like one or two original members and then just side guys. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I, that's what I saw in the, in your guys' Tiny Desk concert. That's like, I mean, I don't recommend you guys going through comments. They're all Very nice. But it was the big thing was like, I can't believe they're all still together. Usually it's one guy and a couple studio musicians and it's, you know, so it's sick man. Yeah. It's awesome. So how do you, like when, when you, 'cause you guys have come out with almost like an album a year with I, you know, give and take like a couple years here and there, Houston, in the beginning.


In the beginning it was like that. I mean, you know, it's a mad terror when you think about it. I, and I thought we were on, on a bender when we did that. And then I looked at Reems, discography And. they did like six albums or something like that in their, in their launch, like per year. And, but it also made sense because they reached a status in a, in a level that It is very hard to come by, but unless you put in mad work, man. Yeah. You know, so we did a lot of legwork obviously. And, and then, you know, we continued to do it. But it's important to get back to the not imploding part, to like have some space that you carve out, you know?


Yeah. So, and now we all have families at this point in time. Gotcha. When did the families start and how did, how was that like balancing that whole thing? Well, we, thankfully we kind of waited. Did you really? Yeah, we, so, you know, I think maybe it's, it's possible had we started families early that things might've gone as, you know, awry perhaps. Yeah. 'cause there's tensions, you know, that can build and if you don't address them, you know, in a familial setting that can spill over into your professional, you know, life. So. Oh, yeah, I know. Yeah. So I think we were a little wiser by the time, like we started our families and you know, we just, how, how Old are your kids, if you don't mind me asking?


We're ours are about the same. I have two guys. Three. Mine is almost, well, 14 and 12. Okay, sweet. I got you. So you guys really waited till the time was right? Yes. I definitely can not have to wonder if I sewed enough Wild Oats, you know what I mean? Like, yeah. Yeah. I was the first one to have a kid and I was 39 and now there's been ten three eleven kids. So it's It is, Damn. That's pretty cool. Yeah. So you kind of broke the ice and everyone else was like, eh, I'll Do it. The floodgates. So Offspring. Yeah. They're tough, man. I have a two and a 4-year-old nerd It is like, and I, I tore her with standup and it's, it can be tough. It like, kind of like deciding how much do you go away, how much do you not Yeah. And you just feel like consumed with guilt and stuff.


Yeah. That's, that's a thing. But fortunately, I, I kind of did the math once and we're maybe gone like between a quarter and a third of the year. It's we're, it's not like we're gone all year. So then when we're home, like I'm super hands on dad. Gotcha, gotcha. Getting kids ready for school and driving them to school and stuff in the morning, so. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. And if you really take, if you put it up against a nine to five, it's like you're going eight hours a day almost every single day. Yeah. Versus, you know, going away here and there. And I also tell myself too, if I had to work in an office, I probably would've burned my house down. So there's that. What, when I make kids, I would've probably like beat my kids. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's like being able to get like a creative outlet helps me not be like a nightmare to my kids and stuff. Yeah.


One of my kids said, dad, I'm glad you're not a mister. And I was like, what are you talking about? She was like, you know, like comes home in it with a briefcase and a Suit and I'm really glad you're not a mister because like, Like take them. Do those exist anymore, mister? I saw that on TV once. That must have been nice to be like, fuck yeah. I'm not a mister. You, You get it. I, I was very good to I, and then now when I do something crazy, I'm like, would a mister do that? They're like, no, that you're proven our point, dad. You're not a mister. That's awesome, man. Yeah. My, my kids have got to come when I do standup. Like we've, if I have like an earlier show, like sometimes we do like a four 30 matinee show and they've got to come do like just hop on stage and like, mess with the mics while the staff's setting up.


And like, they, I feel like little kids love that. Like, if you're telling 'em like, I'm playing music or like, they say I'm a funny man, they're like, you're a funny man, you have to go be silly. I'm like, yeah, that's pretty much what I do. Yeah, that's cool. But that is tight, man. So how, so you guys, you started in 88, right? There was a previous incarnation of three 11 called Unity. That was 88 and 89. Gotcha. And then three 11 started on June 10th, 1990. Okay. So, and then we were in Omaha for two years putting out locally produced albums that started to do really well. So we used those as demo tapes to get us the record deal. And then we moved out to LA in 92, put out the record in early 93.


And I, it, we did, we definitely didn't like Rocket. 'cause like what you were sharing about, you know, the skateboards only like the really cool kids knew about us. We were not obviously, Obviously Obviously we were not in the Mainstream. So that's why we named our second album Grassroots. 'cause we're like, we're, we're not gonna be embraced by the mainstream culture. MTV was not touching us at that Time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we're just gonna do it through touring and stick to our guns and kind of what essay was mentioned, like REM also like you too. Like they stuck to their own weird sound and waited for culture to come to them.


So that's what we did too. Like, we're just gonna keep doing our, our rap rock with reggae, even though that's not at all what's on the radio. And then finally with the, with Down, that culture came around to us. Yeah. But we just stuck, stuck to our lane. And It's cool too 'cause you already had like, dude th music might be an all time album, dude. Like I, it's still, I'll listen to it still today and I'm like, God damn man, it's so good. All the way The production on That's insane. Like Eddie offered was the one who touched the knobs there. And you know, he was this eccentric British guy from Prague Rock World Doing, He worked with like, yes. Oh, okay. S Emerson Lake and Palmer And.


he had, he'd worked with John Lennon and stuff, so he had a ton of stories. Yeah, that's Pretty cool. And it was just this very sweet English gentleman, prototypical, right. And, and, and us. Yeah. What were you guys like early on? Were you guys like good boys, bad boys? What was going on? Smoking weed constantly. Yeah. Around around the clock. That's what's Up. That's what's up dude. Expectable Kits. Yeah, So. that was, that was your, so you guys were just like smoking weed. I'm guessing that kind of like, usually gateway to mushrooms, LSD Like what was that? Was that kind of, was it just the weed? It Was ecstasy. There you go. Yeah. Ecstasy. Don't forget that it was Jack Daniels.


Nice. So you guys kept it within like a very, I always say that is the best, like keeping it within the sphere of like weed, some alcohol, you know, obviously some ecstasy and maybe some mushrooms and acid. But that's good. So you guys were able to keep that. Did you guys have like, I obviously maybe private issues, but like any public, like meltdowns with cocaine, any stuff like that? Or did you guys keep it just kind of tight the whole time? Well, me personally, I've decided that I'm better off sober, so there you go. It, it works for me. A little caffeine is fine, but, but that's it. But everybody's in general has kind of matured and, and cleaned up their acts. So that Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. There's no problems in that arena anymore. Yeah. You get to a certain age, I used to smoke a lot of weed and it just, you get to a certain age and you're like, What the Fuck.


Am I? Exactly. I'm, I have to say my kid and I'm bugging out. I'm like, I can't do this right now. It does smell like weed in here. So was that Wasn't me. Wasn't me. No. I'm scared of it now, dude. Like, you know, I sound like an old guy, but you see like, the fucking weed is like 47%. Literally I saw one of the other It is 42%. I'm like, I don't need that, man. Well, the weed Back in the day was like very seedy, very weedy. I mean, it was, it was like a joke. I know. Dude. Snap, crackle, pop. I honestly think I could smoke a whole pound of it. It wouldn't do anything to me now, but yeah, it's like, that's cool So that, I mean, I just think it's cool because a lot of, especially in entertainment, there's this whole other thing. There's like, you know, there's your core business, which is like touring, selling tickets, albums, all that stuff.


And then there's like, let's say the forces of like, fame, fortune, all of that other stuff. And I, I really feel like that can have like such a fucking brutal effect on people. But it seems like you guys kind of just, were like, all right, let's just throw fun shows, let people have fun, keep doing our stuff. And obviously I noticed you're very like, you know, gratitude all that. And I think it, I think it's working. That's fucking awesome, man. Because you don't see it, you only see, you only see these stories that, that become like, the ones that get like glorified are like, and then they're doing this and it all fell apart and everything turned to shit. And it's like, I always wonder like, why does that happen? I'm always, I'm always curious when people are making millions of bucks. Like where's, where's all the destruct, the seeds of destruction come from? Right. Well, I think, and again, like, you know, we didn't have it.


I think he was alluding to that at the beginning, you know, we, the success didn't, wasn't there initially, you know, so it was, it took time and then yeah, you, you, you figure out shit. And this took a lot of effort to get here, bro. You know? Yeah, that makes sense. It's not Going to, you know, ruin it. So how old Were you guys when things started really popping off? You weren't, you guys weren't, oh, we were young. Yeah. I say you guys weren't old at all. No, 25, 26. That's, that's, that's, that's better than like 1921, but still that's pretty young man. Oh, Super young. Yeah. Yeah. So how old was that? What was like the big moment when you were like, holy shit, this is kind of getting outta control? Was it the Blue album or, Well, it was when you were hearing your music coming from other cars, like on the street, you know?


Yeah. And like, yeah, I remember Maybe we should move You are still in Omaha. I remember once we were doing a gig at, at the Whiskey on Sunset's trip, and I heard a car pull up with a ver with grassroots and it wasn't even out yet. Like there, like, somehow they had gotten an advance copy of it. And, they were trading it all. 'cause there was just so much demand that they were like, Damn, You know, stolen our music somehow. Yeah. Shit. That's kind of nuts. So how, how did you, so when you, when you guys first came out, you're saying you were sending stuff to radios, And, they were like, nah, like what was their big, because you, you guys said you had like Local Well it was like, we weren't the sound of the time.


Like at, you know, when we came out grunge was like, you know Yeah. On the radio. That was like alternative rock. Yeah. Yeah. And we weren't really grungy at all. You know, maybe a track here or there, but not like a whole album. Yeah. Know what you mean of a vibe. You guys were ahead of your time though because then like, you know, quote unquote rap metal became just like, blew up, like right after kind of grunge fell pretty much it was rap metal became huge. So you guys were right in time. You guys were right in time. Yeah. And it's, it's really awesome to see next generations of bands that grew up on us. Like the guys from 21 Pilots tell me that once this drunk chick came up to them after a show and was like, you guys sound like a mixture of three 11 and three 11 and And, they were like, great, we'll take it, we'll take, we'll take it.


But, and I'm friends with the guys from Turnstile and you know, they grew up on us too. So it's, it's really cool to see, you know, passing it on as we, you know, were influenced by so many bands too. So it's just our all part of a big kind of family tree. Yeah. Well, what were your guys' influences? Actually now I'm kind of curious about that. Well, When we met, like, he kind of got me into bad brains. Like, I knew of bad brains, but I didn't really listen. So He was like, we're listening to Bad Brains. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We cranked it and then, but as like as a band, you know, Jane's Addiction was a big band for Yeah. Three 11, you know, I think we all saw them together.


Helmet was another Fishbone great Band, chili Fish Peppers. Gotcha. And you guys, I'm sure you guys have met all those guys. The Peppers and all that stuff. Yeah, We played with them nice few times. Yeah. Nice. For the big turn of the millennium the night 1999. Yeah. I remember December 31st week Everyone was gonna lose all their money. Yeah. Did you guys lose all your money back then? But you came baby? It took my whole family out. We played with the Chili Hills, Chili Peppers that night at the, at the Forum So. that was like, kind of the coolest, coolest gig that we, we could've had. That's pretty Cool. Yeah. Fuck yeah, man. So what's your guys' plan now? What's the plan going forward? Obviously just staying shredded, staying ripped, obviously got the order ring Monitoring all, making sure everything's okay.


What do you think about all his monitoring going on? Do you have feelings about it or what do you think he Take care of himself? True. A lot of people are negative. A lot of people get negative. They see the order, they go, come on man, I don't wanna see that stuff. Do you want, do you want the data or are you against it? No, I mean, at home when I run I have, you know, obviously my phone's in my pocket and all. I don't, I'm not obsessed about tracking, you know? Yeah. But yeah, I mean, it's great. There's so much information these days. Right? True. So if you can tap into it, tap into it if you want, you know? True. Yeah. Damn, you guys are too chill. I'm trying to see if you guys will turn on each other, but it, it becomes like a thing, man. When you get older, it's like you do have to take the helm on some regard.


Like you said, you're running, you're doing a bunch of other stuff. I'm sure it's like, it's tough, man. You get older, it's like, it go, it gets away from you fast, dude. Oh, absolutely, man. Like, It's, Well what we do, you have to, it's, it's, It is a, it's a sport and it's, it's all season long. That's True too. Yeah. Like, you can't go home and just chill, hang on the couch. Oh, we're gonna go out in a week, you know? Yeah. Up, you can't, You can't just show up at the Super Bowl, show up without training like you have to. Yeah. Be ready. I'm, I'm guessing you guys have a pretty lively live show, so Yeah. You, I didn't even think about that. So you can't, if you, like, if you were just like, took time and chilled out, you'd be on stage like, Oh dude.


Absolutely. It's crazy. No, you're, yeah. Well that might be another reason why a lot of, you know, bands kind of just crumble because of, of the stress of touring, you know? Yeah. How do you guys deal with that though? Well, Working out. Yeah. Preparing Lifestyle, you know. Whoa. Yeah. Eat good. I, I like take a nap after sound check, you know? So I'm like, I sleep in like, I just woke up about 15 minutes before we came here. Damn. It's gotta be weird. That's gotta be crazy. It's, it's where we work nights. Yeah, true. And It's, it's hard to get We Work's my guy After the adrenaline of a show, it takes hours to like flush that out and get ready To Yeah.


Yeah. That crushes me in doing comedy clubs, you know, you're doing a club, it's packed and you just leave and go back to your room and it's silent. You're just in your hotel room, just kind of like, oh, I Love that Love. I like it. But love your body flooded with adrenaline. So do I I, dude, I get right out, I go right back to my room. But your body's just flooded with adrenaline. You're just sitting there just like I, just take melatonin and wait till I feel heavy. And I'm like, nice. I pass. I Just passed that. Well, what's crazy is that in the, in the wild times of the early two thousands and late nineties, we would party so Late, Go to sleep when the sun is coming up, and then wake up at like one smoke weed and do sound ch and like we would battle.


Yes. Well, Games you playing back then. So Caliber Board of Kombat Nice. M just the street fighting games broke. Fuck dude. That's So tight. Hockey. Fuck dude. My man. So fucking Fun. Breaking controllers when you, when you lose dude, Waking up smoking weed and playing video games and then doing a concert party all night. It is, it's you guys. You guys have cracked the code. It's the knife. You Guys have cracked the code, dude. Yeah. That's so fucking tight. I really think you guys have figured it out, man. You guys seem like, you know, you have like, you have normal fruitful, Don't say it. Fruitful lives. Delete this episode. We don't want anyone else to know. So I just done have, Have you seen in terms of like being around entertainment, have you, do you have any thoughts on kind of like how people kind of manage like levels of fame and notoriety and like how to like kind of live with it without it kind of, I guess throwing you for a loop?


Well, you know, you mentioned don't read the comments and that's kind of a, that's kind of a good thing. Like, don't Google yourself because there's people that are gonna be mean. Yeah. You know, and I think the fact that we weren't immediately embraced made it makes tough. Oh yeah, yeah. Right. You guys made us tough thick skin already and We looked inside the circle. You can't hurt my Feelings. What he said. That makes sense. You kind of, you gotta keep like a tight, because It is true, especially with the internet now. It's like, you know, especially having like families, like I, you know, I'm like, I have my life with like my kids. Then there's like me on a fucking computer screen just getting all kinds of whatever.


Like, yeah, great. Fuck, this guy sucks. He's the worst. Right. And then like, I'll catch myself being almost more concerned about like, you know, my digital rendering with the comments on the line. And I'll be like, with my kids, I'm like, what do I do? And dude, this is sick. This is discu. You know, it really does need to be like, it's such a hard thing to sever because it's you, but it's also not you in a sense. If that makes sense. Yeah. They know he's not a mister. Yeah, True, true, True. That there's a mr thing to worry about. I haven't fucking missed it. I think. So, I guess I'm trying to think what other questions I have. So you guys, you did the, you guys are in it for the long haul. What's the plan? Do you guys have like a, cause you have the crews too, by the way.


Were you guys the first ones that started doing kind of like the One of them, but not the first of Them. Got you. One of, yeah, like at first they were called like blues cruises. Yeah. So there was like kind of a thing with blues bands to go and, and then they, they contacted us and we were like, we think your band would be perfect for this. And then it turned out to be awesome. We're doing our seventh one coming this eighth. Eighth, eighth. There you go. Damn. So we rotate one one earlier this year. We did three 11 day, which is our big kind of convention in Vegas. And then the next spring accrues. So they're like destination. It wouldn't have worked in the early days of three 11 because, you know, they're high school kids that don't have the money to go. True. And the fan base isn't really built Yet.


No, that's true. Yeah. You gotta be like, ask your parents, come on. We get it out there. Yeah. My, so my cousin's husband, I think he's been on it multiple times. Oh yeah. Shout out Flick dude. Yeah, he's, he's a mega fan, you guys. That's great. But he, he sweared by the cruise. He said, the cruise It is fun. Sick. You were like, initially when we were approached, I'm like, that sounds awful. That's, That's as soon as I heard. I didn't know it existed until years ago. And I heard about it. I'm like, obviously dude, that sounds like such a good idea. And It, and it's, and it's turned into a, a shit ton of fun. Yeah, I bet. It is so much fun. So where do you guys go? Where's what's like the cruise destination? Usually We're going to Nassau this time and one other destination. Yeah. Something. It, They, we keep switching it up. It's always in the Caribbean. How many shows do you usually play on the cruise?


Is it like, like Three, two To three? Yeah. Oh, that's nice. And then they can stop and get off and then come on, there's like a concert. That's a fucking, that's a a cool idea. Yeah. And a bunch of other cool bands. Other acts. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. Yep. Comedians nice. Yep. Well that's pretty cool. Bring me out to see. Yeah, man. And tonight, you guys got the, you guys are at the Moody Center? The, is that what it's called? It's outside in, yeah. Yeah. Wait, outside. Outside. Yeah. You guys playing outside tonight? Yeah. Yeah. You guys gonna be fucking sweating your balls off there. It is 105 degrees today. Yeah. It's hot. So joke Out there. Nice man. Yeah. Oh, that makes, you're at the movie Moody Amphitheater, I think, or whatever it's called. Yeah. Hell yeah, man. Well, nice. What else, what, what, what are the, gimme some of the major lessons you guys have gleaned from your years and years and years?


Hmm. Well I was just gonna mention that, you know, we, we have a new album Right on That is coming out this fall. I Was gonna ask you that. I saw the single, I was curious if you had the album So that I think one thing we want to do is put out music a little bit more frequently, but, you know, the pandemic kind of slowed everything down and we were just kind of scrambling to even stay connected with our fans. We were doing like, live streams from our studio playing music and grassroots and everything in its entirety. But we're super excited about this new album and I would just, you know, encourage younger artists to play out as much as possible because it's like, live music is the most important thing.


It can't be replicated by, you know, a a studio artist. You, you, it's, it's like a tradition that's gone back a hundred thousand years. You know, rhythmic music goes back that far. Melodic music, maybe 50,000 years. So we're part of that tradition of one set of guys plays an instrument. The other, the other people dance and, you know what I mean? So it's, it's, it's just very important to play live a lot. So that's kind of one piece of advice. I always just take every gig. Yeah. You know? That's awesome play. Are you familiar with Ha Harry Nielsen? Yeah. Apparently he never played live. That was the bane of his existence.


He had like a zillion albums, but he, he could never play live. Too nervous. Too nervous. Yeah. There's a doc on him, right? Yeah. Yeah. He was too nervous. He was so good. He just couldn't play live. It's kind of tragic. Yeah. The guy saying guy from XTC too at one point said, I'm done with Live. Really? 'cause he had a panic attack and And He was like, I am done. And that was a big influence. That's that's a really good group. But damn. And I think I at one point did kind of struggle with a bit of anxiety and then, you know, I just needed to learn, learn tools to deal with it. Yeah. You know, walk towards the fear, like Yep. You Know, can't walk away from it. I, I've panic attacks on stage doing standup like five times a year.


It's nothing I just eat them. I just sit there. I'm like, I'm gonna die. I'm gonna have a heart attack. And I'm like, all whatever. Bring it on. Yeah. Here we go. I'm gonna forget. That's the one things, it's like, I'm gonna forget everything. Right. That, that like thought is just an absolute warm, like a brain worm. Like I'm gonna forget everything. Yeah. You are staring at you and you're like, oh, it's happening. I knew this. You know, but you just gotta Prove it. Yeah. And I think having the mantra of like, stop, I'll know what to do when I get there. Just trusting that you're gonna know what to do with when you get there. And then it kind of is a way to end that. I think you're right. It, It's, it's in you and it's just the questioning of is it in me creates that, that feeling of panic.


Yeah. Just to stop. I'll know what to do when I get there. It's a good move. It's a good call. What do you think about that? Well, for me personally, it's just I just, just try to stay in the moment at all times. Like, you know, I, I kind of grew up performing. I was always in musical performances in school, et cetera. So it was something that in, in, in my family too, it's like we all kind of performed and, but I remember our first like, big show we did, it was in Omaha before we were to embark on our trek out to LA and we played our biggest show to date.


It was in front of like 2000 fans in Omaha. And I'm like, holy shit, how am I gonna do this? You know? This is serious. Yeah. This is like, this is next level. But yeah, you just, you you do it and, and we we learned it together essentially. Yeah. You know, that's True. It wasn't like, it wasn't like a Yeah. Solo ax or whatever and trying to figure it out or getting over these humps obstacles, et cetera. But to, to, back to your point, I think you place a lot of those in front of you. You know, like for me, I try not to look at the set list while we're performing because I have on occasion looked at a song and then I'm like, start thinking it Nick, wait, how's that, how's that going again?


You know, so it's just kind of there for like a reference point. But I rarely look at it. I do sometimes, like how many fucking songs we have left? Yeah, Yeah. I'm done. You Know, other than that. But yeah, no, that's A, that is a, that is a fun thing to think about. 'cause it's like, especially with anxiety, which again, if you're doing any kind of performance, even if you're like going into a meeting at work, there's always anxiety, you know? And it's like, the way I think about It is I think a lot of people take it pretty, I think unhelpful approach to it today where it's like, you know, just like, just silence that part of your brain with a pill, which, you know, some people need, whatever, but there's a lot of people where it's like, if I were to listen every time I got like supremely nervous about a thing, if I were to not do it, dude.


Like, I don't, I can't imagine what my life would be like. You know what I'm saying? Sure. Like, like Purdue was stand up, my heart was leaping outta my chest when I first started. Yeah. If I had been listening, like, no, you're right. Let me just not, I'm scared Not do that. Right, right, right. Dude. And it makes sense. 'cause it's literally built into our body to keep us from like genuine physical threats. But when it comes to like, oh, here I wanna perform And, they, they're not gonna like eat you. It's just kind of like, you know, it's kind of amazing to think of like the lives that lay on the other side of like, pretty intense personal fear. Yeah. And I think we're told to kind of be like, yeah, yeah, listen to that. Dull yourself. You know, get away from that. Yeah. It's, It's Much better. I think it's the worst advice To have, like exposure therapy. Like, let's go in towards that thing that's making us really uncomfortable. Last week's version of this American life has some really cool stories about like a guy that gets a concussion, a woman that gets a concussion, and then everything loud, bright, like for years.


And she just kept avoiding those until she met a doctor that was like, go towards those most uncomfortable things and then that broke the, the hold that it had on her. So to me, I always just, you know, walk towards the fear or discomfort, whatever It is, you gotta keep pushing into it or else it's gonna rule you. Yeah, exactly. I, I, I went to, I, I studied to be a social worker, like, you know, in between doing standup and like, I went to go, I was like, ah, maybe I wanna be a therapist. I was kind of bouncing back and forth, but I would bring up exposure therapy in my social work school, And. they were like, that's abuse. I'm like, no, it's not. It's like demonstrated to be like 83% effective, like better than a lot of other forms of therapy for anxiety.


And they'd be like, that's kind of rugged. It's like, well, so is life. Like, you know, like you gotta do stuff that is scary and you know, you can't always just be like, oh, I feel very comfortable and say it, it doesn't work that way, man. Totally. It does not work that kids today, oh man, dude, don't get me started. I was in school with a bunch of like 22 year olds being like, actually, and I was like, guys have no fucking idea what you're talking about literally. But that is cool man. I'm, it really pumps me up to see you guys are able to kind of like, again, just be in a space that is, you know, can be very, you know, threatening to people's wellbeing and, and just, just stick to the mission of like, you know, we have our, I think you mentioned like our core circle. Let's just focus on each other, our families obviously the three 11 babies and just, you know, keep the blinders on eye on the prize and don't get caught up in all the bullshit and the hype and just blast through.


Let's go coach. It's awesome, man. That's what I'm saying. Come on. Yeah. 'cause that was the thing is basically we had our, our little gang so we could just walk into a venue and just, we had each other. So it just supplemented our confidence a lot. Like, I don't know how solo artists do it, but for us it was, it was just great to have that crew and our road crew there and it was just like a big family. So we'd just go in there with swagger and blow the place up. That's Awesome dude. I think, I think, I don't know, is there anything else you guys wanna talk about? You got, you got the new album coming out. I mean, I think people should also dig into your entire discography, discography. 'cause it's, I didn't know how many albums you guys had. I knew you had like a decent amount, but I like looked at it like three days ago.


I was like, What the Fuck, these guys are releasing album after album. Yeah. It's insane. Were you, were you like conceptualizing the live albums or the, the albums for live shows more so, or were you just kinda like putting 'em out for like a listening screen? How were You doing that? It very, like the blue album was meant to be like, what are songs that just kick ass live? But then the one after that transistor was just more experimental and studio trickery. So, you know, we Kind Of went through different phases. You, you Do sometimes in our history. Like, yeah, well, what are they gonna like, love to listen to that type of thing, you know? Yeah. What's gonna get hype and, and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. Yeah. You think, did you ever, did you ever have a song where you're like, the crowd's about to go fucking nuts and you play it and they're like, all right, damn.


Last night. Yeah. That's part of the thing though, man. Like the same thing with standup. You're like, this joke's about the murder. Oh it's Gonna kill, it's gonna Kill. Bro. Never just looks at you. Like, why did he just disclose that detail about himself? That's not funny. That's disturbing. You're like, Yeah, Moving on. Yeah. That is a process though. You gotta, you throw it out eventually you're like, okay, wow. This one, what was the, what was the song that like absolutely murdered that, is there anything that surprised you guys that you were like, damn, I didn't think this thing would be The one Well Down was a hit before it was a hit, like when we played it, but it was also just the zeitgeist of our fan dumb building, you know, moment where it was just like the pot's about to blow, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. And that, but that, that was a song that we, when we played, it was a hit already. Yeah. You know, and it wasn't even on radio yet, you know? Right. Yeah. Was there anything that, like on the other way where you're like, this is, you're like, whatever about the song and it turned out to be popular. You, you always had a sense like, Well with Amber we were, we were so used to putting out hard singles and worrying about like, the male part of our fa fan base. But then that song really was just like a sleeper that Oh yeah. It's classic as well. So you're saying that that was not for, that was for the ladies. You are saying, I mean it's, it's more of a romantic song, but for sure then we'd have like these huge meatheads would be like, Amber's my favorite Song. It does real dude.


It's awesome. It does. that song for real does something to you when you're like just sitting there, you're like, God, this is so fucking nice. Dude. My, my energy's definitely Amber dude. It was our first Chill single ever. We'd always had rockers before that. Like Crushed too. I That must It Went. Yeah. It was like number one for a really long time. That's Awesome. You did it for The Babes. What did the Babes say afterwards? The Babes like, thank you or Amber is the color. But it's having a moment now with like teenage tiktoks, a lot of people making videos of them and a lot of times they use the slightly sped up version that makes it a little bit like, sound like Chipmunks, but whatever.


Brat baby, They'll probably do it so they can like fit it into like a, you know, I notice people do that now online where it's like they'll just speed themselves up talking at like three times as speed. You're like, yeah, It is already bad for me enough. I don't need, I don't need this, this fast. Just more information faster. Right. Get it in. Well dude, thank you so much. And where's, where can people get tickets? You guys are on tour right now. Where can people get tickets for the rest of your guys'? Summer. Everything's at three eleven.com and we're heading over towards California and up the coast to Seattle and, and then we've got various flight dates in the fall and we're going to Australia for the first time in a long time. Ooh, Nice. Around Thanksgiving. Hell Yeah, man. That's there summer too, isn't it? It'll Just be starting.


Yeah. Nice. Well dude, thank you guys so much, man. Yeah man, man. Thank you. This was fun, man. Appreciate it. Thank you guys. Yeah, thanks for the invite. Of course.