
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wes. Yes. My legs feel so smooth right now. Why? I don't know. Just my skin just feels fucking, Your skin's clunk. I haven't, I haven't sat like this, I guess since last week with my legs. No, start at the beginning there. Yeah. Oh, that's good Stuff with my skin. Yeah. That's good Stuff. That works true. That's a good, I don't, I'm just saying I'm surprised by my, my leg. Usually my legs hit my other leg and I go, Ew, get that the fuck off Me. Yeah. It's rough. My skin's dry as shit at all times. Is It high right now? I got fucked. I was in Omaha last weekend. I got all dried out in the cold. Yeah. Came back like I had that alligator skin, but yeah, I was, yeah, I've got it right now.


I was staring at my skin the entire meeting. I was just having, yeah. For one straight hour. I was going, God damn, I got dry skin. Yeah. I do that every now and again. I catch like, There you go Shane. What do you think of that? And I go, yeah, for sure. You can like see individuals. I was definitely, listen, skin cells. I wasn't staring at my skin. I know. I've been pretty spacey today too. I wasn't staring at how red my face is. The entire Zoom meeting. Just going, Jesus Christ. They got, why don't they let you do a different background? They should let you just do a whole different face. That way you're not staring at your own face. I know. I should do cafe. Just put the cat. You know that lawyer? You ever see that lawyer? It was during Covid and old guy had to call in for a thing and his grandkids were fucking with the computer. It was like a cat, like when he talked it would talk.


And he was like, I'm not a cat. And they're like, yeah, we know. It's classic. That is pretty good. I've been, I've been fired up. Dude. It's too many Sketers. The Sketers Texas from S Skitters. They, Dude, they don't Hell here. I feel bad 'cause I know my wife gets crushed. They don't touch me, man. I don't know what it is they don't like. Yeah, they get me. That sucks. Yeah, I know a couple people. I think it's a blood type thing. But also just They're everywhere. They're fucking everywhere here. Like, they're in my house. I was, I tried to get in the hot tub last night. There's 20 of them. Yeah. Yeah. You around, you're around that water too. Yeah. Mother fucking swamp back there Around the bayou. Yeah, I'm down here on the Bayou. Yeah. I don't, I'm, I don't what do that? The mosquitoes, I swear I got You are up on the high plains.


I'm on the high plane. I'm in the grasslands. Yeah. I really am kind of in the grasslands, but I will say I'm battling a neon green spider right now. It's kind of my, it's kind of my bro right now. It's in my blueberry bush. Is What's he up to? Do you know what kind of, have you figured out What kind of split it is? Yeah. I did. Dude. I I I deed it right away. Yeah. Lemme see. I'll show you a picture of this guy. He's pretty spooky, dude. You gotta let him chill. I am. He's, he's Jackson or just Jackson's gonna eat it, bro. Look at that guy. Neon Green Spider. Oh, he is great. He's a good guy. Looks like a little shamrock spider. What kind of spider is that? Boy, I forget what he's called. Let me, I have my family. I sent it to my little nephew. He gives me my bug. Id did it. Yeah. IDed it. Lemme see what I got here right now. Go hit the family chat, man. It's been active actually in here. Oh, here it is.


Spx. He called it a sphinx spider, although he is like seven, so he could be fucking wrong. Yeah, I think he might be wrong. Sounded like thanks Dude. I found Yeah, you would love this book. I found the book on Amazon. I I was sitting there. I don't know what I was doing. I was just like watching TV with my family and I was like, dude, has anyone ever written a book exclusively about farts, like the science? And nobody has. I haven't, I haven't seen it. At least Like a scientific Yeah. Like, you know how, what's like, you know, how do they start? Like what it Yeah, exactly. What are they, what happens if you hold them in? Like, just stuff you'd want, like everything you'd wanna know about them. Which by the way, I don't think that book exists, but I did find a book about this guy self-publish a book on Amazon called Never Trust a Fart.


And it's, it's six. It's six, Six short stories of shit himself. Yes. That's awesome. Oh, just his like, bros. They're like best shit themselves. Story, dude, I that's was cackling. That's a great idea. It's Unbelievable. And they, it's like the guy, the guy who wrote it. It's very like, I don't know how to explain it. You know, when, like, I, I can't even, I honestly can't think of a way to explain it, but he just, I guess he not like uses cliches, but he uses like, and like Dale was a redblood, like any red-blooded American man has a close, close brush with, you know, and he like it. Dude, it's so Funny, funny people shitting himself. Stories are like the best. Oh dude. They, they hold up. I don't know who it was. I'm trying to remember who it was. You remember the guy, he, he shit himself on a train and then had to throw his pants out the window of the no one, no one remembers this.


Was this somebody we know. I feel like it's either somebody we know or a bar stool guy. And I can't remember At least he got rid of his underwear. He's on a dude. The stories, the stories I'm reading, everyone fails to ditch the shitty underwear. One guy goes on a date, he's like in college, he's like, on a date with this girl. And it's like, set long enough Ago. I'm sorry to cut you. Who the fuck is shitting? Who's risking a fart on a date? Dude, this is crazy, man. Everybody does the same thing. You wait until the date's over and then you uncork one. He was on his way to the date. He was walking over and it like, yeah, All right. Right before the date you gotta let it out. You, You get back. And he was late. He was running late. And you get enough backstory where he builds up the characters. He is like, he was Dale's a hardworking man. He is working two jobs.


Any hardworking man has to eat fast food. There's no way around it. Yeah. And his stomach was like, and he uses a lot of like gurgle, gurgle block. And he Is like, he is not, he's Hemingway. Oh dude. He, he Is very easy. He really is Short sentences, four word sentences. They're so good. And it'll be like, and then he gambled. He thought he could get away with it. He goes, I got this one licked. And it was just like, splat. And he just shit himself already late, goes into the door. This is the first story I won't give away. The other ones there. I've read four after the fourth. I'm like, I think I get it. I start reading the next one. I'm like, this is so fucking funny. But yeah, he shit himself heading up to the date was already late. The girl was all made up in the dorm room with her roommate. And he was like, oh guys, I'm sorry. I gotta hit the bathroom.


And he took off his shitty underwear. It was all contained. And he saw this big window outta the dorm. He could have thrown the shitty underwear out, tried to flush it, underwear. The toilet backs up. Of course he climbed out the window, got on a tree and just escaped. And the girls thought he was in the bathroom the whole time. So then after like 35 minutes, he wasn't answering. So I called the fire department. The fire department kicked down the door and there was just shitty under, I thought He was Dead. There was just shitty underwear floating in the toilet. And he just never talked to the girl ever again. He's an apparition. He's literally, there was a far demon. He is a shit demon. He's like, Now Steve's a family man through and through and is like a guy taking his family to a football game.


He shits his pants. It's so funny. Dude. It's so Funny. I shit my pants before the Super Bowl. Did you? In sixth. Sixth grade. Oh shit. Yeah. I was trying to cut weight, got vicious diarrhea from not eating or eating some crazy shit. And then right when we got to, right when we drove the whole way to the, to the field, I shit, You went to the Super Bowl in sixth grade. It was what we called the Super Bowl. It was just Oh, pony, pony football. Yeah. You and shit. Yeah. I was in sixth grade. I was playing in the Super Bowl. I was trying to cut weight for the bowl. I thought you were just at the Super Bowl. Spectating. Nah, the Rams.


Rams. Titans. That was sixth grade. Sixth grade. Super Bowl Titans weren't gonna let me play unless I cut weight. No, I had to, I had to lose weight. And I So you're about to play in the bowl? Yeah. I was about to play in the bowl. The first Bowl game. That was my first Super Bowl. Damn. And I, and I, shit. And then I tied a hoodie around my, we, I was wearing white. Don't dude, everyone. I was wearing white shorts. And I knew it had to have gone through. It was a spurt. It was a spurt. It was right when I was getting outta the car. So people were just watching me walk away and I tied my hoodie around my waist. Oh, like a fucking weirdo. No, dude. I'm telling you, it's a cla it's an archetype. It's, it's An actual hell.


I mean, what else can you do, Dude? A guy who was taking his family in this is, I will, I will spoil another story. He was taking his family into the game. He was like, I gotta take a dump. And he was doing like a quick walk away. And his wife had just given him a talk about like, no, letting kids pull your finger and farting. Like, we gotta set a better example for our kids. Yeah. And he's like, for sure. No more of That. For sure. And he goes to run. And every, the funniest part is every guy, the way he describes, like guys getting away with it, being like, yeah, I didn't shit myself this time. And then he's just being like, oh no. And he, it was like cold out and he just tied his sweatshirt around his waist and just sat, he like ditched his boxers sat like that. And it was like his whole family, are you cold? He's like, I'm fine. And he just had, he was contained in the mess. Come On man. It was a football weather. But even him, dude, he didn't, what would you do if you shit your pants in a parking lot?


You'd throw them somewhere else. Yeah. Stashed him under the driver's seat of his car. And then his daughter, who was a, a teenager was, has her learner learner's permit. She's like, I'll drive home. And she opens the door and everyone's like, oh my God. And he just kept being like, must be a dirty diaper. I don't know what it is. And she reached back to pull the seat back and just hit the shitted drawers and was like, and the dude, the wi how mad the wives get in these stories. It's So, I I I sympathize with the, the wives. I'd be furious. Oh Dude, dude, just go throw your fucking underwear somewhere else. Yeah. Yeah. It is. I mean, dude, I'd never trust a fart. It might be a literary masterpiece. So good. Yeah. I hope to check that out. I wanted to bring it So I could just give you a, the passages are so Funny, dude.


Yeah, it'd be nice, but I Won't spoil it for, We probably got some good shit. Your pants stories outta this crew. It looks like we got some bruisers in this squad. Yeah. Let me, when's the last time, time? Come on man. Nah, I'm Not a pan Shitter. You never shit your pants. I don't really shit my pants like that. You don't really, I don't think. And when you say you don't really, I mean, the last time I shit my pants was like sixth grade. It's not like I really shit my pants last year, by The way, was last year. Carnivore diet shit. My pants, by the Way, as I was saying it, I realized that's complete lie. Well you, we gotta save the tales for the book. True. You should take this. I'm gonna write Eight stories, stories as just one guy. You've got nothing on me. Take this as Simon and Schuster. I feel like there's guys that shit their, their pants a lot.


Like didn't Del Calo talk about it a lot? I think so. Dude, the, these, these stats on it are staggering. Dude. It's like 10% of the adult population shits themself like every couple months. It's something insane. I'm Part of the 10%. When's the last time you shot yourself? I'm proud to be part of the 10%. You're 10 percenter? Yeah, I'm a 10 percenter and I, it happened so often. I can't even recall like the last time. Really? Yeah. Yeah. But not like turds or nothing. Yeah. No one's dropped logs. It's just diarrhea. I don't think I've ever dropped a full log, but I've squirted out some diarrhea probably on a month. Once A month. I bet. Schedule I You guys drop. I bet you guys are shitting your pants at the creek in the cave a lot when you guys are out.


Yeah, I probably shitting my Pants lair. Why are you acting like this? Isn't you? I don't shit my pants. When's the last time you did? Or just had a messy fart? That was, that counts a Mess. Messy, a messy fart is what we're basically we're talking about. I don't, I don't, I don't, I try not to like fart. I fart in my sleep. You know. This is Lair. You la You stink fucking rooms gas out all time. You can't even think of a last Time. Time. We last week heard last we stopped the podcast and he had his shit for a half an hour. We, we had wait and he tried to go across the street to Shit too, but that's because I was poisoned by Nate. We can't, we got poisoned by Nate. I feel like you have to be poisoned a lot. You Gotta get poisoned a Lot.


No, dude, I'm good at holding it and like, not pooing before I like, I've been poop before I go out. Except for last week. Except for last week. Last week was a shame pool. What was that? Two shit breaks. Tried to go across the street to shit on the clock. Tried to go across the street. We had a bathroom right there. Like no, no, no, no. You gotta shit on site. How Was, how was the episode received? I think It was, it felt, yeah. 'cause it was supposed to be a Patreon episode. Yeah, I Know. But we, We brought the me guard dog me guard dog. And we let the squad down a little. No, I don't think So. I thought we had it. I thought we had one. You guys went Into the fucking, we Were at Chappelle's. We had it. We recorded it. The ask is cr I, dude, I'm so scared of asking. I was So I've, I've asked him.


That's crazy. I've asked Chappelle to do so many things. It's so, it's so honorable to be like, to go there and be like, yeah, I'd literally rather shit my pants than be like, Hey, can you do my podcast, Dave? I was there. I was like, Dave, this is crazy. Feel free to say no, we gotta do a podcast. Depends when you ask him. Yeah, true. Yeah. And then in the morning you go, there's no way he is gonna do that. And then he was like, I don't wanna do it. And I was like, fair. Fine. And then I waited like 20 minutes. I called him back and I was like, dude, dude, just do the fucking podcast. Podcasts are, they'd be like, dude, they're like fucking kind of swaying elections. They're not, it's not fucking, But then we did it and the audio is not guard Dog's fault, but the audio is horrendous.


Maybe we'll put it out on Patreon, but it's not. I Listened to some the audio side. It's just, it's just an, I had a, I was just nervous. And the conversations just kind of me. It's one of those podcasts where you do, where you go, I'm just gonna tell him these stories. I'm talking only to him. Yeah. Everybody that's listening to it has heard me tell these stories. Yeah. 900 times. But I'm just trying to talk to him. I don't Know. That makes, that makes sense. I don't, It ended up being a dud. You think so? All right. I mean, it's also, it's fucking sick 'cause it's, you know. Yeah. It's like Dave Chappelle, But the mike was on the bar and he was just walking around such a power move. So you can't really hear him. That's He'll hop in sometimes. That's such a sick move though.


Yeah. Because he knows how, he knows how Mike's work. He does. Yeah. He's very familiar with Mike's Just asking him to keep it a fist away from his face. No one, no one could do it. Everyone just, no, Literally, I'm just sitting there going, no one's gonna be able to hear this. He is just walking around. It's such a sick move though to just be like, yeah, I'm going to take a fuck. Although maybe he's just used to being lobbed up. I I, yeah. I don't know. Should Have lo him with the mic. I Think he rightfully doesn't, Doesn't give a fuck at all. Yeah. He just didn't give a fuck. And I was, you know, I was like, we're not gonna film it. There's no video. Yeah. You know, That's sick. He He's always worried about getting clipped. Yeah, For sure. Like everything He says, someone's gonna clip.


Yeah. True. And it's like, yeah, he's, he was, he was in the crossfire for a while. Yeah. The crosshairs for a while there with Netflix. Yeah. He made out All right. But he, I, yeah, I think he was, every time he Yeah. Puts anything out, they're on his ass. He's back in the crosshairs. Yeah. They're on his fucking ass. I watched the, I watched the Damon Wayne's club. Sheha. Yeah. And he was like saying how, you know, he's like, he was basically saying he is like, Dave was the only one out of our, like, our group who just kept doing it. He goes, I can't do it anymore. He's like, if I do, he's like, I can't say all those guys. Steve Harvey, they want, they're like, if, if I did a special right now, it would just ruin my whole life. It's like, just do it dude. Do it Steve. Yeah. Do it.


Fucking do it. I Mean, we actually talked about that. We, we talked about Steve Harvey for a little. Did you really? That's how great he is. He is the man. Yeah. Although he got a lot of people, people like to shit on Harvey. Dude. He's the man. His morning show is so fucking, I love his morning show. I didn't even know he had one. Huh? A morning show, dude. He's got the biggest morning radio show. He's got like one of the biggest morning radio shows of like all time. Yeah. Oh yeah. What is it? What's it called? Steve Harvey the Morning? Steve Harvey in the morning. Oh, is it on the radio? It's on the radio. It's on like, oh. Oh yeah. It's on like FM radio, but it's like, it's like really syndicated dude. He's got like, he's the radio God dude, Steve Harvey in the morning. When is that? Is it still on Wds?


It is on like, it's on like old, like, you know, there's like Power 99. Yeah. Like young black people. It's on old black people. Right. W-D-W-D-S-F 4 4 5. I never had access to all black people Radio. It's fucking sick. It's, it's all, it's like four songs. Central PA did not even close. It was, I mean, I remember being excited when we got pop. Yeah, true. For real. Pops you, we had Country the whole time and it was like, I, I didn't like it. Dude. WDSS We Classic Rock though. It's Brian McKnight 40,000 times a day. And then it's that one guy goes, I can't stop Loving You. That plays a thousand times. And then it's just Steve Harvey all morning. It's two songs. And Steve Harvey. Steve Harvey rules.


Yeah. He does rule.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


Club Shehe. Man. How, how long can it go? Dude, he's, I think he's trying to recapture the, the Cat Williams episode. But like, 'cause you can tell he wants to beef dude. He wants, nobody wants all the smoke. Like, I gotta ask to do Club Chase. You did. I was wondering about that. Yeah. When's it coming? I didn't, I'm not, I haven't done have To do. I'm just gonna say, my friend Matt's a Hollywood pedophile. What? That's all I'm gonna do. He's gonna go What? I'm say? Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about that. You gotta do Sheha. No, I just, I will, I would love to whenever I'm, hopefully I can be in town for it. Where is, Where's he, where is Sheha? I Don't know. They were talking about doing it in Vegas at one point.


Dang. But I don't know where it is. Me either. It's Probably LA or Atlanta. I was thinking, don't you find that out? I was thinking, yeah. Where do they film Shehe? Yeah, I've been, I've been, I've been taking Which Atlanta? I can probably, I can probably get in there, bro. I'll I'll go full Cat one. You got, You got La. Yeah. Damn. Sheha would be sick. I don't head out La way very often. You gotta do it. I, I, I noticed Andrew Schultz was in, he did like a lot. He did this one podcast where he had to like, it was like him verse, it was like him just first like four black dudes and they're trying to attack him for, I don't know if that was a whole thing. Oh, It was Ryan Clark. Who was that? Ryan Clark. He's, he's actually the man. Yeah. He's, he's li he's lib.


But he is a good bro. He's a good bro. Yeah. Yeah. They were, they were trying to get him and he was like, dude, you've literally had people. Because that, that thing he said about like, he's like, you literally have people On's pretty come back beating black Women. He's like, well we, we, we pressed him on him, but you know, they asked to edit it so we let them. That was, it's pretty smart of him. It was funny though, doing but just watching him do battle. Just black, black podcast battle is like's pretty sick. Chu will go in. Yeah, he did. He battle. He fully did. It was pretty, it was fun to watch because I was following it loosely and I was like, damn, they're fucking really giving It to me. That's tough to go in there and Battle. I mean, but if you have, he had the, you know, the drum card. Go Into a black podcast and battling is nuts, dude. Yeah, dude. You get me on Breakfast Club or any of these, I'm gonna be like fucking Yeah.


I hate racism. Fucking Trump racist piece of shit. I like Biden. That's the funniest first thing I Like Biden. Obviously I hate racism. Like, we didn't ask you any Questions. I hate racism and Yeah, Kamal Harris was great. I love, although They could go you into an epic white spazz, that show is designed to evoke crazy white spazz. I Don't think they would get me a spazz, but I think they would get me to finally be like, that's what you're saying is wrong. They'll bring the lady, that lady who zooms in is s she's like an agent crafted you perfectly. Oh yeah. On Breakfast Club. Yeah. Yes.


That Lady. It's not Angela Yee, is it? No. Who is it? No, no. It's just this lady who zooms In. I know who It's, They bring her in for Ram. She zooms into battle. Like Ramas Ramas eats at lunch. He always have Rames Swami and he fucks her up. Well, to be fair, she has to be fair. She's, she's arguing with zero facts, which is impressive. She just cuts off. She just cuts off and just goes like, does the classic, like, no, no, no. Just answer my question. You're like, yeah, well obviously you like, okay. That's all I gotta say. You're like, what the fuck? Argue with zero effects. Come On man. What she does. I've watched like four interviews.


It's, it's So funny. S the view. You tell me Ladies argue with zero effects. True. That kind of is their thing. Fuck you. They're just nothing but Dr. Strange portals the whole time. You're like, wait a second. How the fuck did we get to this subject? Where am I? But yeah, that, that's, that was, that was kind of my week at YouTube. How was fucking, how was I had a great week. Yeah. How Was the fucking Chap Ranch? Chappelle's was fucking awesome. It sounded sick as hell. First night. Some members of Wutang were there and performed. That's awesome. And then we got to hang Talib Qua was up there. That was good. Nice. Sick. It was awesome. I mean, it was the whole time.


And I guard Dog and I brought Guard Dog and James came the next day and they, you know, rightfully, they were nervous to be like, holy shit, we're gonna hang out with Dave Chappelle. I was telling him the whole time, I was like, wait till you meet this guy. He's literally the nicest. Yeah, Dude. He's a man. Two people have truly stunned me. Louis CKI was like, whatever. I, I was like, I couldn't think. I was like, holy fuck dude. And then I I, when you did that show in the Garden, I was just in the same room as Dave Chappelle. And as soon as he was like, how you doing? I was like, oh, fuck yeah, no. Completely blanked out. I was like, dude, whatever. I'm pretty normal, pretty natural. As soon. No, I just added a third to the people that have stunned me. Who? Caitlyn Clark. Dude. What? Caitlyn Clark was at the show. She, I, I don't know if she was a fan or her boyfriend or I don't know who you know, but before the show we were in Indianapolis on Saturday and we were like, this is the house that Kaitlyn Clark built.


We were talking about the Pacers Arena. And then we were at lunch and I was like, you'd be fucking sick if Caitlyn Caitlyn Clark came to the show. That'd be nice. Yeah, that'd be awesome. And I was like pacing back and forth between the show and the green room. And then I just, Caitlyn Clark walked By. Do, that's just where she paces too. And I was like, do you want to hang out in the green room? She was like, yeah, sure. What? Yeah, that's sick. And I walked in and I was like, also James brought his friend James brought his friend to fly back with us to Austin, who was a priest. Okay. Which is great. He was awesome. But I did have a priest in the green room. It was me, big J who Soder was making fun of. Looks like my goth stylist and my road priest, Road priest.


Like having to explain to people, like, I don't bring a priest all the time. Caitlyn Clark. I don't bring a chaplain on the road. Kind of the move though. But yeah, she was one. I was like, got me a little. If you Start moving like a military platoon, like you have like a chaplain, you have a coach. Chaplin Cook, God stylist. Dude, you had Caitlin Clark a priest. That's like a, it sounds like a bar joke. Really? Yeah. It's like an Australian, a priest. And Caitlyn Clark walked into a green room, Green room and watched me play UFC. You should have had either Nate La Mayor just walk by and go space invade. That'd be a six space invaders. Your your Kaylee Clark.


Yeah. Battle Your black lady bumping you. Yeah. I, I that's, I had another good invite to the green room, which was very fun. So in Columbus, right before we were leaving the green room, a bunch of the Columbus Blue jacket's wives came back to say hi. I got, so it was literally just four professional athletes. Wives came walking back. We, my literally, first thing I said, I was like, what are you guys doing here? 'cause there were no husbands for sure. Yeah. It was literally just four beautiful women. Yeah. And I was like, what Can I help you? I was like, for Real? Whatcha guys doing here? And they're like, oh, blah blah, can we get a picture? I was like, yeah. And then I was trying to be polite, but it looked like I was being a sex pt.


How So? I was like, do you guys want to, there's drinks in there if you guys want hang out. They were like, no, we're All right. I was like, there's if you want, you don't have, you can hang out. And then I walked away like, probably looks like a fucking psycho Because were, you're just being hospitable. But I, I get know, but when it's four hot ladies and you're like, do you, you guys want to hang out in the green room? You guys want some alcohol Now? There's alcohol in there if you guys need anything, I got it. You know? Yeah. There's chicken tenders and nachos and Bud Light if you guys want it. You know, typical hot lady stuff. We got an Xbox and chicken fingers. Where were their hubbies? I don't know. Maybe they were on the road. Maybe the Blue jackets. They were probably in a away game.


Oh, I got what you're saying. Yeah. So they weren't like out, like, you know, they were not there for real. Must Have been rained out or some shit. Dang. So they were not there at all. It was a Biggie Smalls reference. What was what? I said it must been rained out. Biggie. Small stone with a rain out. Yeah. Nothing. It's a song he sings about fucking NBA player's wife. Oh Jesus. And then the NBA player comes home. S like, where, what's happening? He is like, I don't know. Shit. Must have been rained out or something. Which one? He says showing Head six, Six months. You're just talking about refreshment Cool Freshman. So now you're Like, yeah, fucking Yeah. The players were gone. And the wives and the wags, when the players are gone, the wags Wags would play the wags Would play the Wags of Columbus Come play.


But then they saw like, damn, he has the queen babe of he has the queen babe of the Midwest here. No, that was the next night. That was Indianapolis. Oh Duh. It's Indianapolis. Yeah. In the house that Kailyn built. I forgot you're, I forgot You're the aviator dude. You're you're jumping. Yeah. Jumped. So you were in, how long did they hang? They just came back to peak on you. Like what was up? Yeah. That's not on You. Literally just came back for a picture and then left. Oh. But I was, yeah, it was just one of those things where I was like, do you guys wanna hang out? Yeah. They're like, no, we have to leave. And I was like, you could hang Out. Could hang out. There's a giant couch right there. It'd be nice. Dang dudes. What, who are the blue jackets? NHLI Gotcha. NHL. Yeah. That sounds like one of those pretty sick name though. 'cause it's, it's for the union.


Is that what That's for The civil war? Yeah. Okay. I got, yeah. Were they change it from the gray jackets? Well that was, that was the Atlanta team and they got canceled. So they're the blue jack. They're the union Blue jackets. Yeah. That's Cool. Yeah, it's like a cannon. There's a logo. It's pretty sight. I think they actually have like a pretend yellow jacket, like a wasp. That's blue. It's about Union was Wondering. I thought it was some sort of bee reference. I was like, I gotta get up on my fucking bees. I was like, what kind of, what kind of, what's a blue jacket? Get up? I was trying to imagine like a blue bee. I was like, I don't know if I know about that. Damn, that sounds, sounds like a good weekend. Great weekend. Very Chill Weekend. Got to take it. La Mary. You like it? We went to St. Elmo's Steakhouse in Indianapolis.


And the whole time I was like, I can't wait till these guys get this fucking cocktail sauce. Yeah. The horse Strat Shit. It's devastating. I was like, I cannot wait. And then I, the waiter comes over and I was like, don't you know, don't spoil it. He was like, it's the hottest cocktail sauce in the world. And I was like, that was what I was talking about. Tough fuck. I tried it when I was there. Guard dog Cowered it out. What? It made you coward it. It's Not that dude. It, I, and we kept being like, All right dude, get it for real. We've all done it. Yeah. Like I got it and almost died. Yeah. And then a guard dog took a big one and I was like, All right, this is it. As soon as he picks it up, 90% falls off. He's like, what I did This shit was shit. True. And everybody At the table, everyone at the table gave you guff.


He asked The shrimp, He and now he's gonna, yeah, he asked And dude Fast. Six or seven shrimps. Huh? You did have a lot. But you kept not putting the cocktail sauce on it. No, it was on it. You were glazed. It was just Glazed. He take some off and then you, you didn't go, I'm zini. It doesn't affect me. Oh man, Man. He Goes, yeah, because you're not doing it. You gotta scoop it. Dude, I had a lot. It hurt my belly really bad. Everyone in the squad got sick. I was fine. I was like, this is, I was born in this darkness. I don't like horseradish. It just like, hits your nose and then goes away. It was so yummy. It Was so good. I don't like it, man. I'm a, I like habanero. I like peppers. I, I went there.


I went to St. Elmo's and just kind of like bothered them. I was like, I just want to have the shrimp thing. And I ate that and left upon your recommendation, Eating the whole thing. And that's tough. Who was I with? I I'm, maybe, I Think it was Was that at Indy? Yes, that was at place. We went there. I had one of those. Yeah. Those were nuts. Yeah. Like it made, not for me. Five star War. Yeah. It'll fuck you up. Good for the sinus. It's great for the sinus. Me and Lamese went to town on him. We had about two cocktail. Me and Vietnamese went nuts on them. Then I went to the airport the next day and there's a, there's one there. And I ate something at the airport. I ate some before departure at like 11:00 AM I was like, and it had, it's one of those like where the, where the restaurant's like basically in the Yeah.


Walkway. Like there's just a tiny fence separating you. So people were just walking by at 11:00 AM I'm like, Just going back for it. Just kept going for it. I don't know. Horse rash doesn't fuck my stomach up. Yeah. I dunno. I was probably just Nervous. Feel spice goes away right away. It does. That's What I'm saying. And it doesn't affect me. Like if I eat like really spicy food that can fuck you up. For Sure. But yeah, that stuff, I mean to, to ash a shrimp of cocktail sauce. That's disrespectful. It's crazy. No, It's not. What I think the last time you did it, it, it was a mistake, but a big glob fell off and everyone at the table notice it was a Mistake. But then I would scoop it with the crackers.


And you, But you Yeah, but with the crackers it's easier. That's what the crackers are there for. That's True. That's fair. I mean, you and then bragging while you're doing it saying Zini, God this is nothing to me. I'm Zini What's that website where you can order like food And you hate how Zenani What's like the Uber Eats where you can send a dish from like across the country? I forget like golden. You a golden house or something? Gold belly. We got a gold belly. What is it's, It's It's, what is this? This is a behind the music downfall. I'm finding out about a lot of rich things. I'm just finding out about rich things. I just found about auctions. That's, you can buy like from people's estates. I told you about the oj Oh, estate sales are sweet. Ibotta bunch, bunch of the OJ gear. Huh? I didn't tell you this. I thought you were talking about like estate sales.


Like on the corner where you can just go to a dead guy's house and buy his chair. No, not like a yard sale. Oh yeah. Like a garage sale? No, like literally like OJ Simpson's estates What? Auctioned a bunch of his stuff and I got it. You got some of his stuff. What'd you get the other glove? They were up for sale. What they, there was a couple sets with gloves. I did not get them. I got all of his ties though. You Got OJ Simpson's ties. I got his tie collection. Dude, if you wear his ties and gold Belly, I'm sauce. I'm just gonna wear tie and go. Yeah, exactly. And now I gotta find out what this gold belly is. Dude. I was, I can ship that stuff to my house. Yes, you can get food from anywhere to your house, anywhere, Bro.


Anyway. But I think it's like frozen though. It's frozen. That would be fine. He's gotten, if it's shrimps, but shrimps would be easy. They would just, all you need is the sauce. But you could get like a cheese steak From Philadelphia. I'll probably stick with Chipotle bowls. Yeah, Yeah. True. I I was talking to Who are we kidding? I was talking to like one of our friends and they were, he was, he was putting me on the GoldBelly a couple months ago and he's like, dude, we were gonna get this cake made outta donuts. And he's like, tell me all the shit he was gonna get. And then like within the next, we like changed topics. He's like, dude, they're telling me I fucking high blood pressure. It's like, it's probably just genetics. S like, dude, It could be a donut cake. You fucking, you had somebody fly to your house. It was killing me. He's like, yeah. I mean it's just, you know, you can't really do anything about it.


It's like, bro, you're scheming across, you're like trafficking fucking donut cakes. Such a sick move though to be like, bro, it's outta my hands. I don't know. But anyway, this's GoldBelly after, dude, I'm gonna get cheese steak from Philadelphia sent to my house. That's another one. Yeah. I'm fully against this. Yeah, But you gotta make it, you do gotta make, they send you cheese. A cheese steak is the easiest. And What's that ice? Like dry ice or whatever. And then you just take it out, whip it up, all ingredients put together And you make it. Have You ever gold belied? Yeah. Gold belied. The shit I saw on Top Chef. It was like cheeseburger, dumplings. It was fire. It was fire. You did gold belly. So funny. Yeah, It's like price. It's like, it was like 60 bucks.


Like, Yeah. Nothing crazy. It's like FedEx next day delivery with dry ice basically. Basically it's like Uber eat prices. Yeah. You just have to make The fact you gotta cook. It kind of pisses me Off. I think they're fibbing. Huh? I think they're fibbing. You Think it's, yeah, I think they're fibbing. What do you Think he's fibbing about? Oh, you think's Fucking, I think you're getting a cheese steak. It's like uber Ghost down ski. Yeah, it's probably a ghost kitchen that sends it to your house with dry ice. I, I it was good. Like the sauce Was it, it tasted high end. It was just worrying about the dry ice for the next part. I didn't know what to do with a box of dry ice. Throw It Outside. Throwing in the homeless encampment. Well, no, this, this was, this was back in Jersey. I got this, I tried it years ago. Dang you Gold belly. You were on the frontier of GoldBelly. Yeah.


Yeah. OG GoldBelly. I think I saw like an ad for Watson Top Chef Gold. Yeah, I heard about this. It's a nice name. And it was cracking me up to be like, dude, I don't know. I think it just takes all the joy out of it. It's like, you know, especially if you want something. Yeah, if I want like a cheese steak from Philadelphia, then it just sits in dry ice and I have to assemble it myself. It's like, you know, deuce. Just fucking go take a walk man. Go outside.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp these days. You have to be smart with your money. If you're gonna make a big purchase, you gotta make it count. What's something, what's something you bought? Dude, I really, I just invested in two bug tanks. I, I got two bug tanks from National Geographic. So they got a little magnifying glass on 'em. I got not one but two. What Type of bugs are you gonna put in there? Right now we've only gotten some rolly pullies, so you can throw 'em in there, create their natural habitat And you can kind of like, I'd Like to see what roll Pullies are up to, Bro. I got, I, I catch, I catch like, me and my daughters catch like four rolly pullies a day and put 'em in my garden. It's really nice. It's Awesome. I have so many roll pullies, so Yeah. I gotta the bug tank's nice man. 'cause otherwise you had to carry them in your, have you ever tried to carry a rolly pole in your hand for like Yeah. They fucking, they get, they're, they're escape artists. So Yeah, I got some bug tanks. It's Been, you know, 30 years. Yeah. Yeah. I'm telling since I've tried. But It's just as hard. They escape. So I Bought a bug light. You got a bug light. I got a bug zapper out there. That's, you know, kind of the opposite of what you're doing. But hey, just as fun. You're battling. You sit by the, you sit in the hot tub and all of a sudden, God Damn that guy, you get some of these big, the bugs out here are so big. My dad's big on both. And they die. They go, You Hear 'em hit the fucking bug light and they go, Jesus, Fuck God damn. Another great investment. Taking care of yourself. You know, you're talking about these bugs. I didn't even think about that. Matt, why don't you think about yourself? Traditional therapy can get crazy expensive though. Like between a hundred to $250 a month or more or something like that. Therapy is worth it though. And you do have options like BetterHelp, the help with the better on it. It could help you save up to 50% per session while getting you the help you need. I've had a lot of sessions where I think about myself. Yeah. I take care of myself. I like therapy because I've benefited from therapy. Yeah. I think it's nice. I think it's a nice thing to do. Everyone could learn something from therapy. Yeah. You can just learn How, because it teaches you positive coping skills. Like how dumb your family is And set boundaries. How you doomed. Yeah. Basically you get on a Zoom call And you talk about how dumb your family is. Hate break to your family are idiots and you're doomed With BetterHelp. You can work toward being the best version of yourself while saving money. And because everything is online, it's easier to get into a session with your schedule. I love getting online sessions. Love that. With just a few clicks, you can be talking to one of their therapists. You can even switch therapists at any time for any reason. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash mssp to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/mssp. And also, you can't use the tokens for those Either. No tokens. I tried The tokens. Cannot use tokens for The, you're stuck with those. You made a mistake. You bought some tokens, But you can talk to BetterHelp, the help with the beta on it. Yeah, about that. The BetterHelp the help with the beta on it.


Hello everybody. Pardon the interruption. This is Sean Guardini. I just wanted to let you know that Matt McCusker will be performing in San Antonio this weekend, Thursday through Saturday, April 10th through April 12th at the LOL Comedy Club. That's short for Laugh out Loud. Matt McCusker will be in San Antonio this weekend. If you want to get tickets, go to Matt McCusker dot com. Also, I, Sean Guardini will be at Helium Comedy Club in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on May 6th. It's coming up. So please get tickets if you can. I, Sean Guardini will be at Helium Comedy Club in Philadelphia on May 6th.


I'm coming back to Philadelphia. All of our friends will be there. It'll be a nice time. And that's a guardini guarantee. So please, if you want to come to those shows, get tickets@seanguardini.com. Please come if you can. Thank You. And lastly, Shane Gillis will be in Cleveland, Ohio and Washington DC this weekend. Tickets for those shows, if they're not sold out, are available at Shane m gillis.com. Thank You for your time. Pardon the interruption. Now let's get back to the show. But yeah, I don't really, I don't hanker for stuff like that.


I could eat the, I could honestly eat the same thing every day and be fine. But gimme fuel. Gimme Fuck. Maybe I won't. Chipotle Bowl. You should. Gold belly Chipotle from Philly. Ooh. May get the worst. Chipotle. I only want Chipotle made by black teenagers with disdain. I want hate in every scoop. You order extra guac and it comes back. It's that much. You go, perfect. Perfect. I'm furious. I's this just romaine? Perfect. I didn't ask for that.


That's so fucking funny. Can you guys, but Mary Nate, can you guys acknowledge what you've, what you've done to Arch Chipotle? What, what, what you're, hold on. You guys put a lot on us. All right. We get a lot of guff. The way we took rock and roll and ruined it. Can you guys admit you took Chipotle from us and absolutely nose dived it To be fair? Oh no. Let let the true Joe, Joe, come on. It's not the black people. It's this is Hispanics. Is that, nah, I, I'll say this, I'll say This fucking, you're outta your mind. I, I'm not blame Into Mexicans. You guys are passing the buck. What? Wait, Have you ever tried to go over The buck on back of the house?


I can guarantee it's front of the house. They got caught being racist. Your bully got caught being racist. What Do you like What, what did they Just, the portions they were being racist with portions on proportions. Yes. What? They're giving the honkeys small portions. Yes. I swear to God. I, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know If it was, I didn't need, I didn't need a article or a court case. I lived it. You survived. I lived it. You survived. And you had a march? I arranged a march. We did Selma across the, The bridge by 30th Street Station in Philadelphia. Yeah. Equal Scoop. ERC re resume ERC. Resume testing investigation finds racial disparities at Chipotle restaurants.


Jesus girl. Yeah, bro. Back. You guys took from us. We got lick back. Dude, you took Chipotle. That's such a small lick. No, that's I'll be my life. Sorry. I wanna be fair. This is not about portions, it's about there being way more white managers at your PI Take that back. Hold on. You saw that article. We were like, I know. It's about portions. Dude, I, I swear to God I saw, I swear to God I saw Matt. I, oh, here we go. Believe you a hundred percent. They definitely fuck us on the portions. Dude, I, maybe it's not Chipotle, but I swear to God one of those like build your own things came under investigation. 'cause they were giving white people less portions.


I swear to God. I swear to God. You Head into a, allegedly On Chipotle Into a sweet green in Philly. God Bless. Good luck, dude. What do you mean they're gonna fuck you in your face? You're gonna stand there and go, I got extra chicken. They're gonna go, yeah. There's one more piece. Well, I, I would mad dog and I go make a triple then and just be like, let's get, let's get the meat going. I also, I, I'm not bragging, but if it's like a slightly older fat black lady, I can, I can definitely massage some extra portions. I'm pretty good at it. I'm pretty good at go. Oh God Bless on the first one you go, God Bless you. Oh, that. Oh man, God Bless you. Then they hit, can I get double? They hit you with double go. Oh my God, you're the best.


Thank You so much. Because I've, I've faced, you know, I faced discrimination as well. Yeah. While at the other side of the counter and being like, you know, now I really, you gotta, you know, you gotta sing and dance for him to get your portion. You, That's what a white man has to do to get a portion. It's like a jungle sometimes. Can white Man get his macros on A white man? Get his fucking protein. I really hope I got this right about Chipotle. Allegedly. He is Chipotle dude. It, I I know we've sweet green's cra dude. It's like a teaspoon. Don't order sweet green. Don't you gotta go in the building to get it. I've ordered Sweet Green and gotten just lettuce.


Yeah. I go in, I go to Sweet Green and I have the White Panthers behind me. Yeah. The White Panthers come in Just filming. Sorry, they're not called the white. I should, they're not called The White Panther. I didn't even think about that. I I didn't even think about that. I forgot. We already had a Group. I forgot. Although, do we even have a group anymore? I don't think we even have that many groups anymore. I get a sit in going to the Chipotle. I'm not gonna fucking sit at the bar and go, I'm not leaving.


We get bit by a dog. A Chipotle. You get, you get bit by like a fucking fat gender studies major Actually. You think that's, I swear to God this is true. I gotta call Spud. Spud told me about this. Oh man, you got fucking, he's a member of the White Panthers. The white Panther. Paul God damnit dude. Anyways. Oh, I'm still not accountable.


What? I didn't get one apology outta you guys for the la la me. I, I want it from La me La me is the most stubborn. He is a mule. He's a donkey. He's just a little donkey. So I gotta say I most recently, the most recent Chipotle's I've been has been, it's been full of honks. Those are good Chipotles. I know, Man. Lemme Say, what was that Nate? He said, oh no, He said they're pretty good. Chipotle pretty, You know, Chipotle And you see Hons. They're pretty Good. Lad heavy though. Lad heavys great. Of course Chipotle faced a viral backlash in a shareholder lawsuit over inconsistent portion sizes at his restaurants.


I do remember that. They were getting in trouble for the portions. Yeah, that was, that was one of the few news stories I've followed. Like Oh, Chipotle's in the news. Yeah. So Every once in a while Chipotle will be in the news for like a, was it e coli or Ebola? Yeah. Oh dude. E coli outbreak. And I go, I'm going today. You gotta buy low. Yeah. Oh yeah. I go, they're gonna have a, you gotta buy the dip on this pul lift. True. They're gonna be dishing out the portions. Yep. And then you go in and after holding them down through the whole e coli outbreak and being like you, How were you rewarded? Yeah, I was here the whole time. You hit with a half a la of meat. You go, bro, look me in the eye. Look me in the eye with that half. If You're gonna fuck me, if you're gonna fuck me, look me in the eye.


When you fuck me, you're gonna ask the ash, the ladle dude. Worse than ashing the shrimp when they go like, that's like, bro, why? Why? I know. Is it your chicken? Are you taking it? Like Yeah, half of this is fucking, Gimme the fucking chicken dude. Half Of this is soybeans anyway. Just fucking give me all of that. Yeah. Their pork was apparently for a while. I believe they had like, their chicken had soy for some, I don't know, maybe it was like the sauce or something. But the pork was just pure, the carnitas was so good. Mm. And that's a lot of times you gotta eye the meat levels too and go, oh, steak's looking a little low. I don't see that guy working on it in the back. Lemme get the chicken. 'cause they gotta rationale the steak. You know, you do gotta you gotta move around there too. But I'll feel Your pain.


How, how do you feel about kava? I don't, Dude, that's crazy. I, I can't believe you're about to be against Kava. I think it's All right. Is so good. I think it's All right. I I don't, Oh man, I'm getting kava. I'm gonna order kava right now. That is, that is white rebellion against Chipotle to order kava. Yeah. I go, how about some hummus? Whatcha you gonna Do about It's, you know, keep your fucking ball. I'm gonna kava right now. Yeah. What was it? You have something negative to say about kava? Yeah, Kavas Just like poop, Poop, poop fuel. That's where the whole food is. Right. But kavas like, it like speeds it up. That's great. Yeah. You don't like dropping a, a cva pile. A kava pile. Yeah. You build a great pyramid.


Kavas not bad. That's what, if I'm me at my parents' house and I got an Uber Eats, I'll get a kava because they don't, I, I don't think they had the Chipotle near them, but Kava kava iss. All right. I just, I don't know, man. Something about their hummus. I don't really, don fucks with hummus. Has been sitting Really? Hummus has been chilling. Yeah. I kind of, especially when you take hummus too. Like I think Hummus can chill. It can, but it's just like, I don't know. Something about it. I don't, I don't love Kaus. I like the hot hummus they have there. Yes. That stuff is, it's very, I always Get that. Well, tasty stuff. I Just build your own bulls. Dude, I actually, I had a million dollar idea about restaurants. Have you considered starting a viral, like just like a chain restaurant. I have not, dude, I don't wanna get into any bar or restaurant.


Bullshit. Dude. You're talking about like you're calling Wahlburgers Fucking bullshit dude. How dare you? Apparently Wahlburgers is good. I've never had one. Wal. Here's some fucking rules, dude. I heard it's really good. Wahlburgers was my spot, dude. But the, I was thinking instead of Shake Shack, you start a restaurant that there, it's only standing counters and it's just the thinnest shitty steaks. So it's like instead of a burger, you get a thin like six ounce steak and beans and there's no, there's only cold beers. Cold beers is the only refreshment. If you're a girl, you can have white claws. Not bad. Yeah. You do a fast food steakhouse of just stand only and eat steaks on a counter and eat beans and drink beer.


Yes. Be sick. I'm interested. Not Bad. I'm interested. What's it called? Steak and Beans. It's called Steak Beanz Say no, but it would be Shane Gillis presented Steak and Beans. Steak and beans. And then, oh, you're talking about this strictly my diet. Yeah. Is what you're actually doing. Steak, Beanz and beer. And you stand at the counter and eat it And then you, and then every, Everything And big, we, there'd be a little razzle-dazzle where we'd just put like a get some like crazy, like a Lambo in every parking lot parked crooked. And then you go everyone yo like people working there be like, yo, Shane's actually up, he's upstairs, but it'd be in Every, it would be In every, he's upstairs just taking a nap. Yeah.


If you wait he will be down to eat steak and beans. He Personally managed and Then go back upstairs. That'd be kinda sick though. Steak Beanz just like the Corner of like 23rd and Samson in Philly just like Shake Shack. But you walk in, it's just all people standing ice cold. Laggers. Just Where in Philly? Like right where Shake Shack is that like, like 22nd in Samson like a corner. Oh, okay. But it's just, you go in it's fast. No bullshit. It's just steak and there's like two or three types of beans and it's like you ever a steak at like a Mexican restaurant? Yeah, it's like, it's not like the prime is cut. It's just like a fucking thin. Yeah, just like almost gray. Just a shitty, just gray. Very bad steak. Yeah. Sometimes though it can be good. It's, yeah. But yeah, It's a cafeteria.


Borger. Yeah. You can do the Salisbury. You can do the Salisbury. Salisbury steak. Salisbury steak and beans. Thought about that. I said beans last week. Did you really kind Of be, you know, kind be baked. Beans, Beans, beans. You guys can laugh all you want. Dude beans. Baked beans rock. Dude, you don't understand this. I ate those beans so you all could run. Dude, I was in Philly eating beans. And now look at us. We made it off the beans.


Dude, trust me Tell you dude, Steak Beanz. We Wouldn't be here without Bush's baked beans from my parents' house that I drove two hours to get and drove back to Philly with a grocery bag of baked beans and chunky soup. It's gonna be the new margarita. Be dude Steak Beanz. You sure? Delicacy could be some chunky soup. Oh Dang. Just like a serve yourself ladle of some chunky, Bro. Just nothing but diarrhea. You're gonna get diarrhea. It's, it's actually like a cleanse. Yeah. Oh, I was also since steak and beans. And Also you don't get to play, but we do have Xbox there.


Yeah. We're gonna hire another big guy to just play Xbox. Go like Disney roller's. Andron like, like The chuck and cheese guy. It's a guy playing Xbox. That's good. That's good. Nice kids Trick. You use AI to hear stuff that's like slightly su and just like an animatronic like Chucky cheese type is like, that's actually very good. Back to the game. Yeah. We get the whole band though. We can get all the boys animatronic Out. It's live stream. Live stream. Your seasons where you're playing and it's just broadcast it. The fucking MLB Show. I do like the Chuck E Cheese animatronic though of these three coming out.


You on the flute tro Matt on the flute. You three in the back playing keyboards and shit. Telling you bro, it's a million dollar idea. It is. You fucking Steak Beanz Chain Steak Beanz Ice cold beer. The coldest beer allowed by Law. Don't talk about that. I'm talking borderline slushy. Don't talk about that. I get brew skis tomorrow. I'm trying to stay off the brewski. I got, I gotta Wait till tomorrow And I know I got a six pack of BLS in that fridge. Oh man.


Where are you going tomorrow? I gotta go Pittsburgh way. Oh, I got a long ass fucking week. I gotta go to Pittsburgh and then I'm gonna stay in Pittsburgh Thursday, Cleveland, Friday, DC Saturday. And then Sunday I'm gonna go to the Masters. What? Yes. That'll be sick. And I, they, they gave me one extra ticket and they were like, my manager was like, you should take Gervin. He loves golf. And I was like, that hang is gonna suck Dick. And I called him, whatcha gonna do because he loves golf. So I called him and I was like, bro, I got his tickets to the Masters on Sunday, which is, that's the day. Sick. Yeah. And he was like, oh my God, Thank You. Well, And I was like, all you have to do is drink six beers.


That's, he's Been practicing. And he was like, I can't do it. What? I just, I can't, I dunno What to tell you. I practicing Drink. Be was practicing. He does drink. He's just a little fuck What everybody I Talk to like Yeah, ger was wrecked. I saw Like the Fucking asshole won't drink with me. Why? He does every single time. He always drinks with me. Yeah, you're gonna get in. He is always a little reluctant baby. Yeah, I Can't do that. I can't do it with you. Shane. I thought he was drinking two beers a night in Practice. He, he was drinking three Bud Lights and watching the Phillies. That was last baseball season. I'm sure this baseball season. He's, especially the Phils are off to a red hat. He's so What's going on with him? He's just being a baby. He just does that. Yeah. Yeah. It's like his nature. Yeah. To be like, I'll take you to the masters. If you drink a six pack of light beer throughout the day, it's like six Hours.


Yeah. It's not that bad. It's nothing. Yeah. And he's like, oh, I just can't and I don't wanna bring you down. I I know you're gonna have fun on the trip and He's gotta Do it. I was like, you have one hour to respond. And I hung up and then he never responded So I was like, you're coming. I got you the ticket. That's so fucking funny. He called My bluff. That's so funny. So me and Gir babies at the Masters. I know I had to buy outfits. Oh yeah. You can't just, I Had to buy. Yeah. I can't wear, you can't wear this. Where do you Gotta wear like a polo? Like you gotta Wear golf clothes. You gotta wear, yeah, you gotta, I just gotta find pants. Yeah. That aren't Jeans. Go To Dick's. I go to Dick's Sporting Goods. Yeah. Get some golf pants, some dicks. Damn. I ordered a bunch of Under Armour golf gear, but I hope it's not skin tight 'cause Ooh, I'm not wearing tight pants and walking around all day in fucking Georgia.


I didn't even think about it from that angle. Yeah. When you say the masters, I didn't think you'd maybe be walking around tight pants in Georgia the whole time. Yeah. I think it'll actually be nice weather though. Probably. Can you look that up? Yeah. Check Augusta Weather Sunday. Oh Dude. Just having that ha Just having that loom over the GBS though. All day of just the eyes hitting. He's gonna be so he gonna be hitting his copper going. I'm gonna make sure I ruin this experience. I'm bringing him there to ruin the Masters 69. Oh, that's gonna be perfect. That's good. Fucking Steak Beanz weather, obviously. Yeah. That for real. I'm might treat myself to some Steak Beanz down Augusta way. I mean you might as well take the Shop if you think I'm not eating beans at the Masters and then hitting the fucking Irish space shuttle.


Yeah. Did you hear Billy and Spot talking about your dad used to call porta potties. Irish space shuttles. Irish Space shuttles is so fucking funny. Oh, I bet the masters has good shuttles. Oh, probably. You probably got those trailers. Yeah, they probably got the trailers. I know though. That's a lot of fucking people out there. Yeah, you're right. People get wrecked at the Masters. Isn't that supposed to be like going, I would imagine dude, dude, golfers are no offense to them, but total degenerates for sure. So they're gonna be, yeah. People are gonna be getting fucking hammered. But I I I'm sure they are, but I feel like that's the one. It's like, I don't know if it's gonna be like Kentucky Derby where everyone just gets dressed up and gets fucking obliterated.


Yeah. I feel like golfers, this is Mecca. This is like a genuine True. But in honor to order or the golf gods you do get wrecked, but I'm sure they're very strict about it there. Well, What'd they say? This says you're allowed to drink of course at the Masters, but it couldn't be more opposite than the Waste Management Invitational. Yeah, the waste management intentionally. You just get fucked up. Oh Really? Yeah, it's, it's awesome. They build like stadium around the course And they just get fucking hammer. Like they build like big stands Oh, Like NASCAR looking Thing kind of, yeah. On, on certain holes. I think the 17th, I think the 17th at the Waste Management.


What's the waste management thing? That's just like a tournament. It's just a PGA tournament in Phoenix. Dang. Or down. Yeah. So they, People go nuts there. People get probably quiet. I mean, dude, those like scotch and sodas are probably going around. You'll see a lot of red faces for sure. Yeah. Towards the end of it people are gonna be probably pretty shitty. But you gotta be quiet. That's the problem. So you can fucking shitty Steve drink a fucking beer. You fucking Posted And you move, like if you're the crowd at the masters. Yeah. You gotta walk around. Yeah. Hold a hole. Some, some people post up. Yeah. You get a good spot at a hole. Just chill. Just chill. I don't know how you don't get fucking obliterated at this thing.


Yeah. Just sitting outside in a beautiful area. Yeah. Just waiting for another golfer to come by, Bro. I, I'm telling you to sit, just stand there all day. Not even watching, but waiting for golf. It'd be insane. Yeah. I think, I don't, I don't give a fuck about golf. Yeah. It's fun to be there and play. It'll be cool watching people that good at it from like a close. Yeah. Cool. Shoot from a close range. That'll be really sick. Kirby's is gonna Bell be in heaven. He's gonna be in heaven. I heard He's got the golf. Doesn't he have the indoor golf set up? Yeah. It's so fucking fun. He's he's spending his tires money on a sick indoor golf thing in his garage. Did you share that video of him? The video of him practicing is so funny.


Him losing his club into the trees. Oh. One time we were at the bar and he was like, he just, he's always, he's one of those guys that once he started playing golf, it's the only fucking thing he talks about. Yeah. Literally. It's the only thing he talks about at all fucking times. And we're at the bar and he was like, could you put on the tournament? And they're like, sure. So we're just watching golf and he's like, God, I'd just love to be like a commentator for one of these things. I think I could do it. And I was like, well, it's on mute now. Just commentate. Just commentate now. And I made him sit next to me and commentate on the golf. It was so good. He's like, and Rory. Rory, he's looking good today. He's Oh, that was a good shot.


And it's good for him. He's off. So the next golfer, that's everybody. And finally I, it was just 'cause he was like, that's my dream. And then I made him do it. Oh. And I was like, see how bad you are. He's Ruined his Dream. You can't do your dream. Yeah. I mean, on the spot in a bar commentating golf would be so it's Impossible. But he went for it. He, he believed in himself. That's good. What was he? Was he like, oh, Rory Real taking in Oh, the nine iron. Here we Go. Yeah. Yeah. He was trying his best. He's, yeah. That's, that's a good choice for club. Should be the course layout. That's a bit of a dog leg to the right. I dunno. Does he go golfing a lot or does he stay Yeah, he is. He, he goes, well He is up in PA now, so he is been on the indoor for a while.


Oh. But I'm sure he is ready to break loose. Yeah. True. The spring has sprung True. The Kirbys is out. That's good. Westchester has nice courses. Yeah. I'm actually pretty happy to hear about it. He's just crushing the indoor, indoor golf. Is that screen is fun After a little? Yeah. Well, yeah. I mean, if you had one gets pretty old. Yeah, I guess. Right. I I got to do it for like 20 minutes at one time. I'm like, this is fucking fun. Yeah. Hitting a golf ball is fun. Yeah. Although my, when I was doing it, it wasn't like picking up on the screen, it was pissing me off. But you're supposed to keep the front foot stable. I've learned. Yeah. I don't believe in those screens. You think they're just fucking Yeah. That makes sense. I think they're Crud. Yeah. Being like, bro, you crush that fucking 200 yards. Yeah. Yeah. Why don't you keep playing, dude, this is the best round of your life.


Put 20 bucks in. Yeah. They have the indoor, they have that indoor fucking You think that's fixed? Indoor golf league. Yeah. That shit's terrible. Yeah. They're trying to make a big push. They're trying to push it. ESPN's really pushing it. Yeah. But I mean, if you think about it from a view, it's so nice. 'cause it's like you just put some cameras, let them hit the screen, you're like, holy shit. Yeah. And golf. I mean, it really is like guys who like to watch golf that, you know, if you give 'em another excuse to sit there, it, it kind of bothers me when I see people watch golf on tv. I'll be honest. I would come in. It's just like you see your uncle and you're like, come on bro. Yeah. This is Do something else. Also. This is just nap. This is nap time For real.


Which I understand. Like my dad watched a lot of golf Naps to it. Perfect. It's the best nap. Yeah. But if, if other people are around and you're like, put on golf, the PGA tour. Yeah. Also, it's not Sunday. It's you're watching fucking Friday. It's crazy. Yeah. Put on the British Open. It's like, dude, Friday Your, your wife's not here. You don't have to talk to her. You don't have to Watch golf right now. Yeah. You don't have to talk. Yeah. She's on vacation. We can chill. Yeah. We don't have to be Dead. We can watch fucking remodeling shows. Yeah. That's the, that's the ultimate one dude. That is a wife crusher. Just a Sunday golf show. Yeah. Just watch it fall asleep. I ran into a, a wife crusher last night.


What? Put on Interstellar. Really? Not for the babes. There's a lot going on. You gotta explain relativity. Yeah. In the middle of a movie, But it's emotionally charged. You go, oh, what's going on there with relativity? And I go, well, I know what it is, but I can't explain it To you. I can't explain this To you, but I I understand relativity. You Should have been like, just Google, Newtonian physics Master those. I'll bring you to the quantum room. Yeah. That I don't I feel like it's emotionally charged though. That's it. It was, yeah. But it worked. It worked eventually, but there was a lot of questions. Yeah. Like, wait, what? It was a lot of questions that He's behind the fucking bookshelf because he's in Another Dimension Knew. Yeah. And yeah. Somehow humans built the other dimension within the black hole to guide him there from the future. 'cause we figured it. Yeah. Yeah.


It's called super position. Jesus fucking Christ. Go watch what the bleep please. Did you ever see that? No. What the bleep came out was like about quantum physics and everyone's like, holy shit. And it, it got like completely debunked. Mm Hmm. You guys didn't get stoked on quantum physics when you were younger. You didn't see what the bleep No. It's called what the bleep Do We know. And it was like, do you know that two particles can be in the same place at the same time? Or like two different places at the same time? And I was just like, I was like 25 just always high being like, holy shit. Then I watched the thing five years later. I'm like, that was totally debunked. I was like, God damnit Wait, fuck, superposition. Yeah.


No superposition is Real. They Just, it is real. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But they were trying to say like, I Can't believe you guys have smoked enough weed to think you understand quantum physics. Dude, It No, I'm telling you it's ang So both of you are like, no, I get it. It is very simple shit. You don't No, It's, it's, you don't understand it. It's So simple. Each cheese's caught up in particle duality right now. I know you remember the words. You can, neither of you can explain any of it. It's Okay. I can explain it Right now. You can explain quantum mechanics to me. Not All of it, but I get the basic fundamentals. Please Do. So The the main thing it rests upon is the double slur. You already have to a good start with Reston Look, the foundation. Yeah. You're Already brainiac. I've explained it, I've explained a double slit experiment to you before where there's guys, I remember that particles.


I that is Yeah. Yeah. And if you're looking it's there. If you're not looking that one. Yeah. Yeah. And it was, it was a, it's a wave and a particle at the same time. Yes. And, and then he found out that like, it's just all about clouds of probability and that like, even like things you think are solid at their most fundamental, the quantum level, which just means like the smallest thing possible. It's just a, every physical object that it's very root is a cloud of possibility that it could be in like seven different places. Is it A cloud of possibility? Yeah. So it's like if like the, according to that, like the smallest particle, like if you take like an atom and break it down, break it down, break it down, it just turns into like a, basically a wave that can be simultaneously in multiple places until you observe it and it fixes it there. Yeah. I don't know.


That's, that's, that's a nutshell. Yeah. And you've, you've wrapped your head around that. I've just, the basics. I just, the ba I don't understand. I mean, if you really get into it, you have to be able to do like the most insane math. And the problem is, is like, it actually technically has like predictive. They can use it. I don't know how to do this, but scientists can use quantum mechanics to predict things, but they still don't understand how it works. So it has predictive capabilities, but we still can't, the Austin scientific community still can't wrap our heads around it. I Get it. But no, I don't know. It's just cool. It's cool to think About. It's cool. Without a doubt. It's just super cool. But I, yeah, I just never got high enough to be like, You gotta get high as fuck. I fully understand this.


I don't feel, that's the thing. It's a bottomless missing. I think while you're high, you feel like you fully understand it. You Just, you're in awe. Yeah. That's the thing. I'm, I'm just in awe. I know He believes he understands it and that's fine. La Mayor Jam. Get on this quantum jam. Jam of a quantum In the Quantum jam. Myself guy. Huh? Yeah. I'm more of a quantum computing guy. What's up with that For where it's just like, it's storage and infinite memory. There we go. Yeah. What is it? It's just infinite storage and infinite memory. Yeah. Basically what quantum computing is. Yeah. I could say things like this. Anybody can say things like this. This is the truth. Its just like unlimited energy and waves. I gave it decent, I gave a decent rundown. That was good. That was a good Rundown. I'm telling you. But I, I don't understand it. Just at the very root physical reality is just like the matter breaks down into something that people don't even know what the fuck it is.


And it's like, yeah. You know, pretty q Yeah. That's why basically it's proof of like spirituality and stuff. S a lot of spiritual dudes go heavy on quantum stuff. It's really funny. Dude. Don't even get Matt started on dark matter. There's been a lot of dark, dark matter discoveries. I don't, I don't know anything about dark matter. Yeah. I read those fucking articles all the time on Google News. It's like scientists just came out And you read it and you're like this. They didn't say anything. Yeah. It fucking got me again. Yeah. Finally we understand they did that with the, what's that fucking thing in the ocean? That's like the blue spot and it's like, in South America, there's this thing in the ocean. It's like this deep, super deep blue spot that just outta nowhere goes in and they're like, they've studied the blue spot and found out that there's more tornadoes now thanks to global warming.


It's like, how the fuck did you guys come up with that? And they're like, the dust, the sediment on the ocean says that there's been way more tornadoes. It's like, dude, where, how are you coming up with that? Yeah. I think, I honestly think scientists are on, if you want my honest opinion, I think a lot of 'em are on some mega bullshit and they're just fake working so hard. I think that's fair. Dude. Everything I read, I have National Geographic, it comes to my house. Every time I read it, I'm like, fucking guys, you guys didn't say anything. I also just gotta skimm it, but Bullshit. Fuck it. Bullshit. Yeah. Right. You get Nat Geo. Yeah. That's sick. Nat Geo. I haven't seen a good Nat Geo in forever. Yeah. I get, I used to be so pumped when I would, Nat Geo is tight.


Get Ahold of a Nat Geo. I Get 'em, I get in my house, my wife gets mad, So I just get in my house and I never read 'em. It's All right. It's, I get like to have, get Scientific American Na Geo. Are you sure you didn't get hit by the magazine guy, huh? No, I do. To every, I do this to myself. Every two years I spazz and I go, I need to start learning about what's Going on. I need to read The Economist. I send a The Economist. I send them all to my house and I just ignore it. Go. Not right now. I just ignore them. If It's good to have and it's good to tell people you have 'em. I know you go, I actually have the Atlantic Nat Geo I'll do with my kids. I'll flip through Nat Geo. I'm like, look at that fucking thing. And it's like, point to a Nat Geo's a good kids, Nat Geo Sick, scientific, eh, it's All right. But they, dude, they really, they're, they're just capping about space. It pisses me off always about they, they come out with shit about space.


They're like, we still don't understand it. It's like, well stop writing this fucking article. Yeah. You've, it's, you've said nothing this whole time you got me stoked. I'm on the edge of my seat about dark matter. Still don't know what the fuck it is. Pisses me off. The papers are right. The papers are like, The papers are to put out a theory out there so everyone else can start working on it and like figure it out so there's like a trail, You know? Yeah. Thank You. Steak Beanz. Steak Beanz La Mary, you need to stop focusing on quantum physics and focus on getting your com, your jack off computer out of a kitchen.


I mean though, if you think about it though, imagine the fucking Two things can exist at the same time and your shoe fell off. Yeah. But imagine the, imagine the quantum goon station. Imagine the quantum goon. Two guys can jack off in the same apartment at once. Two male roommates can jack off in the same apartment at once. It's in. He is just on the other side of the wall. They hit Intertel. Like, dude, dude, LA me, stop. La me Stop. Not The kitchen. It's the gravity. He's sending me cord heads. I learned about dark matter today.


Their house has just as much dust in it. The dust storm. We can't Keep going on like this. All right. All right. Yeah. We gotta switch over to the Patreon. God Bless You. So bad.