
Come up early, bro. I got little kids. Seven. Yeah. On a good day. Seven's like, sweet if I sleep until 7:00 AM I'm like, that was great. Were you like that younger? Yeah, I was always kind of a morning person, honestly. Really? Yeah. Dude. Never even, yeah, never even fathom. Really. Dude, today, wake up at 11, wake this. If I have to wake up 11, I go to the toilet. I take a shit like this and I spit between and I feel like my head is hurting. I feel like I'm going to the mines. I mean, the grind. Really? I have to listen to like Jock Willick to get here. Damn. Well, are we firing up? Who's gonna carry the boats? Oh, we're rolling. Damn. Well, you guys just couch some natural conversation now. Let's turn on the juice.


Damn. Hold on. Okay. So you're, you're saying anything before, have you always been like that? You've always been just a, Oh, and listen, society has tried to keep me down for all my life. School tried to keep me the fuck down. What time does your school start? We start at like eight o'clock in the morning. I think when I, I think now it's a little earlier. I used to do 8, 8 23 was the exact time grades. Catholic grade school. That was At seven 30. Damn. Yeah, we did 8, 8 30 ish. And I'll tell you, in high school, I was in school before 10, maybe seven times. Really? Like when you miss a class, you would get like a mark on your card.


You know what happens? Mine was oh three was supposed to be, you get expelled. That's, that's the bullshit. They got Three lateness. Yeah, Three. Like late, like missing a class, not late, missing a class. Okay. Okay. That's the, that's whatever rule they wanted to give us. And This, where is this? This was in the mother country, right? This Is in the mother in the motherland. Estonia. Estonia, correct? Yes. Estonia, yes. So you bucked the Estonian school system. You didn't go. So I had 700 and after high school, 10, 11, 12th grade, I had 768. I missed like one third of the whole high school experience. What? I'll be out for like two weeks. I just didn't feel like it. I've always been a vibe guy, you know? Yeah.


But I talked to the teachers. They all loved me. Even the principal, every time I went in, he was a, a kar. He used to be a karate instructor. He got expelled. My, the principal in my school got expelled from his last school because he used to be the PE teacher. And. he slapped the shit out of A kid. Did he really? Ba boom. He did Out for six years. Did some politics, got back as Principal back into, back in, That's how principals get in it's politics, you know? Yeah. I don't, I never understood that. How po how like, principals come to power. Yeah. It's always like, like through politics and shit. You gotta hit a kid. And, he loved me whenever we talked, He was like, man, you crazy. You know? I'm like, I know. And then we talked about karate. His son was in the karate tournament. And. he would play VHS tapes of his son fighting.


And then I would just go back to school and all the teachers were like, you gotta go to the principal's office. I'm like, sure. More karate riffs. Damn man. How's So? that really helping. How was your morning going? You seem, you seem like you're rushing, bro. You high, you seem high strung Right now. Yeah. Yeah. I had like two coffees and just woke up. But I'm always like this. They Know me. True. Yeah. You true. You are always this, you rip hard. I know. And then everybody thinks I'm on coke. Everybody's like, dude, I don't think you're on Coke. I would never accuse you of that. People always think I'm on Coke. I don't think you're on Coke. I've got, I get accused of being on steroids, so I feel, I feel your pain. Get the fuck out. I'm telling you, people think I'm on steroids all the time. Right now. I'm on a 48 hour fast. So obviously I've shrunk down a little bit. Oh, you fast? Yeah. 48 hours, bro. Shit. Thank you, bro. I discovered it when I was like in my, like, in my thirties really fast.


Shit. This is my longest one. I've never been Able. I do sixteens and eight, so I'm gonna kill that. Yeah. That, that's too much. That's too much. This will be 48. 16. You Doing water fast? One. No water. Have you done those? No. I maybe, yes, actually I tried for one day and I got a pretty big headache. Very big headache. Doesn't feel good. I remember I tried it on stage to get, I understand for civilian a water fast as possible. If I'm having an anxiety, panic attack before doing sunset On a water fast, I'm gonna be parched. Yeah, true. And if I'm parched, do shit on stage. Yeah. If I smoke weed and do standup, it's kind of a nightmare the whole time. I'm like, just dry mouth. I'm like, parched As fuck. Hate that shit.


So, what's up dude? What, what you been up to? Thanks for doing the cast, man. Of Course. No worries. I've been just chilling, you know? Yeah. But, okay, so when you get up What, the Fuck, do you do at seven? Wake up? I didn't know. I don't even know this life I lead. That's my family, dude. I wake up. And how, how old are you? What? How old are you? 32. Oh, yeah. You know, you, I wake up. I, I lead my family. I, I go guys. It is another day. God has blessed us. Do you Just like me? Tell me honestly, like, actually when you hear me telling that you judge me, honestly, No. I, it's, I I think a lot of comedian society's Be keeping me down and I'm, I'm done. I don't think I, I think a lot of comedians get caught up in like, the mythos of being like, I don't, I go to sleep. I wake up at four in the afternoon. It's like, doesn't, if I wake up at you, wake up at 8:00 AM But Also how, but how do you do this?


You wake up seven. Yeah. You have a spot. You 1140. I don't do 'em. Where you Gonna fight for your life? I don't do 'em. Or, or I. just, I've seen you out there. Fuck you. I've See you. Or I do. Or I do. I've, I've been chilling on him. Or I'll, I'll just do it and I'll just suck it up and I'll wake up early and I'll just How tired Are you though? Tired all the time. I've, I'm aging rapidly right now. Hell yeah, dude. Hell yeah. Keep 'em coming. Yeah. I'm aging rapidly and you know, I'm, I'm like genuinely falling apart. But you just do it. How old Are you? 38. 50? No, 38. I was Just kidding. Yeah, you always started with the people. Yeah. That's a good one. That's crazy.


So, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. So maybe You are not that. Maybe You are also nocturnal. Like me, dude, I'm sharp at 1:00 AM I'm sharp. I'm, I'm a morning person. I'm made to like, lift stones at like 7:00 AM till three and just go to bed. Maybe shake my wife up a little bit. Maybe have some excitement. Really? Yeah. That's, Have you, have you done about doing like shows at 1:00 PM That could be a Huge market. Dude, I think about that could a huge all time. I think about it all the time. And whenever I've done those shows, even at SK Fest, I had like a 1:00 PM spot, full panic really? To, dude, I have to go alarm clock. I mean, I'm up until 7:00 AM in the casino. So the alarm clock goes off. Like, you know, like the spot was at 1 12 45.


Fully hungover. Yeah. Just on, literally on stage. Dude, I look like If. you think I look like ass right now? I don't think You ever asked. I saw your eyes look tired. This was a two hour preparation process. Really? Shower. Ooh, shave. What were you doing last night? Were you partying hard or like, oh, I went to bed. Like, I went to bed like four. And I've tried that too. When, you know, when people go, go to bed earlier. You know what happens when I go to bed earlier? What? I get 14,000 sleep. So that's, oh yeah. It's too Much. So don't care. Whatever. Yeah. This is magic. I can be up till nine. I'll be up by one. Yeah. Or I can go to bed at 12. I'll be up by one. Yeah. I don't know. I, I never struggle with that. A lot of comedians I know like, stay up till like four in the morning.


I'm like, why? Just go to bed. Just go to sleep, man. Because there's never, you never doing anything good. It's always Sure Matt, go to sleep. Have you seen the new Vince McMahon doc? Go to sleep, dude, I watch all of it. That's true. Yeah. Left to my own devices now. Now you say that left to my own devices, I struggle to fall asleep. You need a wife to just kind of that what, and be like, go to bed. And that's what I was getting to. I did have a little miss for a bit. Did you really? And the quality of my life, dude. I, I haven't slept in like nine months. Like slept, you know how to, like a healthy, what is that? Anorexia system? What's the system? C Citic, circadian rhythm Anorexia system.


Pretty close. It's like they de decorate that system. Your body's lotioned. Your life is just better, you know? Yeah. So I get that like, yeah. Yeah. You have good creams and the proper, did my skin be itchy like for 13 years? Because I always use the seven in one fucking shower gel. It's meant for cars, for everything. Yeah. It's like the conditioner, shampoo, all that stuff. Yeah. It's like the seven one. My friend used used to have a joke about the seven ones, $1, blah, blah, blah. Everything and everything. Itches and It is uncomfortable. My underwear got better when you find gold, because you look at your underwear. Like even now I have the h and M1. Yeah. Five bucks for three. Dude. Asshole itchy. And they're all up in my dick right now. Yeah. Super uncomfortable.


Yeah, They do that. They get in there And. they kind of, you know, mix up your regimen a little bit, get you nicer, undies, nicer socks. Yeah. Yeah. So I do get that sleep and getting up early, being more productive. Women do that. They just make us, you know, like Yeah. They, it really takes another person. It does next to you, the wake up who looks at you like you animal Yeah. To get you moving. You Know? You do. You need someone to hear your far up. It's Me. I'm just fucking alone in my bed. La la la, la. 4:00 AM watching wind from behind. Yeah, no, that's fair though. It is tough to go to bed if I'm, if if if my wife leaves, I, I, you're right. I don't fall asleep till kinda later. But still, you gotta get the early wake up, dude. You can't have no business waking up at 12 o'clock in the afternoon.


Well, okay. 11 for me is like, I have to be in the 300 mindset. I'm going to war. I can do, I can do it either. So you just have like a headache and stuff. Headache, dude. This morning. Even just fucking, ah, dude. It is bad. Yeah. Mm. Damn. Dude. I'm sorry to hear that. No, No, no. But it's, it's Actually then you get to stay out till four in the morning. See, I'm asleep. I don't, I can't do the four in the morning. Yeah. 'cause yeah, if I would try, 'cause I've tried through civilian stuff. Like I have a job, like, you know, 9:00 AM you gotta be there. Mm. Even if I'm there at 9:00 AM you're not, dude.


Comedian's a job. I don't know why comedian's the same. It's the same as being like a brick layer. It's the same. It's just a job. Yeah. Yeah. Man. It's not a big deal. You are just doing, it's like being a musician. It's like just a thing. Yeah, for sure. For sure. The American professionalism. Exactly. Man. Yeah. I might carry a briefcase. I might start keeping a real business. And tell me this, you also feel right. I don't feel like there's a huge distinction. I think comedians self romanticize their existence. It's just fucking A hundred percent. It's just a job. Work. That's What what I was getting to is that also when you have a fucking, You are a real man. You have kids. You have kids, right? Yeah. Yeah. By the way, Daughters, I'm not a real man though. I just have daughters. I. just by the way, by the way, the chicks in the green room at Creek and the cave.


I noticed there was a seven to one, like, dude, chick ratio. It was me and chicks. So I started asking them Questions. Wait, so all chicks are all dudes, All chick comedians and me. What? So I started asking 'em questions, like, who's the hot, you know? Yeah. Who's the hot, you know, you're the number one guy. Oh, yeah. 'cause they, they go like fucking, 'cause they go like, he has a wife, you know? Like he's a real man. So You are saying And. they say You are cute. But the fact you have a wife, And, They Oh, they like the Yeah. They like to see you're married, I guess. Yeah. 'cause they wanna just like, kill your wife and just take her spot, basically. Exactly. Take over your kids and everything. That's all they want. Yeah. And, they wanna be in a house with kids. I'm not, I'm not being like a dickhead. I think women have like a biological instinct To like, and, and also most of the chicks in the green room, they were like in their thirties, my age.


So that's when the pussy starts looking for companionship. You know, the pussy is like, what's it's at hat, you know? Yeah. No, that makes sense. They start to, yeah. They start to want, they want the domestic life. Yeah. Although I feel like they, they feel like they're, I think there's a big pressure against not wanting that though. Although I, I like, I really think the way birds build nests, I think women have a desire to, like, I swear to God, it's like an in, when a women get pregnant, dude, there's a thing. It's a, oh, what is it called? The Women something. I love That. It's a nesting reflex. Literally. That's what it's called. When women get pregnant, they go through their house and frantically start like, moving shit around And. they prepare for the baby. Yeah. They fix everything. Yeah. Great. They like organize the closet. We like, our closets got changed around. You have to just let 'em do their thing. So Yeah.


I feel even women are in their thirties, man. It's, you know, they've really, Have you dated women who are like pieces of shit themselves too? Yeah. Go Pro. That's a bad one. See, If, you have a bad woman. They can, my grandfather used to say there's nothing worse than a drunk woman. Nothing worse than a drunk woman. And He was like, dude, And, he drank beer all day, every day. But He was like, there's nothing worse than a, that's the last thing in the world you want, dude. Honestly, it's kind of Right. Yeah. 'cause you don't what If, you have a woman dragging you down. You'll go so far. They're supposed to drag you out of your own. Exactly. Depravity. You know, because We're already down There. Yeah, exactly. I don't need another dude when I would date.


Yeah. Sometimes date, like female comedians or something. It is always just me and her on a couch. Uber eat. Nobody's waking up. Yeah. Everybody has terrible sleep. No. Bills are getting paid. We're late for everything. Yeah. True. It's a bad thing. I, I always, I've never dated a female comedian. Geez. 'cause like, I remember my ex had like a scam of like, she, her like, dad lives in Australia, so she lived in Australia for a bit and then started getting scamming herself, like the unemployment there. But she lives in, she lived in Bali, she lived in America. She's just make the calls and cry. Like, got a job once a month, you know, to her Dad? No, no. The fucking, the agency or whoever calls. Oh, She would call Australian.


Yeah, the Australian one. They're like, you know. Gotcha. Gotcha. But Australians that just as wholesome people, they're all like, how are you doing today? You know? Yeah. Well dude, I think what you're saying is totally true though. I feel like the dude's default setting is at exactly where a woman on heroin's default setting is in terms of like, what they would do for sex. I think you're totally right. It's like a woman on heroin looks at sex the way like a regular guy looks at it. Yeah. They'll like meet you in a back alley and be like, yeah, fuck you. Yeah. So you're right about that. You can't have a woman If. you have a woman with loose morals. It's just mad because I'm already like the monkey in the relationship. I'm fucking dropping shit. I'm running around. Yeah. You need a sweet angel. You can't have like a nasty fucking comic. You need a sweet fucking Angel, nasty comic out there just in the streets.


Ditch you at any second for fucking, you know, name an actor. And you know what the boys always go to. He's changed. You know, when a guy gets, he gets into a relationship, you know? Yeah. The boys always go. He's changed. And then I look at the guy, I'm like, yeah, his fucking color in his skin. He's sleeping well. Always, always got a good smile. He's riffs aren't toxic. You know, he doesn't go straight to racism. Well, he is a happy guy. Yeah, there is. You're right. There's a pushback. Those dude, gee, I Remember. Hey Sean, you wanna go down the midis for the seventh time this week? Talk about the same riffs. 'cause we both forgot. I'm doing your, I'm doing your parts to you.


You are doing mine. To me. It's just a loop. It's just a fucking Bill Murray movie every day. Yeah. I Haven't, I forgot about that, man. The bros always do. It's like, yeah, bro, you never come around anymore. It's like, yeah. Did you ever see, when did you ever see two like, bachelor guys living together, but in their like sixties and seventies? I glimpsed it once. It was for real. It freaked me out, Bro. I used to be a bartender though. My nightmare. I would literally see it in my dreams with sweat. Yeah. I would see that. I'm the 55-year-old bartender with the suspenders. You know? Where's the party? I mean, just, well, there I feel Like If you could No, no. There's some guys who kill it. Don't get it. Some Guys can pull it off. I, I couldn't.


Yeah. I couldn't do it. I fall apart, Live in Lara Loca. I know a guy who's like in his sixties and he's like a cruise bartender now. Yeah, dude. And he's just a pool banging all these women, you know? 'cause the cruise, you end up getting into a fight with your husband. You end up getting into a Fight. Yeah, yeah. You know, you'll be in the night and it's such a huge boat. So he's banging all these broads. Margarita, he's like 61. Really? Yeah. He's like, I'm thinking, getting into a standup, he's riding me this, you know, tell Him to do it. And, He loves it. You know? Yeah. Some cocktails, Some people can do that, man. Some people can do that. I, I was in an apartment of two 6-year-old men who were like, the one guy rode a bicycle home from work and just like parked it in an apartment. And I watched him and this other guy talk about pussy.


And I was like, holy shit, dude. They should have been like handing out cookies outta like a tin can And. they were just like, dude, this fucking chick. Oh, I want some fucking pussy. And I was like, I gotta get outta here. This is, this is crazy. Yeah. That for real. That like freaked me out. Like In Australia, I lived with a guy like, He was like 55. I'm dude, I'm like 21. And we met at the host. That's how we started splitting our Right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Dude at the hostel. It's always like, it's all 21-year-old German chicks. Irish Jews. Everyone's sucking and fucking, yeah. There's always like one guy in the 16 dormitory with the fan. We could sleep with like 12 people. It It is like, this is the beginning of our life, but it's the end of his, you know. Yeah.


Yeah. Hostels. Have you, have you ever stayed in a hostel? No. Yeah. You're just in there with a room with 12 people. And It is a party. I went to one in Brazil. Oh. It is a party. It was so fun. So fun. It was just me. It was literally Irish dudes, Australian dudes and German chicks were a hundred percent right. I met Irish Shafi in a hostel. Did you really? Just when I was in my first year in comedy in Cambodia. Really? Yeah. What were you guys doing over there? Dude, I know I just saw him at the hostel. I was like, girl, Shafi. Like, How is Cambodia? I never went there before. I'm dying to go to Thailand, Bro. I, you know, I lived, dude, you know, I lived in Thailand. Right. Did You really? What was it? How long did you live there for? I Did, maybe I did like a 12 month stretch. You have to do those Visa runs every three months.


Then I did maybe another six. It's, I was in Kuala Lump, Brazil. That's when I started doing also comedy. First time I went there, I didn't do comedy. Started doing comedy in Thailand. No, I started in, in Australia. So I did a year in Thailand. Met my sweet baby. Angel made my sweet baby angel like a girl in a classic love story. Did you buy her family like a pig? I'm not, I'm not being, I've, I've saw documentaries where you have to buy like, no, she Australia. Oh, I've seen documentaries. I'm not being disrespectful. But If, you meet a woman in Thailand, you have to like, support their family and buy them like a pig. I've heard that. I Know that's not true. But let's go that Narrative. I'm, I saw a documentary. Let's, let's, with that narrative, I saw a documentary.


Yeah, Let's go with that narrative. I think it's a nice gift. Yeah, Yeah. In Bangkok. Yeah, in the metropolitan In Australia. So, totally normal. Just totally Normal. Yeah. So then we moved to Australia. I start comedy there, and then I go back to Kuala Lumpur and Bangkok and did comedy there for six months. So, but in, in the first year, I was fully backpacker, maybe eight months in co companion. You know, it's the full moon party island. I did all That. Oh, I've heard about that actually. But I'm Not, like, never did ecstasy or nothing. I did basically tie boxing, smoked a lot of weed, and I just chilled fucking sick. And you meet a lot of guys there, you know, like, dude, the covid. I had a face. It's The Horniest guys from around the world. The Worst guys in the, You were in Thailand during Covid?


No. Yes. I went there for, at one pit. Yeah. Nice. Yeah, for a month. So What was up with the guys in Thailand? What would you say? So Like, so like, exactly. You said they look like girls. The whole Ladyboy thing is Fascinating. Really fascinating. There's a movie about fascinating Ty kickboxing And. they, they, a guy like a champion ends up in jail. And, he has to fight in jail for like the, to get free from jail. But the whole thing is, he falls in love with a ty lady boy. Geez. Yeah. He meets in prison. Swear to God. It's a beautiful man. If I'm in person with a lady, boy, You throw the match two weeks, throw the match. Two Weeks.


I'm blowing this guy. I'm serious. Like, if you're a beautiful angel, I'm blowing, dude. I would, it would always be so fascinating though. I never went for it. I was young. I, I was hanging around at the hostels, the, the, the expat community that bangs lady boys, they're guys who are closer to your age. Yeah. That's when you start having actual liberation in. Been there, done that. Yet you start 'cause you start dying. Yeah. And you're like, if I'm not gonna bang a dude with a wig, when am I, you know? True. But when you're young, you, I'm not so sexually free, so I can't Go to Norm. Also If, you have the family, you're like, been there, done that. So you can't let go of the social norms that I, I've been, you know, I'm mostly also Eastern European.


So for me Sure. British dudes my age would just be like, ah, rough. Yeah. You know? And you're saying in Eastern Europe, it's not, you don't fuck around. Like British Dudes was literally like, I knew British Canteen. I met him at a hostel the first night. He's buying coke. He's doing it in a 16 dorm. There's like a family there doing bad. You know, it's like a bad, he's just like a cheap hostel. He's doing really coke, And. he just would disappear into the night. Dude. And. he would, he would go get on a tuk. You know, he'd tell the guy, take me around, take me around On like the little thing they carry. Not, not to carry with the mo, with the motor. Oh, okay. My bad. Yeah. The fun, fun, fun stuff. I thought he had like a rickshaw. I'm like, dude, get it. Taking a rickshaw to a lady boy is, no.


That's where best Do call it rickshaw. But it's with the small engine and you're in the back, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You're like James Bond. But He was like six. But then when I, How about having a guy carry you like in a wheelbarrow? The hookers. But then, and the rickshaw was a lady boy. And so he's driving around looking for hookers, but it's like 6:00 AM they all went to bed or it's the worst ones. Yeah. Yeah. So he just looks at the lady, boy Goes, oh, not driving, You know? Yeah. And. he comes back. And, he can shake it off. And. He was just, you know, he is like, oh, fucking Thailand. You know, he's like, or, but Eastern European If, you ca If. you went back to Estonia and were like, mom, dad meet.


You know? Oh, Now I wouldn't give a flying fuck dude. Yeah. But saying It's a little more strict. It's a Little more strict. Just, I'm just not interested. But if it happened, I don't give a dude, I'm new 12 Monday, whatever, A new 12 at mothership on Monday. Dude. If I would bang a lady, boy did you imagine the bit true? Oh, the bit would be so sick Coming through a guy. You know, you come in his ass And, he comes on the floor B, It was just so funny. You know, It Is funny to be before Ton. I like fucking British guys can put lady, I would The whole time, if I banged the dude, you know, I'd just be like, this is so wild, dude.


It would be hilarious. I would've No issues, dude. Eight hours sleep. Yeah. Yeah. Literally. I'm not that guy. Yeah. I knew a guy. No, Ladyboy would keep you in bed. They'd be like, come on bedtime. I knew, I knew Bedtime. You go. Yes ma'am. I also knew a guy, I also knew a guy in Estonia. He came back, And, he was all weird for a few months. All weird. Then he eventually had to go to like therapy and then he start telling us what Happened. He even took a little rickshaw ride, Took a little rick, this guy. So this guy goes and he's like, he's like, he's like 25 years old.


So he's in his point, in his life, I was also 25. He was, you know, it's the classic. It's the first girlfriend. They're loyal. The first never even shared the kiss with another person. She's loyal to him. It's that. But now they've been together since they were 15. The classic. Yeah. But 15 to 25. The growth, you go as a person. It's so, such a huge gap. Dude, if I meet you at 25 to 35, maybe I can handle that. Yeah. But 15 to 25. So they're going through that rough phase where they don't know where it's going. They go to Thailand thinking it's gonna fix, oh no. Thinking it's gonna fix things. She's like, oh my God, the temples, you know, he's like, yeah, yeah, the Temples.


He's like, yeah, yeah. The temples. And then, so what did they happen? You know, they get into a huge fight. She throws a glass on the street. One of those like the big, yeah. A big fight in the relationship they got, they're actually, they actually got back together. Okay. But it's a big breaking point. And this dudes just goes into the night, you know, disappears for 48 hours. Hookers guys, everyone gets it. That donkey got fucked. He's not a tear. So he just went completely buck up. Rah. Yeah, yeah. And, they helped their relationship. They're back together. But when he came back, then just fucking this look, you know?


Really? Because He's so traumatized from all the Eastern European toxic bullshit. Yeah. And remember when I heard about it, I just started Laughing. I was like, dude, how did every, how did everyone hear about it? He came back and told, finally, Finally, he starts drinking. He start drinking with us. He gets back. I wasn't close friends with him. Right, right. But I saw him at parties. So eventually he starts over And. he starts a little laughing about it. But when he told me I, or when I heard about it, I laughed like kicking my feet on the couch. And when I saw him, I'm like, bro, what? For six months? He was just weird. I was like, bro, are you gay? What's the issue? Like, That should be bachelor parties, by the way. Should be. You go out, it should you, your dudes take you out to have like a very gay experience.


And that way you come back and you can appreciate your wife. You're like, yeah man, that is not for me. And every person gets married. Your whole family has to go out and have a gay experience. And when I would live in Thailand, I would, Yeah, you gotta shake that off. You can't let that dictate your life, bro. Dude, he was just mad at his, he was just mad at his girlfriend. He was just mad at his girlfriend. And also, they're beautiful Angels. It's her fault. It's her fault. It's also, but there's also, they're beautiful angels. True Dude. They're beautiful angels. Literally the Technology's already literal, gonna Get better. Better If. you go to a bar in Thailand and you see a chick that's like, you're like, you know, like CGI. Perfect. Yeah. Was it hard to tell? Tell outta 10. Was it hard to tell for you?


Is it really, you think it's, you Think all guys have a theory? Look at their hands. I'll see it. I'll see the fucking apple. Dude. Nothing. If they can cut the dong is what else they can cut. Perfect. The apple. Everything's perfect. Real. And the tradition from a transition from a time man to a girl Easy sled. Yeah. For me, like a Eastern European with my, I have ugly man feet. True. It's not as easy for us. Yeah. Just this weird fucking look at these fucking, although I Do have, I have soft Irish features. I might be able to become a beautiful woman. But, so what, tell me about East Estonia. What is, what's like, where is it geographically? Where is Estonia Next to Russia.


Okay. Is it under the sway of Russians influence or is it more like un like where does it, where you Stand? No, no. We're very nato. Un because Yabo got luck geographically. Yeah. Huh. Huh. Lavia Wish they were us. Lavia is, Lavia Is down with Russia. Lavia Not far. Latvia's still in good Lithuania. Good. But if we go to like, huh? Like Kazakhstan, that, Oh, oh, you're the, you're the east side of Russia. No, We're not that, but that geographical area. Yeah. After the Soviet Union collapsed, they politically just sided with the Russians. Which at the time, you know, this was the nineties. This European Union wasn't a slam dunk.


The un nato, that wasn't a slam dunk. So they sided with Russia and we went, 'cause we're closer to Sweden. Finland, Okay. And we would, so, and we would be their finish Swedish fucking Norway. Their economy would influence influences positively too. 'cause Finn guys would come Over. Oh, I see, I see. So you got, you got, okay. I was, I thought you guys were like further on that little collection of countries near Ru. I thought like Georgia, I didn't, geographic I just meant like, No, you guys are, you're in a good spot, man. You're right below Finland. But dude, imagine like what Russians, like their C or KGB could do to a small Eastern European country.


And nobody would've any idea. What do you mean they could fuck around and like, They fuck around all the time with us. Do they really? Yeah. There's all the time News. Another spy, another fucking thing. Really? But they're Russian s spies. They have fucking, they're taking old notebooks. They don't have, they, they have the oldest listening. Otherwise, dude, whenever a Russian spike gets caught, he literally has the wire here. I'm like, dude, What the Fuck. They're dressed like Inspector Edge. Fucking Kamala has a earring. Can't fucking figure it out. Yeah. Russian spies are still, you know, they're in the same really. Well, have you seen the Russian army? Have you seen their, like they act Like they have the coolest shit. They have. They Never have the coolest shit, dude. Have you seen, have you seen, look at the Ukraine war. There's footage, you know, when Russians, they see a drone dude, they're like, what the, they're like minority report, you know, they're like, What.


the Fuck. 'cause they have a knik oven and a fucking pigeon, you know, fucking Yeah. They, They hold it down like they got the best missiles. So it's all bullshit here, right? I Mean, a missile is a missile. There's Yeah, true. The way they get it to you, It is the problem. Yeah, it's true. So, okay, so you guys are not the prop, Promotion is the issue. So you, so you're, you guy, I I, I was curious about that. 'cause I, it's like, I'm fascinated by Eastern Europe. 'cause I don't know anything about it. I know. Yeah. Because a friend of mine yesterday, I told him that I'm doing your podcast. He was like, you're a big history guy. I'm well, Shane's more of a big history guy. Oh really? But I do like, I do like history. Tim Dylan is a history guy. He always comes up and says facts about Estonia to me that I don't know.


He's like, oh yeah, better watch out. I'm like, watch out. What do I know? I don't know. Yeah, I, yeah. I'm fascinated by it. 'cause there's so many little countries and it's like, I dude in school, they didn't teach us anything about Eastern Europe. It was just a place they'd be like, yeah. Like what's good with it? Yeah. I don't mind. You know, I like it. I'm not Angry. I kind of like it.


You know what I want some we dude, when do I want it? Now your state restricting legal access to live the high life via legally gives you the freedom to blaze your own trail and get premium federally legal cannabis products discreetly shipped to your door in all 50 states. Yeah, you heard that right? You can get weed sent to your door. The future is now Vias organic flour is grown, carefully tested to ensure the highest quality free from harsh pesticides or nasty chemicals. We also tested it through La Mer. He approves, if you're a gummy guy, Vy is also well renowned for their award-winning THC and THC, free gummies, soothing topicals and calming drops. All crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted, independently owned American Farms. Whether you want to get better sleep, ease, anxiety, enhance your mood, or just get stony, they have something crafted for you. They even have a libido gummy for all the dogs who need help with your bird. I might take one of those. I might take one of those right now for this podcast. Personal endorsement. I like it. I have eaten the gummies and I like them a lot. I'm a big fan of one-to-one C-B-D-T-H-C combinations. And guys, it's not bullshit. The the Hemp Farm Bill, whatever the fuck It is basically legalized weed. You can get it now. The secret's out. All right. The products range from zero milligrams to 100 milligrams of THC. So these guys have you covered whether you're looking to microdose or enjoy more potent effects. If you're 21 plus, check out the link to Via in our description and use the code MSSP to receive 15% off. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Unleash the green and live the American Dream with Via.


PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 100 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks. I mean, what more can you ask for to get in on the real money sports action? You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks with as little as four correct picks. PrizePicks is the best way to get in on action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. PrizePicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy. So if your lineups stay in play, even if one of your players gets injured, if your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return, PrizePicks keeps your lineup live. PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. Join over 10 million users and sign up today. PrizePicks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out. If your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money. Even if one of your picks doesn't hit. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play at $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Price picks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday, price pick discount, select Player projections up to 25%. Provide even more value for your lineup. Do you guys get all that Taco Tuesday? 25% for your lineup. Okay, don't forget it. All right. Download the PrizePicks app today and use Code Drench. You get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Price pick.


Does Blue Chew work? If you're asking that question, we want you to know that Blue Chew is putting their money where their mouth is by giving you a month free. And guess where their mouth is? Right on your big hard penis. Blue Chew is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But at a fraction of the cost and in a chewable form, the process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription. Within days. Bluetooth tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever the opportunity arises. Personal endorsement. My dick gets hard as hell, guys, I'm sorry. I wish I could tell you I took him and my dick got harder, but I don't think it can get any harder than It is Blue two wants men rock hard. They told me that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is break up like a brick house until every tennis pitched, till every rod is raised. Discover your options@bluechew.com and we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BlueChew FREE. when you use our promo code DRENCHED at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's blue chew.com promo code drenched to receive your first month free visit Blue chew.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.


Guys, this is very important. If, you live in Cleveland, Ohio. I'll be there through October 10th through October 10th. Or fuck my, I shouldn't fast it for 48 hours. I'll be there for October 10th through October 12th. Hilarity Comedy Club, Cleveland, Ohio, Boston, the Wilbur. I believe that sold out. Thank you. Boston, Milwaukee Improv. October 24th, the 26th. That's huge. And guys, here's the big ones. Please don't make me look like a loser. 1115 Cap Capital One Hall, Tysons, Virginia. That's gonna be a big one that I, I don't think people are too happy with the ticket sales as they currently are. And 11, 16th, 2024 Town Hall, New York City. If I can't fill this place, I will fucking kill myself.


'cause it's one of the biggest cities in the world. So let me not make a fool of myself at the New York Comedy Festival, the very prestigious event. And also 11 29, 20 24, a little out in the future. Irvine Improv, Irvine, California. Come on, man. Come out there. Even though I'm West Coast at heart, I'm totally SoCal all thank you guys. Matt McCusker dot com for tickets. An hour word from Martin Dealer Bros. Right? Hello, it's me La me. I have some shoes. October 9th, I'll be in Helium, Indianapolis at the Red Room. Come to that. And then October 11th and 12th I'll be in Janesville, Wisconsin. They gave me too many shows, so please come to that. Optimum Knocked is November 5th Feud, October 17th.


And dude, please just check everything out strong guardini.com la me lee.fund. Yeah, thank you. What do you think about Tate coming over there? Andrew Tate. Yeah. He kind of like started holding it down eastern, Eastern Europe. Dude. Dude. What? Think my Cobra Tate down there. Romania Dude, when I saw him on like your mom's house, remember that was one of his big Tate was on your mom's house. Andrew Tate. That was his big Do. You Know. That was a big break, right? You guys do know that, right? No. Yeah. I didn't know he was on it. Tom Ura made everything bad happen. No, but he But they had him on. Yeah, but that was the time when, How long ago was that? That was a While ago. And in my head I was, that was when he was doing the weird videos when he is in front of a chimney.


Yes. He was talking about, you know, he's in front of a chimney talking. They had him on that long ago. Yeah. When he's sitting in front of fire. So for me it was a hundred. When I see a clip like that, I'm like, it's a hundred percent a bit. And it's like a character for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And then turns out this guy might be the president of the world now. Yeah. You know? Well, yeah. He might get in trouble for sex trafficking. So, I mean, who hasn't sex trafficking? We're all, you know, we're all bad guys, you know. That's true. I mean, that is true. Me, Eastern European, The definition of sex trafficking is true. Who hasn't? You know? Well, the definition is if If You assault women, you sold women. We are sold women.


The definition If, you tra If, you cross state lines with a girl and trick her into the reason why she's moving. That's Yeah. But how Yeah, but you're tricking. I mean, exactly. How easy is it? You know? Yeah. It's like moving from Pennsylvania to Delaware and being like, no, I'm just trying to chill. I'm just, that's technically sex trafficking For sure. Yeah. So yeah, It is a, it's a hazy definition. But yeah, they got him on a couple counts. I don't know if they'll get him though. It'll be terrible dude. If he was, is He the Romanian court? I think so. Yeah. I did. Oh, He laughed at the court. Jerry Is a chicken dude. He laughed at the Romanian. The jury's a little chicken. That was Andrew Tate's pride forwards before they came down with all the, Yeah. I dunno about that court. You ain't gonna be the Glo situation.


Like oj. Yeah. You think he'll get off? I think he'll get off too. Oh yeah, Dude, I think young thugs getting off. He has to rock up with a Lamborghini. Yeah. Young thug's getting off. I don't, dude. Do you think Diddy will get in trouble? I think he, I think he's like done. I think if he goes free it'll be mass protest. Like What, what, what? What did he do? I don't even, I don't know what the lotion, I've seen the meme. Diddy was like grabbing guy's dicks, I think, Who hasn't dropped guys. True, true, true. Sticks against her whale. He beat, apparently he kept Cassie for 10 years, tricked her, which, you know, tricking Cassie. Cassie who? The rapper. Cassie? Yeah. She was like an r and b lady. Not Cassidy. Cassidy was not molested by JD to my knowledge. But yeah, he kept a girlfriend for 10 years and told her he was working on her album and like, it's coming out any day now, 10 years.


And was just making her do freak offs. The, the parties were like male prostitutes would've to have sex with her in front of everybody. Really? She never got to do her album. She escape. Really? Yeah. It is like sexual assault. Sex trafficking. Yeah. Drugs. Beat her up on camera. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Did you see the video of him beating her ass Really? In a hotel? You didn't see this? What? Dude, there's a video of him. I haven't seen the guy where the football player knocks the fuck out of her Ray Rice. Yes. Dude, It's so brutal that it like shocks you. Like What? And and I'm, I'm not, like I said, I'm not being disrespectful against Eastern Europe. Is it like, I'm genuinely curious in terms of like pushing a woman around.


Is that totally off the table or is it like, oh Bro, we hit all of them really well. We as a It is Very bad. I I know what you mean. I know what you mean. It's very Bad. Yeah, it's very bad. It's bad still. It's like when they're trying to fix the, like when, you know, when they're trying Vetting machine, the LGBT things, you know, like we're still hitting them. So Really There's bigger issues, you know? Yeah. I guess Would you say like what? Like Take a number, trans people 50. Is it like, like is it for real? Like that? Can you It's bad. Yeah, it's bad. Like all the, all the, I have friends who are police officers, they literally go like, just every day you get to the kitchen, the wives on the kitchen, the dude's hammered holding a knife.


Whoa. Every day, all day. Damn. It's bad here too. You just, for you, the cops don don't even come it. The cops don't even come. They're like, huh, someone's hitting a woman. We have real shit to do. Yeah, true. Although The cops don't come Here. Yeah. The cops don't come. You Know, dude, if I, if my wife called and said I was beating her, the cops, they'd, they'd grab my ass. Oh really? It's my greatest nightmare. Oh, it's to have the cops threw me outta my house. Absolutely. I wouldn't have done it. I'm saying if she were to be like, he's hitting me and then fucking sock herself. Your parents never got into a little scuffle. Not physical. Not that I saw my Mine was stepdad and mom. Bad, Really bad. Stepdad was physical. Yeah.


What'd you do? You're a probably little Sit there and cry like a Bitch. I mean's we all would Don't, don't. Or the only thing If, you don't cry like a bitch. What you end up doing is killing your stepdad. See, Because Oh, For real. It's either it's, it's all or nothing. Nobody like squares up Cry there like nine years old. I watched the movie that where the Dragon movie with Jet Lee. Remember when he had the N Needles? I was like, how to get these fucking needles? I gotta get my stepdad, dude. I was gonna, so that's Rugged. Where's this guy now? But it's dead. All dead. Everyone's dead. You know? Yeah, true. Yeah. Yeah. So the stepdad's dead for real. Everyone's dead. Everyone. Your whole family's dead. Everyone's Dead. Damn. I'm sorry to hear That. It's okay. I love bringing it up. You. are you fucking Around me? People talk about wholesome.


Are you fucking around? Is everyone No, no, no, No, no. Everyone's dead. Everyone's dead. Found out the real dad is actually not dead, but doesn't want hear about it. So everybody's Your real dad's not dead. Turns Out. Yeah. Be copi. Plot twists. re like Americans talk about family. Oh, Thanksgiving. I always go ask about my family. Ask about, Well, would you like to, I'd like to talk about that if it's not too much of a sore subject. So then when like, so, so when you're a little, so when you're a little child, a little boy, you know, I don't know if this is true, but I imagine, I imagine If, you biological dad hits your biological mother. There's maybe it's not good for sure. Definitely bad for sure. But maybe there's a system in our DNA that kind of, that kind of tells you like in a, in a plant, in a plant things are good.


You know, like, you're Right about that mean. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Having a, having, having a stranger coming into it. It's worse step. Dad is a dude. Yeah. And You are in that age of, you know, when like testosterone is starting to, in introduce your dick is getting a little interesting now and you're starting to become a man. And then another guy enters the picture. And, he is violent. That's I think a bigger insecurity. Big time seeded in your whole thing, you know? Yeah. That's way worse. Yeah. Yeah. That's terrible. Yeah. That. So how do you feel? But it's Very normal. I would say normal. I'm, I'm not saying this is, I'm not like, it's my story. It's what if I talk to all of my friends in Eastern New York, A lot of my friends, it's way worse stuff.


You know? Course also my stepdad didn't hit me. You Know? Yeah. So that's so yeah. What? That's yeah. That's not, that's not good. Yeah. It's not good. Glad he's dead. What? Glad he is dead. Yeah. Damn dude. That's fucked up. Yeah. Do you feel like when you come to America, when, when you came, how long ago did you come here by the way? June. Oh, you're, we're relatively new here. Yeah. First time I visited here was in December. When you hear Americans complain about stuff is a party that's like, shut the fuck up. No dude, we're dude, I'm a suburban kid overall. Okay bro. Don't get it twisted. But you might had the blast station. Just a regular old cul-de-sac. Yeah. Buy, You buy had the blast station. So really? Yeah, of course.


Oh, Chappelle show. Gotcha. This is why I'm so confused about Eastern Europe. I'm like, wait, what? No, Estonia's doing good. Like, So it's chilling You Estonia. Oh yeah. You are, I'm a suburban, like middle class kids. Gotcha. You gotcha. So I complain. Literally If, you give me like an Americano without no cre on it. You're pissed off. Take me to hell. Literally take me to when Do You Know. When the, you know, when the barista does the coffee And, they put the, they put the thing under. Yeah. Yeah. You, the thing is, 'cause I used to be in the service industry. Mm. I used to be in the service industry. The thing is, you put it under, you're supposed to click it immediately because If, you don't see the thing metal here.


It is hot and it burns the coffee. What? That's why you get sometimes like a burned feeling in the coffee. Ah. And these retards out there. The baristas. Yeah. Some of them, Some of them are, you know when you Try to get a good one in the back, but then you see the new Yeah. She don't know America. So they don't go over their fucking up. The beans have To go. Yeah. They put it under, it starts burning And. they look for the cup. I'm kind of pissed. I know that now. 'cause I've never, always, oh you Your life. It is, have you ever Like give that a turn? Did you ever tell 'em like Yo, I've, I've never, Yeah, I wouldn't be able to do That. I'm Eastern European. We're not. I know Americans are, Excuse me. Couldn't Tell 'em to give a little Yo. Give it a little nudge. No, I'll say thank you.


You're an angel. Give him a kiss and leave. True. With the shittiest coffee I've ever had. That's how I do. And then I boil in the corner. Yeah. Have more espresso. Yeah. I'm reading a book right now about an Irish immigrant who came to Amer New York in 1949. All he can do the whole time he's just like, I can't believe people are complaining about this stuff. But you're saying you had a good life in Estonia, which I'm glad. Yeah. I mean, I got Out when the Soviet Union collapsed. It was Thrive. The economist thriving. It's a new country. Yeah. Culturally doing amazing. I mean that's another thing in standup, you know, I was so lucky because it's not like Estonia is one of those random Eastern European countries in terms of standup. Because when we started back in the day, you know, the Soviet Union built a lot of old theaters.


That's what communism does. You know, they make everything grandiose. Yeah, yeah. And so, so there are all these good theaters, beautiful venues and like communism in terms of cultural, they always encourage you to go out, but they always censored and gave you what they want. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's how you control people. It's not the fucking guns that control people. You have to control the culture, the subconscious mind. Yeah. You know, you, that's what you do. Like Kamal Harris Laer. Yeah, sorry. Because And so yeah. American politics. Yeah, you're right. So So, that was, was that a territory? That was part of Russia then it fell And they gave these, yeah.


So there's all this liberation because there's such big censorship. So there's all this lib, internet, the Chappelle show, south Park, all the, all the sketches would always be all of a sudden be more blue in terms of material. Yeah, they would, the songs would be, you know, like punk rockish, you know? 'cause with all this Western cultures now overflowing. Like I got remember Sex in the City? Yeah. I got Sex in the City and Knight Rider the same year. Remember Knight Rider? Yeah. Because we got all this Fucking bra. You got, oh, you got all this stuff. You at once Beatles. Everyone's coming. Ah, that's kind of weird. You got, you got three decades of culture at once. I watched Chappelle show golden girls back to back. I was like, these bitches are crazy and appreciated.


How and how old were you when this happened? When all this like, oh, I was born in ninety two, ninety one. This when Union fell. But I mean, but still I know what you're saying though. It all came and hit when it, When a thing falls, it's not like, okay, you gotta create currency Loss Culture. Now You are also so strong in your, and we had our own language, but the media was always like translated from the Russian influence. So we never got our own shit. Yeah. And Now we, but we always had it underground. There would always be, you know, so What was, what was it like for the, like, the older people around you to have all of that just stuff coming. That must have been fucking nuts. Dude. Men kissing B.


Just the sculpture. The Matrix. MacGyver. Yeah. Must watching like this, just, it's just, that's kind of nuts to think about. Yeah. ATMs, fucking CDs. The Cassette player. Lincoln Bar. That's crazy. It's all coming. So you guys just got all the tech Ba That's Kind of cool. And so there's an explosion. And also what's perfect in standup. For standup, it's perfect for every art form, but for especially standup, the more tension there is. Mm. The, the release can be.


Right. That's why standup is thriving in America right now. Lots of tension in the air. The rifs will be Fire. Yeah. I mean, like, I know some, I I know a Ukrainian open mic in Kiev. In Kiev. How It Is changed. Imagine what they're saying about the Russians. Imagine the riffs. Yeah. It is probably crazy. Fire. I didn't think about that. I didn't think about the riffs Like it, you know, you know, in that basement people tell it like, It is true. True. What are they riffing on over there? Ooh, they're calling because we have slurs for Russians and all that. So they're so, they're ba ba ba like ba Ba ba Damn. I didn't think about wartime comedy. Imagine, imagine black people all of a sudden get cut control of America and then you're all free.


You know, they're the enemy and all that. And then you're all free. Imagine the rifts the first night in the basement, you know? Yeah. They'd be saying, we don't put salt on our food and shit. It'd be devastating. That would be kind of cool. That would be kind of cool if they got the finally the black planet. I think that, I think they're ripping pretty hard already. But yeah, they could go And that's why, that's why black guys always roast white guys. 'cause it's Yeah. Fucking fuck you. Yeah. You know, It's great. True. I mean, even though a lot of white guys weren't even involved, like, whatsoever with their stuff, but Yeah, I hear you though. Exactly. I hear you though. It's true. Yeah. So the riffs are like true. Like imagine being in a Russian guy in a ki have open mic right now. Yeah. That Was tough.


Lemme find out. You're Russian. He's gonna be fired. Dude, this crowd eclipse TikTok city dude. But Then if he can get up and defend himself, that might be kind of fire too. But he's fire too. Yeah. Oh. Or, or Ima imagine the rifts in Moscow right now. Moscow. 'cause they lost ATMs. They lost Apple pay. They're losing McDonald's. You know, porn too. It's the sanctions. They're losing porn. But then imagine the rifts. The rifts are probably kind of weak in Moscow right now. Or no. I'll Be like, we're gonna nuke them. Yeah, we're coming back. We're coming back. I'll put the Russian anthem on. Yeah. Because they've also been, you know, kicked around after the union collapsed. They Have, yeah. Fuck. So they're trying to, you think they'll actually unleash the nuke? I mean, I'm sure the comedians are literally chanting it as we speak.


That's what my bit would be. No, God, if they nuked us successfully, they could win the war. I hope they don't. If you're listening Russian propagandists don't, don't Do that, dude. You don't. They don't have the listen, they don't have the like No, listen, listen. They, I think they got the nukes. Listen, you think they're, there's bad If. you go to St. Petersburg today, you'd say If, you go to St. Petersburg today, you're gonna see an iPhone. Three Gs remember three Gs. Yeah. You are gonna see an iPhone, maybe four. So it's bullshit. So this missile ain gonna make it over to the greatest country. Listen, I'd like to hear That's good. That's good news. Dismissal. So why, Why is America messing with them so bad? Dismissal. Why do, why do we have such an obsession with Russia if they're just like, I Mean, they're a big force.


I mean, they're big. They're big. They're Big. They're an economy and all that. I Guess they are kind of the biggest force next to Europe in China, obviously. I guess they're, yeah, They have the manpower. Yeah. That's what they're doing with Ukraine. Yeah. They have the manpower. I guess we gotta wait till they get older. They just go like, Hey, 80 million go. I'm sure you have all the cool missiles and drones, but I have 80 million shaved men running. Yeah, true. Believe in Every word I say. Yeah. For the motherland, Do, You, Know, Dude. True. They do have the manpower. I'll get to your drums. But their population's aging, isn't it? So I figured aging bad. Once they get old, it's, They're sending everybody there to kids. Right now. There's 76-year-old grandma throwing a grenade.


They have a little Drum. They have little drummer boys. Everybody's going, brother, fuck. They're pulling people off the bus. Look at the videos. There's a nerdy guy like, like Sean Cardini with the glasses. That's why nerd damn It is, it's a stereotype like Sean. Like imagine Sean on a bus in the army. Just grab, puts a helmet on him. And. he is got a fucking go in a ditch. Do you think Russia's gonna lose the war? They're definitely, are they losing pretty badly? Have you I don know every news article tells me different. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know who to trust anymore. You Know, I'm surprised they're winning. I mean, hey, let's Just stop killing and let's just make laugh. That's what I'm saying, man. Yeah. We gotta give 'em the TV show. They had the TV shows for a while, didn't they? Russia had the TV shows.


What do you mean? They like, when Estonia got all the TV shows, did Russia not get the TV shows? So I feel like they got the jeans. No, they got the blue jeans. No, All but, but, but, but, but they got their own shit going on. They're like Spanish people. They're not on fucking do Spanish people have their own app, like Facebook or something? Yeah. Chinese people have like wee or whatever. Yeah. We, we, we, They do have, we Don't, isn't that a thing for China? It's called like WeChat wep. And it has everything. It has the Instagram feature, it has the Twitter feature, it has the forum feature. Like when I was in, when I was in Kuala Lump. Or you would go on WeChat and you just put in UFC tonight and it shows the bars and the people Hanging out there.


You can already join the chat of the people Hanging out there. What? And you can be like, what's up? I didn't know that. So, so that's where they always say that. That's where the, our apps also come. That's where they taste all those fucking things. Oh Really? On the Chinese population. Yeah. 'cause they're so, 'cause they consume so much of it. I, I wanna see what's up with China. Are they really that in, is everyone in China really that into China? Or like, sorry, this is what I do if I meet anyone from another country. I'm like, you must know all about the world. I don't know. I went to, have you been, you've never been to China? I've Been to Beijing. Really? I did A show there, but it was only for expats. But when I was walking around, the vibes were off. The vibes were Off. They're off. You're not, I could see the vibe sucking in China. I really could. The Vibes fucking sucked. Dude.


I'm not, I'm not rude. I don't wanna be rude for sure. But four days in Beijing, lemme tell you, as a 21-year-old hopeful kid with baby blue eyes, watching the world as It is not judging anybody. You know, The vibe sucked. You could Say, I go to Iran, eat a dumpling. I don't buy the hype. I could go to Afghanistan, get on a beach. You know, I could go anywhere. Yeah. I don't buy the hype. Yeah. Yeah. But I gotta tell you, Beijing, the vibes Off in Beijing sucked. What's the craziest? I was K Ffc. Everyone's rude to me. Why? 'cause all the letters are fucked up. I mean, they're, they're Yeah, true. No, no, I get it. I get it. It's your shit. But also The lines are tough personal spaces that they, I'm avoiding at the picture.


You don't get that. Yeah, man. Because I don't speak Thai either, but it's RIF city. Yeah. I'll fucking show the hands. I'll do a c co. You know, I want chicken with rice. I do the fucking eyes, the Asian eyes. And I do C Co. That's chicken with rice. Am I correct? Am I correct? That's pretty close. Am I correct? But yeah, that, no, that, that can be, that's tough. If they're like stonewalling you in the language, it's like, bro, I'm not gonna study space invader language. Dude, they look like language. It looks like space invader characters. It do though. It's like, come on man, knock it off. Give some fucking words. So I, I feel your pain. I'd be like, come on guys. I would try to lead it like a lead, like a revolution and be like, guys, we have words so you don't have to draw little symbols.


That's crazy. So yeah, For standup, that was perfect for us. You know, like when, when I started and another guy Sonder started, it was, we were like the first guys. And the upside of that is our open mics two, 300 people. We have to, we have to kick people out. Hundreds turned away from the open mic. 'cause it's 'cause they're coming from the, for the novelty. 'cause standup comedy, they're like, they watch Louis CK they watch Jimmy Carr. Yeah. They watch, they're starting to get it. And also all the TVs would still be stuck in the old Soviet ways. You know, they're kind of bleeping stuff. They're not talking pot talk. Oh yeah, yeah. They're not talking Pot talk.


YouTube came around. So we already see Kevin Hart talking about a long ad day. And then I look at the tv, it's kind of boring for me. Yeah. And then you find out, oh, we have also standup comedy. Comedy Estonia. That was the organization and the, the, the, the mics would be packed. And the upside of being a new culture in, in standup is that you don't have to pay for the sins of the previous generation is what the, is the big problem in like Canada and America. Also, the clubs held you guys down. They would pay you shit. They would have to pay for stage time. So people kept fucking you around. All the gatekeepers would pull the ladder up, not help anybody else. Mm. So you had, so, so you ended up with a big, actually bullshit system that doesn't encourage talent.


It kind of discourages, which also makes the diamond shine out. Of course, for sure. But it also discourages, I'm sure there's a lot of guys, I mean, I know a lot of guys who are fucking way funnier than me, but they're just stuck in a scene and they're kind of stuck in the politics of the, they, they can't do quite TikTok. They're trying, you know, and then every time they have that one showcase a month that the club gives, they get three minutes. And, they, yeah. That kind of sucks. So they don't really get, You said it was popping in Estonia. It was really, so they Don't really get to shine. But we all got a big audience straight off the top. So you get a lot of, so you get a lot of like, so I don't wanna, what's the word? Not support, but like, when the crowd is also growing with the Artists.


Yeah. You get a lot. Yeah. You get real feedback. You're doing real crowds. You're not doing like 10 angry comics being like, fuck this guy. And also, I'm not saying we were the most original guys either. We went through because we're the first ones at the, well, it's not like we discovered the water. You know, we're the first ones. So all the hack topics have Has To be, we're the first generation, you know. That's awesome though. That's pretty cool. I never thought about that. Yeah. Have you been Finland? Yeah. What's Finland All about? I'm half Finnish. Are you really? And my name is the most finished thing you've ever heard. True. Yeah. What's up with Finland? I, when I was a kid, I grew up the, the winters in near me, which is where Lapland, that's like near the Arctic circle and shit.


It's like bad out there. Sucks. What's the vibe? What's the vibe like in, It's like they had the polar night, you know that? No, Just gray. What? And you're just at a bar. Ah. What time is it? And you're just low on the vitamin. I thought Finland was like beautiful. No, There's, it's a long as country. So there's different, No, there's different areas. But you're in the gray there. Yeah, but I mean, we also, Estonia we don't, we, we have like two to three months of the gray. Do You really? Of the gray. Maybe one piece of sunlight. Every two, three weeks. One piece where you get the cloud kind of shows you what?


Damn. Is it rainy or just kind of like rainy gray and misty gray. Misty, rainy, Bad. Did you ever move around the mist though? Like, kind of like fuck yeah. Like Peaky Blinders. Yeah. Trust me, I've had in my Peaky Blinders face in Estonia got a toothpick. I was a toothpick guy when I was like 19 for Six months. Really? Yeah. Moving around the mist. That'd be kinda sick. That'd be pretty tight. Yeah. But always sick. 'cause the, the Peaky Blinders clothing isn't actually proper winter wear. Like If. you look at Peaky Blinders, it's Fullblown soup, but it's the middle of winter If. you think about It's chill. Yeah. You need a If. you actually think about it. And those cars had no air conditioning back then. So If you think about it, it's actually freezing to death. He's having hypothermia. Yeah. You're you're exposed neck.


Your voice ain't gonna be the fucking smoke. Yeah. You're way chillier. You're right. They're way chillier than they go. So I would dress like Peaky Blinders and then end up in pneumonia. Well, God damn dude. Well thanks for doing this man. Course. Course. I think you we're at hour, right? 52. 52 What. the Fuck La Mer. Oh, You are are tired Of me? Or are you Tired of me? I just, I like to keep it at, I keep it at an hour. So a nice formula. Lemme get that hour. Let's keep ripping. Dude, I'm, I'm good to go. I'm ready to rip and grip, you know. So What's up with the, we talk about player. What's up with me? I'll tell you what's up with me, dude. I'm on a 48 hour fast. I told you that already. Nah. Damn. 48 hour fast. Honestly, dude, I'm just trying to like, you know what I'm trying to figure out right now. Tell me how to just sit down like anywhere I am and just be kind of chilling, you know what I mean?


It's hard. I, I've been trying to figure this out forever. There's gotta be some combinations of words I can just put into my head to where I'm like, Chill. You're one of those guys who needs to say shut up brain. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Big. I'm one of those guys to do. Yeah. Big time. So I'm trying to learn how to just chill So hard. Huh? It hard, man. I always live in the future. I can't even, every moment I've app appreciated in my life has been in retrospect. Yeah. And that's such a cty thing of, hey God, what, what's up with that? Take me that I can only happy, happy about something when it's over. Yeah. Take me to the now. What do I Do? Like every holiday I've ever had has always been like that. Really?


During Covid, I went to Barcelona for a few months, you know, just didn't do comedy. It disappeared. It's kind of nice. That's why I love Thailand too. You can just disappear. Yeah. Know. Yeah. But then my mind, you know. Yeah. Like I was the happiest I've ever been in Barcelona and I had no idea when it was happening. I was just walking around. Oh, you Got back? Oh, when's my next gig? I'm wondering. Yeah, that sucks. I, when you're, I've been, I've been depressed on a vacation before in like a beautiful area. And that's like, that gets kind of rugged, right? You're in like a beautiful tropical area and you're just kind of like, You are like, dude, I fucking suck. Yeah. Sometimes I wish, like when I was on a beach, I just wished like on the boat, like the Somalian comes and then we have to fight to the death.


And I barely make it. I mean, the hospital beep, beep all over. But then I come back just to do something with my life, you know? Yeah, dude, I was, I was that same book about the Irish immigrant. He's talking about a Native American guy who, they're all like working in a hotel And. he was just like, the Native American is like, dude, this shit is so embarrassing for us. Like, we should be riding horses and just fucking like shooting each other with bows and arrows. He's like, that's the only thing a dude should do. He's like, we're preparing a fucking banquet room. He is like, this is humiliating. We should be riding around taking each other's scalps and just chilling. Just chilling. You know? I mean, I hear, I see what he's saying, obviously. Yeah. It's kind of a rough life. But like, yeah, I can see, I, I do the same thing. I'm in my house. It's like, it doesn't matter what your house looks like.


I'm just waiting for someone to break in. I wanna fight them into death. That's like, it's all I wanna do. Most Exhilarating. I walk downstairs naked every night and I'm like, please let this be the night. My dream in life is to be like a survivor. Like I'm on a bus with children. Everybody dies. You wanna be unbreakable. Exactly. That'd be, I want, what I want is the interview where I'm the witness survivor. I'd love that interview. I'd nail That. Are you still wounded? Do you still have wounds in the interview? I clean myself up. I mean, it's national exposure and promote the dates. You know, Survivor would be nice. Yeah. Sometimes You see those survivor, you know, when somebody witnesses something, they're always like, ha ha.


I saw And I'm like, this is 45 minutes after it happened. Have nothing prepared. Do I have a full on true whole arc? I would lie. I would be like, I saved the baby. But then the baby said, you go be great. You know? And that's how the baby died, you know? I'd say that True. The baby told me to go Estonia. The Estonia comedy scene. Dude cannot lose one of the real ones. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But now you're America, bro. But yeah, the, the side. Do you have friends in Estonia, like reaching out like Oh yeah. Visitors all the time and yeah, everyone's super supportive. You know, that also used to be a big thing that when I tried to, 'cause I did comedy in Canada, you know, I've done the Seattle competition, I've done some things on this side of the world and I always felt like an outsider and it's keeping me back.


'cause every time I watch my favorite comedians, like Bill Burr, he talks about the game. He talks about football, you know, he knows all the references. Yeah. He goes the Philly rat, you know, he goes, yeah, yeah, the Buffalo Eagles suck, whatever. And you know, I'm sorry, I don't know the tips. Oh, you're good, man. I don't really follow sports like that either. I don't follow sports. I'm very, yeah, I don't care Either. You know, there's, I love, every time I see Shane, he's literally talking about the game every time. Yeah. Yeah. Love sports. Most guys in America do love sports. Everybody loves sports. Every green room, every, every, every day, every day. Sports is in my face. Like about the, you know, the game. The fantasy. Yeah. My fantasy is Would you tell people you don't care about it? Or you just try to pretend You No, I try to integrate. I Try to, you try to get along in the conversation. Have you been busted doing fake sports talk At all? Very much so.


Shannon, you know Shannon Sharp? I go, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He, he jump, he's a jumper, you know, like, because I think it's some NBA game. Yeah, yeah. NBA game in NBA game NBA guy. So I would always feel like I'm a, like, I'm an out outsider. I know. Try, you know, you watch American comedians, you try to recreate that. I would be influenced and all that. I would just try, you know. But then I had that like snap of like, where I realized, holy shit, I actually have an advantage of having a story that I'm not from here. I'm literally more rare than a, than a gay black guy now. I know. Definitely. I know 72 gay black guys were comedians.


Yeah. They've been, and they're funny as fuck, right? Yeah. I don't, no, no Estonian motherfucker out there. You are the only one I know. Yeah. I went to, no, I don't think he was from Estonia. I knew one other guy. I'm picturing him in my mind. I don't, now that I think about it, I don't know much about this guy. I, just assume he's from Eastern Europe. I don't know why, but that's fucking sick. Yeah, dude. It's better to be, you know, have the outside experience. I think. So Sometimes I do feel lonely in the culture a little. But then I just talk to my Estonia friends or they come and visit. Everyone's super supportive. What's the biggest difference in culture you would say Estonia of? Well, Right now it's a personal thing. It's, it's a personal thing.


Like what? It depends on the person, but for me, Yeah. Yeah. I got you. Trying to be a pedestrian in America. Nothing's more disrespected in America. We do look Down on pedestrian. We look down on pedestrians pretty hard. Hey, we need laws to protect you. Hey, I'm walking over here. Why am I next? Why am I on the I 35 with a truck going fucking 170 kilometers an hour next to my face? This close? Yeah. And Why is it so loud?


I can't relax on my walk, huh? Yeah. And, and in America, If, you don't have a driver's license Like me, I don't have a driver's license. Really? I'm literally disabled. Bird scooter. Yeah. I feel disabled. I'm, I'm, I'm literally yeah. A bird scooter dude. Even the other day I was Hanging out with fucking Israel Allan with Tony Hinchcliffe. Everyone's superstar. Everybody has Cadillacs. And then Ping. I, I'm next to them. Ping, ping, ping ping. I take the scooter. PPPP Dude. I ride the scooters back and forth all the time. They're awesome. And Scoot up. You do look like a scooter guy though. It's dude you ride past. Yeah dude. If, you need to be pretty jacked to handle those things. You can kick on. You kick on you. No, I ride scooters. Yeah. I love them man. Dude, that, that's my favorite thing. Riding from my house down to the mothership on a scooter and back. It's, that's all you Do that? Yeah. Put headphones in. That's all I do, sir.


That's Awesome. Put headphones in. Riding away from a good set on the lime scooter. People don't know it's, fuck it. It's a nice feeling. You know when people are like, oh, some people see You outside the club. You're like, so bro. Yeah. When people are like, you wanna do a bump of coke? No, I'll put Pink Floyd on. Think about what a superstar becoming and ride in the fresh Air. Who doesn't wanna do that? Ride by the creek and cave. You're like, oh, anybody see me? I fucking, now this guy's all know, But there's a lot of things I can't do. Like I don't even go to a Best Buy. Yeah. Grocery shop, shop. I can't go to a Best Buy. Now you can order your ah, ordering grocery sucks. They pick out bullshit And, they smell like cigarettes. You get onions. They smell like fucking Mar And. they don't feel the avocados like I do. They they don't, They don't fuck it.


No. That's right. This is me with a tomato. Yeah, true. Feel it if it's good vibes. You're right though. They, they pick bullshit fucking produce. And Then the dates, they always pick the expiration dates. Oh, thanks for bringing me milk. That expires in six hours. Yeah. They don't reach the back shelf. Yeah, it's Fucking, they always go for the back shelf. I love that. In the grocery store. And you find an expiration date that's like new, like older and you go next year. Nice try dickhead. You pull the milk from the back. It's the best Dude. I know you. And then you look into the other side of the shelf as you look. Nice try. I know you fucking Well, dude. We did it. We're at an hour. We did it. You are motherfucking man. Thank you so much. Thanks for doing this. Dude, by the way, was short notice. Dude, glad you came. Also, I really like your comedy.


Thank You, bro. You Haven't been around recently. I've Been traveling. But you were around A lot. I remember at We did and we did some bad shows together. Yeah, Man, you're funny as hell, dude. You are killing. It Shows thanks, man. You are a fucking man. You are funny too. The male. I'm also such a left turn for the chicks to be like, 'cause I go who's pound for pound hottest guy in the sea. Oh, You're asking the women. I Was asking, of course. It's seven women. I'm I'm gonna ask who's the hottest guy? That's a good, that's a good move. And I'm expecting, you know, they go like, oh, you know, I'm like this Sean, they didn't mention you Sean, but you play Game of Clear. Yeah. Darius Bennett.


I get it. If I hear like a black guy with a hat, I get it. Because Darius Bennett, there Are irresistible. Have you seen Darius dress? There? Is he literally dresses like Dolemite shooting tonight. Dude, this guy suave every time. Yeah. Black guy with a cool like bowler's hat. It is, yeah, I Just gotta step aside. And then you Show Hoka all comfortable with the Hoka shoes and, and chicks are like, that's, I didn't know you were talking about me specifically. That's, Chicks are like fucking, it's great. Oh my God. He's So. That's great. Board Unbalanced. It's great news. He doesn't hang around and talk about dumb shit.


Maybe, you know, maybe I represented doorway into life when they Told Makes sense. And that gives a lot of hope. Well, I appreciate that man. I thank you for bringing me that piece of information on The I can't be black. No, I know. Unfortunately I can, you could Put some hawkers on start fasting. Get Exactly, get like a nice wife, kiss her on the lips All the time. Kiss her Hard too. I could do, I could, I could do What? You could do that. And then all the female comedian ends will cove you. Yeah. They'll Co they'll cover more. So what you represent. I'm just kind of like a symbol. Chicks love mystery. You know? It's true. That's what you got going on too, I Think. Dude, when I would see you at the mothership in the back, you just fucking Quiet. Observing silent, strong, silent bro. Taking, Rolling. Strong silent bro.


Taking it all. I also have extreme social anxiety, so I'm just sitting there the whole time just like, oh fuck. Yeah. But now that I know a lot of comedian babes are liking my fucking swag, They're thinking about you, bro. No, I'll start walking around with a little more confidence. Like, one girl literally goes like this. Oh, that's Fucking awesome news. I'm, I'm gonna show this to my wife. I, that's the best thing I like to tell my wife. No, She literally goes like this. Oh, he's so hot. Oh, I like that. Jesus. That's nice. Thank you for telling me this man. Literally Like, it's just a wet through the jeans. Really? Damn On you. That's crazy, bro. That's pretty hot. But I get it. I get it. I don't, man, I don't see it.


I don't see it. But I mean, look, because You like You are like a mysterious guy. I do see mysterious Like report to Your wife. True. They like that. Yeah. Yeah. But dude, yeah, they like the idea of it. And you get, you know, one-on-one, it's just nothing but smoke mirrors and problems and bullshit. So Yeah. They don't know. It's actually the monkey with this thing in my head. They're like, what's it, what's, well, Thank you dude. Thank you for telling me that. I'm gonna take that information to my wife and rub it in her face. Appreciate you, bro. Thank you for having me on. You're great. You're great. I love, I would love to get married. You can do it bro. You can do it If. you know some good girl. You hear that out there.


You guys can get, everyone can get married. Girls wanna get married so fucking bad. They're actually pretty annoying about it. So for everybody out there to get married, so love you guys.