
And she's going. And we're live. Jeff Dye, Thank You for joining the podcast. Thanks for having me. Or dude, I'm telling you, standing podcasts are the future. This is it. Enough of the sitting, enough sitting and talking. I think it's giving, it's just podcasters are getting lazy. I agree. Podcasts are more important than ever, dude. After this election. Nailed It. Also, most of us are stand up comics. That's What I'm saying. Standing. Yeah. Dude. Do you rock the stool at all on stage? Never. Me Neither, bro. you know what that stool is? It's a tiny fucking table for my drink set list. That's all the Seat. It's not a seat. I agree. Make A table agree. I agree. I, I think it is. Some people like the stool. Some people like the stool. Yeah. I could never, I couldn't even, some people love The stool. Some people love the stool. But I, I couldn't, I couldn't imagine sitting like that. you know, It also seems so arrogant when a comic sits down.


Like, like, but It can play. It can play Well if you sit down looks, I Lecture a few young comics. I'm going, what are you doing? Get your fucking ass off there. What do you do to talk about jerking off? And you're sitting, If true, if you're a fat black guy, for some reason it's just like, it kind of works. Right. Sit on the stool. You also have a towel. So it's tree Waited 20 years before he sat on the fucking Stool. True. True. Yeah. It is a pretty nuts move. Are You are Telling to stand up? No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. No. We just do That was just, you're just being, you're Being, that seemed like we were just projecting on there. No. Well, mayor, you were doing These fat black guys. Always certain. You're doing a good service for us right now. Because we usually have a third podium. But we already established all, everything. And I'm like, lemairelee.


It killed him. He wanted to be standing with us. I love It. Well, also, what do you think about these becoming a part of standup comedy? I mean? You might introduce that. How Nice would this be? It's clear. You can still see what's going on. You can have all your stuff. I like Will, I'll throw a laptop under here sometimes. Yeah. I. just access all my stuff. And think About how poignant it would be to walk out in front of the podium now. It'd be like very Important. Yeah, man. Oh Yeah. You're like, I have something to say. you know, with your, and Also they can still see you. I can be like, and then Yeah. Fucking my wife. And they can see Also, I never know what to do with my other hands. I know that's a Will Ferrell thing. Like what do I do with my hands? But have you noticed, like, even your boy, it's very, it's like he's always on this thing. Two hand hands. Yeah. Like I do it behind my back. That I hate. I hate that I Do that. Yeah. Like you're a magician. I hate that I do that.


I'll sleeping into myself like, I fucking suck. Why am I doing this? I've been doing this long enough. I should know what to do with this hand. Yeah. I, I do. I for a while, I stopped doing standup for a while and I came back and I noticed I was, I was aping the double hand. Oh, for sure. Deal signature. So then I, I used to have like a power like PC principle. Just one hand right here. One hand by, and I've gotten back to that where one hand's by my side and I just kind of move around with this hand. Yeah. I hate the pocket. I, I did it recently. Can't do. I think I did it on Sunday. And I go, what am I doing? Immediately took it out. Rogan holds the mic. Hate it. I think Rogan holds the mic. The worst. Like a snow cone. Oh yeah. You go, What are we doing? The, The bottom? The Very bottom. Yeah. Like on the actual cable. I'm scared to touch that part of the microphone choke.


I know that. The connection. Yep. I choke up right around I. guess it's called the head of the microphone. Oh, you do the head choke the glands. Yeah. I choke the, that's the Eliza Schlesinger. She's like a hip hop artist, you know. What are you doing? No, I I. just hold it right in the middle dude. Right Me in the grip and I. just keep it right here. And I talk the entire time. Yeah. I've tried to do like Mike and the mic stand kind of talking. Oh, That's tough too. I started fucking with the stand and then I, yeah. It's like I do the two. I've done the two hands most of my career. I think Gillis is ruining it for us. 'cause now everyone, now everyone goes, oh, you're is doing Gilli. He goes, I'm just holding the fucking mic. I dunno what to do with his other hand. Two ha two hands when I'm like really dying. If I feel like I'm dying on stage, I'll throw that other hand on the mic. Just kind of like, oh guys.


But yeah, I, dude, so you did a, you did a bunch of, you were with the campaign with Trump. What was, what was that like talking how, how, how many people were there? Wait, Firstly, congratulations. Congratulations. Yeah. I've never felt better. I've Never felt better. True. Man. You are really Good. There's so many things I could talk about on this. I wasn't with Trump himself as far as, those are like the actual presidential campaign. But there's all these other organizations that do things to campaign. Got you. You won't believe the group I was with. Well, I'd be curious to learn about them. They're called Log Cabin Gay Republicans. Whoa. Did you know that was a thing? Yeah. You're getting gay Republicans fired up. Oh dude. It was the best. They knew what they were doing too. You're a handsome tall man. I can, I was like gay Republicans.


That's a thing. We're growing. you know. Damn Dude. Gay Republicans. And they used to hate black people. They're new. Black people are new to Republican party. Matt, I don't know if you know that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Yeah. But then for a while there, I Don't know if you know, I dunno if you know about his work. What is this idea that Republicans forget about all of our grandparents do. Abraham Lincoln was Republican. Oh. Slavery had nothing to do with racism. It's free work. It's a leverage of power. That's all it is. Money. You go, wait, now I have to pay these fuckers. Look at Amazon right now. They just got a money. Okay. I mean, I hear your logic, but I do think when you go, those guys are all the slaves. It's kind of racist. s like, Yeah. That was like a poverty thing.


Yeah. Guess who sold us? The slaves. Black people. Rich black people. Ah, come on Jeff. I agree with you. Slavery is the perfect way to build an economy. Yes. But like, you know, It's still terrible. We agreed it's bad and got rid of it. It's fucking sad. When are we gonna let these Chinese ones that we got in True. When we let these Chinese children, slaves go. There are, There are a lot of One thing at a time, you know? True. Do we? There is still, there are still a lot of slaves in the world. There's, you know, like I said, if you're out, if you're, you know, if you're getting upset, the some slave, there's a lot of slavery I love That's LeBron. Like LeBron James is like the, the civil rights. He's reading Malcolm X upside down and he's acting like he cares about slavery while he's dripping in Nike.


Yeah. Yeah. You're wearing the slave clothes. But third world countries, it's not slavery, it's just, there's just not enough money. So everyone's a slave by default. Yes. Yeah. Like they would pay those Tax, they'll take the job. They're like 5 cents a day. Yeah, please. There's just no money. So it's like they're just slaves by default. Although some of them are probably honestly slaves. If you're like a factory guy in a third world, you could probably have like a head stash of slaves and just be like, yo, go in there with my paid workers, Dude. Yeah. There's a lot. There's still a lot of slaves. Sex slaves. Well have sex slaves. Yeah. Like we have, we have sex trafficking in our own country. Yeah. Like those are slaves. And that's just a leverage of power. It's I mean. It's big one. It's sad, you know, it's, yeah. We all agree slavery's bad. But when people try to pretend like it only happens to black people, I'm like, grow up, read some Things.


Yeah, that's true. They just, they're the hot potato. They got caught with the hot potato. They're Like the cool slaves. Yeah. They got caught last, last. Yeah. For real. That's like, that's like, yeah. It is totally Devastating. Native Americans had slaves like, like they did, like they did India. Like every place you, I dare you to find me a place that didn't have slaves. Oh, the world. It was a global institution. Yeah, for sure. That was technically we had For less than a hundred years ago. Rid rid of it. It was ended by the British. Yeah. We tried it on. We said, we Said this feels icky. He's claiming I'm Christian. Wait, you said it ended by the British? Yes, It was. It Wasn't ended by the British. Who ended it? Who ended slavery? Who chased other ships down? Slave. Who? Who? Abe dude or boy? No, the British. For real. Like, they went at war, weren't They? The guys just like, they were like, All.


right. We colonized the world now let's save it. Well, the colonization. Yeah. Like, that's a tricky one too. I can't believe we'll get into all this. It's podium. This is the podium. This is the po. Yeah, It's the podium. But yeah, it wa I, I swear to God, the British like, like Mexico stopped slavery, but they didn't like get ships and like chase slave ships around the fucking ocean. Like Britain, like persecuted any, but I also think it could have been like, we're stopping slaves. You can't have them. 'cause they didn't want anyone gaining the fucking, you know, There also might not be anything more diverse than slavery. What do you mean? Well, it's every land. It's every person. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It is a leverage of power. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hardly racial at all. Yeah, Definitely. Yeah. It's crazy to be like, it wasn't a, I can't wait until the Republic starts saying leverage of power next year.


Yeah. I know. I start a whole thing. Yeah. Now I'm gonna know what you mean. Well, what I mean? What I will say is working for the Log Cabin guys. It breaks my liberal friend's brains. Yeah. What do you mean? Because I'm like, oh, I'm working with Log Cabin. Like, what's that? I'm like gay Republicans and they're like, but gay is good, but Republican bad. Like they can't get their mind around it. Why are they called the Log? Cabin? I don't know. Lincoln. Lincoln Logs. Yeah. Maybe Lincoln Logs. Lincoln Logs. Or a bunch of dicks in a cabin. It's the Log Cabin. They're the greatest group of dudes ever. They have best sense of humor and like, I think they're also new Republicans, you know? Yeah. They're like sick of this new shit. Yeah. Yeah. So they're just like gay guys all about their paper. No, no. They're like the bread.


They're all about getting their Bread. They're just like tired of trans people being considered the same community as theirs. Yeah. Like, that's annoying. I Mean, What do you think? That Seems like that seems minuscule. What's that? You think they're they're gay Luddites? Yeah. Like new fangled technology? No, no. They're saying like, why is this guy pretending like he's with us? I think they're just conservative gay. They're like, We're LGBQ. Yeah. That's kind of it. We're not, what's this new T thing? Why is T here? Yeah. Why is T here? What's going on? Yeah, true. I mean, you know, to be fair, they're losing dudes, becoming women. They're probably like as, as a gay block. You're right. This is not All. right? Yeah. Our numbers are dwindling right now.


Yeah. Because it is, it is kind of like, you know, I could see that if you're like an old gay guy, you can get a total revamp. Yeah. You know? Well, if you Get a sex change, you become straight again. That's the rules. Those are kind of the rules. That's the rules. And they go, now I'm a straight go man. This is confusing. Yeah. You gotta take the Log Cabin and be like, boys. I think the trans thing's really smart. Like if You, you're trying to like, you know, the whole dead name rule. Yeah. Like, it's not you. Like if you become a woman and I go, oh, I fucking loved man, I hung out with him in Austin. You better Not say my name. They would go, Hey, don't You, you better not say, Don't you furious dead name me. Right. That's the rule. Yeah. Yeah. But like, you know, Caitlyn Jenner like did some, you know, some crimes, you know, But you talking about the car stuff?


The car Thing. Yeah. But like in court, they could be like Mr. Jenner and they'd be like, that was Bruce baby. That wasn't me. Don't dead name me. I, I think it, once you go to court, they're like, All right. Time out. Let's go to court. They can do that. Yeah. They go time out and then they can just totally just hit you with, you know, they can call you whenever you want. Timeout. Like That time or Yeah. They could be like, can I do timeout? I love This. No. Have that Be Great. Need an official position. Damnit. Or Course. Can I do challenge flags? Like challenge flag. Can we, we, can we go to someone that can call timeout? Potentially. I like that. You, you, you Could do whatever you want right now. We Should adopt timeout and podiums. You're really gonna change the world. I'm telling you. Dude. This is pretty good. It Changed my world. Yeah. So how, so how was, what was the experience? You did like a bunch of just like, so what there, there's like, Trump is like, it's like a, almost like a megachurch.


Like Trump is the main pastor, but a lot of them have satellite churches. Yeah. So you were just ripping at all these things and you did all It I did comedy and just told them what I think about why they should what? Vote for Donald Trump. Yeah. It was awesome. It was so fun. And then at what, at what point do they stuff dollar bills in your pants during Oh yeah. At the end of like, we're all doing poppers upstairs. I'm like, what the Hell? But no, it is, it is moving now. Like Jalapeno popper. Well Do the, the conservative flag has wildly extended now. Yes. Where it's like, now it's, they really don't care what you're up to. If you just at least are like, yeah, we agree with you. They're like, fuck you. Right. That's why it's great. I'm, I'm a 2001 liberal, which is just now Republican. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty much, yeah. That's All it Is. Oh, so you did a de exit? Oh yeah. For sure. So Where, why?


Okay, so in 2001, I didn't Change any of my views And he just became a Republican. But Like now, like, I seem like a crazy person. I was like, I didn't change anything. You guys changed? Yeah. Yeah. Well, did you catch, did you catch flack for that? Because you live in la right? Yeah. I get a lot of flack for it, but I also, I didn't get much flack. People were just like, that's how Jeff thinks. Until I endorsed Trump. That's what was, was over the line for them. Yeah. Yeah. They were fine with me being Republican conservative Jeff. They weren't fine with me being pro-Trump. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like girls don't really care though. All the girls are like closet obsessed with it. White girls love. They like message me. They like, they'll like secretly message me like, Hey, just so you know, I think this is bullshit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's kind of tight. What were you saying? Lamar? White girls Love Trump.


Andrs. Yeah, andrs Andrs. And, and the white girls love Trump. He, A lot of people are kind of coming around to him, dude, to be honest. Yeah. He's the best. Even on cnn I've noticed. They'll be like, he's not the best. This Is the the's. Hilarious. He won already. He's not the best. It's in the Wwe Won Hall of Fame fame. I agree, dude. But that's not a guy. The only guy in the WWE Hall of Fame. I wanted to be my president is Vincent, man. Okay. This man will be the best president, Dude. See, that's, you guys Love wrestling. Guys Love wrestling. You guys love wrestling. Yeah. That's Our thing. That's, That's where you guys bond. It's our thing together. Yeah. Guys Love Wrestling because I know I look like this, but then people go, oh, he likes wrestling. He is actually a fucking Yeah. Makes sense. On a pub thing now he's just big and retarded. No, I love, I love, I, I think it's also one of the newest things that's happened to me is like, like there's a comedy named like Finesse Mitchell.


Yeah. And, and I, you know, great guy. I thought we were friends and we, I was at the er, he was like, you've gotten real political lately. And I was like, what? And he is like, you really like, people keep accusing me of like, oh, you're really chosen, Elaine. Oh, you've really? Yeah. Oh, you, oh, you're pandering. It's like, no, it's, this is what I think. Yeah. Why, Why does it have to be pandering? Yeah, That's a fair point. Because a lot of people, a lot of comedians were like, you know, hitting theirselves with all kinds of like, you know, all the Facebook trends or you know, Instagram of like, I'm gonna put my profile, this, that, and this. Yeah. Everyone was doing shit. But yeah, I did Comedy in Seattle, Washington. That's where I'm from. And every show, every open mic, every showcase was like, Jesus sucks anti-religion.


Fuck George W. Bush, you know, abortion. This, abortion that I didn't once go, wow, you guys are really leaning into this whole Democrat bullshit. Yeah. I didn't Once accuse them of grifting or anything, but then I say a thing and they go, oh look, he's trying to get that Republican coin. It's like, no, no, these are just how I feel. My thing too is like, dude, it's also I'm in a, I I just look at it like a small business owner. It's like, bro, I run a small business. I'll go get whoever's fucking money I want to. Like, you're gonna be like, you're really making that money. It's like, yo, okay dude. Yeah. Good. You wrote SL for you. That's my plan. Shut up this. But in my mind, it's like, you follow Tracy, we're gonna make the money either way. Yeah. Right. I but no, but I'm thinking the accusation is insane to me.


you know, like I, when I was like saying nice things about Barack Obama, all I got was little pats on the bottom. Like, good job, Jeff. The Job Jeff was, you were then kind of, that was like the accepted view of The Yeah. Space. I wasn't pandering to them, but now that I, I'm endorsing a guy that's like, like, doesn't think we should cut our kids' dicks off. Like, everyone thinks I'm nuts. Yeah. That's apparently that's coming to end. Or prisoners, huh? Or prisoners. We could Hack a couple of those guys down a little bit. Don't hack 'em the way they like Yeah. Come in half. Yeah. Dude. I, I think it is kind of, I don't know. I, I feel like I just feel like it. I don't know. You shouldn't really worry too much about anyone else's doing. Yeah. It's comedy. It's Like, it's like, dude, what is doing the job? If you get paid for it? God Bless. You.


This is awesome. you know, make your money. you know, people are like, just fucking bullshit. I I, I, you know, But you were right though. 'cause everyone was like wildly political being like, fuck this, fuck that. The whole, the late night itself was just, every show was like fucking Yeah. You're only allowed to be political if you're left. Yeah. And like then if you're a little bit Right, you better be real. you know, you better be careful over there. Yeah. And they're like, why? I'm just gonna say what I think we're comics. Who gives a shit? Yeah. Yeah. I'm all about getting that bread anyway, dude. Yeah. So I was like, you're paying her. It's like, bro, I'm getting that bread. Well, like, I'm not bread getting the bread from like, I, when I do Greg Gutfeld on Fox News, I get $0. They pay me nothing. They put me up in a hotel. And Does it change the ticket sales though?


You telling, you're telling me the biggest show Night. Oh yeah. No show night. I get people to come to my show. Yeah, for sure. So I. guess there is a way to make money of that on that backend. For sure. Yeah, For sure. And that, does it change the demo or are you getting like's? Dude, you getting geez up there. I get some old, well, that's, Fuck it, dude. That's the point. Absolutely. And also, like, He's the king of late night Gutfeld iss the king of late night, by the way, when I used to give Gas money though. Huh? He can't give gas money though. Gutfeld knows. He's The king. He's point Gutfeld. Money's the king of late night free. He can't gimme gas money, bro. That is fucked up. They don't give you a dollar. That's crazy. But That's An L page, like $5,000 to the host. Well, like podcasts are free. True. Yeah. Joe Rogan's the biggest show in the world. I've never been paid to be on Joe Rogan. Yeah. But it's worth it.


You ever I wanna Be on it. You ever asked him, Asked him to pay me? Yeah. Like, Hey Joe, wait dude, it's cool and all I get 2,500 bucks when Joe, that'd be amazing. Hey Joe, my time's kind of valuable, valuable, man. I wouldn't mind you get a little siphon here. You matter how you make a lot of money. That would be so Just send a Venmo request. Just be like, Hey man, I did your whole show. That was a few hours. I'll do a million dollars. But no. Yeah, nobody, it makes perfect sense. Yeah. It's just worth it. You do the things you want to Do, You, Know. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. When Joe like replies to a text from me, I'm like, holy shit. This like, it's like what? Like if we had phones when we were in fifth grade, have you, have you considered like Ambers shoemaker replied? I'd be like, what the fuck?


There's a girl on the, like, I literally am like that when Joe replies, I'm like, holy shit. Yeah. He holds a really unique position. And just like, especially I would, I would say popular consciousness, but for dudes in general. A lot of dudes, I've talked to other people about this. People have like a part of your brain that like, while you're showering, like it just goes into a mode where it's like, well Joe, let me tell you about this. And you start like asking What you would say. Oh yeah, Joe Rogan, everything. Every dude goes, so if he text you, you're like, Well, 'cause you're so cool too. Like, I've never, like, I, I don't know Many people that are cool's a like, Apollo descending upon you and you're like, holy shit dude. Yeah. More like Xerxes. You think? Xerxes Definitely. That's why Austin's got a little too comfy with Joe. They'll be up in that grain room and I'm like, are you guys not fucking Joe Rogan's here.


Tighten up. I still get kind of real, I I get a little shuttered. I'm, He's awesome. Yeah. It makes me happy, man. He's Jack, dude. He's getting more every time I think I've gotten a little jacked. I see him like a month later. I'm like, fuck. He turning at him To the actual thing from, huh? He's turning it to the thing from Fantastic Four. Just a man made of bricks. You touch him, go. What the hell? But it is, he is a for sure like an absolute power broker. And it's like, it is tough to like, yeah. Not let that sway your interaction. 'cause you're like, dude, Did you play sports growing up? Yeah. Yeah. Played. Do you remember being like basketball and rugby? Oh, real sports. Fuck. Played football when I First freshman year. That wasn't for basketball. That was for rugby. That was real rugby's pretty serious. No, like on my baseball team.


Like, there'd be like an older boy, you know, like I'm on the, you know, and then there'd be like a cool older guy. Like, that's how I feel when I see Joe. Like, if I say something stupid, I'm like, fuck, dude. Just said a stupid thing. Yeah. Like, like he was showing me his compound, you know? And he was like, this is the cold plunge. And then this is the, and then he is like, and this is where I shoot my arrows or whatever the fuck it was. And so then I was like, I was like, oh, cool. And I, I said something stupid about the elk or whatever that was up there. And he looked at me like, like it was a question he'd never heard before. And then I was just like, I beat myself up about it for like the next two minutes. Don't ask stupid Shit about the arrows. Yeah. Actually, I, I saw the archery range. I sat in front of the bullseye and let him shoot an apple off my head.


No, I'm kidding. That's a man. No, I didn't do that. That'd be sick though. I was like, you didn't film that I mean I'd only have stupid questions for Joe Rogan. Yeah. Like I don't Think lemairelee. You, you got some, you're cooking with a lot of 'em, man. What? And they're good. I think they're good though. Every now and again, just dumb questions that, What would be the first question you'd ask Joe Rogan? What would be the, if it was like, Hey Joe. Yeah, you said you'd ask, you had a lot of dumb ones. What's, what would be like a Thanks for having me. May I have a job? No. Yeah. He'd be like, oh yeah, no All. right. What, What did, what did you ask? What did you ask those NFL players at one time? Oh, I can't remember. I think it was Stefan Diggs. And I asked him because I, I didn't realize they're younger than me.


I was, yeah. 30. And That is kind weird. That is kind of weird. And I was That's a crippling feeling. Yeah. It Sucks. I. just, I was like, what do you watch on YouTube? That's a good question actually. That's A good question. Do you think they were honest? Oh, I also said, outside of being black, what else do you think we have in common? That was the first question. That's A good icebreaker. That was the first Question. Yeah. That's funny. That's Usually my go-to, yeah. Besides being black, what do we, that's interesting. Yeah. The, the athletes being our age. I always wondered if it was, 'cause I think there's nothing cooler to me than a baseball player. Yeah. Or like, like, like the idea of Griffey, like to me is like, that's God. Like Yeah, it went griffey then God, then my dad, like it was Griffey's number one.


Yeah. So You're a big baseball guy. Yeah. But. you, did you play, what'd you play baseball? Until Just high school. Okay. Sick. Yeah. I wasn't great. But what was your, What was your position from high school? Baseball is pretty serious, I Think. George, stop. Yeah, I played George. Stop. That's awesome. Yeah. It's fun. But like when you, when you go, they're gonna be young now. Yeah, yeah. And jacked. There's like people a decade younger than me then could just beat the fuck out of me. Shit. It's kind of shitty. Well, If I have a gun, dude. True. If you have a gun, Yeah. I would fuck Aaron judge up with my gun, dude. Yeah, True. But it's like, yeah, but still, if you hesitate for one second, if he closes the distance, that's true. If he closes the dis the distance, Get him while he was sleeping. Like McNair, you know what I mean? Just start proactively killing all the young athletes.


One thing's cool about being older than them though is, you know, at least if you're, if, if you're in our world of comedy, comedy's kinda become cool now, which was not the case for a long time. You could just DM them and they'll be like, holy shit dude. Like, I love your stuff. And they'll like give you take like that's a better part about being older than them For sure is like, now I'm not the boy asking for the autograph. I'm, they think I'm cool. Yeah. Which is, that's a nice switch. What's Up kid? Yeah. Where you at? You awake? I'm gonna come through. Where the hell you at? Yeah, it is nice though. It, it's, I get blown away when people are like, Hey. I'm like, what the fuck? Hey, what's going on man? I got a good JD Martinez story. Yeah, Do. You Know. Who that is still plays, I think he's one of the most, I think at this point he's probably with one of the older guys in baseball.


Played for the Braves? No, he played for the Boston Red Sox. I think he's on the Dodgers now. Gotcha. I. just Wonder. Gotcha. So he's been playing for a long time. Handsome guy. Really, really good looking guy. And he's cool. Baseball players are sleepers, bro. A lot of baseball players are pretty, han a lot of hunks out there on the baseball field. Yeah. He's a, he's a good looking fella. And so this girl goes, you're gonna Boston? I said, yeah, I'm playing this comedy club. She goes, you wanna go to Fenway? I was like, I love Fenway. I'd love, it's hard to get tickets, but I've been before. But I, I'd take you up on that. She worked at William Morris and so she was like, she's like, I left me tickets. I go to the box office, I do the whole thing. When I sit in the seats, they're, they're good seats. And then it says at the top, $0 comped, you know. And then it said JD Martinez. Oh. I was like, I wonder if that's like related. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, that's weird. Yeah.


So then I DMed JD Martinez on Instagram while we're sitting there. I go, Hey dude, thanks for the tickets. This is rad. you know, I've been a fan of you for a long time or whatever. And I just showed a photo of the thing. I don't remember what he said, but it was something nice and flattering about my comedy. And then he was like, hang out after the game. I'll come say, what's up? He was texting You during the game? It was Before. Oh it was Crazy. He just got off. I was like, fuck. Lemme check my Instagram. I'm like an 8-year-old. I'll get to the game two hours early, Have 75 beers. So I guess so after, so then after the game I'm like, this is pretty cool. And we're just hanging out with all these skanks. It's like me, my friend Maddie Chim who's a comic and then just a bunch of girls who are like banging the players or whatever and they're trying to get everyone outta there. I'm like, All. right. Got a DM to stay. Yep.


So then they're, you're at the front of the Nets and Jimmy Mark. And it's funny, some guy with the clipboard is like, who's fucking this guy? Why are he Kanye years? Why is he, why fucking this guy? It's more like that in N NBA A games after the NBA games. There's tons of horse. Like it's amazing. It's kind of a Cool life though. It'd be like a professional sports group and just dude, it's kind of nice. Yeah. You don't pay for anything to do Anything. There's lined up like Uber's at the airport. Not a good shelf life though. Yeah, yeah. True, true, true. There's a new one that just got, wasn't it Brittany? Er, she got worn out by a bunch of NBA players and now she's pouring crying online. She's in hijab. Wait, This is, we've got a separate that it isn't Brittany Griner? No, Brittany Reiner. Oh, okay. Good.


I was gonna say holy shit. That would be breaking news. Lady was in Russia. Famously lesbian. Allegedly trans Britney Griner has been banging all out. She's just intersex. No. Yeah. So wait no's about the JD Martinez. This is the end of the story. So we're at the Nets and I, he goes, you know, he's like, oh man, it's nice to meet you. Is nice to meet you. We're talking through other night and he's like, he's like, how Do You Know. you know I'm gonna use a fake name. How Do You Know Christine. And I was like, oh she's the best dude. Yeah. She just set me up with these and then we kind of looked at each other like, oh, Like we're Both fucking this Shit Chimo Bros. You guys are Eskimo bros. It was amazing. But he was cool that I was, we were like, oh my God. Like it was, 'cause she is a cool chick.


She's not trying to be our girlfriend and for sure we're, you know, I love how You say our girlfriend. Yeah, well she's not, she's Not in her mind going, I'm with Jeff. Dye or JD Martinez for sure. Yeah. And we're not going, oh she's our girlfriend. you know, it's just two grownups, you know. You think that was kind of a Machiavellian kind of ploy on her part to be like, I got you. Maybe introduced you like a flex. Yeah. Like bro, don't get comfortable man. Yeah, that is True. I get, I'm getting exquisite pipe dude. Don't get it. Or trying to make us jealous of each other. So we step up our commitment game. Dude, Who else do you think is on that list For this chick? Could be anybody. Yeah, true. She worked at William Morris and she was like an 11. Like she was so beautiful. Really nice. What's William Morris? What is that? I Think it's an agency. Yeah. Oh, Okay. Gotcha, gotcha. Okay. So she, oh wow.


Yeah, the Guys who for a second I thought it was like a law firm. I was like, I think it's an agency. I was Think it's one of the big five accounting firms. I was like William Horse Endeavor. Yeah, it sounded like it. They own WWE and UFC. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. I knew they were big 'cause they don't rep me. That's how I was like, must be something good. you know. Think she hooked you up with the tickets? Yeah, It was pretty cool. It was cool of him and cool her. The whole story is positive but it was was a very funny like modern story, you know? Yeah. That is kind of nuts to slowly be like it's All lu. Ah Motherfucker. Yeah. It's like, it wasn't like some gross guy that I think sucks or something. It was just like, oh it's GD Martinez and he is going this comedian guy that I know. you know? Were you rapping it up? Not to ask too much details. Are you going raw dogging it? Like I. just wanna know how close your guys' kinship is.


Oh Yeah. I don't, I don't wrap it up. Okay, cool. It's not my style. I thought you were about to say I don't go raw. I was like, No, no, no, no, no. Okay, cool. The opposite. So you guys are real links. That's what's up. That's awesome. Forever For life. That's, that's awesome. Dude, you Look like you wear exclusively red condoms. Yeah, condoms are crazy. Dude, I Can't, I don't do it. Any adults who use them, I'm kind of like, it's ridiculous. The fuck. I do think it is weird. We just started giving them to kids like a, I was like the early nineties. I like just looked into the condom program recently because I was trying to like get to the bottom of like, just like where the party especially like the left just went like kinda like a little weird and it's like whatever. It was like a response apparently to the AIDS HIV thing. Yeah. So I was trying to figure out like where, when like at what point did like, you know, go from like Bill Clinton to like it is now.


And I didn't, I didn't, I can't answer that question. I just got distracted on the school condom program. I'm like, oh yeah dude, that was condom Programs are strange. Yeah. Similar to the homeless thing where they're like, give 'em clean needles. I worked at this homeless shelter in Seattle. We would give them like clean needles to go do drugs with. Yeah, you'd hook 'em up. And I'm like, and they were like, they're gonna find them anyway. So just, I was like, I don't think this is a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Just providing them all the shit. Like, it seems strange dude Diligence. Well dude, apparently they said, I, I read a book about, it's called Chasing the Scream by I, I forget the guy's name. But he, what he said worked is when you do not just the needles, but they have to go to a center and you also give them the clean tested heroin and it takes away all of the other like thrilling aspects where it's like, I gotta buy heroin, I gotta do this.


So You are like, You are like, here's free heroin. It's, you know, it's almost a prescription. It's like such a little amount. You mass produce it and then while they're doing it you're like, so how's this working out for you? And it's like, it takes away all like the Stuff Matt, I've been around the neighborhood. It's not working. Well they, But they have to don't, The program sucks dude. To, it's more homeless than ever. They don't do, they don't do it here. Oh, okay. They did it and I think London before and it actually curbed heroin use. Oh God, I wish they'd do it. Giving Just needles is kind of like, yeah, it's like Lazy. Yeah. It's like it's whatever. But it's like if you, if you legalize a heroin, it takes away from the black market sales. Yeah. And then you have them in a center and he's like, they've done studies that works real to reduce the number of A overdoses by far.


And b, people just, they stop 'cause they're Like, dude I'm so insensitive about the homeless situation. Just get like, I used to be like, I worked at a homeless shelter. Like I can't, and then like after 7,000 interactions with homeless people a day in Los Angeles, you just lose all your Sympathy for I, I could never do it. I knew somebody who was working with homeless people and I was like, how that would be because there's no, it'd be like, you know, the progress would be few and far between. It's like, it's Exhausting. Like you see like, like I think when I make fun of the homeless on the internet or like in my active around these towns, they're picturing some lovable boxcar hobo with like a bindle stick and the, and you know they think that that's what I They go leave him alone Jeff. No, it is go to la go to downtown LA Yeah.


For a just a morning walk around you'll go. Oh, I get it. Yeah. These people, there's A lot. Yeah. Nobody that, that's another One. Yeah. They need to die for sure. This is a, yeah, it's, well it's one of those things You are like, nobody is like, oh sweet. Yeah. And you see it and you're like, oh that sucks. Fuck dude. This is such a bummer. There's no way to like differentiate either between like the people who are choosing to be there, the people who have to be there and then like the people not have to but like, and the people who like are like crazy. There's no like Right. The ill or the drug addicted or Yeah. A hundred percent Just become one big circle of people. Yeah. At a certain point it doesn't matter. you know what I mean? Yeah. No one's sifting through 'em. Like I'll take those guys for today. For me you're just, you're seeing, you're like, ah. There are people I've seen who are hanging, they're like homeless adjacent where I'm like, you're definitely not homeless but these are like kind of your bros and you're slowly I think becoming homeless.


Yeah. So there is like a pajama pants face everyone goes through where you're kind of like just leaving your house and hanging with homeless people before you get totally sucked into it. What's The show me? Your friends saying What? You know something about like a, if You are hanging Five Oh you follow? Yeah. You are the five people you hang around most. Yeah. I hate that saying because then it just makes my loser friends get nervous. you know, Jeff's gonna leave us soon, you know. Yeah. And I wanna let 'em know I won't. I love you boys. I got your back. Yeah, I do. That is kind of a weird rule. Be like You are the five people you hang out with the most. Yeah. It's like, oh I'm not, what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. We gotta tell my buddy Aaron like, you're out dude. Yeah. I hang.


Why? Also I hang around not succeeding enough room bro. Bro. Hang around two toddlers constantly. It's like, that's bullshit dude. You Are the Yeah, they do kind of open up your eyes to some sweet shit though. Yeah. We found our like sprinkler system went off and made like a little river and we got to like I just watched them play in that thing. I'm like, this seems kind of cool. Yeah. The kids are good that way. They're kind of cool to like Yeah, she's like, the water's like it was going to like a crack in the sidewalk and she was just like, this is a river. Yeah. It's not a fucking river. But I'm like I guess. See why you're kind Of obsess. But. you wouldn't have cared at all about that? No. Like the wonderment of a child is like the, 'cause I used to go to Disneyland drunk all the time with all my buddies And it rules. It rules, Dude. You're Strong. Recommend it is. But then my buddy once goes, oh my family's my nieces and nephews.


They want to go to Disneyland. I was gonna take 'em. Do you wanna come with us? So I just kind of like came with them. Totally different experience. Yeah, it's, and it was awesome. I was like, oh my God. They like, you know, like tease the kids and like make jokes and they think I'm cool 'cause I'm an older guy or whatever. Yeah. Like I was like, oh this is like a really wholesome version of what I've been doing. Yeah. It's better. So when you get hammered at Disneyland, are you like, are you trying to like pick up babes or like Nah, I just having a good time. Just Chilling. Okay. So I'm just curious what's, It's kind of exciting to sneak the booze in, you know, Don't they serve it in there? Well no. You have to go to like California adventure or go to this one club that's called Club 33 that you have to be like the Pope to get into. So I'm not, I'm not getting into club 33. Damn Disney World. They let it fly. You can get Oh really hammered at Disney World. That's great. Disney, it's in Florida.


Yeah. That's great. Disney World. Alcohol is abundant. You can just get Oh really Shit faced. Disneyland doesn't do that. You go to dinner and you can just, I didn't know that It's part of the Rebellion. True. Sneaking it in West coast either. That's how the fuck did you get it in? Well we would like take these plastic flask that would, you know, whatever. Got you. Or the wor the way that doesn't work. Don't do this. We took like half Gatorade. Yeah. Like just dumped out half and then filled the rest with like vodka or tequila For sure. They've seen that a million times. I guess. 'cause they've, they've caught us before we even got to like the thing. They're like, that's alcohol. We're like Shit. Yeah. Fuck yeah dude. I will say having bringing little kids to Disney World is one of the most tiring for sure. It's, it's, they like, there it is like an internet joke of like training for Disney World with kids.


'cause like you have to like carry them. Yeah. You will end up walking like six miles or just getting blazed in the sun. But it's, there's No fat people at Disney. Dude. You should have Disney World. There are plenty of people. Oh really? Oh Yeah. Not at our Disney. Disneyland Was walking Beautiful. You're just gonna walk For eight hours. Disneyland's beautiful. And it's in California too, but like you hit Disney World in Florida. There are fats Bro. Sounds like it's right up my alley Then. Many fats, Fat people. You can be hammered there. Yeah. You mean hammered? You can be as fat as you want. Yes you can. You can not move a muscle all day. You can get hammered on a mobility chair. Oh, I didn't even think about the mobility chairs. You ride it, you can ride your mobility chair right to a little boat and it ferries you across into the under like literally the magic kingdom. Interesting. Yeah. There was plenty of fats walking around there. Yeah, I was actually, there was as I was, I wanted to ask like, because some of the rides, I'm like, dude, if you're like too big to fit on this, like what the fuck do they do?


And like how do you, because there's, you could be waiting for like an hour. Yeah. To get there and be like, Also by the way, it's amazing you brought this up. Get rid of these In front of everyone. Practice seats where they bring a big person over. They go you fatso. Hey come here. We sit in this to make sure you're gonna, they treat 'em like luggage at the airport. When do they do that? They'll give 'em like a practice chair where they'll put the thing in and if the person doesn't fit in it, that means they won't make it on the ride. So. that they don't want them to have to wait in the line or get disappointed when they get to the front. So they have like this kind of like example chair. Like, you know, kinda like the are you tall enough? Enough line enough? They do fat enough with an actual chair. Enough. Are you too fat for This fight? I saw this young man in there and I was mortified for 'em 'cause they were like trying to pull the thing down and these like, you know, teenagers that work there like, yeah, I think you're too big.


And I was just going all shit. Why didn't they make the seats bigger for the Harry Potter ride? A lot of fat people love Harry Potter. I couldn't believe how Well they, they they have they, did He try to suck in and did they push, what's that? The sucking in push. Oh he was doing everything. That's, and he was also mortified. 'cause we're just all wait in line going, look at that fat kid over there. He can't ride. He's too fat. Also, aren't there fat characters in Harry Potter like that? Yeah. Yeah. They should. If you're too fat for the, if you're a kid, you're too fat for the ride. They should just make you like go get a job. You gotta like leave school. You're done school. You're not a child anymore. You should like join the army. They should be like All. right. You're in the army now. Yeah. Haggard wouldn't even be able to ride the ride his own ride, Dude. They gotta do something man. you know they gotta they gotta cut it somewhere.


I guess it's like, dude, I, I fly every now and again. I'll fly Southwest if I can't get a direct flight and I try to pay the extra So, I can get in that first seat. So, I can sit in the very front. Dude, you know, Matt's doing well. He's like, I used to fly south. Sometimes I'll fly Southwest. Sometimes I will So I know. But like the fact that you framed it like that. I love you dude. Sometimes I will. I prefer American. He's like, sometimes I don't like to admit this dude sometimes I'm on Southwest. I do, I'm a man of means. It is weird that I'm, every now and again flying. But if you get that front seat, it's so good. Yeah. So, I'm like All. right. I pay the extra bucks. So, I can be, you know, a one through three and I'm, I'm gonna get the front seat and then like every now and again I'll like be watching like All. right. You're in a wheelchair obviously. Like I'm not saying anything you then it'll just be like a fat guy will get ahead of me.


I know. On medical pre-board and I just wanna be like, dude, Dude drives me crazy. There's Nothing wrong with you dude. You're just fat. You better not take that front seat. Yeah. Because I, and I know you will 'cause you're fat and you'll definitely want the extra space. Yes. And they, they fuck me out of the front seat and I'm always like, Motherfucker also you're being very conservative saying that it's like a fat guy and then like a guy in a wheelchair, they'll say, does anyone need any extra time boarding? That's a very vague question. Yeah. That's kind of bullshit. So now it's just two parents with like three kids. You got a, you know a guy that's got like a lamp or something and then there's like a deaf lady. You're like, she's all these handicapped people are always gone. We're just like everyone else. We can do anything. You can do. Yeah. Then what's with the special treatment, early boarding bullshit. Dude, if you, here's the thing. If you have a family, I can see that you gotta, you have strollers, all this shit, if you're in a wheelchair, whatever you gotta do go down there.


If you're like an old person with a cane, for sure. Every now and again I'll just see like, and I'm not trying to be a dick, it'll just be a fat loser. Right. You'll be like a guy who's like standing there in a monster energy shirt and I'm like, bro, you get the fuck outta here. You Also don't worry about sounding like a dick. I'm gonna better take it to a next level. Fuck all of them. You're just like us. You don't get to get on there early. Everyone's taking their time. You, you can go B 56 just 'cause your legs don't work. I have to let you board first. Yeah. Why does it matter? I don't know. They're not like gusto. Jeff. What them I know it's bullshit. It dude. Again, if you're, if you're Main, oh I'm missing an arm. I have to be on the plane before you. Who gives a shit? Yeah. Yeah. That yeah. That's dumb.


I'll give, I Get like I'll give missing arms. You go right ahead. I'll give everyone that. There's just dudes who are just like that medical pre-board. I'm like, where dude, show me your ailment. cause you call of duty. Yeah. I got a fucking three dude if I base that front seat. I just A big fat guy. I was like, I got the sugar. I have like Yeah, but that's a slow one. That takes a long time. Yeah. I saw, I saw this guy recently and I was trying, I always try to figure out like, what's your medical condition? Right? Oh yeah. Unfortunately was like, damn, that guy's just such a loser. He I know. When Also have you seen this happen? It sounds mean. It sounds mean. But. you got a medical grade, the doctor's like, dude You are fucking dude. That's the diagnosis. It's over for you. It's like, just get on the plane man. Enjoy the little, Have you ever had this happen?


They do the pre-board. Right? Or they'll do the thing they need extra time. Right. There's some sort of, they need more time on the airplane. They're really just hog in the overhead space. And, but anyways, so they'll get on, but then they'll sit in the exit row. I'm sorry, I thought that you were some sort of handicapped person. Yeah. But now, now you're gonna assist in an emergency. You're gonna leave the charge. Yeah. Trill. So That's, that's conflicting. Yeah. I didn't even know they did that. That's 'cause usually they ask you like, are you okay? Oh yeah, Southwest is Whatever. They're trying to get that exit row. Did you ever save a seat on Southwest for somebody when the plane comes on? No, but recently yelled at a guy for doing it and then turns out he was telling the truth. What was the truth? I Said, Hey, can I sit there? 'cause there's like very few seats left. Yeah. I'm one of the last on the plane. He's like, hell no. He goes, Well I'm, oh no.


I said, Hey, do you mind if I sit there? He goes, yes. Instead of just saying whatever So. that kind of caught me off. Oh Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And then he goes, I was like, okay. And he's like, I'm saving it for my wife. And then I was like, I'm the last on the plane. So I'm like looking around like, this guy's full of shit. So, I find like just another one. 'cause there's like four seats on the whole plane available. And I'm sitting there fuming like, fuck this guy. Yeah. Yeah. He was, his wife was like in the bathroom or something. She came out and I was like, oh, he was right. Yes. That is crazy. Not just to be like, yeah, my wife's in the bathroom. So He was kind of chippy about it. Yes. Yeah. I didn't like that. Something kind of welled up at me like don fucking, he was waiting all day To tell Somebody that. Oh yeah. I like, oh, I'm gonna Get somebody. He chirped at me for sure. I get, I get spazzed out when people hog up the overhead when I, they'll let just put it in and just walk.


I'm just kinda like, that's exactly where I'm sitting and you're taking up. It Drives me crazy. That'll, that'll chap my ass. But yeah, I've been trying to chill in planes though. I You can, there's so many battles. Yes. Like with, with like lining up, it's like you try to line up. Someone comes from this way or you're Yeah, You go, it's a line. I know there's so many little How they're pretend to not understand lines. Yeah. Or people just do the masses. Like it'll get, like it'll get people and it'll just be like, people hit the horizontal line and then it'll just become a crowd. Yeah. And then it's like, well I don't wanna be like, excuse me. And like edging in. And then four, If you know your boarding group six, why are you in the fucking way while people are trying to board 1, 2, 3, 4, and five? 'cause you wanna both. Six is life or death. 'cause then you wanna be, you wanna be the very first person in six 'cause only one of you is gonna get overhead space.


Yeah. So that's where the battle comes in. But yeah, it's just, it comes, turns into a cluster fight. They're like first class and, and then literally there's people just standing there just waiting. And You are like, can you move a little, make a lane for the make a lane. Yeah. That's annoying. Well I think my biggest battle on airplanes is the flight attendants. That's who my battle's with. They're mean now. They've gotten so mean. Dude. They Is the, why are you angry with us. I don't know. They've gotten, I, I was on there recently and my wife, like in the morning on a morning flight, snapped her nail on accident, like fucked it up. And she just asked, the lady was busy doing stuff. She said, Hey, when you get a minute, can I get a bandaid? Like, sure, no rush, blah, blah, blah. And the lady's like, I'll have to go to the back. And she was like, whatever you Need. Okay. Like, you know, like, take your time.


No rush. you know, get the plane seated. We don't, this, this isn't like bleeding or anything. And the lady was just like, heavy sigh does her thing. And then after the plane was all seated, I was like, yo, can I get that bandaid please? Very nicely. Where the fuck's our bandaid, dude? She literally went Ah, And then walked to the back to get the bandaid. And I was like, whoa, dude. What was all that about? It Makes no sense. Oh fuck. I've heard They don't get paid until the break gets released and the plane moves backwards. Yeah. But I don't give a shit when they get paid. I think that's terrible, Dude. They Suck. Why don't they get Paid until they think they're plane police? Yeah. Some of them are nasty. Especially during covid. That was Of tough. Drives Me crazy. That was tough. That was annoying. Now, now that like, covid is not happening and they're not like, like not letting you get that like, breath of fresh air through your nose.


Yeah. I'm like, whatever. I'm putting it all behind us. Don't Like yell. I'll put like, I'll check, you know, for the overhead space, I'll open the thing and she'll be like, if it's closed, it means it's fall. And I was like, I see people mindlessly close these things all the time, And that's not true. There's often a lot of space about, Yeah. Sometimes I'll put mine in and just close to see if it closes, I'll leave it closed and there's two extra, you know? Yeah. They don't need to do that. I don't understand. I I guess they're like repeating the same scenario over and over, but they still don't have to. Like, I don't understand why like T s a does that. Yeah. I'd be like, it's not, it's like, dude, you don't have to yell. I'm right here. Right. You don't have to yell at me. I, I, I, I don't know the rules. It, they change every time. It's Yeah. It's like a disease of like, if it's obvious to you, you think everyone should know it. Yeah. you know, it's like not everyone flies every day.


True. you know, some old lady's like, do I need to take my iPad out? And they're like, everybody electronics come out. You're Like, geez, why? Just, why are you mad at her? I know she doesn't fly that often. Do they do best? But I'm telling you, it's because they, when you're a flight attendant, you have to wake up and you're in like a queue. It's like you, you just have to wake up. You're in a queue. Why don't you then, then you just stand at the airport till your number gets called and then you go work. It's like Uber. Yeah. So you wake up and you're just like, chilling. And then they're like, bam. We, and I think if you have like seniority, they'll call you like, you know, you're going in, but there's a lot of them who are like, just like, ah, I don't know if I'm gonna get to work today. Bam. They pull your number and you're, you're like rushing to the flight. You're getting there, there gotta do all this shit. And then it's, if it gets delayed at all.


Yeah. You're just standing there for 45 minutes on the runway. Yeah. And like, if it doesn't like back up as soon as a, a door closes and they release that break. Yeah. Then your clock starts. You getting paid. Here's the thing that would piss me off. Here's if I was at work and then I had to do all that shit and that didn't get paid. Everyone who didn't sit down, I'd be like, well, you sit the fuck down. Yeah. But here's thing, Matt, here's the thing. Being criminals are difficult to deal with, but I won't tolerate a, a fucking grumpy, shitty bad cop. And, and kids are a lot, but that doesn't mean teachers get to be mean to the kids. That's true. And yeah. Oh, it must be real hard to be a, a gay guy or a hot chick. That's a flight attendant. But, you still gotta do the job. True that. This is very true.


You're totally right. But in terms of hot chicks and gay guys I, guess it's gotta be devastating to be a hot chick with annoy an annoying job. Oh yeah. Has to suck. Well, they Don't understand it. They shouldn't have to. They Go, what is this? That's technical. I'm hot. The best hot chick job. 'cause they can fly anywhere for free. Yeah. Yeah. But dude, it ages a man. Yeah. It's so hot that they're in the sky, but it fucks you up if you fly that much. It's Yeah. It's going to fucking drain your life force. Oh, it's, Yeah. 'cause you're time traveling. Yeah, pretty much. You're up high. It's fucking with your blood circulation. Yeah. And you Definitely gotta, you're all gassy. You're just looking. They're just looking for a husband. You Definitely gotta suck the pilots Too. Do you guys fart a lot when you fly? Well, no. Recently I made the switch. Yes. To answer your question, yes, I fart. Unbelievable. Unbelievable.


To the point now where like, and again, if I'm flying with my wife, she'll be like, did you just fart? And I'm, I'm trying to have a conversation where I'm like, well, you shut the fuck Up. Yeah. You just said that loud, Honey. Yeah. I'm like, even like, to me, I'm like, look, don't worry about that. You grab Her arm. What's the fuck? So now I take shits on the plane. Oh, nice. If I'm farting I, just go and I just take a dump on the plane. I think it's the right thing to do because I'm not like a gassy guy. Oh, I am. But when I'm flying, You start to fart A lot of farts. It's, and I'm like, sot embarrassed. I'm doing the blow thing. Like, And a boner. It's a bone. I have a boner And you're farting the entire time. Yeah. A lot of bon and a lot of farting. But if I catch myself, if I do more than like, well, you know, if I have like one or two farts, whatever. But if I catch myself, like repeating it every like 10 minutes and I'm like, I'll just get up and take a shit. And it like, it's kind of harrowing to like go in there and sit down.


There's like a lady on like the other side of the wall I know's just puffing and puffing over coffee cups. And you're sitting there like, It is weird shitting Next to her. I like that little bathroom though, on the airplane. Dude. I've gotten used to shitting in him and it's kind of, I kind of like him, honestly. It's cozy. It's cozy. You're boxed in, you know what you're doing. You're, it's just all business You are in and out. You're Taking jacket. The pee's a little hard for me. I'm six five. So when I pee the wall's going like this, you know, I gotta do like a strange Limbo piss. That's, I can't imagine. 'cause I'm, I'm only like five 10. I'm in a bath. I'm in those airplane bathrooms. I feel like fucking Alice Wonderland. Oh, oh Gosh. I was like my cousin. I have a lot of cousins who are your height, like 6 5, 6 6. And I'm like, how the fuck do they even enter? I feel like Slender man. Because you know, the, the middle of the door is like a fold So that open the door will open my knees are right on that thing.


And I'm like, oh, this will be a worst nightmare. Oh, shitting might be impossible for you. You might not be able to shit in there. I've shit in there. But it is like, it'd be like my worst nightmare if that just pops open and people waiting. They're like, ah, I just So I walked in on somebody one time. They didn't lock the door. Ah. I walked in on a, a young, young lady who I believe had just gotten her period. Oh no. And I walked in and she went, ah. And I just slammed it shut. And I, the flight attendant grilled me like, you fucking pervert. And I had to be like, dude, I just opened the door. Yeah. It, It's not my fault. It's hot. I just, So I just opened the fucking door. And then she was like, she came to her senses and was like, yeah, actually that's, it's kind of on her. And it was, it was a big deal, bro. She left a fucking glob of toilet paper. Oh, that's what, you know.


Oh. I had to come out. So I followed her up and I had to come out and be like, Someone's got a tail. That wasn't me by the way. Yeah. I'd be like, yo, I didn't do that. There's a bit of a situation over there. And it was like a big deal. And like another girl made a big stink about it. And like, dude, it was, I felt bad for a little girl. 'cause another girl came out after me and was like, Ew, someone got their period in the bath. And I was just sitting there like, holy fuck dude. That sucks. That's Rude. That Was rude. But she was a young girl. You got your Period in the bathroom, man. Yeah. Someone just got her period in there and it Was like, oh, that'd be hilarious if they're like, Matt had his period in there. True. I Didn't throw it. I didn't No fucking, I could have like Emory. It could've like a popped hemi. I I didn't wanna get like the, you'd be like this guy just fucking have like an open sore. Yeah. If I just wanted to come out and beg By the way I went to late, it's like, that was not me. I didn't What A legend he made having a popped hemorrhoid sound cool.


He was able to go, I pop a hemi, you know. Yeah. He could Made it sound rad. He Could. It is fucking rad. Damn. That guy's got fucking nasty hemorrhoids. Like, nope. That was a young girl getting her period. I just popped a Hemi. Dude, I Used to sleep one. We both popped hems before. It's not good. Oh, I don't even know what a hemorrhoid is. Well, butt cyst Lonial cysts. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's like a, it's No walk in the park. I'm guessing It is not a walk in The park. Dude. Dude, imagine if a, a thing just, you know, your buttholes, you know, perfect little butthole. You gotta poop out of it. Yeah. It's, it's Clear. Everything's fine. Imagine if just something grew in front of that. Is That what it is? Yeah. Well that's, there's different types of hemorrhoid, but the thing, we both got the same one where it's just like, just like some part of your asshole just balloons full of like Liquid, like a inflamed kind of thing.


Like a nerve or something. Sinus track. It's a sinus track in your asshole. Yeah. Sinus track. Is there a way to avoid this? Like, is there something you did that Don't push, don't push too hard. Okay. I, I was straining a little bit. And don't the, the, the number one is don't sit on the toilet and fuck around for a long period of time. Interesting. Yeah. So I would sit there and I'm, I'm guilty of the first one. Not guilty of the second one. You're All, you pop right up it because I'm pushing so much. I'm like a little rabbit man. You should, if I went and took a shit right now, none of you would believe I took a shit. You're quick, you're in Big go. Zero chance died. Just shit, dude. But like, I'm, I'm, I'm in like a rabbit Pop, pop. I'm fucking out. Really? See I like to read. I, I'll sit there and read a book I'll read on my phone. Oh, Interesting. Well, you're a family guy. You're trying to get away from the wife kid. That's S a big one too, man.


The shit break for real is serious. 'cause it's, and it's like, I, we both, you both police each other's Time. You don't wanna go back 'cause you're sitting there like, I'll be, I gotta shit. And you're just free. 'cause it's like you're at a job all the time. Yeah, for sure. Then you're like, I gotta shit with my wife. And she's like, I gotta shit. You're just like, you fucking mother fight. And I'll be like, don't be fucking around your phone. Come right back. I know she's fucking around on her phone because you know what you do. I do. Hey, it's perfect. Don't be, don't be fucking around your phone. And I, you know, you start being like, are you almost done? you know, you start kind of being like, you know, give her 10 minutes max. You're like, All right, let's go. I have a, she'll be like, are you done up there? And I'm, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm done right now. We know what you're doing in there. You're on Candy Crush. I can hear it going excellent or whatever. If you're reading a book, I'll get like engrossed in it.


You just forget. You're just like, damn, this is awesome. And all of a sudden I'm just like, oh shit. I got down there. But yeah, dude, I got that one. And it, like, I was at, I was in school. I went to school for social work like years ago in 2020, which was kind of fun. But the, I remember it. I was like doing, I had to go up to a test and I had to like jam. I think it popped, but I was worried. Oh no. Well I was, I was waiting for it to pop and So, I had to like put toilet paper between my ass cheeks. 'cause I had to like do something that day in front of the class. Little man Pond. Exactly. So I. It, it really was. And I, I like, did you get the smell? I think it popped at home and I don't remember getting the smell. Okay.


Hey guys, let me tell you something real quick. I'm sorry to just break in on an awesome time like this. But guys, you gotta know this PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. Join over 10 million users and sign up today. PrizePicks, invent it. The flex play, which means you can still cash out. If your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money even if one of your picks doesn't hit. PrizePicks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday, PrizePicks discounts. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. PrizePicks is the best way to win real money this football season. Real money, which players are going off, which ones aren't? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on PrizePicks. I mean. That is just, that sounds like some really great information that I, I'm very happy I have guys. Did you hear all that? 25% off real money? You can't, it doesn't get better than real money. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on PrizePicks. Get up to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Ah, hey guys, you know what? We could all use a little more of getting off asses. Ah, they had a typo getting off asses. Not even our asses. Just getting, if you're just laying on someone else's like a pillow and just breathing in that smell with bold flavors and a crisp, refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew gives you that extra push to get moving and feel like you're on top of the world. A world where the sun's always shining. Your crew's ready for action. And unforgettable adventures are just around the corner. Oh my God. Personal endorsement. Here we go. Call out my favorite flavor, guys. I'm a classic man. I like that. Classic do well. I mean they're giving me some verbiage to use. They're going with, they want me to go with great tasting, refreshing, and has a citrus kick. How about that? You love drinking something going, wow, that's a citrus kick. That is the best. It helps you connect with others. They're saying, yeah, that's, it is a treat. That's a nice one guys. It's a treat. Helps you celebrate it helps you express yourself. It helps you take a break. That is amazing. Talk about what game slash activity I'd play with friends, guys, you, I've, I dunno why they keep making me talk about this. This is like my deep personal life, but me and my friends, we all take the bottle and I hide it usually like, we'll take turns like, we'll all, if me and my friends are hanging out, one of us has a bottle of Mountain Dew down their pants. So every time I see my friends, we like shake hands. I'm going, this, you got the dew on you. And like, sometimes I'm just grabbing their penis. I'm like, I'm, I thought you'd have the dew. My bad. But every now and again, one of us will be bricked up, but with the Mountain Dew and we'll pull it out and we just drink it out of each other's flies. It's pretty funny. Guys. The Mountain is calling. you should answer. Grab your friends, grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold and dew, the dew can, you can see. Okay, you can see this contractual purposes. Bang. Lay your eyes on that.


Hey guys, real quick. I know. Just another quick advertisement. Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's 100% pure nicotine and always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like the mom and pop shop pouches. Have you heard about Breakers? They are nicotine pouches with an extra surprise. Each pouch holds a capsule that can be broken open to release extra flavor and hydration. If you know your pouches, you know that the nicotine doesn't hit instantly and neither does the flavor. The geniuses at Lucy came up with a brilliant way to fix both those problems. They put a mini liquid capsule inside each breaker's pouch. That is amazing dude. I like to get the liquid real warm in my mouth, crunched down and go, Ugh. Let's level up your nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to lucy.co/drenched and use the promo code drenched to get 20% off your first order. Lucy has a 30 day refund policy if you change your mind. Again, that's lucy.co and use code trenched to get 20% off. And here comes the fine print. Lucy products are only for children. Just kidding. They're only for adults of legal age. And every product is age verified. Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


The holidays are all about connecting with loved ones. And there's no better way to do that than with a digital picture frame from Aura. Wire Cutter called it the best digital photo frame. Amazing. You can upload your favorite pics of the family to one frame and relive all those happy moments again. Or share big news, like a new addition to the family maybe. Hmm. What pictures do you and your family love sharing? It could be cute selfies, vacation pics, or funny photos. I love when my family, my mom will send me very cute selfies every now and I gotta go, mom, you look so attractive right now. I'm so happy for you, mom. Who are you going to gift this frame to? What big surprise do you have planned? I'm gonna send some, I don't know if you know what boudoir photography is. I'm gonna do some bodo watts. When you go in black and white and You are like, it's very sexual. I'm gonna send it to my fa but it's not like pornographic at all. It's very tasteful. I'm just very erotic. I'm gonna go black and white, just me on the sheets, just leaving everything to just, just a, a tiny cloth over my tiny penis and send it to my parents. And if that's not personal enough, you can upload a video message to play on the frame as soon as they plug it in. So the first thing they hear is your voice and how much you love them all. Save on the perfect gift by visiting our frames.com to get $35 off our's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code MSS SP at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code MSSP. This deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays in terms and conditions apply.


Wait, so how do you, is, I don't know if you guys want to even talk about this, but do you have to get like surgery to get rid of it or no? Well, you can Or just wait. You Can. I, Last time I had one, I had to go, it was, I was thinking out with Shane and Tony and they were doing a thing for next in line, not the NFL whatever, NIL deals. And it was just so big. I was just sitting on it and it was fucking Oh, That's terrible. Pop. Yeah, I went to the hospital, I went to the urgent care. Yeah. And I like popped in the urgent care. So the guy was like, luckily it popped before I had to do anything. It was like crazy Because yeah, I feel real lucky Doc. Thanks. Yeah. He was just like squeezing my ass the whole time. Yeah. Like, Yeah, I'm such a bitch about these kind of things.


Like, dude, it hurts. I I just was washing my ass too thoroughly. Yeah. So it was just dry, but it was so itchy that I was like, I've gotta go to a professional, you know, that's crazy. I'm crazy 40 now. I want to see what's going on. And he was like, you just are, you're, you're washing your ass too much. Like too, what's Your ass watching regimen? Well, I was just in the shower. I would just use like showered gel or or soap to just wash, make sure my ass asshole Dry, clean, Dry out. Yeah, Dry out. But like, I'm using all these soaps and things and, but anyways, so once I saw him, he's like, your asshole's fine. you know, he's like, you just need to not be. How did you show the doctor your asshole By the way? I had to do the whole thing like Bend over So I laid on the, I laid on the bed thing because he gave me the whole 40-year-old check after that. Okay. So I figured.


Like, I'm, I'm at the age. Let's just check my Asshole's. My asshole's fucked up. I've never had a dry asshole. I'm more of a humid guy. Oh, so dry. It was like you chopped, You had a chapped Ass. Yeah, I would itch it so much that it would like bleed. And I was like, I need to go because I'm itching it all. But, but what I was gonna say is like, I, if you could've Yeah. I'm a confident guy. I was such a bitch when I was like in there. Yeah. I like, I was, I kept saying sorry to him. I was like, I'm sorry. He's like, you know, You are All. right? I do this every day. And then I was like, he's like, it's just dried out. And I was like, yeah, I'm sorry. He's like, you don't have to keep What, what was the, what was the You're Just holding your dick? I just kept going, man. I'm so Sorry, dude. I Feel like mcg gruber. Like, I'll suck your dick. Dude. I'm Sorry. I'm sorry. I fucked my ass up. Don. Yeah. I Felt terrible.


I have one job to keep my ass All. right. And I fucked it Up. I was like, I, I feel terrible. I had to come in here and waste your time. I don't even have a say. You're on antidepressants now. You are like, my whole fucking life's over. I don't know why I took Treated, felt so strange, dude. Sorry sir. I had a show. Yeah. I, I had a show. So I was getting eczema. I didn't realize it was eczema and it fucking hit my dick. So, and but the problem was it was like, it was around that area. So I started just, I thought it was Ringworms. So I was just bombing it with like, oh yeah. Motorman cream. And I fucked, I wrecked my dick for like two months and it was just dry and red. That's a terrible feeling. And I Had to go to it finally. I was like, fuck, I gotta to an urgent care. And I go in and it was first the nurse had to look at just my shriveled tiny red penis.


It's the worst. Dude, dude. I was like, All, right. I did that. I'm like, whatever. I think I had showed it dermatologist earlier who had no idea. I think the dermatologist actually say This Before you had a family and All that. I had a family. Oh, you Did? Yeah. I Had a family. Jesus. So I'm like, it was terrible. But I had to So, I do that. I go to the urgent care. A nurse looks at it like, oh, let me bring someone in. Dude, the biggest black guy I've ever met in my life. I swear to God. He's like, I gotta take a look at that. And I was like, okay. And it's him. And then two nurses. 'cause they were arguing whether it was ringworm or something else. Oh no. Like that. And then, so it was just this dude and just two ladies had all be like having like, I don't think it's that. Like I'm just sitting there like, They're using democracy, let's take a vote. But then eventually I went to and that like nothing came of that. They gave me whatever. And then I had to go to a dermatologist.


They were the ones who prescribed the steroid ointment. And they were like, no, this is this's not what this is at all. And then it cleared up. But I That's great. And then different. How good was that feeling to not every time you go to the bathroom reminded of the problem that you have. Like it Was crazy. Just completely I mean, dude, it was, it was itchy and dry. Yeah. But my dick, and it was, dude, it was tear. It would, it would like go away and flare up and go away. It was just kind of like, it was shit I was eating, I think. But yeah. And then the, the dermatologist was also a beautiful woman. Ugh. And just had to like, and I had to go back and be like, I got kicked out of an STD clinic because I refused to like, cooperate with the nurse. What Do you mean? I wanted to just get, so like sometimes yeah, I would just randomly go get STD checks.


'cause like I would break up with a girl and then hook up with a couple other girls. And then that girl would be like, I know you were fucking around when we broke up. Like, I want you to go prove you don't have anything. I've, and I've, it's always comes back clear. I'm not hooking up with homeless chick. I think it's, you get it tested and then if you don't have anything. Yeah, I don't Have anything. Yeah. Why, why do I have to prove the paperwork? But they'll be like, well I haven't slept with it. I was like, All. right. Then I'll just say that too. Like why, if we're just using an office system. Oh, that makes, oh, that makes sense. You took a break and then came back. Yeah. So, I. I'm in there and she just was asking all these questions and I was like, in one of my Jeff Dye moods, you know, she, she was like, she's like, how many partners have you had? I'm like, don't worry about it. And, and she's like, I need to know. I was like, no you don't. You don't need to know. And the nurse is like, I have to ask you this. you know, I was like, I know.


Damn. She hit you with like, you probably sleep with a lot of girls, don't you? She, That's what it felt like to me. And maybe it was 'cause I was projecting on her from like, the conversation I just had with my girlfriend or something. She's like, couple the fuck eyes all the time. How many partners have you had? And I was like, if it's more than zero, check my dick. And she goes, sir. And I was like, you know, but that's, that's true. Yeah. Just check my penis. you Know, your body count, dude. Well that's the thing. It's pretty, he's like, bro, your body count's high as hell. Yeah. Check. Yeah. Just, just if I Have, let's say I checked with a thousand women. Are you gonna check it more thoroughly? Yeah. Just check my cock. Like what's the problem? It's for the government. Why they Need to know. That is a fair question. No, that is a fair question. They Don't need to know any of that. All they need to know is like, did you ever have sex before? And you're like, you did. And they go, All. right? Well check your dick.


Oh Yeah. I, I, because I said if You Are a girl, there's no way they would do that. Yeah. If you were a girl and they're like, how many people you have sex with that that'd be kind of like, offensive for girls. Any, Any member one? Yeah. Thought it was strangely my guy. Yeah. It was just, it was so, it was so weird. And they didn't want any of my bullshit. And so So You got kicked out? I got kicked out before they did the test. What'd You have to do then? I lied to my girlfriend. I was like, ah. Got checked. We'll see. Yeah. Pretty cool. A lot of good people up that Place. Yeah. Great. Great spot. You were done quick. I know, I know. I know. Yeah. Why is the date on this STD thing wrong? Why? Why didn't you just say like, I don't know. Five You should have been like a girl. I like, like four. Yeah.


I. guess I wanted to check too. you know, in my mind I'm like, maybe I do have something. you know, You Should have been like, I only eat pussy. So I. Don't know. Whatever that counts as. You should be furious. You've never ate my pussy. I'm like, ah, All. right. It's kind of an other girl thing. I, yeah. I only, I gotta, I haven't been to the doctor in years. I, I can't wait to go back and answer the hard questions. Dude. I, I'm gonna tell him I do crystal meth. I'm like, yeah, I do crystal meth. Yeah. That's what we should be lying over. Exaggerate everything to our physicians to see if they'll check us different. Yeah. Or if it's like, you know, you give blood. Like have you had sex with a man in Africa after 1975? I? just be like, oh yeah. Yeah. Tons of times. Oh yeah. Run that twice. Put it in the center fumble. Yeah. I wanna go back to the doctor and just wild out. Just be like, oh Yeah dude. The questions are in strange orders too.


Thinking about that one. 'cause I went to, before we went to Africa, we had to get like a bunch of shots and stuff and not for Covid. Don't worry. And they were like, they're like, have you had sex with anyone? Oh no. Have you been to Africa? And we're like, no, we're going to Africa. And the next question is like, have you had sex with anyone in Africa? And I was like, well no, I haven't been to Africa. Been like, the questions are just like strangely worded. Yeah. That's kinda weird. But you. And to get into Africa, you gotta be like a virgin or you gotta be like, I've never fucked anyone from I. guess. I don't know. It's maybe a part of the thousand questions they asked. That's fucked up though. 'cause no other country is like, have you fucked anyone from here before? Because they asked me that on blood tests. Like, if you fuck somebody from Africa in 1970.


Yeah. This is a racist question. It is kind of fucked up. Yeah. Are you gonna give your blood? They're like, Yeah, this African fucker, He fucking an African, he fucking African man in 1975. You Don't want Jeff's blood. He's fucking all these people in Africa. I had one summer In, I had a wild 1935. I had a hot African summer. Yeah. Me And Jane Goodall. And it's ruined my medical history. Yeah. Me and Jane Goodall is the fucking best example I've ever heard. Yeah. I, yeah. I I haven't been to the doctor in such a long time. I stopped going around Covid. Oh really? I was just done with it. Yeah. They're doctors done doc. They're real pushy. And I was just kind of like, every time I go there, they're like, oh, your cholesterol looks good. And I'd be like, fucking, I don't care about that. Doctors are just pill salesman now.


They they are. I believe that. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm gonna try to find one that I like that like, just like, dude run my blood. Look for stuff that's actually important. Right? Like that don't, I don't give a Fuck. I find myself being di dishonest with my doctors. Everybody. They, they, they account for that and they ask you about drinking. Oh good. They kind of like triple it usually. Or Double. Yeah. They'd be like, how much are You are you drinking? And I was like, I don't know. He's like, well, like three times a week. And I almost like laughed out loud, like, what a fucking pussy thinks I drink three times a week. And then he's like, oh, more. And I was like, yeah. How about every day since 2001. Does that, is that a lot? Yeah, true. That'll do it. I, I'm actually 20 year Benda. I kind of keep them on the outs about everything.


I'm like, nah. Oh, really? Yeah. I, I don't really drink that much, but I'm always just like, I don't what the fuck are the why? You don't need to know this. That's, That's what I'm saying, just check our bodies. Yeah. See what I'm seeing, what I'm Doing. These questions are very intrusive. Yeah. Even like, do you smoke weed? I'm like, actually light lately I've been like, yeah, sometimes. Yeah. Sometimes I do. Sometimes I get high and I freak the fuck out. You guys like weed? You guys good at it? Yeah, I was. And then recently it's been like kind of it well for, it's been like a back and forth thing. It's like a, it's like rushing ette every now and again. I can have like an amazing time. Yeah. And then I can just have like the most harrowing afternoon where I'm just freaked out. Yeah. See, I hate It. My just racing And all my friends that smoke weed fucking love you boys, but you're losers.


you know, like, like it's, I don't like how do you figure they're not like high achieving, you know, they're, they're just doing nothing. That's, some people can smoke weed and, And do nothing. Some people Get anyone that's thriving Such a lame take All my alcohol, such a lame take. All my alcohol friends are fine, successful. All my friends that like do mushrooms, they won't shut the fuck up about it. They're happy as hell. They're making real relationship connections. They're, they're doing beautiful things with their mind. And then all my weed friends fucking not doing shit. It can happen that people can burn out. I think I mean our founding father smoke weed. Definitely not a patriot, but the, I probably, the weed got too strong.


They good thinks then they smoked weed. No way. Dude. Dude, here's the thing. The weed's gotten too strong. I agree. Okay. It's gotten way too strong. And it's like, I have found, I like to get the type it's called type two cannabis. It's half C, B, D, half TH, c. Okay. It's chill if you smoke dabs and stuff. I do think that kind of can fuck people up. Interesting. There are some people that can do it that are lawyers All. right. Maybe here's what I'll adjust. I'm teachable. Interesting Thing, thing. Just enjoy it. Right. Like I had to ask you, I didn't come in here and you're like, oh, it's fucking, oh, we got the weed painting. Yeah. Yeah. I got a marijuana leaf on my laptop. Yeah. Those are the guys I'm talking about. That's true. Who can't even talk to me at a fucking smoothie place without taking a rip off some mechanical weed thing.


Yeah, that is true. That's who I'm talking about. You're ab No, you're absolutely right. There's, there's a Kevin Smith, these fucking losers that have some teenage obsession with weed. That's who I'm criticizing. Not a man with a wife and kids and a successful career. No, I, dude, I it, there is no, but here's the thing. It is fair because there is, it does fuck up your pro. For me, it does fuck up productivity. I have to wait till I'm done. Everything. If I'm like, I'm gonna smoke weed and get creative and write, I'll just go for a walk. If The kids fall off the balcony and you're like, oh. Sorry. It, the, the dabs were where I kind of, there was like, I smoked weed since I was little and then there was the dabs and that's where I was like, I stopped. I was like, that's too much. When the dude's just like blast the thing on a Do ever see that?


Just like a concentrated wax. Yeah. It's, I watched that occur and I was scientific. Yeah. That's too much Dab Is weed crack basically. It Is a hundred percent. But I will say smoking a little bit of weed watching a movie. That's fantastic. It's the best. Going, going to the movies and smoking weed. It's, it's the best. I Like starting a project and then start smoking So that I'm in it already. So that I just keep going through. Okay. Yeah. That is What kind of project though? Gimme an example. Video I just set of videos. Okay. Yeah. Something you gotta get done. I see. Yeah. Yeah. I will say that does help. Yeah. Fair. I will say if you smoke weed while you're not doing anything for me, I'll bug out sometimes. And then it's like, I'm just like, what? Why did I do this? I'm bugging out. But if I have a task, I'll still be bugging out, but I'll be so engrossed in the thing.


It can have like an energizing effect. Okay. Where I'm like kind of bugging where I'm like, I gotta get this done. I just kind of ride out the physical discomfort. But it is one of those things where you smoke weed. I, I got to the point where I'd be like, why am I high? Right. I don't even enjoy this. Yeah. I would just be high and like freaking out and thinking about stuff that I would forget instantly. And I'd be like, why do I like this? And then you just freak out about that. And it's like, So, I. I do agree. I, I think pots are so optimistic too. Like, like, like Until bedtime? Well, no, they'll say no I mean they'll, they're optimistic about pot. Oh, okay. Like, I'll be like, oh, I hated that. And they're like, you go to draw a different strand. And I was like, All. right. And then we'll try a different, I'm from Seattle, so it's been legal my whole life.


Yeah. He had, yeah. So they'll be like, All, right. Try this. And I've had like, after 30 times, I'm like, I think I just don't like this. Yeah. This is not for me. And They're like, but try it. Have you tried sativa Or is it like, I'm guys, I can't. And all of that's bullshit too. They're so like mixed together now too. And they're like, dude, no. Like there's like, you're more of this. And if you have now it's like the, the ultimate be like, well it probably that terpene probably doesn't, now you need more ine. It's like, dude, you have no fucking idea. When I got a DUI, they weren't like, maybe try Brandy. What was it? Scotch. You were drunk on Scotch. Yeah. Yeah. It is. It is one of those things where it's like, I like, I've been smoking weed since I was like 14. Okay. I like it. But it's like, as I've gotten older, it's become less and less and I, I used to be high all day. Really? Yeah. Like for years.


Oh my dude. You Were like a rapper. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. I was just high and I was also selling weed. Just stoned all the time. It was kind, I was a lot like a rapper. Rapper. You were in the market. Dude. I was a lot like a rapper. But it was, it is weird. I will say there's a point when you smoke weed and you're younger and it's like, before you have like stuff to bug out about as much. You feel like you're on the limitless drug. Really? Really. It was kinda like, dude, I'm so fucking smart. Then you forget it all though. You go home and you're literally like, what the fuck was I thinking about? But there was like a four year period in my life that I was high all the time selling weed. Yeah. And I was like, dude, I might be the smartest guy ever. And then Like, do you like mushrooms? I love mushrooms. Yeah. Me too. Mushrooms I think are greater than weed. I, I would say, Oh, way better. And also I feel like that made me smarter. Yeah. My friends all say to me like, dude, you came back different. Like, it like changed something in there.


What, what, what did you, what was your mushroom experience? Like? What did you do? So like how much, or like, where was I setting Wise? Yeah. Yeah. The whole thing. What did, okay. So my first time ever, I knew I wanted to do it for a long time and my boy Randy Valerio was like, he's like king mushroom guy. So he was like, I got you. Like, you know, just tell me when. So we've planned this trip out to like, what's the hottest desert in the world? It's in California. The Goby? No, it's, it doesn't really matter. It's like this Death Valley. Yeah. It's like where they film like Star Wars. Some of the things I can't remember. Yeah. Death Valley. Death Valley. Yeah. So we go to Death Valley and we waited till nighttime and then we just all took a shit ton of mushrooms. It was just three of us dudes who like trust each other and know each other. And it was the most beautiful experience of my life.


That's awesome. It was absolutely incredible. And we took a lot. And then, and then, so after that, every couple months Right. It wasn't like a daily thing. Slowly built up to like four and a half grams is like what we would That's like the dose we Yeah. Yeah. We only go like full journey. We're not doing like a little Yeah. Yeah. Where'd you sleep in the d Did you like camp in there? Or you We had a hotel room, but we were To You were glamping. You guys were glamping. No. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. We went to the woods. I'm a amp To do that. I'm a glamping guy And then walked across the street to our hotel. Yeah. I'm a glamping guy myself, dude. Yeah. I kind of, I enjoy, you know, gimme an indoor gimme. No one's ever taken me real camping, Neither. I Want to go real Camping. I've never done it either, honestly. Yeah. I, I, I Overrated. What's is it? Yeah.


Overrated it. Yeah. Sleep in a tent and shit In the ground. I would rather be outside all day and then hit like a yurt. But I just wanna do it for a couple days or something. Yeah. Or even just one day. Yeah. Because here's the thing is like, my buddies would go, oh, we'll take a camping. And I've had girls go, we'll take a camping. And then they take me to some national park where I can see other people like me, you know, setting up their stupid ca picnic. Wanna A No, I wanna be like in a movie, like when Yeah. You'd be like, here's where we have to set the tent down. Dude, I agrees. I've never gone camping and I, I've like, we were like, put a tent in my backyard and like, sleep back there. It doesn't count. Yeah. But like, I want to go, but I, I have two daughters. So, I'm like waiting to see if either of them want to go camping and Yeah. That'd perfect. I'm gonna spearhead. My wife has no interest in it at all. Really? Zero. I don't wanna do it for like a month.


I don't wanna like, you know, Not even a night. If I can, if I can speak on behalf of your wife. City blacks hate like grass. I Know, I know. My wife's, my wife's black from Chicago. She does not want to camp whatsoever. Yeah. But my daughters the white side of them Might whisper to. Yeah. Might crave it. Let's, Let's leave. And Then they'll be like, mom was right. This sucks. This Is fucking Bullshit. Yeah. Bare feet on the ground too. I. guess it's city blacks. That's a funny Is that a term? City? Blacks. Country blacks. Yeah. Rural blacks. Yeah. Yeah. They're true. Yeah. Yeah. I'm what mix of a city and a rural black. Interesting. You are a little country. The perfect blend. You are a little country. Country. A little country. Oh man. I had to do a pro or I didn't have to. I got to do a project in, in Atlanta.


Yeah. And it like changed my perspective on black people. Yeah. I was like, God did this to keep me from being racist. Oh. In Atlanta. All my favorite people in the world. Yeah. What, what was the project? It was like a game show where we would shoot like 10 episodes a day. It was like quite a, quite a grind of work. But I made me there for like, like six weeks. Yeah. And like I had to live in a hotel so every day I would see black women that like, you know, southern black women who worked at the front. I'd have, you know, if I was going to eat food at a restaurant, it was just all these like southern Atlanta black people. And I was like my favorite group of humans. This is the Yeah. This is amazing. Yeah. Took you down. Yeah. I like Church city black people.


you Know, Atlanta has the highest percentage of black people at eight. Really? How? Do. You. Know. That Jesus la me. It's a strange stack. Yeah. 'cause I don't know. I don't know why, but every, All those down little brothers went to Atlanta. I could guess. Yeah. Wait, the what? You nailed it. What? The down lows on the, in Atlanta, that's where they go. Really? They go down low I just, I was just going off of there was a ton of gay black dudes. Oh, well they're all in Atlanta too. Yeah. That's say it's, I'm just going off the Bravo network. Yeah, yeah. Bravo Network is just gay black guys in Atlanta on every show. Dude. Atlanta rules. This is like best city dude. Damn. So that's where, that's where homo thugs go to have sex with men on the low Atlanta.


Yeah. Shit doesn't look good for Tyler Perry. Damn. Tyler Perry. He fucking Built, he's bricks and mortar down there, dude. Yeah, dude. And you know, in this studio is every building is named after other famous black people. Really? It's probably not looking good for those guys either. There's like a Will Smith studio, Jamie Fox. Oh really? Yeah. It's like a Diddy party alum. Yeah. When am We gonna get this list? Yeah. That they're not gonna give it, man. Also There's thing, once the list comes out, no one will care. Yeah. No. Did you They did that Epstein Island list. People were interested in about it for like 30 minutes. Well Stephen Hawkings was a revelation. That was crazy. That was a big one. David Copperfield. Yeah. But then it was just like, dude, But nothing happened.


No. David Copperfield, he did A show last night in Vegas. It changed nothing. I know that's, that didn't change. And then the Diddy party stuff, everyone's going, well I was there, but I left at 3:00 AM and then after I leave, that's when everyone Sure. It's like, it's like a how Do You Know b. But it's also dude, so no one's gonna care. It's Also kind of bullshit in my opinion, to be like, if you're in the nineties getting freaky as hell. Yeah. You're getting accused now. It's like, dude, the nineties were genuinely totally different. Yeah. So it's like, it's one of those things where it's like, yeah, if I, it's like it sucks, but it's also like, Well and also people just inconsistent. The real rule though, the way, or not rule, but the real way people navigate their minds is if you like the person, you're fine with it. And if you don't like them, then you're outraged. Yeah. Burn 'em on a cross.


Yeah. David Bowie like admitted in his book to like banging 13 year olds. Yeah. But it's David Bowie. So they go guys that guy Rules Anthony Keas is in, in his book. He was like, he had sex with a, a 16 or 17. But he wrote it, dude. It's like, I feel like when people telling themselves you're like, All. right bro. Fuck Yeah. Good for you. Yeah. It's like, fuck dude, that's a sick story. This Guy's owning it. But he really looks good on you. He's doing the eight mile man. He's trying to get ahead of it. Sure. Oh, whatcha gonna say now? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, So. I gave Quaaludes to a girl. It Also, there's also an aspect, there's an, you think Cosby's bad check out my book. Yeah. The, I think there is an aspect too. It depends on what you have. Like if you, if you're in command of like, like an important cultural job that other people want.


Yeah. There's more of an uproar around your misdeeds than if you like don't really have much going on. That's Why the did list is so interesting. Yeah. Because if you was just guilty of being nefarious as like a rockstar or thug rapper would be, it would be no story. But black people are still working on the gay shit. you know that every group's got their own things they're working on. Yeah. So this one is encroaching into a new territory for them. Yeah. Freaky, freaky ass bulls. They're Going off shit. Freaky ass bulls. This is not going Well. He also like, he was also like, not only that, but apparently according to all like the court stuff, he would like, like imagine if I brought you in here and I was just like, oh dude, this would be a sick podcast.


And the whole time during breaks I was just like, goofing you. He was like doing that. That would rule. But then being like, but then holding like a genuine like, you know like I'm gonna give you a million dollars to produce this project. Yeah. Like, oh fuck yeah. But then the whole time he'd be like, I know. Spreading you up. Like lemme see that chap little fucking pill. It is weird. I'm He just, and and you're like, that was his real, it wasn't even just he Do, You, Know how much oil I have here, Jeff, I can help This. It wasn't even just the gay freaky stuff. It was like I mean that is obviously for sure nobody likes that at all. But it's like, especially you're talking about like the black community, it's like, yeah, you can't, don't fuck around. They don't fuck around about gay stuff at all. Yeah. Then it was like the power of being like basically holding someone prisoner. I always Think about that.


Like, I always like to think that like if my boss of anything I had I mean this is, it's hard for me to try to pretend to be someone else. That's why I struggle with it. Yeah. But it's like, if my boss was like doing things, I, I'm such a impulsive person that I'd be like, what the fuck? Like I would just like blow it up. I wouldn't be able to keep a secret. Yeah, true. To keep a career or job Then, then I'll enter this into the equation. You're going to the parties, he's like, you're getting blown. He's, he's hooking you up. It's crazy. And then at the end of it, oh yeah, you know he slept a little something in your drink and then he just fucking started goofing you. You're like, boy what the fuck? I like all this tar stuff one, it was weird. I like all this other stuff but, Well, I'll just bottle that up for later. When I fucking kill my wife at age 55.


Love Jeff. You gotta like this. Yeah, yeah. True. It's, it's, it's kind of going away now though. I feel like people don't really, they use, I think it might've been a kind of heightened during the election 'cause it was kind of like shame on the libs. Sure. That was lib shame. Sure. Epstein. Oh for sure. Epstein was like a little, everyone was caught in that. But the Diddy stuff was kind of like shame on the libs. Yeah. Oh yeah. It does suck. You don't get, there's no closure on it. It's just kind of like, yeah that guy was raping kids and anyway, back to work everybody. You're like, I know. It's crazy. Like the, what people care about or pretend to care about because of the Diddy list too. They'll just go, Hey, he was at a party. You can't prove he did anything. Well that's, it's like Chris Tucker went to Epstein Island I know like a few, like three times and he's like, I played golf. I didn't even know they were doing that there.


you know? But I mean maybe he's telling the truth, maybe he's not. But it's like you'll always have that out. Like I just went there 'cause they're rich guys. you know? I know. So like who wouldn't have wanted to go to a P Diddy party before you knew what a P Diddy party was doing? Everyone would've went. Yeah. Every single person who's being like fucking weird bullshit. If they had gotten invited in 1997 would've been I still, because I only learned Ll never. He knows the consequences. Maybe. Yo, maybe start throwing, keep it alive. Traditional life. It's like when I go to parties now and I'm like, I don't drink. Yeah. Like you just be like, oh no, I'm not doing the raping thing. Yeah. You guys have fun though. I'm just happy to be here. Gotta pick with J-Lo Hal's not drinking. Been You are you? It's been great. You are you're off. You're off the sauce. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. Totally sober. Yeah. I feel great. It's been amazing. It's kind of nice and it's really, it's one of those things that is like everywhere, but once you don't do it, you're like, it's, it's great for you.


Everyone else has a problem. They go like, what the fuck Is your problem? Yeah. I feel like, 'cause it was such a big part of my lifestyle that like, there's some disappointment, but then also like my buddies have been kind of supportive of like, dude, you're way more fun to be around. Like you don't just ditch us for a chick at like 10:00 PM or like hammered. Yeah. Like we're having actual conversations with cigars and you know, we're connecting in a ways that we didn't use to. So it's been mostly positive. It occasionally rears its head. Yeah. Like I, I think I've dodged a real, last night I did kill Tony and afterwards everyone hangs outta the bar called Mitzi's. And there was like this girl who might've been one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my life, but she was just so intoxicated that like, I would Yeah. Yeah. I, I left, she terrified me. Just her being near me Yeah.


Was so scary. And if, but if I was old Jeff, we would've definitely been Well You'd have been so hammered that Yeah. You would've gotten drunk and been like, that's a, that is such a tricky one, man. They're like drunk women were like boons back in the day. Yeah. Like, what a glorious bounty. Why did the universe provide me? Now you're like, yeah. It's like, dude, get the fuck away from me. Don't. Exactly. I wanted nothing to do with it. She kept grabbing my face. I was like, Hey, don't fucking Touch me. Get off me. Get a fuck. Don't even, I would normally, yes, I you, but like, You are so drunk. Yeah. That's the bad part about being a guy too. In modern times, at least in America, it's like, not only if I'm drunk, do I have to be responsible for drunk Jeff's behavior and it will be held accountable in a court of law. But I have to also be responsible for her drunkenness. Yeah. I, here's Thing, it's like I could be responsible for both of us, Dude.


It's someone's gotta do it. Yeah. That's how I look at it. It's like, yeah, dude, you, I, you shouldn't be that drunk. Right. But if you're a girl, it's like, yeah, You should just, You should in theory, just be like, let me get you home. You later. You seem pretty inebriated. A lot of bad guys out here. It's tough to be responsible for both of us when I'm hammered, You know? It is bullshit. That's the thing. Somebody's gotta pull their pants up around. So last night I had to be responsible for nobody's gotta, like, I was like, Hey, we can't, I'm not gonna even touch you. That's the thing as every Gentleman. But if I was drunk Jeff, I'd have, we'd have fucked in the bathroom. Like, like At Well that's why it's a sin to be that drunk. I know. You should be punished for that. If somebody else Touched her, dude, you wanna be, this all took a real turn here. You should As it, you shouldn't get that drunk. It's, it's unbecoming of anyone. I know. It was as a woman, it's like, it's understandable. Yeah.


As a guy, it's like, yeah. It's completely ridiculous to be that drunk. I know. Yeah. But no, it is crazy to be like my worst Behavior. We're both Behaviors. We're both blacked out and I go to jail. Right. It's crazy. It is bullshit. That is The rules. But I'm just trying to take dudes to the next level right now. It's Beautiful. You shouldn't be that. You, like no one should beat that Drunk with this headset and this, it does feel like a church. It does. Like the earlier analogy is perfect. you know, like it is. That's why sin, to be that drunk Jeff, it's an Absolute sin. You shouldn't be that drunk. you know? Or You should, You should always be, have your wits, you know, with That's where coffee came. That's like coffee caught on in America. 'cause it was like a total counterpoint to alcohol. Interesting. 'cause alcohol was so prevalent in everyday, everyday life where like the water quality wasn't great. Yeah. So you would just chug like a pint of ale and go hit the farm.


Wow. And then people started being like, dude, alcohol is bullshit. And they started drinking, like people didn't know the numbers on coffee. So they'd have like nine cups of coffee a day. Yeah. And just coffee shops were Europe. Must be pissed about that espresso martini. Well, dude, they're like, these fucking idiots are supposed to be for the Yeah, dude. Well, no, even in America, you would like coffee shops before computers. You would drink like 12 espressos and just stand there and be like, I'm from Michigan. I'm in the lumber company. And you would network with other like, just jacked up entrepreneurs. That's Why I shit so fast. Dude. I'm, I'm having like 10 coffee day. That'll get you. Yeah. I've Already had two coffees this morning before I got here. Did you really? Yeah. There's my, I'm gonna hit fuck you up. I'm off of caffeine, off of that. Totally off of ca. I'm, I have like a very, I think that's harder to get rid of than alcohol.


I would say a thousand percent. Yeah. I would much rather get crushed coffee early in the morning than drink any day of the week. Really? I fucking love caffeine. Yeah. And it's habitual. But I'm sensitive. I'm sensitive to it. I Wouldn't even know what to do with my day if I didn't have coffee. Well, lemme tell you about raw milk Because I like the whole process. Here's so do I Yeah. I drink decaf So. I'll drink totally decaf coffee. Okay. I started drinking raw milk recently. Real milk. Raw milk. What is raw milk? Raw milk is when they don't pasteurize it. You don't do, you don't. How do you get that? Get it from a farmer. Okay. You gotta sign up in Texas. I'm any fucking farmer in Google, brother in Texas. You just Google. you know we have gonna Farmer's market But. you have to order it a week before. 'cause they don't let, you can't bite it on the spot.


Dude. I'm not lying. I know. I don't care about raw milk. I never cared. I was like, lemme just try it. 'cause I was curious. I heard it helps with like dairy intolerance. Yeah. Dude, I've been, I started drinking this four days ago. I, I feel amazing. Really? And I looked it up 'cause I was like, the fuck's in this shit. Yeah. All the vitamins. It's a complete food. All the vitamins and minerals they have. I think every, like, if you took a vitamin, raw milk has every single thing in that vitamin. They have, you know, vitamin abs, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. Right. There's a couple, they don't have a lot of, and every mineral and it's all wildly bio Available. How are you drinking this shit? Like, just straight outta a glass dude. Straight out of a glass. Oh my God. I make decaf coffee and I pour a ton of raw milk in there. And dude, I swear to God Yeah. I'm not making this up. I, you know, whatever.


If I feel amazing, really I'm sleeping better. It's insane. Apparently has like hormone effects. It does all kinds of shit. Yeah. I, I, I, that is the next part I got. I shook the booze thing, which I feel great about. I'm very proud of it. Yeah. It's been a year and two weeks. But the, the thing with I'm eating trash, dude, Eating bad. I've been eating bad for a long Time. It's tough. You're tra you're traveling a Lot. I'm guessing that's Yeah. McDonald's is available, you know. Yeah. You know what I mean? Dude, when I You got, you know what I do? No, I don't get, you Don't have Being nice. You know what I do though? I go, when I go to away for the weekend, I'll go food shopping. Get a rotisserie chicken. Yeah. And some fruit. But I don't even do that at my own home, let alone if I was on the road.


True, True. But no, I'm telling you dude. Get on the raw milk train, dude. Yeah, I'll check it out. You Could probably get in LA There's, there's a Lot of that. Oh, for sure. Dude, I swear I'm not, I want someone else to drink this shit 'cause it's like, I can't believe how it's A super food. It is dude. Yeah, it is. Although it is tied to, we talked about this on the Patreon thing, it's tied to neo-Nazis. So you can't, like, apparently milk has like, connections to like white supremacy due to like the legend that like the ancient aliens were the only people who could digest it. Just Make it sound cooler. Dude. It kind of does did it kind of like, my friend was like, you gotta be careful. They're all milk. It's like Nazi stuff. And I was like, how? And explain it to me. I'm like, fuck dude, that sounds so fucking cool. But also, it's ridiculous. It's crazy.


It's insane. Yeah. They also drink water. Oh God. I don't want to drink water. 'cause they, well, There's been articles written about is milk racist? And they're saying like, oh my God. Because apparently anyone who white people can tolerate dairy as a group combined better than any other group. And they say that that's what the s did. It's pretty easy to make those statistics when you just lump it as white. True. How many countries are white? Yeah. But I think like all of them can have milk, I think. Yeah. I think, I think if you're not one like true like Eastern Europe maybe might get like the bubble guts for milk I. just Jews. Jews are pretty white. They can, they can't have anything. The tubes. Yeah. True. Yeah. Not even a country. Right. So it's like the white is so vague, But I think, yeah, I think it's, again, it's like one of those things, like as a group, it was like, I think black people get crushed with lactose and intolerance.


Yeah. And you guys crush the dairy too. That got Hurt right now. Oh. Oh boy. Yeah, dude. I, I'm doing it for his country though. Yeah. And Asian people can't fuck with dairy either. Really? I didn't know that about them. I, That's, I didn't know any of this. I got But what about Indian guys? They love creamy things. They do like creamy things. Yeah. And spicy things. Those guys. But they use coconut milk. They use a lot of coconut milk. Strong guts over there. Yeah. Yeah. True. Well they use coconut milk and like yogurt. A lot of their stuff's yogurt based, which probably lessens the sting. I'm, dude, I'm crushing like in the morning eight ounces of whole milk and you Enjoy it. It was, it's not like you're trying to get through it to, for the super Food. Oh my God. I love it, dude. Yeah. I, the day I drank it, I, and again, I'm like, I have no ties to any sort of milk, any sort of milk company. I had, like, I was taking Zyrtec, So, I had, you know, when you take allergy medicine?


Yeah. You're kind of like, oh, like I had like heavy brain fog and I, I wasn't planning on this. I crushed as soon as I got back from the farmer's market, I was like, yes. I poured up a huge glass of milk, crushed it. And dude, within like 10 minutes, I was like, what the fuck? I like my brain just like kicked on. It was nuts. I'm definitely trying it, dude. I'm telling you man. I live in this city. That'll be the easiest to find for sure. If you just google raw Milk. Right. They'll bring it right to my door. They probably will. They could have in 15 minutes. He's gone a week before. Not in la Yeah, it's on Go book right now. Yeah. They got some bullshit for sure. Yeah. Texas. It, it is bullshit. I guess the wait to week. They don't want 'em like, kind of like letting it sit around for too long. So they want you to like fresh to order whatever. But my thing is, it's, it's a, you know, they, there's always like thing, like, you can get sick.


You, like, with our technology now they have to be able to test a batch of raw milk. Like does this have tuberculosis? Sure. And all these other things. You can just test it and like, no, it's fine. 'cause they're like, you could get really sick. It's like, who Said that? Like Internet. They're like, oh, you can also get this and that. And it's like, dude, I'm just gonna chug this shit. But If it's more natural, that should be better. You would say. But it's, I get it. Like if it's, you know, when you're milking a cow, like, you know, the cow can just take a shit. They're not like gonna be like, excuse me sir. Right. They'll just rip a dump. Right. The worry is if it fucking gets into the, those Calfs are so strong, you know, I wanna be strong as a calf, but Yeah, exactly. Dude. I, it's like breast milk, dude. Yeah. You feel fucking I I mean. I'll stop talking about it. But Jesus Christ.


It's been a revel It's been a revelation for me, dude. I Like it. I feel, I'll try. I'll be in, dude, you're gonna get a text from me like in a week. Like, I tried it, dude, my brain's on. You're gonna be firing. Dude. I'm excited. You're gonna be fine. But I mean like, I'm gonna be pissed. We'll be like, this shit's not working. I got like a thick milk mustard. I'm just sitting on the couch going, I've been fooled again. You're Just farting nonstop. The first he told me Nazis did this. That's a is all part of his. Get Jeff to do it thing. Now you're gonna, I'm telling you man, I I, I'm trying to make every like, I'm trying to make everyone in my house drink it. And everyone was like, not feeling it, but Because it is tough to drink, like immediately my brain went to, can I put chocolate syrup in it? You could if you want it. Or Like, if I steam it, does that take some of the No, the passion.


So if you like, you have to steam it for at a, there's a certain temp and then I think you'd have to do it for a certain period of time. But I forget what it is. Yeah. But I, I think as I was worried, like if I dump it into hot coffee, does it, Like, would that change it? Yeah, totally fine. Will It curle. Oh, interesting. It's gotta hit like one 50 I thinks to curdle. Oh, not to curdle, but like, like I Used to crush like eggnog and people were like, that's disgusting. And I was like, yeah, but it's so good. Eggnog rules. Yeah. But it's eggnog gets pretty good. So flavor. And that's the thing is like, if I could make it taste like eggnog, I would crush whole, you know, real milk All day. Put it in a smoothie. You can put it in a smoothie. I'm about to make a raw milk smoothie when we get home. But it's like, no, We're talking But. you only have like five days. So I'm gonna charge up and then I'm gonna have to go off the juice for a little bit. So You are, you're in rogue towns.


You guys got real milk in there Sipping from the der Yeah. But yeah, I, I like, I didn't know dairy was like such a big thing where like most people are allergic to it now. 'cause the way they do it now, apparently, like nobody can really stomach it. Oh, really? But yeah, they, they like destroy it destroys everything. It's like breast milk, how breast milk is really good for you. But if you just fucking like boiled it in a microwave, you've destroyed like, literally like an elixir. Yeah. So. that is the new hunting. Trying to find things that are good for you. Yeah. you know, our ancestors had to be like, go shoot an animal and skin it and then whatever, and keep it cold and then cook it. Now our hunting is going to the grocery store and finding anything that's good for you. Yeah. Literally you could go to Whole Foods. Doesn't matter half. That's trash Dude. 90.


90. If you go to, say you go into like a convenience store, 99% of the stuff in there, it's terrible for You. Oh yeah. It's all garbage. We're eating garbage. Even whole foods. Yeah. A lot of it's just like shit. And seed oils. Yeah. It, the grocery store, if you stay the, the thing is if you stay on the outer aisles, it's like produce and then meat and Kind of don't. But even the produce, they found a way to like inject it and do all this shit fucking The big as shit, these apples. I know. Or you'll go to like a real health place where they're like, everything in here is good for you and the carrot's like $20. You're like, what the fuck is this? Yeah. Yeah. That's the new hunting. It is. Well, here's the thing too, when people like the food, like say like, organic produce is too expensive. It's like, dude, you'll die if you don't have it A hundred percent. Like it should take up, you know, it should be. I I it does suck. But it's also like, like even before, like, you know, I did well, I would always spend way more money on food than anything.


People spend money on Fucking bullshit. It's like, dude food. Do You think they're gonna murder us after this podcast for like, talking about the food industry? Like this Dude? Yeah. I think the jigs up dude. I think hopefully someone cracks down on that. Yeah, they Have the they have the new chair lady. You ever see her fle something? She's been cracking down on it. She's been getting crazy. Really? Really? She was like, there was like a, maybe like a couple weeks ago. FDA. Yeah. She was like, there's like a, They kinda, they kinda shit the bed pretty hard. That's Weird. No dude, she's, she was like, there was a presentation of them with like, it was like, here's the European version of Free books. Oh yeah, I saw that. Yeah. Here's the American version. Oh right, right, Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's doing that with like all The's. The thing, remember Michelle Obama's original thing was like food. Yeah. She was like, I'm gonna make healthy, you know these young kids, but we gotta do something about it.


And it's like someone took her in her back room and was like, listen bitch, Do You Know, how much money we fucking give you? And then she was like, maybe just go outside and run a little bit. Maybe just run outside. Maybe it's about fitness 10 minutes a day. Like what happened to the food party you were talking about? Yeah. I Don't think they, nothing happened with that. Real, yeah, she Changed. She immediately turned, it flipped into like a fitness thing. Fuck thing. As opposed to a food thing really Immediately. Well dude, they've, they have somehow SIOP dudes to be like, it's like pussy shit to worry about food because every dude I know shaming what's in that, they're like, sunk. Give a fuck. Look this right now. It's like, dude, you're gonna die. Yeah. You're going to die. What did, what is They're eating the cardboard that it came in. You're like, no dude. Like I'm a real man.


My whole family's like that. My, all my dads and uncles are like, what are you a fucking girl? Yeah. I don't give a shit late. Like 40 cheese steaks. And it's just like, dude, you're going to fucking die. I don't know why. It's like crazy to worry about. I'm trying to ask my own self. Why is that cool? It's a syop. I don't think it's a syop. It's just that masculinity is not caring If you die, It's lazy. Yeah, that's fair. But also like what about, what about peak performance? What about the Da Vinci man? What about going peak performance? Taking yourself to the highest level. That guy Had like five brews before he took that pick. That painting. Yeah. It is like, kinda like what it, what makes it cool to be a man, you know? Yeah. Like just to Like dla. Yeah. Just dilapidated yourself. Some people think a man is kind like a big beard and he doesn't give a shit and he always, he's got an ax, you know?


And then some people think like James Bond is cool. Yeah. But James Bond is like wearing this fucking three piece suit and he's drinking fine vodka. you know? That's true. Yeah. So it's kind like He's killing people. So that's the thing, if you kill people, you can dress kind of gay, but He's got eat right. you know, like that the true, that's true. You've got bond going Well, you guys don't drink real milk. And they go, what a fucking faggot over there. Shut up. So it's like kind of, they're both men, but like But, you gotta decide which man. True. you know, you wanna be. It's A fair point. It is a, yeah. It's a, I feel like most people though, it's like if you, if you even bring up like Yeah. This a lot of times in private conversation like, you know what, what, what is that? Some of the stuff But, you get a bunch of dudes together. Like, I don't give a shit about that. I know. Doesn't, there's something like when girls go out, they go like pamper themselves.


When dudes get together, they just try to like destroy, try to destroy themselves. It kind of funny. Yeah. It's kind of sick. Well, Maybe it's a test. Actually. I, I think I know the answer to it, but go ahead. No, I was gonna Say all my friends, they always like go for like the easiest option. It's like, bro, there's better options. Don't just pick the first one. 'cause it's easy. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lazy Yeah. People Are, people are dumb and lazy. They're right about that. I think that the reason men would do that to each other is it is a test of toughness. It's a test of like, can we, you know? Oh, you care about that? Like we're, we're tough. you know? Yeah. We're tough And that's, that's healthy. True. 'cause men have always had to be tough.


That's true. But it's like, my thing is like, why? Because I've done that. Like I don't give a fuck. I'll eat that. Then I just have like a quiet tummy ache. I'm like, I don't want this tummy ache. But the inner caveman in you back in the day had to like not care about how cold it is. 'cause he had to kill a wolf. Yeah, true. you know, so like, there was, there's this idea of like not caring about your wellbeing. Yeah. To be a fucking man. Yeah. True. You know, but I, it's, I, I, every now and again, I'll get's still in there. I'll be real good. I'll like, I'm be doing well eating, I feel great and then I'll be like, I can relax and I'll just get the biggest tummy ache and be like, why do I do this to myself? Dude, there's nothing less masculine than having a tummy ache. It Sucks dude. It sucks. I just laying in a hotel room burping by myself.


But my tummy, what The fuck did I eat that? Fuck. I gotta tighten Up. I've never had fish and chips at like a pub and not had a stomach ache. Yeah. It's every time. And I've like egg. Oh I'm never ordering this again. I fucking forget like six months later. It's The worst every time you're like, Fuck dude. It's so good. And I'm hurting Every fucking time. Well I think we covered a lot of topics here. I think we got to the bottom of a lot of things. I think so too, man. Jeff Thank. You for coming. Thank You. Thanks for having me dude. thanks for coming on man. Thanks for You're the best. Thanks for withstanding this format. What did you think of standing? I prefer it. It's kind of nice, right? It's the future. I think it's absolutely the future. Yeah. Podcasting now dude, after this election. Who made them? Some guy on Amazon. Really? Yeah, Chinese guy.


Oh wow. Yeah. Also too, I don't know if I even have the remote on me. I didn't even show you this feature, but yeah dude, these things go fucking nuts bro. Lemme see. Yeah. Nuts. Oh there we go. No, he wasn't lying. This is sweet. You should get some pyro in there. This be amazing. And if it goes bad it'll just be funnier. Hilarious. Oh fucking if A pyro goes, screws up, like We could get some baby pyro. Probably. No, probably not. It'd Be amazing. Smoke is collecting in here is not even that grandiose. True. Well dudes, Thank You so much. Thanks for having me brother. Dude. Appreciate it. Lae. Thank, You brother. Do you guys have anything you wanna plug by the way? Oh yes, Go for it. Please go for it.


December 20th and 21st I'm gonna be at Raleigh and good nights please come. And then January 15th at the Philly Hill. Please go. That too. Hell yeah. Great club. Yeah, I'm, you can go to Jeff Dye dot com or follow me on my socials and all my live dates are there. Right on. Love you guys.