
Today. You're gonna watch the game though, today, right? Like, no. You don't even give a fuck. Fuck. You're not like glued to it at all. I don't fuck at all. Not at all. Yeah. Interesting. Are you eagles or any sports? I like Eagles too. I. just, I don't care about sports. My dad never watched sports growing up, so I never Interesting watched it. Shane is a maniac with sports, right? Love Sports. Yeah. Yeah. I try, I've literally tried for like, conversation sake to like get into it and I just, man, I don't give a fuck. Alright. It would take hours to like, right. It's so much. And I've tried doing like, I'll watch like the clips and highlights and still, yeah. I don't care. Yeah. I, I don know, I guess I, I love, I I I love sports, but I don't like, like UFC or the cars. I don't know anything about that. So like some, some in some ways I'm a guy in some ways. I'm a, a woman.


Yeah. I'm a total woman. I'm a total woman. Let we start it. Oh yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. I'm an Absolute Yeah, dude, We're in, bro. I'm an absolute total woman when it comes to sports. Yeah. I don't know. I wish, like, 'cause you know, I feel like, you know, like, like my Chris is Stefano by the way. Sorry. Chris is Stefano. What's up Baby? I doing here, by the way, I'm here with hungover with no hair product in. So if anyone's gonna talk shit about my, about my hair, you'd go fuck yourself from growing it out scumbags. 'cause I know what your fans are gonna say. They'll be like, oh, gonna say Anything. They don't, they're gonna, they're not gonna tell him about your hair. They're Gonna say they're gonna come on here. Your fans are gonna say, how could he be so disrespectfully comes on no hair product in a, in a Zara t-shirt. What kind of guy does he think he is? And I just want to say, you know what guys don't give a fuck.


There you go. The press also. Thank you for coming early in the morning, bro. I'm here, but we're dads A lot. Not a lot of comics exist before noon, bro. We're Up, bro. We're up. We're Hanging out. I mean, like, brought me up. I gotta, you know, I'm on New York time. My kids get up at, you know, what are we an hour behind here? Yeah. So I'm up FaceTiming with the kids at 6:00 AM getting yelled at by them, their mother. So I'm, I'm, I was up ready to go Road FaceTime's tough, Bro. Oh dude. It's tough. It's been, yeah, You cry on FaceTime, your wife's like, I go and you're like, I Know. Yeah. Hope you're having fun in your hotel room. Relaxing. You just masturbated you. Yeah. I'm like, oh God. I know. My God. My daughters keep, keep talk, keep calling. I'm like, I'm almost done. But you keep, you have a little window. You're like, oh, what's going on, Dude?


It's, but it's, I gotta be honest with you, it's horrible here. There's, you can't watch porn. It's like blocked in Texas. I know. So I'm like, I I, dude, yesterday I was jerking off to old SportsCenter clips. They used to have some hotties smack on old SportsCenter. I've got like Linda Cone, old Linda Cone. You gotta get Creative. You gotta creative. Yeah. You gotta get creative here. Yeah. So what do you do? Like, how do you get around it? Dude, It is funny. I mean, this is just testifies the theory that I'm mostly woman. Just erotic literature. I'll read like erotic literature online. I like that. Build a picture up in my head. Yeah. Or you can build, you can bust out like the old porn sites. Yeah. Like, like Xn xx. So those aren't blocked. They're not blocked yet. That's funny that they don't, the Texas doesn't even know those exist. Just blocked. Just the main one.


Yeah. It just blocks just the, that's like my, when I grew up, my parents blocked all the music cha music channels, but not BET. 'cause they didn't know it was a thing. Right. So I had BET. Yeah. Right. So you That's the only music channel I had. You could do black. Now I have, now I have a black wife. Dude. Dude, the thing they were trying to prevent, they created. And so, but wait, so did you grow up like hardcore, like rules, discipline type family? Oh Yeah. Big time. Like military? No. Was it? No. No. My parents had my, my dad and his brothers owned a trash company. Mm. But it was still, it was like Irish Catholic Super like church every Sunday. Right. Can't talk back. Right. See, not heard all that stuff. Do you do church still with your kids? No. I, I want to, I want to go. My wife grew up more like Baptist.


Sure. So, and I grew up in the Catholic church. Right. So I'm like, I told her like, pick a church. I'll go to whoever one you pick. Then I go to black church and I'm always kind of like, yeah, it's great. It's fun. But I just feel like an interloper dude when I'm there. Yeah. I feel like they can't go. I don't know. I feel like I'm kind of like a wet blanket on the party. Yeah. They're kind of like, we, we are accepting of you here, but we actually really don't want you here. That's The, that's the feeling. It could just be internally. 'cause everyone, they're Kind of like saying like, we actually come to church 'cause of what your people did to our people. So now the fact that you're here, it just kind of sucks for us. I, and I get that feeling and I feel bad the whole time. Yeah. And then I'm like stiff 'cause I'm holding down like Roman Catholic, like Roman soldiers. That's it. Dude. Straight. Yeah. My head stoic as hell. And like, they're having fun and I'm like trying to move my just fucking petrified body.


And it's just, it's uncomfortable. But I told my wife, I was like, just pick a place. I'll go and You'll go. Yeah. Why say, I always say like, I'm Catholic as well. That's why we got the big triceps, dude pushing down your gay, pushing it down. And I'm, I've been like this since I'm a kid. Do you put, do you put your butt on the kneel? Like when you kneel down, do you put your butt on the pew? No. So I, I, that was a big rule my mother had. Yeah. That was one of the most disrespectful things you could ever do in the presence of God is put your ass on that. You gotta be full kneeled up, butt tight. Wedgie in the khakis. You gotta be straight up. And if I ever lean back and put my butt back, my mother would point at me and yell. And I would've to get up. I Still get nervous. So I, as an adult, I'll go like, for like, with my family every now and then, like my mom.


And if I see like my wife hit her ass to the pew and I was like, I was like 35. Like, dude, get the Fuck. Yeah. Whatcha doing? I get nervous. I'm like, What the Fuck. Get your fucking ass off. Yeah. You can't do it. I mean, listen, there's rules in our church in, in Rome. I, I, I, my family's Puerto Rican so similar. They're more not Baptist. It's like, I think it's, is it the church of Latter Day Saints? I don't know what type of kind of school I It is a Episcopalian. I don't know Dude. It's one of those Yeah. They're always talking in Spanish. I don know what they're saying. I just know that their kind of church, when you walk in there, you literally think you're at like a Kill Tony show. Like, you're like, there's the band's playing. There's like StubHub tickets. Everyone's in a wheelchair and, and you're just like, what is happening?


Like, I almost feel like I need, I, I need tickets to like get into her church. Yeah. So, but but, but we've, what I've been trying to tell my kids is like, listen, this whole idea of like, if we don't, my mom had it where if you do not go to ev to church every Sunday or Saturday, five o'clock mass, you're gonna, you're doing bad. Yeah. You're gonna, you're going to hell sinning, blah, blah, blah. So I don't do that with my kids. I'm just like, look, we're gonna make an attempt to go to church here every week. And if we can go, I'm like, I'm just trying to get us to a place where we're not on our devices. We're not on our phones. You're not on your iPad. That's it. Mommy's off the spin bike. And then like, you know, we're all, we're all just, let's go to church together. And I will say that when my family's in church, like they are calmer.


Yeah. They are. Everyone like spirituality. I don't, I'm not saying whatever religion you gotta be, obviously. Except, you know, don't be the big one. Muslim. No. I. Just be careful, you know? That's true. Be careful though, if you're Muslim. 'cause you can get like hyped up. Yeah. You are the wrong sermon thing. Next thing you Know dude, obviously I'm fucking around. Yeah, exactly. Dude. There's no problems with being Muslim at all. But you can't like, don't go all the way. True. You know what I mean? True. But you want to go a little bit, you wanna fucking get in there. Dip, dip in, dip out. Yeah. Beautiful dude. What a beautiful culture and A corrective measure for your wife if you want to use it to like co completely dom your wife. I get That too. A hundred percent. Dude. Have her cover up 40 chess. Yeah. Love It. Be it because dude, these, these but Muslim women, dude, when they, I don't know if, I mean, you know, when they take those, that shit off.


I mean the beauty is Yeah. Next level dude. They're like, they're, they're look Latina to me. They're Latina with hummus. Yeah. True. Yeah. They're hum. They hummus Latinas and I love them. Yeah. They're they're beautiful babes. Yeah. Dude, I love babes that Austin, Austin has got so many. It's crazy. What we've seen. What Steve, Steve, my tour manager, Steve Chiney Eroni is is, is here in the background. And him and I have been walking around and Steve's a horny, horny guy. Yeah, I bet Steve's like a horny guy. I thought that when I met him, I was like a horny ass guy. Dude. Steve's the kind of guy he lives on above his mom's garage and like Long Island, like Steve's a guy that like, he needs to fuck And, he wants to jerk off. And it's like, cra and I don't, I allow it.


I'm like, do whatever you want to. Do You Know, his hair's blown in the wind in the back of his hat. Like, this guy needs to bang. And, and dude, and he's actually telling me that it's like hard to take for him. Like he's, he's getting like, yeah, because it's so much and, and it gets agitating. And for me as well, it's like you don't know what to do, what to say. You're like, 'cause a woman walks by her and you're like, I know I have a family, but I'm willing to throw it away just to have a conversation with her. Yeah. Because in the moment, I'm only alive once and this is what I need to do. I'm a man. Yeah. I need to do this. This is what my father wants me to do. I have to be, I have to honor our family name. And then you're about to go walk and talk to her, and then you see another one and it just keeps happening. And you don't know what to do. And they're not wearing bras. No, they're not wearing brass. And the, I've seen the outline of a hundred women's vaginas in this city.


I've been here for two days. Wheaton, Steve and I have seen 100 pussies. Steve, I'm sorry. You're suffering like that. So you're just chilling, just being like a rock. Just being like, Steve's dude. Come on man. Come on Man. Dude, Steve, Steve's one of these guys. He's like very punctual, always on time for everything. The last two days, dude, he's been late sprinting outta the hotel room hair soaking wet. And I know he was cranking it. He was having, he was having an episode. Yeah. Dude, he's been going What? Because this city, I mean, men and women, I mean, talk about a city like Austin, some of the most beautiful, we went to the gym yesterday and we saw five of the most beautiful women we've ever seen. Yeah. In our entire life. I mean, jacked, ripped, tip, top shape.


And the guys like me and him were almost like falling off the elliptical, which is like, again, women, we go to the women's parts of the gym. We were on the elliptical protecting our knees. You Gotta protect the joints, so don't Wear and tear. But these guys who were doing like the real guy shit, you know, ball slams and, you know, all that. Yeah. They're not even phased by this. Because I guess it just becomes a part of what It is in this city. Yeah. Yeah. It is beautiful. Even you dude, you, you, you were walking, you're like all jacked up now. Where when I saw you, when you living in Philly, dude, you look like Steven Hawkins. Slumped You are Like Slumped up. Dude, you were Slumped, but now you're like, beautiful pumped. You have babes. Get you pumped. Man. Dude, Dude. You've been lifting definitely. I I've been lifting a lot. Yeah. Lifting. I've been lifting a lot. Creatine. You doing a little creatine? A little bit. Yeah. A little bit. Right? A little bit of creatine. Did you get any, like, do you get any puffiness or is it just pretty much jacked?


I'm pretty puffy. I'm a pretty puffy dude. I was puffy before the creatine. No, but you look, but I could tell. But I Did, I did get jacked up. I came down here. I didn't know, I didn't know what to do with myself. Whenever I get like nervous or overwhelmed, I just start like lifting weights. Where Do you lift in, in, in your house? So, gotcha. No, I have a, I have an apartment I use as an office. So I like go there to write and I get outta my house. Perfect. And I have a gym attached to the apartment. And I just go like, By the way, that's the move is even if you're in a hap even, you know, obviously you love your wife, you're a committed guy. As men, we do need a separate apartment. You do I. just need a separate apartment. It, maybe it's my office. It sounds, maybe it's just a place that I just need to go and just sit In, take naps. But I do need a place where I need to leave this house. Yeah. Because our jobs doesn't require us to leave. You could write and do it in the House.


It took you the, the debate it took to get that, like, we have an office in the house. I'm like, I need to get out of here. Right. Every five minutes be like the landscaper's here. And I'm like, dude, dude. Yeah. I'm like, I, yeah. So I, yeah. I, I did it in Philly too. Smart. Get an apartment. It's, it's So, it's worth it. Yeah. And Everyone's gone while you're there. Yeah. Everyone's at work. So it's Quiet. And you actually get writing done. My, my family and my girl. Let me have same thing apartment. The only thing is she's got the baby cam that we used to use for our toddler. She's got it in my apartment on me at all times. That's the only thing. It does sound like a smash bag. It does, but I'm like, it's not, I swear to God, I'm just trying to write, I'm just trying to write about history in there. Exactly. I I, I'm literally watching like, you know, documentaries on General McClellan and she thinks I'm like banging, you know, women, I'm like, I, I swear to God, I'm watching fucking like Ken Burns documentaries about the Civil War.


Yeah. It's all I'm Doing. It's quiet and it's quiet. Yeah. And you don't need, you know, it's, it's, I think people take that for granted. Like, you know, you need some separation. Even now. Like, I hate, I really hate being away from my kids. I miss them so much. But when I'm away from them for a few days, I just feel like I come back and I'm just like a recharge better dad. Yeah. I'm telling, you know, I'm talking to my kids about little things. I learned And. they, because I'm like, if you just sit in that situation, I dunno. You just start to take for granted what you have. And then when I leave, I'm like, dude, I what a fucking life I have. I I beautiful kids or whatever. You know? I got, I got Steve on the road getting horny, getting horny. I'm like, what a life, dude. But if you just sit in your circumstances, then you, it starts to become, you start to normalize things. Yeah. And then you start to say, you start to think what you have isn't that good when it's actually all you've ever dreamed of.


Yeah. It's true. Man. I, I saw a, I was standing outside today and I saw this like, homeless lady just chilling outside and you, she was like inspecting the trash cans. And I'm like, chilling there. Like, just watching her. And I'm like, damn, dude, this lady, no one's giving this lady a hug. You so long You go up and do it. Thought About it. I tried. I said I gave her a really like, friendly good morning. I said good mor good morning man. And she just kind of like, that's nice. Looked at me. And it was cool too, because I'd never seen, like, she was quiet and she was like, you know, looking through the trash. And then I like watched her get activated, we're outta nowhere. She was just like, started like screaming. I was like, I've never seen, like, she was so chill. Yeah. And something happened where it was like, boom and it snapped and she just started yelling at somebody and just walked across the Street. Yeah. The the the homeless here are, are wild.


You know, like they're on some type of crank or whatever rolling around in the streets. Yeah. I I, I've actually never seen anything like it. But I will say they're not as aggressive as the homeless and believe it or not, in Glasgow Scotland. Glasgow Scotland. Yeah. Dude, me and the guy I work with, James Madden. Shout out James Madden. Is He horny too? Or? No, he's a horny dude. He's a horny dude. He's a horny dude. He's got, he's got a hairy back. He's like a horny fucking hairy back guy. It, yeah. Yeah, dude. But he's a horny guy. And he is. Got big dick. Shit. That dude lay the one. It's a dangerous combo. We used to call it on my old pod history. I knows Giannis, we used to call it the glue gun. This kid had a glue gun, like you could see it through his jeans. And it was like nuts. Really? Kids got a absolute peace. I've heard They're lazy lovers though. Big dick men I've heard are very lazy Lovers. Do You, Know. What It is, he doesn't know who his real father is, so I think that Oh, he's charged up.


Yeah, I think he's charged up and, and he's ha he's, he's grazed by his grandparents. So he's got like a lot of, I think he just tries to, he, he's basically fucking women and try to find his father. Yeah, true. That's, that's like kind of wild. If you're raised by your grandparents, that's, it's kind of like, you're like kind of wild at that point. But dude, we're out there and we went to this bakery in Glasgow. I wanted to go to this specific baker, I forgot what it was called, but they had like this kind of carrot cake, like muffin. I was like, I gotta get this muffin. Yeah. And we saw this homeless lady walking around. She was, you know, could fully see, but she had a blind stick, so she must have like, taken it from an actual homeless, an actual blind person. And she's walking around with this stick, like hitting it off the wall. And then we're like, what? This lady's fucking nuts. So I'm just standing out there, like eating it, whatever, dude.


She takes the carrot cake out of my hand and smashes it in her face and then swings the stick in me. I was like, whoa. Oh my God. Dude, me. And, they were sprinting down the street. That's insane. I was like, ladies nuts. So I, so when I saw that, I was like, Yo, when people ask me where's the craziest homeless people? I'm like, believe it or not, dude, it's Glasgow, Scotland. I've never seen anything like that. That's Such a wild assault. And just crushing it into your own face And then swung this walking stick at me that she didn't even need. And then she screamed something in like Gaelic or whatever, Scottish, you know, highland language, fairy language there, speaking at somebody else. And like, nobody even kind of moved now everyone was kind of like, oh yeah, that's just, you know, crazy. Damn. Susan You should have kept grabbed the staff.


I know. Yeah. Yeah. That's It. I guess I would, I would've been scared of that Situation, dude. I saw The only time I've ever seen. So what I will say about New York though, 'cause people, you know, shit on New York, oh, it's not safe anymore. And there's, right, I lived in New York. I've lived there my whole life. I never once, not one time in my 39 years of living did I ever get even approached by a homeless person or a crazy, it just, You're very subdued. Yeah. Didn't happen. But the last six dude in the last six months walking down McDougall Street, you know, like West Village, whatever, I've been a, I've had three homeless people that have to phy One guy I, and I never had to do, I had to do this one time in my life. And it was recently, I had to push him off me. 'cause He was like going like in my, I pushed him off me.


And, he fell over a pile of garbage. Yeah. And his fucking elbow landed in like a disgusting puddle. And I kind of felt bad, but I was like, what did you want me to do here? Yeah. He, why was he getting in your face? Because He's, they're crazy. They're like out of control and the police can't really arrest him. They can't do anything. One of my shove, all my boys are cops. One of my boys, I told him about this story, And. he goes, he goes, do you want to take my baton with you? I was like, that'd be fucking crazy if I just start beating back homeless people with a licensed NYPD baton. How'd it feel though, when he gave the fucking push? Dude, I gotta be honest with you, the way that I, 'cause I have a bad Achilles, but the way I was able to just kind of load my weight on the back and push, I kind of told my therapist like, I think we're outta the woods here. I think my Achilles is good. I That's all you needed. That's I just launched a homeless guy into oncoming traffic.


And I felt almost no pain in the Achilles. Yeah, You need that, dude. I'm telling you. That's all I, all I've been doing recently is just fantasizing about just combat. Right. Because it's like, there's nothing left for me to do. I went to ACL with my fa whole family. The Austin City Limits tour. Yeah. It fucking sucked by the way. I hated it. But I was there the whole time and all I wanted to do was just fight like a 24-year-old. Right. Man. Do You. are you into the U ffc? Like, can you do a little fighting? Can you handle yourself? I did do Juujitsu for like, like six months when I was going through a divorce, which was pretty sick. Right. Oh, you, this is your second wife? It is my Second marriage. Yeah. So I didn't know that. I thought this is was the first wife black as well? Yes. Nah, there you go. Yes, it's back to back. Yeah. But I, but the, but this wife is the, you didn't have children with the other wife. So I've never met the other. You're a current wife.


Yes. That, that's the mother of your children. That's okay. Yeah. She's great. Yeah. So how long did the first marriage last? About like, three years. Three years. And then what happened? Short in and out. I just Got crazy. My heart wasn't in it. Yeah, Your heart wasn't in it. My heart wasn't in it. So she wanted to stay, but you wanted to leave. Yeah, Unfortunately. See when that happens on the ma, that's a very difficult thing for the man to go through because it's worse when the Woman statistically doesn't happen a lot either. Which further theory that have a woman brain, most women initiate divorce, I think like 75%. That's what I'm saying. It's almost, it's almost impossible if the woman doesn't want it. Yeah. Then it's like, you know, then you got, there's nothing you can do. Yeah. But the once the woman says it's over, that's it, buddy. There's absolutely zero. You're, you can do nothing if you're a woman. If your wife comes to you, you know, fans listening at home and she says it's over.


Just don't even attempt. Yeah. Don't even attempt to fuck. She's, by the way, she's been, she's moved on with another guy secretly for six months ago. Yeah. Yeah. So just know it's over. Please don't even try. Yeah. Or what you can do is get back, start like a viral business TikTok and just do numbers and just absolutely crush her. A hundred percent. Dude, that's, that's all you can do. What did, when you told when the, how did you tell the first wife? Like, it's Over. It had been in conversation here and there, and then eventually like I, just I just wrote kind of reached like a breaking point myself. Yeah. It was just me. I just entered into a relationship like two Early. When you said you go, you go, what was her name? Oh, actually I'm gonna say her name. Yeah. Yeah. You can't say that. As soon as I, as soon as I said that was like, don't say her name. Yeah. And then, and then I was like, yeah.


So you're like, you're like, I just wasn't ready. It was like, I still wanted to do standup and then it was like I was being pulled into like, it was just over. Like the tomb was in front of the boulder. Like, you gotta enter the corporate world or like, career man, whatever. I couldn't do it. And then I had to just, I Had it go off. She goes, you must be out y'all god damn mind. Yeah. Pretty Much. No, they were like, her and her mother were really trying. And I tried. It was like kind of laughable. I believe it became like a personal trainer at LA Fitness for three weeks. Walked out in the middle of the session. Dude, that's What black women want. That's what they want in their white husbands is he needs to be a trainer at Planet Fitness. Oh, LA Fitness. Planet Fitness would be sick. But yeah, I just, I really tried it. For me, I'd never ever been in a relationship before that where I put any effort or cared at all.


Right. So, that was like a learning experience. Like, oh, okay. Like, yeah, I'm dealing with other human beings. I'm not like, this isn't like a simulation. The way you and your current wifi is really beautiful and you love each other. Because when I was Hanging out with you guys with my girl, I got yelled at when we got back into the hotel, because I don't treat her the way you treat your wife. He was like, she was like, you see how nice he's, you see how in love they are. You see how they have What, Where was she going off of though? I don't know. Just, I guess she saw you guys make eye contact once. Yeah. I was like, yeah. I wasn't even next to that. That a lot of that too is women. I've noticed that. And I've asked my wife, I'm like, when we're standing there And, they go gimme a kiss when we're in a crowded place. I'm like, What. the Fuck is that? Yeah. You're not, that's not for like me or you. You're doing that for something else. Yeah. Yeah. Well, she's doing that to Peacock. 'cause she thinks other girls are looking at you.


She's like, so this is, this is my Gimme a kiss. It's my guy. He's a trainer at LA Fitness. Former. Yeah. Former Former dude. Former. Yeah. It's, I always wondered about that. 'cause they do, they are like comparing a lot, being like, like what? Because I, that was, I wasn't really affectionate towards my wife that night at all. Yeah. I was doing it on purpose. I, I wanted to come off like, cool. So I was pressure, I think. Well, no, but even I noticed, I was like, oh, these these two are in love. Yeah. Yeah. You could, you could feel that, you could feel like this wife if this wife's gonna be a forever one. Yeah. Unless you kill her, God forbid. Yeah. That would be, or God willing Yes. Or killing. I dude honestly, like, I would rather get broken up with than initiate the breakup. Oh my God. Initiating the breakups. The, the worst. It's For real. The worst. All the guilt and the weight of the world is on your shoulders. And you have to be, you have to just deal with it.


I, I really think it, it's like, I mean, it's like killing them. Sure. You're, it's like you're killing a person Yeah. On a level where you're just like, we're never gonna see each Other again. And was she like, begging you, like, please, like, don't do this type thing. No, it wasn't like that. It was just sad, dude. Yeah. It was so sad because I had my mind made up and there's nothing I could do. Yeah. It's so sad. You get To a point where you're just like, well now I've reached the deep, I'm, I'm off the other side of the fucking deep end and there's no coming back When, you know, you know, that was all for my, for relationships for me. It's like, I would just try desperately just to get posted. That's all I wanted to do. Yeah. And then next thing you know, it's like, okay, now my life's conjoined to this person. And then I would just try to figure out how to get out of it the whole time. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And then like, yeah, then I got married and I was like, oh shit.


And then it became this whole thing and I got to like finally live with a woman and really like Yeah. See them. Yeah. They would just kind of like, you'd get a girlfriend And. they would just materialize. Yeah. And you're younger and you're like, oh, sweet. We're at the movies. And you'd be like, We Try to get some pussy. Yeah. And then you started like, when your life's conjoin with a woman. For me, it was such a learning experience to be like, okay, like you guys have this whole wide range of emotions. Right. And, you know, that was Dude I was reading about. And it, that's all societal too. Like what one, like I was reading about what, what, what the hell was like, was it the aardvark na It's not the aardvark Native Americans Aardvarks an animal, but it's something like that. It's something like Aardvark Tribe or something like that. But they were like an old school tribe. I think they still might be around today, but like, when they were like 18 hundreds.


And their whole belief system was so opposite of what was going on at, you know, like, like the European settlers. They were like, you know, they thought it was crazy men and women to marry one person and to only raise your own children. They, that was like a foreign concept to them. They're like, no, no. What we do, what the women do here is the, the, the men fight for who's the strongest guy. And then they get to fuck the strongest woman and then they fuck And. they, that one gets pregnant. So she goes away and then the next one steps up and you keep fighting. And then they just, that's Such a good idea. But, and then you impregnate them. Right? And then here's how it works. Are the women fighting too? Or are they doing No, The women are just there. The women are just there Now. Are they Gauging their strength?


I guess just like, I guess the men are fighting and doing all types of things. But then like, oh, I get, I mean, I'm sure the It is just who's the hottest? Yeah, it's the hottest. The guys are just like, that one who's got the biggest tit That's just all It Is got strong tits. Yeah. So like, when you get all the way down the list, you're like, fuck, what am I even fighting for this over this pig? And so and so. But, but so, but so, so the guys would fight whatever. And then here's the interesting thing, number one, you know, have the baby and then that baby, it's not your, it's, it's not your and hers baby. It's, you created that baby together, but it's for the village. And the village raises it. You know, like it takes a village, whatever. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, so, so there's no mono monogamy is not And. they don't, they not only do they not believe in it, they think it's actually bad for society.


They're like, why would you do that? And then with like abortion and stuff like that, you know, it's obviously a, a, a a thing, you know, big debate, whatever. And guilt. And I get why, of course. But this culture, if they, if you say you impregnated like the top lady, right? And then she's pregnant and she's watching you over the next few months and she's like, this guy's actually weak. He's not as strong as I thought they had this potion of herbs and spices. They would abort the baby. Oh yeah, dude. They would abort it. And it was like, it was not even shameful. The guy was shamed on like, you, you did that. Oh, motherfucker. Fuck, dude. Oh. So he re that's fucking, Yeah, dude. Yeah. Abortions are kind of guy's fault too.


Yeah. A hundred percent still. Yeah. Still to this day. It's kind of like Yo bro. Yeah. Oh Yeah. She, she'd have like lifted a log in front of her. Yeah. You sure you wanna fucking do this? Yeah. I've been on the sidelines for a couple of 'em. I'm like, dude, this is me. This is me. My fault. My fault. My bad Dude. I should be stronger. Yeah. My, I should have dude that If you're, if you saw your wife or the lady I guess just sipping the potion, I'd be like, oh fuck, what did I do? I'm such a fucking little bitch. Yeah. I wonder if you could, so can you enter back? Do you gotta wait until the pregnancy to enter back into combat? Or can you just enter back into the ring and just So that? I don't know. I, I gotta do more research. 'cause I kind of just read that point. And then I just put the book down. I was like, I gotta find this tribe. If this tribe Is still active, You should go there.


Dude, This is where I Gotta be. This You should go there and be like, and then, you know, when you're there and be like, dude, What the Fuck. I had it. I'm in. I gotta, you know, I can't like other myself from the culture. Yeah, dude, just have some kid On there. I gotta follow the lead. But like what? 'cause when you start to look back in history, it's like this whole idea of like, no, I, I get why Monogamy's a big, I get it. I really do understand. But I'm like, oh shit. It's just like the pressure that society puts on you in our, you know, we got puritanical society here. Like, you know, those pilgrims were kind of, you know, zealots, witchcraft, all that shit. Yeah. But like, you go to Europe, dude, if you go to Europe and you're in Italy or Spain or whatever, and you just like, one of you like, bang another person. It's like, not the, it's like they'll be mad at you, your spouse, but you're not gonna get, like, you're not gonna lose your marriage.


Yeah. You only lose your marriage if you fall in love with another person. But like, you can definitely go out and bang Yeah. People that's like, not a big problem. It's crazy. It's not a great thing. Yeah. But I don't think it's like, it's like you go, it's like you go in a strip club with your boys, like your wife would be like, What the Fuck are you doing? Yeah. Same thing with banging a chick. They're like, what? Are you serious, dude? Yeah. Come on man. Don't do that, asshole. But if you're in love or they find texts, like Yeah. That's the bigger deal. The emotional affair. Yeah. If you're like, I love you so much. Yeah. I, I knew someone who was, who got caught sending like Beach boys lyrics that they're lover over, bro. That, That'll get You. That's love that song. That'll get you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I was sending hall and oat songs to this girl. I was like, You are ha ha no touch.


And then my girl's like, dude, you got, you have to move out. Yeah. They, They, they sent, wouldn't it be nice lyrics be nice. It's like, dude, you're fried. I know, man. It's It is, yeah. I think about it a lot. Especially once you like, because when I was younger, I'd always be like, you'd hear about a guy, like a pizza shop owner would just like bang a cashier. Sure. You are like, how the fuck did somebody do that? And as you get older, you're like, the current of that river is pretty strong. Hundred percent. Your toe into that a little bit. Dude. I'm like, I see how you get carried off. Yeah. You get a boom. I, I got a, a friend who's a doctor, And, he, you know, he's happily married. Great, great guy, whatever. But He was like, dude, the amount of doctors that bang the nurses on these overnight shifts. He's like, it's literally like, it, it's the most stereotypical thing. Like, the nurses know this, these guys are married or whatever.


But it's like, and it's always the same thing. It's the, it's the male doctor and the female nurse. Yep. And. they just, fuck. Yeah. And. He was like, I think it's because He was like, it's one of those things where like, you know, we're around so much death Yeah. In, in the hospital that I think, you know, somebody dies, something tragic happens and then your body, you start to get hoing. 'cause your body is like, oh, oh, I just saw a death. Let me create life. Yep. Type thing. He's like, so I kind of don't even, I get it. And doctors are sex. They're like a sexual fantasy for women. Oh yeah. Like there was like, er, they're like, they're like, one of the things, there's like firefighters doctors. Yeah. That's like one of the things women see and get horny for. Dude, my, and they're like the boss in the thing, you Know? Yeah. Dude, my boy the doctor, he looks like a golf club. He literally, his head is all fucked up.


He look is got, is got eyes are like that. He knows. But he looks sick. But every girl's like, I love, he's so hot. Oh yeah. Yeah. They just, because he's a doctor. Dude, I, I, I feel I've been in hospitals before. Yeah. Just like when people are sick and I'm kind of like, dude, I get, I feel a tension. I'm like, damn, this is a very sick Oh yeah. There's a bunch of nasty nurses running around. Dude, I remember my grandfather like, you know, passed away. He had a stroke and his nurse, she was like, you know, you know Latina kind of, you know, she wasn't like a smoke show. Yeah. But she was hot enough and just 'cause she was caring for him. I remember I went in there one day, And, they was scrubbing him down. He's like, shit, his pants And. they were scrubbing him down. I was getting fucking horny while this nurse was just scrubbing down my grandfather's bare ass. I was like, oh shit. I love this because, just 'cause I don't know what it was.


I was like this, she's a caretaker. I want to scrubb by Nuts. Yeah. There is something about that. When the nurse comes in, they're really sweet. They are like, that does get a guy like, As well. Just Like gr women that care. Yeah. You're just like, oh man, I want that. You know? Yeah. But then our minds go to these fantasies and then they're like, you know, you create these fantasies with like, other ladies, like, oh, my life will be like this. Like, I just want a lady to like cook for me wearing, you know, an Eli Manning jersey and making me pasta every weekend. And, they just kind of just, you know, sucking my dick and just letting me watch the game. I'm like, can I have that man? I'm only gonna live once. And my dad's like, are You, are you stupid asshole? Yeah. Know. Yeah. Yeah. You can't, dude. You are like, it's, and then also too, the fantasy never matches. It's always as soon as you know. Yeah.


Eventually it's gonna be, that's just a lady like bristling. Just like, what? And you prepare for it now. 'cause my father did gimme good advice. He was like, well, let tell you something. He goes, I, you know, when, when you, when we're out, He was like, you know, I'm, my dad's 76 now. 1776. Yeah. Best year dude. Every, by the way, every single passcode on my door phone, any four digit code is 1 7, 7 6. It is how I roll. I know Sono has their door code. Yeah. That's like, so if you ever wanna rob anything from me, just know go 1776. And then if it, if that doesn't work, it's 1812 war of 1812, baby. Well, it's sick too when someone like, yeah. What's your door code? And you're like, 1776, obviously. Yeah. I I I I'm not a communist, bro. The Fuck's wrong. Yeah. Yeah. And every pass code is like, you know, baseball, USA Yeah.


Hot dogs, the United States. What is what? So what was the advice, your father? So My father, Six Father gave you, he goes, He was like, you know, He was like, when you, you know, as you get older, He was like, your brain doesn't change. Your body changes. So He was like, when I, when you and I are are standing in the video store, this is how old of an example it was, it was like, okay, we haven't done that in years. He's like, when we stand in the video store, he goes, and you see that hot 25-year-old girl walking in. He goes the same way. Your brain says, I'd love to bang that girl. I think I got a shot. So does mine. Whoa. He goes, my brain, my brain hasn't changed from the 25-year-old man I used to be. He goes, but then I look in the mirror and I see what I've become.


He goes, and it's really messes with you. He goes, so just don't, don't think. So his point was, He was like, you know, right now he's like, I'm 75, I have diabetes. And I basically, I have a useless dick. Yeah. My dick doesn't work at all anymore. Yeah. He's like, I haven't banged your stepmother in 20 years. I'm like, great. Nice. Yeah. So he's like, he's like, but no, my brain has not changed at all. Yeah. So you have to prepare that this struggle that you're going through, this will not stop your, your brain doesn't get every old guy you see out there. They wanna bang the young women. They just can't. Yeah. So you have to just accept what It is. And You are this is, this is the, this is like what kind of your sentence is of being a man through this world. You Have to Yeah. You have to like practice not getting pussy almost in like a Buddhist Type way.


Yeah. Just being like, it's going. It is also one of those things that will fade. So you do have to Prepare for it. I know my, my guy who I work with a lot is like, you know, very like zen guy. He was like, listen dude, you're gonna be away, you know, for a week. He was like, I'm telling you, you try not to masturbate. Like, just try to like channel all that energy. Don't man, I know you're gonna be alone. It's hard. I was like, you know what, I'm gonna do it. I swear to God I'm gonna do it. I walked through the airport, the Austin airport, and I saw five pussies in Lululemon pants. Like, I saw the outline of five. It's full vaginas. And I, it's crazy. I jerked OFF at the reception desk. I checked in and just started cranking it. Dude, It's the, the, the camel toe is crazy. I was talking to my wife about it recently 'cause she was going out in the exercise gear.


She was like, did these look right? And I was just kind of like, yeah man, you don't have to hike them up, your pussy. Pull 'em down a little bit. Yeah. But she's like, well I don't even care about that. I don't even think about that. Yeah. I'm like, people think about that. Yeah. That's like you, I see those and it fucks me up for like four minutes. I kinda like, fuck. Yeah. She, I see nipples emerging in like a pussy print or butt cheeks And the ass. It's, it's crazy dude. And I'm telling you dude, I'm not gay, but the men too. Yeah. Like their legs that they have on these guys with the tattoos on the quads. I'm like, I get it fellas. It's crazy. No, it's crazy. I wanna fucking, let's, let's hang out. Just running by a river. Yeah, Dude. It is shirtless. Yeah. We don't gotta like, do anything gay. But you want to, we get a coffee or something? Yeah, Just talk. Yeah, Dude. Just talk. I was asking guy, I was asking random guys like, do you wanna come to my pod tomorrow? Just shoot the shit.


Yeah. It is, it really is like beautiful men and women. Yeah. 'cause A bunch of colleges, there's, I think there's like a bazillion five different colleges. There are. Even though, you know, I've, I've, I've said it, I've made it clear that I, I thrive in the original 13 colonies and that's where I wanna be comedically my life. I will say there's way more beautiful people as you start to come west. The original 13 colonies were not the hottest bunch. No. You know, we're not, we got some hotties. We definitely have some hotties. Well, Didn't they like send out like the people who were like the first wave of just like prisoners and peasants. They like shipped out here against their will of Europeans. Really? I didn't know that. Yeah. So they would just take like prisoners from England and just like, people who were fucking up and be like, Yo, you're going, you're, and then they came out here, they promised 'em like, we'll get your wife.


We like whole new, you know, new, you know, new man, new you. And then they started sending out like whos, they would like arrest women for prostitution and throw 'em out and send 'em out here and be like, these are your wives. And half of 'em would like die on the way. You just get like a skeletor come off the boat. Just disgusting. And the dudes were pissed. They're like, don't give us fucking whores. We want like, we want, you know, mom and apple pie. Yeah. So yeah, it was just like criminals, And. they just like had people till the land and just die. Yeah. For like two generations. Dude, I read this book. Do you ever read it was called Island in the Center of the World. It was about New York City. 'cause you know, before the British, when it was like just the Dutch, this author Russell Russell Shorto. Great. It's like an amazing read because we only know, like I, even me in school, I've only really learned about like what British society was like.


But dude, Dutch society in New York, new, well they called it New Amsterdam. Dutch Society. They were like in the 16 hundreds. They were as woke as we are now. Dude. They had fucking no, no slaves. Everybody was out there fucking everybody. They were having parties dancing in the streets, like a beautiful type of culture. And then the British came in and were like, you know, rules like shit got puritanical. Yeah. Quick and kind of like lost the fun. But the whole idea. But that, but this idea of like America, like originally was suppo was this Amsterdam idea of like, this is the pla Like they want New York to be like Amsterdam, like smoke weed, prostitutes everywhere. Yeah. Just chill dude. And, they wanted that to spread across the country, but instead it did.


Yeah. They got the British idea that British law and order New Yorkers too valuable. All right. On the sea, right? Yeah. It's like, yeah. So no way. So you just, you know, dude, tonight you just look at your wife and say, why don't we, why don't we be Amsterdam tonight? Yeah. Let's instead first dude, let me get freaky. Yeah. Well here's the thing. I going, what? Your dad said it, there is something too. Like you have to, because by default it's like I'm going to build up this program of like seeking pleasure. It's like I'm gonna, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get pussy. I'm gonna do this. This is gonna be awesome. Like your dad's saying that fades physically. Sure. So you have to build a bank of like non bodily pleasure. Yeah. And if you just fucking, if you just fuck your way through life, you just destroy everything. And you're left just like ridiculous. Dickless at the end. Dickless and alone, we're all ridiculous. We're all going to be dickless. You gotta build up like a Yeah.


Ridiculous safety plan where you start to like, enjoy like walks. Yeah. People in your life. Oh yeah. Dude, my Just sucks doing that. 'cause you just want to come really hard. Oh, that's all I want to do. Yeah. My, my, I I take like, you know, especially with kids, you know, now I 14, nine and three, but like, you know, so three It is like crazy. Yeah, right. It is, she's the cutest, but it's like legitimate, like lunatic, terrorist person. But, but so, but so what I do now, and my dad gave me this advice. He was like, you life isn't for you. Now it's gonna be about little breaks. You, you, you're not gonna get an hour long break, most likely. Like, that's just not gonna happen. What you gotta do is five seconds. He said, so when you, you know, your 3-year-old, you know your daughter, like, she doesn't wanna get in the car seat. You gotta fucking jam her in there.


I'm like, basically like I'm putting in like juujitsu moves just to get the safety belt on and the three point harness. And so, so I do it And He was like, and then you shut that door. Don't just run around and go right into the driver's seat seat. Take a nice ten second walk around the car. You have 10 seconds alone. Take a breath, take five breaths, and then get in the car and drive like little resets. And dude, that's like the game changer. That's where I just take, take these little, 'cause the, the bottom line is like, there's times where like, I can't, I can't meditate, I can't just sit there 20 minutes in the sauna meditating 'cause I'm just gonna jerk off. Yes. I'm just gonna break it and just start jerking off. So instead what I do is I say, you know what, let me try to take an hour a day if I can, an hour a day just away off my device.


Just like, go for a walk. Just do something. And like, that's what I'm counting as meditation. 'cause to just sit there for 20 minutes with my eyes closed, I literally will just start jerking off and I can't do it. Yeah. And then it defeats the purpose where at least this way without, 'cause I, I'm reading all these studies now where it's like, we're constantly excited. Yeah. From the phone to the screen to this, to that to the kids, to the life. But like older people, like they had long bouts of like no stimulation. Yeah. Like get, get bored. It's like, like go get bored somewhere. Yeah. And that's kind of how I Yeah. Think about it. Well, apparently, so your brain, so there's a thing called EEG habituation. So like, you know, if if like a naked lady walked in here, our brainwaves big, but if it happened every 10 seconds, your literally your brain habituates to that stimuli.


So then you just like, it's nothing to you anymore. So that they say meditators have like long-term meditators do have, it's almost like childlike EEG habituation where they like, they can see a tree. And it's like that like, like a kid looking at it like, whoa. Right. But if you're just kind of just like jamming shit in your face all the time. Yeah. It's nothing will excite You. Do you meditate? I Try. I used to be really good at doing it and like really like good about doing it. And then yeah. I just completely, I I always be like, I don't get how people say they can't like, sit down and just meditate. Now I've hit a place where I can't do it again. I don't know what happened. You know, I sit down and I just start to freak out. I'm like, I gotta do this. Well, Are your kids, You're trying to start now doing it again though? Are they in school now? Your kids? Yeah, The one, the one is the four year old's in pre-K. And the 2-year-old is like, she goes like, what, two days a week?


So you, so I'm saying you have a couple days a week where like you and your wife like, don't have the kids for six hours. Yeah, we have Six hours. We have, we have a babysitter come during. Oh, so you've got some time. Yeah. That's Good. I have time to work, but then I, I have to just get so much stuff done. Yeah. Yeah. But I've been trying, the walk is good for me too. If I do a nice long walk. It's like, I think that's just, that counts. It does. It definitely does. But it's like one of those things, it's like you just feel gay as a guy going for a walk. You know, like just, I kind of always just feel gay too. Like when I'm pushing my kid in a stroller, I'm like, dude, just let me hold you. I know. I, I let me hold you like a football. 'cause I just feel gay. I feel gay stroller just like going for a walk. It's gay. It's gay. And I, I wish it wasn't, I wish I felt like more, and by the way, I'm, I'm not, I'm not even disparaging gay. I think gay is, being gay is powerful. True. But I, I guess I kind of just feel like more feminine.


You Feel like you're appropriating gay culture by taking walks. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm, but I'm, but I'm okay with that. I, I like walking gays Walks. I like taking walks and, But, and you don't feel like, like less of a like a Guy? No, not walking. Okay. Because walking you feel almost like a holy man. You feel very like Ned out and blissful and, yeah. I need, and every, every great man would take it. Constitutional. That's true. So it's like it's poor for the course. Keeping a journal, all the things you think are gay, keeping a journal, not gay. Yeah. Every great man kept a journal. Yeah. And you take it constitutional Dude. Even if you go back to the founding fathers dude, you think throwing on a pair of pantyhose is gay. Look at our founding fa dude. You think were they all cross-dressers? Go look at old pictures of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. They're in literally high heels shoes and pan heels with wigs on what?


Like, these guys are my dream. They had those like thigh things in. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Those were men, dude. They were put wigs on and pantyhose and high heeled shoes. And they'd be like, smoking ccb D That's what we're gonna do, bro. We're gonna take over this goddamn country. So for me, I look back at our fathers and I'm like, dude, if they're doing it, yeah. Let's get wrong. You know? Yeah. Taking walks definitely isn't gay. It's a shame that we've been made to believe it's gay. Yeah. Because they just want you on the device. Yeah. That's what it, they, but then it's like, I do like to listen to music while I walk. Right. 'cause I've try to just be like, no music, no nothing. It's kind of like, but Sometimes we gotta like really reconnect. Like I think sometimes for me to, like, I got, I wanna ride a horse, you know? Yeah. Like just get on a horse and just fucking go down a path. That'd be nice. That'd be sick. That'd be nice. Yeah. Hold your baby too. I feel you on the baby stroller. 'cause there is the part where it's like, you feel like women see it and they're like, oh, that's so sweet.


But then it's like anything they like is gay. Yes. It's like, I wanna just like hold them by their foot. Like a dead chicken. Yeah. Like Achilles. Yeah. Yeah.


Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's 100% pure nicotine and always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like the mom and pop shop of pouches. Have you ever heard about Breakers? It's pouches that pack a little something extra inside. If you know your pouches, you know that the nicotine doesn't hit immediately and either does the flavor. The geniuses at Lucy came up with a brilliant way to fix both those problems. They put a mini liquid capsule inside each breaker's pouch. Here's what you do. Grab a breaker's pouch and break the capsule. Yes. With your teeth. It makes a really satisfying pop. Put it in your lip and enjoy the immediate nicotine and flavor release. I mean, doesn't that sound great? Just biting on crystals, letting 'em drip in your mouth. I love it. Okay guys. Visit lucy.co/drenched and use promo code drenched to get 20% off your first order. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified. Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Guys, lemme just tell you right now about True Classic. I mean, I genuinely like their shirts. They were sent to me for free. I hung 'em up in my closet thinking whatever. And I will say, when it comes time to put on a shirt, I go, Ooh. My true classics. I like wearing 'em. They fit me well. Designed to accentuate your best features. True Classic shirts are tailored for a perfect fit. Snug in the arms and chest with just the right amount of room in the midsection. True Classic sells premium products in an affordable price. You can get their best selling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more in three, six, and nine packs. True Classic Activewear becomes essential for workouts and vacations alike. Their activewear crew necks offer moisture, wicking, quick dry and odor control. Pair them with their super soft stretchy joggers for all day. Comfort Fall is here. It's time to step up your game right now. You can unlock big savings when you bundle packs. Just go to my exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash mssp to save. That's True Classic dot com slash mssp. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today.


PrizePicks is the best way to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. You just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 100 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks. I mean, dude, you guys know how I feel about this. I love getting in on real money Sports Action. You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks with as little as four correct picks. PrizePicks is the best way to get action on sports in over 30 states, including California, Florida, Georgia, and Texas. PrizePicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy. So your lineups stay in play even if one of your players gets injured. If your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return, PrizePicks keeps your lineup live. PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. Join over 10 million users and sign up today. PrizePicks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out. If your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money. Even if one of your picks doesn't hit, sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need a win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday, PrizePicks discounts. Select player projections up to 25%. Provide even more value for your lineups. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


But yeah, It is, I don't know man. It's, it's tricky dude. It's very tricky. A lot of I see here more so I, I think like young women might be just like feeding the life force from like homeless people and like dads here, a lot of the dads here Right. Present as gay. Sure. Like I, and I think something happened where I think people have, like, men especially have reached like, I feel like educated kind of men have reached inside themselves and killed this switch where like, they just become like, Well dude, it's weird dude. It is Like, dude, come on man. Especially Us as like, you know, like comedians. Like our, our world is a little like, you know, the older school men are like, what do you do? Like, they don't care how much money you're making or not making. They're like, what are you doing dude? Go build something. Yeah. Go like work, go to a factory.


Yeah. And I, I feel like, 'cause you know, I'm not like a guy at all. Like I said, I don't know my, I don't how to build or do anything. So there's a lot of times like my kids will like, walk out the door of school and I'll I just will lift up the hood of my car and don't even know what I'm looking at. Just so they can check it out somewhat. My daughters and I'm just like, you know, have a good day girls and I'm, but I'm just, I'm kind of just like doing the Macarena just building Memories. Yeah. Like, Yeah. I'm just, I'm just rolling my arms. I'm going like that. I don't even, I have no idea be, but, but like, anytime, like I see like, but I even, even though it's weird 'cause like it's my, it's actually, you know, our careers to kind of have this time and to create whatever. But like when I go into a coffee shop at like 11:00 AM on a Tuesday and I see a guy there on his laptop, I'm like, What the Fuck are you doing dude? Ah, dude. It's just go to work. Yeah. But meanwhile I'm there to ride in my laptop.


Yeah. But I, I'm mad at Him. Yeah. Get outta Here, dude. I'm like, dude, like, you're, you're so lame. Go, go to you gotta go to fucking work. That's why I like Chinese dudes. That's why like, I, I, I talk about it on stage a lot. It's like, you know, with play dates with kids. Like I ha I, my daughter like has a, there's a Chinese kid in her class and I love, I I hang out with him and his family because like, first of all, I've never met his, every other parent is like available for a play date at 2:00 PM Yeah. The Chinese are not those, they're working Mom and dad work. Yeah. And the grandparents watch the kids. That's just how the culture is. Yeah. They're like, you're not, there's no work from home in China. There's no hybrid work. They're like, no, you're gonna go to work. We fucking, they locked their people in their houses with Covid. Yeah. They don't give A fuck. They have now they have afterschool stuff for the kids.


'cause the parents work so long. My brother was telling me this. A lot of like the Indian and Chinese guys Yeah. Are out work families. Mom and dad work. Yeah. Super long hours. So after they go to school, they gotta go to an afterschool program where they continue to learn about like science and shit. And the parents come up back at like, probably like six, 7:00 PM This is what happened with the Nazis. You know, they were just fucking, you know, they just came out School, School, school, World school building, shit. Blitz Craig came out in 1930s and just steamrolled motherfuckers. I know. And that's what's gonna happen with China. They're the ones working. Everyone else is like having fun, having sex, getting STDs. Yep. And not, not the Chinese dude. Yeah. I I We still will crush them. I think so. But I think we'll destabilize, we can destabilize 'em I think pretty easily.


Yeah. Because there's that whole like, middle coastal, there's like the middle portion that are poor and peasants in the coastal elites and like Yeah. That's their whole history is that middle portion. Yeah. Coming in fucking people up, becoming the coastal elites. And, they just kind of go back. That's what It is. Yeah. You know, it, it's a Chinese culture. Chinese history. I a little, I've like, not a lot I've read about it, but it's, it's still a mysterious land as far as I know. Oh yeah. Dude. The great wall Full of mysteries. Yeah. I can't even understand it when they tell me about it. How they just built a wall throughout the whole country. I'm like, why it's so dumb. They'll just climb it. You shoot missiles over. Look at My chair. Just fell down. Look at this. Do you see this? My chair just fell down. The Chinese fucking remote Chinese government.


They Remote controlling my chair. Hold on. But yeah, I think we're like currently destabilizing Russia and once we get done destabilizing Russia, we'll probably turn our sites on China. China. And that's the only other really, like threat, powerful threat, Right? Yeah. I mean, I guess, I guess, yeah. That seems like, yeah. 'cause I ran, who cares? North Korea doesn't matter. Not a Problem. I I, I've read, there's a good book called the Next a hundred Years by George Friedman. I forget the guy's name, but he like laid it out And. he like, he wrote it in like the early two thousands And. he was laying out like the, you know, Russia, Ukraine thing. He was like making predictions like by, before 2030 there they have to go to war, they have to fight each other. Russia has to take back Ukraine, blah, blah, blah. Really? Yeah. That's what was his reasoning? Why they have to take back Ukraine?


Because like, they just need like a buffer, right? Like you can enter, you can just be right into Russia from like, in all those other points. 'cause of those like NATO countries. Sure. So you can just march right in and Ukraine, you can just kind of like, that's their one weak spot through Ukraine. Right. Because the other parts are kind of like hard to get into. Right. But that, like, if you leave whatever that big city is, Kiev, you can be in like one of the big cities in Russia. So do you think Russia can be, is gonna beat Ukraine? Like, No, I don't think so. You think Ukraine is just like a porcupine? Like they're just, I I think, well in the book, He was like, it's not even about winning wars. United States just needs to destabilize any other power. Oh, okay. You don't have, you don't have to win the war. You just have to fuck their economy up so bad that like it throws 'em off, but It's gonna, that'll destabilize them for 20, 30 years. Right? Yeah. Like, we're not gonna be able to go to Moscow as American citizens probably ever in our life.


No, probably not. Yeah. And well, the problem is too, Russia is going through the population decline. And that was a big thing in the book. Like, this is their last time we'll have all these young men. Right. It's gonna be a huge population dip. Right. So if we can kind of like fuck them up now by 2050, they're not gonna have like enough young. So We're in the driver's seat big time. Yeah. Like We're, according to this guy, you know, I believe him. People say China's gonna take over, but He was like, not not gonna happen. He's, he's like, he, he believes that Russia and China will collapse and then 2030 will be like the 2030s onward. It'll be, you know, It is kind of been Right. He was like, the 2020s are gonna be so tumultuous, like very bad. But then like after that there's gonna be a presidency around like 20, 30, 20, 34. And they're really gonna like figure it out and Unite us all have A new era of peace.


Because his thing is that, God, I hope I'm still selling tickets then. I know. Fucking Great. What, take 20, 30. I'm fucking 40 now it's 20. Oh dude, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna suck. I'm gonna be like in my fifties. Yeah. Imagine how fun that I'll be being 50 and you see like, that's true. 25 year olds and you're like, shut the fuck up. Fuck up. Yeah. My dumb kids like, shut your mouth. Yeah. Oh God, I hope that happens. Yeah. 'cause it does, I do feel, I do feel like sometimes somber, like, I'm like man, like I, I I romanticized like the late nineties and early two thousands. Like, you know, obviously nine 11 was bad, but like, I dunno if you remember like 2007, 2008 was awesome In college. Yeah. It was the amazing times. Yeah. Everybody was having fun. And now I'm just like, everywhere I look, I'm like, it doesn't seem like people are as happy as they were.


Certainly not as free as they were. Yeah. And I'm just like, I'm That's hopeful. I what the next a hundred years I'm gonna get that book. It's pretty Good. Yeah, it's really cool. They, and the big thing too, they say like, these are just cycles, like every 50 years It is like a 50 year cycle where like, someone passes like a, a huge like, seminal policy. Like, you know, I, I don't, I can't remember what I'm gonna say. Like Roosevelt did that whole thing, whatever, whatever his big policy was. Oh, the Will carry a big stick. Yeah. Whatever, whatever the lucky he did. But that'll solve a bunch of problems from the previous 50 years. But then 50 years later, that policy will cause problems that it takes 50 years to figure out Right. And solve. Which then will solve those problems. Air of peace. And that like, policy creates new problems. It's just a never ending cycle. Never ending, Ending cycle. Never ending cycle of kind.


Right. And if you guys want any chance to stop the cycle, do the right thing this November. Yeah. True. Wait, where are you at in November? Come to Comedy On State in Madison, Wisconsin. No, I know. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't know. People are obviously all bent outta shape about who's gonna be the president. I'm like, I don't know that it matters as much as you genuinely think it does. Yeah. Yeah. I think it matters just for like political unrest on people crying, whichever, whoever wins. But I don't know. Has you, have you ever really genuinely felt a genuine difference? Whoever the president is? N no, I've never felt it except for Covid when we got locked in and there were people being like, let people out versus let people in. That was the only time I've ever been like, but then you didn't have to do it.


That was the other thing I told people like, you didn't have to do it. Yeah. Yeah. At least not in America. I mean, dude remember like, they were like, oh, you're gonna need like a vaccine card like forever. I was like, I don't think You are. No, I had a fake one. Sure. It Was easy. Dude. There was a pizzeria in my neighborhood on Third Avenue in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. That was like literally, I swear all you like, you like the people that knew knew if you ordered, I think it was two pepperoni slices and garlic knots come in six. If You are like, oh, can I get two pepperoni slices and half an order of garlic knots? And you kind of just like gave a look. They knew that that meant give that to you and then you would give them a hundred dollars Bill And. they would have a fake vaccine card in the, you know, to go back for you. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. It was like a whole like, it was like a a like a, a system they had. That's pretty cool. And people were getting fake vaxxed all Day.


Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, bro. Yeah. My wife made 'em in our basement. Yeah, It's great. But do you ever think, like, do you think the government cares anymore? You think they're still looking for those people? Or, or just they can't Dude, they didn't give a fuck then that, that really was a, I think that was just like a huge effort from the pharma companies who had people paid Right. In in Washington. Yeah. Because that was like, they can do a thing where they're like, and again, for some people who wanted it, like, get it, I don't care. Like fucking two year olds didn't need it. That was the one thing where like our pediatrician was like, well you don't have to do it. I totally respect that, but there's a higher chance that your kid might die. And I was like, okay man, no, there's not. Get the fuck outta here. Yeah. Stop it. That, that to me was the part that I was like, this is ridiculous. Yeah. Give it to the geezers if it works for them, cool.


Yeah. But like, dude, I don't need this. I'm not, I don't fuck, I don't take Tylenol for headaches. So I'm like, I'm not taking that. Oh, you just Power through. You're that guy. I just Don't, I don't like a lot of like medicines and shit. They freak me out like pills, all that stuff. Interesting. So what if you get really sick, you just ride that fucker out? If I'm like super duper sick, then I'll kind of yield and take like a little something. But even then, yeah. I like to, what I would do if I get like a fever, I'll take a really hot bath and I spike my fever that way. 'cause then it, old school, the fever is what like is your immune reaction. It's good, Dude, I like that. You go, oh, you put leeches on and just suck your blood out. You go old school colonial Medicine, dude, that, that was the treatment for cancer. Leaches. They were giving no, no fevers. They were giving, they were spiking fevers. Interesting. And it kills like cancer cells.


Like it fevers are good for you. Of course, dude. But you can't get too high 'cause you can have a seizure. Yeah. So if you can keep that thing at like 1 0 2, 1 0 3, getting a hot bath. I, just burn it out. Dude. You're right. You get right to that. That's you edging yourself. But if it gets dry, kill yourself a fever. Right. Right. To the point of seizure. But did you ever try to jerk off in a hot bath? No. Impossible. Why? It's just the hot water fucks with your nuts. Oh. Because you know what, it's probably because when you get hot water, it's called va vasoconstriction is what's gonna make your dick go a vasodilation that they, what It is, they open up everything go, blood pressure goes down. That must go Down. It is, I can't come in the bathroom. You think it'd be a glorious session, but it's like you Just can't Do it. Can't do it. Yeah, I know. I that's, I've actually never, so the way that I jerk off, I don't jerk off.


Kind of like most people like this. I actually lay my dick. I kind of sandwich it between my stomach and my hands. You're a pressure player. Yeah, exactly. I just, I kind of just push the base of my dick in top of my balls to just kind of shoot it out. So I can't ever jerk off standing up regardless. I'm always laying down. I kind of make a little pussy for myself. Yeah. I, that's what It Is. It's kind of nice. It's Kind of nice dude. 'cause I, I don't know why when I was a little kid, like the first time I ever like jerked it or like, you know, masturbated or felt that I I just was rubbing, I was like basically like rubbing a pillow on my dick and balls. And then I think I just stayed that way. That's how you do it. Yeah. Like I've never, I've almost n I've, I could, I don't think I've ever went like That crank. You never cranked it? I've never cranked it, dude. It's probably, that's awesome.


Yeah, it's Pretty sick. I just don't do it. I do it a different way. And I bet you that's implications on me mentally and like, I'm just like a different guy because of it. I Think you're better off though. Yeah. Because that is, there is something gay about like, gripping your member and like Yeah. You know, you're just, you're just fucking, I'm doing, I'm different and I'm just built, I I just, that's the way I roll. And then I shoot into my belly button and you know, it's over. Yeah. It's kind of just like, whatever. Dude. Have You ever got caught, ever got walked in on, I Got, walked in on, my mom caught me once. That was bad. I never forget. She was, she was walking in from the local pizzeria and she had brought me like mozzarella sticks and a chicken bacon ranch slice. And she had it like on, like she used to dude until I, I, I moved down to my mom's house in my mid twenties. And when I was literally like 24 years old, she would bring me food on a New York Yankees like dinner tray.


Oh. That's like, she would just give it to, and like, it'd had like this setup, I would just like lay on my bed and it was like a little table. And she had that New York Kengi baseball tray with the food on. And I was just rubbing It. And you're in there just like, yeah, I was, I was like, And, and so, and she literally, she was like, I like, she like went like this and she was like, just slammed my door and she was like, your food's outside the door in the hallway. Oh. So I had to get it like a fucking inmate just like, you know. And then dude, one time she found one of my VHS porn tapes. It was bad. Like we used to pass around a VHS porn tape. Yeah. And she found it. I just left it. So I used to put it in, I had this documentary about the original USA dream team.


So I would, and I I, I was such a like a little loser kid. I was like 12 years old. And I wrote on the cover of it, I said, I want to go to the NBA like a loser. Like in Sharpie. You're Good at basketball though, right? Yeah. Division three. So that's Good. But yeah, I guess. And so, and so, so I, I had put the tape in that dream team thing. 'cause I was like, my mom never looks in that. And then my mom, for whatever reason was like cleaning my room one day when I was like at school. Or it was the weekend, I don't remember. And she popped that fucking tape and thinking she was gonna be a documentary on the dream team. You probably read, You probably saw your like quote was inspired, be Like his goals. I want to get my son a basketball hoop. There's a lady like, ugh. Oh yeah. And it was just this Colombian lady with a full bush just getting piped, screaming shin Spanish.


And so I got home that day. 'cause like, it was a big deal. Like, you know, we, we didn't have cell phones back then. Like we would when my, me and my boys were at the park. It was like, who's got, we called it the Spanish porn. Yeah. Like who's got the Spanish Porn? We had the Spanish fly It is called Spanish Fly 14. Yeah. It circulated all around. Awesome. Yeah. Circulate. And like you, somebody would bring it and then it was like a big deal. It's like, okay, you get it for a week. Then Frankie gets it and it's like what It is. And so when I came home one day I was, you know, wasn't even thinking about it. Came home. And then it was literally, she had smashed it into like 20 pieces with a hammer. And she wrote a, she had my mom loved post-Its, and she had a post-it on it. She, and she wrote, get this filth Yep. Out of my house. Yeah. And I was like, oh shit. Yeah. And then so I had to tell the guys, I was like, my mom smashed that fucking porn.


I just brought it back in like a pile. Just proof. Yeah. And. they were just furious at me. They were just furious at me. They were like shooting paint balls at me all summer. Well my bro, so my brothers would go to like the adult section at Blockbuster and steal the porn tapes. So it was like a serious effort to get a porn tape. So Yeah. If you got smashed, it'd be like, bro, What the Fuck. I know. And now I'm Risking life and we're risking risking freedom to fucking Get these things. Do you have boys or girls? Girls. I have two girls. Two Girls. Okay. I was gonna say like, I'm actually happy if you had a boy or like for the boys of that are living in Texas. I'm actually happy that the porn is blocked. Yeah. 'cause then they're gonna go find adventurous ways. Just like we had to kind of get porn any way they can. So I kind of actually respect what the governor's doing here. I do too to block the porn. He's doing it so the kids can have more fun and be more adventurous and Yeah.


If you want to get kids, if you wanna get kids creative, which is a big problem we have. Block the porn. I Think so. Too. Big deal. Dude. Kids don't go in the woods anymore. No, but they will. They're looking for, they have no porn to watch. Yeah. Dude. That's it. That's where we found everyone found it out. I think it's funny, I think John Mayer did standup once and his bit was that porn? Every kid finds porn in the woods originally. Yeah. It was pretty funny. Pretty Funny. But that was true. That was like, that's where we found porn. We had to go to the woods and you would just find it and be like, fuck Yeah. You got porn. You find like, you know, people would go have sex in the woods. Yeah. Yeah. You Find I find a condom. Sure. First time I found a condom in the woods, I went home and just beat off. That's it. It was just I just saw you used condom. And I was like, I gotta jerk off, dude. He's crazy. Someone fucked here. I was like, I gotta, I Gotta go jerk off. You gotta jerk off. I know. God. I know the littlest things.


And now it's like, now it's like the thought of using a condom It is like, what am I fucking dude, IRA crazy. Do you have sex with, with a condom? It is like, you're having sex with the condom inside the girl. It's like, just go raw. Go home. Like, dude, if You are gonna do it, just do it. Do It. Dude. If you're scared, don't do it. Yeah. My whole thing is like, you know what man? Like, you want to go and fucking make a horrible decision and, and go, you know, cheat on your wife. Don't be pussy about it. Yeah. Go in, come back with a another kid, a disease. Like really get fucking in there. Yeah. Show your kids that you can overcome anything. And Also if you're gonna go cheat on your wife and wear a condom, it's like just jerk off dude. Yeah. Just jerk off. Exactly. Don't have condom sex. It has to be something where it's like cream Pie. It's gotta be cream pie. A Waitress fully, dude. Like, and Just sit there for like eight months and be like, Yeah, How am I gonna break this to her?


Yeah. Like every, like you have to go through the full spectrum of suffering. Yeah. A hundred percent man. And Then once the kid, I feel like you almost want there to be a kid as a result of the affair. Yeah. That way it kind of softens because then it's like, yeah, what are we gonna don don't fucking punish this kid. It's What It is. And it's also like, here's the thing, I, I forgot if it was Giannis or Joe De Rosa, somebody said something to me was like, you know, you, you go out, you have unprotected sex with a girl. You do the crime, you do the time. What's gonna happen now is you got, you have your sentence is two to 25 days in two to 25 days, a disease will pop up or a baby will pop up. So like, so like, or a girl will pop up being crazy. So you do your sense. And if you can get through a month, if you can get through a lunar month. Yeah. True. With no issues. That's What they vol.


That's what they Revolve around that, that's what they say. So you do the crime, you do the time. You're not gonna get outta this scot free. Yeah. You did the crime. So now, now it's time to do the time. You gotta do the time. And so that's how it would kind of just calm, we'd calmed the rosa down. Like He was like, all right, I'm doing my time. And then he would text us like, all right, I'm out. I'm free baby. That's what you gotta do, man. Yeah. It's fun being a guy. It is, It is, I would, I would not want people think Oh, easier being a woman. No sir. Dude, It's fucking sucks Being a guy. I've, I've literally, so me and my wife have Aura rings. They like track your biometrics. Oh great. And I, I can't stop talking about this because it's like a revelation. So we went, we both went to sleep one night at like, like 9:30 PM Great night of sleep.


I woke up, my readiness score was like 89%. Yeah. Got me a little crown above it. I'm like, yeah, thanks. Hell yeah. My wife slept the same time. Her readiness score was 50%. Whoa. Because the period Interesting. Like their body temperature elevated, like they're fucked up man. So she woke up not in a good mood, then she's not ready. Terrible mood. It's like my 50% is if I'm out like drinking all night and I'm hungover. Right. She did all the right stuff. Went to bed, all that stuff ate right. She could cut back and cold things, but, but no dude, she is, she like did everything right. It was, and then like, woke up in the morning 50%. I was like, your period fucks you up this much. She's like, yes. That's what It is. Their heart rate's elevated and their body, it's like they have a fucking fever.


I was gonna say, every, every month your wife has to take Tylenol. I'm sure she's feels op. She's gotta pop a Tylenol. They're like Crackhead with, they take everything You have to because it's cra Yeah, true. Imagine every single month you're just sick. Like you Get fuck. Yeah. You are like, fuck, fuck dude. And it's like, so that's, and then there's like the time leading up to it. You're You are, you're cramping. Yeah. And then you're just like, fucked dude. Yeah. You are like psychologically gone. Yeah. There's like 10 days out of the month. I, I try to break it down to 'em like one third of the month. Yeah. You're fucked. That's why like when you see like what Kaitlyn Clark can do, you're like, that lady's doing all that on her period most of the time. Yeah. Like she's absolutely crushing everyone. Yep. Not feeling at all with a 40% readiness. Come On. Are you talking about her playing basketball or fighting black ladies?


Both. Yeah. Both I think. But it's just like, she just puts it on everyone. Yeah. You know, like, guys don't have to do that. Like, it's impressive what Steph Curry does, but he's, he's never had to do it bleeding from his dick. True. I Didn't think about that. Playing with your period. Yeah. They all have to. That would be nice for, if I was a betting man, I would try to get the inside scoop on who was on their period. Yeah. Or like, Kind Of nice playing some of them playing, like not even knowing they're pregnant yet and just dealing with like morning sickness and just fucking come every in them. Do you? And they're just killing it. Do You think that And the team probably sinks up, so like, a hundred percent. Some teams are, I I think if you win the championship, everyone sinks to your period. Dude. So one day why they do so one, IIII believe that. Yeah.


That's what they're playing for. That's what they're playing for. So I, I remember once I was on a flight from India, from, I think I was going from New York to Indianapolis on like, you know, I was like a, it was like a shitty fucking, I like American Airlines, like small shitty plane. Yeah. And the New York Liberty got on the plane with me. I guess they were playing maybe the Indiana Fever or, or what, I don't know. Yeah, yeah. And, they, and the, all the, all the women got on the plane. And, they sat in the back of the plane and the head coach at the time was Bill Lambe. I dunno if you know Bill Lamber. He was like old coach of the Detroit old player on the Detroit Pistons. Like And. he was just sitting in first class, like laid the fuck out. And the girl, the women were like, you could hear like some of the women being like mad in the back.


Like, I'm sitting in the fucking back coach. It's up in the front. But he was just laid out, chilling, legs out. And I, and I, that got me thinking like, he probably has to deal with like these women sinking up on their period. And maybe that was one of those days where He was like, I'm getting the fuck away from these ladies for two hours. And I'm just sitting in the front of the plane and not dealing, not dealing with any, He's got an eye mask on. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I, I would just be, I would be having to run suicide. So they came with that period energy. I'd be like, on the line, get out, running out. It's so, dude, I mean, I, well now we're both gonna have to family and we have daughters. We're all, you know, way outnumbered. It's like, you know, none of my, my kids are still too young, but when that happens, yep. It's gonna get fucking bad. Oh, It's crazy. It's gonna, I had a maintenance guy come up to like my, my office apartment And.


he was like, I was like, He was like looking around like, where's your bed? And I was like explaining 'em, like, this is what I used for, he has two daughters and his daughters are like teenagers. Yeah. And. he goes, bro, like for real, like, you might wanna stay here. He was like, when they all He was like, when the wife and the two daughters sink up And, they start, he's like, bro, for real. Like, get outta your house. It gets bad. He's like, you're just, you're not, just get outta there. Dude. Last week, you know, my daughter's only nine, like last week. Like, we were having like a regular day. And I said, and I said to her, I was like, okay. I was like, she was like, oh, can I, can I have a snack? And I was like, I was like, oh, like mom's gonna cook dinner. So like, we'll eat in like an hour, which I've said to her a million times. And she goes, oh, I guess I'm fat then. And then walks up the stairs and slams her door. And her mom was like, she might be on her period.


It might be starting, let me go up there and talk to her. Oh. And then she talked to her and I don't think, I don't think it happened. 'cause I, they wouldn't, yeah. The thing is like with, you could tell me that my daughter's on her period, and it's like, what can I actually do? Nothing Really. So like, if you just tell me to go to the store and get it, like there's no real Yeah. There's no real reason. The mother has to tell the father that their daughter's on their period because it's like, okay, yeah. They, so what am I gonna do for that? Do you want me to go on the road then? Like, she, get the fuck outta here. Yeah, just leave. Because you can't talk. You can't be like, Hey, how's your period? Yeah, yeah. That's all, that's just, Yeah, that's mom stuff. But when she said that to me, like, oh, I guess I'm fat now. And then slammed the door and I was like, holy shit, bro. That was like the first instance where I was like, my little kid daughter who's like, you know, was like one of my bros is now like, becoming like a young woman where I'm like, oh shit.


Like, I gotta be careful what I say. Yeah. Now I gotta be like, careful, careful. You know? Yeah. And she would just kind of get, she gets on me, she's like, why don't you ever hold mom's hand? And I'm like, oh, my What the Fuck. That's Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We, so it's gonna happen. We got in an argument one time and my, my, I have a 2-year-old and a 4-year-old. And like, I, like, I was like, I went outside and sat on my steps. I just like fucking And. they came outside, like the neighbors were outside. They both came out and they're like, be nice to mommy dad. I'm like, will you do shut the Fuck up? Yeah. Yeah. Get the fuck. Yeah. I know. Because My daughters don't like it. If I'll like grab my wife and like, I'll like, I'll give her like a big kiss. My one, my four year old's. Like, dad, stop. She does not like it. Okay. She's like, no, she doesn't like the affection. She, Yeah.


She, she's like, come on man, knock it off. Yeah. I don't know. It's really weird. I mean, every kid's different. Maybe when they get older a little bit. Come on. That is funny. Like, hold her hand. You are like, all right. That, that's enough outta you. Yeah. She's, I know. I mean, you know, and dude, the drama, you're gonna see like, you know, my, my again, mine's in fourth grade now, the older one, like the, the the girl drama. Yeah. With school. I mean, she's been to two different schools and she's had two mortal enemies that sound like the exact same girl in, you know, 20 miles away. I'm like, okay, so it's you, it's my kid. That is the problem. Just fucking causing beef with everyone. But then it's like the girl drama. So it's like, will, you know, like my, my daughter told me, you know, like, oh, this girl, you know, she's doing this to me, she's doing that to me, blah, blah, blah, blah.


And you know, like, what should I do? And I'm like, well, you know, of course honey. Like, you know, like just, you know, obviously tell the teacher and you know, don't get physical, whatever. And then her mom's advice is like, she hits you, you hit her back. Yeah. You slap her, you pull her fucking hair. Do not let that bitch dominate this territory. It's kind of, I'm like, these girls are in fourth grade. Yeah, dude. But that's how women are, women are like, like I took it as there was a problem. I'm like, okay, all good. You know, like, it'll be fine. You'll work it out in school year, whatever. And like already, like my, my, my girl was already had already messaged the school and that kid's mom, like, we're having a meeting knocking the fuck off. Yeah. Like, right. Like women are, and then, and now the the two, now my, my kid's mom and this girl's mom are like fucking enemies dude, at pickup.


It's bad. Really? And I'm like, so now it's one of those things where like, women are loyal like that. Like, you fuck with me. Fuck with the whole family. Where guys, I'm kind of more like, yeah, we could get into a fits fight and I do your podcast tomorrow. I don't care. We'll just get over it. But women, it's like, that's it. Well, the the, the battlefield's so much more complex. Oh yeah. It's like, for real. We do like caveman warfare. They do like modern warfare of like PSYOPs A hundred percent. Like Destabilized friend groups. Certain fucked up dude. And it gets like really dark. Like they'll like throw a party just so they can throw, take pictures of it and put 'em out and then not invite one person and the whole thing's just to fuck this one lady up. One girl up. Yeah. And. they can do it. And it's, it's just devastating, man. Just devastating. I know, I know. I mean like, I feel like, you know, it's, it's, it's interesting being around so many, like, women in, in my life because I'm just like, man, like you really, if they real, if, if if, if the, if this country elected more women, we, I think we would actually be a more vi I don't think we even understand how vicious America can be.


'cause we haven't had a woman yet. It's insane, Dude. Yeah. If you read, I mean, Hillary Clinton kind of got the job done. Oh yeah. She's in there doing some stuff. She didn't give the fuck. Yeah. It would be, they were so much more vicious. It's like unbelievable. Yeah. I, and it's, it's scary. It's terrifying. I think Abraham Lincoln said like, what was it like, I forgot the exact term, but it was like, hell has no some something. He was basically Like a woman scorned or whatever Woman scorned It is like, no, you know, like that. No, It is basically hell, whatever. Yeah. And I'm like, even he knew And, he was gay. And He knew. Yeah. Well that's a problem with women leaders is you'd have to have like a strong team for that like 10 to 12 day period outta the month where they're completely fucked up. Yes. And. they You are, I don't know why we can't face that as a reality. Yeah. It's like, you're powerful as hell.


Let's just use that as your incubating period. Like right. Chill. Yeah. Like we keep I I just feel bad. Like, why are we acting like this doesn't exist? Yeah. It's not a slight on them. It's like, dude, I would be fucked up too. Of Course, dude. It's chill. Even the trauma of childbirth, dude, my, my girl raw dog, two childbirths just fucking pushed those fuckers out and then got up and walked. That's crazy. Like a couple of hours later she was walking with no pussy. It just fell out. She was just with just an ice pack on it. Being like, all right, what are we gonna eat? What do you guys want? You want eggs? Yeah. The childbirth. The childbirth is a gear. You see them in that you're just kind of like What. the Fuck. It's Crazy. They do have, they, I think just through nature they have a more, the highest threshold of pain.


Yeah. I mean way higher threshold than a man could ever have. Because I mean, think about that one. If that happened to you once in your life and you had to do that, I mean, you would die. We would all die. Dude, talking about your butt hole getting this big. That's Insane. That would be fucking Crazy. Even worse if it came out through your penis, that would be sick. Just a finger through your penis. Like, Oh, fuck. Yeah. Yeah, man. So when I see like a, when I saw like the two childbirths, I, it was like one of those things where I was like, okay, the, the, there are like, they're, they're more powerful. They're stronger. They, I know physically they're not. But like, mentally is the thing. And it's like, I can't even compete at all. I cannot compete. When my girl starts asking me questions, I'm fucked. I tell the truth.


I'm, I'm, I'm a truth teller. I'm like right away You Can't lie. Yeah. You can't lie. I used to, I used to try to lie and then the anxiety and pain I would sit with. Yeah. Where I was like, might as well just tell the truth now. 'cause she actually already knows. Yeah. And they're gonna figure it out. You can't lie. If you think you, you can't, like women could, they could get away with it so easy. But like, if you try to lie to a woman, it's like it's, they're going to find out. Yeah. I don't, they can just look at you and be like, you motherfucker. Yeah. They can tell you're a piece of shit and they're good. Like, dude, they'll, they'll like, I didn't realize like they'll even on Instagram, like they'll kind of look at your, who's liking what of your things, looking at their profile. I don't even know how to do that on her. Like I have no idea. Even access that information on Instagram. And she'll That's a good point. She'll know like followers who like something from weeks and weeks ago. Yeah. And then has their whole profile locked and loaded.


Yeah. Dude. And it's like, oh, did you know Stephanie go to your show? Yeah. I'm like, what? What? Who is that? They're like, oh, well she has an interest in Austin, Texas. I've seen from her interests on, you know, what, on her LinkedIn that I've tracked. So it hypothetically it makes sense if she came to your show. Yeah. I'm like, I don't even know who she's talking about. You See the, you see the person like, damn, she's smoked. Yeah. Fuck dude. She, this girl's awesome. She's, I saw a pussy in the gym. Thank bringing Her Thank you for bringing her to my attention. I know. Well, that's the other problem. It's like that, that's how they go overboard. It's like you'll bring up all these girls and I genuine, I genuinely have no idea who they're talking about. And then she'd be like, how about, you know, did, was this girl at your show? And then she'll send a screenshot. I'm like, no. But then I'll have fucking Steve be like, can you DM this one?


Give her tickets. Jerk off this picture. Yeah, Steve, here you go, dude. Yeah. I mean, you know, I I just It is complicated. It's the most complicated time complic and like, dude, you know, in our dad's time, it was like, there might've been like two hot ladies you knew of. That's it. And you'd be like, damn, that lady's fucking hot. Well, we also have access to every woman on the planet. I mean, don't get, you know, don't forget a hundred, 200 years ago, you only knew the people in your village. Yeah. So if you had, you know, hopefully you got the smoke show in your village. If you didn't, you settled for like the one, like the kind of looked like Herbert, she had like a limp. Real imagine if there's no babes from like birth to death, that's A reality. People lived in. You never saw a babe Zero babes unless you had babes in your village.


Indeed. A babe in a village was probably crazy. Do You, Know. I read a thing, I forgot. It wasn't in a book. It might have, it was like a article where sex, like how we've kind of like made sex like a sacred taboo thing. Like in the medieval times, like that was sex was because it was so animalistic. Like you would just watch your parents have sex and think of it as like, you know, your dad's doing pushups or something. Like, it was just a thing that mom and dad did. They had sex full bushes. Yeah. And then you would have sex. You would have sex like in front of your wife's family. Like it wasn't a thing that was taboo at all. Yeah. I mean, to consummate kings and queen's marriages, they would've sex in the bed and the the Yep. They, the wedding party would stand around the bed and just watch this girl get fucked. I That's awesome Dude.


And, and, and there's so many fascinating things in history. I read this thing, there's this book called Fucking History. This guy wrote, he calls himself the captain. He's a great author. Kyle Creek is his real name, but he's Kyle, the Captain Creek. He's dude, he wrote this book Fucking History. It's like one page things where he talks about like something from history, but then kind of gives like a modern spin on it. It's a fascinating, I would read That's awesome. Page a day. I love this guy. And so I read this book about, read one of these pages about France, like midi you know, 1600, maybe 1500 France had this thing called you, you, you know, obviously you can't divorce, you could divorce was like unheard of guys would just kill their wives. So, but the, this one town in France, they have were like you, they're like, you know what, let's do divorce court.


They're like, if this lady, you really want divorce lady? Okay. So they would say, the only way we'll ever grant you a divorce is if your husband can't procreate. If he can't get it up And, he can't fuck you. Basically, then we're you're good. Yeah. Yeah. So what they would do is you would file for divorce and then you would have to go to divorce court. And at divorce court you would come out, you and your husband would come out and there'd be a row of judges and like noble elites. And you'd, you'd have to basically bang your wife. And if you couldn't come in an allotted time, they'd grant her a divorce. That's Imagine, imagine if you jerked off that morning and you're just like, Fuck, I didn't know what was today. I forgot. I forgot yesterday. Yeah. Or you're just, oh damn.


Yeah. And then you're just gonna get divorced. But here's the, but the caveat was you could divorce your wife, but then like once she was like, once she was like, not your property anymore, you could just kill her with no repercussions. What? Yeah. You could just murder her. Like out in the field. Could You fake a cream pie though in court? Be like, oh No. Do they So that have to be like, let's see. No, they a hundred percent. They had, people would check to see if that shit's dripping out and you could be like, no, I swear I did. She's gotta wa a deep pussy so far. Yeah. I let it fly, dude. Come back in nine months. I promise. Yeah, I know all that bush to get through. Oh dude. It's like a stern judge just scowling at you. Fuck you just with his wig on just looking. You're trying to fuck your mean wife. Yeah. Who wants to leave you, Who wants to leave you.


Yeah. So it's like, it's crazy how, you know, the world used to be man. Yeah. That's out of fucking control. Yeah. Yeah. They, they had to make it sacred because it's just so important though. 'cause then having sex leads to creating life and if life's created willy-nilly, then like, no dude, no one's taking care of the kids. It just becomes like a fucked up Situation. And at that point it's like, dude, you need to have kids. 'cause I need people on the farm. I need people in the army. We're trying to take over Holland and whatever other country, dude. Exactly. You know, we gotta do shit. So like, we need you to start pumping out those babies. Yeah. And I kind of get how, like back in the day if you know a woman couldn't, you know, produce a baby, they're like, well, she's a witch. Let's burn her. Like, get her outta here. We don't want any of this. We don't want the other women. Yeah. They were Huge drain on the economy. Oh yeah.


Big because you didn't work. So it's like if you couldn't produce a kid, there were people would be like, Jesus, Christ. Did you ever read that thing about the Salem witch trials where like scientists have went back and think that it was, it was because of a weed that was growing. Yes. You ever see that's nuts. That like, ergo it's like ergot. It was like a, a mold, I think ergots what you make LSD from, but it's like a mold that was in there and it fucked every whole town, every The whole town. It fucked the witches up. I just Scared about that. I think about that. I'm like, dude, that could happen. That would be terrifying. Because why couldn't that happen today? I mean, and you just wouldn't know about it. Yeah. Like, you know, like It's, get a little Dude, we might, we Probably start tripping every now and again off like food supply stuff. Oh, a hundred percent. I mean, yeah. Have you ever like, you know, like I've, I got really into like intermittent fasting, which I gotta start, I kind of kind of lean back off now because I posted a video of me the other day trying to promote my shows in Texas.


And all you fuckers told me I had small calves and I looked And. they, they kept telling me that I skipped leg day and I'm too skinny. I have a big head. Fuck you dude. It's like, it's like you're damned if you, damn, I'm trying to get healthy here and like you're still shitting on me. I bulked I, I like started lifting and eating a lot and then someone hit me with a comment like, when the bulk becomes a Hulk and I like, I was re like, I got like a real pot belly. Like I got fat still Right now, but could you look, it's gone. Lean, Lean. I did a two day fast. I got rid of it, I got crushed. I was like bulk and bulking and then I just, I was like, oh, damn it, I'm fat. So I had to like bulk it out. I, I got up to like 1 96. And that's like a, that's too for me. I'm like 180 6 Now. Oh, 10 pounds makes a difference. Yeah. Big difference, dude. You got the back. That's what it's your, yeah. You got back. Do you do a lot of back? Yeah, I do a lot of, I do a lot of lifting, a lot of back, all that stuff. So You lift heavy when you lift?


Not too crazy. I would, I don't lift heavy, but I just kind of like, focus on just like focus on like the exact muscle group. Yeah. So I don't wanna like str like hurt myself. Right. But it's all Time, Under, Tension, the weight doesn't matter that much. We were talking about that yesterday. You rather have, Joe DeRosa was, we ran in his apartment yesterday, And. he goes, he goes, yeah, I go to the, I, I don't go to the gym. I just workout here. I was like, okay, what do you do? He goes three times a week. I do 40 pushups, 40 curls and 40 squats. I was like, like, like sets of 40. He goes, no, I just do four. I do, I do three, four sets of 10. I was like, are you an old lady? Like what, what? He's, He's working out from a, like a guy from like 1942. He Said, he told me, he goes, he goes, I have no desire to have an A plus body.


I'm happy with a C minus body. Yeah. That I just don't want it to be a D or an F. So That's what he Does. Like, that's what he does. But, but, but we were telling him like, dude, you only have 20 pound dumbbells. I was like, if you just change that to forget about the number and you just did one minute, like slow curls, Time, Under, Tension, you'd be a fucking monster. Yeah. But he is like, I, I don't wanna do it. I'm like, if, if you took you, you take 45 minutes to do this bullshit. But if, if you took 15 minutes and just did the timer detention, you'd have a better workout the last time. I know, yeah. I know people who do that the same thing. They always have those weights with like filled with sand. Yeah. I'm like, What are you doing? No, but that's yesterday. We went to the gym and I was just doing like six seconds down. Yep. Hold it for two and then explode up.


Yeah. Six. And I was doing that fucking sick. That's all you need to do. Yeah. You don't need, I don't need to do heavy weights. I, I ended up hurting myself. No, no, no. Talking about attention. That's the move. Yep. Oh, what the hell was it what we were talking about something before that though, was getting to Something. Oh yeah. The witch trial and them hitting like Dr. Eating the bread. That fucked them All up. Eating the bread. That fucked him up. But then there was something else, damnit and then we started talking about the gym. Fucking, Yeah. Fucking in front of the judge. Fucking in front of the judge. But there was something I think we was gonna talk about with the witch trials and I thought, yeah, I don't know. I don't remember. I don't Remember. But you Yeah. You were saying we could kill women. If a woman divorce you, you can kill her. Right. Killer witch Trials. We just got into getting a pump. We got two enthusiastic dude. We got I know. Pump dude. Did you work out yet today? No. I, I took two days off. So I, I had a stomach virus and then like, it just crushed my appetite, obviously.


And then I, the day after, I, I didn't, I didn't eat for two straight days. Zero. Were you puking or shitting? I didn't puke or shit, but it felt like I had to puke. Oh, okay. So it was like, I held it in. I I hate throwing off, dude. Me too. I will not, I'll go like, so I just laid there like supremely nauseous. Right? Like a day, then fasted the whole next day. So I did like a 48 hour fast. And then like, but I know you're supposed to like, you know, break it in softly, I just fucking like, pigged on like fucking, like potatoes and shit. I know With like queso. I I just, I shouldn't have done it. And then my stomach was fucked up from that for like two days. Of course, dude. So I lost like 10 fucking pounds. So you haven't Eaten in like a week? Really? I haven't had a lot of Food in like, about a week. But now You are gonna fuck shit up today though. Today I'm gonna fuck shit up. Actually no. I have to do, I have to several podcasts today, but right tomorrow, dude.


Actually I gotta fly tomorrow, dude. Thursday afternoon. I'm gonna absolutely fuck shit up. Where Are you going this weekend? Cleveland? No. Yeah, I'm going to hilarity Cleveland. I love Hilarity. You've been there before, right? No. Been First time. H Oh, this is your first time on the road going through everything pretty much like headlining on your own? Pretty much. This is the first I started like last year. Yeah. Because I did a whole stretch of shows and then I did that one special. So this is like, I'm still, there's still a lot of clubs that are new to me, so Yeah. Polarities is awesome, dude. I heard it's really good. Dude. You talk about eating, you want to some of the best comedy club food in the country, dude. Brick Oven, pizzas they bring out. Yeah, the owner's great. There's Sam, Nick that the food that they bring out. It is an old school Greek guy. Oh, that's cool. Cool. That they fucking bring out whatever you want, dude.


It's amazing. And that it's got like the beautiful comedy club. It's like, you know, balcony. And then they got like a la like a cabaret room in the back that, that's one of those clubs. Like, whatever you want, they'll, they'll hook it up. That's cool. I'm Excited. I'm Excited. Good people. And then You are, you stay at the hotel you stay at, you're probably staying at the, you're staying at the hotel that the comedy club gives you? I think so. Yeah. I think so. Dude, it's like an indoor, it's like the first indoor arcade. Like what? They used to call like a mall, I think in America. Oh, so like you're, it's one of those hotels where like you open up like your door, but you're like inside, like on this elevated, like, you could like look down in like a indoor courtyard. It's, it's a sick hotel. That's awesome. But it's crazy. When you go to Cleveland, you'll see like the block where the comedy club is and where your hotel is, is there's three blocks. I think it's called East fourth Street.


That is all of Cleveland. Yeah. Yeah. And then on everywhere else, It is like, there's nothing happening at all. It's just crack. Yeah. Everywhere. Yeah. But that block where You are, that's all you gotta, all you gotta Do. That's Indianapolis. I was in Indianapolis, I stayed across the street from the Pacers Arena. Yep. Fever Arena as well. Yeah. And then it was just that little square and the rest of it. I, I was like, damn. Yeah, Indianapolis is one. Like, you know, I I love any American city, but that's one of those ones where I'm like, you know what guys? Like, I, I don't know dude, I've been here a couple of times. Every time it kind of just feels worse and worse for me. And, and I just, I don't know man. Like if it, if it comes up on the schedule, I'm like, I I'll do it, but it's gotta be quick. Yeah. It's gotta be quick. Yeah. You gotta just get me in there. Get me in. If the show's at seven get me on a 6:00 PM flight, we'll land we'll do it.


We'll get out. I gotta do it like, like a fucking bombing run. Yeah. It is, It is, it does have a kind of a depressing vibe. Yeah. First ever. You're used to like a booming metropolitan area, like Yeah, just the food options and stuff. That's kind of, you know, I, I don't want to snob on people's town, but it's like No. Yeah, I, but I, I will because I am a snob about that kind of stuff. But it, yeah, you get there and you're like, dude, this is your Uber Eats. Yeah, It's Bad. Come on bro. Like, yeah, someone opened one fucking restaurant. Dude. Dude, Steve Chicon Eroni last night. Ubered Eats something. What was the place called? Jew? Jew Burger. Oh yeah, Jew Boy. Jew Boy Burger Boy Burgers. Yeah. And then Jew Boy Burgers. They dropped the, the burgers off in the wrong elevator shaft to this kid had to get fucking Wendy's.


What, where did, where did that Jew boy leave the burgers? Did Jews fuck you on any burgers? Yeah, dude, they were like you Ian. They thought Jews controlled the burgers in Austin. You can say that for sure. J So you've had Jew boy burgers? I haven't had it yet. But you've heard of it? Yeah. I'm waiting for the whole stuff to settle down in the Middle East and I've heard of it. I haven't had it yet, Dude. But that's cra what a crazy name. I guess the owner's Jewish. I mean, that'd be funny if it's a Palestinian guy that owns it. Yeah. It's gotta be, it's gotta be a Jew boy. Jew boy burgers. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. I Heard they're good. Unless they're hitting you with that kosher shit because like you, you can't have cheese, right? I do think you can. Yeah, I went to a kosher burger place one time. I didn't know what kosher was and I was like, yeah, fire me up a burger.


He is like, yeah, we can't do cheese. And I was kind of like, yeah, bro, this is what people are talking about, dude. I know dude. Well, like a lot of te like growing up in New York and like Brooklyn area, it's like, you know, we have the Hasidic Jewish population. Like most people like don't even know. Like what that like, dude, there's a wild population. Like they're their own kind of group. They don't let anybody in or out. They're kind of like the Amish. Yeah, but like, just Jewish people like running around, like there's parts of Brooklyn, like huge parts of Brooklyn that like, no, none of us. If you're not Hasidic Jew, you've never seen it and you can't go in. Yeah. It's like kind of wild. Like you didn't grow up around any acidic Jews, INM Philly. No way. No, no. We got 'em everywhere, Dude. Yeah, we didn't really have, I grew up in the suburbs of Philadelphia and I, for real, didn't know Jewish people existed until I was in college.


Yeah. Like, I didn't, people were like, oh, the Jews. And I was like, kind, what are you talking about? Yeah. Like Jewish people. And I'm like, what? What are you saying? What does that Mean? I thought they was in the Bible. I didn't know then like when I saw and I was like, oh shit. Okay. Yeah. And it's kind of funny, like the, you know, kind of subtle racism that like the old school people would have, like, I remember grandpa, like, you know, I remember like, we would like always like go like on the BQE, Brooklyn Queens Expressway, we would always like go, you know, like this one route where he would like take side streets and then get on the highway and get off. And I remember one time I asked him, I was like, why do you, why don't we just like stay on the highway? He's like, I mean I, so why do we get off those side streets? And He was like, oh, because if I stayed on the highway, then it makes you get off and then you gotta go through the acidic Jewish neighborhood and we don't wanna do that. So I was just like, what?


Okay. He was like just a, he didn't wanna see it. He was like, yeah, I'm not driving through that. That's their neighborhood. And I'm like, do you not? Yeah. Like I kind of almost felt like, you know, like, do you hate them? I don't. Are you scared of them? I'm like, what is it? But It is, People almost didn't fuck with each other when they first came here. It was very much like, that's your people. These are my people. Well, That's how they live it. And with acidic Jewish population, it's not that, it's not that we're racist against. They don't want us involved. Oh yeah. Not at all. So paint us like they, they, they do not want you even around them. Well it kind of crushes their vibe. Right. Because if you're like, you know, if you're not wearing the clothes, I would feel kind of dumb at them. I Know, dude. Well they look exact. The way they dress is how they dress a hundred years ago. Its like the same. That's kind, that's kind of dope. I like that. Like you can just drop in like, you know, 200 years from now we're gonna look like fucking idiots.


Yeah, true. But, but like it'd be cool if like we dropped in 200 years later and we kind of have the same shit going on. Yeah. Froze like jeans and a T-shirt. Just be like, this is what we're doing guys. This is what It is, Dude, now on. Yeah. Now I'm still Just sitting here bawling out to fucking Darryl and Oats. Well dude, I don't wanna hold you up man. You, I appreciate. Alright. It's 10 45 already. 10 43? Yeah. How long did we do? Hour 22. Hour hour two. Look at that ripping. I'm looking The hair. Dude, the hair looks clean, dude. Hair looks great man. Dude, I'm But people, your fans are gonna shit on me. They're not gonna for the mob, dude. I'll fucking fist fight any, any one of these fans talk shit about my hair, come to any of my shows, check my schedule, christie comedy.com and fucking say it to my face and fight me at the meet and greet. That's what I'm talking about. Dude. Dude, thanks for doing this bro. Thank you bro.


Yo, you're the man, man. Thank you.