
Wow. Wow, wow. Wes, The water does smell a certain way. What a day. We've got a certain smell. Yeah, I think we don't, I haven't tried one yet, but I have. You haven't Tried it yet? Hey, haven't tried one yet, but I have three. I can't use Rogan's Rogan Studio in place. Rogan's Studio has 'em. They have the heated toilet seats and shit. Yeah, the ones I got have that. So nice. But I've never used it and I'm still nervous. 'cause the place I got, I can't use wipes. You can't put 'em in the septic tank. Yeah. So like I got the days, but still nervous. Fired Em. Everyone says it's great. Huh? It's the best. You never used one. Why haven't moved in yet? Oh. Never used one ever. Now. Damn. That's crazy. Well, also the places that tell me they had a gas digital had 'em the pla I know that's, that was the first place I ever used them.


When people say that, that's always the funniest thing to me to go, dude, they have it at gas. Did you? I haven't used it at Gas Digital. Like no, I've never Shit. Right next to the studio. Gas digital. No, I've Sitting there like 10 times every Well it was always, Well, it was always, 'cause you do realize podcasts at 11:00 AM Sure. For me that's early. I would wake up at like nine and I'm always, always late. So you gotta get that morning dump when you get to the studio and then bide and then you go, I've never tried this. What's This button dude? It's close you at the mothership. God damn. And was it awesome? Go. You can't believe the accuracy, so why don't you Yeah, I thought it was gonna hit me. It does start every time no matter what. I go, Ooh. When it first gets me, I jump a little and go, Ooh. Yeah. It's a nice trip. Yeah. Bobby Kelly described it. He goes, you're waiting for, which I understand what he's saying.


You're lining it up with the remote control until you hear like the go from like when your asshole starts accepting it. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty nice. Listen, I'm excited to try it. I just, I don't, I I still don't fully get it. It's just water. But I see the concept. But how could it be strong enough that you're really getting that clean? Oh, it's, it's hitting Bro. It's strong bro. Dude, if you move, it would go like seven feet in the air. Really Fucking in your, I would say about official gauge. About a super. So 50? Yeah. Oh, okay. 25. 25. 2025. 25. 25. My bad. I Was gonna say, I'd say 25 50. Come on man. You trying to catch a lawsuit?


25 fifties. Crazy. Say the top. The green one. The Basic one. Yeah. Toys us Basic. But no, it, it hits you man. I would advise you to start cold, warm iss kind of indulgent warms. Borderline sexual warm is sexual warm water hitting you is like, you might as well fab. It's kind of sexual. So start cold Matt. You couldn't be closer to the truth. It's real sexual. I don't know if I would choose Cold water to go up there. If there's a hot, a warm water option, you're Gonna want warm bro. You're gonna end up, everyone ends up warm anyway. Everyone goes warm. I dunno why that's making me cry. It's very funny. I think on the, yeah, I'm still a wipe guy on the road. I just can't believe that most of the time.


Just paper for you. Just raw out. Yeah. I did that for a very long time until people enough people were just like, what are you doing? Yeah. Gotta get the wipes and peanut butter around your ass. They tell you it's, it'll fuck your shit up. But only if you have, well here's a couple things going on. There was no signs here when you moved in. No. That said don't put wipes in the toilet. Fire away, Dude. So I run through those things and then just don't go back to the store. Wow. So I'll get, I'll get like once a month I'll, and then lame had a pack in the back. He was plowing to wipe. Is your lady Not a good house organizer to sense? Like one Thing I, no, not one bit. One thing I bet Christine and I gotta give her always is you just go running low on wipes and then like an Amazon thing of 20 packs of wipes show up.


Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. We have the, that can work against me though because I'm like, yeah, we need to get garlic powder. Did you add it to the grocery list? And I'm like, shut the fuck up. Yeah, You do the fucking grocery list. I mean it is a great system. Yeah. Don't come in here with girlfriend bragging like that. Do Not, do not make me make fun of my girlfriend. It was More assistant bra. It was more of the assistant skills. Yeah. That was a girlfriend bragging. Now I had to put my girlfriend down with her lack of skills. Skills. It it's, yeah, you, you get my baby didn't have those house skills. It took a while. Yeah. You had to, you had to learn how to use like different parts of the iPhone notes. The notes app. Yeah. A lot to that thing man. I take notes. Take Notes sometimes. Do you really? If Cardini says something funny when he is drunk, I write it down and then send it to him the next morning and go, remember when you said this?


Whoa. Whoa. So I thought You everyone will know I'm right. It's two 30 in the morning on a Thursday. That's A garden dini guarantee. Do you ever That is good Dini guarantee. You know, it's a fun thing. You ever go, I've written several things. I don't do it in years, which is why it's still sort of fun 'cause it's so from so long ago. But my phone notes when I had intentions of like, oh yeah. Like this is a funny concept. I got it. And whatever the key words you write though, you see a thing, it's like, yeah, it's insane. Like gay pizza. Yeah. What the fuck does that even mean? Like, That would be before a show. I Thought those keywords would drive me to like when I got back home like, alright, now what was my thing with gay pizza? Yeah. Before the show. You're like, fuck, I don't have any material.


Let's go back into the archive. Ah, gay pizza. Gay pizza. Yeah. Shit. It sounds as bad as when somebody walks up to you and does like the, you know, so if someone else would goes gay pizza, you do something with that. Exactly. You work with that. I got a premise for you. Gay pizza. Yeah. I always think, I'm like, I'm gonna go back there one day and there's gonna be something I wrote a long time ago and I'm gonna go, oh my God, this is genius. And I just look at it. I'm like, I'm a fucking dumb ass. Yeah. I'm a dumb, I'm one of the dumbest people. Most of It repeats seven times. I'm like, yeah, I've wrote this down five times. I still don't know what it is. Rape comma, sometimes. Fun question mark. Oh, three 30 in the morning on a Wednesday.


Yeah. Good Work. Good work. Was I 2019? Shane? Good job. But yeah, they're, they're never fucking, yeah. There's never something where I feel like I can go back and go, oh yeah, let me expound upon that. Never once. Nope, nope, nope, nope. Never. Although I have lost some great ones, man. Right before bed. I go, I'll definitely remember that. And I wake up and go, oh, that was so Good. Nothing. It would've changed everything. Yeah. Long driving a car. Say it over and over to myself three or four times. And then like, you get next day. Exactly. You're like, how was something about something? Yeah. Long driving a car. I go, this is gonna be good.


I'm gonna get some material out of this. Just wrap for three straight hours. I didn't have one thought the entire drive. But you got the premise. It wasn't wrap. Great. Yeah, Dude, I started smoking weed again in hopes of like, it'll jar some new ideas. It is the same thing. I just got like confused in the grocery store and I was just like, this is not, We had a nice groceries. We did. We both had a Whole Foods Day. Same time. Yeah. Dude, I, I was getting let out personally. I got, I got very high and listened to Led Zeppelin in the grocery store. And it was, I mean, led Zeppelin was way better than I remembered it. I was like, ah, I think I'm over this. I'm almost 40 now. That was like stuff when I was a kid. Dude. I was listening to Led Zeppelin too. I was like, this is might be the greatest album of all Time. You put me back on. You were like, I let the let out.


I said, I gotta let, it's been a while. You let got it out, Dude. It was crazy. Shit. Rocks. I, for real. I am not lying. I was walking towards the cheese aisle of the grocery store and at one point, like they hit the drums. I almost went and like kicked. I almost, I was up, I was playing, dude. I was up on stage. I almost fucking kicked and signaled the drummer. Yeah. My whole foods experience was much like my experience at the mall. I literally, I was like, I'm I'm gonna go to the grocery store. I got there. I was like, I don't even know what I want. You said, I don't even know. I don't even want, I got chicken and bacon and eggs and left. That is why I spent $30 in. Yeah. Do you scan Every aisle? You start produce? Yeah. I, dude, I walked around. You're not a, we, it's a big thing being, if you could smoke weed and go to the store, you start thinking ahead more.


Yeah. You're planning ahead. Yeah. True. You're Like, I'm definitely gonna want fluff at some point. I don't want fluff or another, I never bought it ever. But like, you should have it. I did it at just every aisle four times. I just walked. I, I do like the outskirts usually then I just started hitting every aisle while I was jamming. And then like, I would be like, oh yeah, I'm gonna need an onion. I'd go all the way back to the other side, get an onion. You're Gonna need that onion like taco knife. The things, the things I end up like hoarding because I don't realize we have them, you buy too much or great. Like probably have like four different kinds of pickles in my refrigerator. Yeah. No meat, but four different jars of pickles. That's good. That have been like open at different times.


You want those pickles? Yeah. Well listen, you need stackers And you need spears. But after that you start just getting gluttonous. Fuck. I forgot the spears. I forgot the spears. The D spears. Fuck. I gotta head back to the store. Hey bitch, are these bread and butter chips? Because I said pickles. I, dude, I I will say I think I, I don't think it's any good but I, I just smoked weed all weekend being like, I gotta come up with something funny. And then I went, I actually went to a gala last weekend. It was Brittany planned it months and months ago and I, I got very high and went to that and it was the only thing I keep we're people were talking about school. Like yeah, I started school in September, but I was like held back 'cause I wanted to be the older person in the class.


And I got, these Are adults saying this. Yeah. We were just talking about like getting, like, if you got held back. And I was like, I just like Mudded to Brittany. I was like, I got held back in the fourth grade 'cause my dick was too big. I'd laugh for 30 minutes. Genius. Write it down. Dick too big for fourth grade. She was like, that'll come in handy in eight months. She's like, why would you get held back if your Dick's too big? What's a gala? I was like, dude, you're Brooding dude. It's just funny. S like, I get held back too. Why? 'cause I'm my dick too big. Yeah. What's a, What's a gala? S like a party. It's like, it's just a thing where you get dressed up and then they just make people, they like ask people for money basically. Oh, okay. So it was like there, it was a, it was like a, a domestic violence thing.


And then they had cowboys come out and be like one Those guys, the auctioneer guys? Yes. They went Anti, You remember those anti Yes. It was not, they Almost got us. Really? We were at the Longhorn, the Texas Longhorns thing. And they did the auctioneers 10 was, I was like, man, you can bid first on one of these. You can. And he was like 50 grand. And then no one was bidding for like a minute. And I was sitting next to him like, oh shit. What? Yeah. I was like, I'll pay for, that's terrifying. Can you gotta start low $50,000? No, people were, It starts at like two. That's, that's the move to raise your hand For the very first fun to go knowing it's going up a hundred bucks. $1.


Yeah. Dude, they got, was it on? Well, You, it was like a vacation with a coach. Coach la Married Coach Ian to a cabin. Yeah. It was like a boys' vacation in the cabin With an adult man. You don't know Coach Sark. Well, There'll be like a 32 person trip to Orlando. Just lame. It Was like, what the Fuck? Just lame. Dude. What they did on it? It was actually kind of, it was kind of sick. So they had this trip, they had the bid up to 15,000 bucks and they had four people and they went, you, you, you, you all get it right away. And they all had to get one for 15 grand. I was like, oh, That hurts. Yeah. It Was exciting. The cowboy bidders Were exciting. It was nice. That was fun.


Yeah. Did but try not to laugh for half now. Did did you get Get anything at the gala? Oh, I told Brittany, I said, bro, not a Motherfucker. How much was she trying to raise that hand? I, I told her before we went in and three times I saw her elbow move and I said, I will fucking storm out. Do not. I want that. I will. It is just like we could have that could, it's, it's kind of a girl trap. 'cause it's like they pop shit, you know, confetti on you and it's like, you know, the pricing makes no sense. It's perfect for them. Yeah. Like $30,000. Yes. It's like, you know, I I was man. For what, What are the objects? The Objects. They were like pretty intense vacations. And they, they will be like, the sleeps like 18 people. So I guess you could try to get people in on it, but just, it was vacations.


What else was it? It was like trips. There was a quail hunting trip or dove hunting trip in south, South Africa. You could go shoot birds in South Africa. God Bless the person who like goes like, like figures out a vacation. Like package in a moment of someone going like, All right, Turks and Caicos got a nice little cabana on the beach. Like $50,000 of this honey. You wanna go to Turks. Cas always right, right now. Yes, yes. Than me. Let's get 20 of our friends agree on this date To sort that out so much before you raise your hand. Dude, It's, it was Everybody I know will go to that when I say we Gotta a little Turks and Caicos definitely on this date. It was more the elders, the older people were snagging all these crazy things. Oh, They gotta do everything before they die. Yeah, They, yeah, they were, they were definitely hitting them up.


But it was the, I will say gala energy, it's very, a lot of the dudes there, it, it, it like struck me as like guys who are like expecting blow blowjobs at any minute. Just like the face they were, they were sitting there like making a face. Like they knew how they were getting their dicks sucked. Gonna get up That night, gonna get hit. Everyone's dressed up. Exactly. Your penis is gonna be in a mouth. It was a lot of prehead energy. That was the one thing. And it was, you know, it's not good nor bad. I was just saying like, fuck man. Sexual energy, very sexual and gala. Everyone's laughing, drinking, spending money. I mean If you, is it trophy wives and like Yeah. Prostitutes. Yes, pretty much. And if you can get like, you know, if you get women in a dress, that is step one. Yeah.


This is fancy. Yeah. That is kind of step one to kind of, yeah, possibly getting hit. It's Valentine's Day Pretty much. Bringing your wife makes sense. Bringing your girlfriend. But bringing s the stuff people bring escorts to when escorts are doing the actual job they say they're doing when, yeah. You heard about escort, you know, it's like, well you're paying me for my time. Whenever happens thing, it's like we can go to dinners And you're like, yeah, I'd rather used, I used to drive their hand. I used to drive them and I'll tell you what, they weren't going to any galas. They were going in the front of a house I thought was abandoned to get fucked by a guy whose arm is always broke or has polio. You used to drive hookers? Oh yeah.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. During tax season, your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for identity thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Yeah, that was a whacky job. What does That make you in the pimp hierarchy where you're like a, you're a wheelman. Wheelman just, but technically motherfuckers, technically they're protect them. Protecting them in like the strippers more. They were all like strippers and prostitutes for the most part. But the strippers was a scarier job. 'cause you have to go in and like make sure everything's like kind of okay. Oh You did like the bachelor party guy who like went in and like counted the money. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The pro, the prostitutes where you, you just drive up out front and they go in and they'll be like, if all goes great, I'll be, you know, it's supposed to be been there for like an hour. They're like, I should be out in 15 minutes. And like, they usually would. But the one time I drove someone outside of Pennsylvania, someone out, it was outside of Philly.


I drove a girl one time and like we picked her and like, this is also the thing, you get to see like the, this is not like, this guy's definitely not gonna be happy, you know, when you're driving someone out. I picked them up and I was like, unless this guy, there's no way this guy picked her. This is like before like internet was everything. So you weren't, you were going on like a yellow pages. Oh call or like, I guess like the back, the RiNo about rock steady. Do you guys ever get caught in sex traffic? I don't know. I did it If, if it were bump and to bumper, that would be sex traffic. That would be sex traffic. In sex traffic. But we, I drove this grind knew she was like, I'm like, this guy's not gonna like her. She was like, we drove this nice neighborhood and this girl was like goth out like big heavy set chick, real milky skin.


It was just a look that I'm certain the guy who lives here was not going for. And she goes, are You sure you weren't trying to hog being like, this guy's not gonna be into you. You should actually just pull. Yeah, lemme Get you away from all this. Yeah, that's what I did when I was catering. You're gonna take one of the parms, you know what I mean? If I'm driving a hooker, I'm gonna go, come on, I about kiss of one kiss. Oh they're never gonna know. Gimme a little s The, well the first girl I ever drove, well I'll go back that a second, but this girl, she went inside the, she went to the guy's house and I'm just waiting in the car. And then she comes back like three minutes later. What? And she goes, he said that I'm not what he was expecting and blah and he sending me whatever. So I was like, I saw coming.


And she goes, and now no matter what, the guy's gotta pay X amount for me. Yeah. For like the drive, whatever it was like 25 bucks. That meant the world to me at the time. For sure. Yeah. And so she was like, he's not, she goes, I was like, oh. I was like, so he just gave you like the, you know, the cancel money or whatever And she was like, no, he wouldn't gimme any money at all. And I was like, shit, shit. And I just gotta hedge the bets, you know? I'm like, what is this asshole look like? Because you're waiting to hear like, yeah, six eight. I'm like, hey, So I can go find him. But like I'm really just asking. I'm like, is this worth 25 bucks for me to go knock on this guy's door? And she was like, he's like this little like nerdy whatever guy. So I was like, oh good, good. So I go, I knock on the door and I was just like, and she kinda came with me, which I didn't think was a good idea.


And he opens the door, you know, with kinda like, I don't want like trouble thing. And I was, I was like, I was like, no, no man, just gotta like, you have to, you're supposed to give like 50 bucks I guess like 25 for each of us or something like that. And he was like, he's like, oh well I don't, he was like basically being a dick. He was like, I don't have the money. And I'm like, buddy, you gotta give it. And then she just bust the door open and started like unhooking his VCR and shit. Oh no. She's like, well I'm taking something with me or something like that. Like I got her not to do that ultimately. But like she was planning on walking out there with something and then having the drive a rejected hooker home is such a hilarious like conversation. Yeah. She's like, actually I probably went in there with a bad attitude 'cause I didn't wanna fuck him. Like sure, yeah, yeah sweetheart, you got it.


But to Man, I'm glad I didn't get his VCR. I didn't even fucking want it. Dude. The fir the first girl I ever drove, I remember being like impressed by her because she, she was just pretty one. And I was Like, it funny if you were like 12 and this is just your paper route. I was like, I was 18. I like, damn, 18 or 19. I only did this for a very short amount of time. How'd you get this gig? My friend Ernie was dating a girl whose dad was just like, probably like weird connected. Yeah. Shit or something like that. And it was like, they had a guy who like friend stripper. It was supposed to be just be strippers ultimately. Yeah. And like, oh yeah, you just go there and whatever.


I found out very quick. 'cause the guy was like, all the other drivers for this company were like old men. I remember asking the guy one time, I'm like, how the fuck Yeah it is like, am I the only? And I feel like I'm in danger a lot. And he was like, well, he goes, they have guns, like you don't have a gun. And I was like, no. And he was like, well do you want one? And I was like, no. And he is like, you sure? I'm like, yeah dude. Because I get too nervous. So I was like, I'm I'm, I'm gonna pull out way too early because I'll be nervous. It's always like 15 guys, you know what I mean? Yeah. I've had him say things like, you're supposed to stop him so we do anything. And I'd be like, yeah, me and this guy, I'm supposed to stop. I mean in a circle already pointing at everybody Did shoot poker Trying to John Wick both hands.


Yeah. I was terrified. But You said a bachelor party in the Poconos? No, I was always last same company as the one I did the dressing up at kids' parties for that Was the funniest. What, hold on. I, I know you've told this story a million times, but can you please tell us that story? Which the dressing up and There's a couple of 'em. The Elmo. The Elmo. Yeah. The Elmo was the Elmo. Yeah. Yeah. Just lemme get that story. That was the first one they sent me to. The guy was like, Hey, if you wanna make more money, I also, during the day, the stripper company does kids parties where you dress up as the costumes. Same guy. You go to the same guy's house with his fucking coy pond and pick up the fucking bag, the trash bag.


Mind you full of costume. That was like, not the licensed ones I guess you'd say. You know, they were like shitty costumes, knock Off Elmos. So I was Elmo and they sent me, I was the last call for the stripper thing. And this like the, you know, we need somebody, our main guys can't do it. So I always got the shittiest gigs and I mean like real like North Philly, like scary places to go. And I went as Elmo right away, no one's happy to see me. They're like, why is a white guy with a garbage bag coming to our front door? And then they let me in and I was like, yeah, I'm doing the, I'm do, I'm here for the kids for you know, Elmo. And they go, alright, go change in the back. It's sweltering hot.


It's like summertime. I put on the Elmo costume and then I come out to start da and they, I tell 'em like, you know, he was yelling me to do the hokey pokey, but I was giving her, I gave her like a CD after I put in. And she was like, we ain't got no play out here. Just dude a hokey. She kept yelling, do the hokey pokey at me. Which is a funny thing to be yelled at. And then, you know, I got a little screen, I'm like, miss It sort of the closer, you know, like the hokey pokey with all the kids. And then what call this like this little girl, this little black girl, like barrette there. She's so cute. Like there was a moment where I was like, oh, this is cool. Like this gig. 'cause she did like the hug. Yeah, she hug my leg and love you Elmo.


And, and then kids, like bad kids, you could tell were coming in the block on bikes and they came to the party and while this girl's literally hugging my leg, the kid was like, yeah, that ain't the real Elmo. And she's like, yes it is. And he is like, he's like, no it ain't. And he starts looking through the grill thing. Oh. She's Like, You see? And You like, Hey, get outta here, motherfucker. Yeah, I'm, I'm just going, come on kid. And he just lifts the sleeve up of the thing and screams. He goes, Elmo's white Dude, that's like being shark age. And The mom came over and she was yelling at the kid that is like, she goes, no, this is Elmo honey. This is Elmo. And the, and the little girl's getting upset. And then the, and the kid just pointed out, you're almost going like, Hey kid, stop.


Yeah. And he goes, if that's the real Elmo, why is he wearing FUBU sneakers? Which I was Sick FUBU sneakers. And then the kid said, he goes, he goes, let's see if Elmo has nuts. And then I couldn't find him outta my little screen and I was turn, and then he just launched me and like, no repercussions. He just Sock no nothing, just sock you in the ball. I mean like, like, but no, but like his, like the Top of his foot, I knew he Kicked the top of his foot. Hit like my ass crack. Like he was, he got in it, See fell my as balls and looking into his screen.


Like there was like hurt locker sweat going on, like Iron Man in his mask. You Wouldn't expect a from behind nut kick. That was truly a master. Oh, it Was a young man. No, no, Not from behind. It was from the front. You got in the front. Oh, it was, It was so in there like Gooch. That One That is crazy though, to leave like a, I'm presuming a slightly fucked up household In a spy. I'm ruining this shit. I have less scary stories from the stripper thing than the, And The kids' parties. Dude, the kids. The one time I went and the owner of this company would say whatever to sell.


Sorry, we got Some plumbers here. They're going Wild. The owner of the company would, would say whatever to sell the gig. Didn't Belong to the house, Getting all your poops out. The the owner would do anything to sell the gig. Yeah. So I was just, I was gonna be as Winnie the Poh to a kid's party, north Philly. And I get in there and then the guy goes, as soon as I get There, The guy, the guy goes, as soon as I get in there he is, it's like, he goes, yo, where's the presence in balloons? And I was like, which I thought was even a weird thing that someone would ever believe that's gonna happen. Yeah. I'm like, you wanna just bring random presents for your job? Like, I don't even know if yeah, it's a boy or a girl or what.


And he is like, well I was told you'd bring presents in balloons. So I was like, well, I'm sorry, I go, let me call the company. And I called the guy and the guy was like, yeah, yeah, I just said it. He goes, well you're there already. Like they're gonna, oh, he was like, he was like, he was like, yeah, no, he like, he told 'em not to bullshit and he goes, put 'em on the phone and now like, I didn't know this was the scam. Put him on and now we'll take a couple bucks off, but you're already there. And I was like, oh my god. Okay. So like, you know, it's Also crazy to be like, yeah, we don't need to get the presents, we need, the POH is gonna come bring all the presents and decorations. They said they, I really would. That Would, yeah, I'm saying he said he winning the Ps gonna bring presents. Like what? Damn. So the guy was like, he gets him on the phone, he's like, All right. And I go into his house and it was like the, do you remember the party in Menace of Society where Kane beat the guy who was talking shit about Jada Pinkett?


No, not really. It was like that party. Okay. It was All right. That still gives me a good Idea. There was multiple dice games going on, two babies in height chairs, eating Cheerios. The only children at this party. And it's one of those kids birthday. So when I go in, the guy was like, I was like, where could I change? And he goes, go upstairs. Is it bad? No, fuck it. He was like, go upstairs and change in the bedroom. So I went up to a bedroom and closed the door and it was fucking, sorry, My plumbers, they're just drummers. Yeah, they're just fucking, they're doing some, they're just, they're, yeah, they're All right. They figured it out. They Dukes dude. They're sorting it out. Sorry to interrupt. No, it's All right. I So you're up in the bedroom. I go up in this bedroom, I close the door and the guy's like, don't close that door, motherfucker.


And I was like, I already did. And he was like, oh man, the door, like when you close it, it won't open. Oh no. So now I have to wait for them to take the door off the hinges. And I was, it was funny, like the door, it literally fell. It was like an old Philly, like shitty. Yeah, yeah. So this heavy ass door, like they take all the hinges and it goes on, it hits the bed and like the dust comes up and I'm literally standing there holding a Winnie the Pooh like, like the right stuff. Like I'm holding like an astronauts helmet. I'm like, let's Go make this. So you were dressed as poot, just not with a head on yet? Yeah, no, no. Head on. And then I went downstairs and I gave the guy again the CD to put in for the hokey pokey songs or whatever. And the guy goes, just dance to what's on. Which I do recall was Dr.


Dre's 2001 Chronic. Damn. So I just like hokey pokey danced to that for two kids in Highchair for like a half hour or so. And then it was, and the guys was doing their thing and kinda not paying attention to me. And then I was like, I was like, ah man. He goes, kids are adorable. Like thanks so much, you know, sorry about the miscommunication earlier. I go, I'm gonna go upstairs and change back into my clothes and get outta here. And he was like, nah man, just get outta my house. I thought he was like being playful first. So I was like, yeah. I go, I know. 'cause the thing before he was like, man, I'm done. Just get the fuck out. And I was like, well I gotta go change. And he was like, not here. And so then I not thinking I took the head off to be like, yo man, come on.


Like, not like, yeah, just start shit with him. Just almost deplete like, buddy, come on let, and then the kids started fucking screaming. They just saw one of the po move his skull. And then they physically pushed me outta the house and I ran to my, my mom's Winnie The Poh. I ran to my mom's Vete and I drove a stick shift home with Winnie the Pooh hands on. Where was all your clothes were in the house? No, I had the bag. They were in the bag and stuff, but it's my trash bag of my clothes instead of Winnie the Pooh. But that was a hilariously far more scary job. Yeah, that's some fucking bullshit man. Because Most of the time the strippers were just, there was only one stripper I drove that was like genuinely putting herself through med school. Like the actual story that you always hear.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like she was really doing it, which was made her not a good stripper because that was what she was the girl that every time they were like, this guy's touching my tit. I'm like, you have it in his mouth? Yeah, you're a stripper. So I was like, she's like, go fight this guy. He is doing this. Like please you have to let him touch your butt. I think. Sure. You Could've been like, you have a bright future ahead of you. I don't wanna ruin your medical school. But the first girl I ever drove in that, I don't remember, I think her real name, her fake name or real name was Candace, whatever it was, I drove her, she was really cute. And we went to a party, a bachelor party, and she was like, they're sawing now. That's crazy. Are these sawing pipes?


Yeah. You wanna pause for a minute? Sure. Yeah.


Sorry. This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp we Love, but BetterHelp as love, but help as nice as it would be The help with the but on the, but help As nice as it would be, you don't have all the answers prompt for a host Rift. I struggled with.dot. Do I personally, I, I don't like to get into this, but I struggled with deep sexual feelings for amphibians until I got, until I got help from, But help BetterHelp. But help. Yeah, but help. And we overcame that struggle because they were like, it was like a stern father. Like, oh, you wanna smoke cigarettes? Well how about you do a hundred of 'em? Yeah. Until you Don't them anymore. Hey, you wanna have have sex with frogs all the time. Butter Help said, how about you do a hundred of 'em? Tough guy. He box Him a hundred frogs. And you don't come outta that room until you by every one of those fuckers mouths. I said but butter, it's, oh, it's important that you have a good support system. You know, people you can go to when the going gets tough like a therapist from Butt Hill, there are always nice to have in your corner because there are times when you can't go to your family or friends, you Can't tell your family about those Frogs. You can't tell anyone about that. You gotta go to Butter Hill. I strictly Butter Hill. You gotta get on a Zoom call and go, I wanna fuck frogs. They go, holy shit, we gotta help. I need a trust. A professional. Oh my God. Yes. We already RIFed, we RIFed our riff things that helped us. Therapy is great because I mean, dude, it just, after I stopped my whole thing with those amphibians, my social skills were much more positive. Yes, I overcame those problems and I learned how to reach out. I learned how to reach out for help in a safe space. So if you wanna try, if you wanna give therapy a try and you're not sure where to begin, check out Butta help. Still Can't, still can't really go near any bodies of water, you know? Really? Yeah. Because of the dude to the possibility of a frog. You know, send me into a frenzy. You know, bro, trust me, when you're on the edge of a pond And you, you don't even see the frog But you hear it jump into the water, I go, I just wanna fucking jump, jump in after and Catch It. Bring that thing out. Hopefully I kiss it and it turns into a prince. Like, guys, check out BetterHelp. It's fully online, so easy to get started. And they have access to a wide range of credential therapists over 30,000 with all sorts of different specialties. That's good. Yeah. Guys, guys, sorry I had some motherfucking boo. It's All right. Check out, build your support system book of help build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash MSSP to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE lp.com/mssp. Yeah. And all jokes aside, BetterHelp ISS a great company. Yeah dude, they do fucking rock with us. Yeah, They do rock. Thank You. Thank You. But help But a help.


Hey, we just got back from that fantastic ad read. Yes. Seriously. That is the best underwear or something. Yeah, It was the best. Dick pill. Underwear. Yeah, underwear. Picture brand. Yo, this crem probably isn't addictive. No one's gonna think you're a loser this time. Dude, I you guys, I always associate Raum with gas digital. Yeah. How could you not? And then I came down to Austin. Yo cran Presents guests digital. You Guys are like the Sacklers of CRA guys are. But then I came down here in Austin and it was one of those like Huberman said it works type. Yeah. Yeah. Like I don't think he did, but like that type of mindset. 'cause down here that's what everyone is. Cran heads No but like Huberman dads Huberman.


Like zin is actually a neurotropic that, so it's good for you like that. Oh, okay. One milligram a day. You can't just enjoy anything. It's gotta be science. Yeah, yeah. You can't just go. Yeah. Like, but they were like crate 'em, they just crate 'em in nice bottles in the green room. Have we put this ccra like, oh fuck you guys doing? Have We put this under the rogan scope yet? No, it's, it was under there. It Was like, Joe, get your loop. She goes, oh This, This Is different. It's like, yeah, it's cool. They do have, Yeah they do have a little raum, like five hour energy type things. Those are awesome. Really? That's the only one Josh Meyers got me to try was a little, I think it's Ohms or something. It's called, it's like this big, it's a drink. I mean you shouldn't drink at all. It's this big. Yeah. If you drink at all, you will.


I believe like opiates get violently nauseous for five minutes or so and then it's great. Yeah. Oh nice. Well She goes away. Awesome. It's a ride. Yeah. I wrote three full Nirvana albums. New music too. I just know it's theirs. Oh man. Yeah. Well we, so before we left you said you were, you had, you know the cus of the prettiest Oh other girl. First girl I ever drove. Yeah. Very pretty. Yeah. And so, and she was so pretty that I was like, you know, like the self-soothing of like what she's doing is actually great. Yeah. Because we went to this party and I said, I always remember the thing was she had a, she's All right guys, we're gonna play a game.


She controlled the room too, which I thought that's hilarious. We right back after another ad from heroin After these words from That's crazy. Heroin. The timing's unbelievable. That was wild. It was pin drop. It Was, it was quiet. Yep. And we're back, as you were saying, First trip ever drill. It's coming. It's coming. Sorry guys. Gotta do some light belt sanding. Yeah, it's on me hand up. Accountability. Honestly, I, I was told they'd be outta here. It's all good. It's not Dude.


So yeah, the first car I ever drove, we went to this place, said she was controlling the room, which I thought was like, again, I just thought she was pretty. So I was just like, and I'm the person driving her. So you're like, am I falling in love with this girl? And she's, she looks good and then she starts doing this thing that's so raunchy. But again, I liked her so much that I thought it was a brilliant business thing. I've, I've talked about this where I'm like, smart move. This is called something in business. What she just did. What'd she, what was she up To? She would go, All right guys, we're playing this game. $5, $10 or $20. And it was like for $5. So she rolls it up like a coke straw, whatever you give her. And then she'll put it like in her pussy basically.


But she keeps her fingers like at the base, do you know what I mean? And so it's like for $5 she puts it in a little bit for 10, a little bit more. And you take it out with your mouth out of her pussy. You're making the right face. I if you were wondering if you were making the right face, you are. How's it going? He Goes, okay, Well yeah, here's the problem with a, any kind of a story of a bachelor party, your mindset there will tend to be different. I think. You know what I mean? When everyone's bother, you're hearing it later, you're like, ugh, money in a pussy and then money in my mouth. Like all those things are wrong. Yeah. And then my mouth near money near a hooker pussy. This is all bad.


But everybody did the $20 because it would be the closest. But the funny thing, I was always like, what's crazy? 'cause no matter how much you put in there, you could fit it in your mouth And you, you're only getting as close as her fingers. Yeah. Like you're never actually getting closer to her pussy. Yeah. But every guy did the 20 and I was like, like it's genius. Well it is funny to be like, this girl might be Lemme do the five. I'm gonna stay on the periphery. Yeah. It's crazy. I'll just take a fiver. Lemme just like get like, let me feel the warmth of it right back off. Yeah. Yeah. He goes, let me get a five hour smell test In there. And what about three Fives? That'd be the move that I'm gonna do. I'm gonna back to back three fives. That is the move. But you right, for, for $20 and fives, you could go four times and get the same experience.


20. Can you inhale the air through the bill? I assume you could if you wanted to. Just scuba a little bit. Scuba, You know, Siphon Take it one deep hit. Yeah. If something comes through the straws freakier too. Oh No. Oh, What is that? This toilet paper crumb. This is bad news. True. That be, that'd be a bonus. But Anyway, I thought she was, I thought she was an angel saint from heaven to do that. I've never Been at a bachelor party. That was crazy. We went, we had one where there was, I think I told you about it. There was a lady who had just visibly must have just given birth not very long ago. Oh my God. Because she had like that skin. And we were all calling her brain belly, dude, you go get a lap dance from brain belly.


But yeah, they, it was actually We're all brain belly. We go, Well this girl, this girl on our drive home Sometimes Guys get in. And they didn't even give whatever When I was driving her home. She goes, we stopped at a seven 11. And I remember she goes in and she bought one of those like single individual roses for herself. And I was like, I'm like, what's that for? And she goes, it was just this sad, like, I always buy myself flowers at the end of a work night because I deserve it. And then I, and then I now this must have been so creepy for her. I know you, I dropped her off at her house next day, next day show up at her house for flowers.


And I go, you deserve someone else to give you flowers. And, and by the way, she could have been looking back more like, if my abusive boyfriend sees you here, I'm gonna have to ship you that. Like, she was like, Thank You, thanks so much. And I'm like, and I just think that you should know. And she's like, cool, thanks. Was like, bye. She shoved off her pusy. She's like, see you later. I Go, so if I could just should've Brought a five bill instead of flowers, you should been Like, have one moment of your time with this $5 bill. So damn, skip ahead. I started doing comedy or I was doing comedy already, but I, you know, I, that's like a job. I would do like kind of infrequently. But yeah, when I needed money I would take it. And so just, you can just call in the yellow pages, any of those places at the time and be like, Hey, do you need a drive?


Or I've done it before. They'll be like, sure. Most of 'em will be like, sure, can you start tonight? So this guy, I called some guy on the phone. I said, Hey, you looking for drivers? I have experience. But he goes, yeah, he goes, the way he does it is you hang out at his house, this guy's apartment and wait for jobs to come in. Girls sit there with you. So I go to this guy's apartment not far from where my mom, where my mom lives. It was just a couch, a TV and bodybuilding, trophies everywhere. The guy was just like, like a totally huge Jack Guy. Nice enough guy. And he goes, All right, so you got a, you got a gig. You're taking these two girls. One's this Asian girl, one's my cousin. I'm like, okay. So the Asian girl shows up.


She's nice enough. Then She's nice. The cousin comes. That's nice. It's the fucking girl. The first girl I ever drove is his cousin. What she now, by the way, this girl who was like so hot, we take her to this or I take her to this party. She's brain belly everyone. Not brain belly. Everyone's like into this Asian girl. She's very pretty. And then this girl, they're like, you hear the guys making jokes about her and this, she was all like pale now. And her asshole was brown and dark. She had A dog. She had like an old dog asshole. Yeah. That came off a lot. Dog Eyes. Fucking little tiny boy dog. And It being mean to her. And I'm almost, you're having that thing where I'm like, I'm like, don't. No, you don't know what, she's like this. She's in a rough patch or something.


Yeah, you had to defend her, But you don't fucking fuck. Right? No, but She looked p busted. And it was funny. That was my luck. 'cause people ask if I ever fucked any of the strippers ever on that gig. We went back to the cousin's house and it was just me and her waiting for another gig come in. And that night she started like digging her toes. Like she was like laying on the couch and she was like digging her toes, like under my thing. Kind like laying. I was like, ah, I mean not here at your cousin's house. I was like, ah dude, she has something now for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And I never saw her ever again. Probably did. Yeah. Yeah. That is, that's the crazy thing with like, like OnlyFans and all this stuff. Like, it, it does, I, I'm not like being puritanical about it, but it doesn't seem to really work well for women psychologically. Like they fucking crash hard.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Female porn stars. I was talking about this. Oh, there's no, we all thought that Jenna Jamison was like the example of like, look, you could do it and kind of get mainstreamed and not like lose your sense about you. And then, you know, they have the video of her in night vision, like breaking all the cameras in her house. You ever see that? She's like climbing ladders and it's night. S like a raccoon just busting all, all the cameras in the house. Dude. Like She went nuts. She was like a nineties porn star. Yeah. Now it's like, I feel like the hard hardcore stuff back then is like expected now. Oh yeah. For Sure. You know what I mean? Hold on. I think they're doing a little swap me back there. Sounds Like, I think he's breaking up. What Did he walk back there?


I think the toilet's just exploding. It's the smoke test. What is there smoke test? Is there anyone in there? No toilets, smoking. What the fuck? I, I kind of wanna see this. Yeah, go Check it out. You gotta go see the smoking toilet. I gotta see the smoking toilet Break. See that? Oh, make sure it, It was smoking Smoke looks good. Toilet back there. Like the Toilet back there. Work. Yeah, it was smoking big time. Like smoke. Oh yeah. Straight through the water. That's not, that's not great. He goes, oh shit.


I thought smoke is good. Oh shit. Smokey shit. This house Man smoke turds. There's been turds trapped in the walls since day one. Turds are everywhere. Walls, I've Never, I've never hit a plumber once do that. No, there've Never been to a bachelor party. Shit. It was a wild one. Ever Started it with like, like college friends and stuff? No, No. Never went to a Crazy one. I've been to The craziest one was, I think it was who fucking party with Louis. Zach. It was Zach's. That's a pretty wild bachelor party. That was a Wild one. But I, me and O'Connor, that was the first time I really, I think did Molly?


Oh yeah. And I just sat on a couch. Oh that wasn't Mau. That was, that was actual ecstasy. It was great. Yeah. I was afraid of, I didn't talk to the women at all and then I was wa like I was on drugs watching Louis like Yeah bitch, clear man. Like he's very not, he wasn't calling him bitches, but he was very So Your butthole lady? Yeah, he was very, there was, he was ready to party in that gear. Yeah, he was comfortable with strippers. I'm not, Yeah, no. Yeah, Lewis threw my bachelor party when I got married. It was, yeah, it's pretty good. He goes pretty hard with it. But the two that I've been to that I've, I went to when my ex-wife's friend Was having a bachelor party, they invited me to, I don't know why they wanted, I think they wanted me to come 'cause I'm a comedian. Like they'd come to shows already.


So as a virtual unknown still, they were like the comedian guys coming and they had a stripper there that was gorgeous who was fucking, and I went in the bathroom with her and I'm such a fucking fat schnuck. Like I went there and talked to her for 45 minutes where I started hearing people outside the door going like, Hey man, are you done in there? He goes, who brought this fat guy who's like here? Like no one knows who I was. And I'm just hogging the stripper to chat, to chat with her. I go, yeah, I used to work in this business a little bit myself. I don't laying down her. Yeah, I try to chat her up. She had no interest. She was almost like, Hey, are we like fucking in here or not?


I was like, nah, you got do your thing or whatever. You Know, you got enough. You got enough on your plate. You was trying to have industry talk. There Was a guy, It's time to talk biz. There was a guy who used to come to my shows, always became friendly with him. But I opened for Bobby Slate in a million years ago at the West Palm Improv. And afterwards all these people that came to see him and the host of the show who was like a local player, we like, they, oh, we gotta go to strip club, we have to go to the strip club. We went and this guy l, who I became friends with, was one of the managers there. And he was like, you know, pick a girl or whatever. It was just like free reign. And he was always like that kind of like dude. And a few years back, it was in the Comedy Inn in Miami, which is a small little room.


Yeah. In the motel basically. Whoa. And he's like, I'm coming. And he goes, I got a new, this is a couple years back. He goes, I got a new company too. I'm bringing a couple of the girls. He's like, and they want a party. And I'm just like, yeah man. Sure. Yeah. So him and his buddy come, they bring these two girls who were like super ghetto, like Hispanic girls. Both cute though. And he was like, Hey, you wanna go? He goes, they wanna go like smoke with you or something before the show. Why don't you take them to like your room or whatever, which is a motel room right there. So I was like, yeah. And I went in there and smoked pot with 'em, talked to 'em for a a while And then I was like, but my thing is, so like, like me and Lewis where we have different opinion on this a lot of times, like Lewis has the why He says he could fuck a hooker is rooted in, he thinks he's like, this must be a nice change for you.


Huh? Like getting the fuck me. Instead of like what you think, I assume I'm the other end of that spectrum. So I'm like, oh God, this girl's like gonna have to wash me off later. Just being like, what am I, I gotta get my kids back from social services and get my shit together. So like that's how, yeah, that's a fair, that's fair. Yeah. I would feel the same way. That's how I feel. Like, I feel like, I'm like, they're like, well, this is my job I have to do. And Yeah, clearly he told them they should like do something and fuck around with me because you know, I'm hooking 'em up with tickets or whatever to this, this little To the Comedy Motel. Comedy club. Yeah. Yeah. So, but in my mind I'm going like, you know what, they're both cute and I'm like, I'm, they're gonna come to the show after the show.


They're probably gonna really want to fuck me. Yes. Maybe it would be the best thing. Yes. Or at least I can convince myself. Yeah, I agree. Now they're like, oh, I saw you do your thing. Yeah. So yeah, now we kind of wanna do this. Yeah. Let me see you do your thing now. Yeah. After the show, I'm talking to them, I think even a little before the show, they're both giving you, of course their, like you said, no one gets out of it unscathed. Like they're both given, they're like, it's like my boyfriend hates that I do this, man. Like, if he beats the shit at me one more time, my dad's gonna kill him. Oh God. He's just gonna talk like that. And you're like, okay. Oh, then I'm sitting outside bullshitting with the two of them and the two guys. My buddy Lauren and his buddy and like, So I Told you these chicks wanted to party, dude. Killing Ty. Yeah. I mean, really killing Ty. Yeah. And then the guy eventually goes like, Hey man, we're gonna get outta here pretty soon.


So, you know, if you wanna take the girls and hang out for a little bit, like, you know, now's the time. And I remember just touching him on his arm and I went, give him the night off, man. Just Give him the night off, man. How'd they react to that? Were they like, oh sweet. No, they were almost puzzled. Like everyone, he was even like, no man. Like the girls came to like party and stuff. I was like, I know, but like even that sentence. Yeah. It's like they came in and they were like, they know me and my stuff. Like they came to party because you were like, Hey, you girls wanna do coke tonight? Probably. Yeah. For free and drink. Go fuck this guy. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah, I'm All right. You think he was gonna try to get you the bill? He was gonna hit you with the bill too.


He didn't have a tab or Anything. Not even sort of, see, he Was just hooking you up. Absolutely. But I couldn't, I'm with you. I would've done that. I don't know, it's, I just, I get it. I get it complete, but I have to believe or at least be able to believe in some way. Like, you want to do this? Yes. Not like you will, I will fuck you. Yeah. Hurts. Yeah. I will say that. It must have been, I, I don't know if you did this that night, the fab sesh must've been decent though. S like there were two hookers in your room. I feel like that'd be a nice Fab sesh. Now I've hit the post like strip club. Yeah. FAP sesh where you're like, I could've, ah. And then you go home and you're like, damn this I, 'cause you're horny. Why are you jacking off? You're like, damn, this would've been so much clue. So fucking lady. Yeah. And then you come And you go, oh, thank God.


Exactly. The second you're done, you come And go. Both fucking great. Not bad person. This part of Your brain comes back online. It's like Going on the road before I ever had a laptop, you know, for years that wasn't really a thing that everybody had a laptop. So on the road was a hilarious race. You'd either find, you'd either had that local newspaper, whatever that weird arts paper is that would have hooker ads, the Yellow Pages and the E channels Girls Gone Wild Infomercial. And it was a race to like, can I just jerk off and not make a terrible mistake right now? Yeah. And you have to remind yourself, you go, as soon as it's over, you're gonna be like, I don't really have $200 to be thrown around like that or whatever. You know what I mean? Like all of it's so bad.


As soon as you're done, you're like, perfect night. You really made the right decision there, big guy. Thank You girls going wild. I mean it was no ding, ding, Ding, ding, dinging. We were probably hitting, we were all probably hitting the same commercial a couple times. Big time. You know how when it was like, if you look at the moon, dude, I'm pretty sure anytime on earth if we stare at the moon at the same time's. True. There's, it's like those girls are are wild. We went somewhere out there guys Catching a stern. If you had like a lady naked, I'd be, we were probably catching it at the same time. You see Stern, you'd be like, fuck dude. Fuck dude. I'm not trying to jerk the stern. Fuck outta your stern. Outta your stern. You look like a witch. It does look like a witch. It Does. Looks like a brew high. He is a brew high dude. Howard Stern. Yeah, He's a Jew high. He's a Jew high. He's a bitch.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool from Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law not available in all states.


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting. However you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


But yeah, that's the best getting like do, I mean, squiggle vision was the fucking ultimate. I wish. Yeah. Horny. I was on the road when sny Did with fucking Horny dad. With Splice channel. Yeah. Oh yeah. Spice Channel. And then I got a, at one point I, one of my first roommates in New York worked for the cable company. So we had Unlocked Spice and Playboy channel and like those are really like that was still the airbag. Everything was on DVD or you had to down, so it was like you did it, but it was like so not good. The Playboy channel. Yeah. It's still like the fact that they made any kind of what you would describe as vanilla pornography. Yeah. In the world is still strange to me. Did it exist like, Like soft core you're saying?


Or just not Even soft, just idea of was naked women, But Yeah. Yeah. They weren't even doing anything. It was just naked women. Yeah, maybe just the naked women stuff. But I mean like just all of it's gotten so like, like the fact that anyone can go back and be like, what? Whatever we like do Max Magazine has the 50 hottest bikini babes pictorial. Like who gives this shit? Yeah. Yeah. It's like there's a girl that's pretty taking a dump and a sink on the internet And That I can eat it if I those things out. You know what I mean? Exactly. I can get a vial of it sent to my house. I'm gonna suck that bile Down. I'm interviewing in a few weeks, I believe. Where we got far Abraham. And I told the person who's sending her to her. Who's that? So who?


That's the Teen to do some Research. That's MTV's teen mom. Oh, All right. And then she started doing like porn. She did a couple porn videos, like pro porn videos. Then she started doing like cam stuff. But then Lamar, you're familiar with this. Then she took a video of herself for somebody taking a dump that is the, I don't know where this dump was inside of her tiny body. She smoked, she Smoked out a toilet, but she smoked one out for the OF. Well she's not she shit throw on the floor. But like an animal. But I mean it is a shit I've watched so many times because it's fascinating. It's like a cork pops, like one little shit comes out and then two straight feet of connected shit.


And then do You have this on your phone? Yeah. Somewhere. Because I'd like to take a look at this Don. So She segued teen moms into her OnlyFans. I mean she's proud. What does she know? Yes, she's still teen mom. She's dropping chocolate babies. She Probably her thirties, but now her thirties. But now she's, she, she Dropped her magnum opus. She's doing, She's Doing standup comedy. What? Obviously, So her first time standup comedy is gonna be at a strip club in New York. So she's coming on the bonfire to promote it. Yeah. It's so sick. And I told the person, I was like, first thing I'm asking about is this dump You mean bro? I go, I don't know. I know there's no audio on it, So I have to assume. As soon as it was fun, it finished come out. Did you go Who? I can't wait to see this.


It's pretty good cork. You've Seen it for sure, right? Someone underrated it. Just a cork pop. I might be a cork pop. I, but you know, just caught it after the cork pops. I need to see just, I never caught the poop but I, I've seen her other work. Damn dude. Just a rogue lady. Just five. She probably, probably like five cappuccinos a day. Five whipped cream. Starbucks a day. Just brewing the two footer. Brewing The two Footer. She shoulda held it up like a fisherman at the end. Like Yeah, you watch Python So I see two feet. You might have to take a picture. Yeah, you might have like a hunter. Yeah, you gotta sit over it with Dan or something. This might Be a job.


Imagine be the guy, get all that bang for your buck being like, I didn't think it was gonna be this amazing. Yeah, I thought it was being like a pathetic girl. Turd turns That OF guy must have you did that come, I get jealous of those guys who can like just have that aspect of your life where you're just constantly scheming. All like filming the girl dating. No, that would add such a charge to like your whole life. Be like, It's tough to get porn here. Governor Abbott's locking down the turd porn. I know, dude. Oh No. Turn porn. Turd. Porn should be the most legal of all. I don't Have a VP For turd porn. It should be equal with child porn. To me, if you're watching tur porn, you should be in fucking prison getting beat up.


But here's, here's other guys in there. They're like you the tur porn guy. You should be a pc. Yeah. My thing is, it's just, it's not even sexual. I'm taking a dump. I'd be like, governor, I'm like, you're the one getting horny. This Governor, your Honor, I just wanted to make sure this lady was healthy. Taking a proper dump. This, this Jeff, Bing. Bing will have it. Yeah. I mean this is, so she, was it like a private video that got leaked? No, no, no. This is for somebody who paid her to do it. For sure. That's what I'm saying. But like it was it on the pub, like public chain, like the public page or like how did this vid get out? I guess you can't keep it to yourself. You tell 12 people who basically told the world It's true. Show 12 of your, I mean that video with nothing would fa spread faster than that though.


Really gross. That's why it spread. So you got it Sean? No, I just, I'd like to see it bunch I it for you. When I was, I just, just, I had a bunch of scat pornography. He might be a shit porn guy. That's the number one showed Voice of the ship. That's Kind of smell. He's kind of smelled it doubting us right now. He is like, oh, I got Right here on my phone, Don. But I found out I don't like this stuff. It's in the file I have here. No, I don't like it. It's in my homework file. That's not true. You got the voice of a scat man. One of us had, there gotta be one shitty one guy in this Room. Scoo. B. B. Did you get it Buddy? Guardian? Did you get it? I got it for you. It's Just black ladies pooping Or they dropping.


Hang on, Take. Oh no. This is an impressive hotter. Hotter than I. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't Sick Though. Yeah. Is she, is she talking to me? Yeah. No dude. No. Now you'll see. No, No. All right, here we go. The first one's not impressive. It looks like this. No, now the first one's just gonna pop out. That's the cork. Oh. Now here one foot, two feet.


That's like three and a half. And then, then Oh. So if you guys have any questions you want me to ask her? Yeah, they injected. They injected that. I think that was fake. You'd like to think that That was a legit dump. Yeah. Trucker dump. Dude, Shane, you've had a problem always appreciating others' talents. Yeah, that could be. I mean the cork. The cork is the craziest detail. That's no Way. Yeah, that might be the real deal. Been the first thing All breaks out. Yeah. And then Do you, do you think there, there might, here, here's my question I'd like to ask her. Is there some sort of prep if you know you got a big, like, you know, Gardenia hit you up, you know you have the big D.


How do you, I have to assume, what's The regimen? Do you like hit a bunch of fiber? It seems Like she was stacking 'em for sure inside of herself. Because that's, I mean those Three dumps, It was, I mean, when she was done, in fact she just like, they showed the longer one. Like she turns around and it's kinda like, did you like that? And I was like, how are, you know, like taking a little CS day after that. That's one when you're done you gotta go. Wow. That must have been in there for a while. Yeah, She just passed that like nothing. She goes, yeah, I'll tell you shit. A big fucking two coiler. God Bless her heart. Yeah, I, it, it gotta Be, people need to do notes. Oh yeah. They probably go super fiber, Watch very shit. Probably super fi. It's like fiber powder probably for two days.


Knowing they have the big video coming. Definitely the most famous person to ever make a shit video. Blippy. Remember Blippy did that? The Harlem Shake video? Yeah. That's All it is. Blippy, the guy who was the kid's entertainer before he became a child entertainer made it. You remember that Harlem Shake dance. Everyone would do like Bubu, Bubu bum. Yeah. He took a video where he was sitting on the to it was him on the, no, his friend was on the toilet and he just shit all over his friend Like An explosive. And then Blippy just popped off and everyone was just like, whatever. My kid likes this show. Did you ever, you guys ever watch the old Allegedly The allegedly the old, what's his name called? Matt Chuck Berry. The old Chuck Berry videos. Chuck. Chuck Berry farts. One of the funniest.


Yeah. He goes, gimme that fog. I love the lady's face. She's like, yeah, Yeah. He goes, Ooh, get that fog. Yeah, sure. Head bob back out of it. Whoa, there it is. It's real. You like that fog? Farting. Farting in hooker's faces is fucking wild. I Mean, you're paying for it. I Guess. You gotta be able to do what you want. I Mean even back then there was no like, I mean there was a newspaper but there you didn't think anything would ever get out. Like if you farted a hooker's face, there'd be a part of your head being like, this is gonna be on Buzzfeed. Yeah. You would just think this is gonna make its way back then it was just like, I can literally Do.


He he he must've He filmed it. Yeah, He Filmed it. I, I don't want to again, what the fuck release those days? This is speculation. Huge chance. That was like a 13-year-old girl. Huge chance Time. Back in like the Fifties. You could park, what is it like The fifties? No, you could see it. Okay. There's a video of it. She's S like old hookers. They're like actually pretty gnarly looking hookers. Yeah. Yeah. Take that back. I mean, they're hitting farts. I Was just venturing to like, back then you could really that those dude did like everything. Yeah. Like Led Zeppelin. Apparently they're letting the lead out. They're getting, they're letting the lead Out. I mean that was, I take that back On Howard Stern a few years back, one of the like the famous groupies like from like BBBL or one of them like came in to talk and kind of do like a tell all book and like just so casually the way she goes.


Oh yeah. Like, I dunno if she lost her virginity, but she was like, when she was 15, she basically got gang banged by the Allman Brothers like backstage. But the difference is she's just going like, oh it was great. Like, because she's telling a story like that. It just gets no legs. Like no one cares. The Allman Brothers bro. Yeah. That's crazy. The Allman Eskimo brothers dude. Hell yeah. Bold the almond Brothers. Oh True. Now we're talking. That's just a joke for you. A me. No, that's not for the pot. I thought You were pointing to bold. I'm like, that is quite bold. That point at that jar of almonds. Oh that's so fucking funny. The Almond Brothers. Almond Brothers. Come on now. Come On now. Damn. You think the almond brothers are like laying pipe like that? I don't. I don't. Definitely. You think they were laying pipe?


I mean they're 15 year olds. The Seventies. The seventies. Yeah. Back then. When did you used be able to get your driver's license? I don't know. I don't think they even did it back then. Shame on you Allman Brothers. I just think allegedly was also tough. Yeah, true. Allegedly shame Behavior left. But I think there's also something to like, like I said, these things were like people, it was like, it wasn't like they were like seeking out 15-year-old girls. It seemed like 15-year-old girls were trying to get backstage to fight. I think it was a time where people accepted like where you fell over. Just like the overall laws. It's like, yeah, if you're some kind of scraggly Yeah. Rotten homed kid.


Like you're probably gonna be out there fucking at like 14, 15 years old. Do you know what I mean? Or if like, you know, there's, I'm sure there was also, there's 15-year-old girls who would be like, do what? Go where. Huge chance. The brothers don't even remember it. They're probably sitting somewhere. And I came on, they're like, huh. Yeah. The hell. That'd be a tough one. Yeah. Feeling that one. Yeah. And Jimmy Page right here, had the other one used the famous one. He had like a child bride. Yep. They were partying bro. Rock stars. Were they rock stars? Were they pedophiles? Yeah. It's hard to say. It's an intense party though. Alleged child pussy must be great. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. You alleged child pussy allegedly talking about it 50 years later.


Yeah, it's Fine. Yeah. Stood the test of time, kid pussy. Yeah. You know, it was great in the day. Puy, our whole Government seemed disarray about It. The Epstein stuff went off. Society's collapsing over the weight of of kid pussy. It's not like Drew kid Dickens balls. Kid balls. That's the the Epstein thing. They were like, how many people? They don't, you know, they interview all the one, they never, you know when they got the, the Olympic Dr. Guy, right? Remember he was like fingering all the Yes Naer When they got him. Like every victim showed up. It was like 300 victims like showed up to be like, you did this, you fucked me over. Yeah. Epstein where they were get pulling those girls from, there is a bulk of those chicks that were just like, yeah, it was a good way to make 400 bucks.


You know, watch an old man whack off. It's the uncle. It's the Uncle Eddie thing. Remember when Uncle Eddie in Philly, like when he got arrested, like people were like, oh man, damn. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we, if we went to the mall, we would just go take a dump at fucking Ed's house and show him our wiener and he'd give us 50 bucks. Yeah. He was such a legend here when I was growing up Was nobody was, It was like happy when he got put away. They were like, fuck dude. My fucking, Yeah, that was My mall money. That was when I was little. Like there's a guy, he carries around a pizza box and he will say, if you give him your underwear, he will give you 50 bucks. 50 bucks. And he'll put 'em in the pizza box. How old are you? I'm 39. I'm 47. I mean that, that thing went around for, this guys' Are legends. He's total Fucking legend. He guy a legend. I'm the only brothers.


You're the kid. You're going. I had a good fucking time. I genuinely had the thought in my head when they just described when I was a kid. Be careful that school would say, there's a guy who wants, he's asking kids for their dirty underwear or use underwear. And I genuinely remember having a thing and I'm like, where is this motherfucker? Like I will give him my, I wasn't putting it together. That was like any kind of a gay thing or, so my, yeah, I'm like, I guess he's just a fucking freaky weirdo. Yeah. And I was like, yeah dude. I go, It does sound like a mythical Yeah dude. Yeah. I wouldn't even throw out, like I said, if I had skidmark underwear when I was a kid, he'd be like, nice. Yeah. I mean, I'm gonna say these for a school day In case. Played against sports catches walking, just played against sports. Pretty penny right there. But those guys would call Howard Stern with those Philly accents were so great.


Like yeah, he went over, he goes, my boy took a fucking dump on his chest. It was crazy. And then I'd show him my dingling and we'd get outta there. My Dad had a, my dad had a nice little creep. Legendary pervert. Yeah. Legendary pervert that would give you crits if you showed him a dick. What Butter? Scotch. Butter Scotch. Nice. Yeah. Whole packer. Just One. And Phil, Phil was out in the woods. So that was big Dude. Dude, I knew somewhere in the world that tasty cakes were being used for evil. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. How did he get that cake to stay so moist? According to Phil, he never did it. But how's It shelf stable in that moist? Yeah. Yeah. His one boy would go for it all the time and then split the crits with my dad. Yeah. Phil was pimping out his boy. He was Pimping. That's Awesome. Show me peanut. I Appreciate that. Small fog. Yeah. I feel like that was always the kid that would sell candy in school was the same kid that also we run run boy ass for a local pedophile.


I got a couple iron in the fire. I'm doing a little candy thing. A little resell. BJ's Costco candy thing. I'm running boy ass to some local pads, some local pedo. Bring a Kid dick to a weirdo for cupcakes. What exactly did you have to do? Like show this. I Think they just show him your dick. But You have a good pedophile sting house Shane. Yeah, right here. This is a great pedophile sting. I was, yeah. We were just watching to catch a predator. I know. That's one of your all time Favorites. It's so good. Yeah, I've been on three, four pet, three or four pedophile stings pretty wild. How are they? And you did it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't take part. I was, well it took minimal part. Yeah, when I, when my last special came out, the guys dad's against Predators. Those are the ones now who just beat the guys up. Yeah, Yeah.


Completely shove 'em in like the cupcakes at Walmart. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I went with them and like I went up to hang out with them and it was funny when they had the guy cornered in the grocery store, he was cornered and they were like yelling at him, giving a bunch of shit in the grocery and yelling when I walked by I, I was You're in the Instagram liveing. Oh no, I was Instagram liveing when I walked by because it'd be like, I was going like, Hey, I'm watching like these guys. Yeah. Do their pedophile hunt as I'm walking by those guys to fuck with the, which is also funny when you do the pedophile hunts. There is something to the idea though. It's like they take it seriously but also not that seriously. Yeah. They make jokes like themselves about it. So the guy, when they was walking by the guy, they look at me and the guy goes, He says that a pedophile. He goes, you fucking know Big Jerson is.


And the guy was like, no. And I just go, oh, you hear, you hear my voice. Just go, oh, like a views of view. And at the end of it, they take him out to a field and they make him stand in a can. Call his mother and tell her he's a pedophile. And then go big gilson's dog belly available, whatever. Holy on YouTube. Shit dude. I went to a sting house one where the girl lures the, the guys over. That was pretty wild. That was a at the sting house. This is Jay. This is insane. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's wild. Yeah. The sting house one first guy comes over, we hide in a bedroom for we're hiding in a bedroom with with the camera guy. Shit is here.


It's Gotta be so weird Dude. And you hear like through a window it's like, like So I little bit nervous here goes. Yeah, it was, how Excited are you when pedophiles in the house? Like a real life pedophile tense. Yeah. It's gotta be crazy. Yeah, he might have a gun. It's real true. I didn't even think about that. But that has happened. It's real, it's definitely a dangerous thing for sure. But the, so the, the first guy comes in and like very quick as like she's talking to him for like five minutes. And then by the way, I don't know why everyone I do these with, they always do this to a pedophile. She had in the background purposely my special playing and she and he, and when the guy comes in he goes, this is big jerson.


He's like, you know who he is? And he was like, nah. And I think someone said fat at one point about it. I was like, right. I'm squatting down in the back room like right dude. Yeah. Fuck you. Guess what? Mikeno and Dylan with me. I'm like, what a Dick. Guess What's about to happen to you? Yeah. Oh I'm fat you. You're Fuck. I'm fat. Oh I'm fat. You just hear in the background. Come on dude. He goes, what's that? I thought nobody else was here. As soon as we went out or the camera guy went out, that guy was like, oh. And he ran off hauled ass immediately. As soon as he got on camera, second guy came and they had a whole like thing with him.


Whoop. Yeah. Yeah. Really? That's the ski da. That's the ultimate ski da whoop. Nope. Wrong house. So that guy, guy, the YouTube channels have a lot of views. Second guy hung in there for a while and talked to them. But that night I was in Indianapolis that night. She came to the pedophile hunter girl, Courtney Elizabeth. She came to the show and her and her partner said that that day when they posted the thing, they have moderators who live in Indianapolis, even though she lives in Wisconsin, their moderators live in Indianapolis. And she was like, when they put the video up, the two moderators are brother and sister. And they both go, the guy who just ran out right away, the guy who said nothing after the camera came in, he goes, oh.


And ran off. They go, that's my cousin. Oh. And then the other moderator goes, that's my cousin, their brother and sister, that's my cousin. And they started realizing like they, they in that two seconds dude, it like fucking ripped their whole family apart. The the guy that left immediately Him the hunted trail. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How wild is that? Like the moderator's cousin happened to be one of the people they caught. Do you ever see that's the Chris Hanson one, when the guy, he rides the train with walks in. Do you ever see that? He's like, what are you doing here man? What are you doing here? He's so upset with him. Why are you here? I see you every day on the train. And then I went with the guy, the big guy from Houston, Texas, Alex something. The big beard. You've probably seen him before.


Yeah, I know that guy. I went with him before and we didn't get anybody. But that's where I saw like the danger of how it could go. 'cause Walmart parking lot, we pulled up next to the guy, the guy didn't, wasn't out of his car yet. And the guy fucking threw, I mean 70 miles an hour in a Walmart parking lot hit a speed bump. And I mean his car like rattled boom, boom, boom, boom. He hit the mugging dudes. But he got on The, he got on the highway and like they were like, we're not chasing him onto the highway. Yeah. Like that's too dangerous at that point. But I thought what the most interesting thing so far about it was that of all the things I've with the pedophile hunters was that because I'm like that guy was so, he didn't know if we were there to kick his ass.


Yeah. He didn't know if we were related to the thing. He didn't know if we were cops. He didn't know everything. The instinct that guy had at all. I like if that car would've, if the doors and car would've fallen apart around him, when he hit that speed bump, he would've just continued running onto the highway. He was just like, I was like, wow, I've never seen somebody really run for their life that was like a genuine, like this guy thought his life was over. If he doesn't get away from this, he was giving it everything he had. Which is pretty, Yeah, you're gonna get shot by a pedophile. Right. So I don't do him anymore. Yeah, you shouldn't definitely Shot by a pedophile. Get shot by a pedophile. Which sucks. That's such a shitty way to die. Shot by died at the hand of a pedophile, shot by a pedophile in a buffalo Wild Wings, parking lot but's bleeding out in front of a fucking target. His Dad's against predators guys.


Guy's been shot twice now What? And he keeps going. And they're the ones that are aggressive like this. They The fuck out guys. They can't wait to like punch the guy in the face. Yeah. I just saw one that was very funny. The guy like walks down the island. He is like, All right, I knew this was coming. Hey. He's like, I know what you're up to. I know what I'm up to. Let me talk to Me. Oh, there's some great ones. He Was very, he was slow. He was mentally There's, oh that's, he couldn't do it. That's all in order. S for you. Last week just did a finally an episode on that. Like the, you're doing a pedophile sting And you catch a guy who came there to like watch cartoons and hug. 'cause he has like down syndrome and it's like prosecuting him the same way. Yeah. And that is the thing. It's like most of the pedophile hunts, like that's what you're getting.


You're getting a person who would've showed up if you said the the kid was boy girl. Yeah. Eight years old or 85 years old. They can't believe anyone's responding to 'em. Wants to hang out. Oh That's so sad. So they do, it is a sad thing to see when they catch those people. And they got a big fat guy on one of those podcasts. I think I saw that. I think I may have showed it to you. They said the mom sounds like bees or the moms died. The mom of the pedophile. But they just right in front of the mom, they make him put on like a seven x shirt that says I lick ass. 'cause it's something he said to the girl. There's this fat guy named Jamie and he just stands there while the guy reads the things in front of his mother. Oh. And the mother's just such a, a weird old twat. And she's, every time he goes and then it says, I wanna, I wanna suck your little pussy until, until you come and howl for the moon.


And she'll be like, Jamie, what? Well that's bullshit. He doesn't, you don't even know how to Do that. Oh, it's so funny, Hal. She sounds like me dude. Crazy dude. She sound, I don't know why, like she was like, reminds me of like beating it not sounds like him. It's just like, it looks like it would be ER's mom that bullshit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jamie. Ah god. And then they're like, can you not make this a big deal? Because the bitch who runs this apartment complex wants this out already And it is grounds for dismissal. Damnit Jamie. And She's like, and by the way, the whole thing when they're giving like this crime that they committed, it's so funny when like the mother caretakers are always like, well then that's it.


You're giving me your phone. Young man Grounded. Yeah, you're giving me your phone. They're like, it's a little bigger than that. But, and then I show, I think I showed you the, the midget guy before who they catch four times where eventually a mid file. Yes. Eventually midget File. A midget file. Eventually the cops, eventually the cops in the fourth video get mad at the guy who's stinging him and goes like, he goes like, they're like, Hey, leave this guy alone. He shows up every time because he can't believe for again. And he's so dumb. The first time they showed up at his house, by the way, all of his things are like, I love you. He's already saying I love you. He's like a retarded midget guy. And he's saying, I love you a bunch to this like fake girl.


And then they ask him, he goes, you know the, the fake girl's like what are we doing today? He goes, just playing basketball. And like he writes and she goes, she goes, oh yeah, you, youre really tall. He, he's like, you know, he is like four or 11 I could dunk though. And she's like, she goes, really? He's like, yeah, it's pretty easy for A tall guy holding me up. Yeah. He's on my waist. He's just a retarded guy. And every time the cops show up he's like, no. He starts running around around around crazy. Yeah. And he runs around crazy and then the neighbor will always come over and be like, just can you leave? Like I'd, So I kind of look after him a little bit. Like, guys, this is not a real problem. You're, you're having a, and the guy Seeing a special needs little person over and over again. And The guy was so retarded.


He Had a helicopter butler. It's Over and over again. They show when he leaves, He, I'm, he runs around like the little guys in Halo. He does. It's like He does. Oh God. He never quite gets it. Yeah. As soon as they leave the first time the same night, they just to see if they can, they just me messaged 'em back and they go, they go, sorry about that. That was my uncle. That was my uncle. He gets really pissed off and he was like, that was weird. And then she was like, yeah, but it's okay. He's going back to, I think she says he going back to England tomorrow and he's clearly, he's an American guy. He goes, it's okay. He's going back to England, the Marty. He goes, okay, well I mean I still love you.


Like am I gonna get to see you? And then they, they just do it again. The fourth time they catch him at a car dealership And he's getting Outta, he gets getting outta his car and he goes, are you? And he goes, they go, Hey Jason. And he still doesn't recognize him. Still he's retarded. He goes, he goes, oh hey. And he go and he goes, what are you here for? He goes, get a car. He goes, do you, would you like to get a 13-year-old car? And he goes, what? He goes, are you here for a 13-year-old? He goes, No. And He says like Running for his life. And then the thing he like, get outta here. Get outta here. I Mean, and that's the one where the cops show up and they go, yo. Yeah. Stop Block his number. Whatcha doing?


Like leave This guy alone. He's, I've never gotten any puss. He kid or otherwise. Yeah, it's entrapment. Leave the man Alone. That's really fucked up. They should, they Should have a clause. Like they should amend the law. Like if you are, you know, an in R-rated Midge, they should just, they should just go. That's up to the parents' discretion. Yeah. I mean it's really, it's That think good high school sweetheart. You should Be allowed to it's Prom date. No, get him outta here. Boston. Him at prom 10 times taking the prom picture and we got him. No, now we're just fucking with you.


Get out there dance again. You can make a remake. Remember Carrie, You can Make a remake. It's a new Carrie. It's his revenge. Yeah. He goes luckily at Midges telekinesis. Yeah, he's, they're all, I mean there was the famous one as the Chris Hansen where the guy started eating pizza. Yeah, just, just watch that One. We saw that. It's one of the best ones ever. He goes, you wanna slice? No, it's cool. He's scarfing that he didn't even care. Yeah, he's changed his name and moved. That's what he did. That must've been the craziest acid reflux. Just getting like getting caught as a pedophile and crushing like half a zombie. And that was the, and it was the grease Cup on, he was folding them too.


He was folding. Oh. I've never seen someone gr up that hard. Like, I mean he grub like it was while getting in trouble. He hit a fucking hard grubs. It's 'cause he thought it Was gonna make him look more natural. He did. True. He did. It really Did. He goes, Hmm. He goes, I guess I'm a pervert. And they're like, did did you say this? This goes, mm. When he's showing he's like, you got the text. He's like, oh shit, you have the transcripts. Fuck. There's Also those great compilations of Chris Hanson doing like the, I mean it's told his before like the, I like his first line when he tries to play off what they say is always the best. The guy's like, it's like where you at? Then the girl will be like, I'm upstairs, I'll be down in a second.


He is like, I can't wait to kiss. You're like, would you like to kiss me Frank? He comes outta that. Yeah. Clear. There's a cloth in the hallway that he opens. You go, oh there's, you know, that's normal. Yeah. Would You like to, he goes, don't mind that, that's Video village back there. We've talked about it before but when they get Indian guys, yeah it's the best. Just a foreigner. That's just like, what's the problem? They should be like my parents range. I would dime I be, my parents set this up. That wasn't me. Yeah. An Indian marriage has been arranged. You an Indian guy's the one who got naked right away when he came in. Yeah. Like fully naked and just started walking around. That was an Indian guy. And then the other one was the kid who got caught twice in like the back to back days.


And the second time they pull up on a back Days they go, what are you Doing man? And he goes, oops. Getting caught back to back days. Like over. You go, All right, back to the drawing board. There's no way I get caught. Alright, now we know what to look for. Yeah. Oh Did you? There's a, so it's funny, and I know they're trying to get more of like a police involved thing. Like catch a predator was like an official with police they're working with and there's I guess another one called underage Undercover on it's like discovery or something. Well, max had it. It was, they did two seasons of it. And what's funny about that is going on the ones that I've gone on, how fast they'd be like, All right, well it's three 15. He said he was coming at three.


This guy's f flaking, he's not answering anymore. And you know, with that sting house even we're like, All right, well it was nice to meet you guys. We're gonna take off. And they go, no, no, no. Hang on two sec. I mean, I'm not kidding. Go on. Hey, my parents are gone. Oh my, could you come over? God, can you be here in 15 minutes? I'll be right over. I mean, to catch a person willing to fuck a 13, 14-year-old. Yeah, that's wild. So they will though, like there's, there's no like loss of like getting them at all. But this, but again, I don't know how much outside of like court of public opinion and ruining your personal life doesn't really end up in a lot of like arrests and stuff. But it's like with the, to get the arrest, what they have to do. That's why I found it so funny that they can just go, Hey, I am 14 and I have a vagina who wants to fuck.


And like people will start coming the underage undercover. They overdo it. So it's like a whole house they've rented and each room's like decorated to a different girl character. And they have the things with fake braces. So like you see 'em like working through each other. Like, she's like, okay, So I am supposed to watch him masturbate at like four o'clock today. So like, so they'll go, you know, put on like pigtails and little girl things and sit in Indian end style and then holding like another girl's hand off camera who's like going like, sorry, you're doing so good. And she's like, it's great. Then you just hear the guy like, y Wait, they go for it. They, it's like they let the pedophiles do it.


It's almost my point is that like, I don't think you have to get this Much. They did. Yes. They go, okay. By the way, after like four masturbation sessions and talking on the phone every day to 'em and going through all this thing, they'll be like, okay, we think we know what state he lives in. Like they're trying To like, it's like Each season's like to get like one little piece of information about a guy. It's like how come every other person just go, yeah we do. Hey look in the fuck I'm 12 And someone goes, I fuck a 12-year-old. I don't care. I'll Come over. You're gonna jail. It's Like nonstop things. Like they, It's too long. Gotta let him finish. It's like the South Park episode where he is like, I'm going undercover as a prostitute. Wow Daddy, that show wasn't allowed to come Freeze freezes the best.


Damn. Are they recording them and just sit through in it and be like, damn. Right. And like the girl off Camera, the Girl off camera like holding her hand going like, you're being so strong right now. You're being, and then it's like, by the way, also, whenever a guy goes, starts jerking off, you're pretending you're a kid. You could be like, so my parents are calling. I'm so sorry I have to go. They just go like, they let him finish and they're like, I like it. Like there's no reason to get, the guy keeps deep on her better for what they're doing. You got 'em. If I'm the pedophile, he's texting Sexual. If I'm the pedophile, I'm going back to that house and I'm, by the fourth time it's like, no, I knew she was 20. Yeah. Yeah. This is a show. This has Been great. I bet This is so great. If you catch one of the people you know as that show Underage of recovery, he goes, I thought we were just doing a little role player.


Yeah, I Was fucking around. Obviously she's 20. Yeah. Here's her IMDB. She's an extra, I was a Hanson. Just give Chris Hansen a big kiss. Be like, this is all for You. Yeah. I came here to meet you. I was trying to work my way up. That's A good movie to keep going to kids houses and be like, where's Chris Hansen? Just trying to make Chris Hansen. That's what you do. You walk in And you be like, All right, I know I was fucking around real. Where's Chris? Is he here? Yeah. That way he comes out and be like, oh, I knew you Were here. Yeah, we're giving you Guys some Came, any pedophiles out there? We're giving you some nice hacks or something. We Should, we should do a million dollars worth of game for pedophiles. Guys who knew guys in the nineties came. This is allegedly Spotify. Allegedly. Every in the nineties though, people would find like their thing and then just kind of stick with that.


Like Mari Povich the show. What used to be like, you were my school bully. Look at me now and this and that now girl. And it was like, yeah, a hot lady. Yeah, really Look at me now. What do you think? By the way, that was the best when those Boys, you're still fucking gay. Yeah. And Those boys, dude, when those boys would go, especially with a girl, it's like she was a fat girl in school. Goes now she's like a bikini model. It's like, look what I goes, remember how mean you were to me And it's like, seems to have affected you And you really made some positive life changes. You're welcome. Yeah. Like this really thing Should make now can we get this over with? But then he and Kiss You still wanna fuck me. Clearly. I like to Out had me flown here. But Mari Povich figured out like the paternity test for the whole thing. Jerry Springer realized cheating and fights for the whole thing. Yeah. And Chris Hansen, Chris Hansen was just like Dateline NBC.


Like here's a story about a small town murder or corruption in politics. And, and then it was like, nope, he's the pedophile guy. He's the guy. And now he gets to curse. He loves it. The ones online. Yeah. The true blue ones. He loves it. 'cause he gets to read now he gets to really read the, what you say here. You wanted to suck her ass. It's a Yeah. He goes, Yeah, but I mean sucking ass. That means like, I mean like, you know like, Like compliment. I think. I think it was a later season, he hit one guy. He was like BBC pot. BBCP. That's a bareback cream pie. I was like, Damn Chris. Damn Dude. The smoothest one he ever did was the guy who was washing his hands for the girl. Like the little wigger dude was like washing his hands.


And then Chris Hanson just walks up next to him and starts ripping off slices of paper towels to hand him. And the guy, he's washing his hands and he looks over and and he, and he takes the paper towel. He is like, Thank You. And he just tries acting. It's not weird. He goes, oh thanks. He Really makes me look. He goes, he goes, you here for the young pussy too? Oh, I didn't realize this was a party. S a couple times on Catch a Predator when the people come out and they go, oh, I thought it was just me and her. Like She's in the two dudes. Oh my God. Oh. Oh. I call Pussy dude. Oh, Catching two and making him fight for the survival will be Sweet. Yes. Winner leaves loser goes to jail.


These Are more good ideas. You still catch the guy? We're just kidding. We wanna see you guys fight. You're both gonna jail. Wow. Wow. Jay, when's your special coming out? Specialists coming out February 20th. So Thursday. When does this out? Hell yeah. Is it out already Or this should be out tomorrow or Wednesday. Yeah. Nice. It should be out on Tuesday actually. We could wait a week if you want. It's up to you guys. Whatever you guys schedule is. Whatever should be. Yeah. Double crowd work album them they first half them coming out February 20th and then a month later hell yeah. I think we're premiering the second part. At where a moon tower. Where'd you Film it? Denver Comedy Works. Oh fuck You. That's sick. That's great. Yeah. That's gonna be awesome. Any room where it's going forward? Yeah, I hope so, man.


It's like I don't watch anything or edit anything. So S one way to do it. Yeah. I turn it over to other people. Yeah. And I go, Hey you guys. Well I always figure too, I'm like, well you guys will know what you're laughing at. Yeah. It's like me, I'm gonna go, all I'm gonna look at, I go, yeah, that was pretty funny. But like why am I built like that? Those are the questions I always ask. I know. I'm selfishly like, let's just get rid of that entire camera, that angle. Because I looked at, I've asked that before. I looked like a blimp. Let's just do head on from above the entire special. Yeah. Yeah. Can we get a single camera shot? Yeah. And never the side, they were one of them on my first ever the hour special live at Webster Hall. I did, I didn't put any input into that.


And I mean they had a camera that the, seems like the job of the camera was to shoot me low from diagonal behind and swing around to the front of me. Yeah, just get the, to really give you my entire Yeah. Way too long across profile. Perfect. It's like, oh you know what? Side shoulder to shoulder to sky doesn't look that bad. And then he starts turn around and goes, oh my God. Yeah. Oh there's too much happening in the front. Yeah, it's a disaster. That's a crazy Game. I chose to sit like a dummy and I never think I, every time I go, I go and remember when you sit, especially on like a taping, like back straight, like sit on the stool, but like have like your back straight and then it's like how many seconds later before you're just like, so Yeah.


Is this you girl? Yeah. I think about it the whole time I'm on stage because I slouch like crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm just, And then if they watch you make the shoulders back moved like someone's been talking to 'em. Yeah. He Says your piece. I Do it the whole show. 'cause it's now I'm doing the round. So it's like the half the audience, the whole audience is seeing my hunched over back. And the weird thing I do with my hand behind my back, which I never thought anyone was gonna see the whole time. I'm going like this behind. Like it's really fucked up. It sounds like I'm being conversational, But you can tell I'm obviously like internally like you know, fuck who I just go Like that behind me.


I had somebody DM me like, what were you doing? Hand signals. I wanted to know what the hand signals meant. I was like, nah, it's just, Dude, I just, I've done a couple of these arenas with you now. And so they've all been great. And I sit on a stool which maybe, yeah, maybe I have to consider not doing it's, well, it's just more I like it. It's been good. I think it's fine. And it's worked well at the time. It's worked well, all of them. But the last one we did was Seattle. I think I was with you. Yeah. That was the only time I was like, I just chose a side and went with it. And then towards the end, like the last like five or six minutes of it, every time there was like a down moment, like in my own speaking you go guys, you know what's crazier?


Turn around like, oh guy. I mean it was just like A swivel chair. But then you're like, I'm not doing it for him. You just don't wanna do it for the one guy turn around. Yeah. You lose all control if you're like, yes sir. And spun around. Yeah, You Do Get a Swivel bar stool. They're All aware. I can hear each individual comment. Yeah. Change Your Pants. Your whole thing Sucks. Ah, it sucks. Fuck You. It sucks. And you can hear every single person also, there's so many people. So someone's gonna be like, Fuck you. Yeah. Turning around and be like, what did you say? Sitting back down and be, that would hurt. I was talking To guys. Yeah, for a sec. What's that?


Huh? Okay. I thought so you're just Dad in the back of the car and he's like, knock it off. Excuse me. Shut up back then. Okay. Okay. I was, last night I was talking to argue garbage guys about it and that was like, they were talking about a thing they don't like doing. And I was like, yeah. I mean, I thought I was, I was like, I'm done with Trump. I'm gonna stop doing Trump first show I did. One minute in, a guy was like, do Trump right now. I was like, All right, I guess I'm doing Trump for the rest of my fucking career. Yeah. They yell out. You can hear him. Are you sick of doing it? Trump? No. I, I love doing it. Yeah. The material, it's fun. Keeps coming. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta, well this will be out hopefully by the time SNL gets announced. So I'm gonna host SNL and in my head it's like I, I don't know what to say for my monologue.


Like I'm already like, oh shit. 'cause they, they tell you you're hosting pretty Quick. You have Like two weeks. Really? You were like, oh fuck, what do I, what am I going to say? And I was like, fuck it. Trump will say something. He will say something. Yeah. That week He's gonna work on, He'll just fucking make fun of that. He's gonna do something next week. Do you have to walk a line at all? Like not making fun of him too much? Yeah. 'cause I don't like doing that. I think that sucks. Well, it's just also obvious. I think it when comedians go out there and just every single comedian on earth is like, fuck Trump hard Man. But not even like that. But I mean like do you think he sees like no, He doesn't he see who I'm, No, but I'm saying like, does he see it as like an homage?


Do you know what I'm saying? Like it's all how people take it. Yeah. Some people say like you're making fun of him just by doing the impression. Other people are like, you're doing a great impression of him. So it's such a funny thing. Like What do you think he thinks? That's a Good Question. Yeah. Like I wonder if he saw it, if his initial reaction would be like, I, I guarantee he would not like it. He Wouldn't like it. Yeah. Well, he might get amused like a Roman senator where just Go. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Maybe. I don't know. I don't know. I've never seen him react to anyone doing an impression of him. That's true. I don't think anyone responds really well to that. We saw him If somebody does any impression. Well, I, Yeah, it's not your favorite thing. I didn't that, you know, like first Time when we had Everlast on Bonfire a couple years Back?


Oh yeah. Bert Reiser was in the studio with us. It was me and Dan still on the show. And I was like, oh, you know, it'd be really funny. I go, when Everlast gets here, let's go around the room and everybody do your impression of what's the girl's name? He was like, 70, got Pregnant from a guy named Tom Do. And then when Burke came in, he was like, ah, dude, I wouldn't do that. I was like, why? He goes, just musicians take themselves really seriously. Like he won't think it's funny. He's gonna be weird about it. And like, and he was almost giving me, Burt was giving me like a read the room thing. He is like, so like just, I wouldn't do it. And got me in my own head where I was like, yeah, I'm not, I won't even bring it up. And then when Everlast came in, after talking to him for a little bit, he was very cool.


And I was like, Hey, we have a guitar man here if you want to play a song or anything. And Burke goes, oh, oh, if you play a song, I swear to God I'll get butt naked right now. And I was like, yeah, brilliant. I'm like, bur, you told me to read the room on that. He doesn't wanna hear and impress himself. But you think one of the brilliant, one of the top Mount Rushmore of Wiggers wants his payment for doing something he already doesn't wanna do to be a man. Gets naked in the room. You read the room Burt, he's like, oh, I'll get naked if you do. Hey dude, great news. I'll get naked if you do something. Oh, I'm, you're probably really cool. So yeah, you're probably cool with the nudity of men, right? That's so funny. Hey, you grew up in a culture that's pretty like fucking awesome with gay shit.


That's such a funny move. I would get totally naked. I do. But the fact that he had the sense it's the outward, like he knew. He is like, yeah, that would not be a good thing. Like he needs somebody to go Bert. I don't think Everlast wants to see you naked as As a Reward, punishment or otherwise. Just the idea of that like, it's like a girl saying, I'll show your tit. And I know Exactly. Albert said it do like, they're like, oh, oh, Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. But hey, here, here's a deal. Yeah. If you do the thing we're asking, I will do something that no one's asked for. I love it though though. Make it forever Lasts so funny. Forever lasts. Yeah. Oh man. Who was it? Oh, what happened? Did he get naked?


No. And Everlast didn't play a song. I mean, I didn't even pursue the question. Deals play a song more because when Bert made that offer, I was like, now I don't. Now I don't have to go, Hey, we'd like you to play a song. Like, I promise that won't happen. It was more like, well, ever less. Thanks for hanging out and being here. Oh man, that's so funny. I gotta show you that episode of Tires. What? Your episode? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I should have it. We can watch it here in a second. Hell yeah. You wanna wrap it up? Let's do it. Goodbye everybody. Thanks For having Episode. Yeah. Oh yeah.