
Hey, you want one? No, I like it. It smells like Cigarettes. Ju got in our head. This one smells like cigs too. Oh, it's fucking Gardenii car. That's why it's Ad's car. He's purifying the mics with tobacco. Like a Native American shaman. Dude, he's blowing tobacco smoke into them. I'm sorry. I'll clean 'em. No, Thank You. I like the smell. It's actually kind of nice. This Is the, this is the bit I was waiting for. What's Fucking paper straws No more. We're, We're done. No more. This is my last one. No more. We're gonna fucking, we're gonna go back and put all the plastic rings around the dolphins, necks under Trump. It's gonna be awesome. We're gonna get this country cookie. Do You Know what he said when he was signing it? What he's like, and I think the sharks are gonna be okay, is they're eating everything in the ocean.


S like, All right. Alright, man. Hilarious. That is Sick to be like, sharks can bite Anything, dude. He's like, sharks can bite anything. We're gonna sign that. What's next? I had La me, Lamar went in the ocean for the first time this weekend. We're in Dania Beach, Florida. Yeah. Dude, Dude wasn't at the beach yet. At Skank Fest. He's never gone on the ocean or did he stay on the Fest Or No, the Florida Comedy Festival. Oh yeah. I think he was on the beach, but it, I don't think he went The ocean. But you didn't get the water. He stays away from the water. Exactly. Oh yeah. He literally, you can't swim. No. We, We went, we went to the ocean this weekend. Dania Beach, by the way, their beach lots be desired. A lot to be desired. I went there. I'm like, LA Mer. They'll have shops everywhere.


Like, we, we need To show up. Oh yeah. That, that like, yeah. That's tough area. There Was nothing. Yeah. Yeah. There. I mean, I will say there were a lot of bubble, but mommies on the beach. Yeah. That was about it. There was big rocks in the ocean. So you would just stub your toe in the ocean like cow. Fuck. Yeah. That would scare me. Dude. If I even touch a rock, I'm high knees and outta the water, Bro. I was telling LA me, I was like, dude, just come in the ocean. You're fine, man. He is like, I like, there's like, there's like sharks. I'm like, there's no fucking sharks in here. We were like, we went out pretty far, like into a sandbar. And then How'd You get him out far? He literally, he cannot swim. It was, it was waist high. It was waist high. And then it went up to like, up to your knees. There's like a really six. It was really dangerous to bring him out there. Well, here's the thing I saw.


There was a guy, I was telling the mayor, I'm like, there was a dude who went like, fri like 60 yards out. And I was like, just, you don't wanna be the furthest guy out. That's the shark guy. That's the shark guy. You stay just halfway through. And then, and we went out to the sandbar and after we got, we got done at the beach, we had got an Uber back and the guy was like, oh, Dan Beach, you know, there's a lot of sharks out there. I was like, oh fuck. I looked it up. I was like, yep. Great. Whites dude. They migrate down and during this time they come down and chill, like around there. And I was just telling him, I was like, I was like, oh my bad. La Mer, the great whites are so spooky. Dude. Ter. I was like, LA Mer. There's no shark. I googled. I'm like, great Whites saw a video of a giant hammerhead. What? It's like a different type of hammerhead. They're fucking massive.


Can hammerhead terrify bite you? I feel like that's one type of shark. You could kind of outmaneuver that lame ass fucking head. I know it is a very dumb head, but I I it's certainly they can But you. Yes. You don't think you could just like grip its hammer head and just like Pause. True. My Bet. My be right. Yo, just double Fist grip his hammer. Oh man. This is, this is good. We did it today. If we did it yesterday, I would've been asleep. Dude. I I was, I was Sleepy too, man. Insane weekend. Yeah, I bet. Dude. It was probably part, was it bef like I'm sure the day before was party time. Yeah, Friday, Saturday.


Dude, the, the one time I went with Bert two years ago, we got there on a Monday. Whoa. We stayed for a week. Oh, You did? I remember that Because see we did shows during the week. Yeah, you Got That. That was, that was a week. You guys Were, weren't you guys staying like a bop house The day before? We were saying that we were staying in a full on Bob house with nothing but cameras. Just Bert and his team and cameras. And every day they'd be like, Shane, we're gonna go do activities. I'd be like, I'll fucking kill you. I'll fucking, I'm not doing a fucking thing today. Leave me alone. I need to go home. This trip was, it was just the Aama and Tommy down there Partying it up. It's good to see the boys get loose.


Dude, I'm telling you the Super Bowl, the more, I'd never really thought about it until I went last year and I was like, dude, this is like the apex of worldly power. It Is. And then I was watching it this like, this time just being like, dude, that was, it was like freaking me. Yeah. It's sick. Trump, Trump and T Swift. Yeah. Dude. Fucking Her getting booed. I know. That was, I'll be honest, I was in the eagle section for that. That was a, that was a fun boo. That was a, she's wearing chief skier. These are Eagles fans. Yeah. 'cause you know what I mean? A lot of people are trying to say that something. And I thought it was very funny while it was happening. And then I saw like a quote from Travis Kelsey that was like, that sucked. That felt terrible while I was on the sideline.


Everyone was just booing my girlfriend. And it was like, yeah, I guess that's really terrible. That'd be sad. Yeah. That's very sad. I mean, yeah, especially like, Nah, come on man guard dogs has no mercy. Yeah. I don't have any, I don't feel any empathy for Travis Kel. I mean, bro, I knew they were gonna lose when I saw him dressed like fucking seventies porn star. I was like, he's not taking this game seriously at all. I Think he's dressed like a seventies porn star every time. I could be wrong. Is he All right? Let's, I think he does that. Yeah. Why? Why? What's up with the cool outfits? Dude? What happened to sweatsuits? Every college fucking athlete just wears a gray sweatsuit all the time. Oh, that changed What happened? They wear cool outfits. Sure. They got, they got, they Changed. They all got rich as fuck.


I did forget. They were all Yeah, impoverished. Impoverished Gladiators. Ocon, man. I'm sure they're gonna tell the story on Stuff Island, but it was, so we, we did Burt's show on Saturday night, and that's when the Ocon man got in and he got in. He was a little banged up. I think his flight got delayed. I think he, he wanted to catch up on the way. I gotcha. You know? Yeah. And I think he went a little too far. Mission Accomplished. So he shows up, but he, I didn't know he was hammered. So we're sitting there and then Tyreek Hill walks in and he's standing right next to us. And he has his people with him. But Chris was against the wall. Tyreek Hill's right here.


We're in the tunnel at the arena. And I just, I'm standing next to Chris along the wall and Chris just reaches through Tyreek Hill's people and like grabs his arm and they turn around like, what the fuck? And I was like, no, he's, he's my friend. 'cause I just met him and I was like, he's good. He is my buddy. And then they walk away and I was like, Chris, what the fuck was that? And he was like, I'm sorry. I'm so stupid. And as su he did that. I was like, fuck, you're fucking blacked Out Dude. What the fuck Are you doing? You know, You had a sleeper cell. He was a full Sleeper cell. I had no idea. 'cause I wasn't really talking to him. I was about to go on stage. And then I was like, dude, what the fuck you doing? You don't just grab people's arms.


He's Like, ah, fuck. Then I go on stage. And apparently while I was on, while I was on stage, Julian Edelman walks by and Chris, Chris goes, can I give you a hug? And he was like, why? And then walked away. And Chris was like, oh Fuck. So then he's coming back through the tunnel. It's crazy. He took it to a why be like, state your reason. I mean, I get it. He doesn't even know the guy I know, but I'm, and some guy stand drunk in the tunnels, like, can I give you a hug, man? And then I realized I've hugged every single person that's ever asked for a fucking hug. I'd be like, yeah, Yeah, sure. And it's funny that like, he was kind of thinking about it. He is like, well, why?


Like, Why? Yeah. He is like, what? Why should I, why would I hug you? And then he's Edelman's coming back in the tunnel and apparently Chris went for a super low five. He was walking by and Chris was like, and he said, Edelman just was like, No The fuck. And I was like, dude, of course he did that. I would've thought someone was fucking, he like just purely fucking with me, like a low five. That's like, are you, I wouldn't have even thought he was giving me a high five. I was by also Chris pulling a low five away. It's high If I was walking by and somebody was like, Yeah, What, what are you doing? What, What is this man? Anyway, that was Chris's big Oh, Fucking sliding in a low five.


I I, I get wanting the hug, Like Wanting The hug is nuts. And I was like, what the Fuck you asking for a hug for? And he was like, it's Julian Edelman. I love Julian Edelman. Oh, he's A, he's a New Englander. Yeah. But it's like, Yeah, dude, That's crazy. Lofa going for the low five on the slide being like, look, I get it. You gotta keep up appearances. You can't be hugging me right now. Just gimme a low five on the slide. A Low. Gimme the lowest five. That was the O kind. And then he carried that chain all weekend and he was just constantly just Oh, That's So funny. Yeah. That was because Yeah, he is, he's high awareness enough to really analyze that behavior later.


And it, he probably did it. Probably did. It was a thorn in his side. Yeah. Yo comment, man took that one very personally. I think he punched a wall later. It was good. It was quality footage. Somebody just sent me a video of him, like outside punching a gate. And I was like, oh man. The ocon man. I spooked Vince Vaughn that one time. What'd you badly in Vegas last year? What'd you do? I was hammered last year in Vegas. I kept doing the, whatever that game was when they were like, if the, like if the beer's in your left hand, you have to chug It right away. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I kept getting caught with the beer. So I be That was the bills. That was Gabe. Yeah. I Was passing the, yeah, I would just be like, you know, I, I was hitting a vape hand. I'd be like, take it you pussies. And I'd switch it to my right hand. They'd be like, ah, you gotta drink your be's.


And I was just chugging vodka and sodas. I got hammered and I, we were on that like never ending party bus thing for a while. Yeah. Oh yeah. I just, I got off the party bus and I was like, what the fuck is that? Vince Vaughn? I was hammered and I was, I looked at him and I was like, Vince, you're our only hope. Take us to the place. And he, I like turned around and Nate and he was just 45 feet ahead. I was like, oh shit. My bad. You are our only hub dude. Man. You have to say Just long face. Like You are our only hub man. Yeah, it is. It is wild. It's just so many celebs. True Ebs. And you're hammered and you're like, holy fuck. There he is.


I gotta go say it. It's tied. This is my one chance Vince on will you save us? I didn't even, I just like saw him and reacted to like something that was bubbling like beneath my brain. Just like, dude, you're only hope. You're the chosen one. Take us to the promise. You destroy him. Like, no idea what I Was talking about. That's, yeah. I mean, that's exactly what happened to the Ocon. He saw Joan Edelman was just like, Julianne, can I get a hug from you right now? No. No. Why? Why do you want a hug? It Is a very, and especially for like the why to hit O'Connor's brain, having like, why would I ask for that? Just fully echo in his head. I didn't consider the reasons. That's awesome though. So that you guys started off on just like a Yeah, that was, that was Great.


Absolute fever pitch. I Mean, I just, I didn't, he, he was a full sleeper cell. I had no idea He was among us. That is crazy. To find out something like, did not know what The fuck happened. He was like, my flight got delayed. I had a couple whiskeys. I was like, ah, well it's a long night. It's fucking seven 30. That's how early it was. It was early. Yeah. No. Yeah. What happened? Where, where did, like, where did his like journeys take him that rest of that night? That is super early. Obviously punching the fence or whatever he did. I, I don't know. He's good at Irish exiting. True. He can hit a good Irish goodbye. Like outta nowhere. You'll just be like, where's O'Connor? And somebody will be like, he's he got in a car. Yeah. He just stumbled out. He'll Also walk, He'll go on Jeremy.


He'll far gum. He'll he'll walk Too. He'll start running. He'll Hit a fucking long Walk. He used to sprint. I forgot about that. I wonder if he still does That. My favorite thing I've ever seen him do is when we were, I had a party at my hou like years ago in Philly. And he just, we were all sitting on the roof deck and he was just wearing headphones and everyone was like, what, what, what, what, what whatcha doing? He was like, just listen to music. Listen to Bob Seeger every single time. He went on a Bob Seeger phase for like three years where he would listen to like a rock. He would get hammered and listen to just song's. So good. Getting, I could see at a party though. Kind of just like doing some personal night moves would be decent. Just be like, I'm just charging myself back up for the vibe. Yeah. It's pretty sick.


Damn. Dude. That was, so that's night one. Night one. Yeah. And then that night after Bird's show me and Zach Bryan did a show at a bar, which was very funny. 'cause Zach was like, All right, I'll go first. Then you go on, do some standup. And I was like, bro, that would be the worst. Yeah. Possible show. Yeah. Me, first Of all time, you can't comedy cannot follow music ever. Never. And he was like, All right, man. J he's like, it's up to you. Whatever. Like, he's like, that's fine, that'll work. So we go in, it's just a packed college, like just young kids packed standing room. Only the stage is like a, a rug on the floor. There's no stage. And it was, it was like, I went on fair to Midland fair to very fair to Midland.


I was excited to be like, that's it for me. Zach Ryan, everybody like, and then he, he murdered. Did he? And while he was killing, I was like, this is crazy. It's more, You thought I was gonna follow that with like a jacking off story. Yeah, It was. Yeah. That's impossible. At the end there, it was a small bar, and then in the backyard there was like a construction area, like in an, a muddy alley, which was where we went after this. Just hung out back there. But from the exit of the bar to the back alley, there was like a pretty big drop into this construction area. And I, I literally got to the door, there were people behind me and I was like, watch out. There's a very big drop here. And I just stepped out and rolled my ankle. I literally looked at what was gonna happen. I was like, watch out guys.


You could get hurt on this. Thank God I didn't fall out. I was so close to fall. I really fucked my ankle up on that. Yeah, dude. How deep, what was you talking like 12 inch inches? Yeah. There were just trenches everywhere back there. Oh. Oh, you guys were in Atlanta? No, in New Orleans. New. I know why. I kept thinking of Super Bowls in Atlanta. I was selling Everyone. We were there for the national championship. That's what it was. Maybe. Yeah. Gotcha. So you're in New Orleans, down In No Orleans. I love New Orleans. Is it bounce back? What's that? They've had a lot. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They bounced back. Dude, that was freaking me out too. The day I, I wasn't even, I was talking about Katrina, but then they had another track I Thought they were talking about. As soon as I said that, I'm like, oh yeah, I'm thinking. 'cause I went there post Katrina a long time ago and it was like fucked. So I'm sure they recovered.


Is that A juvenile song? Bounce back. Bounce back. I'm about to bounce back, I think. Trust Me. Is it a juvenile song or are you thinking of 5 0 4 boys wobble, wobble? No, No, no. You might be getting a bounce confused with a wobble. No, that's a juvie classic bounce back. It could be. Was it post? Was it a post-Katrina or a break? There's a big, yeah, there's a bounce back juvenile. Sorry. Nice. Thank God I got that. Yes. We have a visitor. It was a weird knock. It's kind of a friendly knock. Who's that rapping? Yeah, we should Probably, this is wrapping upon my door. Be careful, Sean.


Oh, it's Texas Cast service. See how guard dog handles this Con You're getting checked on for heavy gas consumption. All right. Gas company You've been using too. Great. You Expecting that? No, just uhoh fucking, and we're back. Just a minor gas leak in my house. No big deal. Nothing new. No big deal. I'm gonna try to find the gas leak and Sylvia Plath myself. Just put My mouth. I'll go find that thing and Call it a today. Actually, dude, I got a, it was really nice. The Dania Beach improv gave me a, like a gift certificate to a used bookstore.


It was like a gift. That's nice. It was really nice. So I went, I finally went and was like, I gotta get an Uber from the hotel. And I'm like, where the, 'cause that, that area was Broward County is where they film cops. Yeah. So I was like driving around through there and it, dude, it's like, it's kind of sketchy around there. Yeah. Like very sketchy for sure. I was like, whatever. So I, I'm in an Uber and I'm like, anytime you left a little, we were at a hub, obviously. Nice hub. That's all it is. Outdoor hubs. Improv hub. Left the hub and it's just like vice city all around. So I pull the driver, I'm like, yeah, there's like a bookstore up here somewhere. Dude. It was a shopping center of just at least one, if not two massage parlors. So I'm pulling in the guy, The guy, a gift card for books, Dude.


He is like, you said, there's a bookstore, right? And I was like, I did, dude. I swear to God there's a bookstore adult. I thought, I thought he thought I was like, adult Bookstore. I, I'm gonna give you guys some books. I'm, I'm about to read for the next, I'm gonna read for 15 minutes and then I'm gonna just wait here. So I sit there and I'm come back wet from a shower. My hair's so Fucking bad. Bookstore outta a shower. You wouldn't believe it. I told you my one friend in, in an absolute, the most depraved move was with visiting with a girlfriend, hanging with the family, ducked off, hit the fucking wash, reunited back with a family, wet hair and all. And was like, what's up guys? Like the craziest fucking move.


But yeah, I'm like pulling off and He not struck. He was just sitting there with his family and he was like, He was with her family. Yeah, just that. All right, I'm gonna head out for a minute. I gotta He got the itch. Yeah. And he was like, ended up being late. Like it was like they were down there like visit. She Was just jacked off in the car, bro. Which would've been crazy. That Would've, that would've been psychotic. That's, I mean, dude hitting, being like, yo, if you guys will excuse me. Yeah. With your own family. It's like, okay. It's still nuts. But with like someone else's family, that is a wild, I mean, I know, you know, all, all respect. Hosted the fucking move. It's a sick move to break out, powerful move, break out and be like, our family's gonna stress me out. I'm gonna go get jacked off by a sex life. All right. And I'm back And fully bathed in like wet, airy Showers just coming back in.


Laughing at what they're laughing at. Smell Smelling totally Different. Just drenched You. Just wreak of dollar store back in drench. Yeah. Drench, drenched. Drenched. And just fucking totally Relieved. Yo, I hugged a guy this weekend that was drenched. Did you really? Yeah. Why was he drenched? I don't know. He was, oh. 'cause it was raining. It was raining at the Super Bowl before we got in. A guy came, just came in from outside and I was standing live, was like, Shane, I'm a big fan. I was like, God damn dude, You are fucking Soaked, dude. That fucking Gatorade. They dumped on the coach. I was spying that Gatorade. And I'm like, dude, they gotta give that guy a raise. Whoever's concocted that stuff. That was bright yellow Gatorade. Yeah. That shit's not watered down at all. No, I wa Oh dude, this made me laugh.


Okay, so first things first, the bookstore. I pull up, I was, I was relieved at the very end of it. There was a bookstore and I was like, I told you there's a bookstore up here, dude. And he is like, yeah, whatever, man. I go into the bookstore. It was the worst layout I've ever seen where, you know, it was like in like, like the Hogwarts library or any old library. There's like giant ladders and you like, the books are stacked super high. Most of the books were like, as high as your fucking ceiling. And they were like, you can't get on the ladders. It's like, well I don't know what's up there. So if, how could I even ask it? It was like, and then they were like going over these old like antique maps. So anytime I tried to get to the other end, they got, they were, I, I'd be like, excuse me guys. And they would be like, okay. And then like, move outta the way. And I'm like, bro, what the fuck man.


Trying to buy some books from your fucking store. Yeah. Anyway, it was pissing me off. But the thing that made me laugh was I was, I'm out there, I forgot my belt this weekend. Every single, I forgot my belt this weekend, Dude. And I was telling the mayor I had a flashback to when you were in New York and you were just like, you show me your closet. And there was just like 40 belts. And I'm like, damn, you have so many belts. You're like, I gotta get a new belt like every week. 'cause I forget them. And I remember I told the mayor I confessed. I was like, bro, that was like the most jealous I've ever gotten. Being like, that's so fucking sick dude. You are. So just getting that many belts out of necessity. By The way, I don't even buy the belts I go to. Well sometimes when I'm on the road I will have, I have to buy a belt. Yeah. I usually just go home and steal Phil's belts. Do you? Every time I'm home I steal Phil's belts and then I forget them.


I never take 'em on the road. So then I'm like, I need a belt. I know. I was just laughing being like, dude that's so sick to have so many belts. And then like, 'cause the one time I had to buy a belt in the road, I was like, dude, it's all happening bro. I have a belt from traveling. Yeah, you made it. I thought it was so Sick. I thought it was so sick. It's, I go my Milwaukee fit, bro. When I lost, when my luggage got lost, I had to buy a whole new, when I got the Vans, vans t-shirt, I had to do that once I went to Dick's and Ibotta like golf pants and like a t-shirt. And that was kind of sick. Yeah. But yeah, I didn't buy a belt. I was bending over on stage and I'm pretty sure like part of my ass crack came out at one point and I was like, apologize. Apologies man. Couples, it was, I need a belt on stage 'cause I'm already doing like the fat shirt tug.


Ah yeah. You toss in adjusting pants. True. On top of the fat shirt. Tug. It's a very active Yeah. Scene. You know what I mean? The guy's constantly, I was hands in pocket all weekend. I was very Fallon. I was hands in pocket. Classic, classic Late night. But I was really Kind of just holding up my pants 'cause they were fucking, they kept coming down on me. 'cause I, you know, I've lost a couple pounds, bro. I'm Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm out of the one eighties. I'm 1 79 0.6. That's good. It's pretty sick. I'm doing another fast too. I was hoping five, five day. Yes. Monday through Friday. First 24 hours. Dry, fast, no water for 24 hours. No food or water. 24 hours. And then four day fat water fast.


With just salt. I'm gonna petition for some electro. I need like an unflavored electrolyte mix. 'cause that, that if you don't eat for a while, you don't like, you lose all your electrolytes. There you go. There goes our hero dude, the gas man. He's gonna come around and knock in a second and say, yeah, that thing's leaking like crazy. I'm go, oh, great. Thing's leaking like a sieve. How do they test? Did they just hold like a fucking lighter up and see if it flames up? I have no idea. Nah, I think sprays obviously not that, but Sprays, I think they spray some type of soapy mixture and they see where it's bubbling. If I had to guess. Looks something like that. Yeah. I mean I've, I've look, I could've, You should have told me I would've went out there. So I had no idea. I would've Found that thing. I, I mean I actually knew all. 'cause I'll try to heat it and it barely heats. Yeah. And that thing like backfires.


You can hear it like a car, Dude. I'm telling you man. What, what like builders get away with now it's criminal. They, the place across from us in Philly, when we lived there, they, they, they were like, you know, luxury condominiums and the windows. Dude, I'm not lying, separated from the wall that much. No exaggeration. It was, it was ungodly to, and they were like, yeah, we're just, they just won't return our calls. They just throw 'em up. You just do it as cheap as you possibly can. Yeah. Just get the fuck outta there. Its really What book? What book did you get? Oh boy. I ended up, I got, I had like four or five. It was a, it was like a fucking $150 gift certificate. Nice. So I, I like got as many as I could possibly bring back without making my luggage too, too heavy.


Yeah. And then just gave her like a $60 credit to an old lady. But the, I started fucking with Finnegan's Wake from James Joyce. It's totally indecipherable. Yeah. It's like, but I'm reading Jane Joseph Campbell wrote, it's Finnegan's Wake skeleton Key. So I've, I've been in absolute fucking heaven. You know Joseph Campbell? No. Here. A Hero with a Thousand Faces. He was like the, one of the first dudes to get like real into kind of like deciphering myths. It's kind of like how Peterson started. Oh yeah. He was like, I mean Carl Young obviously is a goat with it, but C Campbell came up and made like a really approachable kind of understanding to just like myths and all, you know, whatever. And he, he's like going through with his boy reading Finnegan's Wake and just being like, by the way, this is what he means by this.


This is what he means by this. I mean it's, it's, I've been, I've just been absolutely just like dumbstruck by Joyce's genius dude. It's amazing. Nice. It's dude, it's crazy. It's just like, isn't That the only thing he has to declare? Wasn't that him? What, when he got to America, they're like, do you have anything to declare? It was like my genius Probably. I think that was him. Sounds, sounds like him. He didn't have any money. He was fucked. He spent, dude, he wrote a book, he like, you know, obviously double in short stories. Classic. And he wrote Ulysses. And everyone's like, okay, we're fucking with you. This is kind of a hard read. We're fucking with you. And then he spent I think like 20 years of his life, a third of his life on Finnegan's Wake. And no one can un it just, he like makes up words. It's nonsense. Yes.


But you, you have to have like, it's one of those things where every other sentence is an illusion to like, it's almost like you have to have like, have like a total understanding of like Greek mythology. 'cause it'll like make an illusion. Obviously Campbell's fucking goat ass is like, oh, by the way, and he just expounds on it. I've just been in absolute fucking heaven, dude. Really? He's like, and then the main character turns back's. Like, that sucks, dude. It's no, it's so sick. You gotta read a book. To read a book you gotta read. It's, you gotta read a book to understand the book. You me read that book? No, dude, it's so good, dude. The whole, again, I have no understanding. I have a pitiful understanding of it. But it's like, the book is about Finnegan's Wake is about, I didn't know it was about the guy who, he's like an eternal, it's based on like an Irish myth, mythological figure who's like up on a ladder, falls and dies and he's coming back to life.


That's like the kind of like ballad or whatever. But then they like tie that into like the death and resurrection Jesus myth with these four quadrants. You know how they have like the call yuga kind of thing? No. Where it's like hard times to make soft man, soft man make blah blah, blah. There's a western version of that where it's basically like primal stuff, or it's like a theocracy, then a king, then it goes to democracy. And after every democracy they rise to the top. And every, literally every civilization. Civilization crumbles. Time out, break time, time for the gas man. Time out from the game. Hold on guys. Okay. Yeah. For the record, that was Oscar Wild, not James Joyce. That sounded like some Oscar wild bullshit, if I'm being honest.


James Joyce. I mean, actually it's funny 'cause that he kind of could not, he doesn't cover that specifically, but it, so in the book it's like, it's based on Finnegan's Wake, but also the main character is like the, I I didn't know the city of Dublin is like shaped on a hill that's kind of like resembles an old, they say like a giant is sleeping in the ground that like, they're like his head's on one side of the city and his feet's on the other side. So he is writing a novel about that guy who's like a giant in the ground. But then he gonna be really hard to explain. But he gives forth two sons that are kinda like the classic can and a block he gives Fourth, he gives fourth, he gives forth two sons, him and h, HC and a. Well you talk about books, dude, it's so sick.


But he has, there's like these two brother figures. So like the Jesus Christ is, I, I have a poor understanding, but basically the guy is not Finnegan's Wake Finnegan's coming back to life and they go Finnegan rest. We have a new father. And then this, it's this guy who's like, apparently also a hill, but who's also a guy like does something line of pervert it in a park to these, to this young girl. He gets fucking, he gets me toed, basically. What? Yeah, he gets me toed. There's these fucking hot ladies. And it's all about how like, man is always going to fall to the snooze. That's like the one theme. Like it's, it's going to happen. Man's gonna fall to the Sno. And then dudes were like getting propelled by these forces that are always gonna make us fight each other. Every civilization's gonna collapse.


And he just kind of just like jumps in and out of like time. And it's really cool of like different warriors and these two brothers, Shem and Sean Shem is like, he's the deep writer type. No one will ever love him. Yeah. But he's the only one connected to the truth. And there's Sean who's just like killing it. And they're always fighting and killing each other. It's fucking tight. But sorry, it's, it's a, again, I'm just going off Joseph Campbell's interpretation. Don't, I don't want to, I don't, Yeah, I don't wanna get confused with Joseph Campbell's interpretation. All it's interpretations. That's all you can do with Finnegans Wake. There's nothing else. That's All you can do. But that's been, I've been reading that at night and just been absolutely in heaven. Just going back and forth between like, oh, that's what that means. Oh fuck dude. The Thunder Fish. I never even thought of the Thunder Fish.


Of course. It's fucking awesome. Of Course he means the Thunder Fish. What is the Thunder Fish doing? It's just like the food of eternal life. It's just like the IA something. It's Yeah, whatever the IUs, Is that what it's called? The IUs? Yeah, the IUs. And then the word for like, Latin word for thunder. But it is such a funny move to spend 30 years on a book and everyone was like, dude, what the fuck this Is, what are you doing Sean? Can you spell Sean second? Yeah. Sean wants, again, Sean talking about the Thunder Fish. Talking About Thunder Fish. Bro, pause.


Nice. I think we all know someone who loves taking photos, but their hundreds of pictures are just wasting away on their phone. Start putting them to good use with a unique, stylish digital picture frame from Aura Frames. Mm. It was named number one digital picture frame by wire cutter. Whoa. And for a good reason, it's so easy to set up and they have different frame options. It takes about two minutes to set up a frame using the Aura app, bro. That's, we got them right on the edge of their seats. That's so close. That's such a short amount of time. It's dude to set up. I would love to spend two minutes from Wirecutter. Dude, it's nothing to me. Exactly. Dude, you Sit down. Two minutes, minutes personal. My personal experience on it. It's crazy. Love It. Love it, dude. My mom fucking loves it. My mom loves it. My mom's got 12 of these in her house. Yep. The best part is that it comes with unlimited storage. All you need is the free Aura app and a wifi connection. And you can upload, get this as many photos and videos as you want. Oh yes. Year round guys. Right now you can save on the perfect gift that keeps on giving by visiting ra frames.com. For a limited time, listeners can get $20 off their bestselling carver mat frame with code MSS p. That's a URA frames.com promo code. MSSP support the show by mentioning us. The checkout terms and conditions do apply.


You know what I was thinking when we were going through the lawyer thing? Yeah. Is that like what marriage feels like? They don't even, you don't even talk about that. That's just, that just happened. Unless It was just like a, it was like we've, you know, we've been friends for a while now, you know, let's make it legal. True. We're legally bonded. I just, I was a little like, oh, this is probably what marriage is like If, well, if you broach the subject, obviously if you're the ultimate romancer, you'll go, babe, I don't even care about that stuff. But yeah, a lot more guys are starting to be like, look, Yeah, Let's fucking lay some fucking ground. Let's, Let's work on a bad faith lever here. What you want do is yours, mine and ours. Let's talk about what's yours. Let's talk about what's mine. Let's talk about what's ours. That's if you wanna do a prenup


Guys introduction and personal. No, that's a good one. That's a great, That's a good segue to the next thing Host. Tell a story of a previous Valentine's Day date night and struggles to find a tailored fit that leaves a little more room for that steak dinner. Yeah. I mean, one time I went for a steak dinner and I struggled to find a tailored fit For sure Man. And then I went to a steak dinner and I found a True Classic and I said, I'm gonna wear this to the steak dinner. And Your, your Valentine's Day goes, babe, is that a fucking beautiful t-shirt for Valentine's Dinner? And the True Classic tee was, it was good 'cause it accentuated my arms and chest. Oh Dude. She Was, my girlfriend was like, yo, your tits look fucking crazy tonight. S like banging your tits. Look crazy here. Yeah. She was dying to cup them. Dude. She yeah. Knew Under that True Classic and Cup tits titties said, I'm gonna go up on you. So we were at Valentine's Day dinner, she said, is that a curved hem crew? It accentuates your massive melons. I'm gonna go up on you after the steak dinner. Bestselling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans and more are available in three, six, and nine packs. The more you bundle, the more you save. Oh my God. Our shirts are designed to highlight your best features with the perfect fit. Snugging the arms and chest with just the right amount of room in the midsection. Mix and match your clothing to fit your lifestyle. Enjoy free shipping on all orders and a hundred percent perfect fit guarantee with easy returns. True Classic is trusted by over 4 million customers and has 200,000 plus five star reviews. That's nuts. Yep. 200,000 guys. You girls went, girls went up on them. Dude went, Fuck bro. I'm gonna go up on you. Lay down double Trab during a bj Oh my God. Tick grab during a BJ tick grab doing a bj now you're talking about language. Talking About Language. Level up your date night, everyday style. Fuck level up your date night or everyday style with clothes that actually fit. Right. Just go to our exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash mssp to save. That's True Classic dot com slash mssp. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today. I should include in the disclaimer here, your tits may not look fucking sick in these. We're not sure.


Here we go.


PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all freedom fighters. You just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. That's crazy. The Mede Bagg run your game all season long on PrizePicks. Guys, this expires after two 16, but All Star Weekend is almost here. And PrizePicks is the best place to win cash while watching your favorite players during the game and the Saturday night events like the three point contest. Love The three point contest, Dude. The best. How about the white guy who jumped over Shaq? I just learned about the guy this weekend. Pretty crazy. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Think Steph Curry will get more than five. Three pointers next week. Gianni for more than 35 points. Mm hmm. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this basketball season when you and your crew. It's better than you and your fucking crew. You know, run your game on PrizePicks. I mean, that's the best dude. Personally. I've experienced PrizePicks and I enjoy it. Yeah, Trying. I I just like getting in. I like, you know, a thousand times bro. A thousand times on money. A thousand x. No fucking brainer. Think about that guys. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code Drench on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game. Run your game.


Yes. Plug your show. Hello everybody. I'll be in St. Pete Front, Pete, Florida. Hello everybody. Show face. I'll be in St. Pete St. Peters, allegedly St. Florida tonight and tomorrow at Coastal Creative. Please come if you can in Chung Guard. Do need.com. Thank You Chung do com. Thanks Shane. Of course, brother. But yeah, so that's it. I'm not gonna bore you with finning in's wake, but that's the only thing I will say. It's, it's been putting me, this is what I like about it. It's been putting me in a very timeless state frame of Mind. That's the best way to say outside of time Till it's dimension of depth. Of Course. That's how I've been feeling. You're in till it's dimension of depth. That's how, that's how I've been feeling lately. So that, that's been a nice feeling to kind of leave. I had a feeling. Have you been caught whacking off lately?


Last, I know you've been timeless. I know you've just been an ageless wanderer, but have you been caught jacking off in a bathroom? I Mean, dude, like HCE? Yes. I was caught. Fuck it. I was tempted by the sirens in my own mind. Bitch came and got you. I was Thunder Fish caught. You we're about dealing Thunder Fish. Yeah, I was caught. I was But that was last weekend bro. That was in The mess. I said, what are you doing in there For real? Man, that was so embarrassing. And she's like, what are you doing in there? And I'm just in the shower with a boner. Just what? Nothing. Not that. She's like, I saw what you're doing. I was like, ah. Damnit. Now I got caught lying and jerking off.


Huh? I'm just the biggest piece of shit in the world, Aren't I? I wish, I wish I could tell you I didn't almost get caught yesterday. I wish I could tell you I almost didn't get caught. I had to scamper. Did you really? But she didn't hear the scamper. I survived. Oh, you got? I scamper to the lav. I heard the door open. Scamper. So you got the Entrance. I'm sure I got the ski daddle. I heard the door open and I ski DD on back to the lavatory. Bro. That's Not like we've been training for that our whole fucking life Year. I know. But it was, I haven't had to s ski da in so long. I fucking made it to the bathroom. I was like, what? Take your shit. God. What I'm doing this. Take your shit. So you didn't get the, you didn't Get get the No, I didn't get the full release.


Damn. You probably charged it up. And I was like, She's taking a nap. I got, I'm fucking set. Oh yeah, of course. The second we started, brother, Welcome to my World. Thunder Fish. Thunder Fish. Thunder Fish flops in the room. And I had to ski on battle down at the lab with my pants and my knees ski. Tattle down. Expert shuffle. It's the potato of the S race to the bathroom. What Could I think scared me? Why do I have my phone in my shower? I was answering an email. Whatcha talking? Checking my Phone. Phone in the shower is the most sinister delight, but also so fucking, It's just too risky.


Phone in the shower is so risky. Unless you got a big shampoo bottle, you can fucking pop in front of it. But yeah man, I've, I've, I've, I don't bring my phone in the shower. I used to, there was a period where I was big phon and shower guy and it's just like, I think it's literally taken a couple years off of my life. The anxiety. Yeah. I just having just the lowest volume just going, fuck. Oh. Oh shit. What the fuck Is that? Just phone soaking wet on the fucking sink outside the shower. The Garage in the garage door in my parents' house. That was a, that was a godsend. That's what you need, man. We need to bring back garage doors. Get This rigged up with an alarm, dude. Yeah. Beep beep, beep. No, I got it. I got it. Yeah. Do you have the one? You got a ring camera now. Oh Perfect. There you go. See who's coming and going. There you go. Yep.


Why don't you say it? Yeah, Man. Get in here. Say It into the microphone bud. Yeah. I call it fing recently. Not recently, but you know how every college dorm is like Yeah. They got, the drains are all clogged 'cause all the kids are, have you ever heard that old tail? No, but it Makes perfect sense. My dorm showers, drains. Everyone always has that story. Especially You as your fucking hairy ass. Well, they say it, it's 'cause of the cu They say it's, it's good. And Your shower drains always clog with common ass hair. And I was contributing to that clog in my university my freshman year In the common shower area. In the common shower area. That's where I would have to hurt myself because I had two roommates in my dormitories.


So I don't think I caught A beat in the shower to college. I really don't. It's really, really bad. It's like a hospital shower too there, you know, there's like the shitty curtains and it's just, you know, like a closet. So it was a sad beat in there. And the, my, my classmates hollered at me while I was hurting myself in the college shower. So you called, what do you do to them? I think we caught someone one time where we used to, like, while people were showering, we would fuck with them in my freshman dorm. And we like one time yanked the curtain open and he was just standing there with a full on rager. We're like, ah. Yeah. That's what would've happened to me. If they were to, if they were To Breach, that would've happened to me. Yeah, You can't, I mean I, I've tried to come up with a million arguments for why I am having a boner in the shower and there's no, it's just you're busting breath, warm water felt good.


Leave me alone. I'm so relaxed. There's also, there's a, there's a like a kind of like a noise pattern. If you're beating off in the shower, the water falls in a very specific way. Yeah. You gotta try to like least turn your back. You avoid that. You gotta turn your back to it. But then you're like, well I want the warmth. Yeah. So I can simulate fellatio. So it's tricky. You gotta watch it 'cause it's like the water falls in like little trench drops. But Yeah. You know, all our brothers do stay strong out there, dude. Keep it underground. Keep it underground. Dude. It's the revolution dude. It will not be televised occasionally. It almost gets televised. You have scamper.


I told you I spun the last time I got caught into some SEXO. Yes. I just fully owned it and was like, bro, I'm getting erotic in here. Excuse me. I'm all worked up man. Help me out. Help a brother out here. Help a brother out here. Should, as i, I should have done the Uncle Sam yell, what are you doing in, don't do it in there young man. You must be Out your damn mind. Your wife will Be awake any minute. You love the Super Bowl performance. I thought it was underwhelming. I really did. Yeah. It was, I, I, I had, you know, did I kind of want to see it go poorly? I think there was part of me genuinely that I, you know, I was hating. I was hating. But Not as much as they were hating.


They were hating hard. Bro. That was the most hate. That was, that was fucking, it Was the most hate possible. It was some really, I see. I didn't understand all the symbology under it. Dude. I didn't know. They're So deep. I didn't know whose exes were there. The Exes were there because it was like a PlayStation and this is a game. Oh shit. You ever think about that? Oh shit, bro. His chain was an A minor. I was trying to figure out, I thought it was his middle initial. Whoa. A minor. Oh, also actually kind of technically it was a lowercase a a minor is, there's like an actual notation for a minor. You can do that. Oh really? Yeah. So I thought the lowercase a would be the A minor? No, there'd be a tiny little m that's technically a minor. That's just a lowercase a That's just a little a But maybe it's even deeper.


There's probably some shit I'm not even seeing. I don't know anything about keys at all. Yeah. Or like secret fucking pedophile hieroglyphs. The A minor doesn't. Maybe I got that symbology wrong. You could be right though, man. I mean, why else would there be a tiny little a, you know, checks out. It makes sense to me. But yeah, I didn't, I thought that, I don't know there, you know what it, I was just, it lacked kind of the showmanship. I was like, dude, scher last year, say what you want about scher. You know what I mean? Look, the guy's got skeletons. I don't know what happened. I know he, you know, he got in some legal hot water. Hopefully it's not true about potentially giving a man herpes.


Which, you know, hope he didn't do that. Yeah. But his performance was great, you know? Yeah, of course. S'S performance was crazy. Of course. That was just like, okay. I don't know, it just seemed, it seemed all built around smiting, another man and it was just kind of like, bro, like it's cool, you know, winning's great. Yeah. I'm glad you won. But I don't know man. I, it wasn't, it wasn't for me For sure. I mean yeah, you got to, you wanna play your hits. Yeah. And not, I don't know. 'cause one of the knocks on him is the only time he gets attention is when he is talking about Drake As of late. For sure. And there it is again. He did it again. Yeah. He got the most attention of his career because, But here's what you gotta think about.


This is what you gotta think about. And I, I do appreciate Jim Jones for opening my eyes to thinking like this. Was he what? Like what about the bag? What kind of bag was he getting? 'cause they were coming at Drake for, for The Super Bowl. Yeah. He Got the It's free. What? Yeah, you Get, you perform for free. Yeah. What is this? $0? What The fuck? Yeah, Just I guess it's like good publicity. Yeah. What, who pays for all those fucking million dancers? I Mean I'm sure they'd cover that. You don't pay for that, but, Okay. Does that be crazy bro? If I was the bill and I'd be like, yeah, lemme surround myself with 800. Why am I doing the fact checking? Come on man. I said if I had to fit the bill for 800 male dancers. That's crazy. He had a lot of bros. It was just the bros.


Dude. That was another, A lot of guys dancing. I'm gonna need 800 male dancers. I Like tough dancing. Me too. I Like when people are mad Dancing. I got a little scared. I was like, oh, I was spooked out. Oh, I was scared of that. I was very scared during the performance. It's classic. That was Philip Ross one book. He got a there, the old professor does that like accidentally. He's like saying a ghost. Yeah. He's like, I feel like there's a spook in here. And the student's like, hey. And they fire him off the campus, but the professor's secretly half black and he is been hiding it his whole life. We could talk lit dude. All you want. I would love To talk lit. But yeah dude that was, yeah, it was just kind of boring. It was just like, All right, this is, you know, it did take him in new heights.


Him like besting Drake and a, you know, an exchange of words did take him to new heights, but it's like, What's going on Sean? Did you find out the information? He got a bag, but he got a baby bag. He gets the standard union rate, which is a thousand dollars per day for rehearsal and performance. Baby bag. He Got a baby Bag. He got a little bag. Yeah, he got a little, he got a fanny pack. Well dude, Jim Jones might have had the best take on the Drake lawsuit. And his whole thing is so funny. Him and Cameron on beefing. But he went on a podcast with, I swear to God it was the best take of the Drake lawsuit stuff. How he's suing like UMG or whatever United. Yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah.


And Jim Universal. Universal. Yeah. That's what it's Universal Music Group. And this guy was like, yeah dude. It's like against the code though. Like he's going against the code of hip hop. And Jim Jones was like, dude, Drake's going up after a bag you cannot comprehend. Basically, you know, he was basically saying that he's going after the, you know, and it's, it is slightly esque. You know, he's going after the dudes who have given us all these raw deals, the labels who have been lured and over us, the culture. And he's going at like the eye of the fucking hornet's nest and getting, he was like, I mean he's probably gonna get a billion dollars in this lawsuit. It's like, no he's not. He's gonna get a lot.


But you think he'll get it? I Think he'll get a lot. Yeah. I mean if, from what I've been told, it's like they were trying to lower his stock so his next deal wasn't as big as the last couple have been. Whoa. He's with them, he's with Universal. That's, that's their well and their things like why would we want to undermine Our own artists artist? Think the last deal was like 400 million. Yeah, true. So, Well that's what Jim Jones was. It was the funniest take. He was like, bro, he's going after a bag. And he is like, you can't say anything about Drake. If you wanna still hang with your bros in the hood who are like falling off of buses and getting lawsuits. He's like all, he's like, you can't say that. Drake's taking it to the next Level. You got some workman comps bros. That's, We Got a couple of those bros.


That's what he was saying. He was like, bro, there's nothing, there's nothing more gully than like, pretending to hurt your neck on a bus. That was his whole, that, that was his whole thing. And like, Drake's hurting his neck on the biggest bus imaginable, and it's actually sick as fuck. I was like, dude, Jim Jones. That was absolutely, I could be wrong, but I think Kendrick went through the Tupac estate to sue Drake first. Did he really? But no one cares. Wait, What? Tupac estate? They, Drake had like a dis track with like ai Tupac. Right. And that got taken down because of a lawsuit for Sure. Oh. He was like, you can't use a ghost of Tupac to beef. Yeah. He's like, that's outside of the rules. So Kendrick did a, Kendrick did it.


He did a lawsuit first. First. No one cares. Hold on. So they were in court. There was like guys in court battling over Ghost Tupac. Yes. And like Ghost Tupac called my defendant. Dead Ghost. Tupac Wouldn't have said that. Your Honor. Tupac might still be alive. Actually. All black Jerry go on. But yeah, he, he basically broke down the thing of being like, stop trying to act like he's, he's offending some code of the streets. He is like, bro, like this is, he's getting the biggest bag. And he was like, your problem is, you can't see the bag, like the bag. He was saying like, the bag exists out of this guy's entire frame of Wearing it's different dementia.


You can't So sick. Dude. He's Not a near Yeah. To hit him with the me be like, bro, your bags, you can only imagine such a bag. S like, he's a metal bagg. He's like, Drake is on the bag that you can't just getting deep on the bag. It's so sick. You Can't fathom this. But yeah, that, that was my whole, that was my personal take on the Super Bowl perform. Should have been Lil Wayne. It should have been Lil Wayne. And then also the whole craze of like the, you know, this, this whole like battle thing. I feel like it really, the sunset on it, on that performance, Has it almost been a year? Has it, it's been way, Been fucking forever. It's been like eight months. Tupac. That was a year ago when he sued him.


April 24. Jesus Christ. April what? 2024. Just year ago. Damn. But that was, yeah. So it probably started last April. I was just hoping you say four 20. Yeah. But yeah. Dude, dude, that's been a fucking year. Yeah. God damn. I feel like that was like three months ago. No, this is, this has lasted longer than the Will Smith slap. He needs to do it again. He needs to, he's going back. I think it Needs to slap. He needs to slap again. He needs to slap somebody. He, he needs to slap that Indian guy. How, how Could he slap? How could He slap? How could he slap? Yeah. Man, I, yeah. People were trying to make the Taylor Swift boo into like this whole like sea change of like, the people are waking up, dude.


They know they don't like this. So you're telling me this was a cha, she was wearing chief shit and people were like, Boo. Yeah. She was Chiefs fan. It was all Eagles fan. So funny. At the beginning of the game, of course everyone's gonna be like, ah, fuck it, bitch. And there was also like, she was, people were like, she's ruining football. It's, Before she was on, they were literally showing a Chiefs fan, showing an Eagles fan. Boo Boo. Anytime it was a Chiefs fan. Was there that many Philly, there was an Eagles fan. There's so many Eagles people There. It was, it felt like there was more Eagles fans. And there's one thing I noticed that Chiefs fans are like all old fat white guys. Yeah. They're all just chubby white guys from fucking Kansas and Missouri. Yeah. That have, this is the third one in a row they've been to. Yeah. So they're like, they didn't like, they didn't, they didn't care as much.


They didn't Have the fire in their bellies. Eagles fans were all fucking trash gremlins that were there. Like needed It. Yeah. Birds are like, everyone was Yeah. Everywhere you looked it was Eagles fans. Well, that's also a weird pressure. If you've won two Super Bowls in a row, I'd be fucked up being like, because then it's like, there's no way You're not laxing and kind of like chilling. There's just, there's no Way they were lamping, huh? There's no doubt they lamped. Yeah, exactly. They were lamping. Why though? I mean, I, it makes sense. You're two times. I Mean, I guess they made it to the Super Bowl, so I guess they weren't relaxing too hard. Yeah, it's pretty hard to do. That's true. They Just got there and couldn't protect the quarterback Dude. You know, they didn't blitz either. The Eagle four man rush bro. Four man rush. I, that blew my mind when I found out they didn't blitz.


I was like, wait, what? Yeah. I mean, the chiefs also throw the ball every fucking down. Yeah. So your defensive line knows they can pass, rush every play. And then when you get, when they're down 17, it's like they're gonna be throwing the wall. Yeah. Fuck. Just send, just send four. Is there an offensive line that bad? I mean, I'm not trying to smite their offensive line, but like, bro, they got like, what happened? They got killed. I don't know. Because they're so good. That's the whole time. I was like, dude, Mahomes is good if you put him down. Yeah. He's nasty as fuck. Yeah. But we were just like melting right through. It was wonderful. It was truly, it was really beautiful. Truly a sight. Yeah. Poor read though. Went to the I went to the after party. Did You really? I had to hold the trophy. It was crazy. Did you raise it?


No, it was just like, Yeah, I didn't, yeah, I didn't really take it in. I was just like, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's lighter than I thought it'd be, but I felt, I felt like a real imposter. Why? I don't know. What the fuck am I doing holding those Super Bowl trophy everywhere I go, I feel like a fucking imposter. And that was crazy. Yeah. That is fucking nuts. Yeah. Holding it. That is. I mean, that is sick. It was awesome. That's fully the agro crag dude. You held the agro crag. What was it? What, I guess the party must have been sick though. The party was Awesome. Champagne bot. Did champagne bottles actually shoot in the air? Or was it That was The locker room. Locker room. Locker room. But they probably did. I I, I left before I think things got real crazy.


Dude. And that, that coach, where did he coach before the guy for the Eagles? Siri? I think it was at the Col. I think it was like an offensive court, I think. And how long has he been there for with the Eagles? This is year three. Dude, Two Super Bowl appearances. One win. Yeah. Shoot. They're have to stop talking shit. Yeah, dude Reed. Yeah. He was an IUP guy. He coached it. Really? Yeah. Really? He, yeah. I think there's like three guys on the staff that were from IUP. That's crazy. Yeah, Dude. Yeah, because in the house, dude, good For him. Man. That's gotta be crazy. I, I liked watching when the Gatorade got poured on him, and you could tell he was like, yeah, take it in. He literal was soaking wet with Gatorade at one point. He did like a little like, kind of prayer thing.


It was just like, oh. It was like, bro, that's all they want, bro. Because Bro, weak fucking, after the end, last season ended in complete disaster. Yeah. They were 10 and one and then lost every game. Yeah. And then this year they started out two and two with some bad fucking losses. And people were starting to really get on him and be like, we're gonna have to fire him. So like for the next like four weeks, maybe five, everyone was just waiting for him to lose one game. And he would probably have been close. You get fired that fucking fast. Yeah. I guess if you have like, yeah, I, I guess there's a world of fucking coaches and you can just be like, All right buddy, get Out. Especially 'cause he inherited A Super Bowl, A very good team.


Yeah. And went straight to the Super Bowl his first year. And when coaches do that, they usually don't get credit for that. I got you. That makes sense. You know, so he had had a, he had somewhat of a building year, the year after that. And then the Year after was like, All right, let's see what he does. And they fucking exploded. Yeah. They terrible. Yeah. So then, yeah, he was on the hot seat a little then. He, He's good. He's the bro. Do You, do you think there's a chance they'll go, they're the new chiefs, that they'll go back and try to get it again? I, I do. Yeah. I think there's a strong chance that's, they get a lot of guys back. That's what they say. They don't who, they're not losing anybody. Are they? They're Lose some, some key defensive pieces. Okay. But I hope maybe they won't lose 'em.


They're just up for free agency. Okay. Contracts, I think should be All right. They might be the most hateable dynasty though. Philly becomes like a chief's era. The chief dy be The funniest dynasty of all time. Ty. Oh my God. Dude. It'll be the funniest. Philadelphia's gonna look like fucking Aleppo Is gonna be bad, dude. They gotta stop destroying the city. I was jealous. I was jealous. I, I mean, even being at the Super Bowl was obviously where you wanna be, but Philly would've been fun. So fun to be there. Although, dude, I'm telling you, last time when I was there, when they, I was like right on Broad Street. My house was like two blocks away. Yeah. And it was too much, man. I'm like, just watching people just start wrecking shit. I was just like, this is fucking annoying.


It was pissing me off. Yeah. They gotta stop fucking breaking the city Sometimes. You gotta, Dude, they were like flipping fucking cars, dude. It's crazy. How else are you gonna make an omelet? That's true. You are. Have To break a couple legs here. That's true. Although, I mean, that is just part and parcel, man. Otherwise, yeah. You are just chiefs fans, just like, well, we'll get 'em next year. Yeah. Yeah. True. You gotta bleed. If you bleed green, you bleed green. It is what it is. There's nothing we can do about it. But, and well, the worst part is now they're like, now it's like, it's something that gets attention online. So now people are like, yes, we gotta, oh yeah, we gotta ramp this up even more. Yeah. I'm gonna break a window. It's Like, dude, don't do it, dude. I'm Gonna go viral.


Committing a crime. It's gonna be my face. I'm gonna share it. But yeah, that was, you know, I think that was, I'll, I'll be excited to see what Kendrick Lamar does is he seems like he'll be pretty content to just kind of fade out and be like, I won pg. Yeah. He goes away for a while. Yeah, I beat you. Most of the time I, That's gonna be it, man. It better not be, that's kind of a fucking lame mess. No, that's beating the video game. Like, I'm done. Bye. Sorry, I'm fucking On blank. No, I want no rematch. That's it. I called it no rematch. Yeah. I don't know. That's kind of like, if you wanna be the best ever, if you're fucking, yeah. If one thing is beating a guy in a rap battle and then going, I'm done.


Well, that To be fair, he did have, he did have like, a lot of people liked him. I was always kind of like, I loved Kendrick Lamar. I was always like, meh. You know, I didn't, didn't, it just wasn't for me. He's So good. I mean, he's great. Of course he's a super successful, talented guy. But it was just, I was always like, whatever. And then, but then I didn't realize he'd been away for so long. And then I guess he came back, he was summoned back. And then it's, for him that is sweet to be kind of chilling. Like, I don't know. Then just be like, oh, yep. Yeah. Top of the game. But it all happened. Dude, it was funny 'cause like little Wayne was like, remember when he hit him and Nicki Minaj were like, yeah. They were like the biggest and Drake, and well, then Drake was like, yeah. Launched out of that. But yeah, maybe there's room for, there's gonna be a new, the newest rappers to become the biggest.


They're gonna, it's dude rap's so bad. Like, I'm not trying to sound like an old guy. It's literally like, it's a minute and a half songs of just nonsense. I can't unders you literal. I was, I was watching videos of, I, I never got to see the halftime performance. Okay. I was, I was making my way up to Trump dog. Sweet. That's so sick. But I didn't get to see the performance. We just watched it right now. And I was like, I, I was only seeing videos online of like, old guys that were watching the Super Bowl getting filmed by their like grandkids that were like, what the hell is he saying? I dunno, what the hell Is going on? Like, and I'm, I'm, I watched that thing. I was like, I haven't Understood. Understood one word. Yeah. And I know the songs. Yeah.


Yeah. Dude, I don't know. It wasn't a, I I, this is something I've been thinking about for a long time as like, and again, this I don't even, it's like, sounds like a very uncomfortable thing to even talk about, but as like, the country gets better in terms of race relations, will black guys lose cool points? And I, I think it could just be me trying to fulfill my own theory. But I, I think it's happening. That was like, I've had this theory for Yeah. Since the old test. Yeah. True. This Is about, this has been my working theory, and now I'm just sitting back and watching it play out. It's Your theory of relativity. It is. Dude, you can't be, And dude, and it's like, I'm watching it and I'm like, yeah, dude, it's losing.


Like, it's not, it's, it's not like the stuff of like a charged counterculture hit. It's been of Fever pitch. And then since then it's been kind of like, yeah, we're still doing this. Yeah. But no, that's, that was, that was a sense. I got off that. I'm like, oh, this is like, you know, like the revolution sponsored by Pepsi. Yeah. You're kind of like, oh, All right. This has been so fucking watered down and extorted by politicians that now it's just kind of like, All right. But you, it just has literally zero effect. You're watching course and you're like, oh, cool man. So, and then, you know, again, we had our first taste of Indian guys wilding out. It's like, there's more of that to come. Yeah. It's almost Tough. Ramis Swami Anakin's hard dude. He fell into law. It's almost time. But those boys are not.


Yeah. Yeah. There's more Ramis Swamis, bro. There's a lot. That guy. Lot, Lot. That dude was a, he just first made it on the land and swung his fucking story. That was D-Day. He went first. There's a lot more coming. Dude. No Dude. No. Sure. I'm kind of, I kind of like a lot of it though. The Indian bros. The Indian Bros, bro. Been a fan. Oh yeah. You, you guess from day one, Ben a fan. And when I, when I, when you were gone, I interviewed Sauer from Breaking Points and I tried to just get into Hindu. It. He, dude, they are not having it. There's an iron wall. They're keeping white stoners out of Hinduism talk. Dude. I was like, what about it? He is like, I fucking hate when fucking white guys talk to me about the Hinduism. Really? I'm like, that's a pretty cool, that's a pretty cool religion, dude. I mean, you know, it's not just all about Jesus.


How Come we're the only ones that get fucking crushed for shit like that? I don't know, dude. Like, if an Indian guy came up and was like, tell me about Jesus Christ. I'd be like, bro, I'd be more than happy. What do you wanna know? Well, Hold. That's 'cause we have a universal, you know, Catholic land. We are built for everybody. Yeah. Hinduism is is eth It's like an ethnic religion. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like it's not like, and he was, he was, he made a fair point. He's like, dude, it's so, he's like, depending on like what airy you live in, there's like a patron fucking, you know, they have their patron blue guy. They have their genie. And then like, you fucking, you know, it's all based on like, he's like, it's so hyper specific to like the area and where you're living. It's, you gotta be born into it. It's like, it's like Judaism in a way where you kind of have to be born into it.


Otherwise people will be like, they just take you as kind of a poser. He kind of, he kind of poser pauses me and I was like, no, I just think it's cool. Like theoretically I think it's Cool. Yeah, why not? You should be allowed to learn. I mean, he can't stop me from learning. Yeah. But I was trying to, I was trying to, I just wanted to like, I, I'm just interested in it as like a, you know, like how, like growing up with that as like your backdrop and he, he just was shut it down. He was just like, I, I Don't, I think when you grow up with it, it's just like every eight or nine weeks you and all your bros have to get sticks and swords and fight the Muslim guys with sticks and swords in the street. And then you call a day and then you go, All right buddy, buddy buddy, Fuck you buddy.


Have you ever seen their fucking stick and sword fights? They all have Ninja Turtle weapons and they just fucking, It's truly Lord of the flies. It's fucking Crazy, Bro. It's lord of the flies. It's Nuts. But that's the same thing with the, the Cino Indian border dispute. They the same thing. They have another stick. There's a whole Other stick and sword, foot stick, Battlefront. Yeah. They like, they've been disputing the Chinese Indian border for like decades. And every now and again, the Chinese dudes will mog 'em be like five feet. Are they the good back? You get back, They have the stick fight. God, that's the funniest thing in the world. I'm sucking hitting the fucking face with a stick during the Fight. And you gotta give up like four feet of Mother Indian.


You are like, okay, coming back would be sick though. You get the bros, you're all horny as hell. Fucking, although that's a horny v horny battle. That is the horst fucking Battle. But yeah, rest assured the Indian dudes will be back, dude. Yep. I mean Ra with Swami, I still people spazzed and piled on him for that. And it's like, I get it. Like getting dressed down, just being like, no more fun white guys. It's time to do math. I was like, I get it. Yeah. But people were like deeply shocked and offended And it's like that, that's the one that, that does make me laugh. When you have all these people who are like, you have like white Americans who are like, it's a meritocracy.


Sorry. Everybody else we got to the top. But as soon as you talk about Indian guys coming in, you're like, we need some fucking legislation to keep, let, let's, well come on, let's look at this. Here it is. That is kind of for me. Like, I think there's also, It's kind of wimpy on some level. White, white people have been dying to be allowed to be racist. True. True. That is like a dying coke kind of for racism. Yeah. They go, what about Indian people? When everyone goes, are we allowed, are we allowed to do this? That was bottled up. Yeah. True. 'cause yeah. You really, they the Indian guys, Ramis Swami did. You're actually right on that. He caught like a suppressed tidal wave of just kind of like, just, you know. Yeah. Ethnocentric thoughts being like, we're in fucking people.


Fucking spazzed on him. He did. Here's the thing though. He did court that he did court. Those guys. He did. So he, he basically had his own little thing going and you know, they just got 'em, bro. One, one slip up. And they were like, fuck you. It's a dangerous world. It is. If you get Into that fucking political clickbait shit. Oh Yeah. They're gonna get you left or right. They're Gonna get you. It's coming. It's coming. And it's so funny 'cause it was like, I could see him being like, this is a deeply inspiring and dude, it's, he could also be right. Like, that's because you're like, fuck you dude. Doesn't mean that's not just going to happen anyway. Yeah. Wasn't he like no more sleepovers? Yeah.


Time to study. No More sleepovers. No more. He said less of one movie. Like think of like some, like a rollerblading silly movie and like more, I don't know what fucking movie he would propose for us to get our act together. White guys gotta pull their pants up. White guys. White guys' pants are up to here. India guys' pants are up to like their nipples. So we might have to pull our pants all the way on, on the pants meters. Indians are top of the pants, dude. Where would you rank the Chinese? They're, they're close second. They're close second Or they, they can probably, they probably go like every inch or every year. They probably like, they're, it depends on how they're doing. How many of them are doctors? Yeah. Like if they lose doctors and their pants drop a little bit. But no, you're not wrong about that. Indian, Indian waistline is the ribs.


We, we've been top of the pops in terms of pants height now. Like, you know, we're getting told to pull our pants off and we're like, Hey buddy, this is, hey, don't worry about our culture dude. We got some shit going on. This is family business dude. Don't worry about our pants. You know, It was so fucking funny. But that's the question remains, do white people need to pull their pants up? 'cause they could compete in a global marketplace, which it just seems like we're In. Yeah. Have nice Pants. We gotta fucking yank pants up. We might have to pull our pants. We thought we were getting by with our pants to our fucking waist. Sometimes You, when the whites pulled their pants up too high though. Mm, True. Because those boys had some pretty high pants over in Deutschland. Kind of. He pulled his pants up, Pulled his pants up to the moon.


Kanye's pants are in the fucking Stratos. Kanye pulled his pants up too much. Take them Kanye. You gotta fucking pull your pants down a little, Bro. I didn't, I didn't know he did a Super Bowl commercial. First of all. I didn't either. And Then I, did you see it? And then I checked his website. It was literally just the swastika Shirt, Sika t-shirt, Hh three or something, bro. He went fucking nuts. It's been a good read the Twitter page. Fucking Great read, bro. The Twitter, the Twitter rants were pretty great. All caps. Sometimes you need to slap a bitch or something Like that. You know, he says, I have for the record, I have hit women.


Yeah. And then the one of them was in all caps, like, you guys think I'm freaking out? I'm actually over here chilling. It's like, bro, you're tweeting all caps. You're not chilling unless he's on some, like, this is the new marketing wave. I could see him go in like genius mode in his head being like, this is just a new millennia dude. He's like, you know, be like, I'm puppeting people through their nervous systems. Although he does seem, he has came out on the record, been like, dude, I really don't like Jews. So he was, he really clarified his Yeah, he did his feelings pretty hard. So, and he like, seemed to chill a little bit and he just like Chilled for, Fired the engine back up. Chilled For nearly a year. Yeah. Then he was like, you know what, man, Sometimes you gotta pop out and show.


That's been a funny Bing bop bing boom. That's been a funny. And then there was a guy who, he's like, I'm burning $25,000 worth of Yeezy shoes. And it's like, first of all, dude, that's the most laughable. If you zoom out of that from another country and you're like, okay, this guy said he loves Hitler, so now this guy's gonna burn $25,000 worth of sneakers is like, stop pretending you guys have problems, dude. Yeah. That's like the dumb, that's like for real. It was like embarrassing to watch that. Like, let's all unite and burn these $700 sneakers. It's like, dude, what, what battle are you guys even fighting? Seems like you're trying to make it about you at that point. Yeah. Hey everyone, I'm about, there Was a blow torch. I'm about to go viral right now with A blow torch in a fire safe and in a fire safe Environment. What? Saying I need to go viral now And then, dude, the comments are set.


It's like you already, you already gave him your money. Dumb ass. You like, bitch, he's paid, bro. I know How it could be securing a bag that no one on earth can see. That's what I'm saying. Once, dude, now that Jim Jones opened my eyes at the me bag, I wonder How his SWAs t-shirt sold. That's the data you Need. I, I've been told. Good. Really? I'll check it out. Did you guys see the actual commercial though? No. It's pretty funny. It's him just on his iPhone again and he's going, I blew all the money I was supposed to spend on the commercial, on these new grills. So this is the commercial and then it just goes yeezy.com or whatever, and it's just him and like a dentist, like doing a front facing selfie video.


Oh yeah. That's awesome. Apparently there's a connection with his dentist and the nitrus and shit. Oh yeah. Dentist Stuff. Forgot. He might be gone off the night. He might be gone off the Galaxy Gas. The Laughing at the gala. Who knows? I mean, dude, if you, but then like, if you zoom all the way out on it, and it's obviously again, he's like, I get it. If he's, if he's like full on SWOT stickers, I get why people are bristled by this. I he's prickling people for sure. If you zoom out, he might be on just some other shit of like, we should really not worry about what anyone says. But then it's like, I don't know. Could be a giant performance art piece. That's my whole thing. It seems like they took his site down 24 hours ago. Yeah, that I checked.


I tried to check it the other day. It was gone. I had, I had my shopping cart. They were like, you have a notification. Shit, I still have seven in my shopping cart. I was getting one for everyone. I know. Yes. For the fam Of Course my mom's birthday's coming up. I figured I'll give her a Yeezy swastika shirt. I Yeah, I want get my mom a swastika t-shirt. It is funny. 'cause at any point he can just be like, guys, I'm so sorry. I don't know what I was thinking. Everybody. That's fine. You're All right. Yeah, you're Good man. You are the man. You are The man. He needs to drop an album. The album has to be good. It's gonna be tough to make music with that lingering. I mean, has anyone ever made Nazi rap?


Nah. I don't know. It's crazy. He made a gospel album two years ago. Now he's selling Hitler shirts. It's fucking crazy, Dude. He might be just, I know, I know. I think It's pretty. But then how did he become a billionaire again? Is that even, didn't he get put out in like Forbes list of like, he's now has like $3 billion again or something. Maybe They unfroze all his fucking accounts. True. Gotcha. That's a cr Well dude, here's what, here's what Look. Gotcha. I don't wanna give anyone business advice, but if, if you know your account's good on frozen, last thing you want to do is do a SWAs stick. Eat T-shirts. I mean he, the funny thing is he was like, he did all that, got everything frozen and he was like, All right, I'm good. I'm good. Sorry about that.


They go, All right, here's all your money back. He said, I mean, I'm fuck you guys, I'm fucking, It's crazy. It is. This Is still still a goat. Yeah. I mean, dude, it's, it's still The goat dude. I'm sorry. He's his Twitter's funny as shit. Yeah. And he hasn't got kicked off of Twitter yet, right? I don't, I mean, don't think Well, dude, It, it does. I mean, again, it is like I, I get totally get why people are upset, but it does beg the question like, might we have to be all become big boys and girls about words and just be like, okay, this guy's fucking popping off on some crazy shit. You know what I mean? Because, but then again, it's like is or are people so dumb that if you start doing that, people will go up and just be like, yeah, fucking we are Nazis.


Yeah, there's that. There's that. I think people are pretty fucking dumb so people could see the green light and be like, okay. For sure. But they can also do that. But that's also the green light to just also pop off on the internet for the most part. Yeah. True. I don't know. It's wild. It is a wild Dude. It's a tough one to comprehend. How did he even get that far? Well, I guess you, they can't really, Or maybe it's the most simple thing ever to comprehend. Yes. A guy saying he loves Hitler, you go shut up. Exactly. Hitler was good. Yeah, true. No one's taking that angle. Yeah. It's just, that's the thing. I'm kinda, yeah, I guess that's kinda what I'm saying. It's like You're saying that like when I was listening to that Hitler book every fucking day.


Yeah. You listen to it, you go, this guy sucked dick. Yeah. Like there's this whole like thing online where they're like, he was actually cool as fuck. I don't know if you really look into it. It's like he sucked. Yeah, he, he was a big really Look into it. He was truly a baby. He was, yeah. Big time baby. The Nazi swastika is backwards from the original Hindu one. Yeah. And they say when you turn the swastika backwards from the original Hindu one, it's a sign of bad luck. Certainly. Was He Hexed himself. Certainly was bad luck. Yeah, Dude, that's what happens. He harnessed the power. It was just too great. Completely, completely destroyed the man. I actually have to whiz. Yeah, Wiz, Let's take our 90th break. We should be in an hour. All right, well let's go straight to the Patreon.


Bye. Goodbye.