
Wow. Wow, wow. Wes, I'm fully in the Loop. Are you in the loop right Now? I've been home for two days. Three days. So you're Just completely caught up Full internet for two days. What's going on on the internet? Well, Matt, turns out I'm a giant. Wow. Wow. Everyone hates, I kept looking it up and turns Out people Really don't like me very much. But that's not all. There's plenty of other People Getting called that going around. MGK is a new music video that sucks. Fucking made me want to bring a gun to school. What else is going On?


That'd be a good, you know that Rodney Dangerfield thing where he goes back to college as like a senior? Is he a shooter? Hey, you're picking on me. Take that. Yeah, true. He's not getting enough respect from the bullies and the jocks. But no, I've been fully plugged in. I watched, I, I was really involved in pop culture. Really? There's a guy who scream, sings that He says, and I'll be dancing Out in California. The kid who got it all wrong. Whoa, you gotta check this kid out. You're gonna like him.


I got all types of stuff going on. It's called white. It's been dubbed white hooting and hollering music. And it's led by Benson Boone. He's the lead to hootin and hollering guy. He's the guy takes, He's Beautiful Things that have done Oh, that guy. Yeah. It's like girl movie music. Yeah. Yeah. Brittany just hit me with that song. I'm telling you. Just listen, bro. I've Been all over the internet the last two days. That's, then somebody filmed Steph Curry at a Benson moon concert with a cowboy hat singing along and someone was going, oh fuck, Steph Curry's socks. But in Steph Curry's defense, I was thinking about this. If I got dragged to a I've, I've done it. Sure. I've gone to a concert, I've been like, this shit sucks.


I'm not going to this shit. Then Yeah. Then I'm up there singing at the top of my lungs to mum songs. It could happen to anybody. It really, you could take me to an Imagine Dragons concert. I was trying to think of the corniest one. Yeah. To be like a major fan of I would sing along For sure. I'm licking up. I feel It in My bones. Get stomping to the beat. Yeah. I'd be going nuts Actually. Speaking of concerts, I had, I heard some good news. I, I talked to two people who had gone to a Katy Perry concert Recently and said, she held it down, said It was fucking fire dude. They said, don't believe the fake news. They said the Katy Perry concerts are it. He said, what a performance. That's good.


Yeah. That's good. So Yeah. Who told you that? Oh, what Of my bros? One of my Bros? What Are my bros? They saw kp I could see how seeing KP Live would, would be a treat. Said it was charged up not to kids. She Was running around. I saw her running around, running Around almost naked. Yeah. I saw all types of stuff. I saw Jennifer Lopez did a very long dance at an award show. What? Yeah. I watched it seven and a half minutes. I watched her dance. She Did a seven and a half minute dance. Shit sucked, Dude. A lot of the, this could be a media narrative. Shit sucked Dude. A lot. It sucked to watch.


I was mad the whole time, but then I was, I was getting a little more disappointed in myself of how much I just hate dancing. Yeah. Like choreographed dancing. Yeah. I just came off like a real loser. Why? It's like when someone's like, I hate music. Yeah. I was sitting there and I was just like, I fuck. I just hate dancing, Dude. It's, it's kind of a miserable life, honestly. Yeah. Dance like, it's a, like, I, my kids go to dance class and it's like, dude, you forget. Like ballerinas are like evil. Like when they get older. They've been like screamed at since they were a child. Yeah. They've been beaten. Yeah, they've been, dude, it's like, I, I, I've dealt, I've been dealing with some aged ballerina types and it's like, not the friendliest bunch dude.


Yeah. It's not all like tutu's and fucking PIs, dude. They're Yeah. They're fucking mean man. And I'm like sitting there like, damn. I'm like watching them taking couple black swans. What? Couple black swans, Dude. For real? Yeah. I'm taking them out of this dance school, dude. It's like, I don't like it at all. They're just fucking mean dude. Like my, so they, if you fill up your card, you get like, it's like six little stars. If you get six of 'em, you go in the office and they give you like a present, like a little prize. And dude, we're talking like, you know, fucking a ba, Alibaba, some sort of like finger puppet for 2 cents. Yeah. Kind of bullshit. Temporary tattoos. And Chloe wasn't able to go to that one. It was just Maya. But they both had filled up their cards and she was like, can I get one for my sister? Her card's full.


She couldn't come. She's sick. And the lady is like one toy per card and just, dude, you're talking like this thing might've been 4 cents. Jesus. And I was just like, Jesus Christ. You should have, you should have assaulted her. I should, I should have dumped the bag and like pick him up. You should have crawled across the Pick him up. Stand on your toes for 25 minutes and if you move, I'll slap you in the fucking head. Should've said you've gained weight. Yeah. We're sending you back to fucking Siberia. You've gained too much weight. You slob.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus. Hmm. I've got a wild story for you, Matt. There's this guy, Nathan, and the girl of his dreams is taking hostage. Whoa. He fights to get her back. But here's the crazy thing. He can't feel pain. Dude. Isn't this a plot of Novocaine? Yeah. It's the plot of Novocaine. The best new action movie. Seriously. Rated R like all the good stuff. Stream Novocaine now@paramountplus.com.


Dude. Then we, when we turn on my, my TV upstairs, it's like there's, it's like always on a channel. Now the channels, I don't know how old TV even works anymore, but it's just they pick one show. There's the Baywatch channel, there's the dance Mom. Yeah. Saw. Yeah. I'm on Saved by the Bell Channel right now. We were just watching some Saved by the Bell. Yeah. Yeah. Zach was dating a girl in a wheelchair. Yeah. He was like Living the dream on. We've all discussed it. Like, Hey, we can't go to the fucking What's the guy's Beautiful Things? Concert man. Yeah. The beautiful Ben. They don't have The Boon, they don't have the bands of Boon. The they don't have fucking Ran. There's no fucking steps. We gotta stay in again and watch movies. We're Gonna have to watch Thin Red Line again. You can relate To that Dude. Blow these guys. Ended up Chairs.


Turns out we have the same sign to BJ's already. We're gonna have to do blow jobs again and we're gonna have to watch war movies. I'm sorry, I wish you could walk. We're gonna build a ramp at the stadium in about three years. I sent a letter. I I Wish this wasn't the case. I feel like we're trapped in purgatory right now. Yeah. That's living the dream. So Zach, Zach pulled it off. He was dating Guarantee the wheelchair check was so hot in the show. She she was, she was a little nerdy looking, but back for a nineties, babe. They they hit the nineties babe. For sure. What season was it? I hope I'm not going too early on this. No, it was, I know what you mean though. There it was, you know, you're certainly, you're certainly a pretty girl.


I've been watching my channel's stuck on dance Moms. So I put it on and my kids fucking love it. But it's just, it's not like, I don't know if it's like, I don't know what version of this is was Dance Moms like white ladies or black ladies. 'cause this is only Black Lady Dance Moms and it's just them outside the Algorithm. The algorithm knows your house. Yeah. I told you I had La Me's black ass Netflix, right? No, it's, they just have a totally different Netflix than us. That's Crazy. It's actually crazy. 'cause I don't think you watch the, do you watch all those shows? No, my grandma does. Oh, that's right. We've discovered this. Yes. Oh yeah. That's, that's the algo goes nuts. Me and Lamar's grandmother are battling for Netflix supremacy.


Yeah, it's dude, the dance moms is so funny. It's just literally like, ladies standing outside, like, like of the dance studio looking into their kids trying to figure out like which ones are gonna get picked for the audition. It's just them just in each other's faces. Like, you wait till you, my girl's the best. It's just like, and it's just nonsense. That's fun. It's pretty fun. I was watching that this morning. I was watching Little Dance Moms this morning. We're getting Ready for school. That's good. What's the one? It's not, it might not be Dance Moms. Is it Pageant? What's that one where the girls are in pageants? I think it's Pageant Moms or something like that. Is it? Yeah. That's a whole other thing. There's A really great clip where a fat lady gets told to be quiet. She's in a scooter.


One of the other moms is like, you need to put your phone down and pay attention. And she just instantly throws her scooter into reverse and go, drives outside and goes straight to a police station to report an assault. It's, It's The funniest video. Just her hitting the fucking and she's like, you need to be quiet. And she's like, it just hits the reverse reverse. I Saw a video of a guy on a scooter menacing the block. He was, he like zoomed up on somebody choked, like grabbed them by their throat and put 'em down and the lady tried to break it up and he hit the reverse and just bang. Like, who the fuck Was he bumping? Professor X He was, he was so nice. He was dominating people. The people on a Scoot dominating This guy must have been a menace back who was Bal person from the scooter.


Swear to God. God Grabbed this guy. Must have been an absolute menace when he was bipedal Total Menace. 'cause he like gripped the guy dragged him down One hand. Yeah. I mean he was, he was, you know, he was like a fighting a heroin addict. But you know, That must be nice Dude. Dominating the block. Just dominating the block. Yeah. If you just, if you were like a loser enough to be homeless without heroin. Exactly. If you stayed sober and just dominated all the fucking skelos, some dude talking to you, you're sitting down And you go, come here. Fuck. Get the fuck outta here. You could toss those guys around. You could toss 'em around like crazy. They really could. And they probably wouldn't get hurt. It'd be kind of, it'd be fun. It'd be, Yeah, it'd be nice. Especially, I mean, yeah, you could just blame them for whatever.


Just be like, I know you fucking Yeah, you And they probably did took The money that I spent at the park. They probably Did. True. They definitely stole everything you have. They are like little kids. If you're like, Hey, come here. They're like going through 20 different things. Like, fuck, Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I'm busted. Fuck. Fuck you man. Fuck you. You go, what'd you fucking say to me? Come here. Yeah, he was getting it in. He was, and dude backing over the lady was, And then he ran over a woman Just right into her. Where was this? I don't know. It was just on the internet. It was, Oh, I thought you saw it in Austin. Hell, hell, I was like, hell yeah. This is great. I fucking wish I saw a homeless guy with a fucking sword cane in Austin recently that was freaking me out. I think I've Seen that guy. Really? Is he by the mothership? He was close. He was by like the black rabbit.


Okay. He had like, I, I was just like carrying a box of stuff and heard a lady like, don't poke anyone with that. And I was like, I looked over and this guy had a hu like, dude, the blade was like that long. And I was like, Jesus freaking Christ. Damn. He's just, it's a cool homeless. I'm still waiting for the day. Like they, four of 'em test me and they're like, we're like, every time I pass 'em, I'm like, today could be the day They're gonna test you. Eventually they're gonna test my survival skills. Yeah. That must've been crazy back in the day when you've like been through like four or five life or death battles. The swag would be crazy. I was like thinking about that the other day. I was like, dude, my swag would just be different If you had survived several beatings, like Several fights to the death. Swag would be nuts. Dude,


This episode is brought to you by PrizePicks. Do you know Ball? There's only a few games left in the playoffs and the championship is officially on the line. That means time is running out for you to put your final takes to test to the test on PrizePicks. The best place to cash in on your favorite sports riffing point. Please talk about what you think of the playoffs so far. Hmm. Matt, please talk about what you think of the playoffs so Far. I'm thinking about these championships right now. Are there any Particular teams or fixtures that you've enjoyed or players Right now for me, dude, the Phillies are red hot. The Phillies Are red Hot Phillies are Red hot. I think they might be talking about basketball or hockey, But For sure. But you're not wrong to be thinking about October right now. Yeah, exactly. I'm thinking I'm a Lot of guys get lost in the dog days of summer and that's where teams start to rise and fall. I mean, I like where your head's at though. The red hot Phillies need to focus on a red October. But in terms of basketball, I'm trying to think who I think could take it all in basketball. The not the Knicks. They didn't, they lost No, they they lost last night. But it's, they lost night Night three one Indiana. Exactly. So I think Indiana's gonna take That. I like the, I like the Pacers myself. I do too. I didn't like the way to Necks handled themselves when they finally won a fucking playoff series. The fans. Yeah. I I'm, I'm, I'm going for the Pacers. That's coming from an Eagles fan. Have some class. The kcs looking good. Thunder. Yeah, thunder are looking good. Yeah. That's who I like. You think the thunder's gonna win? Yeah, I think so. But it's fun to watch Halliburton. What? The Hattie Oh yeah. More. These playoffs have been unreal with crazy things happening almost every night. Crazy things are happening all the time. Do you have the vision to know what will happen next? Let's see what we are cooking up heading into the last few games. I'm gonna go playoff matchup. I have my eyes on. Yeah. I like Indiana. Headed to the garden. Ooh. For the win for The, the sent it. So If I had to pick, I'd say more or more. Halliburton. There we Go. All right. You heard our picks. Now it's time to lock in. Your playoff picks the PrizePicks. This app is really easy to use. Just create a lineup. All you have to do is pick more or less on a few player stats or your shot to win up 2000 times your money. You could win real money with your best takes. You gotta get in on those. PrizePicks the best way to win cash while watching sports. Join millions of users and sign up today. Download the app today and use code drench to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your


game. No, I'm good. I added a bunch of dates. So July I'm gonna do Oklahoma City, Kansas City, August. I'm gonna do Louisville, St. Louis, Detroit, grand Rapids, Milwaukee. And in September I'm gonna do Houston, Tulsa, Hollywood, Florida, and Orlando. Please come. Hell yeah. And don't be confused by the ticket pricing. Old DJ t Yeah. Kid Rock signed a little bill that kind of fucks me in the ass if I'm being honest. It takes all the, it takes all the hidden fees and includes them in the ticket price. Yeah. So every, so like, it shows up as that. It's like, God damn, I was trying to make my prices. Yeah. Cheap People Were paying that anyway, but they were getting Yeah, We're paying it anyway.


But you get a little sticker shock when you see Yeah. You know, what the hell is this guy? Fucking, Fucking better be Funny. Yeah, true. And it's not that, it's not that funny. You god damn, I'll be at the improv, the Hollywood improv June 25th and then the Ontario Improv, Ontario, California, June 26th through the 28th filming a special Please come. And then this is the big one. Ovation Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey. August 16th. Let's go. Yeah, I'm gonna try to come up with some newer stuff. Is that at Oceans? Yeah. Fuck yeah. It'll be sick. So I'm kinda excited for that. So I'm gonna try to blend in some new stuff in case people travel down from Philadelphia. So, Nice.


That's it. All right. Goodbye. Told you I was reading about the mines recently. Yeah, I like that dude. They, I didn't, they used to build temples in the ocean. So it, it would be like a, a stones throw away. Like you, like they would say that's how far they, their units of measurement, they would measure the depth of holes by, I forget the word, but it was like the average height of a man. Okay. It's seven A lottos deep. And they would just like, it's like six guys deep. That's good. That's really nice. But yeah, they would build these like temples out, like, you know, 10 feet out in the ocean out of limestone. I don't know how the fuck they did this. And then the, they Would, they were wasting a lot of time.


They think they really were. They should have been focused on other things. They, Yeah. They could have figured some other stuff out Instead of temples in the ocean. Well They, they were starting to really focus. They were just like cutting people's heads off and letting the blood drip down the steps. Yeah. They would like have like a cool statue of a snake and be like, this thing's, it would be like a snake eating a line. Like, we gotta get some blood on This. We're gonna have to cut some people's heads off. We Gotta cut some people's heads off. Who's That village next door that we hate? Dude. Yeah, let's sacrifice those fuckers. They'll never join up with anybody that shows up. They'll never finally join up with outside Force. I didn't, I didn't know there was like three or four unsuccessful expeditions before Cortez, like a couple dudes rolled up and got fucking smoked by the mines. I didn't know that. Yeah, they were, they'd roll up like 40 deep and be like, come here guys.


And like these dudes would just go bonkers. And they're like, we had the weaponry. We thought they were like, we could get them, but they were just, we were firing shit off our boats at them. And they were like, we don't, they just kept sending guys and then they would take, it would take your boy and they would fatten him up. So the dudes who were in P-O-V-P-O-W can't These girlfriends. Yeah. What at these girlfriends, they would capture you And you would just be getting fed nonstop. And then you'd slowly be like, shit, they're fucking, they would eat one of your boys And you go, oh no dude, I thought they were treating me like a king over here. And they would fatten, they would just like have dudes they captured and be like, Hmm, he's looking pretty good. He's getting pretty good. These Guys, no offense to any Mayans listening, but these guys deserved what they had in Common.


Dude. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't know the guy. The, the Spanish got crushed a couple times. Couple Times it was like these, they would launch these like expeditions and just end up on the shore and it would just be cannibals fucking freaking out at you as soon as you rolled up. Yeah. They'd be blowing darts, fucking throwing shit at you. But that's, yeah, Just it was like, they were like more explorer types. They would hang out, roll up and be like, oh, this is sick. And then Sometimes, because a small amount took down everybody. Oh yeah. Cortes. Well, Cortez apparent, I don't know if this, I don't know if there was multiple Cortezes, but this was a, his name was Cortez, I forget his first name, but like, after like two or three dudes rolled up and got kind of what for, he was like, fuck this. And brought like 11 ships and 500 dudes. And then he showed up and they just thought like, you know, they, they, it wasn't even just about like his beard.


He, I forget what he, oh, he rolled up and he took the whole village. He took everything and then he found a guy's, it was like a noble man's wife, one of the Lord's wives. And he was like, he, they plundered everything. And he contacted, he was like, go back and tell him like, we're gonna give you back all your stuff. And the villagers all came back and they, all the Spaniards were like, here's all your shit. We're not trying to fuck with you. We're just trying to like get, we're trying to chill with you guys. And they were like, fuck this dude rules. And I think eventually you fucking Yeah. Crushed all of them. Yeah. Yeah. I forget it's the beginning of guns, germs, and steel, which is pretty funny. It's like that they just rolled in on horses and shit and they Yeah. Just opened fire. Yeah. Everybody started spazzing. Yeah.


They, they immediately captured the king. Yeah. Well that, that was like, yeah, when they told 'em like, that might have been the Aztecs. I, it was one of them where they brought him in. It was just him and like six dudes in the kings, like inner sanc to him. They were like, dude, you guys are so cool. You beards are so fucking sick. And then they, they're like, yeah, cool man, blah. Yeah. You know, that's awesome. But you see our swords. The One Cortez I heard he like was kind of chilling with them and, you know Yeah. Getting down. Eventually they gave him a, a Mayan bride and he like, that was like his lady. He started like sailing with her and she would like, yeah. I don't know if it was the Cortez the killer, just another Cortez. But yeah, the flag was sick dude. It was just the cross. Yeah. They'd be like, all, all who worship this symbol, like worship this symbol and have faith in it and we will conquer.


They would just fly in. They actually, he Cortez this Cortez was a big missionary. He would go in their temples and just knock their statues down and be like, you guys gotta praise the Virgin Mary. And apparently a lot of 'em were like, for sure. And when they would go, other Spaniards would pass by some of the villages on boats. They would just go, Maria. Maria. Nice. They loved Mary, dude. That's good. Yeah, It was pretty chill. Yeah. I guess you'd have to kind of believe them, you know what I mean? If you spent your whole life watching everybody get their head cut off and you're throwing rocks in the ocean to try to build a temple. Yeah. Somebody shows up on a fucking spaceship. Someone get shows up on a giant 11 giant boats and they ride horses off the boat onto the beach. You're just like, bro. Yeah, I'm with them.


I trust them. What, What's, what's your story? And they're like, no dude, it turns. And they were just like, that's so fucking sick. Because their guy Kit Kal was like their big, that was like their big dude. Do you know what his name was originally? Kalan. Ooh. Just like the Irish mythological guy. Kalan. I didn't know that. Yeah. Kind of nuts. Remember that lady I tried to book for the podcast who was like an ancient alien specialist? She wrote a whole book about how the Mayans were Irish And we was, we was Mayans. We was Mayans Too was mine. Yes. I knew we was Mayans. But yeah, I'm gonna keep reading that book. It's pretty, it's pretty tight. It was written by this guy, Diego Landa, who's just a missionary who was documenting like, just kind of how they got down and they just kind of like studied outer space really hard.


And then they just like cut people's heads off and just chilled. Pretty cool. Yeah. That's awesome. But yeah, they were, they Were, I wish I knew more about, I never really got into the Aztecs of the Mayans Incas. I was big for a little where they, I like the Incas. I'm, I'm always, I never know where the fuck they live. The Mayans were the Yucatan. The Incas are like Peru. Okay. So They're in Peru, Andes Mountains. And where were the Aztecs? They were in Mexico, right? The Aztecs from Mexico as well. Okay. Yeah. Because they do have stuff like they were, I think the Mayans and Aztecs didn't really overlap, But apparently they were Mexicans that weren't Mayans that would come down. They would battle the Mayans a lot too. They had the, they were battling the lads like way back when.


Who knows? But Yeah, it's pretty cool. The Spaniards would come down and like get in a fight and na they like would name the places. The one bay is just called like the Malow Pelar, which just means the bad fight. It was really sick. Oh, they were city states. Sometimes I see Mayan. Yeah. The mines were into independent city states. Yeah. It it's, It wasn't like one empire. No, they weren't like a group of people. They just, or there wasn't like a, they were just kind of a bunch of d different, they Flourished until 900 ad So like 500 years before the Spanish got there. Yeah. But then I think they just became like, they were Probably just chilling. They Were just, yeah, they were just chillers. They had one central town. They all like joined in allegedly after fucking Kates Cordal like showed 'em how to get down and they all like hung out.


But they would always be three brothers who were chill and like, they would just turn evil and kill each other every time. Three brothers, they'd start a podcast turn on each other. Hey, It would just be three dudes being like, yeah, we're in charge of all this. And then one day one would be like, I want 75 fucking wives. It's usually how it goes. Yeah. Hernon Cortez. Yeah. Dude was the bro. I didn't get to the part where they, I mean it was written by the Spaniards, so the guy was like, just like, yeah dude. He was pretty chill. Everyone, everyone liked him. I don't know what else happened. Pretty fucking cool. Yeah. But yeah, they had a guy who was, there was like two kind of like bishop type dudes.


And one guy was like, we have to torture these guys. 'cause they keep worshiping snakes and cutting people's heads off. So we had to torture them to like, it's the only way these guys and the guy's like, we can't torture 'em. And the one dude, he's like, try, he came to convince the guy like, we shouldn't be doing this. And the guy's like, no, watch this. And just like torture the guy in front of him. He is like, it works. You were like, fuck it. He's like pulling a dude's teeth out of his head. Like see, See, he doesn't like it now. I'll do whatever I Want. He doesn't like it at all. Now he's really afraid of us. I was, I was, I was trying to think about like the different races of human beings and which one are like air, water, earth, fire.


I like thought about this the other day I was at the beach, I was just high at the beach and I was like, damn dude. I kind of figured it out. It's like white people are water people. I be, I believe Asians are air. And then you go down to like this saying black People Mud. No, no. Latinos are fire for sure. That was the kind of the back. This No, it's Earth. Earth, dude. There's nothing wrong with Earth. No. There's nothing wrong at all With Earth. My thing was, but then someone just So sick to control the seed. Dude, Someone Gets left out though. That was, I was like, I thought I had it mapped out. I'm like, wait a second. Because then you have Indians. Indians are definitely Earth. They could be fired dude. Indians are Earth for sure. Indians are.


I had that 'cause I was like, yeah, 'cause then I forgot about Latinos. I'm like, okay, they're fire for sure. But then it's like earth. But I was going, what about my African brothers? What would they be? Because then I'm like, I, I was like, maybe the ether I could throw in the fifth. It could be the ether. What Do you guys think? I think, I think Earth. But then what about any of you guys? Someone's getting left out. Then what are Indian guys? They're with Asians. They can be, they combined Air. True air, earth. Earth, air. They can be farts. All right. Trying To keep it respectful. Dude. Who's farts then?


What about Arabs? You're forgetting Arabs. Indian. It's like Indian guys. That's Indian guys. You say Indians. Arabs are farts. That's your words. I was really hoping To keep this Respectful. How do you think it was gonna help? Dude? Do you wanna break down races? I Was in my bathroom brushing my teeth. I was like, yeah, this could actually go. Really? I'll share this one. Do you guys have any, would you like to help us here? Would do any African American fellows wanna? Sure. I'd like to create space for I have a voice. We'd to, to say. I just Know definitely not water. I kind of thought fire. Why? Why aren't we fire? Dude, we were more fire than Latinos, bro. Come on.


Yeah. No way. How are you guys fired? I didn't leave it. You guys on fire? You guys are earth Latino Heat? Mm, Latino Latino heat. Yeah. It's Latino heat. Yeah, Bro. I don't know man. Look, I don't wanna speak for you guys. I like to elevate your voices in the matter. Thank You. Yeah, we do wanna hold space for black podcasters. Thank You. But yeah, earth, dude. You guys gotta claim Earth's probably the best one. I think we're plasma. Plasma. Plasma. The fifth element. The fifth ether. I was giving you guys ether. I I was like that's, I was like, ether is the best Indian guys are Earth for sure. I can't believe you're pleading the fifth on this. The fifth element. He's clean.


No earth's good for you guys. Yeah, no, they're all elements. Elements. Why is earth Good? Because every, I don't know. Everybody claims the first humans were from Africa just came, you know? True. It's nice. I like that. And it's one of those things where like, Asians are definitely air. Let's do process of elimination. Can I Say they run on the trees? They're air. Air benders. What about Black people are avatars. Then we fucking get all four. I think if we're from Africa, You get all four one. We get All four. Yeah. And no offense just spraying Water outta your hands. Like, oh shit, air. Did you ever see those like Jamaican guys jump off the, the barge into the water. Like it's in the name. It's it's in the name. Yeah. It's between you guys and Asians. I think you Guys think air, you guys are confusing air with just jumping.


We're talking about air supremacy. I want have a cheese. Do you Want Chinese air? That stuff's bad. Don't turn this on me. Forget I even brought this up guys. I'm sorry. Let's just drop it. Right? We just fucking drop it. Dude, If you guys can't even mature about You guys, you just can't even mature enough to have Earth Earth's the best. If we would've said white people are Earth, you would've been like, no, we're earth. Right? For sure. Yeah. All the elements are, none of them are more essential than the others. It's Don't make us take earth. We can take it all. That's the Reason.


I'm not saying we have, we Control water. We can take everything. I know if we said we had Earth, you guys would come and take it. That's why I was being quiet about it. Fine. We'll give you guys air, white people, the avatars Fine. White people are the avatars. Never even told her that. That's a good answer. You're right. We definitely are our avatar. Just, I just wanted to wait to hear what black people say. Like, no, that's ours. We're That's our, yeah, actually that's Ours. That's a good idea. But we're gonna take that. We're gonna take that idea. It's really cool. I can't believe you said Indians and Arabs were farts. That's Fucking wrong dude. I didn't think about the gas element. They could be gas.


Yes, Could be. Dude. Oh dude. I, I Wanted change. Switching gears. Changing gears. Yeah. I wanted to tell you, dude, I went to, I think I told you this yesterday when I was at Porter Ranches, Texas, the beach. Oh yeah, Dude, it is on, on. At first glance, the sickest set up. You ever been to a four by four beach cars? Pull up? Oh no. I don't. I don't know If I have. Dude, this was for real. It was insane, man. It was like fucking only During COVID-19. When, where were you? I was in Hilton Head. But it's not typically you're not allowed to do that. Not allowed typically.


But it was COVID. Dude. There were No rules. Dude, this the beach was a road like that upper portion of the beach. Oh yes. Was Like a full outer Banks has that. Yeah. Okay. Dude. It was kind of sick. Just like you just bop around on golf carts, faded on a golf cart blasting. You had the music from your phone. It's Water Stuff. The speaker. True. For Sure. Now you're talking water. For sure. Also, dude, it was the Texas Beach. Everyone pulls up and like sets up like pretty sick setups. Like a truck. It's like a tailgate. Yeah. Barbecues. Trump flags everywhere. Got me thinking. It's like nobody parties under the Biden banner. True people party under the Trump flag. I've never seen someone just get down under a Biden flag.


That would suck so bad. Holy shit. That would be so, I mean, it'd be really funny. Just Turkey Burgers. You should do it at that beach. Do it at that beach. See how long before you get your fucking ass beat, dude. Just like Turkey burgers and fucking impossible, impossible. Just blasting Kendrick's new album. They not like us. They not Never seen it. You've never seen somebody flying a bating a Biden banner and just partying. Get a nice Kamal flag too. That's a party That would be tight. Harris Walls flag. Just getting wrecked.


Just having so much blasting NPR and be like, that's actually very important. I think It, I never thought of it like that. I didn't think about that. Just kissing a guy. Yeah. It wasn't a very inviting party flag. The the Biden. No. Couldn't have any fun. It wasn't very fun. It was not fun. You couldn't blast kid rock, summer anthem whiskey out the But turn this off. It's tough though. He shot the But turn this off. Hey, Turn that off right now. Yeah, man, I, I'm telling you, I I wanna see somebody do it.


I I want everyone to have fun. But it, it turns out the Trump flags are, it's kind of corner of the party. They are kind of a beacon for a good, a good party Kind of dude. Yeah. You have a good time. It was kind of a, it was making me sad, but it's at nighttime. It is funny. It was, my friend was pointing it out. It's like, it is Fury Road. Sure. You go on the beach at nighttime and it's just kids hanging off golf cart, like war boys. Like, it was fun. But dude, the, were There some fires going at night? Yep. You had a beach fire. Dude. They would come out the, the, the thing was called cinnamon. Cinnamon short. So like, you go to Porter nces and it's like the town by the way, bleak. Mm. It's a, I went to the grocery store like 10 minutes away to grab some supplies for last night.


Dude, I, I am, I'm not exaggerating this at all. There was an older lady, cashier and I, you know, she was just kind of sitting there and I'm like, Hey, how, how you doing? You know, normal stuff. Yeah. She just sigh. And she was like, eh, not good. I'm like, okay, good for her. Dude. It was not, it was actually refreshing. And I was like, oh dude. And then she take, took it even further. She was like, yeah, I just, I don't like this job at all. And I was like, okay. I was like, fair enough. And I was like, you know what, let me just shut up. It's probably annoying, you know, it's the 50th. 'cause she was like, it's just the same thing as people come and over and over. And I'm like, yeah, you know what? Let me shut up. It's, I'm probably the 50th guy to ask you how your day is.


She's like, yeah. I just, I just remember when my like, you know, my life used to have meaning. I was like, okay. Wow. She said all this. Yeah, dude. And then she goes, she was like, I used to be an assistant assistant librarian in Samoa. I was like, okay, cool. And she's like, yeah. Then a flood took the place out really bad flood killed a lot of children. And I'm just like, Jesus fucking Christ. She goes, there were families of children that died. She says, luckily, and this was a, this like, made the other person line next to me turn around. She goes, luckily it wasn't on the tour side. And I was like, oh, fuck you. Oh man. Damn. Damn. She had little Cortez in her. Yeah, dude. Luckily, Luckily it didn't get the pale faces, dude. I think she, I I think she was kind of faded, dude. There was a display of buzz balls next to her.


I'm like, she must be crushing these buzz balls. I would too, dude. Yeah, I would. Bro. If you're sitting there going, you know what, I, I don't have any meaning in my life. I'm a cashier here. I'm sick of this. Yeah. What's that? A buzz ball. Is that a Ball? I'm Take down a buzz. I was gonna notice, was that A butterscotch buzz ball? Oh, That sounds like fucking hell. She kept, dude, she kept going. She was like, yeah, man. She was like, you know, could you imagine the funerals are sad, but imagine a funeral for multiple children at the same time. I'm like, Jesus Christ. She's like, And you gotta put the bodies up high. 'cause if you put 'em down low, they just wash away. I'm like, okay, dude. It was a 10 minute exchange. She's like, yeah, my ex-husband, we met out there. He's a drunk. All the guys in Samoa, by the time they're 60, they're drunks.


They have nothing to do. They're just drunks, probably drunks. Before that, she was like, eh, she just broke down her ex-husband. She's like, smart guy. No common sense. He's probably drunk right now. And I'm like looking at her like, you're probably drunk right now, lady. But went on for 10. And then I start, I finally like, I got, I, I got the last thing bagged up and I was like, All right, have a good one. And then she just like, just smiled. Such a big smile. And I was like, okay, Thank You. She goes, so how are you doing? Yeah, true. Yeah. Yeah. So what's up with you? It's All right. Well, shit's going well. I just signed a Spotify deal. It's pretty easy. I just do podcasts. It's pretty Good. I actually haven't beat off in like seven days. I'm getting raging boners every morning.


Should have fired back. That's Good. Dude. I've been fucking, I I, I don't know what happened. I've turned a corner. We'll see if I can keep it. But I'm just,


bro, This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


I'm just like, I'm not, I'm not at, I'm not even trying to have sex. I'm not trying to, I'm not fing. I, I'm just like, just gonna be released. I've tried this so many times, but I think I've turned the corner where I've, I've been getting charged up that like, when I'm like, you know, I mean, obviously you all, you know, And you have to come really bad. I've just been like, reveling in that feeling. And I'm just like, dude, I'm just gonna charge myself up as much as I can. Every Once in a while when I'm hung over, I get the ultimate, yes, you need to come right now. Yes, dude. Yeah. I drove home kind of like that. And I was not lying Hard. And I on drive sometimes, dude. I Was rock Hard. You got rock hard for an entire drive, Dude. I, it was a three hour, 45 minute drive. No calf. I think I might've been hard for two and a half hours straight.


Yeah. Just nonstop. It was like, I was driving and Brittany would like put her hand on my thigh and I was real going. Like, I was trying to shift it. I was fucking, I was in a state, dude. It was crazy. But yeah, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to keep it up and just see if I can get charged up off the life energy, because it, it's a huge difference, man. When you're ramped like that, if you can like, just power through it. Yeah. You have energy. All these people say they're tired. It's like, bro, hold It. Throw Jack off. Yeah, for real. I want to try to like, not do it for a month and then get my tee checked and just see what my levels are. I, I would imagine they'd be fucking high.


Mm. If you just held, if you held in your goop. I mean, you know, I'm like a broken record on this, but I I, for real, I might have turned the Corner. I think it's a, it's a good thing. You're, you're very interested in the goop and goop retention. I am. Well, it's like go. You Got goop on the brain. I got goop on the brain. I got it's goop retention goop released. I, you know, I like it all, Everything goop, All things goop. I'm here to discuss goop. So yeah, that's been a, that's been a welcome to. And I like, I keep taking the maa. I'm just feeding the beast. Yeah. So yeah, I've been, I've been waking up. Really? I got a feeling these boys have not retained any goop. These guy, they don't was late Still. Jack off Lair had a blanket over himself when I came in.


Oh man. Goop, Goup. You were, You were in this room for five minutes before you laid down with a blanket Goop list. Dude, I'm tired. No. Goop. Yeah. That's a goop less man. There's no goop in the system. You probably got rid of your goop this morning, didn't you? No lie like a rug This morning. Count is three in the morning. Oh, you got Your fucking Goop out three. Yeah. Did you, I heard you had a little bit Of a, do you have a partner here? Date? No. You had a hot date. It wasn't a date. There was no partners, Huh? No. You individually gooped at 3:00 AM Yeah. It's a late night Go sesh. It was A drunk, rich an hour. It was a drunk goop. Yeah. Some of the nastiest goop possible.


For sure. A drunk goop is fucking weird. Throw you just throw your phone in a fire afterwards. Yeah. A drunk goop. That's no good. I always throw my phone. There's like a pile of clothes. I always throw my phone on a pile of clothes and I'm done. You get This thing all Yeah. Be gone. Yeah. Has anyone gotten like freaky with ai? What do you mean? Just been like, find, find me The freakiest vids. Or like, you could get, no one's ever gotten freaky with that. I don't think, I never even considered asking AI for per, So I, I've never asked AI one thing.


I've never used it once. Good. Never. I don't even know what chat GBT is. I've never looked at it. Dude. I've never, I was the same way like three weeks ago and I've started using it. It's, it's like a very bo it's like Google wants to, Oh, I guess I do with Google. 'cause now that that just automatically comes up, but whatever. Fucking, I don't know. I'm not worried about ai. Dude. I'm holding it down. I'm not At all, dude. I don't know why everyone's spazzing out about it. Yeah. It's like, I don't know. I don't like the, the, well, the thing is, if you have a job where you're like doing admin work, toast, you're a toast. Good. I mean, If I was doing admin work, I'd be like, release me from this. I Know. True. My life. I, my life I'd cashier next to the fucking, At least you get to talk to people.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, they, they're gonna have to figure it out because they, it will arrange, They'll, man, what I was gonna say, they're gonna make cashiers automated, but that's where the earth people are really helping. We can't automate the cashiers. No. You know what they do now with the automated cashiers? They wait until you're just on camera and they wait until you get up to like $500 of theft and they just come to your house. So you can have a field day. And eventually you get a knock on the door and they're like, yo, bro. They wait till it gets to whatever the limit is for like, larceny, and then you just get a knock on the door.


Damn. Yeah. That's how they get you now. But They are like the last, they're fighting against the ai. I fought, I fought the cash. You guys wanna automate this? Yeah. You've been, you've I've waged war against them. And I got, and I, and I, dude, I'm telling you, it's, I knew. I was like, they, they just came out. They budget for billions of loss. Yeah. Even like any store does. There's like, the theft, the loss prevention is like, they're like, we're gonna lose at least a billion this year. Like in Walmart. They know. They're like, we're losing whatever it is. A hundred million or whatever. Yeah. So I was like, bro, these are just rolling out. And I, I went ham. And then eventually I was like, All right, I'm, I'm done. Yeah. I quit. I was like, this is ridiculous. You Got outta the game. You know how crazy it is to steal like rotisserie chickens when your Patreon's popping? It felt bad.


I was like, I was like, I can't anymore. This is a crime. This is a crime. Dude, you were like number three on Patreon. I'm like, I was reaping the benefits. I was reaping the benefits. Oh yeah. I Be back home. I was a little fucking You were, you were feeding me, dude. I would lay back home. He'd go, I stole this roter back. I put these vitamins in a box at Whole Foods and pretended it was scrambled eggs. They were $2. Yeah. That was, I lady got caught doing my method, which was you take a price tag off of a smaller price item. Hold it under like a, I would get a whole like sheet cover for like 200 bucks. Scan, like a Walmart t-shirt over it.


So on camera, I'm scanning this thing. Mm. But it would come up as like four, seven bucks. But yeah, I, I, I stopped. I retired my jersey. That's good. I was like, I mean, dude, the meat, I would get fucking like 10 pounds of meat just not raining up. Yeah. You need that meat. You just bag it all up. We need it. Oh man. You really keep going Nuts. One pound of meat last night. He was tenderizing last night. That's disgusting. Ome. Three O'clock goop, man. And then you're laying on the couch, couch. Three O'clock goop session. And you come in here and lay on my I know you didn't, I'm certain you didn't shower.


I showered. I shower. Morning my fucking dick. You showered. Hey shower. I showered, dribbling on the couch. Ew. Goop, man. The big goop. You guys have any goop in you? Or what? What's your guys' deal? Yeah. I gooped last night. Poor man. Jesus Christ. Christ. Man. Those squads just drop goop. I also gooped goop list. I wasn't gonna fall asleep early enough without Gooping. Did you have to, you have to scurry away to goop. I had to, I had to put my dog in his, in his Ken. I'll throw a sheet, a blanket over him. I can't, I he can't see me. It'll devastate me. Where'd you get, where'd you catch the goop sash?


Living Room. Yo, bro. That's all I got. Living room, bedroom, Bathroom, bro. Bathroom. Ah, she'll hear the door. I was telling Lamar this the other day. You wanted to goop without making love. You don't wanna make any love. It's, it's that time of the month. You Can't, All right. All right. This, Yeah. I'm, I just edit that. I just entered that period right now. I hate the goose. God, She's a witch. Yeah. I just entered, I just entered into that right now. We'll see. I think I'm about to. Yeah. Yeah. They're all, they're All based on recent, recent attitudes. Yeah. The forecast got a little cloudy storm's coming.


What? There's, they have, there has to be a thing. Actually, some women go on SSRIs during their periods. There's like a, there's a, they like diagnose a mental condition that's like menstrual induced depression, whatever it is. Menstrual induced fucking mean as hell. Fucking fucking mean as hell, dude. Yeah. And some women now take Paxil and shit while on their periods. But, you know, that sucks. That's a good move. I might start Yeah. Likes it in I'm Worried about you. I I made you some tea. Ate Xanax.


She's gonna sleep for a week. They should be able to go like into like a mini coma for like a week. That's fucking bullshit. They kind of do. True. They really do. They hibernate for like three days. True. Just some movie on Netflix. Like these. I will say this. Shut the door In defensive old Benson Boone. Yeah. I was trying to hate the boy. What about? And I watched his American Idol Killed It. It's kind of nice. He Crushed It. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. I just don't like the, I don't like the outfits very much.


They're not for me. What, what are the Out, what's going On? This A giant honker and a fucking fucking bell bottoms onesie. It's fucking does a flip off a piano and goes nah. Yeah. It's just not for me. That's all. Oh, I think I know what you're talking about now. Yeah. Yeah. That, I mean, dude, when you enter into Girl, have you, you become like a female entertainer. It's like time's up, you gotta dress, you know, kind of. Yeah. You know, like a gay guy. Because if you, if you just like, try to be a female entertainer And you just wore like, cool normal shit. Like, we wear like fucking alpha stuff. Normal Shit Alpha stuff. Yeah. Like Alpha shit. Like for some reason they're Just, short's not a big deal. Something cash and light.


Like, nothing crazy, but it's definitely like Something totally cash. Let's everyone in the room though. I don't care. Yeah, For sure. I don't care that you guys are dressing up. Yeah. I dress like this. Yeah. Like, you guys are so worried about Gooping. I'm not like, if you don't even worry about Gooping, you don't have to Dr. Wear anything, do you? If You don't worry about Gooping, the Goop comes to you girls see you. They go, that guy's dressed like a fucking dumb ass. I'm gonna get his goop out of him. Oh dude. Also, I I, I only get goop from guys that dress like fifth graders. It, it, it works. Dude. It the, on the drive from Austin down in Port Porter, nces, you just gonna cut through these small Texas towns.


And in every dude, there'd be a town of like, you know, when you come through and you're like, how? Like, I like, this is crazy. Like, how do you even like, exist here? You know? It could be a town of like four people. Dq, DQS, like The Dqs are. Yeah, Bro. It's like spice. It's on racks. Like whoever controls the fucking blizzard, the Dqs, Whoever controls the blizzard, it controls the whole town. It's so hot down there, bro. I know. You get a nice blizzard And they're dude, every town, it's like they, there's just like nothing dq sticking up. And you're like, fuck, Bro. It's funny you noticed that. I noticed that when I was down in Arizona. Did you? Every single small town. Dq. Dq, Dq. Yeah. Man, it's like, it's the, it's the Taco Bells too.


And Usually Yeah, Del Tacos. But yeah, DQ for sure. Might, might have to get into the dq. Small town game. Just lording over small towns with the dq. We had one of Mechanicsburg that was a pretty big deal. Yeah, dude, they're fucking, yeah. Every kid's sports game is shit rock straight to dq. Yeah. They, you know, they do the hot food too. The little chili dogs. Oh, mayor's got something to say about the dq. I was gonna say, Matt would be a great ice cream man. I did work at an ice cream place before. Yeah. My, my, my hygiene wasn't good. I would be even in the back just like, oh, bro. I'd be like itching my butt in the back. Like, they'd be like, get out there and make some cones. I'd be like, All right.


I used to walk by like the gallons, open the thing and just scoop it with my hands and eat the ice cream. It was so gross. Matt. I worked in an ice cream factory and my hygiene wasn't great either. I would fucking sleep on the floor in the locker room and wake up and stick my hand straight in the ice cream. How could you not If you ate Hershey's ice cream in 2010? Oh Yeah. I was at Brewster's Brewster's Fucking Rules. That's a good place. Bruce does rule. Yeah. Bruce's, it was a, it was a sick job, man. But, you know, whatever. I, I'll be honest, I was still come To think of it though. The money was, The Register hygiene was low in the factory.


Yeah. It was poor hygiene. Yeah, dude, I, yeah, it's not, it's not the best. Yeah. I remember like, for real, coming outta the bathroom from taking a dump and like handling a cone and the manager be like, did you wash your hands in the bathroom? I'd be like, shit, Yes dude. There's a sign. Of course. Yeah. I'll be like, fuck, are you talking about? I just scratch my balls afterwards. I was like, yeah, what the hell are you talking about? Love seeing that sign at a place I don't work at. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. That sucks for the employees. It Sucks for those guys. I can go straight back out to the public with a dump on my hands straight back to the beer pong table. I don't think I like, as a child, I know for a fact I never washed my hands after dumping.


Yeah. Even, even never. Sadly, even as an adult, it's like if I wash my hands after I take a piss, I'm like, Hmm. Yeah. That's Really turn a corner. I mean, Am I a Dr. May Used to not wipe his butt. Oh, oh my. You might be, you might be fart. You might be fart. You might. You're not earth. Dude. I Saw it coming. I I, I was like five or six. It was, I didn't, I didn't have time. I had to get back. I had to, yeah. I had to get back to my power rangers and my BS wars. So you would just not wipe your ass. I would just get right up.


I learned my lesson quickly. Yeah. It only takes a short amount of knot wipes until your one, your underwear devastated and Oh, Oh, Shit. You must had full dumps in there. You Must have had insane dumps. Did somebody step in on this or were you just, you just naturally I think if I, I, I think my mom might have said something. 'cause at that age, I was still wearing straight, tiny white. Yep. So She was getting the laundry was fucking chaos. Yeah. She would hit me with the RUI and I'd be like, yes. Shit. She'll, I just wouldn't. Yes. Fuck. I went like a fool. A fool. Like maybe a year.


Damn. But it, yeah, maybe, maybe. I don't know. It must have been free though. That must've been nice. Just like popping up, being like suckers. I, I was still like, you know, I learned I was doing it myself. That's big once you start doing that. Yeah. I Was like, I'll be honest, as an adult, I've tried it a couple times. I'm like, you know, you're wiping, you're like, man, this is really getting me nowhere. Oh yeah. I mean, lemme see my body. You can be a fucking give up. Yeah, You Can definitely look. That happens to everybody. You know, I've wiped seven times. Yeah. It's just, I gotta go about my day. I can't sit here wiping my ass for 20 fucking minutes. The give up never works. You end up going back to the bathroom or You just forget.


Like, I'll be like, before bed. I'll be like moving. I'll be like, what the fuck? The hell's going On? My ass is itchy as hell. Literally, last night I was walking by last night, I took a nice, oh, I took a nice dump during the day and I, I thought it was fine enough. I was like, All right, I'm good to go. I like, was about to get ready for bed and I was like, something's not right. And I took, I like was I was took a piss and I like, just like, it's the Father's intuition. Yeah. I was like, let me just let see. Lemme just get one little ass wet before bed. Dude. You would've thought, oh, you would've thought I just had, I was like, oh, no. And my, I heard Brittany come up the steps. I was like, We'll find out, out about This. She, when she catches me just wiping my ass at nighttime, she's like, what? What are you doing? I'm like, nothing.


All right. I'm getting ready for bed. Leave me alone. Yeah. I'm joking off in here. Getting my goop out. Getting My goop out. But yeah, I, I've, unfortunately, yeah, I had a five year old's ass last night before bedtime. I thought, I was like, I didn't even, you know, I didn't even thought I'd give up. I was like, thought I was good to go. Thought I was Gucci. Turns out not the case. I, No, we've all, there's nothing to be ashamed of. No. Yeah. We've all, I hit a hard, I hit a give up the other day. That's straight to the shower. That's, that's the move. That is the move, man. You know, that's, this isn't working. Yeah. Straight to the shower. Yeah. I walked past my whole family. I was in like the downstairs bathroom.


Bri's like, are are you done pooping? I was like taking it to the shower. This was a disaster. Like, Jesus, This was a disaster. This was a complete disaster. I've gotta wash my ass. Gotta power wash my asshole. What are we having for breakfast? Prepare breakfast. I'll be done washing my ass in a minute. Next time she catches me, wiping my ass at nighttime, I'm gonna turn her and go these Beautiful Things That I Do a back flip off the toilet and land on my back. You gotta hear the other guy. I forget the way it, it's like you'll be Married in the suburbs, maybe.


American Dream. Who's that dream? There's another, there's another sexy crooner right now. It's a White guy on Instagram. They call it Kyle Core. This type of music. Yeah. Yeah. Those, It's Kyle Core. All you need is one good girl. Hit man. Yeah, you're good to go. It's, it's, he's kind of getting clowned though. Everyone's saying this is not it. What do you mean? It's just super corny. It's, it's, if Chain five, I'll I'll look for it.


I heard this song. Fuck. Fuck. Really? He seems old to be that whimsical and gay. Yeah. I mean, how old is the hell old that boy? He's probably late twenties, I would say. That's when you're just getting old enough to become, honestly, even gayer. True. Some guys do double down. Oh yeah, For sure. Yeah. He has, you know, there's like one person who had a kid and he's like, oh my God. Yeah. And you'll be in. Yeah. And I'll be dancing.


You'll be fucking going to the grocery store. A stupid bitch. And I'll be singing and gooping everywhere. He might have gooped that night though. There was some people, There Was some people filming that, that looked like they were ready for some goop. Women love nothing more than a guy, I think keeps a guitar and be like, it's so hard For you And you be gooping out in California. But I'm telling you, you guys see the machine Gun jelly put out the goop anthem of this summer too. What was the Goop anthem? He put out? He put out a full on fucking Goop s for the, for the broads. What was it? It was a Screamo Goop sash. Yo. Or is it more pop punk?


It's pop Pop. Yeah. It's just pop. Yeah. He put it out a nice goop sash for Everybody. That guy is like the perfect celebrity though. Just like he'll, like wear one of those guys will just wear like Frankenstein boots. Oh, he is like going full Backstreet Boys. Yeah. Whoa. He's ready to go Backstreet's back. All right. Backstreet's fucking back. Yeah, That's timestamp that we're not allowed to play. Cool. Goop music. I think we could play if we're talking about it. It's, it's Crain license or whatever or something allegedly. I don't know. Allegedly. Allegedly. Yeah. He put it in Goop anthem. It's, it's him and the California dancing in California guy. They're battling for the goop, the goop shot of the summer.


True. Well what about fucking the dude at the piano back flipper. He's got some Goop stuff coming. Piano. Thanks. He's gotta get this goop Up. He's got a couple Goop songs. He needs A goop. He needs to release a song so he can, I think he's got some new goop shit coming. Yeah. I wonder who's battling for the song of the summer? Kanye threw down the g the gauntlet. Kanye's still leading, I'd say. I guess Nokia from Drake is really hanging on. He, he, he gooped too early with that though. Yeah. He should have saved it for summer. Summer. He Should have saved that for the summer. That's not too late for him to re release the summer. There's no great summer anthem right now. Besides, I mean, what do we have Last year? Last year we had some fucking banger. We had that guy, the Tipsy, the guy Black Cowboy Sha Boozy Shazi. That was a good one.


He fucking last year was Not like us. Oh really? Was that the summertime? That Was the song of the year. Yeah. But you can't part that One's like This is you are just whoopy from the View View, bro. Anthem. He's dude, dude, you love the liberal anthem. He's Goopy. You love him. Dude. Kamala dance to it. Cute. Whoopy Gutenberg. Dude, you couldn't turn on anything without hearing Not like us last year. For sure. Yeah. That was summer. So that was some Was that the summer anthem though? It's not really a summer anthem. It's not in any way. I don't know. Dude, Suzy, he hit the certified level. Boy. Boy. I think that song is what made Gingers Black.


It actually might be, Hold on a second. Yeah, I got, maybe I, okay. That could have been Summer Anthem maybe. That was definitely the most played. That was nonstop. Yeah, for Sure. For fo show. But again, like, dude, I'm thinking Kid Rock, summer Anthem. That was a real summer anthem. That's like party time. I guess you can, I don't Know. Nobody partied to that song other than for real. The DNC. Yeah, Exactly. We're In, we're in need of a fucking summer banger. Sha booze. Was that last year or like two years ago? Yeah, It was last year. Yeah, that was the summer anthem. Dude, let's be, let's all get real. Yeah, let's have a reality check here. It's Time for a reality check. Let's fuck. Can we please get back down to fucking Earth right now?


It's time to get down to Earth. That was the summer. You found a summer anthem? Well, what, let's Say, what are they? There was, I just typed it in. What about Espresso? I had some help by Morgan Wallen had Some help. Was a big one. Oh yeah. That was a huge one. Hot To Go Chaperone was a big one. That Was last summer. These are all great Summer answers. Million Dollar Baby by Tommy Richmond. A big one. Yeah, that was, that was one you couldn't escape either. Shabos. Yeah. Oh. And I found out the guy who sings that song in the Backyard is Brendan Abernathy, an indie musician. Oh, nice, Nice. I've been googling. Good Luck, Brandon. He's, yeah.


Okay. He seemed like a nice, he seemed to have it be a good sport about it. He made a funny video with that Kyle Gordon guy about it. Yeah. But people roasting him. Yeah. He, people Are claiming pretty Hard. Seems to be the price you pay, man. If, like, if you want to get a, a big follow on Instagram, you have to deal with like, people fucking hating on you. Yeah, true. Like hard. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Kind of the price you pay, you know, It's good to, it's good to check the comments before you do a press run for tires. Why did you do that? I don't know. I was bored. I just kept looking at shit.


It's good. Yeah. I think I'm doing too much. And then you read all these comments. Top s like he's doing too much. I know. Fuck. That's, that's exactly what I thought. Oh, it's a good thing. I have a press run for tires. Oh. I blew it with Gs. What? I had 'em, I I, I told you they wanted me to do late night. I said I won't do it without Kirbys. That way I can pants 'em. Yeah, For sure. And then I had, I had em, I was like, we gotta wear a tuxedo for Seth Myers. Oh. And he was gonna wear a tuxedo and he called me and he was like, do we really have to wear a tuxedo? I was like, no. Oh, That was nice of you. I should have done it.


It would be crazy, dude. No, that's nice. I've still got some things up my sleeve for him. True. I mean, dude, honestly, it's kind of 40 chest. 'cause now you're going, nah man, I'm Just fucking around. No, I couldn't do that to you. Yeah, I couldn't Do that to you. Guess what, Sweatpants? Turns out you gotta wear sweatpants. We, we have to wear sweatpants. That'll be so fucking funny. Fuck. I Gotta get an outfit. I don't have any Shit. What? Yeah, what are you gonna, what are you gonna go with? You Have to wear nice stuff to late night. I feel like at least a golf shirt and some jeans Got Yeah. Got it. Got it Done. Golf shirt. Could Be it. Golf shirt and jeans. Throw some dungarees. Oh man. I've, I've also, I'm nervous about that.


I don't like that Late night. Yeah. Television. You gotta walk out through the curtain. I don't know. To the desk. You know. That'll be cool. Have you ever seen the thing? Mm, I never Have you ever seen late night television in any way? I've, I've never seen it live. No. Like a, when they bring out a guest, you gotta walk out. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you'll, people will be happy. You'll come out. People will go, ah. Then you can go out and dude, if any all else fails, They might not be that happy. We Thought I was gonna be Pedro Pascal. They'll be stoked. Gir wa just Watchings. Kirby's is going to lose his mind. It'll Be so funny. It'll be so fucking funny sitting there.


It's gonna be really bad. There's No way. It's good. The the best was last year when you guys did the tires premiere and they tried to do a serious interview. A serious interview after the premiere. And then Kirby sat next to me and was just going, he's just staring. I was like, Gerberman, he's talking to you. He asked you a question. He was like, what? And I fucking, what's wrong with you? And he is like, I'm having a panic Attack. I was like, oh Fuck dude. You gotta hit him with his cocktail before he goes up. He's gonna get some cocktails. Oh bro. You gotta get, you gotta let him drink on that. Drink on that Xanax. I looked back when we were flying. I was just like, just looking back at him. Yeah. Halfway through.


He is just like, He's a fucking cat. You gotta, he Feels Faded, dude. Yeah, he's A cat dude. You gotta literally inject him with drugs to get him on a fucking plane. I know. Yeah. Give him the zans bro. Give him like double the dose and let 'em just wear shades the whole time. That would be so nice. I'm just, I know what I'm doing. Get, You should get one of those like fake press bars in Kensington. Just give em fit. Let give him Fit. You should fucking kill him. You Narcan can him on by Seth Meyer. I could get in a fight with him on Seth Meyer. That'd be sick. Just get in a fist fight with him. That'd Be so funny. Dude. Kirby's getting jacked, dude. He might be A problem.


I know. He's ripped dude. He's absolutely ripped. But you've been training So I took a little week off there. Things are, Yeah, you're adjust back in motion. Your muscles are just building back up though. True. So you need some recovery. Yeah. It'll be, it'll be very fun. Ah, I how, how is Seth Myers? Have you ever met him before? I actually met him. He came at SNL. He came down to my green room just to say What's up? He was very nice. Yeah, I've heard that about a lot of the late night guys are like very nice. Yeah. I think they're all kind of the bros. Yeah. Are you gonna get hammered with them? I feel like Jimmy gets well, Jimmy gets hammered. Jimmy Fallon gets hammered. Allegedly. Jimmy gets hammered. Drink it outta the mug.


Would be sick though. I've always, that's one thing. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. How would you not, I would have to be hammered every night to do that job, bro. That Job. Yeah. No offense to the late night guys. That's a Yeah, dude. I'd, I'd be so I'd have to do something, man. That'd be Crazy. Dudes that get that job though. Always wanted that job. Yeah. Every single one of 'em is like, I grew up watching like Carson or all that and they're like, this is all I've ever wanted. I always wonder when I hear people say that. 'cause I've like, I don't have any version of that at all. I've never watched a thing and as a child and been like, this is all I want, I just would sit there and just be like, fuck dude. I can't wait to smoke a cigarette in the woods. This is gonna be so sick. Yeah. I never looked at a thing and I was like, oh, one day I'll do that.


I'll just sitting there going, damn fucking Party sale right Now I'm hiding a boner under a pillow. I didn't really have a choice. Yeah. The only thing we watched, like as a family was just football. Yeah. And I was, I was like, I'll play football. And then even by like eighth grade, I was like, I'm not gonna be good enough. Yeah. I had the opposite. I was in eighth grade. That was the one thing. I was like, I'll definitely be in the NFL. It's just a matter of time. I told you about that in, in our school. You wrote a letter to yourself. When you graduate from eighth grade, like a little time capsule, they give it to you when you're graduating. What'd you say? My letter was like, dude, obviously you're getting offers from Florida State, Notre Dame, Miami. Then it was like to Necks, paragraph was like, yeah, right. You suck. You're probably going D two.


I was like, All right. Nice. That's so funny. 'cause a bully from the past. You Suck. Yeah. I was like, yeah. Right dude, you're not going D one, you suck. That's so fucking funny. I, for real, remember in as an adult, like not an adult, but as a senior, reading it being like, God dammit, I didn't live up to my expectation. Oh, nevermind. I knew That's funny Wise beyond your years. But yeah, the late night thing has giving me anxiety. But that'll be, it'll be fun. Yeah. That Seems kind of low pressure. I'm just gonna talk about, Gerbes is a superstar now and hilarious. If season two is a success, vin's gonna be, he's gonna be lost in the sauce.


Oh yeah. For sure. He'll be, he will have his own little top golf Castle. He's the, the king of Westchester golf. True. He really is. He had, he made guys film, him hit golf balls the other day. What? It's actually, it was actually pretty exciting. Who was filming him? Just his country club boys. That's so fucking tight. Yeah, that is. So He's a man there. He runs that. He's like, Shane, I gotta tell you, I think I'm the most famous guy at the country Club. He broke 80 though. He broke 80. Damn. Really? Yeah. No, Kirby's is fucking good. That's Really Good. And he filmed it. It was kind of nice. It was on his Instagram story. So he was like, I'm about to break 80 on this hole.


What? This could be it. But he shoot like a 79. 79 Or seven, nine. I think he shot a 79. Dang. He's been really golfing. Fuck it. Yeah. That's awesome. I was pumped on myself. I did a under eight minute mile this morning. That's Tough, Dude. 7 55. Nice. I was fucking dying sick ever since you told me about the Murphy workout. I was like, I gotta do that. Murphy workout blows dick. Yeah, don't do it. It's, what is it? A mile? It's a mile. And then like a hundred pushups. 300 pushups. Fuck. 500. It's fucking crazy. Nevermind. I did a baby version. I just did a mile Pushups. No, I did. That's the one I did. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. A hundred pushups. And I was like, All right. That's a lot, dude. That's what I did this. I Was, he was like 50 pullups. I was like, yeah, bad news for you brother.


You're gonna have to do 50 pushups on. I'm gonna rip my shoulders. Trying to get one. Yeah, you'll get fucked up man. But yeah, that, that was, I I, that's the one thing I do like having a little test going on where I'm trying to get stuff like that down over and over. It's pretty chill. 7 55 was huge. I was at, I was a 10 minute miler for a While. 10 minutes is nice. 10 Minutes, chill. 10 Minutes. 10 minutes. Attainable. It's fucking chill. Yeah. The eight, I got a eight 11 a week before and I was like, I gotta break eight. And I looked and I was at like seven on the fourth lap coming like halfway around and I just was like, fuck it, I'm gonna get a seven 30. And I looked up, it was like 7 57. I was like, I'll take it. That's great. It was nice.


Yeah, it was nice. I'm gonna try to break it. I'm gonna try to get, you'll break that seven. I could get, I could get like low sevens is my goal. Yeah. I'd be chill low sevens would be sick. And then I'm again, dude, just fucking hard. Rock hard, hard. Be hard. Rock hard in fantastic shape And just, that's it. That's all I'll do for the rest of my life. Just have boners and just have boners. Have boners and run and not come and run. Yeah. That's my, that's kind of my plan. And I'm gonna try. That Could be your plan dude. You'll be living the American dream. But you know what I'll be doing Handsome.


Alright, let's go to the Patreons. Ooh.