
And we're live. Joel Blazer. What the fuck is going on, dude? Thank You. Thank You for coming. Doesn't it feel good? Yes. Feels good, dude. To every now and again, just to jump in hot, get the juices flowing. So, Joel Blazer, I, I, so we met in Milwaukee. I saw you on soft white underbelly. And I was taken by it. I was like, dude, this is, this is crazy. I think, honestly, I think you're one of their best guests. You know, they've done some Thank You. They've done a lot. They've interviewed a lot of people. But, you know, I just, you kind of struck me, bro. I saw you. I said, damn, this guy is the man. And we talked, and then eventually we met in Milwaukee. I didn't, it was pure accident. I, because you, I had this fucked up post on Instagram. My phone's off. It's like, you're talking right to me.


You didn't even see me. And I'm like, man, I got, and I grab my phone during and I'm like, okay, no, they're gonna kick me out. You can't turn the phone on. 'cause I wanted to erase it. It was just some fucking negative bullshit. What do you mean? Like, 'cause at the show, you can't turn your phone on, say, right, right, right, right. So then I go out and then you and I wouldn't even have turned my phone on had I not had that thought, which is that you inspired me from the thing. And then You are like, dude, I saw you come back to the green room. I missed You. I'm like, right, I could've missed you. I'm obviously seal on your drip right now. I could've missed you. That was Fucking rad. As Fucked. Dude. My, my friend, I think Nate, you met Nate. Yes. Nate comes, oh no, I think it was aj. AJ comes back and he's like, yeah, there's a guy looking at all white in the front row.


And I was like, I know who that is. That's Joel Blazer. I was like, dude, hell yeah. So yeah, we talked a little bit and then we met, dude, I, you dude, you're the fucking man we met in Milwaukee. You gave the signed copies to Nate and AJ of your book? Yeah, I gave 'em a little note. Letters from Arian. The notes were, I thought, beautiful man, they, they, we were, I was, I gave 'em their books and we were reading them. I'm like, they're, they're just beautiful notes. You're the man, dude, you're an absolute beast. But we went to the steakhouse. Thank You. Five o'clock steakhouse. Yes. Might have been the best steak I've ever had in my life. Dude. I, I'm not lying. That's good. It was so good. And then I, the, the thing that really killed me was, I've never seen this happen before. When you showed up, you had had an incident with gasoline.


Oh my god. Dude, that was, dude, you Smelled like gasoline. You showed up. I, we were all sitting there eating and I'm like, I I thought you were working with power tools all day. So I'm like, maybe he was like chainsawing all day or something. He comes, I'm like, I don't wanna be rude in that. What the fuck do, why do you fucking Guess the mother? The motherfucker clicked. I'm sitting in the car, the thing's full, it clicked. I pull it out, dude. And it just was squirting and it just squirted on the car and splashed. Yeah. You got drenched with gasoline. Like that is wicked, bro. You, I swear to God, I've never, it was such a pungent smell. I'm like, what am I gonna do? You had to just show up. It was a peace move. You could have lit me on fire if you're smoking cigarettes.


I Seriously was concerned. I was worried someone was gonna order like flambe or something and you would've went up. 'cause it was a thick gasoline smell. Although that's kind of the most manly per like cologne. Maybe we could start it letters from marrying gasoline. But yeah. So, okay, so you're, and this is what kind of got my interest. I watched you on soft white underbelly and you had the story basically about going to a supermax prison for selling, you know, LSD. And the case was crazy. Like, you know, we talked about it, it was just, you sent, you know, LSD in the male western Union. Some guy got caught. He he never got even caught with it, right? No, his friend got caught. Okay. And then his friend just told on him, they showed up at his front door and he just like told him this crazy story.


Right? Like, so they didn't, wasn't indicted. He would just, they didn't, he just Completely overcome right. On his front step. Jesus Christ. And then he gave you up and then you got on some bullshit trial where it was like you'd never got caught with drugs. But there was enough circumstantial evidence to suggest that you had used a fake name to Western Union Money and LSD around and they sentenced you to, you said they Were 151 months, 12 years, seven months, which I jumped for Joy. That was short. Yeah. I mean, was facing 40 and I get 151. I looked at my mom and I just went like this, like Really? You turned around? Yes. Because I'm like, it's 151. Like, I mean at least I, you know, 40 when you're 23, you're Gonna, it's your whole life. You're done. You're Like, how do you look down that hallway?


True. 151. It's like, okay, I can file some appeals, maybe I'll get lucky. And I did. But And that was 1992. So that's, this is like 92. It's Crazy to think about the drug laws back. There was even like weed back then. Like you go to jail for like four or five years for selling weed. If you had enough When we drove through Texas or we, Vegas, Nevada, like the, the older deadhead, like the shit was hid. You couldn't do anything ponytails back. Like you just had to get through the state. Yeah. Especially Texas. They said if we get pulled over and they find weed, we are all going to prison. Yeah. It's crazy. And now look. Yeah. Well, and so we paved the way. I should put a collection bucket out.


You should. You should. Well that's The young people have no fucking clue, man. Yeah. Even, even the early two thousands, it was like you could go to jail for like, like little bullshit like weed and stuff. I guess they softened obviously soften the, There's still some, there's 25 states where it's illegal, right? Yeah. Texas is, Texas is still illegal. Like if you Austin, you're fine. If you have weed in Austin, they don't care if you leave Austin, you can still, they'll like throw you in the Hold hotel Becausecause in front of the everybody. They don't care in Austin. But if you, is that, isn't that right Josh? I think if you leave Austin and you get caught with weed, like I knew someone who went So It's decriminalizing Austin proper. Yeah, Pretty much. I I mean they, at least they don't per, they don't prosecute it at all. It's not, not not a safe, it's The lib side.


It's a lib. This is a lib haven. Yeah. They actually have like decent food here. But you gotta deal with all that stuff. But, but yeah man, you can. And Austin, I think I knew someone who got pulled over with a vape cartridge and got like held overnight. In Austin? No, Outside Austin. Oh. So Austin's a safe haven So they can, where did do they sell it here? Yeah. It's like now we have that weird stuff where it's like the hemp, It's one little thing. The hemp Bill? No, the hemp bill. Oh yeah. Allowed the farm bear. Exactly. Farm bill. If you get it from hemp, you can, it's like Yeah. Or the big thing's THCA. 'cause THC is what's illegal. THCA. Now you have to, you know, like heat up weed to make brownies. Yeah. Carbo carbolic. Yeah. De Ate or whatever. Yep. So now if you, if you have that extra carbon molecule that heat removes from, literally if a lighter, it's technically legal.


'cause you can be like, well this is hemp. It's, yeah, it's weed's legal now, by The way. So, but is it medically legal here? No. No. Texas is like, I I I think it's, yeah, I don't think they even have a medical, I think all drugs should be legal and the world would be way different. That's really one of the driving forces behind the book. It's to be part of that wave. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, dude, it, it's Like it hasn't worked the No, the, I mean look at the prisons. Well What, what happened with Portugal? Didn't Portugal? Yeah. I mean obviously locking people up for years They did. It was much smaller. The Cato Institute did a big study. I wrote a couple op-eds for that. I don't remember all the statistics. But they, they would track it all the way to like, when kids first tried drugs, like it just had a positive impact on all the metrics of drug use, amount of drug use when they stop and then when you go in to do it, they say if you get addicted or you want help, here it is.


But there's a lot of moms who's young daughters and sons have OD'ed and died that if it was legal, if they were at one of those places, they wouldn't have died. Yeah. And, and you take the, the Mexican cartel would go out of business like that. Yeah. Think of that. So that's The big one. Yeah. Well that, that's the, but here's the thing, I I was, I read the book Chasing the Screen by Yeah. Great book. I read. Yes. They talk about that how like in in London they would give people heroin and then if, if you had someone, if they had to go to a center and the heroin was clean, like there were way more, way less deaths. But now the critique in America is like the Well it's a cesspool. America did it wrong. Like Oregon and Seattle is just like a whole area of Exactly.


And it does give the harm reduction stuff a bad name. 'cause it's like if you just let people lay on the street and you're like, oh, here's fucking, here's needles. And then my, my friend Jerry K. Stein was actually living in skid row for a while and he said the problem was you like throw these guys in like a apartment. Like, oh, here we're gonna give you housing. And then they od and die and nobody finds 'em. 'cause they're by themselves rather if they're outside. But if people can at least discover them, If both metrics were the same legal and illegal, the you, there's still the metric of the criminal elements out of it. Exactly. And we get the money that we can bring back in. Yeah, That's true. And it's also, it loses a lot of the allure. It's like, you know, if you're telling me if I gotta go to like an professional office building to like go do heroin, I'm gonna be like, You're gonna start to question it.


You're gonna think, yeah, what am I doing? Where's my life going? Yeah. What is it, what am I fuck? Am I doing it? It is not the thrill of like, you know, you're getting it, it takes the rock and roll element out of it. Because I think good work and it, it, it always is a personal choice. It is like, you know, it comes down to personal choice. What I do with my head is my business. Can a government really tell me? Yeah. Well apparently they told you they sent you to jail for fucking 15 years. So dude, So that you have a book. It's called Litters from Marian. I read it. I love the book, dude. I thought it was great. Thank You. Book was fantastic. It it kind of, You gave me that shout out about the jack rag on another podcast. Yes, I did. I did. I did actually, I parted it too. Dude, that's, I'm, I'm glad it, it's got cross a weird threshold though, for other prisoners to be like, yo, here's how you jerk off.


'cause I I know in jail it's like Nick at the third place. Yeah, Nicky told me, he started to tell me and I thought he was fucking with me. Yeah. And I'm like, but he is not gay. Sparky already got me stoned with all this weed. And then I'm like, All right, I'm gonna try it. Right. And I did. And it was wicked. And it was And what was the technique again? You rolled the socks inside out So it's smooth. And then you're not actually like going up and down on the shaft. You're, and it's hard, it's hard when you get a really big hard on, But you grab the shaft and then that heat, oh it created and then right at climax, boom. Right on top and underneath, Put some pressure on it. It has an effect.


Man. That's crazy. You, I mean like most got don't guys know that. Oh man, I, I don't know. I've never tried this sock in the fucking pressure play at the end. So you, you turn it inside out and then you fold it over so it's a little tight. Right. And you gotta get a big sock. But no, it works. And then it's all contained. No, no spill, no fuss, no mus. You don't have to buy her cab wear at home in the morning. True. You gotta wash the sock. Yeah, you gotta wash the sock. Throw that fucker out. Throw it out after like six or eight uses. What? Oh, she still wash between I'll or I'll rinse it, but not, I don't wanna put it in the machine. Ah, True. You need to keep it it pure, you know. Yeah. You need to keep it pure. I get that true. You don't want the, all those chemicals on you.


The funny, so you were telling me, this made me laugh a lot. So you get, you go to trial, you took your case to trial, you fight it yourself, which you know, that is honorable. You go take your case to trial and then you were sentenced, like you said, what was the first thing you did upon sentencing? You get back to the cell. What was your play? So it was a, that Was, You are, you're 23 years old. Sober experience. Sobering experience. I went to that cell and I just started to think, what do I wanna do? What am I gonna do when I get out surfing, sushi. And then I'm like, somehow I got aroused. Right on. You know, and the, the marshals were out of the office there, there's bars and I just fucking hit it and I made myself come hard dude.


And then I'm like, get used to it motherfucker. 'cause that's all you got. And I think that's actually pretty s good like to realization and just accepting. Yeah man, this is what it is, Dude. I mean, And who knows, maybe if I spent 151 months in there, I mean, I might have been getting my dick sucked. I don't fucking know. I don't think so. But after a certain amount of time, like say if you're there for 30 fucking years, man, I hear you. I hear you. You gotta be touched. Like, what the fuck? Something's gotta happen. Yeah. Or a guard that you get lucky with a female prison guard. That'd be huge. That'd be huge. That'd be very lucky. So I don't know. I've never had to deal with that. But, So you never had, that was, that was your primary concern.


You said going in, you didn't want to have to Get raped. Get my asshole filled with cu. That was, can I say that? You can say that. Yeah. It's your journey. No, man, I, dude, That's a real fucking fear. I'd be terrified man. 'cause you were down where in like Kentucky? Yes. I, that trial was in Covington, Kentucky sixth district. The first prison was like really low and normal. But you know, as it progressed. And the thing is the face of the medium, security prisons at that time changed. So normal medium security in the eighties, you might have bank robbers, couple drug dealers. The average sentence was maybe 8, 6, 8, 10 years. But now there was every other fucking guy at 30, 35 years.


And they're young. So it was like, that was like a penitentiary and a medium. 'cause like, you know, if a dude's got 35 or 40 years and he's 25 and he's disrespected, like what the fuck does he have to lose? Exactly. Yeah. It's not like you have eight or 10 and you got an out date and you're close. Yeah. Right. So like the tensions were different. And Also I, I did like that. I, I I have to say like, so you're there, you know, that just being like, look, I, I've never tried sushi. I'm gonna get that when I get out. I'm gonna surf around the world when I get out. And then just like, you know, and it is funny to like just jerk off with the, it is something, there's something serious about that level of acceptance to be like, this is my situation. 'cause I feel like people in and out of jail struggle with that of like, just accepting your lot in life and just kind of like getting, getting with the program rather than just constantly spinning yourself out.


Acceptance. It's A big thing. It was luck. I don't know how I, like, I look back, what the fuck? Why you were wise. You were definitely at 20 for 22 to be like, All right, this is what it is, is pretty crazy. Thank You. I don't Thank You. I would've been able to take it. Thank You. I would've been like, this is bullshit. There's no way I would've been in total denial. I think When they arrested me, I thought to myself as they're driving me in the car, like I had the thought, I'm like, I know motherfucker who's got a kilo of coke. I'm thinking in my head and, and I'm like, no. And they brought me to the courthouse in this room with the Christopher Bick and a couple other agents. And they said, you're gonna spend the rest of your, your, you're gonna spend all of your fucking twenties and probably most of your thirties in prison.


This is the best part of your life. And they said, just we, you don't even, we won't even process. You just tell us you'll cooperate and help us and you, and it can stop right now. And I said, take me to myself. Fuck you. Which was the hardest fucking thing. Damn. Because I knew it was not, I'm not going to jail then. Yeah, they threw the 18 count indictment on my lap when they arrested me, which I thought, holy fuck, that means they convened a grand jury. They've been fucking following me, trying to catch me with shit, which they were. So yeah, man, that was, that was a wicked, a wicked situation. Then I got out on bail for like four months and then out on bail I got in trouble.


So they arrested me. I don't know if I put this in the book. And then I had to go back to Kentucky through the federal prison system. And then once I got to Kentucky, they, there was a mix up with getting the car. And then I got out again. You did talk about this? Yeah, but I went through six or seven prisons. 'cause the way the marshal services like transfers you through. And then I went to this one in Oklahoma and now they built a different one. But you actually went into a prison with like six tiers. And so I'm only have been arrested. I informally charged, but I ha I have not been convicted or sentenced. So I saw in that point, I saw what prison was. Yeah, okay. Like really what prison was.


Yeah. So you got to get your shuffle. So I, I remember that in the book you were, you had to get yourself down to Kentucky to get like arraigned or Whatever. Yeah. 'cause I, they arrested me in Milwaukee, but the indictment was outta Kentucky. So they reigned me here, they gave me pretrial probation. They said, you gotta show up in three weeks. I mean, took Dougie and you couldn't get to Kentucky. Right. And like two days before I called the Marshals, they said, you gotta get there, you gotta get there. We're gonna come arrest you. And then there was an issue with my getting a rental car. And then my brother wasn't gonna let me use this car. And I, I mean, I fucked up. Yeah. So they were pissed. So they had to literally transport you from Milwaukee down to, But they don't go straight. I heard you just get in the system and you just, you go, you go around. And then it took me like 31 days, couple county jails.


But the, it was the one in Oklahoma, Oklahoma City, I can't remember the name of the federal prison, but like you would go to the chow hall and you'd mix with the prisoners like the wic, you know, and it's, yeah. Yeah. It's just like, I remember Gene Gotti was there, I believe at the time. But it was like, holy fuck man. Then I get to Kentucky, they gave me, he gives me the bail. He is like, you can't fuck up, we're gonna piss you all that. He's like, but I'll see you. I don't know, the trial was in four or five months after that. But you had to just keep around control that, that No, I went back to Milwaukee. Okay. But if that, that could have made anybody rat. Yeah. 'cause you see like this is gonna be home.


Oh, You weren't even, I see what you're saying. You weren't even like a fully sentenced yet. And the, the thing that struck, I didn't notice. I Wouldn't even have the trial. Exactly. So you got like a taste and you could have totally been like, bro, fuck this. I'm out. I did like the thing in the book where you talked about how they gave some people what was called diesel therapy. Yeah. And they would keep prisoners traveling just in perpetuity that like, they Just, the diesel therapy dude, that's Fucking terrible because you Don't, you maybe shower every two days. You're constantly in chains, belly chains and the leg irons. And then like, if you file complaints, and I'm sure they do it to people that they wanna break. Like maybe secret service people they think are selling secrets or whatever. Like some sort of thing. And then it's also a threat.


Like, you know, like if you go on diesel therapy, you're basically on a bus like seven days a week and stopping off only every couple days. And like in the big tanks with people, you know, You are eating bologna sandwiches, like Yeah. And you don't know anyone. So you're just getting shuffled or you're a Stranger everywhere. No phone calls. No mail Sucks. Dude, I never even, I never heard of that before. You always hear about the hole. That's the big one. You get sent to the hole. But I never, The hole's the jail within the jail. Yeah. Like, it's crazy. Right? It's super Jail. Yeah. The hole was pretty w the thing is like on the commissary slips, they sold at every single federal prison. They sold raw garlic. And when you went to the hole, there were certain things on the commissary. They wouldn't let you buy.


But you could buy, always buy raw garlic. Really? Cloves and like for the whole entire time, every single day I'd eat two to four cloves every day. I just wanted to do it. Yeah. Did it keep, it probably kept like infections at bay and you know, because getting sick in jail would fucking, you never, no one ever thinks about getting sick in jail. It's, it's the thing the light sicknesses are, you're gonna kind of get poo-pooed. But like if something's real serious, they take, because it's the feds, they will take you right out to the hospital. That's cool. But the, Well my, my friend was in a county jail. And that's the thing people don't know too, apparently county jail, the worst is the worst. Exactly. That's what I've heard.


Sapo wickedness. It sucks. My friend was there and he was, he was an older guy and he was in the county jail. It's dirty. There's no regulation. He was there during Covid and he said the guards were so like whacked out about interacting with the prisoners that, you know. And he was like, if you, they didn't come check on you at all. And the heaters were fucked up. So he was like, it was freezing cold. It always is. And the air is recirculating. You're getting dandruff. Yeah. He Was like, it was freezing cold. And he was like, I'm, I'm an older guy. He had, you know, any health issues. He's like, if I had a health complication, I would've died. 'cause like we would, there was like a, a bell or a button that could ring to like get people to come. And he is like, they would all ring it, nobody like for, you know, eight hours a night that people just wouldn't show up the fed because they were like, we don't want the guards were like, we don't want to be around the fucking prison.


Right. 'cause even if your federal hold over in a county jail, you don't get the federal. Like if you were in a federal prison. Yeah, yeah. There's just like, you're in the county. That's it. You would think the county would be the nicer one. 'cause it's lesser. Well at least you're, you can be waiting to trial. But it's like, usually if you get like a DUI, you think that conditions would be nicer to go serve a DUI sentence than like It's gotta be the worst place ever Running a pyramid scheme. It's a pyramid scheme. No, I'm saying like, Ronnie, you, if you did like a high level crime, you get better jail conditions basically. You get, you get a Federal prison versus like, well once you get there. Yeah. True. But it was that, that always, that just shocked me because my friend went and I was always kind of like, oh, I, you would think like federal prison's, like worse than the county.


But it's like, he was like, no, it's actually way better. He's like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You Know what I'm saying? So Yes, definitely. But either way. Definitely. So you got, so you got, so once you were there and in the book you move around a lot and also there, there was one Thing. Doesn't it come together at the end though? I like it. I did. Yeah. I like you did it, you did a good, you did a good job of like chronological leaps. 'cause it's like, you know, you're talking about your one time period like, you know, I'm waiting trial and then like, you're jumping to like being released and the stuff you were doing after that and then back. And I thought it, yeah, that's, you pulled it off. The chronological jumps. Thank You. Pulled off. Thank You. The letters were So what was your thought? 'cause within the book you're Telling story, there's too many, Well, here's the thing, I, I think they were fine, but they really, you gave a pretty, The, a Pretty serious glimpse into like the psyche of a, an incarcerated, you know, young person.


Some of it was a little too deep. I loved It. I thought it was great. But like the the best is when you sent a letter to your brother being like, I'm gonna fucking destroy you when I get outta here. I'm so jacked. I, I was, that made me literally laugh out loud in my bed. I was reading that. I'm like, what a funny fucking thing just to be in jail, be like, I'm gonna fucking beat your ass when I get outta here. I'll be so strong. Which I'm sure you're fucking around with your brother. But it was like Yeah, the, the, the, the letters did like, the, the story, you know, was flowing. The letters like, it, it, they really gave it some kind of like, grab some weight to it, man. It was like, some of those letters were like, Thank You. Kind Of dark and a good. I thought it was cool. 'cause it was, you didn't, here's my thing. You didn't have to put those in there and you didn't, you really, you really showed, you know, kind of an unfiltered like view of how you were and, and it was cool.


It was kind of cool. Yeah. I wanted to do the envelopes to prove I was there. And then the Hillary wanted me to type the letter out, but then I'm like, No, the handwritings cool means It could be edited if this letter, this is it. Like you can't change that. So with the letters there was, I, I I couldn't, I didn't know what you were talking about. You were asking your mom for photos. What was, what was the photo? Oh, she, for Playboy, my parents met at Playboy and she pulled this On her. I, yeah, that I knew. So what did you want the photo for? Just to have, I don't know. No, so she, there's, we would see the photos like when we were little and so they weren't all naked. Naked photos. They're nude. Yeah.


Obviously. Yeah. They're not all nude. But she has a couple. And then on the back it says Playboy Studios. But I think I had a bet or something with someone or some reason ulterior, I can't remember what it was. Yeah, yeah, for sure. But I got the picture and I showed, I said, look, Playboy Studio. Yeah. That was the one. I Think it was a bet That was the letter I saw in there because there's no context on the letter. So I like, kinda like looked it up and I was like, okay. That's, that's what I thought it was. You wanted the Playboy photos for a bet. You never said that in the book. No, when you're reading it, you're going, this is a freaky ass bull dude. Freak in prison. I'm gonna be Jacking off To my mother. I would never say that. I would never say that. No, but you're right.


That's a reasonable thought. How fucked up does this dude get? He's jacking off to his mother. Oh my god. I, I'd never say so. God. It just made me laugh 'cause I was reading the book and I'm like, what the fuck is he talking about these photos? And that, that makes sense. You had a bet with somebody. They didn't believe you. No, Gary, I'm pretty sure it was Gary. He didn't believe you. It might not have been a bet. It might have just been, look, I want like a, Hey, my parents been employed. But check this out. Like Yeah, that was An interesting story too. That was So how did that go down? I think it happened on Lake Parkway at the mansion. You hefner's mansion. My dad collected money. He worked in the credit department. My mom worked in some area where like you're just kind of the traditional whatever.


And then they met at the party and then that they married, I think they married in 63, November 22nd, the date John Kennedy was shot. And they, I think they met in 61, but they both worked at Playboy. And then Pompeo Posar was a big staff photographer, just hounded the shit outta my mother until she relented to pose. So, but the, the rest of the story, which I've never told anyone, probably never happened in the history of Playboy. So she posed, they picked her for Centerfold, everything was set, type set and everything. And she fucking freaked out And she was like, take it out, I don't wanna do it.


She's like, no. And, but she still stayed working there for another year and a half. But they said no one's ever done this. Like said no. Yeah. And so she's like, I can't do it. She was sort of traditional Italian. Yeah, it's a big deal Catholic, especially back then. But it's 60. Especially back then. Like people now wouldn't care 'cause everyone, people have like OnlyFans and shit. But like yeah, back then that was a big deal. She was old fashioned like that. Pull the chair out. Like just So What was the thinking though? Why? I guess, you know, I guess if you're in the environment and you get kind of, they do that at strip clubs a lot too. They'll take the bartenders and they'll be like, yeah, yeah, You should get up there. Just a, it's just, when you're in that environment, they're probably just kind of pushing you.


Well she was super fine. Really? She was extremely fine. Yeah, no, unbelievable. Like, okay, I had a party at the lake estate. The, the Super Bowl was February 4th and my friend was there and my mom came into the kitchen. And so I'm, I don't know, 40 my mom's 65 probably now it's, she's my mom. So like, I, you know, right on. But petite and perfect. You were cursed with a hot mom. So she leaves the kitchen and Bob's there. It's probably five years. My elder, he's like, dude, your sister is so fine. Can I get her? Can I call her?


And I said, it's my mom. And he is just like a lady blacked out. You know, like that's who she was. But she wasn't like a, what's the word? Like she didn't act like she was, but she was really, Yeah. What was it like at growing up with like a, like a hot mom? Basically? I, how could I know the difference? What do you mean? Oh yeah. You know what, Do You Know what I mean? You can't say. Yeah. I always wonder what that was like Looking back, like the way people reacted to her and would talk to her like when we would travel. Like they were very attracted to her. Yeah. I don't know. It probably helped me. I mean if I'm, am I ugly? No. Yeah.


No, no. You're looking guy. Dude. I think she might have been able to do a lot better than my dad though. Right? Yeah. So what was, what was the, in the book you include some stuff, like you guys had a rocky relationship and then he just died. Yeah. So How was that? Because you, you go into the, it's kind of jarring. 'cause I read it, it's like you guys have This like, physical, it's almost unbelievable Altercation. Yeah. And then he dies that day. So The week before he died, maybe two weeks, we were at the dining room table and I'm like, dude, I think something's wrong with you. I think you're gonna die. I've been having these dreams. It happened with my grandmother. He said, I'm fine. I had the, the cholesterol check. Everything's good. Then the day before, so what was it, October 15th, 1989.


1988. 'cause the, the first time I took LSD was a year later on that date, unbeknownst to me. And so we got in a fight over something. The cakes went flying. It was like a birthday. Someone's cakes was at my mother's. Someone had a birthday coming and, and then that, so we had the fight and I ran out of the house and I was kind of a fuck up. I got this new job. And then at the job I started to panic and freak out. They trained me and I said, I gotta go home. Something's wrong. And then he died right in my arms. Damn. That's crazy. Which is fucked up. Yeah. That's, and you were, you know, early twenties. It's gotta be a pretty heavy experience. No.


20 or Yeah. 20 years Old. Yeah. 19. Okay. No, maybe I was 2169. 89, 88, 7 19. Okay. Damn. That's pretty wild. Yeah, that was just like a quick thing mentioned in the book. But I was like, that was, that's Kind of heavy. But then what happened in Marion? Like, so like, you know, like in his, in world, like in nature there's no wasted energy. And if you live to be 80, you've had six years of dreams. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. Right. And so like once I got to Marion from this very first day to the day I left every single night I'd dream and we'd meet and we'd talk and we'd get it out. That's cool. Every fucking day.


So like, I made peace with it somehow. Like, but yeah, there was a rocky relationship. I mean, my dad suffered from PTSD. He fought in a war. And like, I mean, I don't know if I was, I don't like, 'cause you mentioned it when you did your thing about hitting a kid. Yeah, yeah. Is that really the way? So five or 6-year-old boy, like that's, it might, it didn't happen all the time, but it happened enough to where it's like, it's significant. Yeah. Right. But it doesn't have to define who I am today. For sure. Yeah. So I don't know, does that answer your question? No. Yeah, that does. That was a, it was like a heavier moment.


And the, and this was, I thought this was kind of interesting too in the book. The, I mean this was kind of like, the crux of the tale was like, you're in jail, you know, you're kind of having a good time. You're, you know, sounding a little black dog heroin. I was this Finance my weed. Oh my God. That's just the hypocrisy of it, right? Like, we're gonna keep this shit illegal. I know. What the fuck It is crazy. But it, for me, it was crazy that you just tried heroin and were like, man, That was cool. Oh yeah. I said the whole thing with drawing the needle back and the blood coming in. Was That, was that like creepy as fuck doing that? Like I, I don't like needles at all. That's why, you Know. No, it was creepy as fuck. And the thing is it just felt like I was really stoned. So I like, I'm not, why would I wanna do this other than smoke pot?


Yeah. Because then I'm getting physically addicted. I'll be sucking dick to get more or whatever. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. So it wasn't, it wasn't this like other worldly Oh, that's the thing. That's it. That's the other thing. When I went to the, when I jacked off in this thing, that's the third thing. So when I was out, that's was very significant. Oh. So when I was there I said sushi, surfing. And when I was out selling LSD, if you, they thought you were an alcoholic or doing coco heroin when you could not get the good LSD you off. Yeah. You were done. And they always trained you for safety first. And it's like they knew, they could see in my soul, this motherfucker will not rat. Somehow they saw that. And when I jacked off, I said, I'm gonna fucking try once.


I wanna just try it. I want to stick a needle in my arm and I'm gonna try heroin. Was that because of Jerry Garcia having did, was he like into heroin then, or? That wasn't until like the nineties. It's, I don't know the whole history. He was in it, I mean, probably from the beginning, but when he got addicted it was definitely in the nineties bad. Gotcha, gotcha. Really bad. And then he went to the Forest Knolls or Serenity Knolls and then he died. I don't know if it's because of the that, but it was the re No, it wasn't 'cause of that. 'cause the people that do heroin and coke and are alcoholic, they're not thinking safety first. Right. And then they bring that heat on people because the, you know, like they're, they're in the circles of the, the heavier drugs where LSD was very cland stein.


Yeah. So That makes sense. So that was part of your thing. Like I'm, I'm gonna try heroin too. Once, once, but now I can do it once. You gotta, That was the three things I promised myself. You were getting crushed by the corporate lifestyle of selling LSD. So you're like, I'm gonna, I was, I was always to get to the next show. Like, 'cause if you went broke you could sell grilled cheese and beer and make six or 800 bucks. Buy 20 or 30 sheets, go to some city for two weeks with someone that you just met, or they know the city and then make four or 5,000 and you're good for like the whole tour. Yeah. I mean two or three grand in the eighties on tour, it was like, you're set true. And you got three or four guys in the car. But like, there's always was the juxtaposition.


It's like I'm risking my fucking life for a little bit of money even though I believe in it. Like, So that was the dichotomy of wickedness. I mean, how Fun was that? Just being, you know, a younger, That was amazing. Basically Just following around the Grace Day. It Was beautiful. 'cause like that was, people accepted me. It was like a family and it was just like, love the, the scene in the parking lot when I went to the first show was unbelievable. Like, it just was what was missing at home. That makes sense. And it was beautiful. But no, it wasn't like I was in fear. 'cause I've sold very little drugs at a show. I would meet people and like make things happen. But it wasn't like I was out there doses, mushrooms, this, that. Yeah, you weren't, You weren't really getting after it like That.


And you didn't have to because you could do grill and you could grill grill cheese and beer and do fine and money. Yeah. And make money. And then, you know, the acid connects. And then like these people who did the LSD, like we will just say rainbow. You know the UV Vian man? The Ian man? Yeah. Yeah. So one side had that, and then the one side was surfing hippie ladies. And then a sheet is a thousand hits, which is like maybe a seven by 10. And then 10 of those is like accordion. So that's, that's one gram of LSD, which looks just like a gram of cocaine. And then they would pay someone to batik those sheets with each square of a hundred hits would have the, that ian, the Vitruvian man from, what's his name, an astronaut Da Vinci.


Yeah. Da Vinci. And the other side would be the surfing hippie ladies. But that piece of paper was like artwork. You could not, you could not counterfeit that. That makes sense. Yeah. So if you, if I saw one of those sheets on the lot, I'm like, All right, rainbows here. I'm like, gotcha. Search 'em out. Like I know I can get, and then they would front me anything. Yeah. But I would never, they would front me 10 grams, which is a hundred thousand hits. That's crazy. But I can, I would like, what am I gonna do with it? And they would train me. Like, if you ever think there's heat around the corner, like throw that shit away. You just have to stay safe. Like one time we did a 10 strip and like they were just with me when they met me. And it could, you took 10 hits you're saying?


Yeah. And they could tell somewhat however they told, they could tell. But like I was in, Damn, You know, I was in What Was that like when you, when you like that was your first experience. Was that your first experience At L Say No. No. The first one was the year, the year anniversary of my dad's death. I was with Right. A friend's, new friends that I met. And we were in the show. They were blue unicorns and there were lights like this on the ceiling. And we just kept eating the LSD 'cause we're like, I'm like, I don't think it's real. I don't think it's real. It was her second time. And then, I don't know, I probably got to eight or nine and then all of a sudden we're like, this is real. But then we just spent the next 15 hours together.


We were at the show. It was the most beautiful, lovely experience. Like you could see, you could just, you were just in the moment. I, it's hard to explain in words, but that was a beautiful trip. But the time I took the 10 was Northern California. And like, you could sleep. I mean, pure good LSD is not, I don't think it's really harmful unless you have a very, something psychologically that's really okay. Impending you and or the precursor to the trip. Like if you just got in a wicked fight with your ex-wife and she's taking the kids and you gotta double the alimony and then you, then that might be bad.


Yeah. That makes sense. And you, you were saying in the book too, these people who were like, there was only a few people who were able to somehow secure the ingredients necessary to make Ellis. 'cause it is hard. It's, I I knew a guy in a lab and he could, he could make almost anything. But he is like, I can't make l s a they God, I mean tar ate, no, it's a substantial amount of glassware and it's not just some bathtub shit to get pure LSD 25. It took some time. And so the other thing is like, and you're not just gonna make, you're gonna end up with millions and millions a hit with a batch. Yeah. You know, so it's like, you're gonna have a lot. But those people that I met, they never were about bling bling. They were specific to safety first and wanting to bring about radical social change.


And when I was in prison, I met people from Caracas and all down South America, these big huge Coke dealers. And this one dude remembers his face, I can't think of his name. And he sort of made me start to think even more about it because he said like when the LSD came and he knew about Ley, he knew all this stuff about like the scene. But he was like this wicked cocaine dealer. But he was so smart. And he said when that LSD came in, it's when people were rioting and the government and we wanted to overthrow things. And he is like, that stuff brought about radical social change. So it makes, it makes sense that the government wanted it illegal, but who knows why. Maybe, you know, maybe they found some true serum way to like make people Yeah.


They didn't want Russia to get it, but it did. They did a lot of stuff with alcoholism too. Yeah. That was a big thing for aa. I think LSD, the guy Bill Wanted Bill wanted it everywhere. Yeah. And then there's the, at the Jefferson in the fifties, they did, when I was in prison, they had a show with Barbara Walter on LSD and the whole was sentencing and everything. And so in the fifties they did this thing where they would take Alcoholics, holics, non aa, they take 'em on one bad trip seriously bad, and show 'em everything they did wrong. And they filmed it. And then on Barbara Walters inside federal prison, they had like the dude's daughters or sons and they're like 70 or 80.


And they said the LSD saved our lives. Like our dad or mom never took another drink. They completely changed them. Damn. So that was a small study. How much were, do you think how much they were giving 'em? They were probably back then, I, it was hit was they showed it was a thousand mics. They showed that it's, it's the, it was from Santos, they called it di lin cel or something like that. And they would give them a thousand mics, but they literally would take him on a horrendously negative trip the whole entire time in a thing with doctors. And like, well, it's Weird too Because, and then it would affect them forever until they died. Yeah. Dude. I mean, imagine in the, and again, in the fifties, like LSD like, you know, I, I grew up hearing about it. You have like a context for what it is.


Like, oh. It's like, you know, it's like hippie stuff and Jumping out the window, you're gonna die. Yeah. Or even even being like, you know, say I was following like fish and I, if I was a kid, I would've been like, yeah, it's like, it's like weed. It's like you get high, but in the fifties if someone just hit you with 10 hits of LSD in a lab and they're like, get your fucking life together, I'd be like, I have no idea what it Is. I would also, it was gonna make you go crazy. Yeah. I mean I didn't take LSD till I was 19 90, 19 89 20 was the first time. And So I had a few times at shows I would buy a sheet or two from someone I didn't know and I just would sell it at high school. I'd say, is this real? And I did mushrooms a couple times, but like, even though I thought I was a free thinker, there was this like, you know, you're gonna take it and you're gonna wanna fly and jump out a window, like somewhere that got started.


'cause that was always in my head, but it wasn't that dangerous. But I don't know if it's for everyone. Yeah, It makes sense. But I think that if a, if a big slice, like if you go to Gaza right, then Terrence McKenna would go all the way to group sex. But he is like, you get both sides, Palestine, the Jews, and let's all take some LSD and sit in a room. I guarantee you they're gonna fucking figure it out. Yeah. And they might start fucking each other. They'd be sick. Right. They'd be sick. I mean the, the peace on earth man. I know. You Know? Yeah. I mean it does seem like it could, you know, do that. It is, it is unfortunate. 'cause I, like you were saying, it's not for everybody. And I have seen people who, who abuse it kind of lose it. Like LSD.


Yes. So I've never seen that. I believe it. I know. But, But I think you have to have underlying stuff already kind of kicking around. Used It like daily. They were just, no, there was like every weekend just boom. Like, and like constantly as you said in your book, you didn't take it that Less than a dozen times because it's so profound. What do you need these Guys were every weekend that the nitrous, they were just partying with it. And they, I remember, wow, They, I see the one guy, I was in a grocery store and I'm like, oh, hey, what's up man? He was working there. I'm like, how you doing? Who's this dude? He was, he cornered me. He is like, I'm fighting a battle against light and darkness. And I was like, oh boy. I was like, All right bro. I was like, you know, fuck, I'm gonna grab my, my stuffing, get outta here. But it was, yeah, I remember this guy. But again, it could have been just like underlying stuff. 'cause that is like, you know, if you take a person who already has, even if like, you know, they could have like, had a job and just been a little weird or whatever, but it's like, if you've really kind of ramped that shit up and it's like you don't give 'em any kind of like, way to work through all that stuff.


It's like, yeah, no, you're right. Kind of makes sense. You would lose your fucking mind because you Have psych now. What is that? That was a, I'm, I'm still trying to figure out how to do it. I, I have an idea with what I wanna do, but I got obsessed. So I've always liked psychology. So I, I've always liked psychology. And then I went to school for social work to get my master's. Yes. I wanted to start something like AA that's just not centered around drugs. Where you can, you can kind of get people Anything. Yes. Who are like, you, you, I could talk to people who are, you know, like PhDs or whatever and have them help me come up with some sort of program that could be peer led around like just mental health stuff in general. That way. Like, you can't afford a therapy if you can't afford a therapist. You could still have like a group that's like, it's not like therapy per se, but it would be using, Sharing the Tools.


Yeah. Like that these people, like these PhD level people make up and like how do you kind of disseminate them in a way that like, that could be done in like a peer-to-peer thing. So that's my goal. And I'm, I'm still now looking for therapists now. 'cause I, I wanted just salary a couple therapists now that I can to just kind of like run groups and like kind of like See where Curate the whole like online space. That's awesome. Yeah. And It'd be, it's for, How did you get that name? I Made it up So I, no, I don't know. Like, it, it sounded funny 'cause, you know, but, but yeah, So that, that is my goal because, you know, we do, we do need to figure something out collectively. 'cause this isn't, you know, it's clearly not working, dude. It's like the fact that we're immune to like, kids shooting kids in school now. It's like, it happens enough to where it's like, All right, dude, there's some, we need to organize ourselves mentally a different way.


We're we're organized around, you know, one thing right now and it's not really money Not working. Yeah. Pretty much. And it's like, it's, it's good. I don't hate, I don't hate money, but it's like, it's clearly something's getting fucked up. And it's like we're, I, I really feel like as human beings, you know, we're organisms and like, we're not, it's, it's hard for people to wrap their head around the fact for everybody that they're not like the most important person in the world. 'cause as an organism, if you, you know, if you think about organisms, if you, the Cells we're all a cells, right? Yeah. Well, if you, If you're an organism and you sense an organism that's bigger than you, that's a threat to your life. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because if you're, if, if you're an animal, just say you're an animal. If you're an animal and you see, if you're an wolf and you see a bigger wolf, that wolf is, could very well kill you. And that sets off a chain of reactions.


But human beings are sense of, like, largeness is kind of abstract. So if you just perceive somebody's bigger than you, in some sense it can set off like a very real Chain fair Reaction. Biological events that can color your thinking and behavior. And it's like, no one really thinks about that, but it's like something people have to come to grips with, but whatever. But the, but yeah, so that's, I don't know, man. I think we could, we could have a good time up here on earth, but it's, you know, it's, it sucks for everybody. It's kind of shitty. Is it the human condition? I think so. We're stuck. The iPhone. I, yeah, that's, I got an iPhone in April or May. I had a flip phone from 2013. I shut off my iPhone too.


Dude, that motherfucker is worse than bad cocaine. Dude. Dude, It's dude, I'm coming to grips with how addicted I am to my phone, and it's like, it's bad, man. I got my screen time down to like, I think like three hours and I, I think this week I should be hitting two. But it's like, dude, it's such an addiction, But you need it for your business, right? Yeah. I, I do. But it's like, I could use it in a way where I'm not like pulling it out, being like, and I'm gonna say every Two hours. They're just a lot. Well, The worst part is with social media, you're addicted to it is yourself. You're like, you've commodified your personality. I mean, like you're checking your numbers, how much money? Yeah. Now you have like, it's, it's like very real, you know, quantitative data on like your personality. And so of course you're, there's an addictive component to the phone, but like, nothing's more addictive.


Addictive than yourself and like, you know, your insecurities and checking on all that. And I, I think that's what ties a lot of people to, and it's, and The kids now that they're like, if I don't have likes this whole idea of Yeah, it sucks shootings. Yeah. So that's, you know, but either way, so yeah, I kinda agree. I, you know, something needs to happen. But, you know, it's one of those things where it's like when people try to push the pedal, like, I got the solution and push the pedal, usually it's just 10 times worse. So I don't know. I'll, I'll be curious to see what happens to people, but either way. So, dude, okay, so you're, I, this is what, what else did I wanna ask you about? So you, oh, this is the thing that was, I thought was crazy. So you're in, you're just, you're kicking around different, you know, prisons six.


Yeah. You're six different, it didn't adjust well, who does? Right? True. But you're kicking around. Things are going well, you know, you're, you're, you know, you, you've got some, you got some hustles going on. And then Always hustle. You Have the altercation with the guard. And this was the thing I thought the craziest part of the book. You have the altercation with the guard. If you said that name in a disrespectful way, the Arian Brotherhood would've killed you. What do you mean? Wait, which guard you're talking about The guard. Who sent you to Mion? Oh, That guy. The lieutenant. Okay. No, what guard Are you talking about? And when I am Marion, when I said I'll do you like Tommy Silverstein? Dude, dude, that was crazy. So that's like ridiculous. Okay. Oh no. The black lieutenant though, that really was the chain of events to get me there.


This Was a kind of, I thought it was kind of nuts. So you're, you're in jail, things are going well, whatever the, this black lieutenant takes your bag, you guys get into an altercation. So then he Called me a hippie rat. He did, he threw me down. He did, he called me a hippie rat. And I called him a really fucked up name. I don't want to say It's All right, you don't have to, But, so, and then, but the whole yard saw that. Yes. And he had it do something and I Never rat it. But he knew that. He knew I, Oh, I didn't realized that He said that to you in front of all the other prisoners, which is kind of a death sentence. He Like, he's like, well, 'cause when I came to that prison, he wanted the bag. Yeah. He's like, I'm gonna get that bag. I know you faked that property slip And your friend stitched it for you. And it was like a nice, yeah, it was like a, it was like your prize possession. James Irving. Yeah. And so it was in, that was the third prison I was in with it.


And then it, I'm coming outta chow to go to the, the yard and he just gimme that bag. You hippy rat. And I yanked it back, just outta reaction. He body slammed me. He's like 6 4, 6 5. Yeah. 2 50, 2 60. Huge lieutenant. I mean, he is running it. And he is like, you fucking hippie rat. And I'm like, oh fuck. But he knew when you come in, they know who's ratted, who didn't rat, who might have to be in PC or not. Oh. So he knew that he was pushing my buttons. But anyway, Yeah. So that the, the thing I thought that was wild was like that incident kind of aligned itself with the, the crack laws where it was like they reduced the sentences on powder cocaine.


Didn't reduce the sentences on crack cocaine. So then there were these like racial rights in the jail. And then that the, That was the first one out of 12 to riot. That's really significant. 12 prisons around the country. Like Yeah. And like, dude, the, the extent Extent the damage was crazy. Like the bill you were saying it was just, did You see the report? No. What was the report? I put, I have the whole riot report. Well now I gotta re-put it back up on my new website. But it's a report from the Justice Department. It shows like all the prisons that ride it, what was burned down to the ground. And they said that the instigator was Talladega, Alabama. And they charged me with leading it. Which was the, the lieutenant. Like this. That was a crazy thing. Yeah, Well It was, it was really like a racial racially inspired riot.


'cause it was like black guys were gonna jail for crack white, for the most part, white guys are gonna jail for Coke. And at methamphetamine and LSD, they changed all those three. Oh, Okay. So was Three. So Black guys were understandably kind of pissed. So they rioted. It's the same drug. I know. And then they, but then the, that lieutenant was like, oh yeah, this guy instigated the riot. So you went to from just like, you know, prison to then having to go to Supermax prison based on really just a beef you had with the lieutenant, which is fucking crazy. Crazy. Yeah. There's 22 or 23 black guys and me. And then after the riot, when they did the hearings, everybody in the prison got in wicked trouble. But no one got sent to Marian. But just us 23 And Marian, can you explain what Marian is?


'cause I didn't know what it was before I read the book. Supermax Federal Prison opened up in 63 after Alcatraz closed, there was a control unit. And then in 1983, Tommy Silverstein and Clayton Fontaine killed two prison guards in the control unit, which was the supermax of Supermaxes. And then as a result of that, they made all of Marian the control unit. And they called it the Mion model. So that was the most secure, heinous 23 hour lockdown ever fucking conceived. And man, and then like 2006, they decommissioned it and then the 80 x opened. But in the 1990s was like 300 and the 85 of the most sophisticated preda motherfuckers on planet Earth, man.


And me, what the Fuck? Dude was long Hair. It was 23 Hour lockdown. One hour outside a day. Yeah. And You had bars. So that's actually was a saving grace. 'cause if You are laying in your cell, single cells, You are looking out and you see the big tall windows where if you imagined it was like a door, like in the 80 x and some days they might give us 90 minutes. Damn. And you were, you know, but that you were saying in the, sorry. And, and the thing that really kind of like I thought was nuts in the other prison, during the riots, you were like about to go to the yard to work out. And you were like, It was weird. It's, Lemme go back to my room. And you were saying the the yard itself was just like an apocalyptic battle of like, dudes getting raped. People get in their head smashed. When I went to Marian, my neighbor told me a story of dean who went out on the yard.


'cause he said that they, after the riots, they both got transferred to this other prison. Then t came to Marian and then, and he, he just, he didn't know that what you just said that I put in the book. But he told me what happened out on the yard. And he said Dean was almost dead. Like he, he was beat so bad, like his head caved in like he was alive, but just like not doing really good. Even after like months of like, he was that fucked up. But then in the unit you walk in and it was just a jungle. But like we were all together. Yeah. They were breaking the machines. We were trying to break down the door to where all the records were because that all the official records were still oh, destroy physical.


These guys who had all the, the crack law guys wanted to burn 'em. Understandable. You Know, because no, I only have a year. Damn. No, they would've signed. I know, I know that. You know, I'm saying. I know. That'd been crazy taking that down. And that book I taught and in the book, you Can't win by Jack Black, that like, he's like a burglar or whatever in the early 19 hundreds. He ends up finally in a, a jail in California, I think in, was it Folsom? Maybe it was Fol. I don't know where it was. But he, either way he got, there was an earthquake and all of the records for all the prisoners got destroyed in like a fire or something. And he ended up getting stuck. 'cause he couldn't get out. He couldn't go in or out 'cause he was already there. So he couldn't prove like he did enough time.


But he eventually did get out. But yeah, that's, damn, I if only had those guys that grabbed the records. That'd have been so sweet. When I, when they toured us out of the, 'cause I didn't see everything that happened. Once they locked us down. We were in that unit for 8, 9, 10, 12, 13 days before we left for Marmion. But when they took us all out to go to Marion, the one building was burnt to the ground and another building was halfway burnt down. And then when we were in there, we could hear bulldozers and shit. But you didn't really know it was happened. But I'm like, where the whole housing unit was, it was gone. It's like, fuck. I mean, you could smell smoke, But you just didn't know how bad it was. Yeah. You got to See the Damage. And Before they took our radios, we would hear on like that one dude, I can't remember that guy.


He would always come on in the morning, his national radio show. But he had started to say about all these other prisons that rioted. He, he was, you know, I mean Oh, he said all the other ones. Yeah. And they kind of tried to suppress that. Yeah, I remember reading that. How they were trying to act like, nah we're good. And then other didn't other ones like say there was stuff just So that they could clamp down and get overtime and all that. Exactly. Yeah. That was in the report too. Yeah. There were some that did that. And the funny thing is, the ones that, here's the thing, what I, what I talked about earlier, the medium security prisons were the ones were the most violence in buildings being burnt happen. 'cause these guys that it's a, it's a consensual crime. I sell you something.


Yeah, I know it's illegal. All right. I didn't do the crime, do the time. But it's like, I could have raped, I could have robbed you. I could have stolen so much more money and gotten less time. Like it's not fair in, it doesn't sense equal justice doesn't Make sense. That was always my thing. It's like it, the, the prison law should be according to who would you rather have as your neighbor? Right. It's like, would I rather have a guy who sold coke or a pedophile? It's like, All right, a pedophile should do longer time than a guy who sells coke. Because it's like, that's who I'd rather live next to. If, if I had to choose or if I didn't have a choice, it would be like, you know, it should be, people should be sentenced accordingly. Did did you ever look at when you moved to a new neighborhood, the federal sex offender registry? I check it all the time. It's unbelievable map. And you could just hover. You see who they are, what their crime is on, on probation.


And there's a lot What a tool. Yeah, They're everywhere. And there's a lot of 'em, man, I did it when I lived in Philly and there were, I was shocked. There was like a, there was a decent amount and I think they had 'em all in one house. They were all in like this one house, like four blocks away. And I, I don't know if they just like some landlord Structure. That might be my next play, you know? Free prison. What do you mean free? Like, you know, like, because the state, there's a demand. Where are you gonna put 'em when they come out? Right? Yeah. And maybe like, there's just, I don't know, like the greed makes me think about it. But like, if you could find a place for them to live, you're gonna have a, you know, you'll be able to rent the unit out every time. Oh, you're talking about like pedophiles specifically or just Prison?


Yeah, no, pedophiles. Pedophiles. You should, Yeah. There, there's, there's where, What are we gonna do with them? Where are we gonna put 'em? And the thing is, I, I don't know if it's an addiction. I wanna think it is, but like those guys should never come out. Ever. Yeah. They should have to. You should. Like I said, Ever, they Should be there. There's a documentary to watch where they, it's called Pervert Park. Right? It's, it's a really rough watch. But they, they have like a trailer park in Florida and they're just like gated community. It's like they just all live in here and people just fucking Oh, beer bottles over at, No. Okay. So they're contained then at least they know where they are. But dude, not like when, So I used to get housing for people when, when I went to school for social work, one of my jobs was to, oh yeah, get housing for prisoners.


So you get outta jail. I would, I would do a little interview and be like, Hey, you know, I'd have to get like, what is the nature of your crime? But it was like, it was just like selling drugs and stuff. And then the lady who ran it didn't tell me she had opened up to pedophiles. 'cause that was one of my, I would like, you know, the crap break the ice. 'cause I didn't like being like, Hey, what'd you go to jail for? So I'd be like, Hey, I have to ask you this, as long as you're not like a pedophile, whatever, don't worry. And, and they'd always be like, mother, the fucker, I'm gonna fucking p I'm like, ah. You know? And then one day the guy was like, well I actually am. And I was like, what? And then they were like, yeah. And I talked to my boss, I'm like, what the fuck? And she was like, yeah, I decided to start taking pedophiles. We had to find them housing too. And I was like, okay. But Like, what year? This was only like fi this would've been 20 19, 20 19, 20 18.


Around then my thing was like, I didn't want to, and I would call their probation officers. 'cause I would be like, I don't, isn't there laws, these guys can't be like, I can't like throw this guy into Best Buy. Like there's kids around there. No, there's the thousand feet or whatever. That's what I thought by school and all that. I think there is, that's What I thought it was, man. But this, this person, I would, that it was kinda like, you know, leading the thing. You know, as far as I remember, it was kind of like, no, no, no, they're fine. They have rights. And I like, I called the guy's probation officer. I'm like, this guy can't work here. Kenny, the probation officer was like, fuck no. And I was like, yeah, I didn't think so. So it was weird. I, I remember I ended up telling the lady, I was like, I, I don't, But don't ask, don't tell. We gotta get rid of him. I was like, Bro, I'm not sending this guy, you know, into apartment buildings. I don't know if, so it was a, I just told her like, I don't, you know, The stigma seems less now for ex-drug dealers.


It does. Those Guys. It pots legal. I mean, if you went to jail for weed Yeah. Like, is how could that even, I got those, I got those guys houses pretty easily. 'cause I would just cold call landlords and be like, Hey, I got this great deal six month upfront paid rent. And they'd be like, oh, what is it? What is it? And I'd be like, here's the catch. And then they'll go, oh, come on man. I'd be like, dude, they're not like fucking pedophiles. They're just, they just sold drugs. Like, come on, six months is paid up upfront. People pay their rent, who cares? And then, so they were cool about that. But once she's tried to have me find like the pedophile and I, I had to tell her like, look, I'm not the guy to help you guys Because now they're going, you, you don't, Not even, well not even. Yeah. Then you're gonna fuck up all these other guys housing. Right. And it's also like, like they, I remember the one dude would call me the, the guy who was on my caseload who had that kind of stuff. And he would just be like, Hey, I'm outside in my head.


Like, you know, I wouldn't even be there. And I'd be like, I don't give a fuck. He's like, it's raining. And I'd be like, tough. So I'm like, there's gotta be someone who can help that guy. So they do need help from somebody. But it was like, I'm not, I can't do it man. I just, I couldn't do it. Like, You just build like a, you know, a 600 unit spot. Like, and you just, they're all there. Where are they gonna go Dude? It's a weird thing to do. And they just kind of like hush the Yeah. And quietly tuck them in a neighborhood and like, Hey, you know, here's the guys here. And it's like, it's fucked up man. It's Really fucked up. And then when you do the real estate transaction, you gotta say, you know about the sex offender registry. Like you have to check that box. 'cause it's like no one, if someone moved into your neighborhood and it's tough were that it's gonna devalue everything.


Yep. It's That those guys have more time Because they never seem to be able to break free. No. And that's, it's Not like you sold LSD, you went to prison, you never sold it again. Exactly. Even If you did whatever. Well I did flood marrying with it. Did you one last time? What? How'd you do that? So yeah, you were in the sea. You're in the Sea mask. No, I did, I set it up. I don't, I don't want to say his name. Oh, I remember this. When you, 'cause you were pissed when you got, is that, was that correct? When got Out? I don't think I put it in the book, but maybe I put it in the book. I don't think it's 2015 I got out. No, that would've been after the statute of limitations. So I set it up. I set it up, I said to my friend, I said, listen, I don't know if I'm gonna do this, but if you get a letter that's like this from this place, this is where the L-S-D-O-B.


So I drove, I mean I was on Federal pro. All this shit's passed. Its five years statute limitations. The only way that they can extend it is if they ask a court and then they have to notify you. It's just all entertainment anyway, dude. So Right. And So I got it. I got the liquid, I, I put it on the paper. I wrote this letter with gloves on with my right left hand, you know, the envelope. And I drove, I actually drove past Marion way down south through Illinois and then into some that state That's right to the east. Either Tennessee or Kentucky. And then just went to a mailbox with a stamp and just put it in. So then it had that right.


Yeah. Thing. Right. And then he acknowledged it in a very, with a future letter. He didn't say Anything. Yeah. But then I never wrote him back again. That's cool guys. I had to do it as one act asked, act defiance. Like just, I had to do it. And the thing is like, they could have come to me and said, he said he got caught with it. You sent it. There was no fucking trace. I didn't have a cell phone. It's not like they knew I drove that. I didn't get pulled over. There was no like, there's no way. And it just got, it just ran right through there. That must have been Wild. Dude. The thing is like, I did a line of coke one time in prison and like smoking weed, it took, it was hard to get used to.


When James first got me stoned, I was crying in my bunk. 'cause it just, the horror of what, dude That must've, that must've been terrible being that high in jail Twice there was acid and I didn't take it, but one time this guy gave me this line of coke, ether base, just wicked. Just so high. But then coming down off that dude was like, not that you want, you wanted more, but you're like, I'm in fucking prison. Ugh dude. That's a hard fucking reality. What was it like? So they're taking acid? Yeah, Her herb got four or five hits each. His was 200 mics. And he asked me for like a week, not to push me, but he said, 'cause he's like, we're all gonna take this, but there's one for you.


And then he kept coming to the cha and saying, are you sure? 'cause he is like, I'll probably never get this again. And So I remember when they took it, they had a great time. But I just thought if I took that in jail, like eight or 10 hours of tripping in prison. I don't know man. I couldn't do it. I don't, I couldn't. I Have a friend who smoked K two in jail. Like the synthetic weed. Yep. And he said he fuck. And this guy, you know, this guy was doing, Isn't it just like weed? Yeah. But apparently it's like, it's like kind of harsh from what I've heard. It's like, it can be like, 'cause it's just a chemical. So like weed, the plant can only get so strong. But K two, oh they're spraying these synthetic cannabinoids. It, you know, it could be fucking, who knows. Exactly. So he said, and this guy, he had, you know, he had done like Tripping all The drugs you could possibly do.


And he was like, dude, fuck that shit. He said he was in there. He kept hearing people coming, checking on and it like, it wasn't happening. It was him and the dude in there just in terror the whole time. Did you like the way we made pipes? Yeah. Oh Yeah. It worked perfectly. And the thing is that if you blow the smoke out with another tube of bounce, you, you see smoke, But you cannot smell it. That's the, That was the old college. It's unbelievable. That's old college trick too. You gotta suck the whole hit down though. So there's no little smoke Left. There's no smoke. That was the, that was the college trick. You put the friz fabric, fabric softener sheet in a paper towel thing and blow it out because Pots so smells so strong in people that don't Yeah. Smoke it. Yeah. Smoking weed in jail does seem like a lot of trouble.


Seems like you'd have to be really kind of care. I guess you could go outside. Sparky took me out and we just kept hitting this joint. Kept hitting this joint during the move, right when I arrived and when I got back, I swear to God, I was like, I took 10 heads acid freaked out. I was so fucking stone like dude. And I'm like 151 months. I hadn't won an appeal. It was just this wickedness, It really set in That weed does that to you where like the reality of stuff sets You every day. It took me twice a day. And after about a week, it was like you Yeah. Four, Fuck it. You gotta do your time. Right. It's true. That's true. And then they taught me how to beat the piss test You drink? Oh Yeah, I read About that.


You drink a gallon of water and then the lieutenants give you two hours, hours. And because they can't just grab you and say pee, they say you got two hours to report to the lieutenant's office. You gotta drink a full gallon in 15 minutes. They taught me this. And then they said by the sixth or seven piss, they said, you wanna wait till seven if you can wait till eight. It's just pure water. Don't you get a dilute though? I I heard you. They had drug test. Now they can hit you with It was too diluted where They came. This was the nineties. Oh yeah. And the thing is, whenever they would take the, the, they'd take it, you'd go back to lieutenant's office, they would make it look like they're putting it in a mailer. But then they would always ask you, if you admit to us, you did, you did drugs, we'll give you, we'll only give you 30 days.


I mean I never would, but nothing ever came back dirty. That's right. Today the test might be different. Yeah, yeah. Like the, the whole whatever. But if you didn't piss, you would get it dirty then it's 90 days in the hole and you'd probably get transferred. Yeah, That sucks. Which is the fucking worst. And You also, if they, you know, even if it was diluted, you'd have the time because it'd have to get mailed out, ran through a lab and by then it's like, hey, I don't know. Did they do that in the nineties? The dilution? I've Just heard about it. I don't know. I was so young in the nineties. I, I was a, I was a wee boy. But the, I remember hearing about that move, like just slam a bunch of fucking water. But then it would, the test would come back as like inconclusive. 'cause it was just too diluted. I don't think. I think that eighth piss, because you're talking now maybe at 45, 50 minute mark, if you slam that, it looks like water.


It smells like water. Yeah. It's probably barely 98 degrees warm. No, it makes sense back then that they would've been, it would've been like, But today I think they probably could detect it. Yeah. Anything To do. I had to do a drug test when I was working for my dad. They, he does demolition. We were like working in like a on the hospital kind of, or was it a hospital? It was a school. It was a school. So they, like everyone had to get drug tested. So I remember what we had to do. We, you know, we had all day and it wasn't like you had somebody watching you. So we just had like, I filled up a latex glove of pee from somebody I knew and then you just keep a hand warmer on it. So it keeps it at like 98 degrees. How did you know he was clean? You just hoped? I just knew he was, he, I asked him, he didn't, I knew so he didn't smoke weed or do anything. So I was like, let me get pee in this glove for me or pee in a thing.


And then I just dumped it in a glove and it worked. Kept it on a hand warmer. But then I got there and my friend needed something too. Oh. So we had to split it and then we both, I didn't realize there was a minimum amount. So we both gave like that punch. Did they take it? Yeah. That's awesome. The nurse was cool. She was really, but they, they hit you with a temperature. That was a big thing. They temp check it, Make sure, because then they see if it's cold, it's 98.6. Exactly. So the hand warmers, I'd ask for hand warmers and like July, I was like, you guys have hand warmers back here? And they're like, yeah, but why? I was like, I don't know man. I just need 'em. I'm going somewhere. So, but yeah, that is, that's pretty crazy. So then that, that story too about Getting, what about the duffle bag? What About it? What do you think happened to it? What the duffle bag you got taken from you.


Didn't you get it? Did you get it back? Yeah. Yeah. That was the end of the book, man. You got the, that was it all came together. That guy. What the fuck? So that motherfucker, he probably felt Fucking Bad. He held, no, he, that lieutenant sent it to me after I got home from Mion. Which means he held it the whole whole time I was in Marion. What the hell was it? What was that about? Why did he give it back to you? It was the fuck you, You think that was his fuck you To you? A hundred percent. What? You don't think that was? I thought I took that as the guy who was like, had a nice moment where he was just like, yeah, lemme give this guy his bag back. No way. Why did He do that? Just to be a dickhead? I don't think So. I burned it in a 55 gallon drum that day. I had a ceremony to let it all go.


That's pretty. That's cool. That makes sense. I did. And maybe it was, I never thought that, I mean, I wasn't in a bad, it just struck me like this motherfucker sent it back. Now It is weird. Also, is it normal to keep, like how would he even get an alert that you were out? He was following it. He had to be. Yeah. That's kind of weird. Yeah. So like, but it represented so much. Yeah. I had to like the phoenix, like just let this go and I had a ceremony. That's pretty cool. Yeah. No one was there and I just like, this is going, This thing's outta here. That, that makes sense. Just, I don't regret it. But it would've been kind of cool to say, Hey, here's the green duffle bag. But No Man, I had to let it go.


I had to just get rid of it. It symbolized so much. Yeah. And just to move on, was That bad psychologically? What do you think? No, I think that's, you know, feel good doing that. Get rid of it just to, you know, that way you're, you're out. That's like a chapter that's totally done with. Yeah. And There there's something kind of cool and ceremonial about being like, All right, I'm done with this part of my life. I can let go. Especially if you think the guy was fucking with you. I'd be like, fuck you dude. Well I don't know that it shocked me though. Yeah. I'd be freaked out dude, that this came, it's shit was shocking. Yeah. That would've freaked me out. Like first of all I was like, dude, you're keeping Tabs on me staying, staying with my brother. Which the probation officer would've known. But like all my other stuff I had. Yeah. Like, 'cause the, when I left Mion, there's that stuff that got sent like this was maybe weeks or months later.


It just was weird. It is weird. And then the, the one thing I did want to ask you about, 'cause this is in the book as well. You got out and you started a pretty successful real estate Dude, I was so focused. I gotta come back. No, I was like by accident. The house. Yeah. There was a bust. They took the, they showed coke. I was going to my job. There's an arcane law that was like, you can make an unsolicited bid with the marshal service if they take, if they seize assets. And I knew all this from jail. Yeah, because you started up So I, I actually dated the Marshall. It helps a little. She probably would deny it. But, So I bought that house.


Yeah, yeah. Ibotta that house probably 18 months later for like 25,000. And then I just like felt like changing the design. My mom would always take me to these Frank Lloyd Wright homes. And so I just started doing it. And then some people helped me in the neighborhood. They saw sympathetic to the architecture, but I needed help like with the design and just people and contractors. And then that just started the evolution. And I was hyper-focused monster, just like going after it. Like not worried about a Rolex, but just loving what I do. And I was good at it. The best that I've ever been at anything probably in the world of commerce and making money that's legit paying taxes.


I mean, 2005 I paid 175,000 in federal tax. I mean, where the fuck did that money go man? A fucking tank tread. Like, god damn. But yeah, So that just focused me and I just would buy buildings, restore 'em or buy apartment buildings, restore 'em, rent them and sell 'em. That's cool. Yeah. And you and you got into like just kind of, I remember the book I Did address and everything I, and then my lake house I this massive lake estate S 1 0 9 W 3 5 1 9 0 Jacks Bay Road, Eagle, Wisconsin. 5 3 1 4 9. Dude, nice fucking unbelievable. Yeah, you had that spot was unbelievable. And You got hit with a subprime mortgage crisis.


Ah yeah man, I Was told That's wild dude. I was told not to. Yeah. Get that. Yeah. I mean I don't blame them. I was, I wanted to get the 3 million and then get 3 million in T-bills and then still what I did still do what I do. But that was my goal. And I had nine years at 1,000,010 Ibotta that Lake estate and two other houses, 64 29 North Santa Monica and 1525 North Marshall. And then just, it went man. And I paid all the mortgages till I had like 11,000 left. And then a bankruptcy lawyer came to me and said, if you file bankruptcy you could stay in that lake house for another 18 months.


And I said, dude, I'm giving the keys back like it's done. I'm not just gonna gonna stay. And I flew to Hawaii and I started to c take a farm. But that took me 10 years mentally. Like now, like you being on here, like that focus and drive. Like it's there. I have it, but I, I still do it today. And I have a little, not where I was, but I'm not driven like I was. And I wanna be. Right. I wanna be But You're still doing the properties. Yes. That's cool. Rehabbing and fixing up. Yep. Yeah, that was, I guess I'm an artist and buildings are my mediums. I'm not a contractor 'cause I can't do it for someone else. 'cause then it's their vision and I can't just do what I do with the people, you know. That's true.


So it gives, that's what I know. Like I can't, you know, like I'm not a painter or For sure. That's kind of like what the hand I was dealt. Yeah, no, that's pretty cool. And I love working out. I like working Out's. A physical, it's a nice physical job. Yeah. Yeah. So what is, so what is, what's the plan now? What are you up to now and what's your, what's your plan to do? Well You've, what was your whatcha gonna do? Well you've inspired me. I'm, I'm gonna do an audible in the book. I'm gonna do a second edition. I'm pretty sure I'm gonna keep the name. And then the whole social media thing is like all new to me. But like you can get paid for views. Yeah. Like you can go on a show and drink liquid death and show it and like, you're gonna get 10 fucking grand. Like I see it. I understand marketing.


Like, holy fuck man. You Know that liquid death money? Fuck yeah man, why not? Like, it's cool, the, the fame part is weird to me, but I guess like that's part of it. You know, like, So you gonna start a podcast or Something? I don't think I could compete. Right. But you, But you just wanna do the real estate. I would love to sell the book, the movie rights. I had started a Korean play. That would be really cool, you Know? Yeah. With the book. It was funny because you sold, you did what, 5,000 copies? Yes. Sold them. And now the only books are on Amazon. And I was like, people That's, I'm not, I'm not selling it for $200. Dude, those are other people. He looked up his book. Me and Nate were there. Nate Marshall were looking up for, He thought it was me. I was Like, damn, this guy's selling his books for fucking $200.


No, And that's all. They're secondhand sellers that because they sold all Your ones. Yeah. From the soft white underbelly. Yeah. It's like within a couple months I'm like, mark, what the fuck? People are selling my book for 250. He's like, yeah, that's part of the deal. You gotta print more, dude. I could print more and or do a second edition. 'cause what I wanna do is a chapter every other le every other a letter, every other chapter and then add Mion. I took a bunch of stuff out about Marian. Yeah. The book was, I, you know, I'm telling you the book was great. I couldn't stop reading it. So, But they, they do a feature film on a guy who invented the delay on a windshield wiper, $80 million. Like, they, they'll do it on anything. But I, the story, the not my story. I mean my story's there, but just the story of the history of Marian.


Yeah. And the, the drug laws and like the, the riots. Yeah. Like what the fuck man, That was cool. And it was fascinating me. It's crazy. After this many years, like you have me on this podcast, it makes it relevant again, like unfucking believable. Like how the fuck? Like you saw that show and you're like, I gotta get this guy. Like, yeah, what, what? And then I took 21 days to respond. I'm like, oh my god, this motherfucker's going to think not big deal. I'm like, what the fuck? Well, I, I didn't think it was crazy how you were in there and you were describing like the people, especially in Marion, like these guys would kill you. Like without hesitating. And you, you'd have to form friendships with these guys and hang with them.


Bruce Pierce And you knew Doc Holliday And the fact, yeah, the fact that you did tell The Big Mike, We didn't get I'll, I'll leave that in the book. But yeah, that is funny that you just completely beefed with the guards on that level and threatened them that you're gonna kill. Well, I thought about it on the plane coming here. There was a leader of the Ying brotherhood who's now in the A DX. Mikey, he never overtly, I thought danger of him, but I knew he was a wicked dude. Like you have like the big wolf. But like, he gave me a respect and it had to be, 'cause who the fuck would he, he also probably thought I was fucking idiot 'cause the guards could have killed me. But like, who would've ever said that?


Yeah, I'm gonna do you like Tommy Silverstein? Like what the fuck, man? Yeah, dude, that's pretty rough. That's insane. I mean, I'm not bragging. I'm like at all, like how could that have even come outta my mouth? It shows you the, I don't know, the naivety. I still have probably this day in some form, you Know? But no, that was, that was pretty sick. But Well dude, yeah man, fucking pump. Thank You for coming on. Thank You for having me. Perfect. Thanks bro. Thank You. See you man. Thank You.