
We're fired up. We're here. What's going on? Just Called a damning report. I'm sorry. The dog peed in your bed, bro. It's all good. It sucks. Your dog roommate. So have you leveraged that against your roommate? He hasn't woken up yet. Oh, I texted him. You sent him an icy text. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Your dog.dot. That is the kind of thing that would fucking rattle me, man. I like, I don't know, when a, when an animal doesn't respect you. Yeah. It's like, how do they know? Yeah. I, You know what I mean? I've, I've dropped beneath the human kingdom. I get no respect here. And now the, the animal kingdom is now also aggressively knocking me down a peg that does hurt. Yeah. And when there's like something primal about your weakness. Yeah. You've Maslow's pyramid.


You're like down, like below your sub, you're subbed the pyramid. You're like, dude, I haven't escaped from the animal kingdom yet. Yeah. This is crazy. I'll Never get human respect. Yeah. You're gonna have to aggress on your roommate. You Have to, you know what you have to do? I'm not gonna say it out loud, but fuck your, your roommate's bed's getting wet, dude. You gotta fucking take it back. Yeah. Yeah. Does the dog have a bed in the house? Yeah. Oh, you got piss on it? No, you gotta piss on your roommate's bed and your dog's bed. Yeah. You gotta shit in the dog's bed pissing your roommate's bed. Oh, I'm pissing storm capital. Burn the house down and all die and storm the capitol. People think the K shit's sweet of the capitol, dude. Like people are gonna run up in that motherfucker again, dude.


Yeah. Just Four, four years arrested on their laurels. Yeah. I, dude, yeah. Whatever. That's a's a touchy subject right now. Fucking capitol. I didn't give a fuck. And that happened. People were like, that was one of the darkest days. It's like, dude, I did not give a fuck. They were acting like it was the ID four aliens over the White House. It's like, bro. Yeah. No. Was I, I might, but you know, that'll get me sweating. It Was the last day of Woodstock 99. It Was, it was like Fucking Trump gave his like limp bizkit performance. Fucking people went Nuts, dude. Yeah, that was, that is exactly what happened.


He gave D something break. Yeah. Everyone had like, they had ran outta water. There was piss everywhere. It was the last day of the festival. It was 75 F FBI I agents re like, come on man. Let's fucking do it, bro. Yeah. Started raiding the at TM machines. Do, You, Know. There was a governor from Michigan, I think, who also was like planning to get abducted And. they looked into it. It was like 19 FBI agents. It was like two dudes and 19 FBI agents be like, Yo should totally abducted, abducted bitch. God damn. Just like, and it was like the height of covid. Yeah. So if I'm sitting in a barbecue and like an FBI agent, I didn't know. It was like in my air, being in the middle of covid be like, Yo, these masks are so fucking annoying. I'd be like, yeah dude.


It is bullshit. It is like Yo. We should fuck the governor up. I'd be like, yeah. Shit. What? You gotta figure in COD things are probably slow for the FBI too. True. You know what I mean? You're trying to figure out a way to like hold onto your job. Yeah. You gotta come up with a scheme. True. You, let's trick a guy to abduct a golf. Although crime was Rampant during Covid. Let's put 19 of us on that project. Let's Stay on salary for this. Yeah. And be like, yeah, fuck that lady. And it's like, bingo. We got him. Yeah. This guy wants to kill the fucking governor. This guy wants to shoot the governor And abductor. Yeah. I was all like, holy shit. I, because when Trump got nearly assassinated, they were like, we have members that suffered political violence. And I was like, all right, let's see 'em. Yeah. And it was like the governor almost got abducted. But the F fbi, I stopped it 'cause they were talking, Planning it too.


Were Planning. It was just so, and there was a journalist, a left-leaning journalist who was like, it's gonna be the coolest story ever. And then uncovered all the FBI people. And she's like, what's up with this? And everyone was like, no comment. Yeah. Yeah. And. they were just like, well this sucks. We thought we were gonna break this like huge story. And this was like, I think this was in like literally during Covid. But anyway, what's up bro? You gotta make your own luck, you know, in the FBI. True. That's true. Yeah. I mean, they are super cops, man. It's, I can stop a ton of terrorist attacks if I plan them. That's true. I can stop every single one. Yeah. And as soon as somebody's like, fucking fine, I'll bomb it. You go, Ooh. Turns out I'm in the FB Free scumbag. You'd Behead like six kids. You are like free scumbag.


I'm deep undercover. Another collar for aging. O'Connor. Yeah. Guys. Unstoppable. You mean committing mail fraud? Be like, nevermind that dude. Don't worry about that. Yeah. That I always hear about that. Like the CIA was selling drugs. It's like, I hope they were Yeah. I'd bullshit if they weren't. Yeah. What the fuck's the point of them? Yeah. Hey, I hope they're doing terror. Did you ever get into their role in Watergate? No. Apparently they had like a heavy hand in like, blaming people and like, just turning that in. Just using that to just completely take Nixon down. Although he was, he was recording people. But I'm reading the book right now from his, his top political aid. Charles Colson. Yeah. Was like, took the bro, like he took a lot of it. Him and like three other people had to go to jail.


Yeah. And. he, he swears in his bio in autobiography, he is like, dude, I swear to God I didn't know about the break-ins. I didn't know And. he, there's apparently record of the CIA being like, put it on Colson. 'cause people hated him anyway. 'cause he was on tape being like, I would run over my grandmom if it meant getting Nixon reelected. Yeah. And then they kind of like Ram, he He was like, I would say shit to my staff. Like, kidding. So he would like, he would like say stuff fucking with them And they would, Should break into Watergate. So Yeah. All of a sudden there's a team on it. That's gotta happen all the time. Yeah. You should break into Ellsberg's therapist. There was this guy Ellsberg, who was like a pain in the ass journalist. And like, if anyone stood against Nixon, they would honestly do anything. Like he would leak false stories to the press. Yeah. He, and this was like in the sixties.


They must be so much more sophisticated now. He come, he is out being like, dude, we did it all. Like, we would come up with shit, make up stories about like people's wives and just put it in like you would leak it to your press guy and dude, they would blow it up. And. he is like, dude, by the time it circulates, it can be total bullshit. But it's like the damage is already done. Yeah. You gotta think like unlimited budget, no oversight. Yeah. People are hatching plans all over The place. That was, that was like kind of the Watergate story where they just kind of, it was, it was, it got to the, the point where I think it's still, we're still in like Watergate enmity between like the two parties. Like there's probably 90 Watergates going on right now. Watergate was one thing. They broke in everything's Gate. Yeah. Everything's gated up, right? Yeah.


Piece of gate Watergate. Yeah. You gotta gate it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know man, I, that shit was wild because he, in the book, he's, you know, he's like, who he is an ex-Marine. He's all hoorah for the, he loves Nixon, dude. Yeah. Loves Nixon to death. Turns out Nixon was like secretly recording him the whole time. He's still like, I still love that Man so much. And, he becomes like a born again Christian. I Wished I always wanted to be in the ccia a Yeah. When I was a kid, when I was a little kid, I, I was like, I wanted them to turn me into like an emotionless deadly assassin. There's still time I wanted You can turn yourself into a lot, lot of people do the, do the self-starter on that. They're like, the C's not gonna pick me up. I will just become a cold mo or emotionless.


Assassin. I Knows. Like it's, I've already Take it to the streets. I I've already had to suffer through the, the living. You know what I mean? The thing with it being a kid was, it was like, there's too, it's too emotional. Yeah. And you're like, dude, I want someone to come in and make me a terminator. I hear what you're saying. You know what I just want to show Jason warn You. You don't wake up every day and be like, wait, what? Yeah. Shit. I gotta attack China secretly. Exactly. You know what I mean? Yeah. I hunger. No family, no one to be disappointed. Just y Yeah. Yeah. I hunger deeply for the Will Smith MIB scene where they're like, we've been watching you for a long time, dude. We've watched you jumped over a brick wall. We need you, dude. A hundred percent. You saw me, you saw me do that. Yeah. Just, I, I wanted the government to show up at my door so bad and be like, I know your test scores are shitty, but that's just cool as bullshit.


Like high stuff. And you're a great athlete and you're a genius. And your nation needs you. Your parents are wrong about you. You're actually a really good boy. You're actually a very good boy. The girls love you too. We've been studying the girls And. they love you. You're gonna get so many chicks once you, You get so much pussy. Dude. Dude. Just wait till high school. You'll re like junior year, you're gonna get a ton of pussy. Dude. Eighth grade's Bullshit. Dude. That was, that was the sickest thing ever. That one guy. Remember that there was that documentary about the lady who owned like the vegan restaurant in New York City. And she met, I do Vaguely Remember that she met this guy Yes. Who just kept pretending he was in the ccia.


Yeah. And would be like, I'm stranded in Turkey or something. You me. 50,000 right now. Don't tell anyone. No. Ask no questions. And she would do it. I made a fortune. Yeah. I mean, does that does seem like something that would particularly affect vegans. I don't know why. For some reason my boyfriend's this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Every vegan secretly wants a military. Yeah. Military. A lot of lib babes secretly want a conservative beast of a husband. Of course. It's really weird. I've seen it before. Of course. Yeah. They secretly, they secretly like, my boyfriend hates this stuff. It's like, dude, you fucking love it, dude. I know. They all secretly want to be just dumb. True.


True. They wanna be conservatively, Which is, yeah. Terrible. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. I don't know. I can't, I can't get into that zone. I don't have the, I feel like it's like a bad thing. I always start relationships off in a very, like a bad bargaining position. You know what I mean? So like, I, I write off, I Jump, I'm, I'm like, I want you to like achieve your dreams and goals. You know, which is like, I do want that. But you can't start there. You have to start like, your life doesn't matter. True. Just so they like, they like, so then you winding up where you really are looks like growth. True. Otherwise you just set the bar high and slowly disappointed. Yeah. Yeah. You set the bar low and you slowly be like, you know, you know what, actually I've had a Yeah, I think there's like, that's like the beauty and the beast thing where it's like they want you to be like, that's what I've heard.


Yeah. Animal just Be like, yeah, fuck that. I'm like, fucking kick your ass. And then like, you know what? I wish you'd follow your dreams. Oh dude. Yeah. A hundred percent. I've been reading a lot of like I've Yeah. Like Carl Young stuff. Yeah. Beauty and the Beast is heavy in there. Those dudes are battling your animus. Yeah, Dude. Oh yeah. Those dudes used to go like scorched dearth on the Babes. They, those guys from like the 1920s would go like nuts on the Babes. Yeah. Dude. Schopenhauer. Yeah. That guy went wild on the Babes. He A Pianist. No Choppa sounds, It is philosopher show. He was, He was like the ultimate nihilist philosopher. But he has a chapter on Babes and it's pretty brutal. Yeah. What is he saying?


He was saying like, dudes all kind of get along unless they're in the same profession and then they kind of like start to have a little animosity based on like, 'cause they're like going kind of for the same thing. Yeah. He's like, women all fight 'cause they're in, this is according to Chauvin or not me. So they're all essentially, no matter what they do, they're in the same profession, which is taking down high target alpha males. So they'll always be fighting. 'cause they're, their primary profession is if trade their sex for A high target alpha male, A high target alpha male dude. He was, he was pilled dude in like 18, 12. It's True. He was like at their sexual marketplace Value only declined once they turned 34. And It is, but he went hard on the Babes And. he was just like, dude, this is, because I think when he was, I guess they like introduced like lady.


I mean, I guess there was always, I guess ladies, I don't know. There was always like princesses and stuff, but I guess ladies were relatively new. I could be wrong on that. What Do you mean? Ladies? Were ladies. Like, There was like gentlemen I think before they'd be like gentlemen. And then they became, they'd be like, ladies and gentlemen, it became like how they do a thing. Like, and, and girls. Yeah. You know, they'd be like, you know, and a lot of, and and girls and stuff. How they, I think they rolled that out with like, aristocrats originally were just lords. And then there was a la but I guess there was always male lady. I Don't know. It was always male lady He was like, he was again time memorial ladies who had been ripping dude's lives apart. Like all the old, all the old stories were like, everything was going great. And then I saw the hottest chick ever. And I went and I kissed her and then she turned into a monster.


Hate me Was like, dude, what? Your whole family was like, you would have to cut guys' heads off. You're all living in the woods and you like cut guys' heads off like trap wolves and get oxen. And you had to do that for like six generations. You, you'd build, building a house was no small feat. Like a, like a good house in the medieval times. And yeah. If you just like spazzed on the pussy, you could take down 600 years of just like the most gut wrenching work. Oh my God. Yeah. 50% of child die. The children dying and childbirth. Yeah. Dudes just catching diseases. Leprosy. And then a dude just spazz on the pussy in the whole fucking house. The village would be in flames and you'd be like, Oh shit. Yeah. I can't imagine. Yeah. It's the, But that, that was, that was Schopenhauer.


Schopenhauer was he, he just for like, his thing was that there shouldn't be ladies. There should just be lords And. he, he did say, Lord should out of mercy. It was a wild take. He goes outta mercy for like ladies, women, ladies especially. He is like, You should take like five wives. He's like, there shouldn't be old spinsters. He was, he was back then he was on a thing being like, yeah, women aren't all this independence. They're gonna end up alone in a house with no kids. I don't know though. Dude, once, once the, once the dudes start taking five ladies, the other dudes rise up. Yeah, true. You can't, it's Yeah. Once a guy starts taking five ladies off with their heads, dude, That is a perilous thing. Yeah. But he was his whole thing, He was like, the ladies are gonna waste. He Was like, all these ladies are going bad. Dude.


That was his Position. He was like, the ladies are going waste. Yeah. He was like, if you had the resource, he was basically, You should adopt a lady. Yeah. You'd have your wife. He'd be like, I'll adopt like three ladies and just kind of keep 'em in the fold. It's It is a wild take dude. It's Classic dude thinking. That's It is, it was classic. He was like boys rule. You could, you could sum up his therapy. Boys rule, Girls rule. Like, dude, it was crazy. 'cause he like, I'm doing a service for civilization by taking many wives. Yeah. Is every leader's argument was, well The weird thing was he was a cat guy. He like just lived alone with cats. Oh yeah. He, He had like a weird life where He was like a total recluse. And I think he, I forget who it was. He was like a, he finally got his due.


Like, people were like, whatever. He wrote this gigantic book, I forget what it was called. It was like the Will and whatever. And he fi like, people are like, yeah, whatever. This book sucks. It's 10 million pages. Nobody gives a fuck. Dude. That's, and all they did is wrote impenetrable books. Dude, you can't, he even says in the Intro, I tried to read it and it was just like, What the Fuck. What he, it was just like, dude, I wrote this book on purpose. You need to read it 10 times. The only most serious dude He was like, dude, go fuck yourself man. Oh dude, that. But then he wrote a saying, He was like, fuck, nobody likes my book. So he wrote a saying, a book of like aphorisms, like quick little witty sayings that blew up. So they let him teach. And then I think when he was at, I don't remember which other famous philosopher was at the college he went to, but it was for real like Spinoza, some like guy you hear and you're like, What the Fuck.


So he went to teach and everyone just liked this other super famous philosopher And. He took his class. So he ended up like a, a catman. He just like lived with his cat alone. He was like, girls fucking suck dude. Yeah, yeah. He got Pilled. He was totally pilled. He might've invented the pill, The red Pill. The girl, the red pill might Red pill. I think originally everyone was red pilled. Yeah. You slowly get slowly absolute start going like, I don't know, maybe there's another way. Yeah. That might have actually been the desert Hebrews who invented the red pill. Yeah. Those dudes used to lock babes up during their period. It's like, Yeah, there's probably another guy taking five wives. And they're like, I could never be that pilled. So I gotta take an alternate route. I'm gonna start listening. Yeah. True.


Yeah. I think that That was the move back then is is writing stuff intentionally that no one could read just to tell people to go fuck themselves. Yeah. Half of It's even young. Half of it's in fucking Latin. You're like, dude, why, why the paragraph in Latin homes? Yeah. Chill. Fucking because that was the move dude. That was, that's crazy. Newton pulled like that, the baddest ass move ever. Which is like, first of all, he invented calculus and didn't tell anyone for like 25 years. Did he do that? Yeah. Yeah. Why'd he do that? Yeah. 'cause he just, he had like a, his own problem he needed to solve. So he just like invented a math to fix it. That's crazy. And then he, when he wrote like pre Kpia, apparently he wrote it so difficult to read intentionally So that no one would ask him questions about it.


He was like fucking asshole. He was like, I only Want people smart enough to already understand this, to read this. I don't want anyone asking me about it. Go fuck yourself. I Think Newton was one of the guys who he would like chill in coffee shops with three other. 'cause there was a dude claiming Newton. Wasn't Newton the one who came out and he said something about the sun, or it wasn't, it wasn't Pronos was the guy who was like the sun, the the earth revolves around the sun. And then Newton had another like huge outer space finding that. I think he like, Yeah, that was like another, I forget what He had. He had a big one. And then people were like, dude, shut the fuck up. And. he would go in coffee shops and argue like about like, like Mercury to people. He'd be like, dude, you don't know fucking shit about Mercury.


There Was, there was something where like these guys were trying to figure out some problem about like the motion of the plants. That's What it was. It was like how? Yeah, exactly. It was that And, and a guy showed up that like one, it was like some guy from like the Royal Institute or something was like, Yo, can you solve this problem? We're trying to figure out like how these things move. And He was like, oh, I Did that. Yeah. That's What And they were like, they were like, well, where Do you have the math? He was like, I, I like threw it away. I think He was like, What The Fuck And. he Goes, I'll redo it, I'll redo it, I'll redo it. It was something Crazy like, how fast you star spin And? he is like, yeah, I already figured that out. It is like, yeah.


Wait, what? Dude, yeah, I Did that. He literally was like, I did that a couple years ago. I Threw it out. That's Old shit. It's crazy to be sitting in your house and just be like, yep, that's how outer space works. I invented math to figure that out. It is like, dude, go fuck yourself. I might have killed that guy. Like, I'm gonna kill you, dude. You can't be doing it. Yeah. That was, that's crazy. Newton was wild. And. he would sit in, there's that book, the Five Beverages that Changed the World. And, they talk about coffee. How back then coffee came out and it was like, it was seen as like just genius fuel. Yeah. Like if you were like a slovenly peasant, you would drink pints of like ale every day. 'cause it you didn't, you couldn't get like clean water like that. Yeah. So then dudes were like, fuck alcohol. And. they started drinking like 12 cups of coffee a day and just being in a coffee shop being like, ah, and just ripping about the solar system.


Yeah. I mean, because you, if you had to, if you have to boil water just to drink it, What's the Point? Yeah. You might as well put some fucking flavor in it. Yeah. Well just drink beer. Beer. I think they said like the alcohol sterilized. Right? So it was like, you would wake up in the morning and crush like a 12, like a 12 pack you 12 ounces of beer and like some eggs and be like, I'm gonna go work on it. I've Been there, I've been there. When you wake Up, you're worried about your water. You wake up hung Over and the only cold drink is beer. And You are like, oh, fuck it. I'll throw one back. You Forced my hand. Yeah. Yeah. I've been slamming the nas. I Heard Shane was telling me, dude, chugging Nas I was dying to get into that. So what, like he was saying, you, I, they have a little bit of alcohol, don't they?


Depends which one you get. But they, yeah, they have like 0.5%. I think I wanna see Them become like weed where like the Nas become so strongly. These are the Nas I had. You drank one. You're having like a panic attack dude. They're amazed being it. They're amazing. So what is, what is so good about them? It's tricking yourself. Ah, I see. Yeah. Do you catch like a relapse? I Feel like I'm, I'm like misbehaving when I drink 'em. Really? Even that it's, even though they're like, yeah, I mean, I can understand a decaf coffee so I can understand. Yeah, But the The what can you do? You slam 'em like at all hours. Like a wild man. You do 'em while you drive. Yeah. That what? Eggs and Drive. Yeah.


What I've started to, I've Started to crack an and drive. Yeah. This is rigged. This is right to the F fbi. I, dude, you've walked right into my trap. I Want them to pull me over and be like, nah man, nothing in, in here it. And be like, Smash the bottle. Yeah. Fuck you. No, I'll crack him at, at 10:00 AM 11:00 AM Yeah's, While it almost seems like you're in like a dormancy period, it's just gonna flip the switch and there's gonna be cold activated Total Rockies. Like, I've been trading for this for six years. Dude, I It. is It, it has like, I don't know. I'm a little bit worried about it because it, the tricking myself is working so well that like, I'm starting to see the power of like self delusion.


You know? It's good. I don't know. Need it. It's so dangerous. What, what are worried about being diluted on? I don't know. I was, I was watching, I was watching that like wide receivers documentary and George Kittle was like giving him a bunch himself, like a bunch of positive self-talk. And I was like, that looks like it works. It does, dude. I know. But It's otherwise You are, it feels dangerous Giving yourself positive self-talk. Yeah. That's your negative self holding you back. Dude, I've, that's What I feel. It's like if I, if if I were ever to be like truly successful, I would want to do it through negative self-talk. No. There's a right way and a wrong way to do it. And it's like You wanna whip yourself.


Yeah. You wanna crack the whip On yourself Yeah. To the promised land. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. The idea of being like, you can do this. Not you can do this. You're going to do This. It's scary. I know what you mean. It is, it's like, it's terrifying. Yeah. You start, it's a slippery slope. Yeah. 'cause it works so well. Yeah, dude, You'll never stop if you're truly Yeah, I know exactly what we're talking about. You're talking like double bracelets and be like, it's all good, man. Yeah, everything's good. Exactly. It's like, yeah. I, I would love to do that. But yeah, it's tough. It's, Although I've been researching if s you need Some of it. What's IFS internal family systems. And. they like, it's a whole psychological theory that, and I don't, again, I don't, I obviously don't know it like, you know, top to bottom.


But the idea is you do have a, you you're just a, a collection of sub personalities. It's like there's no coherence really. Yeah. You're just, you have the part of you that wants to lose weight. You have the part of you that absolutely cannot help. Yeah. But like, crush any food that's in front of you. Yep. All that stuff. You have the part with drinking. You have the party that doesn't wanna drink. Part of you, that doesn't wanna smoke weed. Then the part of you that just like sees of vape pen It is like, yeah, I, for no reason at 10:00 AM It's like, now I've ruined my whole day. Well dude, that is the, that's like the, the fascinating thing about reading that like the young stuff Carl Young. 'cause like the book is like not arguments for why it's Right. What book are you Reading? It was, I think it was a, it was like a collection that Carl Young put together with like students of his That was like, oh, It was supposed to be make it like a more accessible than his, like other Words, A man in his images or the sim symbols or man in symbols or something.


Symbols. Yeah. It's like that Big textbook looking thing. Yeah. I got on the Kindle. So it's, That's what's up. Yeah. Yeah. There's a good book called The Symbolic Quest that breaks down youngie and stuff. It, a lot of It is, it does, like you're saying, you're kind of like, It's not making arguments for why it's Right. But It is like, it's a series of fucking locker room speeches about like battling your inner self. Yeah. That gets you so jacked up, You know, young lost his mind for a while. I don't doubt it. He went Crazy. Yeah. He has the red book where he like, for real just lost his mind and started writing about like, demons and like people. He, dude, this is where the if FS stuff gets crazy. So, so there's like, so there's all these sub personalities.


There's some of you that's like, been exiled due to like, painful experiences that just gets pushed to your subconscious. Then there's protectors, which is like, if there, if something comes up, you'll initially launch into like, whoa. Like a protective like, dude, I, I, and it's funny because I was just reading about this well before I get into that. And then there's a thing called the self And. they say the self is the center force of your personality, which is just always confident, creative. They use like six C's and it's like the exact thing of like, it's all good, bro. Yeah. And then that, that needs to be exposed to all these sub personalities. 'cause they run the show. They, they just, they're, they It is like a, like a fleece circus. Yeah. But I'm like reading about this and I'm like, okay, cool enough. And then I, I was at the pool recently with my kids and my kids are good at, they're good at swimming for how young they are.


Like, Maya can actually like swim in the deep end. Yeah. Chloe jumps in like the baby pool. But she does this and we've like made 'em swim so much. And then she does this thing. 'cause I'm like terrified of how, you know, I like, don't pay attention to anything. So I'm like, you guys better fend for your fucking selves. I might zone out for a second. I might zone out. I might be blasted off the vape pen due to my god, small sub personality that hasn't been exposed herself yet. So protect Her, Protecting myself. And the, The Chloe can do this thing where she, she like jumps into the baby pool, lays like flat and then kind of like pops outta the water and stands up. So, and she's two. And there was like a, a kid there who was three and the kid was with their grandma. And the kid couldn't like, get his head up outta the water.


And, and I, all I asked was like, how old's the kid? And she was like, he's three. And I was like, oh, that's cool. And like, I watched this lady just go, 'cause I was like, oh, my daughter's two. And I wasn't trying to like do like kid for like, flex. It was not flexing. I thought they were the same age. That's why I asked her like, oh, maybe they can play and like it dude. And she was like a sweet lady and something came over her where she was like, he doesn't get exposed to the water. That, and there's this part of her personality came up that was like, not good enough. And it just launched into this thing of like, dude, well actually, like, he's not exposed to water that much. And I was like, dude, it's, I was like, he's doing great, man. I'm like, it's not, you know. But that happens with everything. It's like when, especially when you have kids. Yeah. 'cause then it's just like, you're fuck. I fucked up and it becomes like on the spot. Like, that kid's doing it. My kid can't dude. It becomes an arms race man.


Well, all the like, I feel like all the, like, I feel like the adult psychology world has like exploded with like, all kinds of advice. You know, it's like everything else. There's like, you go scroll through Instagram and there's like the 10 million different diets and fucking approaches to life. Yeah. It's like, that's like multiplied. I feel like tenfold for, for kids. Oh yeah. And it's just like every parent I know is like, yeah. If they're not walking in the next three weeks, it's like we're way behind. They Fucked. They're not behind them anything. They're gonna Walk. I know. Or they're not. Or they're not dude. And then they'll be a genius. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I Dude in the chair. Yeah. Parents Freak about it, man.


It's like walking, talking and like, my kids just didn't get teeth, which was like, they didn't get teeth forever. They looked insane. They walked early and kind of talked. They'd have no teeth. And they'd be like, eh, Or Have like few teeth. What, How, what's that about? No teeth. Every kid, like every kid does picks things up. Like my Yeah. Oldest walked kind of early, but then didn't talk a lot until she was like two and a half. And then our, our younger kid walked a little later, but she been, she's been talking like a weirdo for like, pretty young. They're all just different. Yeah. But yeah, I don't, dude, I, that's my number one thing I'm against when parents get all freaked out about like, putting their kid on like the super whatchamacallit escalator for like, they gotta be doing this, gotta be doing this.


It's like, dude fucking relax man. Yeah. You're gonna make, they're Crazy. I didn't do shit when I was younger. No. I just Was outside. No, I was Outside, bro. Yeah. Nobody told me I was So outside when I was a kid. Dude. I was in, dude. It is insane, man. I I've heard of shit. Like, kids want like, like, oh, there's like a Mandarin immersion. It's like, bro, relax man. Dude, I feel like most of my child fucking chill. Whatcha trying to do though? Yeah. I feel like most of my childhood memories are like me in some kid's backyard, like six or seven houses away and my mom like pulling up and screeching the tires. Like What, the Fuck. Have you been for like two days? It is like baseball pictures that need to be taken.


It's, yeah. Yeah. I, I I, I like specifically remember like just being against a chain link fence when I was little and just fucking like in a backyard. Yeah. And just like looking at a kid's toy and being like, fuck Yeah. I want that so bad. And It is like, yeah. I then like blackout three years later and I'm just in school. Like, What the Fuck Is this. Oh man. Yeah. I don't think the kids need it like that, dude. No, it's insane to like, hit 'em with like an executive programming at fucking four or five. Yeah. It's like, dude, let them Chill. And now everyone like, like to combat that too. My brother was telling me that like, everyone just holds their kids back. Really? Yeah. Like in school and in sports. Like, That makes sense.


It's like your 4-year-old kid is playing some fucking 7-year-old 'cause he's like Yeah, the parents are like Holding him back. Holding him back so they can just dominate younger kids for the like Yeah. So they graduate high school school in like 22. Ah. And they've just been Soldiers Above everyone their whole life have a full-time job. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, What? That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. It is so, it's so unnecessary, man. I I, it's, it makes me sad to be like, damn, dude. Just let them be like, you're also like, you want your kid to be bilingual and believe in Santa Claus. Yeah. It's like, let's follow, let's drop the Santa Claus. If you're thinking about a kid as a rocket ship, let's drop the Santa Claus fuel tank and then work on, you know, becoming a polyglot or whatever.


Right, right. It's crazy, Man. Yeah. Yeah. Your brain's more receptive to languages between the years two and five. It's like, because you can't Speak any of 'em. Yeah. Gibberish. It's Probably true, but it's also like, I don't know, dude, I, I picked up Spanish. All right. Yeah. Especially If you're not good at languages. If you study it. Like, dude, I studied piano when I was younger. Dropped it right away. I was like, all right. Yeah. Fuck it. I'm not doing this anymore. Well, I didn't Do you have like, musical people in your house or your parents' musical at all? No, but my whole family's pretty musical. My dad's side's very musical. Yeah. Where it's like, everyone can play piano. Oh. So my, my family's not at all. So you just got no exposure to it, You know what I mean? Yeah. My, my dad was, my dad would like pick up my brother's guitar And. he could play like two chords and we'd always just kind of like, he would play the same song over and over.


And. he pulled it on his knee awkwardly. Yeah. My brother Kevin is like, I mean, I'd almost say virtuoso level. Like, he's good. He's very, very good. That's huge. He older brother. Yeah. Yeah. See that's, Yeah. And I had a trickle down on me. And like any, like me and my other, we can all like strum some chords. My brother's at the top, I think. Yeah. Billy's gunning for my spot right now. Second, second place. Fucking on the strings. But really, Billy's been practicing a lot. How Often do you play? I have, like, I have it in my office. I'll pick it up. If I have downtime, I'll pick it up every day and fuck around. But right now my AIM's on piano. I'm just on piano right now. A piano is sick. So fucking tight. Dude. It's Really, I chickened out. I was at a thing the other day, And, they had a piano there. Like they were filming something. I like just pussy played like a little something like walked away real quick.


Like, Yeah, dude, I can't, I can't even ha like, dude, when we were playing, that was dude, dude. When we were playing, dude, I tried to Recreate that with my younger, like very young cousin. I was like, you do the dun. I was playing it. I kept fucking it up. And I was like, ah, Dude, I can't, I couldn't handle it, dude. What we shredded. I know, I know. But it takes the, the level of concentration it takes for me just to play those chords. Yeah. So. that once you, when you're riffing over it, it's like, that's sick. And then once you come back in with me playing the chords, I like my, my body. I like, I'm like, oh my God, dude. Just For, for reference. It's that song. S is that what that it's called Chop. I think It is chopsticks. Dude.


I was trying to, I'm trying to like teach my daughters. I'm like, please learn how to fucking do this so I can solo over this. Yeah. I how learn different scales. Yeah. I'm like, this is so tight. And then I fucked it up, man. I actually blew it. My wife was like, I'll record it. And I was like, ah. And I just fucked it up. I was like, Dude, I, the idea of improvising musically is just my mind cracks my mind. Yeah. Because I mean, I think you even said it where you're just like, no, if you play any of these notes in this key, yeah. You'll be Good. And then if you learned, like, I don, if you go up and down the scale, it'll sound robotic. But if you like da, hit a couple notes, jump to another one and then kind of go back. You can get the feel for it. And dude, it's for real. It's like coming. It really, if you're like making it sound good, you're just like, oh my God. It's the, it's honestly one of the best things in the world.


It has to be. I don't think I, I, yeah. I don't, I, yeah. It would take me a lot of doing it to actually be able to, yeah. Not come when I was doing it. I think, dude, I think dude, if I ever soloed a little bit and then like came back in, I, I'd like, I'd cream hard. You Might smash a guitar. That's why you smashing a guitar. I just go. It's crazy. I mean, It is like, It is universally, it taps into like literally something universal and people are like, oh yeah. It hits him with a good feel. Yeah. Music's really weird. Yeah. It does feel, Get the study of music. It's the weirdest shit in the world. It's just a pattern inherent. Yeah. Like, Dude, he figured out calculus. Like the universe is laid out a parent according to like these wild mathematical laws that produce music.


It's like, fucking love that shit. That's, I always feel bad for the guys that are trying to connect, like, the two different types of physics. Oh, trying to find the grand unified theory. Yeah. Yeah. And it's just like, I do feel bad for them too. I, I'm, I'm kind of on the other side where I'm like, hurried up What, the Fuck. Are you guys doing? Yeah. We got all these nerds and all this money. Dude, we haven't connected the two brand. Maybe they're not supposed to be connected. Dude, I don't wanna look, I don't wanna tell these nerds how to do their job, but it's like, maybe you guys are barking up the wrong tree. Yeah. I've hear a lot of people complaining that it's like, we don't care enough. What? Yeah. Don't tell me that. Yeah. Yeah. That it's just like, because people are like, how come when there was all these discoveries and like, over the course of like a hundred years and then, well, I Think 'cause people were way dumber too, so you could say anything and they'd be like, yeah, that makes sense.


Yeah. But I guess it still applies to physics. Nobody else But like an insight. Like insight. Like Einstein's, they're like, how come, how come that happen? I've heard trash SI heard people, I heard people be like, E equals mc square. Yeah. Right. Dude, I just believe him. I go, yeah, dude, fuck that. Yeah. Yeah. What A bitch. No. Yeah. Einstein was definitely, well, he rejected quantum physics for a long time. He did. Yeah. And then I, I don't know, there's all that death Talk. He ended his career in like disgrace. It was crazy. I know. He was like, yeah. It was all that talk about like, Einstein was actually really fucking like pissed off when he died. Yeah. It was the other guy. Quantum physics stuff. Pissed Him off. It pissed him off. And, he couldn't disprove it. It is, it's angering. Yeah. It is Quantum. Quantum physics is infuriating.


I, I don't know anything about it. I love it. I love the fact that things would be basically like, woo. And you look at it and it goes Yeah. It's like, yeah, I kind of knew that honestly. Yeah. But It was like, what was the other stuff? Where's it coming from? It stays in the quantum field and as soon as consciousness hit it, it becomes in the particle of reality. Yeah. But Or you don't think it's alternate universes. Well, the alternate universe would just be the universe. There's no such thing. If there's alternate universes, they would be just Part part of the universe. Yeah. It's the Universe. But I get what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. Where it's just like, it's another you interfering with you. I mean, brother. Yes. I totally believe it. Infinite you interfering with they Reach the wormhole every now and again and just jerk me off. I don't wanna I didn't wanna do this.


Get outta my hotel room. I saw, I did. There was a, there was like a couple weeks where I did try to use that to motivate myself. You need to, I need to beat the other me. Yeah. That's Pretty cool. Yeah. Oh yeah. You read fucking Dark Matter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, how good was that book? That book is amazing. Great. Recommend dude. I fucking love that. I wanna watch it. Yeah. I was, What did they make a movie of it? It's on Apple tv, I think. Really? I think it's a series on Apple tv. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. I'm actually, yeah, I was laugh. I was talking about that recently. I was making me laugh when He was like smashing his other world wife. Yeah. And his other timeline wife was like, What the Fuck And. he is like, What the Fuck. You fucked my other. He's like, I didn't know those And. he is like, well, I did.


So, yeah. Yeah. What was I supposed to do? I don't think that's, I think if you're in the, if you enter like into some like super position multi-dimensional thing, you can, you have the right to all your wives in those. I don't wanna start a fight with my wife over this, but I almost wanna tell her like, bro, if I get in a super position somehow Yeah. I'm taking you down across All. Yeah. I'm gonna fuck all the D dimensions. Yeah. I'm gonna smash you across all the dimensions. I'm gonna fuck you in another universe. For sure. I might smash myself. I Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think, I think No judging, Just to see what happens to you. See what's good. Yeah. Yeah. How would I react to something like this? Yeah. And you can get fucked without being fucked.


Oh. That because You're fucking yourself. But You wouldn't know. I guess you could be like, Yo, how's it feel, brother? Yeah. Yeah. And he'd be like, I fucking hate this. A quick Survey. I knew it. You can prove you're not yet, you can fuck yourself in the quantum super position and be like, yeah dude. I totally hated it. I beat my ass. I turned around. I was like, Yo, What the Fuck dude. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't want to do this. How is it not masturbating? Yeah. I mean, it would be, that would be the ultimate fab sesh. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, people are gonna not like hearing about travel. Travel another dimension to take yourself down. It'd be so funny. You just see Hitler and you're like, I'm gonna fuck myself. I'll get Yeah. You gotta find, find me. Yeah.


I got, I got woken up last night in an absolute panic. I. just, I haven't had one of those nights in forever. You wake up and you have like 6 million different things and you're like, oh fuck. And I, like, I lay down and I, I dude, I, I, I, I can't talk about it. It's a It is a thing. It's like a, a project I was working on, but I laughed. It might be the stupidest idea. I'll tell you afterwards. It might be the stupidest fucking idea I've ever came across. And I, I wouldn't, I couldn't, I had to like leave the room 'cause I was laughing and go sit on. I was like laying on my couch naked. Just being like, this is the dumbest fucking thing. It has to do with, It was a project that you, That you started It is started, or it's a writing thing I had an idea for and then it like, I had this flat that almost made me thought I was having a psychotic break.


It was that stupid. And I couldn't stop laughing at it. And I had to like, leave my room. Yeah. Slam my couch naked and just be like, That would be fucking funny.


This brought to you by True Classic. True Classic is designed to accentuate your best features. True Classic shirts are tailored for a perfect fit, snug in the arms and chest with just the right amount of room in the midsection. A lot of people saying, I'm on TRT Not true. I'm on TC True Classic. They make you look jacked. True Classic sells premium products. And at affordable price, you can get their bestselling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more in three, six, and nine packs. True classics activewear becomes essential for workouts and vacations alike. Their activewear crew necks offer moisture, wicking, quick dry and odor control. Pair them with their super soft, stretchy joggers for all day comfort. Right now you can unlock big savings when you bundle items site wide. Just go to my exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash mssp to save. That's True Classic dot com slash mssp. And discover the perfect blend of summer vibes and timeless elegance with True Classic. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today.


Our next sponsor needs no introduction. You've seen the ads, you've heard us talk about it a million times. I bet there's a part of you, pun intended, that wants to try it. What am I talking about, blue Chew. That's right. This isn't your grandpa's blue pill. Those were men for your grandpa. They didn't have those. This is the one, the OG chewable tablet for Better Sex. Blue Chew is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But at a fraction of the cost and in a chewable form, the process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. To be fair, I've never taken Blue Chew. My dick gets hard as hell, but I know a lot of guys that take it. Blue Chew tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead and be ready whenever an opportunity arises. Blue Chew wants you to have better sex. Discover your options@bluechew.com. Blue Chew wants the entire country rock hard. They told me that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house till every 10 is pitched till every rod is raised. Discover your options@bluechew.com and we've got a special deal for our listeners, Try BlueChew FREE, when you use our promo code DRENCHED at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's blue chew.com promo code drenched to receive your first month free. Visit bluetooth.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.


Tired of mystery pointing on a menu in a different country only to be served. Yep. Snails, why not actually speak the language in order what you want? That's where Babel comes in. Babel's 10 minute lessons are quick and handcrafted by over 200 language experts ready to get you talking your new language in three weeks. Because talking is the key to really knowing any language. Babel's tips and tools are grounded in the real life stuff you'll actually need. Everything is focused on conversation. So you'll be ready to talk wherever you go. I love it. I gotta start doing Babel again. I've slacked on it, but I'm gonna start doing my daughter or having my daughter do Babel. See if I can teach her Spanish. 'cause everyone wants kids to learn 10 languages Studies from Yale, Michigan State University and others continue to prove Babel is better. One study found that using Babel for 15 hours is equivalent to a full semester at college. Babel has over 16 million subscriptions sold. Plus all of Babel's 14 award-winning language courses are backed by their 20 day money back guarantee. Here's a special limited time offer for our listeners right now. Get up to 60% off your babbel subscription, but only for our listeners at babel.com/drenched. Get up to 60% off babel.com/drenched. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/drenched. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Yeah. Also go to matt tki.com for tickets. I'll be in Portland, Oregon and a bunch of other places. Matt McCusker dot com slash dates or just go to Matt McCusker dot com and click on dates, whichever you prefer. Thank you. We're back in. I I do have to. I can't, I can't reveal that just yet. Yeah. Oh my God, dude, so, so you wrote, woke up in a panic about, I woke up in a panic last night with just a rush of ideas. Some absolutely terrifying, some absolutely enthralling. Yeah. I was just in, I haven't, dude, you know what, actually I think coffee was fucking me up from that really? Because I used to get these like constant rushes of just like weird, just like, oh, that's a good idea.


This would be funny. Yeah. When I was drinking lots of coffee and it had to do with sleep deprivation. I was just like not getting enough sleep, slamming coffee to stay awake. And I was in the cycle for like three years. Yeah. And as soon as I, I've been off the bean again. And, and again, I, I'm very sensitive to caffeine. You know, it's not, I'm not saying this is for everybody, but dude, I've been starting to have those like wild, like just every now and again, I'll be laying there in the middle of the night and stuff will come to me. When I was on the Bean, I wasn't getting that dude. Yeah. It's crazy. And again, that's just me. I, I do understand like waking up, hitting the Joe and just getting after it. That is a nice thing you can do as well. I'm one cup a day though, and you probably have a normal metabolism. Yeah. I can have one cup a day and it's like the edge of a panic attack.


I know now because of the R ring. Yeah. I was checking my, that's the R ring. What's that? Tracks my stress. Oh. Tracks my stress, sleep and physical activity. Dude, I swear to God people can shit. Hopefully people didn't see my sick email to myself over my shoulder. The, let me see if I can find out. How does it, I've, I've been showing this to everybody. Dude, I can't stop fucking sparing about the R ring. So it, this, apparently there's a vein that runs through your, and this, it's not a, it's not a sponsor or anything. It's so there's like a vein that runs through your index finger that gives you like the best thing. Right now, I'm just engaged. My stress just started clocking. I'm engaged. I'm not stressed. Yeah, yeah. Totally engaged. But dude, when I was, I, I've, I've literally showed this to everybody.


This is me on caffeine. It never really went to a relax period. This is me off the bean. Lemme see. Actually this is, where's the last one? I stopped tracking a lot of these days, but this was like the first day. So yeah, this is, this is on the Bean. This is off the bean. How I dip back down. Yeah. And then if I have, like, I've had days where I'm like kind of stress, but still I'm hitting these like deep periods of relax. Like right there. Look at that bro. That fucking, and that's not a nap. No. The nap. It'll track my nap and it'll tell me, it'll like put dotted lines. It be like, it looks like you were sleeping. Yeah. I'd be worried about the data. I'd love the data. Well, I was worried. I wanted to know and like, yeah, sorry, my nose was, you wanted to know Bean verse? No, bean. I wanted to know my sleep.


First of all, I just Don't like a thing telling me how I'm feeling. Oh, I love it, dude. You know, it's like, well here's the thing. I don't know. That's like, I didn't realize how stressed I was. 'cause you get into the world of like stress and lack of sleep for so long it becomes normal. Yeah. So I was like bro, I'm kind of like, chill. And this is the first time I actually drink coffee and chill. Then I realized, I'm like, oh, I'm never hitting, like those deep periods of relaxation throughout the day where I like get, like, if I'm like done everything and I'm just chilling there for a second, my body will just be like, and kind of decompress. Yeah. And I, I think that's like, you know, for like writing and thinking of things, like, for me, I've learned if I hit that deep period of relaxation, like my, A gear will kick on in my brain and like, I can start, it'll like, I don't know. I think that's good for me to hit those.


I need those periods. I need the peaks and valleys on the Bean. I'm just in the peaks. Yeah, dude. And I never hit that deep reset and it was, I was becoming like, I felt like a zombie dude. Yeah. There's a whole other dude. There's a whole other part of me when I get to my deep reset, total chill. I used to have what It is called Chill Attacks, or it's the opposite of a panic attack where I'm like, oh my God, dude, I might be chilling like too hard. And I wasn't, and he'll Never be able to get back up. I, I was just like, bro, I might like disappear. Like I'm too chill right now. But that's good. I feel like that's the zone you need to get into. I was pumped on it. I could, I was hitting it and I was like, this is cool. When I was on The Bean, I'm up here just like total, like all day long. Yeah. And then I finally just crash at nighttime and fall asleep. Yeah. Man, It is weird. Look again, everyone needs their personalized data.


I know. So it's like, I, I wouldn't recommend it for everybody. And I think coffee is honestly the sweetest shit ever to wake up and pound coffee. It's awesome. But dude, everyone's looking for the, the escape, the sweet escape. Anyone who's like in a relationship or certainly has kids, I feel like is looking for somehow to take a week long vacation inside of 15 minutes. Oh yeah. Big time. Dude. It is just like waking Up sleep deprived with kids yelling and being like, I'm gonna get high on caffeine right now. Yeah. It's a real thing. It's an escape, But it's sweet. It is sweet. It's so good. Again, I don't wanna be like puritanical about it. I'm saying for myself, it's ha and then it's the cool thing for me is if I, one day I'm like, you know what? I'm gonna have a cup of coffee. I can just fucking skits out for like three hours and be like, that was cool, but dude, it, it hooks you so fast.


Caffeine is so addicting, dude. Yeah. Because I've always said like, I wanna try to nicotine and see if I can just get off of it. Yeah. And I've heard that's even worse. More addicting than caffeine. I'm like, now I'm kind of scared. I'm like, dude, nicotine. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, it was a motherfucker getting off of caffeine. It was really hard. Yeah. It's just so nice. It's the routine. It's the smell. It's like You're preaching to the choir. That's why I drink decaf. That's why I understand you're na beer is, I drink a huge mug of decaf coffee in the morning and I just pretend. I go like, dude, don't even talk to me until I had decaf Coffee. Don even talk to I know dude. And it's crazy. 'cause it's like, yeah, Dr. I I've had like na Beerz at the end of the day just like sitting in the sun and been like, dude, I am, I'm drunk right now. Yeah. Like, I feel my body is like simulating first beer brain.


That's tight. Yeah. That's awesome. Actually. It's Fucking rules. And what about like fourth, fourth na? Are you just kind of like, bro, It's, well, the thing Is, it get a little crazy right now. It almost kind of feels like dream scenario where you're like drinking and not getting fucked up. That's awesome. You know what I mean? Like, if you're, if you wanted to like, be able to pound a bunch of Beerz and still be able to hang. Yeah. It's the perfect recipe. It doesn't like crush people. When you drink water at a party, people will be like, water bro. That's Yeah. That sucks. You drink any Beerz? People respect them a lot. Yeah. Well, I like the ones where the, the graphics are so complicated that people Can't tell. That's like a liquid de liquid death effect. Yeah. Yeah. People like what? Every time. Exactly. What is that? What you drinking an energy drink?


Like? No, bro. It's just water. Dude. I, yeah. Well, 4th of July, I was just crushing na Beerz and then went and did like spots at night and it was like, I felt like a super, super human. That's Kind of tight. So do you It's like I drank all day and I'm sober Yeah. And can do things. It was like That's Fantastic. Yeah. Are You, are you like, do you like hybrid? Are you just on the na Beerz right now? Or are you like doing like a hybrid? Well, it's approach. I'll do, I'm like, I'm switching to like a targeted strike mode of drinking. It's like, like I know what you mean. Just so know I'm not drinking all the time. Like for something like really fun and cool. Gotcha. I'll get fucked up. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm trying to kill mode.


Kick the Yeah. That's Really, that's A good idea. I slam the nas. Yeah, That's a Good idea. Yeah. So I'm still like, yeah, I'm not, not drinking. I'm just like, I'm trying to be Yeah. Slow gear fast. You have gears now. Yeah. You have a Shifter. Yeah. Yeah. You have Gear One and Gear two. Yeah. If something's cool, I'll drink for it. That's a good idea, man. Because I, I like, I, I like cigars for that reason. 'cause it's the same thing. It's like you're not getting fucked up from 'em. Yeah. They kind of give you a mild buzz. But you, It is something you sit there and relax and do for like 40 minutes. Yes. But I'm such a pussy about the taste. The next day I like, I have to, I know. Really be like, dude, Ulysses Grant had like 50 of these a day. I gotta stop being a bitch and just have a shitty cigar mouth. I know. But there is a cigar hangover The mouth.


You're saying like the mouth. Yeah. Like how your mouth feels. Yeah. It is Like, but I just crush gum Now I go like, fuck it, I'll just crush gum and just stop being such a bitch about it. Yeah. Because I like will complain to my dad. My dad loves cigars and I'm always, I like smoking with him when I'm with him. And he's like, I'll be like, yeah, but the next day your mouth tastes like shit. And. he just looks at me like, What the Fuck Girl. Like, he gives a fuck outta your mouth. Tastes. I'm like, oh. It makes me feel kind of queasy, dude. Yeah. It makes me feel weird talking to People. If you just crush cinnamon gum, dude, you can, you can really get out there and just ignore it all together. Cigars nice too. 'cause you Exactly. Cigar. Yeah. That's my, you kind Of need to be doing things outwardly to let people know not to fuck with you. Yeah. True.


Like when you're having a cigar, people can't assign you tasks. That's very True. You know what I mean? It's Very, it's, That's also kinda like what I enjoy about like reading. Yeah. Is that nobody, you can't read it with me. Yeah, True. You can't do this Sometimes. Sometimes you're watching something on TV and someone sits down and you're like, I don't wanna watch this with you. Yeah. You know what I mean? I don't wanna deal with you reacting to this I just wanna be in the book. Yeah. Solo experience. True. Yeah. You And it's one, it's the ultimate sig break. It's like, well this is gonna take 45 minutes, So Yeah. Sorry. And can't you see I'm in a mood. Yeah. I'm doing something right now. Right. I got, we had a kids' party recently and I got like, I got kind of bucked at the kids' party and I planned it was, it was go mode for me as well.


I like, I was like, whenever I'm loading up a cooler during the day, I'm like, I'm gonna fucking try to drink As, and I don't drink that much, but it was, for me, it was enough. And I just like got like kind of soft up at this party. And then that night I was like, I gotta walk my dogs. And I was like, I'm gonna smoke a cigar while I walk my dogs. It was like kind of hammered. It was so nice. And I didn't realize there was like a family behind me. Yeah. So like a dad, it was like a dad and his kid and a dad and his like 10-year-old kid right behind me. And I slid out like a huge cloud of smoke. And I was like, yeah. They came across. I'm so sorry. Oh guys, I'm so fucking sorry. I, I was apologetic 'cause I was like, I'm so sorry you don't blow smoke in my kids' faces. I freak Blows. Like If they're like, if we're at the airport and someone stands right in front of me, let you sig. I'm like, bro, get the fuck outta here with that. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I genuinely didn't know.


So I was like, bro, I'm so, so I was in an absolute, it was like the sun was coming down. I was doing my little nature walk with my dogs. I was in fucking heaven. Dude. Dude. Absolute heaven. Cigar in the woods. It was nice. Super. Yeah. It's like a little, like, there's like ponds and stuff and you kinda like walk past them. And I was just absolute heaven until my dogs pull on the leash and I turn it, it's like a blind rage. I'm like, fuck yeah. I better really work on that down here in Philadelphia. They're way more tolerant of just yanking a dog and being like, What the Fuck. Come on. Yeah. Here it's like, People get mad. I noticed they're not really down with that at all. So I, and I've been getting way better with it too, where they yank me and I'm like, now I know. I'm like, you probably have to poop. Do you think it's a disrespect thing from the dogs?


No. It's just a physical thing. It's like I'm walking and my body gets jerked and I'm instantly just furious. Yeah. I'm walking and my shoulder gets p It's like somebody bumping you really hard. Yeah. But It is like that physical sensation where you're like, What. the Fuck, you get confused for like a split second. You're like, you see your dog. Like, And You are like, fuck, stop dude, stop. You just fucking almost almost fell. Yeah. I do that with like inanimate objects. Have you hit, have you like bumped into them? Yeah. Or if like, if you're moving something And, they like fall What the Fuck. Are you doing I Know. Yeah. I have, I was like moving like a vase or something and we had like a bunch of like, I had a bunch of like comic books and like book holders.


Yeah. And one of the book holders just slid out and everything fell. And I was like, Oh, pisses me. I know exactly what hap Yeah. Piss and Dude pisses. Dude. I was yelling at my girl. I was like, these book holders are done. You're done. Get 'em outta here. They, they don't fucking work. You're done with this shit when the fucking books slide This way. Just what the fuck's, dude, I, if I take one book out when I have like bookends and the whole thing collapses, I'm like, what's the point of those things, dude? Yeah. I get actually very furious. Yeah. When it, it's a thin thing. It needs like weight on it. And even in order to work, Dude, when you have kids, especially And, they leave their shit everywhere. Yeah. If I'm gonna, it used to happen to me when I would paint houses. Like when there's just shit everywhere. And I try to walk and I'm like, there's stuff all around my feet. Yeah. I go into like a toddler freak out where I'm like, get this shit the fuck outta here.


I'll, I'll be in the room at nighttime, the playroom, like with toys. 'cause there's like a path to the door I need to get to. And it'll be covered in toys. My one dog's going blind, so he's like walking into shit and falling. And I'll just be like, just Fucking shit. And start kicking stuff and fucking kicking the rug under me. Just start kicking shit everywhere. Just by myself at nighttime. Just, dude, I had the ultimate spaz recently. I forgot about this. Where was I? I was somewhere. I, I was coming back. I think I was here actually doing a podcast. Oh yeah. Yeah. I was here. I did one with Marcus King. We went out to eat. I'm fucking dumb ass. I knew I didn't have enough time. I had take my dog to the vet and I'm like, I could squeeze in lunch. And Yeah. As soon as I'm, as soon as the ball was in motion, I was like, there's no way I can pull this off.


I'm fucked. I I know torture. That's my whole life. Oh, that's my whole life. Oh. And then I'd take it to go like a weirdo. I was like, actually guys, I don wanna take my food and go have fun at lunch. It is the worst thing ever. That's My whole life. It is just, it's like, how you gonna turn down going to lunch or whatever. The Marcus King. Yeah. It's like you're gonna do it. Yeah. And then you realize that you're completely fucked and now you have to do an even more embarrassing thing. Well, My wife called me as I sat down for lunch. She's like, you're not gonna be able to do this. And I was like, I can. Yeah. I knew. I, I knew she was, why don't you let me worry about me? I knew, I knew I was fucked. And then I'm like, I'm waiting. I'm sitting there like every second. They didn't bring out my food as agony. I'm like, fuck. 'cause my wife's like, you can't order anything.


You just have to leave now. And I was like, I can get it to go dude. And then I go to leave. I'm, I'm late. I call the place, I'm like, Yo, I'm gonna be 15 minutes late. They're like, yeah, that's cool. Gridlock. Fucking Biden came to town, dude, shut down the whole fucking thing. And so I'm like, What. the Fuck. Is he doing here? Yeah. There's no point of him being here. No. He fucked up the whole city. Dude. I, it was like, for real, 35 to 40 minutes. It's a 12 minute drive in my house. Yeah. I couldn't, I would come to a thing, get stopped, there'd be cops there. I go there, I'd go back around more traffic. I did this forever. My wife's calling me. She's like, fine, I'll take the dogs myself. I'm like, don't take the fucking dogs. I'll get the dogs. Actually, fuck it. I'll cancel the appointment. We're going back and forth. And she hung up without saying goodbye.


And dude, I punched my, my phone's on this little thing. I fucking just punched my phone and then threw it. And I, I hit my phone so hard that it dialed 9 1 1 thinking I'd been in a car crash. I didn't know phones could do that by the way. I fucking rocked my phone. It was like a double punch slam against the door. Fucking slammed my phone. The Ring had to be pissed. She claims you hung up on accident, by the way. I know better, but yeah. Yeah. If I didn't mean that, I didn't know you were still talking. We'll just let that one live. But dude, the point is, I hit my phone so hard. I didn't spazz like this in a while. It was a full fucking spa, like a retro spaz and dude to then my phone, I threw it. I couldn't find it.


I'm still trying to drive and there's cops directing stuff. So my phone's against the side of my thing hooked up to my car phone. So it's like nine one one. I was like, Ugh. And I have to like, pull over and grab my phone and I hang up And. they call me back like, what's your emergency? I was like, bro, I spazzed my wife and punched my phone. Dude. He just laughed. He was like, it's all good, bro. You're good. I was like, dude, apparently if you throw your phone really hard, it calls nine one one. He was like, oh, so you're fine. I'm like, yeah, I'm fine bro. I just spazzed out. My wife's pissing me off. Dude. Dude. And. he like, yeah. He's like, all right brother. I watched, I watched that. What them shut down? I 35 because I, my place looks out on I 35. Oh yeah. And like, I off because I just turned a traffic. I'm a traffic junkie dude.


Do not, do not fuck up traffic unless it's the most important thing in the world. When you say junkie, you mean like you I just, I things need to, you can't enough flow. Like I just need. Oh, so you're a flow junkie. Yes. I thought you were saying you craved slow. No, slow, slow crawl Traffic. No, I can't stand traffic. Literally like, since I was a toddler, if we got in traffic, I would like try to go to sleep in the backseat. It's like, it, it's the only thing that I have like genuinely have like a phobia of Yeah. I just Stopping. Yes. And I can't stand it. I don't understand. It drives me nuts. So the idea that someone, you weren't even In the traffic. You're like, I was just, dude, I was standing on my balcony looking at and being like, this is outrageous. This is outrageous. Like You were cursing it from above.


And Dude, I, because it's, they shut it down for like five hours. Dude, it, it fucked me up so bad. And it was like, Take a fucking helicopter. Don't Come. Yes. You're demented. Study it out. Don't Spend, dude, it's Millions of dollars. It's gotta cost millions of dollars. When to come here, dude, stop It. Dude. I, I remember hearing a report that like, like traffic in China costs their economy like billions, hundreds of billions of dollars every year. And so every time I see something like that, it's like this is costing the state of Texas money. Yeah. On top of obviously paying everyone to shut down the fucking highway. But it's like, that's insane. This is, this is like, people aren't getting to where they need to go. Packages are not being delivered.


They are fucking not happening. Because why, Dude, it May, you're not even, you quit. No one's gonna try to kill you now. I Know, I know. I think they were hoping they were probably lobbing him up. Like, you better guys better not shoot this guy. I mean, dude, they could, they could Helicopter him to the airport. I know, dude. Save everyone The trouble just never shut down the highway. Dude. Let 'em do it from TV too, man. Yeah. It, it was also, it's 102 degrees out. Or just put a drive on the highway in tank. Just don't tell anybody he's coming. Yeah. No One's gonna fuck out. Nobody knew. The only way people found out was them shutting down. I I was like, who the fuck is This dude? It it, the vet that I was supposed to go to, I called him and I was like, bro, I'm just not coming like 35 shut down.


They're like, yeah. So like, dude, how many people say you had to like, you were like a cake maker and you had to deliver a birthday cake. Yeah. And you're like, Yo, I can't make it to you right now. I'm fucked. Yeah. Or there's a bunch of people that had you, like, had appointments at your fucking spa or your nail place or your vet or whatever, and that didn't show up because and had a valid excuse. And you're just like, well, Fuck. Yeah. So they could do some weird satanic enterprise just like puppeting around a fucking demented guy. Yeah. What did he give it? I mean, I can't even imagine what he said. I think you're right. I think they just propped him up for the headshot. They're like, bro, please take it off. Yeah. This will only, this will be so sick. Because then they would win. What? And just like the whole image martyrdom thing. Yeah. Like if Biden gets shot, they will spin it into like, Just put a mask on a regular guy.


Oh yeah. Fake him out. Yeah. Yeah. We can't even, yeah. Yeah. They should've. Would you even care? What if they faked Biden though? Feel like If you found out if Biden was doing like six events in different places at the same time and It's fake bot. No, I wouldn't care. And You'd go good. It'd be more arguing for quantum position. Get their Yeah. No, Exactly. If you go to Disneyland and you take a picture with Mickey Mouse, you're not like, this isn't fucking Mickey Mount You are just like, yeah, that guy put a suit on. We're getting the photo. Or like mega churches, a lot of them have satellite churches where they just like, they're at one place and just beams out to different locations. Like, let him be on fucking tv. Man. That guy does not need to be flying in fucking Air Force one. Yeah. Rallying the troops. Yeah. The Pressure. I mean, dude, the Kamala craze is sweet. I think that shit's been making me laugh so hard.


Like, no, there's a genuine movement growing behind. I'm like, I'm almost positive. This is not a genuine movement. There's no way no one's, this is Not a grassroots be like, people are really waking up to Kamala. It's like, no, they're not. This is all PR firms. Yeah. 1000%. Yeah. White dudes for Kamala. Not a grassroots movement. I can assure you of that. Yeah. I get a, I get a sense of relief that Biden quit, but genuine enthusiasm is like terrifying For, For Kamala. That's not true. There's nobody can't be. They're trying to be like, yeah, dude. She's basically like Ka Obama. Yeah. Yeah. Know she's not Dude, I've never met one. Yeah. We've also, we've, we've tasted the sweet fruit of a black president. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like they're trying to cash in like first female black president and then it's, everyone's like, she's actually Indian.


But Obama was the end of people thinking that something would be different. Yeah. That was the great disillusion, man. I was like, I I even was like, bro, this is like, this is crazy man. We're we're living in a different world now. Yeah. It turned out right. And, they was like, no, no, It's the same. It's the exact same. Yeah. And then, yeah. So now it's just like, nobody's gonna be excited. How could you be excited? Yeah. She'd have to be cool. Like, I don't know why they can't find someone who's genuinely cool. Like they're such fucking dorks. I don't know. I mean, it's obvious when you're cool. You're like, I'm not gonna sit in Washington for 15 years and lick people's fucking shoe laces and Yeah. Well dude, this is what I was Why? Well, like I feel like there should be more referendums.


What's that? What is a Referendum? I don't know. When I voted there would be like, there would be like the names of the people and then they would ask you like a question at the bottom that was like, you want a casino here? Or like Yeah. I like that You feel about weed. Yeah. They should just have one that's just like, should everyone, should we fire everyone that works in Congress and start over? Yeah. That'd be so sweet. Just and it's like, take a vote on it. That's what I'm saying, man. Everyone Who's currently in is out. Yeah. And no longer allowed to run. Let's Yeah. Let's fucking like, like they Do with waiters at Restaurants clean like they do with waiters at restaurants. Yeah. Where it's like you got clean house every, you a restaurant. You gotta fire your whole wait staff every five years. 'cause they get all f dude, they get there, They get infected with each other.


They get infected. They start having their friends come in and giving people like a bartenders like, just show up when I'm work there. It becomes all this like free deal kind of economy where they all start being like, I run this place. Yeah. I've heard from multiple people every five years you might keep one loyal dog and just fucking chop the heads of your whole staff. Yeah. And It is like, it sounds fucked up, but I, I've been, I've known so many people at restaurants who get jobs there and they're like, Yo, come in. I'll get, don't worry about your check. Like, just pay me a big tip and I'll, I'll ring you up for like 20 bucks. Really? Yeah. I've seen that happen multiple times. I just come in, I'm bartending like, I got you. Yeah. Which apparently bar and bartenders are like, part of the job is knowing when you're supposed to get free drinks as part of bartender culture.


But a lot of 'em will abuse it and have people in and be like, fuck, Who's this? Yeah. I mean, I don't want to like, Shit. I think Guardini stuck outside. Oh, let me and Gardenia, let's, let's what, where were we at time wise? Hour Three. Oh my God. Dude. You. are you, what time do you gotta go? I got a little time. All right. Let's bring the, I think my flight's gonna get canceled anyway. Oh. What time's your flight? Hurricane 3, 2 45. All right, let's, let's slide into the Patreon. What do you got? Where? Where can people catch you? Obviously South Island Stuff Island. Check out stuff Island. That's pretty much it. What show? You got shows coming up or are you guys coming off that you guys had a big Old tour? Nah, going, going up to Philly for Tires. Sweet. For the rest of the year I Think. All right. Nice man, you're gone.


Which is awesome. Yeah. Yeah. My girlfriend is complaining that I always seem, every time someone asks me how I'm doing on a podcast, I'm like, fine. Yeah. I mean she's like, things are good. Yeah. Why don't you be say things are good because You gotta get in a double bracelet mode of like, bro, everything is just like, it's all falling. I pour into a plan, dude. Oh dude. I also like, I don't, that's like a big fear in my life is like being positive and then catastrophe striking. Try it. Do it as an experiment. Like I'd so much rather be on a podcast and be like, I don't know, things are good and then I die. Yeah. And people go, I you kind of saw it coming true. Like everything's awesome.


Everyone laughs at your dead body. It's all on the up and up. I can't see a bad thing happening. Dude. I've been convinced that 80% of doing any sort of like acting standup, 80% of the job is learning how to like stop the ceaseless torrent of negative self thoughts. Yeah. I had to do a thing the other day. I was so uncomfortable the whole time and I was like, my job is to not freak out. Yeah. That's all I gotta do is not freak out and do my best. I did with standup. I have like learned to like, I used to sit back there and be like, fuck, Fuck yeah dude. I Suck. I'm gonna fucking forget everything and freak out. I'm trying to tap into like, bro, It is what It is. I'm having a good time. Oh dude. You are having a good time.


I'm having a good, yeah. And I'll see someone not having fun. I'm like, What the Fuck is That problem? Yeah. I spiral into a place where I'm like, are these even your ideas? This is what You are. This is what you're bringing to the table. Like thing that things that I like genuinely thought was funny. I'm just like, this is who You are. What. the Fuck is wrong with you. Don. You say something interesting, you Got double leather wrist, re like, man, this is crazy bro. Nobody does it like me. Yeah. Of all the things you could possibly say, you chose these subjects, you're an embarrassment. Yeah. Chris Connor, thank you so much. We'll slide, we'll slide into the.