
Guys, this is a tough time for this country. And honestly, I'm sorry I'm so late to releasing an episode this week, but this week was tough for me, man. I had a really, I'd ask myself some hard questions. I said, you know, there's a lot of bad stuff going on that assassination attempt, just a, just a country fighting even more reality, just kind of becoming more and more untethered and people just kind of selecting this and that to be real over other things. And I, I really, I, I didn't wanna talk politics. It's like almost, I guess it's expected to like, weigh in on this whole situation. And I honestly tried, I, I talked for 45 minutes about the whole thing, and it just sucked because my heart wasn't in it between us.


What I really wanted to talk about this week is Dick's. I wanted to talk dick's, and I was like, is this really the right time? Like, I, I don't wanna be irreverent towards the American political system, but I'm like, who am I to just talk dick's for two hours straight? Like for real? I'm talking for real, just dick talking and you'll see what I'm talking about. But I decided to go with my gut and I said, America needs to know, you know, how to increase flacid length, flacid girth, obviously erect length and girth, and just kind of getting as hard as you possibly can. What are some of the things we can do for that? And so I, I brought on an expert. So what's going on with, if, like, we're gonna jump in to a sliver of the thing that I was doing after I got done talking about all of the assassination business, which really, it was just boring.


I bored myself while talking about it. I did I just, it's not my lane, it's not my thing. Maybe one day if you guys are like, oh, I wanna see it. Maybe I'll put it on Patreon. Maybe I'll just fucking release it. It, it sucks. It for real sucks. Like, I'm not trying to entice anybody. It blows. I, it It is not good. But I did finally get to talking dicks and then brought on an expert to kind of like, you know, ask him some questions. Learn. The guy's name is Janice Bran and I, he created what's known, known as Fallow Genesis. And dude, it, this for real, might be the most important interview I I'll ever do.


It's at a, obviously a topic that strikes at the, the real heart. You think your political party's a big deal, dude. What if I told you you could get fatter? Like, and you'll see as he explains, like a lot of us could be girth monsters if we just maybe just kept an open mind and heart to a pretty holistic approach for making your bird the best it could be. That's all I'm saying. This is the stuff we need to be talking about as a country. I know we're divided, but let's come together on this issue. Let's get harder, bigger birds, dude, all of us, for every man. That's what I'm talking about. Let's jump right in to the thing and then you'll see. Alright, thank you guys.


That all brings me to the real thing I wanted to talk about. And that is, man, if you're still listening, God bless your little fucking heart. I recently came, look, I, you know this now I, I've, you know, obviously we broke down the political situation. I gave you some bad news to hopefully you could feel better at, you know, poor, that poor lady's expense. She also, she eventually escapes from the brothels. So don't feel too bad. But I figured out how to I, and I think how to increase flad size. I really have. Like, dude, I'm not, I'm not bragging you, you know, I'm not one to be like, yeah, dude, my fucking dick's so fucking big. I'm tee up most of the time, but, and the weather in Texas here is hot.


I think It is absolutely a factor. My flad state has been, bro. It's been like for real, taking me aback even when I'm in the ac in my house, I know obviously everyone gets, like, during the dog days and summer, you do get kind of like, you know, a bit of heat, dick, which, you know, everyone's always welcoming. But dude, I've been like, for real, like going to take a piss and being like, Yo bro. Like my flad state. And here, this is my theory and this is the only thing that's changed, is I'm crushing water, dude, I'm, I'm hitting like a gallon a day. I'm not bragging. I have the mountain valley five gallon glass container water coolers. So stoked. But I've been crushing a gallon of water a day. And I think height, my, my theory, my my theory for flad gains, I, I swear to God, flacid gains is a dragon I'm chasing.


And I don't even care about my boner dude. It is what? It is my boner, but a tool for the creation of life. My flacid flacid state is what I'm more kind of, you know, that that's my thing. That, that, that's the dragon I'm really chasing. And I've learned, if you wanna increase your flad state hydration and mindset, it's those two things. If you're kind of nervous or squirrely, your don will shrink up. You will fucking, if you're like, if you can take a deep breath confidence mode and you're well hydrated, dude, I swear by this, my flad state has been like, like, put it this way, if someone snapped a photo of it, I'd be like, yeah, send it up. That's all I'm saying. It's nothing. It is nothing impressive or anything. People are like, holy fuck.


But it's absolutely surfaceable. And honestly, I feel, I feel like if like the last couple bathroom breaks I've taken, if I had to take that, my, my lifetime acting goal is to be an extra on HBO and show my penis. So if I ever get to do that, I have the, I have the exact recipe, obviously, I'm not gonna be biggest on the block, but it would be like if I was on Westworld, like standing a bunch of, around a bunch of robots and I, I would be proud, like, yeah, that's my dick. I'd be proud of it. You know, It is what It is. It is, it would, I was like, yeah, that's me. So, and and, and to kind of, I I do wanna delve into this matter a little further. So I have an expert I'm gonna talk to hopefully tonight. And I can kind of just splice this right in here about how to get your dick bigger.


Because, you know, if the political world's falling apart and we're all addicted to our phones, we might as well have big ass dicks. So I think that's very important. So hopefully, let's see. Hopefully we're pinging him in right now. Come on. Come on brother. Come on. It took a lot to fucking convince this guy. 'cause he was, he was weary. But I said, brother, the dudes need to know how to get bigger hogs. You also, he claims that f and shrinks your dick. What do you think about that? It's unwelcome news. Let's hear him out. All right, there you go. Dude, thank you so much for joining. I mean, totally saving the day. I didn't know what I was gonna do this week. See, and I'll tell you, I'll start off before I introduce you, I'm gonna tell you how our, we kind of crossed paths.


It was really weird. So, and it weirdly enough had to do with that all mess this week with former president Donald Trump. So he got that whole thing happened to him, whatever, terrible thing. But it kind of, this spilled off of it because I'm sitting there, everyone's just flooding the internet with, you know, hot takes about, you know, politics, blah, blah, blah. And I said, what's nobody talking about right now? I said, you know what, I'm gonna talk about the fact that every time I drink a gallon of water every day, my flad, my flad state is just the most remarkable. And I was like, nobody's talking dicks right now. I'm gonna talk, I'm gonna talk. I'm gonna fill the void. I'm gonna corner in the market. I'm gonna talk dick's when nobody's, everyone's no one's paying attention.


People are doing other stuff. So I jump in, I start talking dick's online. I'm talking about, you know, flacid state for me, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, I think it's all hydration and mindset. What would you say about that Hydration mindset? For sure. But the other thing is, which is where my work comes into play, blood vessels, blood vessel growth specifically. Whoa. And that's for, okay, so good. So we'll get into all that stuff. But yeah, that, it was weird enough. So I, I put this tweet out about that specifically, and it, it like hit I think the subreddit. My brother saw it. And He was like, Yo, check this out. And He was like, check out. And I think you came up somehow through that tweet, you came up in the subreddit as well, what you were doing.


He was like, dude, check this out. And I was like, damn, that's crazy. So that's how I came to discover you. Okay. And it's Janice Janice Bran. Correct. Janus Bifrons. I was gonna ask you about your last name, A last name too. Like what's, how, how do I say that last name? McCusker Mc McCusker. Got it. You nailed it. Okay, so Janice, introduce yourself. What do exactly what do you do? I, it's you were just starting to explain it to me. It sounds fascinating. So what do you do? And I'm glad you agree about my fast, my fla size theory. 'cause It is, I swear to God, it's hydration. It is mindset. If you're walking around here nervous, dude, you're gonna shrimp up. Yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna shrimp up pretty fast. So I got my start and gee, I guess I'll wind it way the fuck back.


I got fascinated with like blood vessels after I got outta bodybuilding when I was in my very, very like early childhood, you know, like teens and stuff like that. I had, I had gotten really heavy into the bodybuilding scene, blew up on steroids, you know, like got just huge and sweet. Ended up having a pretty bad episode where I'd grown too fast and my skin came apart and I didn't notice until I got in the shower. And I like bled out and smacked my head in like a shower, all cove and shit like that. Whoa. Can I stop you there? How do you do that?


Is that, that can happen. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if if you, if you grow too fast from taking steroids, your skin will come apart. Like it, you're, you're growing at a, you know, a super physiological rate. Your skin can't keep up depending on your cycle. Like bad shape can happen. Damn. Yeah. So, So you were fucking jacked. Yeah, yeah. I was 276 pounds. Single digit body fat. I'm five nine, so I mean, damn Dude. Yeah. Okay. It was, it was up there. And that started the blood vessel that started your fascination with blood vessels? Well, yeah, 'cause what basically happened after that is I had to go to the doctors because I ended up getting an infection in that particular skin tear was in my groin.


And my doctor just looked at me, He was like, you, you can't keep doing bodybuilding. Your skin tears are getting too outta control. You keep this up, you're gonna end up with like a deep muscle infection. You could be, you know, it could kill you. And tried and tried and tried to stay in it. And it was just, you know, it was kind of like, kinda like for whom the bell tolls kind of thing. I knew it was done, but I love the body. I love the human body. I loved, I loved everything about it. And I was like, you know, I don't want this passion for bodybuilding to die just because I can't pursue it the way I want. You know, like, what's a way I can pursue the same thing with bodybuilding, but you know, in a direction that nobody else is thinking about.


And also I heard about smooth muscles and blood vessels and shit like that. I was like, you know, how the fuck do I grow those? How do I grow that? Because, you know, everyone else knows how to grow, you know, ske muscle. How do I grow my vascular system? You know, that was tail tail end of my teens. By the time bodybuilding was done and over for me, I was about 18, 19 years old. And if you're wondering yes, I was like taking steroids by the time I was like 14 years old to get it from my mentor and shit. So whoa. Damn. That's, that's pretty young dude. So you were like going through puberty on steroids? Well, I hit puberty super young.


Okay. So puberty for me was like 11. I I was like the only like, yeah, like 14 young, 12-year-old with like five o'clock shadow kind of shit, you know? Damn. Yeah. You're, no, you're right. 14 I guess would be, yeah. Yeah. That's like that whole area, like 11 through 15, 14. So you hit it and then you just kind of right afterwards smack with some, Yeah, pretty much. Like my mentor had started me on anti-estrogen first, just to try to max up my potential, get me, you know, as big as I possibly could. And then, you know, he and I sat in his front living room one night and was like, you know, do you really wanna do this? And I was like, yeah, I really wanna do this. And you know, I prepped my first dose, you know, sat there right there and we went out, we went out and ate at a Chinese buffet.


And He was like, you've got one goal, keep up. 'cause like with bodybuilding, the one thing nobody ever tells you is that it's all eating. Like, you can take all the steroids in the world, but if you cannot put down enough food to actually use what you're putting in your body, that steroid You are not gonna grow as fast. So like, you'll hear a lot of the big guys talk, you know, it's all eating, but that is not a particular topic. That's, that's a little bit later on, you know, we're on, we're on the tail, we're on the tail end of all that. We're talking about a vascular growth. So yeah, ask me something about that. What, whatever you wanna know. So now this is what, no, I, I wanna get this story.


So, you know, the bodybuilding and it's like, I can't do it. You said, all right, obviously I'm, I'm trying to, like, you're just about gains. You're like, I was gonna get as big as possible. I'm not allowed to do that with like my skeletal muscles anymore. I might as well apply the same thinking to my, you know, to my d if I'm thinking if I'm following you. Right. Right. Which by the way, by the way, noble quest, this is a very noble quest. So I I'm glad And you started that around 18. I, I swear to God, dude, 99% of dudes are interested in this topic. Maybe 1% of dudes will talk about it. And I, I do applaud you for that. Oh My, I, dude, I can relate to that. Oh my god. Oh my god. Anytime someone finds out what I do, if they're at a party, the first thing they're gonna do is they start making fun of me or ridiculing me and shit like that.


And I'm always like, in the back of my head, and like, you're gonna be talking to me at the end of the night. I know it. I mean, dude, there's, I, I, I, yeah, it's one of the, it's such a weak flex to be like, I don't even care about that. It's like, dude, get the fuck outta here, man. Yes, we do. Right? And it's like, dude, it's like, you could be a billionaire And, he could be like, Yo, I figured this out. They'd be like, they would fully set you up with a Tony Stark laboratory mate. Dude, do your thing, please. Right, right. Yeah. So you, yeah, dude, no, no shame of the game. I've been talking about this stuff forever. I'm all about it, dude. I think, and it's, so, I, I got into this because of, you know, and I do, I do do a comedy podcast, so I always try to find it, you know, there was funny aspects of it, obviously, but I got into the, the movement of like, dudes who are circumcised.


And there used to be this company, I don't know if you've ever heard of it, called Manhood Canada, where they basically put like a sleeve on you where you can kind of regain your sensitivity. Oh yeah. It's a, for foreskin restoration, right? Yes. That's what You're about. Yes. So I kind to like, started fucking around with that. And, and It is, it just, it kind of fits perfectly for comedy podcast. 'cause It is funny. I was walking around with like a, basically like a, a Velcro sleeve on my dick all day. And it's just, it's delightful. It's funny to hear about. It's kind of fascinating. So, yeah, so don't at all. If people, you know, people wanna try to hate, it's like, bro, stay in your lane. And I It is like, like strong guys. Like, there's no dude, like, the strongest dude. Like if you're thinking about like MMA juujitsu, they're not walking around trying to flex.


It's always a dude who's out the strongest. So if you're walking around being like, I don't even care about this Dick Row and talk, like you said, it's like, bro, I'll see you later, guarantee you hit me up in a minute. So go on. So how did you, how did you start to study it? Like I, I would have like, where would you start with this? So that's a really good question. So, I mean, I've, I'm just gonna try, what I'm gonna do for you here is I'm just gonna give you as much content as You are willing to get. And you can kind of like parse it, snippet do what you want. So, so here we go. Obviously, same thing. I'm like, well, I mean, at that point in time, I knew enough about, you know, the body.


'cause I was like, well, I mean, you know, The, Male, Member. And that's how I prefer to say to it, because like, I hate The, Male, Member Peanut, The, Male, Member. I said, what's The Male Member made out of? Well, it's made out of, you know, like fascia and smooth muscle. So I was like, well, I mean, so if I, if I can't be like the biggest dude in the room, you know, I'm gonna be like the biggest dude in the room. You know, it's heard that it's kinda, it goes, right, Let's go, let's go. Right? Like, if I can't swing hammer, I'm slinging hammer. You know, it's one of those. So let's, let's do that. Let's fucking go. What, what else is smooth muscle in your body? What else is That? Good question. Basically all of your blood vessels, your bones start out as that, which is something I'll get into later.


Like, it's, dude, it's a, it's a really, I I got way more than I bargained for the deeper down this road. I got like, it, there's, there's certain aspects of it that even now, even years down the road that just, just blows my mind, just blows my mind. So, so I, I'll I'll, I'll get into the start of it and then, and then we'll start to get in the heart of it. And I'm just gonna like, Do your, yeah, do your thing, man. I got plenty of time. All right. So, so of course I started out on all of the usual forums, like Thunder's Place, PE Gym, try to matters of size, some of the smaller ones, just, just trying to learn about exercises in general.


Just trying to, trying to get a beat on it. And I did that for pretty much, well, you know, kind of the, like I said, kinda like the tail end of my teens started my early twenties. And you know, on top of that, behind all of this, during the bodybuilding days, I'm just doing everything I can to just learn about the body in general. So I'm just kind of adding to it, learning more about smooth muscles, learning more about the sexual organs, what I discovered, it's, it's painful to say this, it's really painful to say this. Like, and, and you'll understand why it's painful. It all just sucked. It, it was just all so horrible, so horribly damaging, so horribly fought, like flawed, poorly thought out, like stretching.


So like joking, sorry to cut you off. Like joking, you're saying? Yeah. Okay. Like, like pretty much all of it. And I can, and I can give you a breakdown of all that, but we'll start with Gel King since you're bringing that up. So with Gel King, gel King actually has an incredibly rich history. So what Gel King was originally intended to do was, it was a form of mock battle. So like, whenever, whenever a guy is entering a woman, you know, the vagina kind of closes in and it pushes the blood in the caer nale bodies like, kind of, kind of, kind of sucks it through the arterial channels that are deep and then pushes it out the venous channel. And what'll happen a lot of times is whenever our guys, you know, like really in the throes of it, you know, kind of going pound town, he has a really hard time maintaining an, an erection because his, well, I mean, they didn't really know this way back when, and I'm talking like centuries and centuries and centuries ago, you know, they didn't really know that it was a case of, you know, arterial insufficiency.


So what they did is with Geling, so what we know of it today, it's from base glands, but it got misinterpreted because it starts in like way, like way out in like the Middle East, like the far east and shit, all right? It was supposed to be from glands to base, it was supposed to be like a mock battle. It was supposed to mimic penetration. That's what it was supposed to do. Oh, it was supposed to prepare you for that. And people are milking themselves like an utter, basically going the reverse way. Yeah. They're, they're, it got, and it just got misinterpreted. Now, at the time, whenever I discovered Geling, I did not know any of this shit.


So of course I'm doing it from, you know, base to glands and, and what's what's of course happening is I'm, I'm getting varicose veins, I'm blowing out my veins. Damn. And that's what, and that's what geling the, the geling that we know of today. It causes varicose veins, it destroys the vascular pathways that, that basically help support and help the The Male Member work. Hmm. It's, yeah. And, and so tried Geling, got a lot of varicose veins from it, got, you know, worsening potency, did not get any size from it. Then I was like, okay, so Gel King's not that great, gave that a try, let's try stretching, let's see how that goes.


Did stretching for a long time. And I ended up with what they, what I've basically referred to as, as you can almost call it like, like caps separation. So you've got the corporate caer nole bodies, which are deep, and then over top those, you've got the Tunica albu. And then over top that you've got a, a layer of veins. And then over top of that you've got the bug fascia. And then you've got a, a couple other, a couple other structures that exist then underneath the Kohl's fascia.


So basically whenever you do a pulling exercise, right, like most pulling exercises, you're taking your hand, you're forming a circle, You are wrapping it around your glands, and then you're pulling up, that's, that's what most stretch exercises, stretch, stretch devices. They're, they're either a suction cup or there's some sort of a compression band that goes right underneath the glands and it's pulling on that. Well, what that will cause is, is it, it affects the more superficial structures, but it doesn't really affect the deeper structures like the actual cavernous bodies. So what'll happen is, is that bug fascia that exists over top, that venous layer, which is over top, the tal bia, it'll stretch out.


And so you start to get this, this bizarre wiggle at the top of your member to where your glands will actually kind of be slopping about on the top of your, what, what, yes, yes. A lot of guys don't know this, but until I actually take the time to explain this to a lot of guys, or like, I have no idea what this is, you know, they just think like, oh, you know, my glands are supposed to slip to the left and the right. So incredibly easily. But no, that, that's not the case. What, what's basically happened is, is is has, have they, have they elongated the tissue? Technically yes, they've elongated the B fascia, but when they do that, you end up with a hemodynamically or rather a hydraulically compromised member.


So if you have separation between the bucks and then that, that underlying venous layer in the tuna cal begonia, you actually have a very difficult time keeping an erection So that you'll see a lot. And this is something that'll tie into something. I'm sure you've seen compression bands, you know, like coch rings, like guys don't have to wear coch rings, right? Oh yeah. They have to wear a coch ring because they, their, their, their member is hydraulically compromised. It doesn't work right anymore. So they have to wear coch rings in order to actually get hard because there's that layer separation. And is that the only way that can happen from the stretching? Or can that just be normal wear and tear To some extent?


That, that, that's a really good question. That's a great, great question. It can actually happen with normal wear and tear. That's something that I see with guys that have erectile dysfunction, which is kind of where my work ties in later. So from doing geling, from doing stretching and so, so from the geling and the stretching, and then I also did pumping, which is again, the same set of problems. It, it tends to work the tissue superficially, but not really deep. Although there are some ways around that. Which, which is actually something I have up on my Reddit, but I'll explain that later. So I tried, let's see, geling, stretching, pumping, extending, tried injections, by the way, needles near your dick.


That's really scary. Was that Botox, was that like Botox injections? Not Botox. I was doing trimix. I was getting trimix from this place called All Day Chemist, which is basically like this fly by night drug company out in the middle of the sea. Just let me stop you. Your ability to take these experiments to the next level is for real commendable. Like, I tried joking many moons ago, and I just got scared. I was like, bro, I'm not, this is, it like freaked me out. But like the fact that you're taking, you went all the way on all these things is admirable. Again, it's, it honestly is one of the most noble quests. So no needles, that doesn't work. Yeah. Well, okay, so like, so, so the injections, the injections actually worked really well.


They, they did, they, they, they were nice. The injections were nice, but at the same time, you know, oh my God, you think, you think you've ever been hard in your life? Oh dude, just give it up. Really? The injection are nice, but, but there, there's, there's a real risk of infection. There's a real risk of scar tissue. There's a real risk of fucking up the dose and having, you know, a medically induced priapism that that could not go down. Like, dude, you gotta look at videos of how they drain a priapism. Like they, they take this large gauge needle, right? And, they shove it through your glands and then they penetrate the caer nale bodies and then they suck the blood out.


Sometimes they don't even do that. Sometimes they just take a scalpel and just run it through there and just squirt it out like a pimple. Oh my God, are you serious? I'm dead serious. It's, you do not wanna pry that. And that was what scared me. I was like, this is like, I mean, it's okay right now, but when's the day gonna come that it's not gonna be okay? And someone's gonna take a scalpel and be like, Bob's your uncle, you know? Oh, like I didn't mean, yeah, I didn't mean that. Oh my God, I didn't know that. Right. And this, so what's the difference between this stuff and whatchamacallit, Botox? Okay, so what Botox will do, Botox will basically, cause it'll basically cause your muscles to be unable to contract.


They, they won't work properly, which will effectively cause it will cause an erection because it interferes with your muscles ability to, to contract. Ah, I see, I see, I see. Yeah. So I mean, like, you know, like rich white women, they're like, oh, I've got wrinkles in my face. Let me just shove a needle here. You know? And their, and their muscles, they, they can't work anymore. There's no wrinkles, you know? Yeah, same principle. So yeah, did, did the injections. I never went so far as to inject like silicone into there. Like I, I've, so doing this job, you see some things that are just like way out there. I mean like way, way, way, way. So far left field you'd like, you know, Silicon's intense, silicon's intense.


It's like a breast implant basically. It pretty mu Okay. So like, what, what these guys will do is they'll inject silicone into the caboral bodies. And I saw the picture of this one dude, it looked like he, he didn't even have, it didn't even look like a tube anymore. It just looked like a basketball. He just had a basketball. He had injected so much silicon, he couldn't even pee properly. He had to shove, he had to shove a sounding rod down his urethra in order to pee because there was so much pressure on his urethra from all the silicone. He just couldn't do it. Oh my god. God. It was, it was fetish taken just a whole next level, you know, or, or like other crazy stuff is penile bifurcation.


You ever heard about that? It's really, you split it, Right? It's, Yeah, it's where a guy literally sits there and takes a razor blade over several months and just splits the chambers apart. Like It is, it looks like something like that flower. Why does It, is it fold out or something? Like what does it do? Yeah, it like, like folds out, like, looks like some co it almost looks like something from like alien versus Predator. It's Gross. No thanks. Still growth. No thanks. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of those like, I'm, I'm glad I know about this, but that's like brain cancer and that keeps me up at night. Did I really need to know this? Oh yeah. So, so weird stuff. But, but anyway, so after I, I do these injections, I'm like, okay, I can't really keep doing this. So what are some other things that I can try?


What are some other things that I can do? Again, all day chemists, I, I start ordering in Viagra and Cialis. 'cause they were selling it like super cheap. I was like, like a dollar 50 for the blues and like three for the Reds. I was like, shut up and take my money. You know? Yeah. Because you walk up to a pharmacy and they're like, 20 bucks a tub. I was like crazy. No. Yeah. Right. So, so I get, I get Viagra in Cialis and I start experimenting with those And, they're working out pretty damn well. I mean, not quite as well as the injections, but they're doing great. And then, and then it all kind of started falling apart one night. So what a lot of guys do not know about Viagra and Cialis.


Which, which personally, personally it scares me a lot. 'cause you've got services like HIMSS and, and I'm not singling out hims or, you know, any of those like kind of, you know, email prescription basis, you know. 'cause I, I think there's a genuine need for, you know, like reasonable medication costs for, you know, easy access to certain types of drugs. I'm, I'm for that basically with Viagra specifically, not Cialis. Cialis is okay, but Viagra specifically, it can cause a form. It can N-A-O-I-N-I can't remember what that, what that stands for.


But basically you end up with a form of nerve damage in your eyes. What, so what what PDE five inhibitors, the Viagra specifically, what it'll cause is it will cause the pressure inside of your eyes to go down and your eyes actually need a certain level of pressure inside of them in order to oxygen oxygenate those cells to oxygenate your nerve cells. So whenever you're taking Viagra, one of the common side effects guys talk about is Blue Vision. You ever heard of Blue Vision? No. You, you basically end up with blue after images. Now at the beginning, those blue after images, they're not so bad. You barely noticed them, but that's why they're so insidious that that blue showing up is actually your body trying to tell you that your nerves aren't getting enough oxygen, that the nerves in your eyes are actually dying.


Dude. So you, for real, like, you know, you literally, it starts to look like avatar, everything starts looking blue. Yeah. Like anytime you like look away from like, well, okay, so, okay, so you make a good point though. So basically like say you're looking at something and then you look away, you end up with this like, super rich, ultra dark blue after image that makes it almost a Oh, Oh, I see, I see what you're saying. No, I know what you mean. So you look at a thing, you look away and there's still like a, almost like caught in frame in your eyes, the thing you were just looked at, but just like blue. Yeah, A very dark blue. That's crazy. And it just got, and it just proceeded to get worse and worse to the point to where I, to this day, I, I'm, I'm still night blind.


I have a very hard time seeing at night because of it. Damn. And I, and I found out after I stopped it and I flushed all the drugs that it was, they, they first started noticing it over the United Kingdom. I do a lot of business in the United Kingdom for whatever reason. I think maybe it's something in their water. I think they need to have better water treatments. Me and a couple of guys actually traced a chemical leakage from one of the factories, because I had a bunch of customers along this one river. And I was like, this is fucking weird. Why is it all along this one river? What, in the uk? Yeah. Yeah. It was in the United Kingdom. It was, it was basically a, a factory that was not handling their toxic waste properly, And, they were dumping it into the river and was ending up in the water supply.


And it was, it, it was causing some pretty bad vascular side effects that this was like, this was like a year and a half into starting the forum that I started kind of tracking this shit. And I was like, this is, this is, this is kind of fucking weird. What the hell's going on here? And, and me and me and some guys in the, in that particular area of the country started tracking this shit. And we, we nailed it down to that. That's crazy. Yeah. Like I said, I mean, I, I, I talked to guys like, I, I talked to guys all over the world. The, the craziest conversation I ever had was on the planes of Mongolia. And this jo this dude was like jumping up and down in his jeep, trying to keep signal on his satin a like, she's like, hold on, wait a minute.


You know, sticking his phone higher up in the airplane. Like, I, I've had some cool conversations because of this work. I've, I've met so many Cool, kind of like you, I've met so many cool people, you know, so, yeah. Yeah. That's all. And It is one of those things, it's the same thing when people find out what you do, they go, wait, what? And it's like a, it's like a charged subject, you know? People either say, oh, you think you're funny or whatever for you, it's like, oh yeah, I don't need that. It's like, all right bro. Busted out right now. Right, right. Yeah. Put it On the table homes, you know, let's go. So, so you had, so you, you went, you tried all the different types, all the different things. So where did that ultimately take you? What did it all culminate in? It, it, it all, it all culminated in severe erectile dysfunction.


Severe erectile dysfunction. I, I was, I couldn't get, I couldn't keep it up period on the story. Like I would, you know, I would've, at that particular time in my life, I wished I was a two pump jump. I couldn't even keep it hard enough to be a two pump jump, you know? It was, yeah. And how old were you then? I was like mid twenties. Damn. I, so, I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a decently young guy, you know, I shouldn't be having these problems. And I was like, one night, one night I was just kind of sitting on my computer and I was like, you know what? I, I don't even wanna try to get big anymore. I don't wanna try to, I don't wanna try to pursue this anymore. I just wanna return to what I used to be I.


just wanna be able to get it up enough to be, you know, with a girl. So I can be that two pump jump. Like, like, you know, I don't know how much I can cuss on, can I cuss on YouTube? Is That cool? Yeah, you can say whatever you want. Yeah, Yeah. You know, I was like, fuck all with this size shit. I just want to be able to actually have sex again. Yeah. So that's how I, that's how I started looking into this. I was like, instead of trying to grow The, Male, Member, let's, let's just try to figure out how I can get it back to functional. So I started studying blood vessels very, very intensely. And, and I mean, I've been studying them intensely for quite a long period of time, but, but it was the switch in my head from trying to make myself bigger to just making myself functional.


That seemed to open up all the right doors. So you took like a holistic, sorry to cut. You took like a holistic approach rather than like, you know, just like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna grow this at the expense of everything you took like a holistic, that's what it sounds like. I took, Yeah, I took a holistic approach and one of the first things I had come across on this lovely, lovely, lovely website called Library Genesis. It's like the library of Alexandria, of the internet. Like any, any book you could possibly think of, it's probably on there, like hundreds of millions of texts. But you gotta have, you know, a VPN to get to it. But Gotcha. I'd come across this book call.


I was searching on library Genesis. It was, it had been outdated, not a print for a long ass time. It was in German, it was called a Vard Greece something or other, I can't remember. But basically it was, it was about the guy who had discovered the Bayless effect. And William Maddock Bayless, I think is his full name. And He was like, sir William. 'cause I think he got knighted or something like that. Anyway, read his book on the bailiff effect. And it basically talked about how smooth muscles are involuntary. So like, so whenever a smooth muscle is suddenly distended, it, it has these channels on the outside of its cell that will open and close based on distension.


So, so say you've got a cell and it goes like this, it suddenly stretches smooth muscle and it suddenly stretches. You've got these ion gates on the outside of the cell that will open up and will selectively filter in like things like magnesium and calcium. And whenever that calcium comes into contact with these receptors inside of it, it's like this giant electrical storm inside the cell. You actually, when you look at it under a microscope and, and something else, I can't remember the name of it. You see like this, this aura around the cell, it's like static electricity from like a blanket or some shit around the cell. And that's the calcium ions like getting sucked in. And then what creating, oh yeah. It's, it's trippy as hell.


And nitric oxide is involved in the process. Like you need nitric oxide to make it work. They're, they're like, like I've mentioned on YouTube, smooth muscles are like little living engines. They're like little living engines. That's, they're one of the things that keep you alive. They're just little autonomous engines that can stack and work together like Legos or something. They're, they're amazing. It's crazy. I actually was thinking about it this morning in the shower. I'm like, the fact that I have who knows how many cells in my body all working harmoniously blows my mind on a pretty daily basis. It's like, dude, how are these things all working together? It's crazy. So you're saying it's, that's nuts. You, so the various little, like you're saying chambers or like component that, are they like the building blocks of the smooth muscle, these little kind of like you're saying these little engines that kind of expand based on like some sort of electrical signal fill in with the appropriate, you know, calcium, magnesium, blah, blah, blah, nitric oxide.


Oh, I remember endo explode. I took it a couple times working out. Okay. Yeah. Smooth muscles are basically the, the building blocks of the vascular system. They're one, they're, they're, well, I'd call smooth muscles more like the, the, the structural support of the, of the vascular system. But we'll, we'll tie that in. We'll tie that in later. So got done pretty much well digging through that book, using Google Translate, which by the way is horrible. 'cause you could only do like a page, like you could only do like, like three quarters of the page. And this is like a several hundred page book. I, you know, I I basically just, I pretty much, well Google translated which chapters I actually wanted to read and then I would sit there and like slowly begrudgingly work my way through this book, you know, and it's not translating all that great.


Like Google, Google translates great, but some languages it's little, little iffy. Yeah, yeah. Especially what I like, I like to call it the Dark triangle, which is like, relic languages not so great. But, so I dug through that book and I was like, okay, I've got a much better idea of what's going on here. Let's, let's go onto Google Scholar and see what other stuff we can find. And that's when I started learning more about smooth Muscles and endothelial cells and how those two relate. And then I would go back to Library Genesis to try and find some other manuals on that particular topic. And then I pretty much took that as far as I could. And I was like, I need to get ahold of much more UpToDate stuff.


And basically with the money I was making from, you know, doing odd jobs and stuff, like personal training, did that for a while. I was pretty much, well throwing it at like research hubs, like L Cyber and GitHub and l Cyber is the only one that's really coming to mind right now that they're expensive. But I was Pretty much, they're super, those things are super expensive. Usually schools like subsidize those because they're, they're just, Yeah, I actually, I what? No bullshit. I actually went to college just so I can get ahold of their either research manual. You got a degree in sociology, but I mean, I went to college just so I get access to the free shit. I was like, Great idea.


It's probably cheaper. Honestly. It was, it was genuinely cheaper. 'cause like a a 24 to 48 hour window, a renting a 24 to 48 hour window of renting, I could set you back like two to 300 bucks. Man. Crazy. So like, if, if you're, yeah, so if you're like digging into like, you know, a pretty complicated topic and like the new UpToDate stuff, your, your, your piggy bank might start out, you know, fat and, you know, fat and fluffy. It ain't gonna stay that way. It's gonna look like sad and deflated, you knows. Not good Beast. That's said. Absolutely be smooth. Yeah. So I, so I went to college. I, I had gone pre-med initially, but some family complications had gotten in the way in that I had to drop outta the pre-med program.


I was at another college and I had ended up having to roll all that into a sociology degree, which at the time I was just like so upset about. But you know, I kept with the self-study, you know, abused the research hubs that they had access to and stuff and kept the ball rolling. And that was when I started learning about a phrase that I'd never really heard before. I'd never heard before, before this particular time in my life. You know, that, that switch I was talking about from going from trying to get myself bigger to going to how you mentioned the holistic approach, and that was the term arterio genesis.


And that's, that's where it all started. Like everything was kind like a steady climb in terms of my knowledge. But the moment I learned about Arterio Genesis, it was just like, like a rocket. It was just a rocket. So with Arterio Genesis It is, it got its start in like the 1940s, 1950s. And before that they had like really tenuous amounts of knowledge, like kind of, kind of scant knowledge about it with like deer antlers. So what some of these, like burgeoning researchers and scientists would do is they would, they would, they pretty much will butcher the heads of these deer, these, these deer that were still alive.


They'd like sit in there and go inside their skull and stuff and like, like cut off like certain blood vessels and stuff to see if it would affect how their antlers would grow. Yeah. And you know, they'd find like one antler would grow a little bit more than the other, and they're like, oh, okay, so like cutting this blood vessel actually causes something, you know? And then they'd come back to that deer, you know, a year later whenever the antlers had fallen off or something like that. And look at again, it's like, oh, hey, those blood vessels have grown back. Or, you know, or it's like the, these, these antlers are growing at the same rate again. And that was like 18 hundreds, you know? So it really got its start, you know, 1940s, 1950s. And then by the 1960s they were gaining a lot of traction.


They, it was, they were looking for alternative means of therapy for people that were having heart disease. You know, how they, how they could get these, you know, these working class people back up to snuff, back up to speed without having to send them to these expensive clinics or having to prescribe them medication, which back then, you know, had all kinds of egregious side effects. They needed something better. So they had pretty much had just started putting people on treadmills, you know, like getting, you know, working, doing aerobic exercise and stuff like that. And, and what they were discovering was, was that aerobic exercise was effectively causing blood vessels to grow. And by this point in time, they really didn't know about it. They had some ideas about it, but they didn't really know it.


1940s, 1950s, this is a totally new concept that aerobic exercise caused blood vessels to grow. And there was, there was a schism there, there was this great, great schism that happened in the medical industry around this time, around this particular topic. Some researchers were saying, you know, it's, it's hypoxia. It's the lack of oxygen tissues that are causing these blood vessels to grow. And then a much, and it, and it was, it was a much smaller voice, a much smaller grouping of researchers. It was like, well, hold on, what if it's not hypoxia? What if it's actually, what if it's actually blood flow itself that's causing blood vessels to grow?


What if it, what if it's what if it's the change in the rate of blood flow? And their hypothesis was that it wasn't hypoxia, it was actually the friction of blood against the vascular walls that was causing this. Oh Jesus. All right. But that's new. It, was it making like new capillaries and all that stuff? Or it was just expanding arteries? Well, It, it, it was doing both. So it was making, it was making the existing vascular system larger and it was making the walls thicker, but it was also causing capillary beds to form new capillary beds. This, it was causing, causing tissue growth. It was causing actual tissue growth. And, they were, they were so divided on what, what was causing that.


Well co you know, fast forward, you know, it's, it's modern times. It's like, you know, 2000, you know, 2010 plus, you know, several, several decades later, you know, I'm coming into the scene learning about this and I get to see the, this historical, you know, process play out. Even now, even now going on to like, you know, research hubs, you're gonna see more stuff about hypoxia causing vascular growth than you will sheer stress. Whi which is what that was that blood friction, that that the speed, the rate of blood flow through a channel causes irritation and causes friction against that vascular wall.


That's what's known as sheer stress. And that's hypoxia. That's hypoxia you're saying. So the friction of blood flow against the vascular wall, that's called shear stress. Okay. And whenever you're like exercising super duper hard and you like run outta steam, you know, it's like no matter how much you want to go, it's like you just can't, you can't lift that weight again. You, you, you can't run and, you know, walk another step. You're like just dead tired. That would be an example of hypoxia. Gotcha. And, and blood vessels can grow from hypoxia, which is kind of, which is kind of how that schism happened, right? 'cause they knew, they already had research on the topic that hypoxia could cause vascular growth. The problem is, is that it's a panic reaction.


It's more of a panic reaction than It is, than It is a go-to for vascular growth. Whenever, whenever, whenever oxygen content in a particular area of the body starts to drop, the half lives of certain growth factors goes up because they're reacting to oxygen, which makes her half-life go down. When you have a, a low oxygen environment, the half lives of these growth factors extends quite a bit. Like a great example would be like VEGF. If you're exposing VEGF to oxygen and oxygen rich environment, healthy tissues, it's got a half-life of like two to three hours.


But in a low oxygen environment it's like eight plus hours. So they, they were not wrong in their assumptions, they were not, the research they were doing around that time wasn't wrong, but it just wasn't the body's main go-to makes sense causing bad growth. It wasn't the best way too, like functionally it's like, well yeah, if you're like redlining your body for art to grow your arteries and stuff, it's probably not the best move. Right? Right. It's not the best move. It's not the body's main go-to sheer stress was, but, so anyway, with arterio genes, this, this idea of blood friction causing vascular growth, you know, what is, what is involved in that?


And I'll go ahead and I'll go ahead and break down arterio genes as much as I can. And then we're gonna use that as a stepping stone for kind of what I'm doing now today. So whenever you have someone engaging in an aerobic exercise, you've got blood that is moving through the vascular channels faster than normal. Now the first reaction to your body, to this blood friction, to the sheer stress is an increase in nitric oxide from your endothelial cells. Your endothelial cells have these little hairs, it's almost like grass, like you ever seen, like a wide open field and you saw a breeze roll through and you watch the grass like blow and wave endothelial cells have the exact same thing and lion the endothelial cells line your blood vessels and off of those endothelial cells are like, these are, it's like grass almost.


It's these little hairy protrusions. And whenever they get tilted so much by blood flow going through a channel at a certain rate, it, it causes an activation of these internal mechanisms inside the endothelial cells that causes them to release nitric oxide. And the vascular channel widens, and a lot of guys know this, It is like, you know, getting the vasal pump, getting the muscle pump, you know, it's like raw, you know, it's like, check out my pump right now, you know that most guys know It is that the other is, you know, say with aerobic exercise, you know, I'm sure you've done some treadmill work and you're like, you're looking down and your veins are really sticking out. You know, you're like, man, I feel like, like, like I got like a roadmap going on. This feels great.


Yeah, yeah. That right So, that would be an example of the nitric oxide release. But now say, set you up the rate you up the rate of blood flow, even more past a point to where the nitric oxide release isn't enough to really pull back the sheer stress on that arterial wall. And, and, and we're gonna start an arteries first here. So let's say the blood, the blood passing through that arterial channel, you've already released nitric oxide, you've already widened it, but the level of sheer stress on those endothelial cells, it's still too great. What does the body do?


Then? The endothelial cells then begin to release a growth factor called vascular endothelial growth factor, specifically vascular endothelial growth factor subtype, bbb. Whenever VEGF gets released, it, it releases from the endothelial cells and it kind of becomes like this cloud and the vascular channel. And it causes an increase in dilation, both ascending and descending. It causes like this domino ripple effect. And you get that from basically prolonged aerobic exercise. Like you get the nitric oxide release, say in a general workout within the first five to 10 minutes.


But say you continue that aerobic exercise for another 30 to 45 minutes, you know, when you cap out in like a 45 minute session, within the first five to 10 minutes, nitric oxides already done its work. Now your body's beginning to release VEGF to cause not just a greater level of vasodilation, but to also begin to super compensate. Just like in bodybuilding, you know how, like if you max out your muscles and you're kind of like breaking 'em down a little bit, your body's basically setting the stage for super compensation for your blood vessels to grow So. that way, if it ever comes across that level of sheer stress, again, the blood vessels are wider, they're thicker, they can, they can work so much better So. That way you can engage in that level of aerobic exercise.


Again, think about it, you know, think about how humanity would've made it this far if we couldn't, you know, outrun the things that were trying to eat us, like lions and tigers and shit like that. Imagine if, you know, like those little ble moves way back in the jungles, like, oh, You are away. You, you're fucked. You're just dead. So your, your body has to have some way to, to super compensate, some way to adapt to that kind of, that kind of a stimulus, that kind of a, you know, potentially life-threatening situation. So it releases BEGF subtype bb, and it's, it's just, it's in its name, vascular endothelial growth factor. What it will cause is it will cause your endothelial cells to begin to proliferate to increase in number.


And what they'll start to do is as they start increasing in number, they start to burrow out into the vascular walls. They start to form these little transient micro channels. Really trippy stuff. Yeah. It's like these, it's like these little fingers that'll kind of grow out into the extracellular matrix. It's almost like if you looked at your blood vessel. So blood vessels themselves are kind of like a mesh. They're not really a uniform tube, they're more like a mesh. And the endothelial cells will grow through these mesh to form like little hairs that stick out in the end extracellular matrix. And they'll begin releasing those v that VEGF further into those little micro channels and that process, say, okay, so tying in bodybuilding Sure.


Tying in experience, right? Bringing it to the forefront here. So most people are gonna recommend, you know, you're exercising, like say you go to the gym, you do a workout, you're gonna take like anywhere between one to two days rest before you work those muscles again. Well, it's kind of like aerobic exercise a little bit, but that's something you have to do all the time. So let's say you run super hard in that treadmill. You, you know, you, you kind of push yourself pretty good for those 30 to 45 minutes. Well, I mean, what do you gotta do? You gotta walk out to your car, you gotta walk at work. You gotta, you know, walk here, walk there. You gotta walk around the store to, you know, go get groceries. You keep, you keep your blood flow up, but you lower the level that you're doing it at.


You're not trying to, you're not trying to like, you know, punch at the ceiling. You're just trying to maintain, you know, a steady rate here. So you've got your intense workout, and then you've got steady state throughout the day. When you combine those two, you're basically helping to maintain those transient channels. And that's why I call, Oh, okay, that makes sense. Right? So these endothelial cells will sell out these, these little hairy fingers into the ECM, the extracellular matrix during these intense bouts of exercise and then your steady state aerobic exercise throughout the day, basically, you know, work, you know, doing your job, you know, walking through the store, stuff like that.


And then, So just to stop, this is what, I don't know if you've ever been to been to orange theory. This is their whole thing. It's like you work out your heart rate on a board with all the other people, And, they, you get splat points every time you're in, I think 80, 85% of your cardiac output, if you're in that zone from 85 to 180 five's like orange. If you get to 90, it becomes red. But if you do that for 13 minutes of the hour long workout, they say you get, they just call it like an after burn effect where like you're, you burn hundreds of more calories just because you hit that sustained output for third. And it sounds like what you're talking about, you get your body to like a red line state and through your like, more steady state activities throughout the day, your body's, like you were saying, just trying to maintain all these little connections you made pretty cool, right?


Yeah. Your, your, your metabolic rate goes up because your body after that intense workout, it's trying to super compensate. It's trying to adapt to what you've done to it. So of course, your metabolic rate is going to go up and all of this is gonna tie in together really, really beautifully. So, so after you've, you've made these little hairs, these little feelers, that's not the end of the process. There's an additional step where shit just gets absolutely crazy. So once you've got these feelers in place, you go to do your next workout after you've done your steady state, you know, just Do, You Know just live in your life. When you go to do the, the subsequent exercise, you know, a day, two days later and you re-expose your vascular channels and these little feelers to additional sheer stress, they start releasing a different growth factor.


They release what's known as platelet de platelet derived growth factor PDGF. Now, PDGF is pivotal because It is not a growth factor for endothelial cells. It's a growth factor for smooth muscle cells. Whoa. And what it will do is it will release PDGF out into these little feelers and smooth muscles. They're like little living engines, but in this particular case, they're also kinda like bloodhounds sniffing out a blood trail. They're like, I smell growth factor. I smell the thing that's gonna make me bigger. I smell my next meal. And so these smooth muscles will start kind of wiggling around and they'll start breaking down their, their, their structural support.


So remember how I was saying that smooth muscles are kind of like the structure of a blood vessel? So what smooth muscles will do is once they've kind of gotten themselves cemented into a structure, once they've got themselves in place, they'll begin releasing collagen. They'll start making these collagenous sheaths around themselves to hold them in place, but also to give the structure that they're in more integrity. Well, whenever they start to sense this PDGF, they start to break down that collagen themselves, and then they begin to migrate, they, they begin to migrate from the outer walls of a vascular system towards the channel, towards the internal channel.


Damn So that, that's like more of those deeper structures you're talking about that these other techniques don't really affect. Well, well, like I said, we're getting into that. We'll, we'll get into that. Okay. So, so you get, So what were you talking about? Huh? So what, what did you mean by they mi Where are they migrating towards? Okay, so, so say you've got a tube, right? Endothelial cells are existing inside the tube, right? And then smooth muscles are existing in the wall of the tube. So what the smooth muscles will do is they'll start mar migrating from the walls of that tube more towards the inside, and they'll get, they'll get like right up under these, these smooth muscles that migrate.


They'll get like, right, right next to those endothelial cells and these endothelial cells that are, you know, in the, in the main bulk of the channel, they're just pushing out PDGF and just like waves, just big, big clouds. And these smooth muscles are just bathing in this growth factor. And they're proliferating, they're increasing a number. They're growing because they're being bathed in these growth factors by endothelial cells. And something that we know from studying, like the cardiovascular system, like people that say that have heart disease, they have this thing called, what's that called?


Camp internal, internal inward remodeling. So in Arterio Genesis, you have outward remodeling and heart disease. You have inward remodeling. What basically happens is, in the case of heart diseases, you have these smooth muscles migrating inward and it's causing the channel to temporarily narrow. It's forming what's known as a neointimal layer of smooth muscles just underneath this layer of endothelial cells. Because the, the process of arterio genes gets halted because you don't have someone that's engaging in steady state. You know, they're living a sedentary life or they're not engaging in regularly enough in aerobic exercise.


So they get, and we're remodeling because the arteriogenic process is being halted. But let's say it's not halted. Let's say you've got somebody that's actually engaging in steady state. You've got somebody engaging in regular aerobic exercise. Once these smooth muscles start to proliferate, they start to form that neointimal layer. Yes, the channel will temporarily narrow, but that's when the true magic starts to happen. When you have somebody who has a healthy lifestyle. Those channels, remember those feelers I was telling you about, those hairs that pok poking the ECM, what they start to do is the, the endothelial cells on the internal part of the channel, they'll begin to ramp down how much PDGF they produce.


And then the, the little feelers out here will ramp up how much PDGF they're producing to cause these increased amount of smooth muscles to migrate back out into the walls. And then you end up with a channel that begins to widen, but the walls are also thicker. And because you've also maintained those feelers, you have increased capillary bed density as well. You have actual factual structural growth. Here you have, you have verifiable growth. You have growth. You can actually see, you know, when you like look down a microscope, you can see this channel's bigger. You can see the capillary bed density has gone up.


So I was like, coming from, from the guy who's, yeah, so coming from the guy who has erectile dysfunction, I was like, holy fucking shit, how can I apply this? Like, holy shit, how can I, how can I, how can I take advantage of this, this arterio genesis? And I hit a wall, I hit a big ass wall because there's not many books written about the vascular system of The, Male, Member. There's just not why. So I had to do, i, there, there's a lot on like the cosmetic end of things. Like, you know, say like soldiers that have had like an IED And, they have to put like their, you know, their junk back together, right? There's a lot of surgery manuals, but there's not too many vascular models.


But I, I did eventually find some of the knowledge I needed studying surgical manuals. And then even more kind of studying the, the philosophy of sex itself.


The best way to learn a language immersion, living where the language is spoken and using it every day. But if that's not in the cards this year, you can still learn a language the second best way. And that's with Babel. Don't pay hundreds of dollars for private tutors or waste hours on apps that don't really help you speak the language. Babel's quick 10 minute lessons are handcrafted by over 200 language experts to help you start speaking a new language in as little as three weeks babel's designed by real people for real conversations. I honestly might start doing this with Maya. My daughter, for some reason, burns with the passion to learn Spanish. She wants to know everything I say. She's like, well, how do you say that in Spanish? I'm like, bro, I don't fucking know. But I might actually start doing babble with my daughter and see I'll, I'll let her do Spanish and see if it works. I, I think it actually does work. I've, I've studies from Yale, Michigan State University, and others continue to prove babble is better. One study found that using Babbel for 15 hours is equivalent to a full semester at college. Babel has over 16 million subscriptions sold. Plus all of Babel's 14 award-winning language courses are backed by their 20 day money back guarantee. There you go. Here's a special limited time deal for our listeners right now, get up to 60% off your Babbel subscriptions, but only for our listeners at babble.com/drenched. Get up to 60% off babel.com/drenched. Spelled B-A-B-B-E-L-I dunno why I got all fucking sassy with that. B-A-B-B-E l.com/drenched rules and restrictions may apply.


I did that. Booie, I-N-D-E-E-P,


our next sponsor needs no introduction. You've seen the ads, you've heard us talk about it a million times and I bet there's a big part of you, pun intended, that wants to try it. What am I talking about, blue Chew. That's right. This isn't your grandpa's blue pill. This is the one, the OG chewable tablet for sex for better sex, I should say. 'cause You're Harder. Blue Chew is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra, but at a fraction of the cost and in a chewable form, the process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers, and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. I've heard it works really well. Again, for the time being, I still get hard as fucking hell. But I'm sure these things for everyone, everyone I've ever talked to about these says they do steal you up, obviously using 'em responsibly Blue true tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office, no awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead and be ready. Whenever an opportunity arises, Bre wants you to have better sex, discover your options@bluechew.com. Blue Chew wants the entire country rock hard. They told me that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house till every tent is pitched, till every road is raised, till every rod is raised. Discover your options@bluechew.com. That's pretty noble. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try BlueChew FREE, when you use our promo code DRENCHED at checkout. Okay, just pay $5 for shipping. That's blue chew.com promo code drenched To receive your first month free Blue visit blue chew.com for more details and important safety information. We thank Blue Chew for sponsoring the podcast.


In a world of slot reels and blackjack deals comes the must play event of the summer from DraftKings Casino featuring nonstop action in an all star cast of games, including Alister, loki's Luck this summer. Blockbuster is the one you won't wanna miss. Plus, new players can get $100 instantly in casino credits with just $1 wager. And all players get a blockbuster bonus every week. So sign up with the code secret and grab your popcorn. It's Showtime on DraftKings casino gambling problem. Call one eight. We're we're glad you're here. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit www.one 800 gambler.net and Connecticut. Help us available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 plus physically present in Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario eligibility and other restrictions. Applied. New customers only $1 wager to earn $100 in non withdrawal casino credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/blockbuster.


Hey guys, I have to give you this quick update about my standup comedy shows I'll be in San Jose at, or I'll be at the San Jose Improv on August 1st through August 3rd. Standup Live Phoenix, Arizona. Portland, Oregon, hel Helium Comedy Club Philadelphia. Just added a couple new shows at Helium. Also, the big ones are Capital One, Tysons Hall. Let's you know, let's, let's not make a big full of myself there. It's a big theater and town hall, New York for the New York Comedy Festival. Please get all your tickets@membercusper.com slash dates. There's other cities up there too, Boston, the Wilbur, blah, blah, blah, Cleveland, Providence, all that stuff. Milwaukee. That's, that's all of 'em, actually. So come on now.


Bye Mike. I kind of, I kind of became a philosopher of that and la And I, I'd like for you to elaborate on that also. Is this still while you're in school for sociology? Yeah, I'm doing all this. That's fucking So. that fucking, that's so wild, dude. And you said, did you just keep all this stuff to yourself or are you, like, were you talking to people about this stuff? Or like, how did you I, I'd try, I'd try to talk to guys about it, but it's kind of like you were saying, you were like, You are like, oh, you don't have that problem. You know, It is like, I'll see you later. You know, it was one of those Yeah, for Sure. For sure. And you know, I I kind of got encouraged by that along the ways, you know? Yeah. I mean, yeah, you know, up, up close in person, like in the big groups, you know, the guys would push back at me, but it would always be at the tail end of the night.


You know, say I was at a party, I'd end up chilling with the boys and it'd be, they'd just ask me about it. You know, like, tell me more about this, you know, you know about this, you know, I took advantage of the course, you know, things that we have available to us, which is, you know, this synonymous PornHub, you know, I've, you know, as any guy, I'll tell you, you know, like, you're gonna, you're gonna spend so many hours of your life on PornHub, it's just gonna happen for sure. But instead of me being the guy, you know, you know, holding my junk in my hand doing one of these, I'm sitting there with like a pad and paper, you know, like watching, like, okay, so what's this going, what's this doing?


And I, I started watching videos specifically of like, I, I tried to get to the heart of the philosophy of sex in The Male Member member by studying instances where procreation was most likely to happen. How, how, how adaptations could be passed on over time. How, how a structure could form over the centuries, the millennia ba based on who is actually getting a chance to procreate. And so I started studying females, you know, females are basically the ones that are helping guys, you know, propagate themselves, you know, making the next generation of males.


So I started studying female sexuality, how females move during a sexual encounter when they are pursuing orgasm. And so I just started watching videos, you know, of like, you know, cowgirl girl on top type motion, you know, type, type videos and, and yeah. You know, not, you know, it's not, I'm not sitting there with my dick in my hands. I'm sitting there with a notepad and paper in my hands, you know, like, okay, so like, what, what's going on here? And this Is most impressive part of this, by the way. The fact that you're able to do that. Yeah. Sitting there, I mean, oh, don't get me wrong. I mean, it was like so tempted to just sit there and, you know, beat without really fast. I was like, no, no, no, I gotta stay on Televis. I mean, unbelievable. And then, so you were studying, you wanted to see, and and why did you study that specifically?


I wanted to study it because there was, there was something inside of me. There was this little voice telling me that that was where the answer lied. That was where the answer to my problems lied. So I started, I started looking at how females moved in these positions where they're the sexual aggressor when they wanted to go towards orgasm. Because without getting, you know, too deep into the thicket here, whenever female's orgasm, there's, there's a greater, a much greater likelihood of procreation actually happening, of the semen actually making it to where it needs to go. Get to the egg baby happens. So I was like, how, how are these females moving?


And it was like this undulation the way that they would move whenever they were pursuing orgasm, it was the way that they would tilt their hips coming down, going up. They would tilt back whenever they were squatting down on the guy, and then they would tilt towards the guy, like towards his head whenever they were rising up. And I was like, What, the Fuck is that, what are you doing? What kind of like primordial dance are you doing right now that it's like, I know the answers there What. the Fuck is that, and so I was, I was like, I, I gotta, I gotta dig into these research manuals more. I gotta figure out what the fuck's going on here. So I started looking at pelvic anatomy at the blood vessels in a male's pelvis.


And what I, what I figured out was that The, Male Member was supplied off the aortic forks that go down into your legs. So you've got the main aortic trunk, right? And then you've got these forks that go down into your legs. Well, in the pelvis you've got these other ones that are called the iliac arteries. They're like these little offshoot, well, actually they're pretty large offshoots that feed, you know, the, the tissue masses in your pelvic girdle. And then off of the iliacs you've got the internal iliacs. Now the internal iliacs, that's where the story gets interesting. 'cause the internal iliacs are the ones that feed The, Male, Member. And it's got three branches that come off of it.


Three of them. And you've got an internal iliac on each fork, so they're a mirror of each other. So you've got three forks on either side off this iliac. You've got the, you've got the bulb urethral artery, which, which feeds your corpus spongiosum. You've got the deep cavernous artery that feeds the main cavernosum. And then you've got the third one, which is the deep dorsal artery. And you, and as you, as you use the methodology to come up with, you can actually see that deep dorsal artery gets so fat. It's like ropes on the side of your dick, man. It's just fucking cool what it's like, it's, it's, it's, it's like ropes and you can actually use that to track deeper internal growth of the vascular structures.


But again, we, we've gotta get into the whole hemodynamic thing here. Like I said, I'm, yeah, please, I'm, I'm gonna give you as much details and stuff you wanna work with. So, so I got looking at like, what is, what are, so we've got females that are engaging in like this primordial dance whenever they're pursuing orgasm. And I know that orgasm, whenever that happens, you've got a much higher chance of procreation. So females have been causing male structures, male sexual structures to adapt to this dance over time in order to, to work. Because like, say that that girl, you know, that woman, she's sitting there doing her dance, doing her thing, and your dick's going soft.


Y you, you know, Mac babies, you know, Mac babies, you know, procreate, you don't have kids, you know, so, yeah. So like the guy, the guys that have these structures in place that kind of match up with this dance, those genes are being passed on. They're, they're being adapted, they're growing, they're, they're improving in their efficiency. So I knew that somewhere in my genetics right now through, you know, however many centuries or millennia of evolution ha have, have adapted to this dance. So I was like, so, so the female is pulling her pelvis towards me. Like say, you know, you've got a girl riding on top, her pelvis is pulling towards me. It's, it's her vaginal wall is dragging on that spongiosum Now, where's that blood going?


It's getting pushed up into the glands now. Where the fuck is it going from there? Where is it going? It's going out your deep dorsal vein that rides along the very middle of your sponge, of your cavern nole chambers. So you've got like, the chambers are kind of oval shaped. And then in this group, between the two chambers, you've got the deep dorsal vein. So it's going through the spongiosum into the glands, and then it's exiting through the deep dorsal vein. And I was like, all right, I'm close. I know I'm close to the answer here. So I was like, how, how can I mimic these motions? How can I mimic this primordial dance?


I'm seeing women engage in, and I just tried to come up with different hand exercises, and most of 'em are failing until I started coming up with what I've got on my subreddit now, which are the anion methods. The first thing I started doing is I started rubbing the deep dorsal vein. I started trying to pull blood through that vascular circuit, what I refer to as the bulbo dorsal circuit bulbo urethral arteries feeding up through the spongiosum bulbo. So dorsal circuit that didn't work out so well, stimulating just the veins. What I found out is they would collapse because of how they're designed.


Once you, once you try to pull blood through them, they'll just kind of collapse on you. They don't, it, it didn't work out so well. So I was like, well, what about if I tried pushing blood up into my glands and then squeezing it and then firing it down the deep dorsal vein. That worked a little bit better. That worked a little bit better, but I still wasn't quite encapsulating it. And then one night I was like, why don't I just sit here and take my fingers and I'll make like this, you know, undulating circular motion and I'll just continually push blood up into my glands and out that dorsal vein just to stimulate this circuit I've discovered. And that was when the magic started happening. That was, so I'd started to see a little bit of potency. So I was getting, like, I was getting, I was getting encouraged because I knew I was on the right path.


But I could tell it was so inefficient. But once I had started rolling my fingers up the spongiosum to push blood up into my glands, that's when my erectile potency just started going and going and going and going and going After. And the spongiosum, sorry, lemme stop you right there. So everyone knows that's the bottom part. That's like the, That's the soft, squishy part that's around your urethra. Okay. But if you're like, if this is coming off your body, this would be the spongiosum part, and this would be like the top that's like you're looking down at, and this is like the underbelly, basically. Yep. Okay. Yep. I knew as soon as it spongiosum, I'm like, I know exactly what I could just tell, I knew instinctually what that was So that you're saying, that undulating circular movement sends it up through the glands, the tip, then back down to the side veins, and then where does it go from there Again, It basically goes back into your heart.


It goes back picture Into the red of the picture. Oh, so it just, those three things, mid the bottom part glands straight down through the side dorsal veins. Yeah. You're, you're basically, you're just, you're just stimulating a, a, a small portion of your vascular system. You're basically causing blood flow to speed up in one particular, you know, area branches within the vascular system. And your body's just kind of absorbing that, doing its own thing. You're, you're, you're basically doing targeted cardio. Just targeted cardio. That's really all you're doing here. Yeah. But say if you have somebody engaging in aerobic exercise, you know, living, living their best life, you have to remember that if you're exposing your entire body to higher levels of sheer stress, and it's releasing clouds of these growth factors into the vascular system itself, you can actually, you can, you can basically, you can cause the process to just explode.


You can, you can ramp up the efficiency of these exercises so much more. It, you could think of the angio methods as a polisher to a, a, you know, a good aerobic exercising. Gotcha. All, all you're, all you're doing is you're basically, you're basically taking advantage of all the growth factors that get made throughout your body, throughout your vascular system, through general aerobic exercise. And then you're targeting it. Because whenever you cause that sheer stress, whenever you cause sheer stress through a, a vascular channel, you're increasing the receptor counts in that given area. You're allowing more growth factors to attach to these receptors that have formed.


And you're able to speed up the process of the vascular growth within a, within a small portion of the vascular tree. So, so I started experimenting with what I call the vaon anion method 3.0. And my potency just went through the roof, like super physiological woody waking up with morning wood every single day. I'm stubbed as hell. And and you were mentioning earlier on how, like proper hydration, you know, a calm state and, and then you wrap it. And that would be an example of a healthy lifestyle. You know, you're, you're keeping your stress levels low, you're staying hydrated.


That's a healthy lifestyle. The NGM methods are just in addition to that healthy lifestyle. They're a way to make that a little bit, a little bit more productive for you. So I, you know, I'm not just waking up with these great morning woods. I'm, I'm staying like heavily chugged throughout the day. Like, like, you know, I looks like, looks like some fucking little like, arm holding goddamn apple, man. I'm just, I'm fucking chugged damn, damn feeling great. I'm a fire. Like, I'm like, oh Mean dude. How happy were you when you figured this, this must have been crazy. Oh my God. I was, I was, I was past the moon happy. I I wanted to shout this from the rooftops, which I tried to do on re or on YouTube. First I have a YouTube channel there. And then I was like, I gotta get this out.


I, I've gotta get, I've got to let guys know that, you know, you don't gotta take an injection, you don't gotta take a pill in order to get your potency back. And, and so I started seeing a return, I started seeing a return to the potency that I had lost from all of these, you know, terrible PE exercises that I engaged in over time. All these different experiments that I put myself through, I was, oh my God, thank God I finally have my manhood back. I I can finally be that two pump jump if I want to. You know? I mean, it's amazing. That's amazing. You went that deep into it. Literally. I mean, it's like you lost it, dude, and then you somehow resuscitated it back bigger, better than ever.


I mean, bro, what a few could do that. That's ama that's amazing. Yeah. I, I, one of my subscribers calls me the, the wounded healer. E exactly. I had to get wounded first to figure out how to heal other people. You know, It's the hero's journey. You got the hero's, I was literally just talking about this today. You got the hero's wound and it, and you, it literally gave you the knowledge to give to the world, which is crazy, dude. So that. So where are you at now with this? How, what do you do? Do you have like a device? Like what do you, how do you, what do you do? And did you patent this thing, by the way? Like, what do you, It it's kind of hard to patent it because it's considered to be just a generic peristaltic pump. But I've got that Big s thing, got like a mill there, got lathes behind me over here.


Like I, I've got basically a whole, you know, machine shop for like, working plastic and stuff. So you, so you're asking me like, what did I do with that? I I actually got talking about some of the stuff with a good buddy of mine, someone who knew about my journey and whatnot. And It is kind of going through similar struggles. And He was like, why don't you look up peristaltic pumps, man? Why don't you look up how those work? And it was like, the very first time I'd ever seen like a gif of a peristaltic pump. It was that same fucking motion. It was the same shit I was doing with my fingers, but they were using rollers instead of fingers. I was like, I was like, oh my God, I've got to make this thing, I've got to make this, I have to make this.


But at this point in time in my life, I was a researcher. I wasn't a craftsman. I fucking sucked at this shit, man. The first, the first, the first angio wheel I ever made, it was like this, like, like, it was just shitty as hell, man. Like the, the cast wheels are all wonky. The, the pieces of wood I was using were all like, boat and fucked up and shit. But I got to use it and I got to see what it could be. 'cause when I started experimenting with this rough, as it was poorly crafted as it was, I started seeing my potency go up even more and even more and even more. And I was like, I, I didn't know what to do with it.


I just, I, as an i I wasn't in an entrepreneurial mindset. I was still in a researcher mindset. And then this dude, this guy, I will, David, if you're watching this, I am forever gonna be thankful for you if you happen to watch this. I'm thankful for you. This, this economist up in Maine who had, you know, quite a bit of money, just kind of sitting around looking for something to do with it. He was like, he reached out to me through one of the forums I was a part of at the time. And He was like, I will pay you to make this for me. And, and I hesitated. I was like, I, I'm not, I'm not that good of a craftsman, man. I just, I just made this thing. I have no, I have no experience making things like, I don't care.


I want you to make this for me. You give me a figure north of like 150, I'll pay it right on the spot. Just like that. I was like, I kind of sat on it for a while. I was like, I, I, you know, I was ever planning on making money on this. I was really big into trying to give it away to the world. I was really big on trying, you know, trying to give this answer. 'cause I know so many guys out there struggle with erectile dysfunction. I know the side effects of the drugs. I know the dangers. I know the hazards. So I wanted, I wanted to give guys an alternative, a holistic alternative. So I So that. There was this part inside of me that was wrestling with trying to monetize on this. I just didn't wanna do it. And He was like, just do it. Make me something.


So I made him, I made him the second angio wheel I'd ever made, and I mailed it to him. And like, he even asked me, well, like, sign it and autograph it and stuff like this. So I did awesome. And, and life kind of happened around that particular point in time. My mom, my mom got really sick around the same time. She got really, really sick. And we were having, we were having a really hard time paying medical bills and paying for like gas bills and stuff. Just getting her back and forth in the hospital. And I had no other real options. I, I had graduated college, I had a bachelor's degree in sociology, the job market that was saturated.


I had, I had bunches of job interviews lined up. They were all falling through. I was like, I gotta, I gotta figure out some way to make money now in order to get her through this, this rough time in her life. And so I started in Etsy and I, I told the fan base I'd already built up on YouTube and read it about, you know, hey, I'm, I'm gonna start selling this device. And it just took off like wildfire. The very first sale I ever ran, I made $8,300. Awesome. Yeah. Just like right there on the spot. And I took the lion's share of that and I used it for my mom's medical bills and to get her to and from her doctor's appointments.


But what I had left over, I started investing into machinery into a proper shop. And as the money just kept rolling in I just kept trying to invest more and more into it. And you kind of mentioned Trump, you know, like stuff that happened. I actually made a posting on my subreddit about that not too long ago. I got my start under the Trump administration because he, because of his business policies, because of how, how strong of a hand he put on, you know, the, the economy in general. Food prices went down, gas prices went down. Business was booming, especially international trade. International trade was booming.


What I discovered was I had an enormous fan base in Europe, esp specifically United Kingdom, Germany, France, Denmark, Sweden stuff, you know, places like that. And so a lot of the sales I was seeing were coming from overseas. That was, that was a big bulk of the money I'd initially made. So I just kind of doubled down. And I, I had never really done anything international before. So I had to, I had to do a lot of learning with that. But I started selling more and more and I started getting better and better at making sales. Funny fact on that one, just real quick, just a quick little blurb. I do a lot of goddamn business with California.


Really? I do a lot of business with a porn tree. Oh my god. I do a lot of business. I have, I have not shaken the hand of porn stars, but I have sent more than a few devices to speak. I've done that. No, no bullshit. Like that's crazy. Yeah, I've had, I've had some porn starts reach out and be like, bro, you my man. I was like, alright, because they're doing, they're doing the drugs too, you know. Yeah. They, they don't wanna sit there and reject shit in their dick. So they could do that senior, they just wanna like go in there like a champion, like, all right man, I can pump this out. You know, I got this. Yeah, that's amazing. See a lot of business with the porn industry out in California. That was, that was the main thing. Like, it was international, international sales, California.


That was like the bulk of my sales. California. That's crazy. And then the, then the rest of the states, you know, started kind of coming in as, as my research, you know, got off the ground as people started word of mouth, you know, talking about me and stuff. And I had gotten I just gotten better and better. I started out making devices out of wood and wood's a great medium. Wood's cheap, but wood warps, wood is prone to cracking wood is prone to all kinds of structural issues. So I was like, how can I do it better? And so I started doing plastic and, sorry, I kind of got my baby girl's crib right there. 'cause we're storing 'cause we're kind of remodeling upstairs.


Yep, yep. But can you see that big ass white thing in the corner there? Yeah. What is that So? that is, that is half of a 500 pound slab of plastic. What? Yeah, an eight foot by four foot slab of plastic. I, I will buy plastic like rod stock and plate in big ass bulk numbers and So. that way I can offer guys a reasonable rate. 'cause like, I mean, yeah, I'm a businessman and yes, I need to make money at the end of the day. 'cause I also got a family. I've got, I've got two kids and my wife probably doesn't want me to say this, but I got a third one on the way. God Damn dude. Congrats. That's awesome. Thank you.


Thank you. That's Amazing, bro. That's awesome. Yeah. So I mean, I, I'm a, I I have to make money, but I also wanna make sure that I don't price out the average Joes, right? The people, the working man who wants to come home after a long day's work and be able to make love to his wife. You know, I I I don't wanna price them out. So what I'll do is I'll buy as much in quantity as I possibly can so I can keep my prices low. If I were to try to make, so right now I sell angio wheel for 2 54 0.99, which I know that's still up there, but I'm not able to buy as much of in bulk to get that price lower. I'm working on that.


But say if I were to try to buy slab on demand, you know, to try to like, to get angio wheels out the door faster. I don't, I'd almost double the price, I'd price out the average Joe. Right? Right. So, so what I'll do is I'll do a lead time of anywhere between six to eight weeks. Like say if a customer places an order, it's gonna be mailed to them about six to eight weeks later. 'cause what I'll do is I'll get a run on orders to pay for the materials. Right So. that way we can lower the prices for everybody across the board. I try to, I try to make it as, as you know, in reach of the common man as I possibly can.


So now here comes the curve ball. So here comes the curve ball. So explaining all this stuff Yeah. And looking over the questions that you sent towards me. So I'm gaining my potency back. I'm, I'm coming back to where I was as a man. I'm starting to feel confident in myself, but something else is happening too, which I did not expect, you know, because by this point in time in my life, I'd given up trying to get a, a, a bigger member. You know, I, I've given up that approach, I'd given up that pursuit. But I'm waking up and I'm like, damn, I'm looking in the mirror and I'm going like, damn, you like, and I'm kind of like reaching out and feeling, I was like, man, it, it must be in my head that feels an awful lot thicker than it did a little while ago.


But I ignored it. I pushed it back. I was like, no, no way, no way. But man, I, you know, after a while after I started kind of feeling it was getting all like fat and chubby, I was like, man, I gotta, I gotta start taking like a tape measure of this shit in the ruler. And I'm like, true. I'm like, holy fucking shit. My, my, my dick is literally getting bigger right now. Holy fucking shit. Oh My God. So, so finding the holistic approach, finding out how to heal myself, I inadvertently figured out how to cause penile growth. I inadvertently figured out how to cause what I call myogenesis fallo genesis is basically arterio genesis that's happening within the caboral bodies.


That's happening in The, Male Member itself. It, it, it's, it's just, it's, it's just targeted arterio genes. Without, without intending to do that, I, I had inadvertently discovered how to grow The Male Member. That was never my pursuit. But that is precisely what happened. That's crazy, dude. And it all, it makes sense. It all it, I mean, it makes sense on a level that's like, you know, you're talking about into like evolutionary history. The leaving the male body, studying the female body, the motion they're making, you know, it all, it all makes sense that there'd be a biological payoff for, you know, a woman to get orgasm. 'cause therefore they can have a kid and there's like this corresponding change. 'cause if you do cardio, there's a corresponding change.


If a woman's constantly, you know, bucking her little self on you. I'm, and dude, that's like kind of hearsay. I've talked to a lot of guys who are like, when you're having sex a lot, it just gets bigger. And I've heard that before and I think that's true. And I, I don't know if, again, like if it's in your head, you're like, you, I'm getting, you know, this is happening all the time. I'm just so you think like you're the king of the world anyway. But it's like, I, it's true. I I've talked to people about that before and I'm like, dude, there is something to be said for that. Right? And, and it, and it does it like, even, even even this far along, there's still stuff that just blows my mind. Like, I, I try to stay, I try to stay humble with it as as possible. 'cause I know where I came from. I came from a guy that wishes he could have been a two pump jump. And you know, now I'm, now I'm hung, you know, I, It's crazy, you know, You know, I'm bragging not bragging.


It is what, It is This humble, humble, bragging, you know, I'm like, I'm hitting that back wall now. Like me and that back wall we're tight, you know? That's crazy. And, and, and see at first I was kind of leery to say this. 'cause I was like, I feel like if I say this, I'm gonna detract from like, the holistic approach. I'm gonna get guys, You are gonna be like, oh, you know, let's go. You know, they're, they're gonna, they're they're gonna go at it with the wrong spirit. They're gonna go at it kind of like, kind of like you see in gyms to where instead of pursuing it as like, you know, to gain strength and you know, to, to say do your job better. Say you're like a manual laborer and you know, you, you wanna be able to lift like those bags of concrete or soil or, you know, or like just various products for like shelving stuff.


You know, like, like, like your average stocker at Walmart, you know, instead of going at it from that mindset, you get guys to be like, I'm just trying to get swollen as fuck. You know? So I was a little leery about that. But then I started getting, you know, from the sales I'm making from these angio wheels, I'm trying to stay in contact with my customers over time. I'm trying to build a rapport with my customers. I'm trying to build a long-term relationship with them. So I'm leaving the door open and be like, Hey, you know, know if you notice something, let me know if, if there's something about the device you don't like, tell me about it. Maybe I can sit there and I can improve upon it. You know, I'm trying to leave, I'm trying to leave the communication channels open and, and I'm getting these guys that are coming back to me and saying like, dude, I'm bigger. Like I'm for real bigger.


I'm sitting there and I'm checking, I'm getting bigger. And after enough guys came back to me about this, I was like, I don't advertise the angio wheel as having that effect. Like on places like Etsy or something where I sell places like YouTube, places, like my subreddit. I let guys know. So coming back to that questionnaire you'd sent over, I have not figured out a way to parse what kind of growth happens. Like, whether, whether you're growing in girth, you're growing in length. I, I haven't figured out how to parse those two. The best answer I can give is that the growth appears to occur based on a male's genetics.


If they're more predisposed to gaining growth, they're gonna gain girth. If they're more predisposed to gaining length, they're gonna gain length. Now, what I can tell you about the process is that growth typically shows up first, then length. Now, like, again, like I was saying with genetics, that ratio is gonna change a little bit based on your genetics. But, but on the whole girth is gonna go up first then length. And it's, it's got to be because of how the vascular tree's growing, how it's, so whenever this arterio genesis is happening, whenever smooth muscles are doing that migration I was telling you about, it's breaking down collagen, it's breaking in or it's breaking down fascia.


Fascia is made of collagen. So you know, it's causing a remodeling. So I had mentioned this on Patreon a while back. So like what you'll notice as you get into angio training is that you just get fat. Like before you actually start to get longer. Like you just get fat, man, it feels like you're holding onto like a chode or something and, and you actually, you actually for short a little bit, which will kind of fuck with you. Like, like your member will actually get a little bit shorter, but holy fuck does he get fatter, man, you're just like, whoa. You just wanna sit there and shake that shit in front of a mirror. It, it'll get really, it'll get like really squatty and fat, you know?


But like super Chubb like, you know, you know, it's shorter, but damn as it look impressive when you're standing in front of that mirror, you're like, oh, alright. Yeah, hell yeah. And, and then as that remodeling process starts to finish up, you'll start to notice that length comes back again. And when you start checking that, that ruler, you're actually gonna find out that you've actually gone up a little bit. You've actually gone up a tick or two after that remodeling process has started to finish. And then it'll restart. It kind of goes to these cycles, sorry, that dip I put in is really ripping. You'll, you'll, you'll get really squatty, but really heavily ched. And then as the rot remodeling po process starts to wrap up, you'll start to kind of, you'll stay a little bit thicker because like I said, you're gonna gain that girth, but then you'll start to notice a length of increase.


And I have, I have spent the past four years, well probably, well I'd say honest to God, three years trying to parse that out, right? And so I started with the angio methods and angio wheel, kind of what we've been talking about now. But I really wanted to try and figure out a way to enhance that process. To take what I had known a step further, even further than I had already gone before. And I gotta hit a wall with that big ass wall. And then I, I don't know about you, but I'm like a martial arts movie fan, like Bruce Lee, jet Lee, Jackie Chan, like, whoa, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. I, I love those. And growing up, you know, I'd always sat there and watched, you know, like, you know, those type of movies, like, you know, enter the Dragon Unleashed with Jet Lee, that's one of my favorites, you know, drunken boxing show down in Little Tokyo with, you know, Jackie Jam. So I had this like deep appreciation for martial arts and there's this one move, I can't remember the movie, really wish I wasn't blanking on the movie. This like old martial arts master, this, like this fucking soldier looking dude walks up to him about ready to fuck this old guy, you know, shit up.


Like he's about ready to like go to like, this dude is dead. Like you're looking at this big guy approaching this little hobbled old man. And the dude goes to swing and this old man does like this weird hand gesture, like, oh, blah, blah, blah. Like walks these motions up his arm, and then the guy goes, oh, like holds his chest for a second and then just falls back and dies. And I'm like, What, the Fuck is that, what is that? You know, what is what just happened there? And you know, I found some like loose little articles on the internet and it was this thing called iron palm. It's called iron palm. So what iron palm is, is it's a study of martial arts that has to do with fluid displacement.


It's about using a person's vascular system against them. It's, it's about using the flow of blood through a person's body against them. It's about, so, so like an iron palm master, like a, if you like an iron palm master, you can't actually defend against them. You can't, you can't defend against their attacks because what they'll do is they'll get a hand on you and they'll try to get a feel for your heart rate. And then they'll sit there and they'll punch your body based on the rhythm of your heartbeat in order to basically fire blood into the central cavity of your body to cause internal organ damage.


Jesus, man. Yeah. That's Real. It's, it's, yeah, that's real. That's real. What it, there, there's, there's a move in martial arts that is actually inspired from iron palm. It's called the touch of death. So basically after, after, after an iron palm master has sat there and fired enough blood from your limbs into the central masses of your body, your organs are basically bleeding the, they, it's basically causing like your capillaries to rupture. It's causing like blood to pool in your internal cavities. What they'll do is they'll kind of put this finishing move to where they'll almost like gently set their hand on you to just finish that last bit of compression of firing the blood into your central cavity.


And they'll pretty much will cause organ failure. And it's like, it's like the person just falls over and dies. And I don't know if your subscribers would be able to look it up, you'd probably be able to find it. There was this iron palm master back background, like the World War II era. He got called out on a sailor's vessel, you know, like, show us this move, you know, whatever And, they pull out one of these prize stallions that they had on board. He was like, kill that horse. You know, like, let's see this shit kill that horse. And the guy, based on the story, he sets his hand on the flank of this horse, which was him feeling the horse's heartbeat, getting a feel for its rhythm.


And then just as, just as he feels the blood flow come up, as he feels the surge, he presses it down really fast and at first nothing happens. Like nothing's going on. And all of a sudden the horse starts to wheeze really bad and then it falls down in his front legs and then it just falls over and dies. And whenever they did an autopsy, they found that it had had, it had a bleed in its abdom, its abdominal cavity. It basically bled out in the inside of itself. Jesus. Yeah. So I learned about this and I was like, all right, that's pretty cool. That's a totally cool ass subject. Don't know What the Fuck I'm gonna do with that. Yeah, True. Right. You know, I was like, sometimes you'll come across shit in research.


It's like, okay, so I came up with this cool thing. Now what the hell do I do with it? And I got thinking, I was like, well wait a minute, wait a minute. So you've got these caer nale chambers and what's interesting, so, so you've, you ever heard the joke, you ever heard the joke that, you know, man, a man has one more bone in his body than a woman. A woman, except during sex? You ever heard that joke? I, I have heard something about that. I forget exactly. Oh yeah, obviously. 'cause It is in her body. Yeah. Gotcha. Right, right. I have heard something like that. It always like went like, I heard it in passing. So like the, the joke is that the, that the The Male Member is, you know, a bone, it's to your bone.


Yeah. Yeah. Well, funny enough, that little joke is actually true. It's actually true. So The Male Member is actually a bone. When we look at primates, when we look at, you know, apes and stuff like that, they don't actually have, they don't, they don't have sexual organs like us. They have a bone, they have a penile bone. And it's been through adaptation evolution that the human sexual organs, they're no longer calcifying, but they still have the same structure as a spongy bone. The, Male, Member.


Based on the research, based on everything I've studied, the best way to describe It is It is a partially differentiated noncalcified spongy bone. It has all of the same structures as spongy bone, but because it's not calcified, it's able to be subjected to fluid displacement. That's how, that's how my research works. You're causing fluid displacement, which is causing sheer stress. So I was like, well that means that if I were to say strike the side of MyPortal bodies, I'm causing blood to be pushed out of a set area and I'm causing blood to be pushed into the surrounding caboral chamber into what they call the lacuna spongy bone has lacuna, it has like interconnected cave-like spaces which The Male Member effectively has.


So I started trying to experiment with how to strike along the sides of the corporate cavernosum to cause deep tissue fluid displacement, which causes deep tissue sheer stress and the end results is basically just like a woody of your dreams, like just insane hardness, insane fullness. So was basically able to add an additional step to my work, but I have not been able to figure out how to mechanically, practically apply that yet. Right. But what guys can do basically is they can sit there And, they can use their thumb like this portion of the thumb to bat up against the, the side of their chambers to cause that fluid displacement.


And you end up with like a really, really thick vasso pump at the end of your sessions. And when you're waking up the next morning, I mean, it's like Jesus, and you're talking both sides, just, just kind of like bba BBBB. Well, What you want do is you wanna lay your member in your hands, so you've gotta support. And then you sit there and you just rhythmically tap up and down one side, then you switch hands and you do it to the other. Okay. And it causes, it causes that deep tissue fluid displacement, which causes that shear stress inside the cavern muscle bodies, which kickstarts, arterio, Genesis, and it's that targeted area. Agenesis, it's an additional step.


Now guys can't just do that exercise. It's, it's not standalone like the, the Angen or angio, it's sort of a polisher to your session to enhance the work that you've done. I don't really know an equivalent bodybuilding way of describing that, but basically it's, it's a way to polish out your sessions, make them a bit better. It's a foam roller. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Face. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be like, it'd be like foam rolling at the end of a session. Yeah. Perfect. And I've been spending a lot of money, a lot of money trying to figure out how to mechanically, practically apply that coming up with crazy different designs and Yeah, of course.


You know, making, making it easier to make the angio wheel and stuff like that. I can't think of, is there any other additional questions, first of all, Because I know I rambled a lot. I know. No, that was, that blew me away. That was beyond, I mean, again, I, I didn't know how in depth all of this was. And like, it was phenomenal. Honestly. I, I'm blown away. My question that I have is, with all this stuff you're saying all this blood flow, what is masturbation doing? Does it reduce size? Does it not? Is it like, what does it do That, oh man, I'd forgotten about that one. And that it's a, that's, that's a, It's a hot topic if you don't want to answer.


I understand. You might have a lot of people Well, idea. No idea. The problem is that it's just so sad. It's so sad. So what masturbation will eventually cause. So, and, and so like masturbation tends to go hand in hand with porn addiction. Sure. With what they call porn masturbation orgasm, PMO cycling. What will happen with that is that the muscles in your groin after being overworked, 'cause like your muscles have to kind of compress ever so slightly to help maintain your erections. That that's just a natural part of the hemodynamics. So basically the hydraulics of the male sexual organs, whenever guys say beat off the orgasm, what's effectively happened is you've got, like this electrical storm that's happened inside your brain, you're getting that feel good high afterwards, you're like, you know, like you feel great, but neurologically on, on a neural level that, that feel good sensation is very loud neurologically, it's very loud.


And your body will try to protect itself against that. Afterwards, it will release a set of chemicals and hormones that will pretty much will tone down that it, it's what's called the, it's what's called the Coolidge effect. It's, there's another name for a, I can't think. But, but basically, you know how if you orgasm, you have such a difficult time getting an erection again for a while, right? So, so that's your brain basically trying to tone things down and protect itself. So what a guy has to do in order to try and get past that protection that their brain has basically put in place to try and, you know, keep it from being injured from this intense experience is, of course they have to watch a video that's even more intense.


You know, like, I don't know, they could be wa they'd have to like watch a video like some guy licking some girl's butt hole or something like that just to Yeah. You know, just like, like they gotta like step it up that additional level. Exactly. And, and then on top of that, you know, they're not getting quite as much blood flow to their sexual organs as they would before, because neurologically they, your body's trying to ramp that down, trying to keep that stimulation from happening again because it's, it's very loud neurologically. So what guys will do is they'll have to tighten down their pelvic floor even more to try and take advantage of that reduced blood flow a little bit So, that way they can get hard again. And then of course they'll beat off orgasm.


And then we'll just do that over and over again. And what will happen is that the pelvic floor will develop an overuse injury. Your muscles after being overused, so often they'll begin to actually get weaker. They'll begin to force shorten. They'll get tighter. And so you end up with these men that are walking around with chronic pelvic floor pain, but it's even more insidious than that. What these muscles will do is they foreshorten is they cause strangulation, they, they cause strangulation on the caboral bodies themselves because they're getting smaller and weaker and twitch, or they're basically keeping your caer muscle bodies from expanding to their full size.


They're, they're throttling it, they're, they're choking down on them. And so what will happen over time is that a guy will experience thinning, their member will get progressively thinner over time as those muscles get smaller and weaker. And, they also have a harder time developing blood flow. From my end of things, what I see is one of the first things that guys begin to notice is that their spongiosum gets less and less full and then their glands will get very shriveled because it's their bo it's their body choking down the, the caer Nelson bodies themselves will initially be able to protect themselves because there's so much pressure inside there.


They, they don't notice it right away, but the spongiosum a lot less pressure. It starts to get thinner and thinner. The glands start to shrivel and you end up with like, what's basically pencil dick, you know, to where where guys have shrank themselves from pursuing that orgasm so frequently causing that damage to their pelvic floor muscles. Damn. And on, yeah. And, and on top of that, because those muscles are pressing down so hard, they lose sensitivity on top of that, it actually causes nerve strangulation to some effect. And I've seen it taken so far to where guys have actually caused nerve damage to where the, an methods can help restore some nerve function.


I've discovered over time, because it's restoring blood flow, it can resat those nerves and interesting fact vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF, the thing that endothelial cells produce. It also has an additional effect on nerve cells that causes nerve cells to grow. So as the vascular channel grows, we, we do see a restoration of sensitivity. Some guys will actually kind of complain about it. They'll be like, man, I've become a two pump chomp. You know, I can't laugh because it feels so good. I I can actually feel more of what's happening here. But yeah, ma masturbation tends to thin it.


And the other thing that happens is curvature. Curvature is another thing that happens. So if you're masturbating with your left hand, your, your fingers are dragging really hard on your right chamber and that's, that's causing a progressive amount of damage that's causing a fiber layer to form. And so if someone's masturbating with their left hand, they're gonna end up with a rightward lean over time, their member's gonna start leaning to the right. And of course with the right hand, it's gonna be a left hand lean. And the other thing that comes in here is that since guys are less sensitive, they've gotta squeeze harder. It's what they call death grip syndrome. They've gotta really squeeze down in their members super hard to feel anything.


And, and you end up with all kinds of injuries that happen with that too. You end up with vascular trauma, their varicose veins. 'cause they've gotta sit there and almost do a gel like motion just to keep that fullness. And, and it just, it can snowball from there. So if you're asking me, can masturbation cause a loss of size, a loss of functionality, can it cause damage? The answer is 100% yes. One of the things I tell God whenever they're engaging in this program is, hey, if, if you want to actually see a benefit in this, if, if you want to, if you know, not just restoring potency, but if you'd like to see size, you can't masturbate in a normal fashion. What I tell guys is, you know, why don't you rely on the hand exercises?


Why don't you use the hand exercise as a form of masturbation instead of the usual? Because I found that the usual method of masturbation, it tends to cause those effects. But these, these newer techniques that I've come up with, they don't have that same effect. They don't, they don't have the same ramification. So It is a hot topic and it's, it's just painful for me to have to talk about it because wounded healer, again, you know, I went through all Yeah, I went through all, I remember how that felt. And to drop that bomb on guys, it's hard. Yeah. You know, it's really hard. And 'cause some of them are so addicted to porn that they, they can't get themselves out of that cycle.


And so they could struggle with it for months, sometimes years. It's a very touchy subject. 'cause I've tried, I've like tried and I've actually had a lot of success in Texas. You like, can't even really look at PornHub. You have to use your id. And like, dude, everyone's like, they complain. I'm like, this is exactly what I needed. This is awesome because it does prevent me a lot. So I, I've had a success with like getting off of it a lot. But dude, it's such a supercharged topic. 'cause you get some people who are like, don't ever look at it ever in your life, blah, blah, blah. And you have some people who are like, oh, what do you, what's the big deal? You know, indulge yourself. There's doctors, like it's good for you. Do it twice a day and it'll make you calm. Right. It'll make you calmer and more relaxed. So it's a hot topic. I I kind of, I can, I mean, look stuff to think about, stuff to think about and you know, I I kind of, I'm, I lean on the side where like, yeah, definitely less is more with that.


If you're just cranking your, especially when you get to the point, like you're saying it's a psychological addiction. You are like doing it when you don't even feel like it necessarily, it's just like, I just need to do this to fall asleep or whatever. Right. And that's, yeah, that's, that can be tough stuff, but knowing that it can, it, I mean it definitely can make sense and it would fuck with you. And you remember how you were saying how like guys who have a lot of sex, like they're definitely getting bigger and the reason for that is it's, it's a different form of stimulation. So what a, like a lot of guys will do whenever they're masturbating is they do a gel like motion. They're pulling up, they're trying to move blood against the normal, the normal pathways, the normal flow in order to try to maintain that fullness.


Which is one of the reasons why there, there's not, there's, there's not carryover. Like if a guy's having an awful lot of sex, I mean, he might be awfully dead tired by the end of the night, but, but he, he's not subjecting his sexual organs to the same kind of stimulation as he would to masturbation. So what I always tell guys is, you know, like if you're horny man, go find a girlfriend, go get yourself a girlfriend, clean yourself up a little bit, go get you someone, you know. Yeah. And don't, don't sit there, you know, wanking it in your hand. Go find yourself a girl. You know, I'm, I'm, there's, there are plenty of lonely women out there that'll be more than happy to help you if you're willing to help them, you know? Yeah, true. It's true. Another hot topic. But yeah, man, I mean that's brutal reality and you know, if it's like, if you, if you're, you know, but I get it every, I mean, guys, again, this is another topic.


If you bring up beaten off every dude, if someone's gonna be like, it's like, all right dude, you probably do it the most. Everyone does it. We all do it. It's obviously a crutch for all of us. Oh yeah. I'm not sitting here like some kind of a saint saying, I don't do it on occasion. Well, I know you're not. I know you're not. But then again, this is, this is an absolute sensitive subject, but it's like, you know, the truth doesn't always come the way we want it, if, you know, and it's people can push back, blah, blah, blah. But it does make sense, especially with what you're saying. Like, it's, it's not like, you know, it's not the way it was designed. Obviously it's a quick fix, but either way that's, dude, that's pretty much all I have. I, I mean, I just wanna thank you. I think you did phenomenally. Thank you for staying up. I know you have, you know, little kids as do I, you know, sleep is definitely a precious commodity.


Yeah. It's the only thing that keeps me up, man. Nicotine and caffeine. I, I swear if someone cut me open, I, I just like I, just like I just spew out C four. And you know, like Copenhagen, I swear to God, Dude, I, I saw a grandmom get onto a plane one time and she had a sweatshirt that said, I run on kisses and caffeine. And I, I was like, I, I, you know, you like laugh at that, but now I have kids. I'm like, dude, it's so fucking true. Oh, I know. As a single guy, like all the bullshit you hear about with family is like, can't relate, can't relate. Then you have kids, you're like, I get it now. Hundred percent. It's a whole mindset, man. Really is. Well dude, thank you so much. I'll link all of your stuff.


You're, you know, the Etsy, I'll link it in the description, all that stuff. I, I think it's fascinating. I'm obviously gonna get one for sure. So I'll, I'll definitely, I'll be preaching the gospel and I'll keep people preaching the good word of your device. And I'll, I'll, I'll try it all myself. I'll, you know, I, I, it, it makes sense, dude. I, I can't think of a, I mean, I, I'm trying to think of like a critical well, what, but like, dude, it just makes too much sense, honestly. Well, I appreciate that a lot. Look forward to your business and thank you again for having me on. I it's a, it's Matt, it's been a pleasure, Dude. It's pleasures all here. You're an absolute certified master. You are the only one who knows the answer to the question. Every dude thinks about all the time.


Yeah, that's, yeah. I, yeah, that's, yeah, I know. I, I think about that daily. It's, man, it's trippy. It's still trippy to me. Still trippy. Thank you brother. Is there anything you wanna put, like there's any, do you want to say like where your Reddit is or any of this other stuff? Like An r an on method on Reddit? And if you're ever on Joe Rogan again, mention me to Joe Rogan. I think Joe Rogan is an awesome, awesome dude. I fell in love with him on Fear Factor, and it's just been a love ever since I found this podcast. I actually saw you on there. I was watching that, that segment where you guys were talking. I, I was, I can't remember the name of it, but it was you and is it your friend Shane?


Yeah, Shane. Gillis, yeah. Yeah. You were, you three were like sitting there talking about MMA stuff and whatnot. I was like, it, it, it, it looked like a lot of fun. He's a blast. He's the man and dude, you know, who knows, maybe he'll, maybe his eyes will fall upon this. It's definitely, it'll be, I'm really excited to see what people think about it, but dude, thank you so much and good luck with everything. Good luck. You know, the kids, all that stuff. God bless you, dude. Thank you so much. Yep. I'm, I'm gonna get myself to bed. I got an early rise, so You take care, Dude. Thank you. Me too. You bro.