
And We're live. What's up everybody? How we doing? Motherfucking Sidney Gantt. Tim Butterly. Thank You guys for coming. I'm fucking so pumped to have you down here, dude. Thank You so much For that. Thanks for having us in the arena of ideas. I know you guys could rock the set up, dude. Yeah. Do people get competitive on here? I wanna win the podcast. I know. I need a buzzer. If Well, here's the deal. No. If, if someone says something outta bounds, I will put you, but now We're peaceful It red. Do I feel like I should end all my sentences with my brother? Mm, you Can. Yeah. And maybe I should be Referred to guys color. Why don't you anyway, Why I don't have the gla I need, I need the, like the non-prescription circular glasses for that True. Yeah. Possibly a bow tie. Yeah. I Need a bow tie. Yeah. I, I, I had the hair for it. Here's my thing. If I were black, I would talk like really black.


You know what I mean? Like, yeah. I don't know. I always feel bad. You are you trying to say to Sydnee, I wasn't allowed? I just, you can do whatever you want. I'm talking about me. I'm talking about my blackness. Blackness. My family wouldn't let me. Are you saying Sydney's leaving blackness on the table? I, I think So. I think they're, I think they're so blackface to be had when You are like, I'm gonna end my sentence with my brother. I'm like, why don't you, every Time you remember, remember the movie Ray Charles when he, when they were trying drugs for the first time and they wouldn't let him try drugs? Yeah. That's how my family was with talking Black. Oh. They were like, this ain't for you, man. You can't have, you don't wanna do part of this. So this is like my fam Everybody in my family does talk that way. Yeah. Except for me and my brother. And They wouldn't let You have it? No, they wouldn't let us get it in. Did they ever send you as like their emissary to deal with white people?


All the time. Okay. I think that's what they were training us for. That's so funny. Yeah. We were ambassadors. What I tell, what I tell you about saying she, she, it's a curse word. Say that. You can say shit. Yeah. Like that. Say goddammit. I was there. I was always be like, yes and no. I could never be like, oh hell nah. Oh, You couldn't do it. No. Hell No. Nah, nah. I wasn't like, they wouldn't let me say the N word. Everybody else in the house was saying the N word and I was not allowed to say it. What the fuck? I had to call it the N word. What? I, this is no bullshit. My mom talked to the bus aide. Oh wait, I disagree. That is some Bullshit. That is Some bullshit. Right? My mom would talk to the bus aid. I wasn't allowed to sit on the back of the bus.


No. Swear to God. Like there I was not allowed to tell. How Long would you get grounded if you were to say something like, I don't know. Ain't this about a Bitch? That's the Whole summer indoors? Yeah. Nah, I could not, I couldn't. How do you feel about that though? You think? Is that like the hook, you think it was a hookup? Or is it like, what do you Mean? Like The, just the, did you say That blacker? Yeah. Yeah. Like in terms of the evidence. Can you say that whiter please? The hook. What is the hook on in terms of, Is that a desirable outcome? Oh No. Okay. See, I get that. So no. Yeah. You Didn't like that? No. I mean it was, I just, I would just find different ways to like find my own little vibe For sure.


So I, it just made me more creative. Yeah. You know, was That's Right. The arbitrary constraints that create great art, You know? Exactly. I like that. Exactly. But I would, I would, So I would get in trouble in school. 'cause like, I wasn't allowed to sit on the back of the bus, but when the bus would stop, like either at home or at school, I would run to the back and open the emergency doors and hop out. That's it. Like I was the guy that would start that rebellion every morning. That's, yeah. So do you would do An emergency, you would do emergency exit outta the bus? I did non drill. Non drill. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. I would just like, like blow past the safety patrol that knew I was going back there to do it. And I would like, sometimes I have to swim, move. 'cause they tried to put that hand out to stop me. Yeah. Yeah. Bus safety's no joke. Yeah. Bus Safety. I was a bus.


I think I, I think I was a bus safety. I Know Sydnee was tactically running with both arms behind his Back. How big was your school bag at the time? No. Blast. You are a giant school bag kid running off the back of the Damn. Isn't that isn't how, isn't that like the opening scene of a goofy movie? Isn't that what the Sun does? The Goofy Movie. These skateboard off the back of a school Bus. It's pretty sick though. Goofy. Freaks me out too much. I tried watching the Goofy movie with my kids and I was like, let's, let's watch something else. It's, It's too silly. Yeah. And then it's like goofy's nice. But then like, the evil goofies, those like other guys, I, I don't like, I don't know. I just don't like the side of those guys. The, the Goofy squad. Goofy. Go Goofy. I don't like those guys. Yeah. They make you uncomfortable. I make Makes slightly uncomfortable goofy's.


He's too about the bullshit. And I, He's all about the bullshit. You're too structured. Look at You are way too Can't handle Goofy. I Can't handle Goofy. Yeah. Yeah. The bad guys in that are actually like the good guys for you. They're trying to straighten goofy out. Yeah, Man. Knock off his bullshit. Yeah. Can't I just, I don't like it. I dunno why I see like, it's just aesthetic. I don't like Ren stamp. I didn't never like that show. You don't like Rein Stimpy? Not when I was little. It was just grotesque. You Watch it, man. You seem like a Renin stimpy kid. I, yeah. I wasn't allowed to watch it. That was the thing. That's what my parents held back for me. They were like, no Rein Stimpy. That's good. 'cause that Renin Stimpy, I think is spazz energy that you don't need. Yeah. I didn't dude it. I would like, I would catch it. Sometimes I would. Your Parents were like, this is too white, man. Yeah.


Yeah. I told you they did inadvertently do that. They blocked MTV and they just left BET. They didn't know it existed. So that's all. That was the only music channel I had. Oh, They cattle shooted you. It was probably the right thing. You know the dude that created Brandon Stimpy was, oh Yeah. That was You little pet oass. Yeah. It was a little active. Yeah. I just don't like the a bulging eyeballs and like, I just wanna being a kid, being like, fuck this show is like bugging me out. That I was, that was probably the most powerful I felt as a child when they were doing extreme run and Stimpy closeup. I was like, I'm tapped into the source. I know what's up. I hate it. I've been hate. I was like, I've been dabbling in animation right now. And I've always told the animators like, none of that reim be bullshit, bro. I don't want bro test closeups. I want everyone to Look very Shiny. My mom's gonna get furious if she sees that.


Yeah. I, it was cringey for me. I would, I would sometimes look away. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't handle it. Yeah. But turn on hanging with Mr. Cooper now. Oh man. I thi I think my entire highlight reel of like childhood joy was just like a veiny face with bulging eyeballs and like a sound effect. I was like, Yeah. Yeah. That's all that ran through my head, man. Dude, funny, funny you bring up Hanging with Mr. Cooper. That was always my biggest, one of the reasons I always accepted my plight for how my family wouldn't let me talk is I was afraid of sounding like hanging with Mr. Cooper. Really? Like, 'cause he was like a dude that like talked black but sounded like he shouldn't. Yeah. I could see That. Do You Know what I mean? Like, that was my biggest fear. I Thought he was cool. I was watching him. I just being like, Mr. Cooper's pretty, I thought he was pretty cool. Yeah. He was like a, he's like a giant black nerd, you know, Urkel this time.


Yeah. I thought he was cool. I guess I was benchmarked. Was Urkel Urkel said a hard benchmark Was white. He was White. Cool. True. Yeah. Yeah. He did. He did. But I, I, I, I read a thing recently with Urkel. He gave like an interview about how he says that he's not included in the, the pantheon of black entertainment as Urkel. Yeah. I don't know. He was Like Stefan though. Not even Stefan. Not even Stefan. People were buying it. People like go back to the nerd character. But No, he was saying like, like if they say the all time great black shows, it's like Martin, blah, blah, blah. And he was like, no one mentions Family Matters. That's wild. 'cause the Cosby Show gets mentioned and, And he tried to say it was because of like, I don't know. He was like, it was because of the like family vibe. But yeah, the Cat, the Cosby Show gets mentioned all the time.


Yeah. Way more family vibe. Way more Than Family matters. Sure. Yeah. It is way more family vibe. Yeah. I don't know. He's on, he must be, he's bullshitting then. Yeah. But he's just, he is, I don't know. I feel like I know white people loved Family Matters. Yeah. Black people. Not like watching the Black Nerd or like No, I think, I think Family Matters was like the, the, the, the white, the palatable white version of the sitcom rock. You remember that? He was a garbage man? No. And he lived in the hood. Chris Rock? No, no, no. He was like a, a fat black actor. I don't remember his name, but he was a garbage man that lived in the hood. Based on love. Nah, nah. He was on Every show. Yeah. He was on every show. But he would deal with like, they would deal with like hood issues, but from a standpoint of a family that was trying to raise a good family in the hood.


So he had, he had to like, like fight drug dealers and shit because his drug dealers was trying to get his son to sell drugs. Yeah. And he invited the drug dealer over and like try to fight him in his house. And his wife had to break him up. This was called Rock? Yeah. RC Do you remember? This wasn't called Kang of Queens. I never, that must've been before my time. Dude. That was a, That was, that was a black deep cut. Was it really? It was, it was around the same time as Family Match. I knew three's company was like black people love that show. Dude. Jack Tripper. Jack Tripper. Yeah. Tripping Dog Jack Trip. I've never seen that either. When I was, when I worked for the Labor Union, I was constantly just hearing about Jack Tripper. Yeah. 'cause I lived with my ex-wife and her mother.


They'd be like, Jack Tripper. Damn bro. Fucking Jack Tripper. I was a wild bull. No I'm not. I looked it up and I was like, God damn. That's a Terrible, it was also a psyop to get the black community to accept acting gay. Was Jack Tripper gay? He Had to act gay because he wasn't allowed to be live in the house that he lived in. Oh, with those ladies? Yeah. Unless he was gay. Oh, He was a fake gay guy. Yeah, It was, that was a big plot point of that show. Damn. So, but he never did gay stuff in the show? No. So that was, that was a, that was a big comedic device. 'cause he would like bring women over and date women. And then the landlord would come up while he had a date over and he had to like act straight with the date and then gay in front of the landlord. That's fucking hilarious. Yeah.


Never ending. You can watch a guy pretending you Can get a hundred episodes out, So. Yeah. Yeah. So that was like, that was like basically how like, like the welfare state, you know, you couldn't have a black dad in the house, but then he actually did live there. Yeah. That was Jack Tripper. Okay. Like it was like the gay welfare state. Yeah. He wasn't supposed to be in there. Yeah. Yeah. That is funny too. That was like a show, a compelling plot to be like, you can't live in here with two women by yourselves. Yeah. Only in, what was that like 1990? No, that was much earlier. Eighties Had to be eighties. It's crazy though. Seventies. Even think a landlord doesn't want you living by yourself with two women as you shouldn't. Yeah. That would be, I that would be totally Improper. Did you about the lady who had sex with a hundred men, OnlyFans lady. Yeah. She made a documentary.


Yeah, She made a documentary. Yeah. Did you see Cried? Cried at the end? Cry. Yeah. Tears welling up in her eyes. Well, Here's the thing. You never get to see the end of that. You, you know, it's like, if you see that kind of thing, you're like, oh, you know, you never get to see like the real kind of, but they, they were like the final act. Were They like cry for like the same tears that you get from one the Champ? No. She'd Being very brave. She was trying to like, be very powerful and brave and just be like, yeah. And it's just, you know, it's just like kind of intense or she Was, she was like, it's not for me. But I could see it being for other, I'm not saying no can Do this, but Apparently, apparently inside the room, the production were gagging because like, there were, the smell of cum was so, like, there was so much cu that it was like, that's, I didn't think, I've never thought about that.


That's disgusting. I'll be honest. Like, look, do what you want. But like, having that a hundred hundred Knee deep in the cu cistern a Hundred, 180 Cu hundred loads. Did they all Hundred Loads and like, did they All nut? She Was, I saw her saying in the, the Twitter clip that she, some of the guys were like, she was cutting 'em off after like two minutes and he's like, it said five in the dm and she was just like, yeah, come on. You gotta go man. Come on, get out here. So some of the guys didn't come, I'm assuming, Man, they probably pulled off to the Side and finish those was the real victims here. You're like, guy 45. Some guys probably just didn't do your guy 45. And you just get to like wet your pen and be like, All right, get outta here.


That's Nuts. You feel the breeze on your wet penis As you're walking back to put your shorts on. That would be funny. Just mashing your half hard bird into this lady for two minutes. And what the fuck am I doing? Yeah. Yeah. Pretty. What? Yeah. Nobody talks about the hundred guys. What examine the road that led me here. Yeah. That no one talks about how the a hundred guys are equally as problematic. Yeah. As a lady. Do You think I obviously being anywhere in the nineties would suck, but I think being Guy a hundred would probably rule you're there when they like pop the Confetti. They're trying to like cheer like, you did it. You're so good. Your dick gets to like break through a little tape.


Yeah. That's guy one hundred's crazy. There's gotta be a guy dumping water on. There's gotta Be a guy who calls Gatorade on Your dick. Oh man. Someone Has to call that. There's gotta be a guy walking in like flicks a cigarette on the ground. He like, I'll go last. I'm, I'm be to clean up. I always go last dude, watch this. This is my 45th One. Oh man Is like a marathon bumper sticker on his car. He is 100. I love being guy. 100 Century man, baby. Yeah. That's, that's kind of like insane to be like, yeah, I'm gonna sign up and do that. I'm going to be like the 40th guy or first lead off Lead off's. Gotta be nice. I would say maybe when she gets her second wind around, like in the low seventies, that's probably a nice spot.


You know, she gets a little bit of She can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Yeah. Yeah. Her eyes widen. Oh, apparently her eyes were sore. They were, they were coming on her eyes apparently. Holy. Yeah. Apparently her eyes were sore from just, they were laden with, this is crazy ejaculate. She cemented Herself to like Al-Qaeda, like Interrogation Tag in This is Every female rescue Soldier. I mean, it's not ideal, right? I'm not trying to sound like, no, I'm not sounding like, you know, I'm not trying to ring like the moral alarm, but I'm like, it's just not a good use of time and resources. They were Doing a hundred in like the eighties. They were doing 500, but I was a teenager. Yeah. Like how Howard Stern was having girls On, I think, I think it was like in an hour. That was kind of the impressive part, man.


I don't Know. Oh, it was timed? Oh Yeah. Okay. I think it was in an Hour. Is she like in the Guinness book? That I Don't think, that doesn't make sense. Doesn't, wasn't impressive at all. But then it couldn't have been an hour because then it's minutes. This guy got two minutes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's 200 minutes. It was one Day. It was One, it was one Day. 24 hours. Oh. So she ate like lunch. They had the break. They had to take a break. Like the union, Like union rules. Like they had to, it would've been a union violation. Big whistle break. The sandwich has been sitting for a while. So kind of like a room temperature. Hogie, she Had to use that rough, like hand soaked and watch come out her eyes. I was like, did I ever Had the volcano soap? Whatever's called Lava. Yeah. Lava soap with the Granules. Yeah. Just mechanic gran, no water. Just rubbing that shit on her eyes and it just peels and falls off drawing your hands On newspapers.


Oh Man. What a wild way to find out. That's not for you. Oh yeah. I think you could just speculate on that. Yeah. I, here's my thing. I I, I'm like, I don't think any girl wants to have sex with 100. I think most girls don't even wanna have sex with one guy. Good guys. Yeah. Who were there every day. Yeah. Pay have Sex. One guy. Yeah. Loves, mostly Love of their Life. Now it's a hundred. You're a great father to their kids. I totally have sex hundred guys. A Very patient and calm father. I Might share my wife that man. She had sex with 100 guys. I'm asking her a hand job, dude. Maybe two more of my friends Hand.


I'd be impressive. She gave a hundred guys a hand job. I would say That's impressive. And I salute you. Oh man. Is It more, it's more impressive than penetration. Impressive. She'd be like one of those like arm wrestlers with like one giant arm, Two at a time. Oh. Just like bam, bam, bam. Yeah. Like publics pure public service that I could get into. Yeah. You think the stroke locks in eventually and you're, you're pro like three, four pumping guys. You Can even, you're talking like Yeah. Like how fast are you making them come when you really get in your groove? Or a hypothetical woman? Not you. Yeah, not me, obviously never. I'd be, I mean, me, I mean, I'd be lights out. I Wouldn't even be in the building. I mean, at one point your arms would get so tired, you would need like, prosthetic assistance. Yeah. So you get like robo braces, You would've to start like using your legs.


Like, just like you Will eat the me. So eventually, yeah. But yeah, I, that's, that's a shame. That's a, that's a shame that that's become like a viable path. Yeah. Is it viable? What's popping? Only fans. We all know. Only fans is like, I, I've heard It's like, it's not that crazy for a young woman, a college aged woman to be like, man, we'll starting OnlyFans, you know, kick some money up on the side. Yeah. That's gotta be fun. Floating it out there to your like existing, like when you start promoting it and it's just like people, you know, they're just like, like you flipping the coin, whether they'll check it out, you know? Yeah. That's Gotta Be uncomfortable Territory.


Yeah. Make it flyers for, that'd be pretty fun. Popping a hundred day. Yeah. Barking outside. Well, You're doing the soft core on Instagram and You should be like, check out, you know, go to my link tree, you know? Yeah. Oh, boys. You know, before it really catches on. I'm not gonna lie. I, I'm gonna, I think you as a parent, You should be monitoring that shit into the early twenties and putting kind of like a kibosh on that if you see, but I think it start like burner accounts, I guess. Just Like, no having sex with a hundred guys. Yeah. Just like, or just No, all fans. Yeah. No pay. No pay for play. Yeah. You got, I mean, you, you gotta kind of like massage the idea of how gross that stuff is and how non respectable it is early on in the kids life. Yeah. Would you be DMing them too? You know, would you, would you be sending dms? Like, because you know, in, in, in it, this was like security testing where we would like send a phishing attack to an employee to see how they react.


So would you pop in the girl's dms and just be like, you know, damn, you like you look soy and just seeing how, how they responded. Yeah. See how they Respond to that. Here's what I would do. I would hire some sort of like cyber attacker guy to take their, basically like their content and switch it out with me. Like taking dumps on stuff and jerking off. So all day would just be completely blacklisted. I would do like heinous scat content And then have It like, pushed onto their stuff and have them what the fuck happened. And like, you know what happened? Like, Oh, you guys like jerking off, huh? I would just fucking blast. I would just pee. I would jerk off like pee. Very jerk off.


I would hit up with like the seventh grade special. Yeah. You Fucking sick out with creeps. Like this shit. That's somebody's daughter you just throw up. You guys made me fucking sick. Oh fuck. I'm coming. Oh my God. Yeah. You gotta knock that stuff off early, man. And again, I, I don't wanna say like, purely like from, you know, moralistic terms before that it was like, thought to be disgusting to marry for sexual attraction. Mm. And that's crazy. Like, you know, it was it dude in the Puritans thought in like in England in like the late 18 hundreds, they were like, oh, he is horny for his wife. That's disgusting. Yeah. You gotta do that shit for property and status. Exactly. Just, it was just upholding the state. Yeah. You just, you would just have to perverts a man and a woman would just like be like, fuck.


Damn. Would you get in trouble if you like smacked your wife's cheeks? Oh, it was unheard. It was crazy. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. I read They'd Be so pissed at like, if she walked by and you were like, damn. Oh bro. Yeah, it's over. You had to basically ignore each other. The more you ignored each other, the better. So you're, you're dancing around the campfire to the violin music and you're grabbing your wife's tush and the entire village just turns on you and shreds you. They rip you apart. Mm. They would just be kinda like, mm. Very, very low brow. Mm. You guys should be just there. Just totally keep an eye on his crops. Dude. The sexual, if that's What he's getting up to around here, who knows what's going on. Well, I think that was more like the aristocrats. I think if you were like, like they had, like, apparently they thought back then it was bad to give. Like, the English aristocracy thought that it was bad for children to eat fruit.


Mm. So the guy who's that mathematician guy? Bertch and Russell. I read some of his other, I Would've never guessed that in a Million Birch Russell. That is a, who's that mathematician guy? Russell. Remember Buron Russell? He wrote Prince of Mathematica. Him and Whitehead. All right. The, What are you doing, Matt? You can't don't get me high In a news. Yeah. Do this Conversationally. Are you trying to humiliate me, my brother? No. He wrote Prince of p Mathematica with Whitehead. They were the guys who wrote a math book where like, I think like 60 pages explained one plus one. He was on some like high level. Yeah. He, but he claimed, well he was one times one. He was claiming they did like one plus one because they wanted math. What did they think that equals too?


Two. But they wanted to be able to prove it because math, here's a problem with math. It's funded. It's, they wanted to be purely like logical, but math is founded on axioms that are unprovable and that pissed them off. They're like, this Is, I can't stand that either. Socks Dude. Yeah. Yeah. That's horrific. We want The shit to be, yeah. We want this to be like perfectly logical. No faith. 'cause they were like, you know, they're big atheist types. They Hit with the one plus ones. Yeah. They're like one plus one is two. But we're gonna show you exactly why without, you know, and people are like, right on, man. But he, but my whole point was he wasn't allowed to have apples when he was younger. You, you're spinning me out because I recently, I got, I got into like a, a high tailspin about not knowing anything about meth. Yeah. And So I broken to my world.


I don't know really because I, I I only know what you now I'm fixated on like learning something about it. That's what You are Learning. Where you Asking from? I, I think I'm gonna start with geometry. Well, I started with an introduction to geometry video on YouTube. Nice. Okay. Well I Just, it was a shaky start. Really? Yeah. Because that's where the crazy, that's where the proofs are. No, I, I Geometry. I'm terrible at algebra. Like, like borderline, you know, but it's borderline. You know what? Yeah. Geometric proofs though. When, when geometry gets into the proofs, I'm out. I Knew him, dude. I don't know how I knew him. I, I might be the son of Pythagoras dude. I somehow, they would ask me answer like questions of the proofs and I'd be like, oh, it's that. And they'd, I would just, I just fucking knew. It was weird. Like How some people got that genus con blood. You got that?


I think So. I blood enough, I got like a b in geometry without really trying. And I just, the proofs were like weirdly self-evident. Oh, I Tried hard But algebra Terrible. I'm not Into algebra. That's algebra. You're Good to algebra. That's me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I started this geometry video and I figured, here's what I was thinking. I'm gonna click on this. They're gonna go, Hey, welcome back to learning math as an adult. Yeah. I thought they were gonna give me like maybe circle and square. They're gonna go All right. You know, circle and square. Let's start with like maybe Pentagon, maybe trapezoid, maybe that kind of shape. Bro. They started with lines. I was like, oh, I forgot all about lines. I forgot all about. Not shapes at all. Dude. What I Forgot about Rays and segments. Oh man. I'm so fucked. Taking Points.


What? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And so, yeah, I'm really worried I'm gonna fail this YouTube and Math fest. Don't tell anyone. You tell your Family I'm gonna cramm the night before. Yeah. Stay up all night. What's the test does really? I haven't found the test yet. You gotta take the test. I, I have to take some sort of metric. Yeah, you gotta take the test. Yeah. I told MaryJo about it, so she'll hold me to it. Yeah. She'll make sure I get math. You'd Be nice, man. It'll be, hopefully I've thought about doing something similar where I'm like, 'cause I am deeply embarrassed and like, you know, my kids are getting older and I have to help 'em with their homework. And I'm like, I'm so bad at math that I, I I've thought about just like taking a refresher or hiring like a math tutor. That'd be kind of nice. Math I used think Was pretty decent. I used to think I was good at math. But we, we recently started as a family, started doing this, Sorry, We started doing this Elevate game, this like app where it has like these different brain games.


Some of 'em are speaking, some of 'em write and some of 'em are math. And every time the math one shows up, like I kind of like slink away as my wife and son take over. Really? Yeah. Why? I thought you were the math guy though. Well, no, Ansley is, I am like math guy amongst You got good grades, a Professional. Do You Know what I mean? Yeah. Like in a certain world, I can be the math guy, but when I'm at home, I am the language man. Like my wife and son are the math people we call, like me and my daughters call them the white ones. And we're the blacks. So the white ones are the math math people. That's Hilarious. And my wife hates it. We're the white ones. My daughter came downstairs the other day and she was like, man, dad, the white ones are tripping upstairs.


White one. So funny. Damn. That's hilarious. The, yeah. I, you know what is cool about math though? That the universe is structured according to mathematical principles Or we're just No, I thought we applied that to it. I don't think so, Man. Yeah, it's like, it's chicken and egg thing. We don't know. It's, it's, I think it's like, I think it's real. I don't know. Music. I think the Universe is just doing its thing and we're like lining, we're putting graph paper on and tracing it and we look like fucking idiots. I Don't know. Because here's, here's the thing. The music ex, there's a mathematics to music kind of, and like scales and everything. And that's inherent in the universe. Yeah. We didn't apply that. That's, And you can, and you can take that and apply it to other, other things. I'm, I'm outta my depth already. But I know that like the, the mathematical principles that are in music, you can use it to create other forms of like visual art.


Yeah. And it has the same sort of like, you can create, You are talking about visualizers. Are you talking about win visualizers now? Okay. I Don't talk about language. I don't know. I just think that's sick. It's like there, there's a Yeah, because, but I think math has to be real. Because if you can calculate like the distance and like land precisely it has, that means the exterior corresponds to the mathematical principles. I'm out. But Is the, but is the, is The, Is the universe structured around that? Or is it something that we use because it's as close to as accurate as possible to contextualize the universe around us? This is where quantum physics, no, I Don't, I Is it, are we in assimilation? Not that it makes a fucking difference for me, man.


I don't even know what I'm saying. Well, it pumps me up. It doesn't make a difference. But it just pumps me up to be like, that's sick. Math is baked into the universe. It's cool. It just, it just, You prefer if that's true, Like the fon sequence. Like how, how like the, the a shell, the way a shell, yes. Spirals. It's that stuff is fun. It's just more, it's just more evidence of design. Yeah. I don't like the idea of living in a randomly created universe and I just don't believe in it. Okay. So that's all, that's all. That's fine. I mean, I'm indifferent to it. I'd be okay with it, I guess. What a randomly create a universe. Yeah. How do you, how, how So? I Don't know. You don't want a loving creator. I would love a loving creator. That's great. So you're Not, it can't be a Different, but even, even he could have, like, this could be a Minecraft world for him where it's just like a different, like seed generator. You know what I mean?


For Sure. Well, you think a loving creator would make the world based on math and make like 99% of the people not be able to understand it. For Sure. And that's the fun of the server. I Don't think you Yeah, we probably were never supposed to worry about it. He's probably just like, why are they fucking That's true. The monkeying around in the server room. Yeah. Just fucking eat apple. Dude. There's apples on trees. Yo, they're Fixing on this one. Plus everything. And now they're fucking gum up the Works. You know, like why Yeah. Why are you doing that? Yeah. Yeah. That's gotta be really annoying. Yeah. But yeah, I, I was reading about Irish immigrants in like the early 19 hundreds and like, dude, they're, they really, their lives sucked, dude. Terrible. Yeah. I think everyone before Or after they got here.


Both. Both, yeah. Just getting over here and just not, like not being able to eat. And When was this? The twenties, thirties? Yeah, it was like the twenties. Yeah. That's when my family got here. Did They really? Yeah. Yeah. It was like a big deal. Like the dude, the dad would actually like bring home his wages and not drink them away. And they'd be like, we can have toast and jam and eggs and like the whole house would be so fucking pumped. Yeah. It's like, I wish I could get that pumped on toast and jam and eggs. I like it. Yeah. I'm happy I'm eating The, but I'm not. But buddy, what is your family? I never, I, I don't think I've ever known this. We're all Irish. We're all Irish. Yeah. All right. And you love toast and jam? I do love toast and jam actually. Yeah. Yeah. But are you getting Like, I'm still eating English muffins with butter and jelly and being very happy about it. That is nice. Careful though. What's your guys' AC one? Do you have diabetes? What kind of, why? Why did you ask me my brother?


I thought You Are you. Why are you pondering that question upon me? My brother Let Ask you this. Yeah. I thought you had, didn't you have something like that or gout or something? No, I Was dealing with gout. Some, some gout shit for a while. But I, I got got it under gout shit. Got it under control. There was a gout break in Philly. Rainy had it too. Don had, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, mom. I was dealing with some gout like symptoms for a while and I got it under control. Yes. What, what happened? What was, what was triggering it? I mean, you know, I I I crush donuts like every night. Would That do gout but not see this? I'm like so mystified by this. 'cause the A1C is when you're, that's like the diabetes stuff.


Yeah. That's the percentage of your blood cells that are coated in a delicious frosting. Yeah. Mine are at 5.7%. Okay. What's And If you get to six point like three, you're, you officially have diabetes or 6.5? Yeah. I, I was just eating a very rich diet for a little while. 'cause it, it is like, it wasn't just the donuts, but I was also kind of addicted to grocery store fried chicken. And I was eating that. I was genetically predispose dude. I was like crushing it in my car and like eating, like eating a whole thing before I got home. So like I could throw it away. So my wife was starting to get a little worried. Yeah. About how much grocery store fried chicken I was eating. Really? Yeah. It was the thing. What do you think, what do you think I, I go through these things as well, but what do you think kind of like pushes you through into these like obsessive kind of like eating things?


I knew it was a grocery store sheet cake for a while. Yeah. That was a phase. That was a bad, that was a bad One. That's so crazy Too. I escaped that one with no real symptoms of anything. But have you checked your A1C? That's my question. Nah, no. I Want all my friends to get their A1C checked. 'cause you don't know. Nobody got, Do you have a place we could go after this? Yeah. Quest Diagnostics. We could just go fucking get our A1C checked right now. I feel like that's, that's the problem. Like once you're black and find out you have diabetes, it all goes downhill. No, You can turn it around. It's, it's like easily. That's what I just turn it. Every time I feel like things are getting outta hand, I just turn it around. True. I just, I don't need to, I don't like, I don't, I'm not fucking with numbers. I'm not a math guy, Matt. True. I just turned it around. I'm telling you. Look guys, I just want you guys to not have diabetes. Dude. I couldn't believe I have. I was pre diabe.


I for real was like blown away. I don't even, honestly, I don't even believe in diabetes. You said that word. It's a psyop. It's definitely not. I guess it Leads, it Leads to like every po it fucking destroys you I guess. Yes. Shh. I just feel like if you're a person that gets diabetes, then it's like you're already fucking everything else up anyway. No, I, I think like, I think literally like one out of every three people is like close to pre-diabetic in America. That can't be, I Swear to God. Look at, look, look It up bad. I swear to God. It's like something ridiculous is like, and it causes like a whole host of other problems. Like your eyes get fucked up. So What, what are the two guys? That's why we, we need European soda and candy. That's what we need. They're not getting s Like we ares. What? That's true. They're Pumped.


They're ruining our snacks. The snacks. Oh yeah. You're a big junk food guy. Yeah. How do you feel about Maha? What's what Make America healthy again? Getting healthy. I like it. I need to be controlled. I need my portions picked for me. Me too. 38%. 38% of people are pre-diabetic. Yeah. Are pre-diabetic in America. Yeah, dude, it's, it's, and if you don't realize it, it just kind of sneaks up. You're just, all your hemoglobins are getting coated in sugar More, more then get Yeah. I think, you know, they get sharp. Dude, you know, I had no fucking clue. But what, what, what fit is A fiddle. But what did you have to change to to fix It? I just don't eat carbs anymore. I just run off of And How much cereal at night were you eating? Not a lot. Oh my God. I was crushing, I was crushing cereal here and there, but I was more so portion monster and I was like, I don't really eat sweets that much, but then I like, I like was running through it the other day and I'm like, oh yeah, we'll get a sweet thing.


Every time I was in the grocery store, anytime they're in my house, I would eat all of them. I was like, I was eating a lot of fucking sweets. Yeah. Wait, so type, type two diabetes is when your body doesn't make enough insulin to deal with the sugar intake. I, I don't know. I I think that insulin finally comes into play. I have yet to research insulin. But what I would, the, the, the one number one marker they give you is what percentage of your red blood cells are coated in glucose? Yeah. So it's like they have literally like a sugary co like coating on the outside and then like those sugar, I think like sugar that whatever that is. The glucose certain, like molecules are like sharp and crystal. Like, so then they're kind of slashing all your veins as they're moving through your body. That's why like diabetics get like fucked up things with like Blotchy feet skin. Their eyes get fucked up.


Yeah. Can Pee after a while. I think that's what it's, I think like insulins what? Take the glucose and make turns it into energy so your body can use it. Yeah. And if you're getting too much glucose, then your insulin is like, you know, like, like all the pies are coming down the conveyor belt and it can't handle all the glucose. Yeah. That's when diabetes type two, that's type Two. Something like that. Yeah. It just fucks you up. It just like all, it just got sugar just rushing through your veins and cutting your veins and you get all jacked up. That rules Actually's kind of sick. That's a radical turned into a sour patch kid. What do you guys think about the, this The hunk murderer guy? Oh yeah. CEO. Do you think it was him? I guess it was him, right? I think he was a Patsy.


Or do you think he I was a, I'm, I'm vicious murderer. I'm worried about the eyebrows in the, in the surveillance photo. It's all that and the mugshot. I did see that. I wrote those match up. I did see that. That's why I'm holding off of having any kind of like, emotional reaction to it because I wanna know if this is the real guy or not. If it's really him and they caught him, that's an interesting outcome, you know? Yeah. If the, a whole story is straight and they, and they didn't in like make up a manifesto and plan it on him. Yeah. I guess that's kind, that's that's a crazy target though. 'cause you would think like, I don't know, it's like, don't they usually pick like lunatic kind of like, I guess he did kinda like lose his mind. Yeah. You know, he disappeared for a few months after getting into psychedelics. I guess I'm, I'm basing this all of just like tweets about him. I mean, for sure that's All any of us have.


But it was his, his back hurt. Apparently. That's the one thing a lot of people are lionizing him and it's like, I, I get it. I do get understand why, but it's like if the back theory's true and his back hurt so bad that he girl spazzed and shot a guy. That's where I'm kind of like, yeah. I don't know if we should totally prop this up. Back Pain is like that Though. Yeah. Back. Yeah. It's emotional. Very emotional. Yeah. You can't go around shooting people 'cause your back hurts. Yeah. And You are gonna like weep in your bed and call your wife as she disappointingly talks to you. Yeah. Like I just had that a couple days ago. I follow another Twitter account that says You should never, ever emotionally make yourself available to your wife and never eat her pussy. Oh, I saw that too. Did you see that? I'm Saw that fan.


It looks like it's written by a lady. Pusy. Yeah. Never eat her pussy. I thought that was like a Dr. A Tristan Tate tweet. No, I, there's like an account I follow of like a picture of like a, a lady just being like, don't eat your wife's pussy. She'll never respect you. Every time I like, I always get shrug that stuff off. But everybody That's crazy. 'cause that might be the moments where I feel most respected. I know that is a, I do like that that outcome where it's like you have to absolutely dominate women at all times. It's just a funny, I just don't know. It makes me laugh. I, Those guys that aren't married though, that are saying this shit, I Know. Well, you're a fool for having even done it. Dude. Tristan t would tell you, you're a fool Right? To your face. You're a fucking fool. Dude. I, he's got a lot of money. I I just be like, Hey man, I defer to you, man. You've got definitely something figured out.


I don't know. He might go to jail for sex trafficking. Mm. That's The, that's the, That's the game you play though. True. You know? Yeah. You gotta put your, your money down if you want to get in. Yeah. Either get a wife or sex traffick. That's the move. That's, That's a hard, that's a hard penalty right there because like, you're getting so much pussy. Like you're like busting it in. That's sex trafficking. Yeah. Like anytime you transport pussy across state lines, Well you have to mislead them. That's the key. You can, you can move all the pussy you want in the world, But you if you trick them. So they, Dude, that's all, that's all I ever did to get pushed. You are like, hey, come over and chill. Nah. Just gonna hang out and watch, you know, Chill. This is true. It is. It is. You know, you Ever, you ever city office That is, that is So, that is a slippery slope.


You have to trick them and move them across state lines. That's trafficking. You can prove it was a nasty trick. What percentage of consensual sex do you think is trick? Like 95? I would say. Yeah. I would say 90, at least initially. Dude, me and my, we've been together for 25 years. Still to this day, I feel like I have to trick her to have sex. Really? Yeah. What's the number one trick? What would you, what would you say? Like you do, you Paints a big tunnel on the wall and she Runs into it. She Gets a gigantic cartoon bump on her head. Sex put like burn seed down on a plate. I, I've learned that. I have like one, I was like talking to my wife about this yesterday. We went for a nice walk and we were just talking about her monthly cycle and you know, just, and she was explaining to me, she was like, yeah.


I'm like, fuck. The week before my period, the week during I'm like, whatever. The week after I'm like, furious. And then I have, and I'm like, so you have three bad weeks outta the month? Mm. She's like, yeah, but then I'm really horny on that fourth week. I'm like, yeah, it's so sick. Yeah, let's go. And we have like, we have just like one glorious week per month and it's so tight, dude. Yeah. I mostly So's so juicy for me and nice to me, Most of my trickery bro, like involves trying to make her think that I'm not constantly thinking about banging. Yeah. Banging nice. And then, and then she can eventually, she's like, he's been good. My Yeah. True. It, it builds up. My thing is I'll be like, I don't even wanna have sex. I just wanna like, feel our, your body, you know, let's just cuddle for a while naked. And then You go, Ooh, what's that?


Ooh. Skin to skin. Yeah. I'm a big skin skin. A little skin to skin. And then naturally you're like, mm. Yeah. That it's already You. Anyway. A large part about dubious tactics is skin to skin. Let's just kiss. I just wanna kiss. It's so bad. Yeah. Can I just like nestle my face on your face? That's all I want to do. But I think, I think the rules don't apply to wives. Like you can, your wife can be just like blacked out drunk. And it's like any judge would be like, take what yours, sir. It's your property, sir. I don't, I think they made some progress on that during the, I think there Was a lot of like, not for just for students. I think for Dude, if your wife's drunk For students That's a s a universe. I've been seeing a healthy number of like am I the asshole on Reddit where it's like, I accuse my husband of sexual assault because he, he took me when I was blacked out or something like that.


But usually the woman comes home hammering and is like, I'm feeling, it's like, you're not gonna be like, get off of me drunk bitch. You're gonna be like, All right, I'll have sex. Stop sucking my dick. Fine. I guess I'll have sex with you right now. Yeah. While you're in a, you know, inhibitions are lower than I can touch your butt almost. But yeah, there should, if she's like passed out, don't be a pig. Sure You can, you know. Let her Rest, man. She had a long day. She had a long day. Let her rest and then guilt her in the morning. Be like, we're supposed to have sex, kinda let Me hang in Last night Someone was too drunk. It is. I I, dude, I don't like when women are drunk, to be honest. No, not at all. You, you don't like their behavior. I just don't like it, man. I don't like it. My, my grandfather was right. He told me when I was a young man, he says nothing worse than a drunk woman. I tend to agree.


I tend to agree. It's a fucking liability. They're a hazard. Yeah. A drunk woman is a genuinely a hazard drunk. They're outta Control. They, they already have to be monitored at all times. Like I feel like, I feel like most women should be walking around wearing a helmet at all times. Women helmets would be nice. Yeah, it'd be pretty sick. Women helmets, just general padding. They step on ow They bump their heads prevent so much. Ow. Yeah. True. They get hurt. Women Get, they get hurt, get hurt. Lems bumping their heads to stop Them from walking off a cliffs and shit. You are like building structures around them as they walk through life. Nothing worse. Dude, I, Mr. Magoo like floating around trying to keep Mr. Magoo safe. I have such a low tolerance. It's something I'm working on. I have such a low tolerance for the ess Like, if my wife like bumps her, like her knees, like, oh, I'm sitting there like, you're fine.


You're All right. Get up. Come on, you're fine. I don't know why it makes me so mad. I'm like, that's not that bad. Why don't you try paying attention to where you're going? Sometimes it's ridiculous. You know what really sets me off is if I, if I banging into something really loud, like I'll hit my head on like a ceiling fan or something and Never had that problem. What are, Yeah, I Have some low ceiling fans. That was a bad example, but I'll bonk Right. And then I'll, I I get a really sick feeling in my stomach because I know she's going to, without coming to me. She's gonna go, are you okay? And that make, that makes me madder than anything else in my marriage. And so now the joke around the house is if like, if I stub my toe or something, everyone takes a deep breath and goes, I'm fucking fine.


It's the worst fear. Are you okay? Shut the fuck up. Yeah. My shit is throbbing right now. Oh, what happened? Yeah. Nothing. I know. Although to be fair, Butterly Pisses me the fuck off, dude. Almost anything that is like low enough for butterly to hit his head on. He will make contact with that at some point. Yeah. Dude, you, you, I have very poor vision. An enormous head and slightly above average height. Dude, it's a recipe for disaster. Yeah, it does Suck. Stop in your toe. Okay. Fuck off. Shut the fuck up. Am I okay? Yeah, I'm okay. My wife's a big let see it. Let me see it. I'm like, no, No. Let, I didn't, no fucking don't touch me.


Get off me. Let, let me, let me just see it. I gotta see it. I'm like, no. And without fail, she'll tweak whatever it is. And I'm like, that fucking Hurts. Why did you do that? No. Shut the fuck off. Dial, get off of it. Doesn't Even peroxide Stop Chops my ass. They Need ice. They don't need fucking ice. Yeah. I Don't know if I ever used Neosporin before my wife started healing Me. I will say it is miraculous what it does to a cut. Mm. You put Neosporin, it's calling. It's magical. It's calling the next day. Yeah.


Lucy Is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's 100% pure nicotine and always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like the mom and pop shop pouches. Have you ever heard about Breakers? They are nicotine pouches with an extra surprise. Each pouch holds a capsule that can be broken open to release extra flavor and hydration. If you know your pouches, you know that the nicotine doesn't hit immediately and neither does the flavor. The geniuses at Lucy came up with a brilliant way to fix both those problems. They put a mini liquid capsule inside each breaker's pouch. I mean, that sounds so good. I, I've recently been toying with nicotine and I did the, you know, the one milligram coffee stack, obviously. But that's cool. You know, nicotine's nice if I, I personally, I don't find it personally. Wow. Wow. You know, I'm, I know I'm going against the science. I just, whatever I'm, I kind of could take it or leave it. But, you know, do you, let's level up your nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to lucy.co/drench and use promo code drenched to get 20% off your first order. Lucy has a 30 day refund policy if you change your mind. Again, that's lucy.co. And use code drenched to get 20% off. And here comes the fine print. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Hey, what's up Shane? How you doing? Dude, It is good to see you. You too. Are you ready to make your holidays bigger and brighter with PrizePicks? That's all I want, dude. It's the best place to get real money action while watching your favorite sports with over 10 million members and billions paid out and winnings. I don't know if you know this, but PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. No. Yeah, dude. Some people out here are only thinking about themselves. Meanwhile, PrizePicks has made it accessible to all Yes. So that we all can have fun times. Even The unhoused. Yes. Even the unhoused can still get in on real money sports action, which, I mean, that makes me very happy. Dude. This app is really simple to use. Pick two or more players across any sport, pick more or less on their projection and you could win up to 1000 times your money, dude. So That's, that's all I wanna do. That's exactly, dude. I mean, what the fuck am I doing with my one time and my money? I can times it by a thousand Thousand. I'd only get my fucking act together and start getting in on real money sports action. Yeah. It's the simplest way to win money in over 30 states, including California, Texas and Georgia. Join now this holiday season because PrizePicks is giving away two free picks in December and we're giving away 20 plus million dollars in rewards during the annual Holy cow Pick miss event, dude. And I can't emphasize enough how easy it it's to play. Let me, let me, lemme break it down for you, Shane. Lemme just, lemme just Play Please. How do you play? Because I'm looking forward to the pickus. The pickus is spectacular. Let Me break this down, Shane. You know about the NBA and NFL, right? Of course. So we got NBA and NFL on Christmas Day again. So let's make some picks for the games on that day. I like Anthony Edwards to score more than 26 points on Christmas Day. Yes. In his being matched against the Mavs. I don't know if you know about that, but I mean, Luca and those guys, they swept him last year. Did that. Yeah. They, they fucking swept him last year. So, you know, he's gonna want to show up. He's gonna be hungry. He's gonna be Hungry. He is gonna show up with the spotlight. He's Hungry. Gonna let some fucking white boy fuck up his Christmas. Exactly. Dude. That's some bullshit. He's, he's gonna want the spotlight on him. But I mean, dude, the football games are pretty good too. Yeah. Chief Steelers, I'm excited about that. I like the Steelers defense to shut down Patrick Mahomes. I, you know what, Matt on? I don't know. I was gonna say that I was gonna, that was gonna be my pick as well, but picking Less on his projected 2 49 passing yards less on 2 3 9. Passing 39. Yeah. But it is Christmas. The boy might have to put on a show for us. I know, I know. 200. Although They haven't been able to protect him very well. And hopefully a healthy TJ Watt gets home. I'm gonna go less. You're Gonna Go less. Patrick Mahomes passing you. How, how about 2 39? Do they have, what's his name's Travis Kelsey's numbers? No, they don't have Kel up here, I think. No, they don't have any accounts. What do you think about that? Less on my homes. I less on my homes can see what the number is. 'cause Yeah. I couldn't even, couldn't even guess. Why do you think he, I would imagine it's Christmas and t Swift gonna be there and he is gonna wanna put it, you know, he's gonna show, put it show for his base. Yeah. Fort Swift. That's gotta pump you up. If everyone's just slamming your mega famous girlfriend, you're like, I'll fucking show you. Yeah. I'll show you with this. Run a Tight fucking post. You're like, Fuck you guys. Yeah. Spike them off. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. I think that's a good, I I I, I do value this conversation. I think it's a good idea. And you can combine up six. I value it. You can combine up to six points. Dude, shut off, dude. You can combine up to six Picks. Dude, this is the thing I really wanted to see down, talk to about, but we're Taking apart the podium and I'm getting back. Done. Play times done. It'll never die, dude. It'll just move and going. Tony's sick. No, I'll get in there. You gotta get the headset on, dude. Dude. I mean, look, we talked about Patrick Mahomes. I think that's an incredible take, by the way. And you can combine up to six picks to create your lineup so you can win up to 1000 times your money in. Hey, that's, that's all I'm talking about. Real players, real sports, real cash. So make sure to download PrizePicks and use code drenched at signup. The NFL playoffs and the rest of the NBA season are around the corner, so there's plenty of time to play. But don't miss out on the limited time only holiday deals PrizePicks is offering in December. Download the chain, download the PrizePicks apps today, and use code drenched and get $50 instantly. When you play $5. That's code drenched on PrizePicks. You get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even have to win to receive the $50 bonus. I mean, this is crazy what it's guaranteed. No, you don't have to do that. They're just giving it away. PrizePicks, America's number one daily fantasy sports app. I mean, must be present in certain states with PrizePicks dot com for Restrictions, and they're just giving everyone 50 bucks. Yeah, dude. They don't wanna give you 50 bucks. That's nice. Yeah. That's just fucking, this is what Christmas is a whole about.


What episode is this going in One? It was me, Sydnee and Butterly. So I'm gonna, we're gonna toss it. All Right. Nice little Stoney dads. Little stoney dads. Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah, we're gonna toss it in. I mean, we can probably just keep it rolling. I got nothing. We could Just fucking, we could just rip. What are you doing? I just got In, I got in from getting my motherfucking massage. Oh yeah. You just got your glance sucked. No, I wouldn't put it that way. I got my, I got my But is it a guy or a girl? It's a girl. It happens to be. If it were a guy, I didn't care. I was like, look, I'll take a, you Wouldn't care if it was a guy. No, I, dude, I, it would've Fuck that If it was a guy. I'm not, I'm obviously, I'm, I'm capping right now. If it was a guy, I wouldn't, I can't get a guy.


Yeah. Like that. It would suck. I mean, 'cause your lymph nodes, you have one right on your hip. If I were to, I don't need to like demonstrate, but it's like, I Mean, a hip is Matt. I'm right there. So it's like, dude, Matt, look, it's just my body. I didn't put my lymph nodes. You, you Got tubes there. You Do, you do have some. You Dude here I, I wanna give. Oh man, this is something I do want to, I, I actually wanted to bring to your attention. I, I have an idea for a live show. I'm gonna try to do it at the creaking cave, and I wanna see what you think about this. Where I, so it's just like a, I wear the headset on stage, walk around, and I would let the audience step up to the crowd, to a microphone to ask questions. And I, it's a simple q and a, but during the q and a, I gotta bust out a thousand pushups.


So while people are asking questions, I'm just ripping pushups. And then I pop up and I'm like, glad you asked. You Have to do a thousand in an hour. Yeah. Or in an hour. Can you rip a thousand in an hour? I, I'd have to prepare myself for that. But I do like the idea, That'd be really hard Having people ask questions and just ripping pushups on stage with a headset. And then as they finish their question, I can pop up and just be like, I'm glad you asked. Then answer the question to the live audience. Bro. That's so hard. I I, I'd start preparing myself for it, but it, I mean it's really, it's, you know, it's 110 times in an hour. So I, if I practice, yeah, that's really Hard. If I practice, I think I could bust it out. And I mean, I think you get now in an hour. Not, Not a lot. Right now I'm pretty weak, but I could start doing modifieds on stage if I started doing modified stage count.


It's better if You are not prepared. I know, I know. It's significantly better if you end up getting like 48 pushups in an hour. I don't know. Total guess The thought of just like doing physical exercises in front of a live audience while people ask you questions. It may, I don't know why it makes me laugh. I mean, It is very funny. So you're thinking like a Ben Shapiro owning kids, But you doing pushups. It Would just be a freeform q and a. So there's no nothing, no thing driving it where I, I don't wanna argue, I don't wanna fight and fuss with people. It would just be they could ask whatever question they want. Bring up any topic. I think you're gonna wanna direct it. You're gonna wanna find some topics. Yeah. You think so? Because if it's just fucking q and a, they're gonna be like, how do you come up with your material?


Although that's funny, if you're doing a push up, That's that. Actually, you know what? You're totally right. 'cause I, I did Jeremiah walk in stand up on the spot recently and people just be like, tires talk about talking. I'm like, I can't do standup about that. True. Yeah. I would just be doing pushups, people going soon. I'd be like, yeah, dude, fuck yeah. Fuck yeah, I'm coming back. Dude. They're, they're so babies. Dude, I'm coming back. The babies are falling. I think the babies are falling off. Falling off. Yeah. The babies are, there's still, there's a couple babies I got on Twitter and a guy who was, he was being a baby. Don't go on next. Dude. I was, I've, I get depressed every time I go on, like instantly instant depression every time I go on.


Yeah. It's, I go on next and I've been trying to find out about the drones and there's nothing, you can't find out anything. Dude. I, I tried to do that. I was like, yep, I'm, I'm on the news. I'm watching the news. This is all I'm doing. And I just scrolled. I did the death scroll on X and it's like, dude, you feel like schizophrenic when you get off. Yeah. I watched, I watched a bunch of Muslims guys stone a guy to death. It is fucking horrific. My, my algorithm is like secrets women don't tell men. And I read those threads nonstop. I don't like that. They're Kind of nice. I don't like that there's Yeah, babes have, babes have found their way back into my algorithm. I don't know what happened. Babes are back. The babes are back on the menu, dude. I get those and I get like, there's new accounts that take like Andrew Tate type teachings, but it's like, they pretend it's from a hot lady and it's like a weird kind of digital femdom.


You can get, you can get like red pilled through like a fake hot lady being like, never eat a woman out. Women never respect you if you do that. There're they must submit. It's pretty sick. So I've been, It's from a hot lady saying that I could just be an Indian guy. But it is, it's, the picture's a hot lady. That's all you need. Sometimes You need an Indian guy, you know what I mean? Sometimes there's things in an Indian guy that can do that, you know? True. This Is true. Nobody can work my spot. Like a fucking Indian guy on the internet. I'm telling you. I got an Indian guy all like deep in my head right now, just pretending to be a girl. Just telling me all the stuff I gotta do to maintain frame. And I'm like telling myself it's from like a hot lady telling me this. And I'm just like getting, How are you?


What Do You Know what else you have to do to maintain frame other than not eat, not go down on them. Yeah. Never eat the bus On India. That's no offense to them. That's gotta be a pretty fucking easy rule to follow. True. There's probably not a lot of oral going on over there. I doubt. Yeah, I doubt it. Although dude, I don't know man. I, if you put me in the swirl of that dude, I mean, just this vibrant, just vibrant spices and stuff. I could like get totally Lost. Yeah, you get used to it. I could get, I could just get totally lost in the dizzying aromas. Speaking of dizzying aromas, I got, I got, it's easy to be, you know, xenophobic when you get in an Uber and it smells. Yeah. But I, I, I can fight through that. I'm like, All right, whatever. It smells weird. That's fine. I got in a fat uber stink dude.


Yeah. And did they complain the Whole time? It's just a fat one. Did they complain or were they Silent? No, I was, I was so close to complaining. It was a battle of fats complaining. I got in the backseat just, Hmm hmm. I didn't say anything, but I was close to putting the window down, which would've been, I feel like too mean like 20 degrees outside. It would've been warranted. It'd be like, dude, you fucking, you kinda, you stink. You're stinking Smelled terrible. It is nice though. 'cause if I get a fat Uber driver, it's easy to tip them in. Like, I, I, I just don't know why. I like to get them kind of complaining a little bit. So all you gotta do is be like, oh fuck is that guy. And they'll just start a fat complaining fast. Dude, this guy drives like a fucking rah, A fat complaining spa.


They, they are quick to hit the complaint button. Dude. I'd be complaining if, I mean, for real, if you're carrying all that extra stress on your joints, it's like, yeah, that's like a serious form of just kind of like stress reduction. You just gotta start to complain and be like fucking Yeah. And then driving, driving. Uber's tough and then, yeah. Yeah, Because you're only getting fatter every day. Yeah. So you're just Kind of, but anyway, gotta smell the fat smell destroys American fat smell. I, we gotta stop complaining about Indians smelling. Yeah. They have nothing on our American fats. Ah, yeah. True. American fat has like a chemical component to it. It's like, it's no, there's no Excuse. It was disgusting. It was like vaginal. Oh, So bad, dude.


Yeah, It's like fish. Ugh. Ugh. Yeah, that's sucks. Anyway, what else is going on? Not much, dude. Just fucking, That's all I have to report. I got an Uber with a fat guy. That's Good. If a stinky fat, fat smell for real. Is I I would do, yeah. I, I would do the streets of Calcutta any day over like a hard, even like a vague fat smell that I'm like, is it, he was going, Yeah, I've been looking for the drones. I've cube my eyes peeled out here. Talk to an Drone, talked to an alien guy. How'd it go? Sick Dude. I, I, it was a pure happenstance. I, I was like, yeah, I'll talk to an alien guy. James Foxy, dude. He, but he did like, he was actually a big time alien guy.


I didn't know. He was like, he did like multi dick ton of documentaries. He sold to like different networks. Fucking blew my mind, dude. He was talking about, Do You Know about Camp Peus in Brazil? Camp Penis? It's camp. Yes. It's Camp Pen Yaz in Brazil. I swear to God. Campaign is in Brazil. It's a or something like Vain Brazil. Yeah. And it, dude, it was, he was talking, he was talking about the UPA UAPs and he just hit the fucking Campas and I was like, hold up bro. What That back? He's my BAAs. But yeah, he was a man. People fucking grabbed the, this like alien craft crashed in Brazil and this guy tried to touch the alien to like bring him down.


And two people who touched the aliens died according to James Fox. I'm to, I mean, he got, I was, I went in UAPA totally agnostic. And now I totally believe, dude, the truth is definitely out there somewhere. Yeah. The truth is out there. So yeah, the UAPs are having a moment right now. That's what I'm all about. Just people having moments. La me's having a moment right now. Why would LA me do, he Did kt la me did kt. Oh. And it went well. Nice. When? Like two weeks ago. Is it on air? Is it on YouTube? I mean, yeah, it's on YouTube's. And the dude, dude, he, a guy went on there with just, his hair was so fucked up. It was, it was funny. He was doing the straight like grade school comb down, but he was losing it.


So it was just like lines that he then took like some sort of marker mascara to like cover the shot. Oh no, Dude. And he was like, he walked out and people literally laughed. It was a, a mothership full of people laughed on site, still had no idea. He's no clue. He just like, okay, cool. And he starts doing his jokes and, and then we just started, you know, we're just like fucking with him. And then Tony convinced him to shave his head. So he actually shaved his head in between the things and he looked great. He came out. It was like a really nice moment for like, you know, like You are on that show. It's just dudes. It's just guy getting like, just beaten down. Yeah. It kind of wears on him. That Guy got fucking queer eyed. Yeah, dude. He got, he fully got Queer Eye on Kill Tony.


You'd love so much better like this. He totally did. And it was, dude, it was like totally, it was, I, I, you know, I am like, okay, I can't really see it obviously because I'm straight as hell. But it's like, he was so right. He was so right. And it was like This Nice moment where I think he like changed this guy's life. And then the dude, he was like, yeah, come back in a month. We'll check back in with you. The dude signed up, up for the very next week. So, you know, those episodes don't air right away. So he comes out Yeah. Gets in the bucket pool, which, you know, it was just, everyone's like, oh, it was rigged. But it's like, why would he pick that guy twice? Because it didn't e it didn't air. So no one knew what this guy was talking about. Yeah. So he was just like, by the way too, after he was on Kill Tony, he changes it his Instagram to like, whatever his name is on Kill Tony.


So it's like, it, it is just like his whole life now. And like he comes out on Kill Tony the next week, beating like one to 300 odds and just is like talking about his shaved head and the whole crowd's like, what the fuck are you talking about? Because he is not really funny at all. Like, he just completely blew it. Well, Laie was holding it down. He did good. LA's having a moment, dude. He did that. He was on standup on the spot. Lamie is totally having a moment right now. Good. Yeah. It's pretty good to hear. He better hurry up because he is gotta move out. Might have get home. You Gotta put the boulder behind him, dude. Yeah, it's coming. It's coming soon.


But that's it. I gotta do a bar crawl. Yeah, that's it. Billy broke his leg. What'd you say? I gotta do a bar crawl tonight. Billy broke his leg. Skateboarding. Not my fault. So yeah, dude, there's a lot of drama. Crawl soon. Sick. I'm a little jealous. Bar crawl will be sick. I my plans to eat a weed gummy to slow myself down. But we'll see. I, I'm here by my myself in this haunted fucking house. You're By here Lonesome. Yeah. My lady went home for a couple days. Oh, I'm just hearing this fucking spooky ass house, dude. Yikes. May I, I'm afraid the entire time I'm here. Yeah, dude, I was scared The whole time. I'm so scared. The entire time He told me it was fucking like, oh, the room you gets haunted. I was fucked up until You are like, no haunted So scared.


It's an old house. I look outside, there's the front porch is right here, so you could just walk. Somebody walks away. I think I see people the entire time. I'm looking out my window. Dude, You might have a sixth sense. The only cure is bruski. I know. The only cure is a couple bruski. And I'm like, fucking ghost on real Fuck Ghost on shit. You're like an old farmer on his clock. Nuts. It's so scary. I don't fuck with old houses. I don't like 'em, man. They freak me out. I don't like old houses. I'm like, I like it when someone else is here. True. That's, yeah, that's kind of nice. I mean, by itself, it gets very Spooky until they get grip by their ankles and ripped out of bed and you're like, dude, you gotta go.


You're honking. Don't joke about that dude. I'm like, call Blizz. I have blizz sleep over again. That'd actually be a funny sketch to have paranormal activity. But the dude's too big and the ghost can't budge him. He's like, Doesn't even wake up. He just farts in his sleep and the ghost. Like He's fucking Christ dude. He just like starts jacking off. No, it's scary. And the laundry, the laundry's in the basement in the fucking, oh dude, forget it. Original basement. It's so scary, dude. Forget it, dude. I don't have a basement in my house now. 'cause they don't have a lot of, I guess in Austin they don't dig down for Basements. Yeah, they don't have basements. But my garage has become the basement.


I gotta, at the end of the night check if the garage door shut. You get scared out There. I get scared looking into my garage and I, Yeah, it's scary. There's definitely a guy fucking even waiting in here the whole time. And I just open the garage and it's like, you know, you just see stuff in the dark. But I hear you, bro. Yeah, I took a, took a shower last night, was terrified the entire time. Thought I heard stuff like six different times. Thought I heard something. Dude, I'll just be sitting here playing Xbox and pause the game and go, All right, go back to playing, playing. I gotta, I gotta get back to Austin. I'm, I'm ready. Yeah, I'll be sick man. It's, it'll be right in time for the chilly weather.


Right into the warm. That's fine with me. Yeah. I'm excited. It's, it is. Yeah. Excited To have you back. Did the driving range with Kirby's and O'Connor today. How's that? Two golf balls. It is nice. That is nice. S a is a golfer. It's very funny. He's Good. He is a he is a bagger. Yeah, he's good. He is bagger man. Tougher. He was helping Chris. Was he really? Yeah, Chris is, Chris is just naturally good at it. Chris is dumbass in like TJ Maxx and bought like a golf outfit to go to the driving range. Why? He was wearing a fucking glove. What? He bought a golf Glove. He's got glove money now, dude. It's crazy. He's got that glove money that Season two money came in.


That does. I I see him as a dr. A glove guy though. That's, that's o that suits O'Connor driving gloves, glove Pops collar, fucking fleece. I was wearing this, I was wearing an Eagles hoodie and a, and fucking sweatpants O'Connor. Did he tell you he decided to really just kind of get into his whiteness today? Can't remember. Yeah, it's not hard. It's not hard to get him in there. He's a New Englander dude. You know what I mean? It's, he is three quarter zip golf glove. He probably feels good. And bin's fucking country club right across from like a horse, like an equestrian fucking thing. So there's horses outside and it was very white. It was a very white thing. You gotta join the equestrian club and just menace him on the horse while he golfs dude. Yeah.


Try the horse. Just Putin it to get his shirt off and just be like, Kirby, keep on. Don't miss Yeah. Watching Kirbys be actually good at golf. Piss me off. Dude, You g if you just got to gallop by him on a fence like woo. Gall way. Yeah. Move peasant. I like to make fun of those country clubs. The poor country club. He's like, do you wanna go to my course or the other course? I'm like, I would never go to your course, dude. It's for poor people. See, it's actually pretty nice. It's so, yeah. But it's so funny to tell someone they belong to a poor country club because they people up so bad.


It's like, oh, that one's kind of a poor country club. Yeah, it's a poor people country club. Like, it's the only one that led Jews in for a while. Oh, that's So fucking, it's great. Yeah, it's pretty good. Yeah, man. Well fuck yeah, dude. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm, I'm truly excited to get back down there. Yeah, Dude. Enjoy, dude, enjoy the holidays. And I, you know, I'll be excited to have my fucking, I'm back to doing nothing. Like we finished yesterday was the first day without doing tires and it was like killed. Yeah. I just woke up. I jacked off so happy. My girlfriend wasn't here. Dude. Just jacked off.


You needed that dude. You needed a mo you needed a moment for It was great Like That just finished. I haven't been able to treat myself in so long. It was so fucking sick, dude. It's crazy. You take time off and you're like, blow your mind. You're like, dude, You are like yo porn rules. I haven't seen it In so long. Porn's so good. Dude, if you Take time off it for real, like blows your, you get like seventh grade brain on porn if you like, just really take time off. You're like, oh shit, Guy's. That was in nice street. I think that lady's having an orgasm. Oh Yeah. It's pretty cool. Shit rolls. So I got that on for me. Nice Man.


Other than that dude, the big deal. The big deal for me, it was Friday heading out to Notre Dame. Dude's gonna be sick And I'll have a guest with me. I'm be there. That'll be awesome. I'm excited. I'll be there at the, We have a good, we have a good squad going. I know. I think I'll be there at four P. Okay. Sick. Yeah. I might, I might already be over there. So sick. Yeah, I'm excited about it. I can't wait. It's, it's gonna be Notre Dame better not fucking lose to Indiana, dude. Oh, well. Either way I'm gonna have my long undies on 'cause it's gonna be 17 degrees. It's Gonna be so cold. Definitely long undies. And you know, I'm excited, bro. I can't wait. It'll be fun. It is gonna be really cool. And then the problem is, if they win, that means, I mean, I gotta go to the Sugar Bowl, dude.


You'd have to, if they win, I gotta head down to New Orleans to watch them take on the Bulldogs. You Have to. That would be actually sick as fuck. Georgia Bulldogs. Yeah. If they win, you might be Good luck. You might be spending New Year's Day in Nola. True. All right, I'll let you go. Alright bro. Good. Talk To you Man. I'm gonna go get some dinner and dude, it was great talking to you. And I'll, I'll have back my, you know, I'll have to, I'll, I'll be able to stop meeting people, which, you know, not my favorite thing to do in the world. I've had to meet people. Yeah. All month. Not the best of that, but 2025 we're back. It's just fucking, didn't we put out like a best of one year they passed. Yeah.


Tell you pieces of shit. No, we're, we're good. We're covered. We're good until the new year, dude. And then we'll just fucking rip. Yeah. I'm excited. Yeah. I I'm super excited to get back to work with you in a professional manner. Exactly. And dude, let's, let's Just read, that's all I'm thinking about now. Let's just put out the best of again for this year. Like the old one. Yeah. Put out, well, I don't know, second edition. Edition. Dunno, we should back then might not be, they might not hold up. True. True, true, true, true. No, I'm glad to hear La Mayor's doing well. Guardini's in a diaper. Nate's doing well. Yep. Everybody's doing good. Yeah. Guardini his, he's messed up, but I think he'll get through it, so He'll be All right.


It's good he took care of it. I would've ignored whatever that problem was. Dude. Did He, he got a cyst on his ass. It's something like that. Yeah, it's something bad. Laer just had one of those, I had two. I've had 'em before too. But everyone's Getting cyst. I didn't have one. I I didn't have one for a while. I've, I've cleaned up my act. Lama's burst in a fucking urgent care and he said it smells. Yeah, it's a wake up call. If you and Lama's assholes are up to the same thing, you gotta start switching it up, dude. Gotta figure something out. All right. All right bro. I'll see you, bro. Thank You. PrizePicks. PrizePicks. Thank You. Later, bro. Goodbye. Let's get back to stone dance. You know, you're not actually supposed to use ice on injuries.


Who said that? Like, the guy that came up with the, the ice to injury theory. It was like, like rest ice, you know, RICE, whatever, that the, he recently came out and was like, I was wrong about that. What the inflammation that you get when you get an injury is actually your body. Like, like the platelets are rushing to heal that injury that you slow 'em down. Yeah. So you don't want, you shouldn't be icing. Whoa. And then people were like, fuck that dog. We're icing. We, you know, we've been doing this and it works. And he's like, All right, nevermind, nevermind. Just ice a little, I guess. Really. Whoa. But then, but then if the ice is heat good, then heat. If ice is Bad, heat and movement, you're supposed to be, you're supposed to heal things with like warmth because that helps the blood rush. And then movement of the thing So that it doesn't get stagnant in like, like atrophy or whatever else happens to muscle.


Can't wait to tell my wife that my wife's a big icer. I can't wait to be, and then if, if neither you're killing Children. It is, it is in their brain. It is in people. Like people when you tell them that, they're like, that's retard. What you're saying is retarding. Yeah. It's like the same guy that told you to ice is saying he got it wrong. Yeah, He Was wrong. Yeah. Fuck. Damn. I wonder if the hot shooter was trying ice and that's why his back wasn't getting, he was slowing down his platelets and had to shoot a guy about it. Yeah. I'm so feast. I don't know how I feel about it. Everyone is celebrating him and I'm like, I, I get that, but I'm like, is that ultimately the best move to be like Yeah, dude. Yeah. To prop some shooters up. So I didn't, I didn't know much about the shooter at all. All I all I, I kind of fixated on the fact that he got away on a city bike.


Really? Yeah. That was the thing. And I was like, damn, city bike should use that in their advertising. Like, that is dude, he got like, he, it was a, it was a citywide manhunt. Yeah. For this guy. How did He do that without putting his credit card in? I thought that'd be like the most traceable. Like if you took a lime scooter away, they'd like, yeah, there it is. I Feel like if the, the urban kids figured it out. Yeah. They're able to hack the system. I feel like if you shot a guy and you're trying to flee for your life, you think He was figure that out. Also wheeling against traffic the whole way. He was, he was like riding the city bike with no hands the whole time. Just, just throwing off the Trail. Giant speaker in the basket. Yeah. The city bike getaway is pretty crazy. Yeah. But I, I think he's probably not the first guy to get away from a crime like you were saying on a city bike.


But I wonder how people hack those. That's kind of nuts. People can hack lime scooters too. You can hack a lime scooter and do burnouts on it. That's cool. Knowledge. What Do you need? You probably need like a flipper zero or something for that. I wanna flipper zero so bad. What is that? What is that? It's like a little hacking device. You know what flipper zero. It's Oh man, this what a little like hacking device and it like, it can connect to like Bluetooth and like wifi and like a bunch of other like, like near field protocols and shit. And you can like reprogram. You can like take a ho hotel key and like duplicate it and what Is that? How people break Into cars. Also, it also has a physical key thing where you, you lay a physical key over it and then you can match up the notches on the little interface on the device. And then take that and get a key printed to replica. Yeah. Do you I wanna commit some felonies.


That would be cool. I wanna do some high level crimes. I Would like going into other people's hotel rooms. Yeah, That would be great. Number one, traveling with your Boys' be so tight And really fucking with them. It's petty Theft. You. Yeah. Dude, you could go crazy with That. Oh my god. Can you imagine, imagine pulling off a kidnapping prank on your boy in a hotel That would be so sick. That Or just a scare. Ultimate scare prank. How would you, would you, Would you go supernatural, jump On 'em in bed asleep? Totally. Jump on, Jump on. Imagine waking. Have your friends Screaming At the top of his lung in pitch black and a j It would be, it would be a jk. S a Come here Boy. Gimme that, that Motherfucker. Yeah. Lemme get that ass real quick. Just Choke 'em and let 'em pass out when they wake up.


Like, fucking kidding, dude. I didn't fuck your ass. Yeah, you're passing down. But I didn't fuck you. I just fucking jerk you. I jerked you a little bit just to make it Believable. Yeah. Stop crying though. Yeah. That would be terrifying. I'm like always ready for that to happen in a hotel room. Get Jerked a little. No. Well, I'm already, I'm, trust me, I I'm taking care of that. But the, I'm covering my bases with that. But That's your right whistle. You're already pre jerks. So soft. No one's getting me up, dude. Yeah. I depleted myself. But the, yeah, like I just hear like doors slam and I always assume it's mine and I'm always like, oh yeah. I'm like ready for someone to try to bum rush me. Do you ever have like the staff knock on your door? Is That what bum rushing is? Like getting your butt rushed? Bum?


I don't know. That's a good question. Yeah. Or maybe, maybe bums of the old, you know, bums of the old times just rushing you like, ah Huh. Yeah. I think bums used to like World War Z people and just throw their bodies at an obstacle. I Wonder what, what is a bum rush? Yeah. Now I'm curious if someone, because If, if it is like getting your bum rushed, I feel like that is the, the most dominant fear as a man. Like, having anything penetrate your butt. Unconsensually For Sure. I think it's a, even consensually is a big fear among men. But the, I think the, it's gotta be a military term. If I had to guess. Okay. B like BUM Like it's an acronym. Acronym or something. Maybe. Yeah. Okay. Tcho motherfuckers coming down. What you mean? Blum Is slang for tramps and low lights.


Oh. And it started in the early 1920s. Yeah. It's, that's the hopeless. It's It's A guy going, it's probably in your book A bum rushing. It Started in the 1920s. That was, that was the Jack Black book. Where bums, I didn't even talk about bum rushing. Mm. But they used to do a thing where they would take migrant farmers. They would like catch guys coming off of a, like getting onto a railroad from like working in like Utah for a summer farming. And then you'd have all your wages for the entire season. Yeah. And they'd have like homeless. They were called like the hobos or like the tramps or the, they called 'em Yik men back then. Yeah. Which was because the Chinese people, when they saw homeless guys would call 'em Yek, they'd go Yik man. Yik man. And they, they for you go the Chinese people like, can I have some food? And they'd like, yuck man. Yeah. But they, they, you know, whatever.


But they would like catch people who worked. Imagine working for a whole summer having all your money from that summer and then a guy just coming into your like train cart being like, gimme your fucking dope. I think that Was all shit. All travel. It was just like eventually you were outside of anyone paying attention and Yeah. You had to worry about the highway men. Exactly. Yeah. And well, the railroad guys would be in on it too. 'cause they would team up with the bums. The bum would be like, show me, give me, let me in the room and I'll split it with you. And then they would take all your money and just like, you're like an immigrant farm man. They would just kick you off the next stop and you just end up in North Dakota with no money. You were stuck back then. You were like, there was no go Start walking. No GoFundMe. You, that's just where you live from then on. And you had to just like, pray to God that you didn't die. But you know how, you know how like the, the, the Chinese, they go niga.


No, I didn't know that. You know about that. Yeah. So they go, they, that's their their is is Niga. So I'm wondering if like, that phrase came from like Chinese people just being confused about black people and they just kept saying Nega. What is, What is it? That's Crazy. I didn't know that. I knew they had a word that was close. Yeah. It's their, it's their filler word when they're like, you know, they're trying to figure out Nega nega, nega. And then they, when they finally get their word Three times in the Genie Shaq case. Shaq fool baby. I love Shaq bro. Yo Shaq. I'm heavy. He's getting paid. Papa John is crazy. Him doing the papa. I still can't get over that.


He, Papa John said the N word. Next thing I know Shaq just has like a million dollars Summed them. That's Crazy. Shaq Genie. Yeah. Yeah. What about, what about the subway choking guy? What do you think of that case? The subway choking guy got, I don't know the exact detail. So what, what was he just So I saw the Black Lives Matter guy being like, he was that clip. I will say it's very sad, but he was like, they're gonna choke us. We being loud. Yeah. Not the Best verbiage brother. I mean, bold Words as the movie theater industry dies around us. Yeah. We Need to do something about it. That was kind of great. I was like, come on man. Yeah. Anything else Politely turning and that's not working.


Yeah, dude. But I don't know what was the details? Was he threatening somebody? Was he like, yeah, He got on the train. He said, I'm ready to you. I I'm, everyone's been on the public transportation with a guy that says I'm ready to die today. Yeah. And then, and then he was, I think he, he made the threats to everybody. He identified himself as an immediate threat. Damn. And then the giga Chad jumped on his back and choked him out, held him. And he ever, I don't know if he ever actually choked him out. I think he just held him there for a long time. What? And the struggle sort of, it's Like a white belt fucking spa. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. So he, the guy died in a wrestling match. I mean, right after it. Well, you know that from, From what though? I don't understand that Embarrassment from getting choked by a white guy. I don't think he got Choked. Well, depending on who you ask on Twitter, it was either a combination of like drugs and hard living or it was, you know, the, the guy strangle holding him for six minutes.


Dude, there's A So he was strangle hold. Yeah. There's a's set. He, he had the rear naked choked. Not fully sunk. Dude, here's My thing. Yeah. If you're gonna go nuts on the subway, you gotta be ra ready. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know What I mean? Yeah. And it's like, you know, I don't know. He didn't shoot the guy. He wrestled him. Right. Yeah. So it's like, that is not great. But it's also like, like, dude, here's my thing. If I, if there's a homeless white guy who's being a dickhead on the subway and someone wrestled him and he died, I wouldn't even blink. I'd think. All right. Fucking later dude. Yeah. Yeah. Some of them go that Way. You weren't, you weren't wrestle ready. Some of 'em do go that way. Well did you, Did you see the detail that when, when I guess the cops or the EMTs got there, he was still alive, but they didn't wanna do CPR 'cause he was yucky. What? Yeah.


Yeah. They, the EMTs showed up and got the ick and they were kind of just like, it would just, you know, Hang out here. Let's just bang on his chest a little bit. My thing is already wake up. Come on man. Wake up. Come on. It's okay. You're okay. You're Okay. Yeah. He was already gone. He's he's already gone. Yeah. Like there, there's a small percentage of the black community that if they lose a fight to a white person, they die. It's over. Yeah. They just like obiwan. Yeah. It's just break, like, blow into the heat. Yeah. I mean, again, i, I don't really see, for me it's like, I don't know man. He was popping off. Yeah. He got, he was popping off and he got razzled. He Played the game. He Played the game. He got razzling. It's a Dangerous game. And I mean, if he was like fucking physically choking the guy out, and I don't know. Here's the thing. If a guy's going on like threatening women, like I'm gonna, I don't Was he just, what was the threat?


That's what I, that's a detail that I think it was like, I, I need resources and I'm ready to kill and die for them. Essentially. I'm paraphrasing, I need fresh water and food. Bitches. Yeah. It was like, I'm, I'm Starving and I need money and I'll do anything for it and I'm ready to die and I'm ready to kill or something like that. Okay. He was, that was his terms. Yeah. He was playing a game of life with death. That's that's rock paper. Scissor shoot. Yeah. Throw your hand. It is so funny for a guy to be like, yeah, All right, I'm gonna fucking choke this guy out. But he, he might've been getting in people's faces. My thing is like, say he did swing and like punch a lady in the face. If it was, if it was building up to that, it's Like, yeah. I mean, I mean there was, There was an old Asian lady that was about, that was only a matter of time. An old Asian lady Got Clocked.


Yeah. You are saying he was stopping Asian hate and he's a hero. He might have been. I dunno. Yeah. Yeah. It is funny too to think that like, you know, if you have some sort of martial arts training, there is something in the back of your mind where you constantly want to use it for good, obviously. But then you're, you're also like judging the situation where you're like, you see somebody aggressive and you're like, okay, but not that guy. He's big. You know? And then like Yeah. It's even worth it. Yeah. He finally met like the situation and the guy he'd be willing to fight, like sneak up on behind. Yeah. And it all came, but that's like, yeah. It's, what Are the odds? I think that's a, it's a problem, but it's like to build that into like a social injustice, I'm like, nah, man, that's a fucking crazy homeless guy who got wrestled. Yeah. On the train. He died. Like, that's, that's not like a systemic, I mean, again, the guy, I think That's where the public's gonna go with it too.


Yeah. I don't think, and nobody really, the guy got off. He got Yeah, your honor, I'd like to plead fuck around and find out. He fucked around. Yeah, he did. He He fucked around And he found out. And Those were his terms. Yeah. I am willing to die. You know, it's gonna be crazy. It's crazy though. Is that I, he's going to get a like, influencer boxing offer. You think So? I Absolutely, He's gonna get like $10 million to box. Like a canceled like kick streamer. You think So? Like P Pie or something? I'm here For it. Well, they're, they're there saw a post recently that was like their shooters and it was Kyle Rittenhouse and they're like our shooters and it was like ripped insurance guy. Luigi Luigi. That's the most, like, there's no way there's a guy, a 30-year-old guy named Luigi.


Yeah. Well I, that's so sus true. That is kind of weird. It, I, I did see a lot of the Italians should be ashamed of themselves. I saw a lot of my Italian com compatriots being like, we're back baby. It's like, don't, that's we Up. That's disgusting. Don't don't. Yeah. Don't put that on the pedestal. You don't, you don't think No. There's not a part of you that's like, yeah, let's go. Yeah. I mean it's like, it's cool, but it's like I, I, I don't know. I don't know anything about that guy. The CEO of a healthcare, like insurance companies are fucking brutal. But I don't know enough about that guy to be like, yeah, I think he was probably responsible for, or again, I'm just reading tweets. I think he was responsible for like an automated claim denial system that like really started Racking up bods.


Putting, putting The, the screws to people. Yeah. I, that's terrible. And then there was also, I, I think, yeah, I don't, I don't sympathize. I don't empathize for the guy at all. I get it. I do get it, but I'm going, damn dude, if a bunch of people start CEO o spasm, that's fucking, what would That look like? They'll just replace 'em with other CEOs and all those guys who are shooting people. It's gonna be the worst job in the world. You're gonna be forcing people in the corner offices and they're gonna be like grabbing onto the walls. No one's gonna wanna be a ceo. Take the fucking stock option. You can't do This to me. I'm a Family. My here's my problem with it. All of those dudes would love to also be a CEO EO who are shooting CEOs and like, yo dude, we're gonna put you corner office a million dollars a year. They're gonna be like, well yeah. Sweet.


Yeah, they are. That is take charge attitude. Like shooting somebody kid Shit. We like what you, it's like the hacker that gets hired by the F fbi. I, It's like, We like what you got. You're Just sitting in a corner office with a gun every day waiting for your match. Well, It's gonna be ceo. There's gonna be so much security now. Like schools need people with guns, CEOs, you know. Yeah. My School just had a lock slip. School just had a lockdown. He was lacking. Yeah. You answer the door lacking like a mu But these are also the pull yourselves foot by this bootstraps people where like, yeah, lackings your responsibility. Dude, I Couldn't agree more. You can't be fucking lacking. Don't let me catch You. Lacking. Every time I take my trash out, I'm, I'm not, I mean, I'm not packing stretch. I'm walking around just being like, I'm always ready for the bum rush.


It's just unfortunate reality. But I am for real. Anytime I take a trash out at night, I'm like, What you're saying couldn't be me. Couldn't Be bro. Yeah. Must it be never me. Must it be me. I still like, when I open the door, I kind of will peek. That's how you get someone. You open the door and p Yeah. Kind of like look out, see who it is. I'm not, dude, can't be me. Not that I'm respect that not, I mean, I could get got anyone can get got, but I'm really trying not to get got like that. Ride your kid's school. Get locked in. Somebody wrote a note on a, on a gym locker stall that they're gonna shoot the school up. And they wrote, it was like a day and then that day was crossed out and the next to it was the next day. Oh shit. Little rain date. Yeah. Yeah. Actually I got a lot going on that day.


Tuesday. I'm gonna come back on Wednesday school. I Got a doctor's appointment. I can't get supposed to get a lollipop. You know, the new Fortnite battle pass drops that day. So I mean, I'm gonna give myself 24 hours with that. Yeah. So there was a frill that, that was was that the first time you guys ever had like a school shooter? Yeah. Yeah. It was a big lockdown. And they wouldn't let the kids leave their classrooms. And some of the kids were pissing their pants 'cause they wouldn't let 'em go to the bathroom. What? My son's classroom figured out that they would put a trash can in the closet and they'd just piss in the trash can. And my son was so pumped that he got the piss. How long was his lockdown? Like three days? No, it was like a whole school day. I'm, I'm kind of jealous, I'm kind of jealous that like the kids of today get to do like lockdown tough in front of the girls.


I would've wish I had that opportunity to be like, yeah, let that motherfucker come in here, bro. My dog out in the end be like, ladies, I got you. Don't worry. You're Sharpening the metal edge on your ruler. Yeah, Dude, they, they, my son in my son's classroom, they barricaded the door and like some of the, the boys picked up weapons and they were like waiting for, they were like wishing the motherfucker would Battle around. I was, I was born in the wrong era, dude. Yeah. That'd have been so sick. Rallying the bros. You are like, bro, I'm gonna fuck this guy up so Bad. Got all hawking in the room, waiting for the Door to lock. Just cross. Just be like, Gimme A kiss where I got the battle babe. Yeah. I'm gonna go take a shit. I'm gonna go take the handle off the broom and break it in half.


I was kind of born for this. You might not be able to tell by looking at me. My dad's black. You Wouldn't know from talking to me, But you Would believe it or Not. But there's no, there was no suspect or anything. They got one, they got a suspect. It was, it was in the girls' locker room. So it was a chick. It was a chick. Now Some, the nerd nerds now are like, like Middle Eastern guys after nine 11, you know what I mean? Those guys would fly. Everybody like, what the fuck? There's good note like that. Everyone's looking at Every nerd like, yeah, yeah. But you have a bad day, dude. Yeah. Fess up to what you did. Yeah. You gotta anime trapper keeper. We gotta watch this guy. Why Are kids getting bullied like that anymore? Or is just this like pure nerd rage? Yeah, I think it's just rage. I just A move. It's a move. Yeah. It's A vibe. Yeah. Bullying. I don't even a vibe. It's just a vibe now.


It was just, I just felt it A vibe. Someone gets on, they're like, yeah, this is a, this is a viable thing. I can just be the school some there's goths, there's bullies, there's school shooter. Guys. I'm just gonna fucking wild out. Yeah. It's a parent's fault. Your kids Think it, it's your fucking parents' fault. There's no way, dude. If your kids are like, I'm gonna fucking shoot this motherfucker up. It's like, it's purely the parents. Yeah. There's not enough at to rebel against anymore. Yeah. Like parents, parents aren't given, you know, That's the new rock and roll. Yeah. Shooting up a school. Did you see that? Yeah. My parents said I can't shoot up a school. Yeah. Listen to it. One direction album backwards is like, do it. Yeah. Get Go. Yeah. Gun loose. It's so annoying. I wish I, I hopefully this fad dies.


Yeah. Shooting up the skull. Has It been one in a while? Oh, well, we have any wood or not, We're definitely in a slow season. I think It's been chill or they're just not reporting 'em. But yeah, I think they get reported every time. It's Yeah. It's a rating. Financial, it's a, it's a heavily reported thing. News. It might be overly Reported. Yeah. No, I th I think the, yeah, I think once I get there, it's like the Main driver of pharmaceutical advertising sales they need, they kind of are like hoping for one. Yeah. It could Be a close because This is the girl. It could be a close loop system. Yeah. I, I don't know. 'cause I think there was, the last time I followed it, I, I got kind of numb to the school shootings, but then I, I saw there was a lot of like involvement from a community that people hesitate to me they were say the last like two I think have been TransAm.


Mm. So then that like, it took on a thing and everyone's like, I don't wanna talk about this anymore. Yeah. But that was just my look. I'm not putting a value judgment on it, but I did hear that was going on and people started being like, let's not talk. This is just uncomfortable. Probably a lot of overlap in the, in the, the pool, you know, the, the path of the school shooter and the path of the early troon. What, You know, I mean the, the young No, please go over my brother. Please elaborate on this. It's all Just autistic kids. Yeah, I think So. I Think So. That essentially Deep autism. Yeah. And then, yeah, they had like my Little Pony for a while. That was an option. Can We cure that part of art? Autism?


There's gotta be a way. You Just give 'em enough sonic to hedgehog that they don't hurt Anybody. We got a drop to do, so we Gotta drop the new Sonic dude for peace. You should just totally stay fun. Like state fund the Sonic franchise. If you put Sonic at a pill and give it to them every day, Otherwise they turn pure a button. Sonic in a bill. I, dude Sonic is so unbearable to watch Except For people who have autism. It's crazy. Yeah. You, I I you can't pay me enough to watch Sonic, dude. I'm like, I have want nothing to do with a movie. I don't think, I don't know if they like, think it's good, but they, it gets them very horny.


True. There's no, there's like a pretty, I don't, I don't know what the percentage of the population is, but there's kids with like, there's no more compelling thought than Sonic the Hedgehog being pregnant. Holy shit. Their eyes would just glass over for like significant chunks of the day. They're just like, what if tale's got sonic pregnant? That would be pretty cool. Like, yeah, I guess I could doodle that. Sonic's a boy. I know. That's what makes it so interesting. Yeah. I was laughing, I was driving, I think last night thinking about this, how like, you know, every, it takes thousands of years for people to organize themselves, like with the ability to like gather enough resources so they can like philosophize and get abstract word. We've gone through like the Creek Society got themselves the Romans and we have America did that like a pretty short period of time and we're, it's funny, we're just sitting around us being like, what if I chopped off my penis?


What If so was Pregnant? Who's Wasted? Just like so many battles and hardships. Yeah. So you think the trans community are just modern day philosophers? I mean, it's it's a part of philosophy, Thriving and robust society. Yeah. They're a symptom Of it. Yeah. It's not even just them. There's like philosophers of gender studies and there's, you know, there's like other philosophers, They're like the aesthetics, they're like actually doing it. They're like in the cave meditating, chopping off their penis. Yeah. Yeah. That's like a big thing. It's like a, it's just like we, you know, we like handled matter and ancient Greek time. And now we're up to like, what to do with our dicks and pussies. Like, what should we really do With this next? What's the next tip? Next? And You are, you're always on the next tip. What's after this? What's after what to do with our dicks and pussies? I don't know. Or is That it? That's it.


We're in the end game. I Don't, no, never on the final frontier. Or do You have to start worrying about what, what, what? Like, I should worry about what You should do. What your dick and pussy we're Moving through that right now. Yeah. We're We're, this is gonna be our brains by the way. It could be if Neuralink takes off or whatever competes with Neuralink, it's, we're gonna forget about Dicks and pussies for a while and be like, what do we do with our brains? Be Big on our brains. Actually, the dick and pussy are just gonna be getting in the way of like, having direct access to the chemicals in your brain. That'll Be like the static on your satellite dish when you're getting bone. You'll be, God dammit, I can't fucking Remember everything. Fuck. Turn it off. Shut it off. It's fucking up my Neuralink. You Just get snow. It's like You're just Reciting like every single king of every European country and you're like, Fuck.


Hard As hell again. That's Gonna be crazy. Giving over your entire nervous system to the cloud, just so you could have access to Wikipedia in your mind. That'd Be very tight. This could Be really fucked up And we'll be fucked up. Yeah. I, I think 'cause it, it'll never stop because every new invention changes the world a little bit So that you then have a new conception of the world, which leads to new inventions. Which new conception? It's a spiral. Yeah. It's twin helix. Then There's like genetic modifications So that your babies can just come out the man. Yeah. I Don't know, dude. I, I think, I think people are gonna get, I think it's already happening where people are getting real into like pseudo farm life. People are gonna probably dial it down, but the new, new generation's gonna get into, like, They follow a lot of homesteaders on YouTube. Yeah. It's gonna be that for a while. But with the Neuralink, mm. I dunno how to grow my crop. I, I don't know. I honestly don't know.


I think we'll get, we will get over like the whole kind of like, because the, the argument's not even so much like the physical chopping off your penises and stuff. It's like, does your penis actually define you as like an identity? That's the question. It's a deep philosophical question. You know, who asked that question? I would say my personality's much bigger than my penis. Okay, Man. Don't sell yourself short. Okay. No, but I, that's, that's the question of our time. But does it actually, it's one of them. Does your genitalia actually have, like, is there like a reality that the type of genitalia have dictates the, the kind of in the way you'll be in some sense? Or iss it totally a blank slate. Yeah. I think we're, I think we're like to take a step back. It's like the way you need to come Okay.


Dictate that more, you know, and we just have to be You talking about Like reverse cowgirl. Yeah. It's like, however, like whatever way Getting blown from behind. Getting sucked in the back. Sucked in The back and Hummed. Yeah. Like maybe p maybe maybe puff, maybe p Diddy is a victim, you know, maybe he just achieved so much status that like he could start exploring all the different ways he needed to come, you know? Yeah. Mm. Victim of his own success you're saying? Or like, for sure, For sure. Victim of his own, maybe of society's constraints, you know? Yeah. Like, maybe he's not gay. Maybe he's just like, he got to the point where it's like, I need to come right now. There are no women in the room. Whoever There is, there is a, there is a, a wormhole. There's like a, a quick, like if you're getting that much pussy as he was probably getting, you can easily hit a wormhole and go full gay.


Like, it's not, I agree that it isn't his fault in that regard. Where it's like, I mean, if you have your fourth, like, I mean what's most that's nirvana, But it probably, that's nirvana for ultimate pussy guys. Yeah. You reach the, the final and you go, I was, it was gay the whole time. Yeah. I Was gay. It was just all, it was just all gay. And you transcend body And soul. It probably doesn't feel gay. Huh? It doesn't even feel gay. It's just like a, it's like convenient. You are like hanging out with your boys. Yeah. And you need to come and you don't wanna stop hanging out with your boys. Yeah, true. So you slip 'em a little. So I Starts party. Yeah. He's like, sign to Later go Paul the PlayStation real quick, Dog. We gotta do this. We got at 69 because that was like the cool boarders there too. This Paul's and cool boarders at 69.


Like a Dude in the baggie his Pants. I don't know Puff man, I'm about to hit the 10 80. Yeah. He, it's, that's a fair point. It's like, you know, he, but again, there, there was all the deception, you know, with like the drugging potentially. I don't know. Yeah. But even, even that probably gets to a point where it's like, Todd consent's getting boring For p Diddy obviously for p did for Pty. Pty dude who philosophizing people. So we can classify like This. I love consent. Consent's my favorite thing. I do, I like to, I'm not at, I'm not at the p diddy level and I probably never will be. So I'll never be able to like, figure out whether or not p like consent could get born. But like P Diddy, everybody wanted to fuck him.


He was having no problem fucking anybody he wanted to fuck for sure. And he was like, this sucks. Yeah. I need, I need to, I need challenge. Excite me. I need excitement back. He Need a challenge. Yeah. Maybe he Was waiting for someone to say no. Like, I think, I think a lot of these people, they, he pressured them to go along with it, but I don't think any of 'em were just like, I'm not really into it, man. Like, full stop. Yeah. I think he was thinking eventually someone's Gonna say but wasn't invented at that time was period. So you remember like period. So there wasn't, it wasn't like full stop. Yes, exactly. Full stop. We didn't have That yet. That technology wasn't invented. We had talked To the hands. No. Talked to the hand. That was just to slow somebody down. Yeah. Yeah. You can move right to the behind. That's a yellow light.


Talk to the hand was The yellow light. Yeah. It's a yellow light. And then you'd be like, as if, as if wasn't even as if, if right now in your dreams. We didn't Know how to say no back then. It didn't exist. Dude. The word the, you Know, the word the is unique to I think western languages. Not all. I think there might be some other cultures that have the word the, or some like equivalent to it. But like, there's a lot of other cultures that don't have the, and the word the allows you to bring other like, like verbs and adjectives into a noun state and abstract things that other cultures can't do. You're making me furious right Now. Yeah. Thing about that. I refuse to Think that, think about good good is An adjective, But you can say the good and it turns into like a noun that you can kind of abstract and kind of think like, what is the good, what is good actually kind of.


I thought it was kind of sick. So eastern Languages don't have the Some I don't think some do. Yeah. Like, like, and they languages, 10,000 years of spoken language to figure out. No. And they forgot the, they forgot the and forks. They didn't know it. It just wasn't there. Just like, we just learned. No, for Real. In 2020, we didn't Know what it was. Yeah. But yeah, dude, they don't have the, that fucking freaked me out. Native Americans were like all verbs. I like that. I, I was kind of set. I kind of like that. I don't know how sick is the though, dude, how sick is The That's pretty sick. I I was just bugging out on that the other day. I was like, damn, I didn't, it's a very High thought to see if in your mind you could define the word the Yeah, That's what I'm saying.


Dude. That's, it's like struggle. It's like I I is like crazy's me. No, that's me. Yeah. But some cultures don't, some cultures don't use I Really, Yeah. Some like African, like tribal cultures. They don't like, they don't have like ownership of things. 'cause it's like, it's all like a community based culture. So they don't have an eye. So they, they speak in things where it's like they, like you said, they don't have the either, but they speak in things almost as if it is the 'cause it's like a community. Yeah. But that's different. That's a collective. The is just like that thing. That thing over there. Yeah. But they don't have What about debt? That right there.


Yeah. Debt. Nah. Nah. I ain't Having that. Damn. Bring That ass over Here. No. What the hell are you talking about? And his fuck. No, but That's the first. No, he just Did. Yeah. No, It is suck. It is suck. Like it sucks 'cause You are like, you know, we're all organisms seeking pleasure and it does like to have that like no, you have to just be like, ah. And you gotta stop your whole horny body and be like, fine. That's Actually no is violence against men Curse You in your evil smells.


What Is V No, even. Anyway, Let's bring this into the abstract realm. This No, You speak of what is it? Well, Jesus Christ, God damnit, dude. All right, well I think we did it. Where are we at? Here about? Oh, only 50. What are we At here? We got plenty of time. An hour nine. Oh, an hour nine. I'm looking at that video going, what the hell? I just been definitely an hour. I could feel it in my bones. I could feel it in my motherfucking once. What, do you guys have anything burning on your minds you wanna talk about? Did you No, I just have a bunch of dumb shit I've been scrolling past in my head. Yeah. It's not Important. Only, only the most retarded stuff. Well, I'd like to hear it at least. Did you hear About the teacher that all the kids are be in bed and she said no one can go to the bathroom anymore and all the kids pissed themselves and she got fired.


What? Yeah. No. Yeah. I think they're all the kids were like your girl's age. How bad. What, like little, little kids. Yeah. He's like that. I told you guys, I told you guys to calm down and now no one can go to the bathroom and no, all the kids piss their pants and the teacher got fired. Yeah, Of course dude. Yeah. Yeah. The whole class pissing themselves is crazy. That is crazy. Like after one piss, you'd be like, All right, you guys can go to the bathroom again. Oh, that would suck to be the first piss You are, dude, you're all tapping your feet on the floor. Not trying to be the first pisser Dude. I think I would've jumped on the chance to be the first pisser. Really? Like You are little kid. That's a, that's a green card for pissing your pants. Yeah. When you're a little kid that's like, yeah. All right. I get how old were Was like four or two. What's that? How old were the kids? Like four or two. I get to piss my pants and my mommy can't get mad at me.


Yeah. Also little kids, if you're like, you gotta piss your pants. It's not that off the table You are saying they're Like, I knew a kid in second grade that pissed his pants in school and he had to change schools. Yeah. That second grade's crazy. But if you're talking like four year, 2-year-old, four is a little much, but two two year olds will piss. Don't give a fuck dude. Yeah. Nah, I know they're on their like, Chloe's on her potty potty training right now. But like, if I were to be like, I'm gonna wait till you pee your pants. She'd be like, alright pussy. And she just pee her pants. Man bet. Fuck you. Change 'em bitch. And I'd like, dude, shit, having to change all those kids at once must have sucked. Mm. What would you rather do change 18 kids peed pants or have a hundred guys have sex with you?


Get Piss in his eyes. He was s a lot of piss. That's a lot of piss. That's more piss than a hundred Comes. Oh, the smell, The smell A hundred comes or a hundred pisses smell. It'd be like 18 pisses. Or 118. Or 18. 18 pisses or A hundred comes. That's a, that's a, that's a, it's a Dan smell that's dense. That is Dan. Very dense. It's like a medieval tavern smell. The combination of both. That's a medieval tavern. 18 pisses in a hundred Cs. Oh Man. A hundred Cs is crazy there. There were no a hundred Cs in medieval times, dude. That was one. You don't think so a Hundred comes.


Yeah. The entire village had to split that in a year. They'd Have to burn the village down here. That, That Was like, you get like two throw torches on your thatched roofs. Yeah. You'd be out by yourself dude. If if, if you had a medieval guy smell a hundred comes. Yeah. They would like fall to their knees and be like, my God. Yeah. No, everything smelled back then. True. Everything did smell that butcher was Just, they might not even notice a hundred cums. True. It might not have the Tannery on the edge of the, you know, village fucking reeks. Do you think medieval people smelled their cu like they would bust load and be like, taste it. Yeah. My god. Because it probably wasn't gay in medable times to taste your cu Yeah, but weren't Like probably you had to get through the winter. Yeah. You had to ingest a little bit of it.


Yeah. True. You know what I mean? Like there wasn't like a thing being like, that's when guys suck each other. They didn't know about that. So they're probably like big time. Well do you think they, do you think they called each each other gay back then? Or is that off limits? I don't think you could. I mean, I don't know. I think that was like crazy. It's like, bro, you're making some pretty serious accusations right now. Yeah. I'm actually gonna run this pitchfork through your body if you say that again. I don't know what, you know, what you're doing with like your voice and like smiling right now. Like they didn't know laughing at all. That'd be Such a sick use of a time machine to travel through time and to call people gay and just see how they react and take notes. Walk like a Gay ass fuck. Then be like, excuse me, I, And you'd have to explain like, no, I think I'm accusing you of having sex with another man.


Like it would freak them out. They couldn't even conceptualize it. Just hit 'em With a 69 Case. The crops weren't stable enough to ponder gay Male. I'm still eating rabbits and Shit. Dude, that'd be so funny. Yeah, that'd be pretty wild. Gay. There's that guy. I can't stop watching his videos on YouTube where he, he has a, a convenience store on the south side of Chicago and he does gay. He like calls like he'll like just do like gay he'll insinuate the black dudes are gay and dude Oh, Hand them a pink lighter when they answer. It's a full medieval spa every day. The pink lighter. Yeah. I can't stop talking about This. Yeah. One of, one of those convenience stores. A guy was doing that and somebody left got in their truck and drove into that convenience store. Really? Yeah. It happened just recently. Yeah. You got He's playing, he's playing Too much.


Yeah, he was playing way too much. That's My thing. It's like, oh this is injustice. It's like, yeah bro, you're fucking around. I got your ass. Yeah. Yeah. He found out He fucked around. He found out. Yeah. But now what you think that was like real, you think that was staged? The the truck? Yeah. They could have been like, let's get the numbers dude, you get the insurance claim. I know someone's gonna jail for that. If you hit the fucking Yeah, you run into the motherfucking snacks. You crunch all the snacks. Crush All the snacks. Yeah. You can't crush. Not from the, not from the community. You fuck up The snacks. C That's gonna be a big thing though. Convenience store. Because it is a funny idea. You just get, because the convenience store is just like, you know, a convenience store in the hood. You're making what like a maybe, maybe a thousand bucks a day. I knew someone who ran a convenience store in like, I don't know, wherever the fuck it was.


Like, like Oak Lane somewhere. They were, they were like breaking down like the numbers of the convenience store. Yeah. It wasn't crazy. You, they were like, you make a living. But, but like you can make way more. My whole point is you can make way more doing the streams. So if you're using the, the convenience store just for the streams. Yeah. You probably can make way more. You Ever watch like the YouTube guys that run laundromats? They make that look pretty attractive. No. How that, how what do they do with that? They Just go, they go around, they collect all their quarters and shit and they go, here's how much money I made. And they count a bunch of money and they go, All right man, thanks for checking out the video. See you guys next time. Yeah. They break down like the economics of having a laundromat and all their locations are vending machine guys watch Those too. Vening machine ven vending machines. What's the numbers? What are they, how much are you pulling in from the laundromat? I don't know. Like, I think I've seen people where they were like, I made $3,000 this month.


That's passive income. You know what I mean? But then I think they probably do better from being a content creator. Yeah, true. But it's also, but they're coin rich, which is sick. That is cool. Being Coin Rich is nice. S Like screw into Yeah, screw Uck Rich Always wanna do that. I being Coin Rich is actually kind of nice. So Just to hear it. Yeah. You know have a money counter. You just have like a coin. One of those coin counters. Yeah. Coin Star in your house. That'd Be a great sound to have in the background. Your house, Did you ever hit the Penny Arcade or like the Coin Star? The Coin Star? Yeah. I lived on the Coin Star for shit. A stretch there. Shit Rules dude. Yeah. You ever get $40 from a coin star and be like, oh thank God. Yeah, it's awesome. It's the saving your change. I I So I still love that.


There's no better feeling when that, when that receipt prints out and your checking account is overdrawn. That's like, that is, it's Indiana Jones grabbing the hat under the door, Babe. Good news. I can get home from work Today. Yeah I did. I didn't like the grocery store ones 'cause I did take their cut and I'd always be like these motherfuckers. But TD Bank had Penny Arcade. That was free if you had a TD bank account. Okay. Yeah, I remember that. That was huge. And then you could guess, you could guess your total Price Won a lollipop one time. Did You really? Hell yeah. I got one time I got close enough where they gave me like a hat or some bullshit and I was damn pretty. They outta hats my day. But yeah, I Got I guess something nice. I might have counted it beforehand too. I might've cheated. Oh, I feel that hurts.


You know? Can you edit that out? Don't let them know that I Cheated, Cheated that. That puts me in a really negative light. I kind of lumped my quarters up in a way to give me a, you know, an ballpark educated guess. Yeah. Might like, dude, what are you fucking psychic? How the hell are, you know how many coins we have, dude. As long as you know in your heart that you didn't count every single one. Also, you know what, six saving ones. Save all your ones. And after like a month, dude, you're like, holy fuck dude. Dude, I keep a pocket full of change. Do you really? I love having change on that. I don't know what it is. Really? Yeah. I'm Jealous. You like the jangle? Yeah. I just like, I like, I like being able to like pay for things in exact amounts. Mm. Yeah. You know, does feel good. Yeah. Or, But I never used, I never used like money currency anymore. Always. I was always Using my phone. Always. Yeah, me too. I was always jealous of those guys could be like, here, I'm gonna give you this.


Gimme back the whole dollar. And I'd always be like, how did you fucking do that math You that fast? That's crazy. That's A baller Move. I never, I was always like, yeah, you win. Here's your dollar. I don't know how this worked. I don't even know if I gave you the right change, but yeah. Here You go. You said I'm gonna change I have with me right now. Who you working with? Where'd you get that change from? Did you fly with that change or did you break your bill? Yeah. I constantly, hold On dude. Now you're flying with I Just broke the thing into my hand. Lemme see what you, so look, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you guys both okay. And you're gonna estimate. You got, lemme make sure I have all the change. Wait, you flew with that change? I flew with that Change. Dude. Come on man. That's Crazy. Dude. Dude. Mile high club though. You ready? You ready? Let's give that change On that. That's your peak. I got it. That's your peak. Peak. I got a tiny peak. I think a dollar $75 75.


Oh shit. I just saw a second little bit. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. You, you saw it a second time too, right? Yeah. All right. So what's your, what's Your, can I, can I change it? Yeah. 2 25. 2 25. I'm gonna go with 1 cent. There's one. Wait, what's your guess? I, I thought 2 25 also. 2 25. Let's go. Ten two. Fuck. 2 75. Oh, Damnit. Yeah, I got that second look. I said that's about two 20. That's in the $2 range. That was All quarter. Well done man. Yeah. Hey, you know my hat's off to you man. You want fair square? What? What are you Gonna do with those? I don't know. I just, I just always have a pocket full of change. Like I, 'cause I never use it anymore.


I never, it's A good reason to have it on. Yeah. Yeah. You see one of those mechanical horses, you're like, I'm feeling like riding today. Get The tiny fire engine at the supermarket. Gotta put you in the yellow. I'm always ready though. This green Dude. I can, I can pop in the arcade right now. Bonus, you'd be trying to find dollars and stuff and try to make Change. Don't, don't do coins in the arcade anymore. Fucking power. Don't act like I Won't ball out on a power card. Please. I'll get hundred $80 on that. Look, I don't care what you say on this podcast. Don't act like I won't ball out on a power card. Dude. Crazy. I actually just got balled out on a power card the other day. Oh Yeah. Dave Buster. No, it was some other type of, like a similar bowling arcade place and a lot of the machines weren't working.


I was, I almost wanted to talk to somebody like, dude, you're what the fuck kind of operation You are running here? You have to get in someone's face about that. Yeah. Power card is fucking janky as hell. Mm. It's not working on this shit. The stop sign. 'cause it's not scanning and you're running again. Oh my God. Exactly. I'm going that. Are you taking my points right now? Excuse me. I'm trying to play Fruit Ninja. I I spent $200 on Fruit Ninja and it's not working. Well Get someone who can Trying to play four way ping pong with my 4-year-old daughter and it's not working. Mm. Nothing worse than a, a fucked up air hockey table. Mm. That'll make me, that's depressing. That'll be like, do you guys care about anything? Yeah. The half of the thing's not even blowing air.


Dude, I get pissed when I put the puck down. It's not dead spot. I'm like, bro, a dead Spot in the air hockey. It's, it's fucked up Some fucking bullshit, dude. No one cares about anything anymore, man. Yeah. It is upsetting. Nah, Customer service sucks now. Ah, it's, it's crazy. Yeah. It's so fucking bad. Almost everywhere you go. I'm astonished if someone's like, just even mildly pleasant. I'm like, what the fuck? Yeah. Let's become a CEO. You wanna get shot, dude, you be careful bro. Watch out. Yeah. Customer service has taken a, a hard nosedive that's Almost more understandable. Like, you heard like a cashier got shot. Like, well, you know, they've been acting up. Did They greet the guy? Actually, this guy's Actually get shot. They do.


By the bad man. Yeah. Shooting a cashier is crazy. Yeah. But they be tripping. They sometimes act like you can't Shoot that. I think the guys who shoot them come in and be like, I'm gonna shoot this mother fucking cake. Oh, this fucking, The Cashiers do pop off. They Do. They pop off too much. I mean, I think about it, You are like, the power of money just flows through you all day. Yeah. Did you ever see the, a phone store guy that they tried to rob and he stabbed one of the kids to death? What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Everyone else has seen it. That's it. Yeah. These two kids come into like a phone store or something and they like try to jump over the counter and grab all the shit. And the guy running the place pulls out a knife and grabs one of the kids and Wal the other kid runs and he just starts stabbing him.


And the kid just like bleeds out on the floor and he's going, I'm Dead. I'm dead. You ever seen that video? I don't know. I've seen videos like that. It's pretty funny. I I I saw, I have seen a stabbing video. I didn't know it was a phone. Yeah. Or Something like that. Did he died though? Yeah, he definitely Died. Yeah, he died, boy. Yeah. And the thing, the cashier posted the video himself like, you know, they tried it. They found, they found out what was up. Did he get In trouble? I think he, they tried. I don't know if he was convicted or anything like that. I Mean, did if you have, did he have that thing a kid have that thing on him? I, I don't Know. I I don't, I think the one that got away did. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think the one that was left had The thing on. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen those videos where they shoot, shoot guys like coming behind seven 11. They blast 'em. It's just a, just 40,000 comments.


Like that's what you get. Yeah. That's What you get. And it's like, yeah. I mean if you're, it's a dangerous game. You Ever see Indian guys defend a seven 11? That's cool. Yeah. That's Really nice. I've seen Those. They're pretty cool. There's a really good one where a guy comes out behind the cast behind the counter and they just start hitting him with like brooms and shit. They're not really doing any damage, but like, they're definitely getting some Indian aggression out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. True. You bloody bitch bastard him with bitch bastard over And over Again. Pulled off. He had to get, he was like going him, he had to Get pulled off. True. They throw some fucking taquitos at him. Just scalding hot, just trying to throw some pour molten cheese In his ears. A medieval Portrait. You should have the cheese barrels just come down.


Oh, that would be so sick. When castles Have defend line, defend the Line, come out the hood goes crazy on you, dude. Yeah. You have to barricade yourself in there. Yeah. That's, Hey man. Yeah. If you can't be an armed robber, you get killed. That's live by the sword. Die by the sword. Yeah. Pretty Honorable. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't, I don't know what it is. Maybe I'm, I'm just fucked up, but I don't get riled up all the stuff people getting riled up about online. Like, I just see it and I go like, huh, okay. I'm in the mode. I just get, it's all an abstraction. I Dunno. I don't dunno. That guy I stay in I mode. I mode. Yeah. Like I guy. Yeah. Yeah. I just watched that shit and I'm like, I don't know. I don't think we guy, but how do you feel? You shouldn't be Having a reaction to it.


It, it's almost like abstract information. It's so far from you. It, there's almost no way it can impact you. It's none of my business. It's A huge mistake to constantly just be seeing stuff and be like, you know, it's, It's like for real, like a mental disease. But then, but then there's like the thing, but then there's the spazz about the reaction because the Black Lives Matter guy was calling for black vigilantes and then people were like, can you fucking Believe This? And it's like, oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. It's all the same thing. Shut up. It's just people spazzing out. People in botch just, you're all Dipping in the same punch bowl. Exactly. It's like, well actually we're upset now. We're deeply offended. And it's like, dude, get the fuck outta here. Yeah. Go take a walk. Get a fucking life dude. Get a fucking life, dude. Get a fucking life. It's not gonna, it's, I don't know. It is just that shit. Fucking bother. Please Get a PS five man.


Just get a PS five and shut the fuck up. Yeah. Do something man. Just go fucking, I don't know. Do something else and read it. I, I can't believe a lot of it's fake, but I, I really, I think people are genuinely reading it and like engaging and freaking out being like, dude, oh fucking this is fucking bullshit. Yeah. It's, it's half people being tricked by the dead internet and the other half is bots. You know, What is the dead internet? I, I've never really had that explained to me. Was I talking To you or swim about it? Swim. I think I was talking to Tom about it's dead internet theory is that like, almost everything you see online is not real. It's not real people. And then when you see real people engaging with it, you kinda look at 'em and just like, that's all you're, you're, you're being tricked. Do either of you guys go on Facebook still? Every now and again.


I don't, I don't really post that much. What's popping on Facebook? I'm mostly, I'm mostly on Facebook marketplace. Yeah. That's, Yeah. Facebook marketplace is kind of nice. Some characters there. Yeah. It's kind of nice. I I I went off of Facebook for the longest time and I, like, I went back on like here and there. 'cause people are like, oh, I message you on Facebook and every time I get back on there I'm like, oh my God. It's like a, it feels like a ghost down to me. Yeah. I like, I like look at it for seeing my boys celebrating wins and I'll like those posts and as soon as I see something complaining, I get right off Facebook. Yeah. Facebook's cra is that I, I can't believe it's still going on. There's Just nothing happening over there, man. It's a dead Zone. How's the comedy? Philly Comedy Network on Facebook? Is that still people spazzing out? No clue. Haven't checked. No, there was, I saw, 'cause I saw one.


Was La May's still lording over it? Is he Really? Is he still, is he still hold the reins of that thing? I think So. Yeah. He might, that was the dude, the black comic that also used to drive cabs or maybe is a taxi driver. He put something up and people went ham on him and I was just like, I got, I can't, Yeah, I'm outta here. I'm, I might go back to the Philadelphia Comedy Network and set, like start some sort of multi-level marketing comedy thing or like, do you guys want a big podcast? You might have to get in line. Take my Lesson. I have internet lessons and have people sign up and just rip. Dude, I like the hawk too. I think too. The coin. What do you mean? Yeah, the Coin Hawk tour, at least their own Cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrency. And then just She rug pulled them.


You think she rug polled or do you think she just I Don't think she had any idea what was happening. I think two two right now. I don't think she's learned a single thing about it. Yeah. Yeah. She, she was rug polled as well. There Could have been dudes. No. Yeah, she benefited from it. Yeah. She probably made money. But there's probably dudes who are like, we're gonna set all this up for you. It was like, they're Doing it to like a, they designed it to like MMA fighters. They're just, it's like a roving hoard of like tech wiggers in, in California. Why dude, what's the draw to be like, this is a unique coin. It's gonna ride. It's like a penny stock Basically. Yeah, they, yeah, they go, look, there's no better way to capitalize on all the recognition that you're getting. You, it's never been a hotter time for you. What we can do this is we're gonna build a community. Okay. It's gonna be like a financially independent community around your identity and you can't lose, you know what I mean? And then like the first day the price shoots up, they rug pull and then the celebrity is standing there like, what the heck?


Oh, Thank You for the $15 million. But everyone's really mad at me. Aw, sucks. Everyone's Pissed. Sucks. They're the best of people who are like, I lost my life savings in the Hawing team. No, I don't Believe, I don't believe that's any, I can't believe those. I think it's gotta be a bot. Yeah. Or You'd be surprised. There's people probably like, it's a no brainer. Yeah, the same too is hot right now. Beanie Baby people. What happened? The beanie, the Beanie Baby. They like people that thought Beanie Babies were like the way of the future. Oh yeah. Yeah. So they invested their life into Beanie Babies. Oh, the original Rug Pull. Yeah. Those same people are the people that are like this hawk to a can't lose. Yeah. It's too big to Fail. They talk to like a POG advisor and he is like, look, Babies are Hot right now. Well, didn't see like a 10-year-old did a meme coin and it got, he got like $30,000.


I Was like, Got like cashed out and rent. Now I think he might be in big trouble. But then I think, I think, and then I think they, they boosted that. So like he could have made like $12 million if he didn't like rug pull in the first, you know, hour or so. I mean, how could you blame a 12-year-old? That'd be so, So powerful. So You should meme coin. That'd be tight. Rug Pull. Matt coin Rug pull would be nice. You call it Rug pull. Like I'm going to tank this dollar Sign, rug pull. I don't know how that works. But you need, you would need your own independent blockchain for that. Or is that just like, what even is it? Nobody knows. I mean the, the one, The person I, these people Venmo you their money and you're like, oh look.


Yeah, it's up. Yeah. I don't think anyone's like inventing new technology. I think there's just like copy and pasting the framework of every other coin and then you just give it a cool name and have like an endorser and that's, that's all you need Really. Not a bad. Yeah, you could probably do It yourself. There's probably some YouTube videos for how to Do it. What if I turned it into an NFT? Now we're talking, I think That's, that's old and busted. Is it Really? That's Dusty now talking your meme coin into an NFT. Yeah. I never understood that. People were like, no, you can just start one. You can do like a picture then you like sell it for $30,000. Yeah. Yeah. I never understood That. I can agree. No one's paying $30,000 for anything I can produce. Might be surprise For like a drawing or something or an internet. That'd be Crazy. I don't think any of them, none of them are like great art. I think it's, it's like they wanna be on, it's attached to you, you know?


Crazy. Crazy. Yeah. You got meme up. Yeah, I should meme Coin. Time to go crazy. Meme, meme, coin Rug pull. I'm out. I promise you won't. I'm outta The game. I'm gonna rug pull. That's the whole point of this Though. You have to promise that you won't though. Oh right. I definitely won't, but then I will. No, there was, okay. So there was the, the way that they argued back was that they said they weren't rug pulling, they were saying other people were driving up the price so they could, you know, dump, Dump real quick. Yeah. And so pump and dump I guess. And so, but even if that is the case, what they did was they had a high transaction fee for all of the purchases. So the, even if they weren't the ones doing the rug pull, they were getting 15% on, on every transaction.


Damn. So they still pocketed, you know, $20 million or whatever. Really? Yeah. Even, even if they didn't do what everyone is saying that they did. Well, I don't know. I'm just going off of what a coffee Zilla said. Thank You. Coffee. Yo, shout out coffee zilla. Man. Shout out Zilla. Yeah. Yeah. It is a, I mean, again, it's like I've, I've no disrespect to the Tua, but it's like, it's a non, it's like a non product. It's like a non, it's like an offshoot of like a weird, like there's no real value. People Are o no one wants products anymore, man. We're past that. True. We're in the new phase. Yeah. We just wanna like monetize weird personalities and just be like, fuck. And people just wanna think about a weird thing and then have money assigned to it. That's all. That's true.


Well That's pretty sick. That is pretty sick. Yeah. I'm gonna do it. I'm hungry. Ooh. Whoa. I'm great idea. Let's go. Munch. I'm starving. You guys fucking rule. Thank You so much. Thanks for Having, thanks for bringing, thanks For Sydnee and Tim Butterly. Thanks For flying us out here and putting us up in the lap of luxury. Yeah. Dudes. What can I, what else can I do? Dude, I can't believe it. What else can I fucking do? Yeah, thanks For making me feel like I have to jerk you off. I know. I did feel safe when I got in. When we got in a hotel and saw how nice it was. I felt sexually pressured. Yeah. Well guys, this is the industry we're in, right? This is the industry. How bad do you want? Now we're just gonna chill by. I just chill. Play some basketball in my house. Wifes going out. Yeah. Shirts. Shirt's. Good. No Shirts. It's naked basketball. Tonight's naked basketball for sure.


That's the best Part of the weather down here, man. You can play naked all year round. Don, you man. I'm trying to, I'm trying to, you know, get My status. No, RO showed me it, man. It's cool. I'm trying to defeat Noah in my life as well. That's the point of it. Yeah. So enjoy the room. Hell yeah. Enjoy the rooms. Thank You buddy. The cool walls in that place. Yeah, The walls are so cool. Bye. Thanks Remy.