
If not, it's recording on Hero. We can do How podcast should be audio only. Audio only. You know, you know, I like that. I'm tired of people commenting on my physical features. Yeah. I don't like that check every day. You should take a picture and then like hold it up. Like a still image. Yeah. And then just find a nice, the audio. Yeah. I don't know. Even my nicest photos fucking destroyed. I got AI myself. They've been doing that. What's that? They've been doing that. AI and Me? No, no, no. AI and like major things that are happening right now. Oh, nice. Like what? Kamal Harris's event. They've Oh yeah, yeah. They're, They're coming out saying like, the shit is an AI generated image. Like, they're like, look at this massive fucking crowd and it's just AI generated.


The Leah Co Center got me fuming, bro. What's that? It's like against the law. Right. They did that with Taylor Swift, The chief. They tried to bomb a, they just tried to bomb a Taylor Swift fucking Oh. The Chiefs Taylor Swift was fucking nice. What? They made like a really hot picture of Taylor Swift. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like getting like spanked by chiefs fans. Oh. The ai. And you know, it was, That wasn't real. Yeah. Fuck. I jacked the off Clinton. No, but it was like, yeah, it was, I saw it briefly and then later on I was like, I'd like to see that again just for research on this. Couldn't even find it. They took it down. What the hell? They took it down And. they like had a congressional hearing about it or something.


It's like against the law to make like, or they're trying to make it against the, aren't they? Or like make You can't like, that seems too close to being able to like draw a nude. That's What I mean. It's bordering Charlie Hebdo. You see, you could draw some nudes. Oh Yeah. I'm Just thinking about you were talking about pictures. Like, do you ever get a pic? Do you ever see yourself when Uber Eats takes a picture of you? Oh, that's a fucked up Situation. Dude. I have a holding The bag like a big game hunter. That is tough. Third time today. Case In two marinas. Please Only see if I can find y. Oh wait, they keep 'em in there. Fuck dude. I must have a gallery.


Insane gallery. Yeah. I've saved a couple of I. just like long basketball shorts. Yeah. And the guy's like, lemme take a picture of you. I'm like, you making fun of me And? he said, no, I have to do it for the app. Yeah. Logging into a, like, airports have those where they just take a picture of your face camera's at a desk level. It's just you going Driver's License. Just got my license again. Really? Ooh. Another brutal photo. What? Insane photo. Yeah. Oh yeah. I showed you my photos. And He was like, do you wanna retake it? And you gotta be a man. You gotta go. Nah, I don't care. Nah, it Doesn't even Matter. You gotta just have that for the next six years. I Did that with the retarded dude by your parents eyes.


Yeah. The one, the one gold. You gotta put that all the way to him, bro. Don't be, don't be scared to tug on that. On, You know, solve special needs by the, your parents. Yeah. Yeah. That dude took my picture and it was so FI like I I gained like 30 pounds in the pick And. he Is That good. I was like, it's good man. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you very much. Doing. And I drove for like five minutes in like a swirl being like, that's what I look like. That's what I, Yeah. I see myself in pictures all the time. It just fucking kills me. I Had to take something this morning. Insane. For, for what? I just woke up and got coffee and people ask for a photo. Oh, And. they, it's a selfies. You just see your own face. Like right when you look at it, you're like, oh fuck. Looks like you just got punched in the eyes. Yeah. Just the fattest swollen face going.


That's why. Yay. Crushes that hook. Dude. Dude, you gotta get the full face zipper and just Beast out everywhere. Actually. Might be nice. I got some brutal photos. Photos And like, you Got some brutal photos from that. Oh, Zach Brown Performer. Brian Performance. That was so bad. Just, I mean, dude, Yo Spade, he was the boss was behind him. Bruce Springe. Yes. Holy Shit. Yeah, they, dude, I got so fucked up. I got so fucked up from not sleeping. I was so fucked up from not sleeping when I came back from my trip and I got a little drunk at Pool. Right. And dude, late at night, like I was so wired. EJ was like, how are you still awake dude? And I was like, I don't know. And we're just talking and like, this is, I don't even know how to put this into words, but I was so like tired and emotional.


I started talking about this like thing where Bruce Springsteen was dealing with the Vietnam vets during born the USA, you know? And I was like trying not to cry, just telling him about a fucking documentary. Now this is where I get emotional. We were talking about the boss and I was like getting all fucking into my feelings about it. Damn dude. I, I've had that a lot lately. Lately. I got hung over an emotional this yesterday. Did you Cry? I was close and it was the most embarrassing part. This Dude revenge of the STH with bad events saying, I love you, I can't go with you. And I was on the couch going, This Is really good acting now. Natalie Horman's. Like really good. Yeah. I just, I, I don't know why. I just have been like, I don't know if it's like 5G here.


I'm just becoming softer. It's 5G. It's 5G. It's not us. You're killing our testosterone. I like, I like, I don't know, maybe Reggie and Steve are just making me soft. But I see shit now and I'm just like, Fuck. Yeah. Your dogs are making you soft. Yeah. Yeah. You love your dogs. You love Reggie and Steve. Wow. I'll kill for them. I get fucking destroyed by Puerto Ricans every time I take him out in the day. Oh My God. Lin like, fuck. I revisit when juice Was dying and I was crying. Oh. When juice was dying and I was crying. I go, what's gonna happen man? And you're like, you're just gonna get up. It's just be another day dude. What's your problem? Remember that? I was a kid, man. Yeah, you were a little fucking dickhead. I Was just having fun a few Years ago. You were a little hardass.


How would you feel if you were me being, I was constantly getting fucked With, if I was a guy and my be and my best pal's dog was dying, I say we gotta get over this. Obviously it's sad. I gave him some days to grieve. I don't want to think about them fucking dying. I want, I think about everyone dying. I just fucking destroy against me. It is nice. These sth fucking rules. Yeah. When Wan goes to get 'em On the planet, That's Fucking tough. It's nice. Yeah. Or use Blizz Mike. That might be easier. Oh yeah. Blizz. Yeah. Blizz. Anytime Spade starts talking, just put it in his face. Pause Paul. You say Bill Anakin. Joel Anakin. Dude. How are you? Yoda or Obie? I want to be oby. He claims Obie so hard.


I'm Small. You have to be Yoda though. Small like Yo Fucking dude. Trump got fucking endorsed by Mus. Full throated. That was wrong. Where'd he do It? That's what he said. He is like, Elon Musk supports me full throated Trump dog's dying to say some wild stuff. He's getting old. He's Getting old. He Is getting real old. That's what my mom hit that shit where it was I just like that. The speech he did with all the black chicks and said they were 35 minutes late. Amazing And. he was just like, mom's like I just like him. 'cause he just doesn't give a crap. It's like, yeah mom. I agree. He is a real Renegade. That's what I want out of a president. Obviously dude walls is a fucking freak.


I don't know anything about walls. Bill Hate, hate him. Stolen valor guy like you hears stolen valor. I could never Stolen Valor. It's a felony and then a merch. Harris Walls merch is like tree camo You see? Yeah. Rail tree. Yeah. The the non-binary are trying to take real tree back Macio and real trees like in their fucking gear now. Yeah. That's, that's only for guys like us. It's only for hunters like us. Yeah. I've never shot. Yeah man, a rifle. It's only for blue collar hunters like me wearing tree Camo, holding up the Uber Eats. If I Fat pussy crying during your venue fucking Uber eats. I would make a face. Like I took a shot if I had to cut a deer. It's like, ugh. I'd be very sad dude.


It's fucking gross. It is gross. I've been around it. It's disgusting. It's fucking disgusting When they're hanging stuff. He's In a garage cutting a deer And they're like, dude, it's great beef jerky. And the beef jerky has fucking hair disgust, fucking wow. Bill's beef jerk. He's good as shit. Yeah. A guy in my, when I worked at a car dealership at once a week during deer season, he would bring in deer. Like he'd bring in like a crockpot of like a Isn't there like a nuclear plant near you too? Yeah, there's Just smile out. Just the worst beef jerky on the Planet Jammed. Everyone's jammed. Just deer with six heads. Yeah. I was just talking to a dude about that. He was like, he lives in the one up near like Levittown or some shit. And I was like, bro, do you just like fucking stare at that thing and just wait for it to pop?


Yeah. It's fun to stare at. But like, dude, that's fucking scary shit. Every time I cross that bridge I stare at it. I go, ooh, three mile out. I get excited every I say, Ooh, the mighty Susquehanna. That's Every time me and spades, every time I Drive over I go to the Mighty Susquehanna. The mighty Susquehanna It is mighty dude. It's fucking huge. It's big and mighty. I like big rivers. There's no denying a good big river. What do you think about the ax bro? Fully mod. Fully mod tall cast or no, no, no, no, no, no. Leave it up there. It's on, it's not a, it's not in tune. Full fully tele, Hold on. Lemme tell you the how sick the axes were. There was some sick axes. Oh fuck bro. I wish I went. True Dude. It was, it was. It's Like you forgot mine or Something. I'm not gonna, you know, it's a cool experience so I'm not gonna, Dude, you don't have to be ashamed of the fact that you gotta to go to the Zach Bryant concert.


Well we went twice. Me and BL went to both Obviously Because we were there Friday And. they were like, the boss is coming tomorrow. And it was like, well I guess, you know, we had a couple drinks. I was like, I'll definitely be there. Woke up yesterday or Saturday just hurt. I was like, fuck, I gotta go back to that again. Then you, you know, you get there, you get a couple solids, you go, oh shit. Awesome boss and veneers. That could be on there. What's The difference between being on stage with you? Just doing Sam comedy and live music? That has to be like, it was the moston better Most. It was the most uncomfortable I've ever been, bro. It's so bad. It was, Were you drunk even Watching it From the I was, no, I wasn't like hammered yet, dude. It was, that's like going to a wedding and being like, come on, get on the dance floor.


It's like Time fucking 90 million and everyone else has a guitar and can just go like this air guitar bro. You have to, I hit an air guitar for about five seconds and then most of the time stood completely upright with my hand in my pocket while everyone else was dancing. It was fucking, it was crazy. You just keep getting in these situations. People were acting Hanging Out the too early. What's that? This Hanging Out the Tour so early. Dude, I was up there for eight minutes. There was Like two solos before you, it was like two guys like wailing on like a banjo. But at one point I was just like facing out away from the, you ever see that? You like Jim Morrison. Did You ever see the Dutch National Team Soccer team where they have like special needs kids? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then there's a bro with Downs in front going.


Yeah. I was literally doing that. I was standing on the edge of the stage by myself just going, whoa, look at all this. And then I turned around and it was Bruce Springsteen was right behind me playing a guitar. And He was like, yeah. And I was for real like, oh yeah, they do the same. Just Holding back, throw Up. I was thinking like I gotta, people would, my friends were down there like dance. I could see my friends like, you gotta do something. You should just started air humping. They started asking security. They're like, can somebody get him off stage? You are, he's scared my friends. They're like, he's fucked up. We gotta get him outta there.


I would fucking melt dude. It was, yeah. Hold on. I'll show you a fucking video of it. When? Well, I guess after maybe you literally see me going. I always thought about that. 'cause like I'll watch videos like Stevie Ray Vaughan perform and like standup must feel cool when like you go out and everyone like fucking freaks out. But if you're ripping through a solo on cocaine, I don't think there's a feeling that comes anywhere fucking close to that. No dude, the Just me. That was me the entire Time. Oh my God, bro. It's kind of sick though. Yeah. Mean it was the coolest shit possible. But Then you went home and watched Star Wars and cried The next day. I watched Star Wars and cried. Dude, there's nothing Good allegations on you, dude.


The allegations are Strongly, I want someone to just make a highlight tape of you meeting Aaron Judge going out on stage and everything. It's getting worse. Here comes The boom. Theism is for real. Getting significantly worse. I just don't know what to do in those situations. I mean, and everyone else has a guitar also. Yeah, you have to. You think you know the words to the song until you get on that stage. Oh no. And you go, I have no idea where I am. Everyone else has headphones. Yeah. So they can hear where you're at in the song. I had nothing. I was just up there like they won't even sing. Yeah, you have to sing the one part of it. But then they would be like, come on, jump in and sing the whole Yeah. Yeah. It was like, I have no, I, I don't, I'm like Just hit the hold up. The wrong lip sync is the greatest movie Can Pull.


I had nothing but wrong. Lip syncs the entire time. Dude, it was so bad. You got it to Ashley Simpson dance. And then they Had to, they had earphones so they could hear me singing and dudes would be like, why? Because I was screaming. They just hear you breathing screaming, dude. Oh yeah. That's fucking terrifying. Hold on. This lady is you watch live. Yeah, I got to see it live. The audience did very much enjoy it. I mean they went crazy. Yeah. Went crazy. It was Awesome. Made me almost crazy. It was really cool. That's awesome. It was pretty backstage. They like, literally as soon as Bruce Springsteen gets off stage, they like card him to his dressing room and then they like block it off.


Really? But then we walked back there and there's like two dudes with like very intense goatees blocking Bruce Springsteen's thing. Yeah. And Six Walks by And. he goes, Yo, what's up? Who's backed there? The boss. Nice. Yeah. Six in six at that. Six him. Two dimensions at once. Crazy. How about, Yeah, six. And then he'd just leave. He would just is by himself. He's always like, I need to smoke cigarette. Fuck this. He walks around the stadium, he gets lost in the stadium. I'll get a text like Yo. They're not letting me up there. I'll just meet you guys at Bonner's later. Just, Yeah. It's like, dude, how far out of the stadium did you go? What. the Fuck.


How crazy is this So? That was right when I got older. People were, it sounds like people are dying. People Were going, People were going, Oh my fucking God. Dude. Here's the one. It is there's them doing the Trump dance and then there's Bruce Springsteen, The Trump dance right there. Also a Teleman. It was, I Like his early Work. It was awesome. Zap Bryant's the bro. Lumineers are the bros. Really Couldn't Be. Might've been the nicest. He and Wesley and his wife. Yeah. Wesley's. The Brenda Are like the nicest people.


They probably were the best fans too because everyone I know who likes the Lumineers is very easygoing. Yeah. It's Very nice. I about the car on the way back. Yeah. So Blues. This is just sitting in the back next to the lead singer of the Lumineers And. he iss like, why don't we play my new album? And we're like, yeah, definitely puts it on And. he is like, turn it the fuck up. Put it the whole way up. Blast this shit. We're like, yeah, it was sick. Then he starts singing with it. Yeah. Just in a bucket seat next to Blizz. And Bl is like, Yeah, I just had to like smile and be like, thank you for playing this. It's really nice. And he's just, I just like keeps singing. I'm like, I don't know what to say to this, but it sounds good, man. Rockstar Lifestyle might not make it For real. Actually Whole Click yesterday was, yesterday was a big time.


Might not make it. That's why it was time to cry during pama. That's the time to do it. George Lucas Pull it outta you. Lucas. Yeah bro. Fuck it. Spielberg's making a movie from the viewpoint of the evil man in horror film. That Good. It's, it's fucking scary shit. Fucking It. It's called Perspective. I think that's, and it's just the fucking, this entity that goes around. It's a little scary. I just fucking maxed out on Be Spooked. The Shining. Shining Rules. That's as scary as I'll get. It's really scary. I Heard Long Legs as scary. Did you watch Long Legs? No, I Have not. Sorry. Stevie and Reggie getting into something. Yeah, I always are Up to No Good.


Stevie fucking eats so much shit. It's fucking disgusting. They hit you with that shit breath. Like, oh, come here. It is just immediate fucking shit Breath. Yeah. My sister's dog, Riggins has the worst breath of all time. He will just come up to you And. he is the, he's the best guy. He is just a big fat old dog. And he'll come up And. he is so nice. And. they he'll breathe and you're just like, oh my God. They got that Ptosis down. It's too late. But yeah, that was, that was about as cool as it gets. Yeah. I wish I, oh dude. The worst part is I get up there, everyone's doing solos and you, I could gotta stand there. Yeah. Or try to dance the other guy. There's only one other guy on stage without an instrument. And. he is the hottest, most charismatic dude On Earth. Oh yeah. That's crazy. They have a, just The hottest guy on earth.


What's he doing? He literally just run around and be like, yeah, I get the fuck up. Running around the stage. Like JC with Kid Rock Hype Beast. He was a hype beast. He's a hype Beast. Hot dude. And then there was one part of a girl at the end was holding up a thing like, you know how they write things on holding it up? And she was like, to me, and I was like, Hey, what's this say? And it was like the guy in the green shirt is the hottest guy of all time. Yeah, right. See I watch a lot of those compilations of like chicks at rap concerts with their boyfriends. Like, I will fuck you right now. And her boyfriend's right behind them. That fucking Hurts. Yeah. You can't watch that. That's the devil, Obviously. Oh my God. Spade sends me devil, his shit sometimes sent me shit last night where it was just fucking man on the street interviews and the chick goes back with all the dudes and it's like, I only fucked these guys.


No. Who's the dude that's going around going, will you cheat on your will You? are you gonna get him back Ever? This what? Microphone. Microphone. Please give him mic. There's A, there's a dude, there's a dude that does like on the street interviews with girls And. he is like, you know, are you going, are you gonna make him pay for that? Are you gonna get 'em back? And? he like, oh yeah, I'm out tonight. I'm cheating tonight. Never saw this. No. We live in a fallen state, bro. Shit gets so sad. Spa just watched Braveheart last night. Oh, Do you guys, have you guys been watching the Kensington Avenue livestream cameras I seen before. Okay. Yeah. What? I drive up it every Tuesday. Oh yeah. You see it. You see it real life. It's kind of getting cleaner, honestly. I know they, yeah.


Yeah. Like in regards to That's Kamal Kenzie. That's Kamal bro. No, it's a new mayor of Philly. She's a motherfucker's bro. Chinese woman. I think she's Chinese. I Think it's time to give Kamala some credit. Shut the fuck. You're a comedian for Kamal. Sometimes you wish you were black. All Right. Now that's a dagger. You know, that's a dagger. Or you just a white dude for Kamal. Was that Stiller that said that? Stiller wishes he was black. Kamal man, you've never been there. Yeah, Obviously I had G Unit, the massacre album, bro. I'd draw, I would draw a G unit. Even Tony Ayo was jacked in my pictures. How cool were those fucking tank tops? Free Him. I wish I could have. Yeah, like the Boxy, I remember a tank top that was like string bikini.


Yeah, I remember I was, I would drive through Philadelphia every now and then with like Tom or Matt and all the black kids had the real long Jordan shorts that had the cool fucking thing at the bottom. And I just had no clue where to get 'em. And it all my, all my gear was blank. T-shirts from Foot Locker. Foot Locker, fucking shorts. You just see your dicks. So obviously. Ooh, speaking of that, today is awfully windy. And I walked outside today in this Gray sweat too. Tiniest penis on earth. And I, I had to put my hand in my pocket to hide it. I was walking down the street, the, my clothes were air. Yeah, You looked like you were vacuum sealed. My, you looked like your SUV My got vacuum sealed to the front of me. Just nobbed it the whole way down.


Walnut One pocket. And It is just so obvious though. One pocket in just, That's just my hand. I Try walk backwards and it's just like the outline of the but Butt, the walk there. I was like, damn, walk. At least the walk back's gonna be nice. 'cause the wind's blowing that way. Nope. Same thing. Vacuum sealed dong again. I said the century, people See me, they're like, Shane. Shane, what? Oh my God. That's what fucking blows. I see it on Instagram now of dudes taking pictures of you. That fucking sucks. It blows ass dude. You should just cry. That's I Crying all day. It Is what you, this is what you have going on with your life. You're fucking idiot.


I Are they taking mean pictures of me? No, No, no. It's like, like Shane. Hey Shane. You're Very nice and em, but it's just like I told Spade like I don't even get paparazzi anymore. 'cause there's Google. Yeah. It's like, if you wanna see a picture, just Google Shane instead. It's like, yeah Shane. Huh. Damn. You might get, if someone gets you on a windy day, you might get Shang faffing pics. I, if somebody got a photo of that today, I'm ruined. Dude, imagine if the guy you up like the beat. It Couldn't be a bigger, it couldn't be a bigger n If you're, you better not go on Vacation naked. Never. I never be naked. Naked on a balcony. I joke if someone call me naked on a balcony, like someone I drop my fucking wallet or some shit like turn around inch and a half.


It's game over. Like they're fucking doing mean shit to people. Taking random. Like it's cool if you're like fucking Jill Hall or Aff, like Affleck gets fucked constantly. Gets crushed. Dude, That dude's just trying to survive. And it's like he's going through like s If you took a picture of me while I was having snooze problems, dude, you would call suicide Help. That's a scream. That's a scream. Cry. That's dude. It is. And then it's like, dude, he looks like shit. It's like you look like shit too. Yeah, Dude. It's like when you see the Britney Spears or like Kanye West freak out on paparazzi. It's like, yeah, they're having a bad day. Yeah. Let him, Especially their impressive Let Sucker Punch. I only had that one Freak out was the autograph guy after this show. The Well they sell. Yeah. The first Helium show. I had a as close as I've gotten to a spaz.


Did you? They do the, they get autographs, And, they don't go to the show. They just show up and get autographs and sell 'em. And. they need to get a picture with the autograph to like verify it. So I just had a fucking awful set. I just bombed in front of all my friends. Shane, you're my hero. And these dudes were like, oh, that was a great show, man. I was like, yeah. What was your favorite joke? Because I knew they didn't go in. And then He was like, ah, sold out so fast, couldn't get tickets. But I loved you on Billions. I was like, you read the wrong bio. That was so You fucker. And then the guy was like, can I get, I took like three pictures with three different guys and then the last guy, I was just like, I gotta go And. He was like fucking Jag off.


He like, what's He Australian? He was like, oh you gonna big time me dude? I was like, oh man. Yeah. The the fucking crazy thing is Having a bad day. Dude loves his cool. What's the sig? You take the umbrella to Him. What? What's the sig going for? I have no Idea. The SG sig at least has to be 50. No, it's gotta be a Little 50 spot for the SG two 50 I. just ripping off girl sweet girlfriends. That's either ripping off. Really? Yeah, there's some graphs. Good point. It's like, what do I get my boyfriend? I'll get 'em this. Yeah. I had a Trello and sign fucking card and plaque Polygraph. I got you. What? It's here. That Thing should be framed. Obviously. That should be in here. I'll get it in here. Don't you worry about that. Don't break my heart. I won't break your rechy.


Breaky. I know you're on thin ice right now. Dude. Life gets tough sometimes, but you'll make it. No, I'm good today. Today I'm feeling I couldn't imagine fit. Yeah, that does suck. Fresh. Just all, all your bad days. Getting pictures taken and stuff like that. Why can't we just go to Topgolf? I? just wanna go to Topgolf. Sail it. They got a correction driver. Like, I like Topgolf. They used to have standup at Topgolf. Remember that? Yeah. That was in Jersey. It Was fun. It was like Matt's comeback. Yeah, that was after Matt took a break from standup. And. He was like, I, I think I'm just gonna do Top golf from now on. I Know he told me the same thing. He's like, I might just tour top golfs. It's the best place on the fucking planet.


It Is the best. I enjoy it. Where Did you get all this gear? I went to nike.com. Good gear. That's like expensive polos. Are They? Oh yeah. I think they're like 60 bucks. That's pretty fucking expensive. How much is that fucking shirt? Yeah, that one shirt That said 90 shirt. That's easy. $90. Nah, I think 45 on dark sports, Bro. What was the dark sports? Dark sports is for the Twisted Bodybuilders. I just saw Dorin Yates have, and I worshiped that they ground that man walks on. So I was like, damn, six Cheryl get it. They got me on the merch. I merch says merch Got your ass. I feel gay for even talking about taking pictures of people.


That was embarrassing. No M fine. No, everything's okay. Yeah, everything's fine. There's semi go Shane Gillis. I, I'm Damien Lewis from Billions. I don't know what You are. You're talking Spade saw him in the fuck accidentally on one of our videos where Spade's travel video. He went to New York and there was this fucking like maybe unhoused person with just like, dude, like you got, we got a fucking chill and behind Spade talking to this dude, just Damien Lewis talking at the bar the whole fucking time. Did you say what's up? Or did you not even notice him until I saw Him, but I was like, I'm not, yeah, I was with an unhinged dude. You were just with a homeless. Yeah. Yeah. He was tall. Just shooting the beast.


They'll Get they They'll get me at The bar just coming. Yeah, they just come in And. they Were like, there's my guy. Yeah. Yeah. He'll chat Some dude, some BU just hit me up. The other day I was walking down the street. He goes, Yo, which way's the bus? And I was like, I don't know dude. But the train, the Septa l's right there. The L's on Gerard. I was like, yeah. And then goes up front street. He goes, all right, what's your name? Billy. He's like, Billy. The kid Smiles At me. And. he just turns around. It's like this dude just watching my whole entire life. He's always there. That's a guardian angel. I know he was doing an heroin. Okay, Call me Billy the kid. It's kind of nice. But yeah, I have a similar problem where I am just like a homeless person comes up to me, what's your name?


Charles. And then 45 minutes later they're like, this is why you have to apologize differently. You have to say sorry. You can't say sorry 'cause then you're sorry. And I'm like, yes. Okay. It's just like And. he iss like, by the way, can you buy me like $45 worth of cigarettes? I'm like, okay. Sure. Did they get you on the cigs? I just, I can't. Got guy got me like three weeks ago heading into Primos. Hagg. Oh yeah. Guy drilled me. He wa he just followed me in. He was like, can you gimme a bag of chips? I was like, yeah dude, I'll definitely get you. He got like salt and vinegar chips. That's wild that you with no Beverage, Tim. That's self harm. If you crush salt and vinegar, no beverage. That's to be fucking crazy. Hot day Outside. This guy sat outside and crushed salt and vies and rid out Square park.


That's that. Puts his health bar full though. He's Sprint dude, They've been chasing people. I know. Two checks have gotten chased on Front Street. Easy pick. Fired Up. Dude, I would love I just having a five minutes of what the fuck's going through their head. It's probably so freeing. There Was a lady that followed me and Beezer were walking in. A lady was like a block away and she was moving. It was like, fuck, she's gonna get us. We saw her attack somebody with like a stick. She had like a broomstick and she was like, ah yeah. Get the fuck outta here. I'm gonna quote her on this. She's like, oh, city of fucking faggots. Fuck. Who did she think Lady's Got a point. It might have been, oh, Ben Fo told Me about this Ben.


She goes, thanks a lot Ben folds. We got a whole generation of faggots. Holy fuck. It's like I, she was gaining all this. Yeah, I was talking to six about that. It's like literally like a benfold song or video had to be the last thing she saw before she just like went offline. The ba the brain broke. Yeah. Whatever it was. Might be 5G Bro. Five G's making us cry. Nah, I mean, dude, for real. Like I know like you think I'm fucking around, but it actually fucks with your emotions. Don't roll your eyes bro. I'm telling you it it ha like they put it all over the place before Covid. What you love, Dude. It is what It is. Yeah. You love And you got some dogs. I don't know. I It was before that. It is what happens.


It was before that. Before that. I swear to God. During Covid, they just kicked the 5G up when you fell in love and got dogs. Yeah, They pulled, dude, they got a box right outside my house. There's a 5G box out here. There's A little box right on the top of the telephone pole. I won't shoot it. I don't fuck with that shit. Love. Alright, just, I'll just say this back in the early dude that's back in the early 19 hundreds. Defensive. I'm not getting defensive dude. I'm just worried about you. Me? Yeah. And your 5G radiation poisoning Ville. Before in 19, in the 19 hundreds, maybe early 18 hundreds, there was all these farmers. Absolutely fine. They got all the radio waves, all of 'em. Sorry. Getting fucking heart attacks and shit. Just know that.


What, what years Early 19 hundreds or late 18 hundreds. Right. Whenever the radios came out, it happened to all the animals at the Philadelphia Zoo as well About Them. They all got started having like heart problems and getting fucked up. 'cause they put radio lines all around for like communication. Obviously you don't even know How good you're supposed to feel. Yeah. We're Inundated by radio waves Get destroyed, bro. Everyone else, they didn't seem bothered back then. Their legs were shit. No ac nothing. How Do, You Know. They weren't bothered. Huh? How Do? You. Know. They weren't Bothered. They seemed to be somewhat happy. What do you mean just Having fun? When they worked, They worked chilled. Who told you they were having a good time? Dude, the thing about Tim Walls, when you looked at that, He told you they were having a blast in that 18 hundreds.


I mean If you look at pictures from the fifties and stuff, it looks cool. What pictures that you look at? Just nuclear family. People like having a good time. Yeah. Those cookouts. I actually been listening to just Blasting cigs. Getting fucked up for real. Fucked up, Destroying fucking cigs. We walk, we drove by the Marlboro plant. That thing looks like fucking the death star on the ground. It's in like Virginia. Some shit looks fucking, it's all concrete. Kind of fires me up when I see it. What? I support them. I support big tobacco and I see that for real. Yeah. You drive past their giant factory. You are like, dude, America's number one. Yeah, spade is full. Is spade's. Borderline jingle list right now. He loves America so much after being in the Middle East, Bro.


Oh yeah. Damn. Have you been able to find authentic cuisine back here? No. It's immediate shit, bro. I'm good. I'm not into it. I'm, Hey dude, I wanna be a first welder. You know I'm not, I don't want us to take a step Down. You don't like Egyptian cuisine? Nah. What were they gr on? Actually, I do like the kebabs. They're just straight up meat on a stick. That sounds fun. Yeah. Dildo. Yeah. Gives you halal toasts though. Supposedly they crush peppers constantly. Onions. I taste that shit for like three days if I eat it. Yeah. Stays on your, stays on your fingers.


Sick. Hold on, I gotta take a piss. Can we pause? Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. What are your self-care? Non-negotiables. Maybe you never skip leg day or therapy day, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself. Non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. Personal endorsement. I love it. Love it. I love it. I go in there, I talk to 'em, I go, I'm fucked up. I know. I'm so fucked up. I dunno. What. the Fuck to do And. they go take a deep breath. I go, all right, thank you. I mean, it's obvious. Therapy's a good idea. If you're spinning out, please go to therapy. Don't kill yourself. It really is as simple as that. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire and get matched with a licensed therapist. Oh, sorry. B. And switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash MSSP today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/mssp.


Thank you Stevie Bill. Bill.


In a world of slot reels and blackjack deals comes the must play event of this summer from draft Queen Kings Casino featuring nonstop action in an Allstar cast of games, including Alister. Loki's. Lot luck this summer. Blockbuster is one you don't want to miss. Holy shit, I would never miss this. Not for the world, not for the fricking world. Plus, new players can get $100 instantly in casino credits with just $1 wager. All players get a blockbuster bonus every week. So sign up with the code secret and grab your popcorn. It's showtime on DraftKings Casini gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia. Visit www.onehundredoneeighthundredgambler.net in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccp.org. Please play responsibly. 2121 plus physically present in Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia Only fuck void in Ontario. Eligibility and other restrictions Apply new customers only $1 wager to earn $100 non withdrawal casino credits that expire in 168 hours. What the Fuck roll Terms at casino.draftkings.com/blockbuster.


Yes, You Lick it. Just licked my mouth. It'll get up your nose.


Lucy Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's a hundred percent pure nicotine and always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like a mom and pop shop of pouches. Pouches come in. A variety of strengths from four milligrams. Alright, all not a I just like you. Hey, look at my mouth again. Go. Got a gay ass. All bro pouches come in. A variety of strengths. From four milligrams all the way up to 12 mil. 12 milligrams. Lucy offers a unique variety of flavors, including Apple ice, winter, green, mango, and espresso. If you're not a pouch person, Lucy gum is available in two milligrams, four milligrams or six milligrams. Personal endorsement. Can't get enough of this stuff, dude. I love it. You know I'm a mango man, but a little espresso, A little Sabrina Carty for you. I You, you do what I hope it. Yeah, how you say it in the mic. Oh. Let's level up your nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to lucy.co/drench and use promo code drench to get 20% off your first order. Lucy offers free shipping and only and has a 30 day refund policy if you change your mind. That's Lucy dot co and use code drench to get 20% off and always free shipping. And here comes the fine print. Billy Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


My God. Guys, please, I'll be in Phoenix tonight when you see this video or this video podcast. If It is August 12th, I don't know, whatever the day is, please come to Phoenix tonight. I'll be here all weekend. Please come here. Also, go to Matt McCusker dot com for all standup tickets. I'll be in a bunch of different places. Town Hall, New York and Tyson's Capital One Hall in Tysons, Virginia. Please go. Thank you. Yeah, I all we're back. If I'm taking a shower and it's me, Reggie, Stevie, and my girlfriend, I go into my bathroom and lock the door. I do it all the fucking time. I Can't. Yeah, you, it's locked doors. It's It is just a natural fucking reflex.


It's not a psycho shit. They doesn't even doors or door knobs. It's fucking crazy. I would ime I would freak out. I had to, I had to sleep when my, I was doing my bathroom a while ago. I had no bathroom door 'cause the tile was all drying and shit like that. And I would just stare at that until I fell asleep just in case something was coming for me. Yeah. Scary. I think in a past life I was fucking murdered. You think I, Anytime I can you take a shower, close your eyes. What if I have my eyes closed in the shower? It's immediately like, there's someone right in front of your face. It's 5G, 5G. I'm the biggest person alive. Five G's Got you spooked. Dude, if I was in a fox lie, I'd freeze I just piss myself.


I feel like those Ukrainian dudes getting drone bombed. Oh dude. Their bodies go flying. Worst. Those are the worst videos. They get fucking explosive Snows in the Do. You Know. How fucking awful. That must be to just see a shitty drone above your lives out. You're Like, it's like a oo fucking drone too. It's not expensive At all. It's the worst week of your life. It's like forced conscription. You're like, you're like buying a sandwich. And then just like military guys are like, you go now And. they just, you're like, nah, just pull you into a van. And then you get drone bombed like a couple days later. Yeah. You gotta become like a king after That with like a shitty grenade. Yeah. Re like one they made up every Time they barely die.


Yeah. They lands next to 'em. Blows off like their leg and they're like, oh my God. They just have to bleed out. Fuck. Self revive. Self revive. It's Really bad. Yeah. I don't fuck War all. I don't like wars. You know, I just want people to stop dying. Yeah. I, yeah. Same. What can You do I? just what can you do? I think it's a simulation. Honestly. I did a, I had a dangerous, you talk about closing your eyes in the shower. I had a dangerous, I I took the subway here and you got, I mean, already, already. I gotta stop, keeps getting it down. But I like, I like sat down. I was, it was like hot out. I was Like, you think you're a ghost, bro.


If you waltz onto the subway, dude, some crackhead sees You are like, Fuck, Dude. I, dude, I took a picture for you. I, when I, I need just a compilation of security footage in all your text. Dude. He's been Re its a fres worst nightmare All time. I thought I was done for it. I literally Was fucking man There. It is again, I literally, It went down into, it was in Center City. I went down into Market, Frankfurt Lion. And as soon as I went down, there were two dudes on bicycles like riding towards me. Honestly. I'm finished Since the You have The Shining. They're about to Joust me. How'd You get 'em done Here? They, they are your little shining girls coming after you.


Yeah. The two dudes. It is like beach Cruisers too. Black dude has to come from Miami and save you. I mean, look, I know I've made you tell this story a million times, but just please tell it. Getting chased home. Yes. Hold on. Tell the, you guys have tell the George I've never heard that. Oh yeah. When I got, all right. Well I first got, You walked so smoothly. It's scary. It might be. I was just, it was the day after the George Floyd stuff when there was like the riots and the fucking looting and all that shit. Peaceful protest. Peaceful, peaceful protest. Yes. My apologies. Point of Personal privilege. I, I was like, I got on my bike. I was like, lemme ride around and like, just watch shit from mystery.


Yeah, yeah. Lemme take it in. And I like hung out. I like wa dude. During like, in the middle of all that shit, it was like fine. 'cause no one was like, everyone was focused on the bag. Yeah. Everyone wanted to get their shit. They weren't worried about Me. TVs for George. Yeah, It was, It smashed the windows of a north face. Yeah. It's literally, there were It is destroy Apple and Lululemon, the name of like slain brethren. It literally looked like a hole to like another dimension from the North Face window. It was like a person shaped hole. And then dudes were just like, dudes were like jumping in and coming. DM D Tray. You saw the entities.


It was portal. There was A, there was literally a coffee shop open next door. And I was like, I like got a coffee. So watch dudes take like thousands of dollars of shit. Yeah. You paid for a coffee. Yeah. But yeah, that was fine. And then I biked home and then a dude on a city bike. I was like by my house in North Philly before, and a dude on a city bike like rode up to me And. he is like, how much did your bike cost? And I was like, no. He Was like, no, not for sale. Yeah. It's like, I'm not telling people Sorry sir. Not for sale. And then he, like, I started riding away And, he like rode up next to me. And. He had, but you got gears on that bitch.


No, it's just one Damn bro. I know. Gotta get a mountain bike. I should. If you're doing this shit, you need a mountain Bike. That's true. A mountain bike would be nice. It looks a little, yeah. It also looks a little bit more like PPA just got laced with them. Yeah. They got mountain bikes. They All have mountain bikes now. Yeah. That's a You. should How I take a ppa, a person's mountain bike. Try that move on him. How much did it cost? Assault a federal agent. Damn. But yeah, he, I mean he just commandeered me. He was like, did he take it? Yeah, Bro. Made me get off of it. Did he GoFund me? I know. And then, but No, no. It's a fixie. If you stop it's Yeah, it was, yeah, it was like a, you get hurt.


It was literally like an exchange. He like had his You got the City bike. The reason I Bike. What? You got the city bike? Yeah. He was like, you can have this one. Fair trade. I was like, all right, whatever. I'll take it. But I'm an ally by the way. It wasn't, yeah, it wasn't truly like, I don't know. I, in a situation like that, I'm like, he has his hand in his pocket. He's like wearing like a hoodie and like a face, like a Shay. Bagga, Skittles. Holy shit. He, he had a Shay On. Yeah. Hood up. Hoodie On. Thank you for worrying about my safety. I was like, you can just have it. Whatever. Yeah. And then I Was gonna get a new one anyway. I mean, yeah. Got that city bike. Been riding that ever since. Now actually I got a new, I got a new one, but yeah, it was like a trade. Yeah, I know. They're gonna find me.


I literally, I, earlier today I was like, I was in an Uber and I saw a bike that looked like the one that got taken, parked outside of like a bo deck. You were in the Uber just driving in the car going, Pull over. Wait right here. I'm so mad all the time. Hold on. Gimme the other one. The Other one. I got chased home. Coming home from the grocery store. Hot. It was summer. So it was old Grocery Already coming home. You heard this? Did the background. Love it. Karen. You heard it too? I've never heard it. Oh dude. I was coming up from the grocery store. Yeah. I like, I talk about this instead of, but I was coming from the grocery store and there was like a dude who was, I was like waiting across Broad Street and there's just like an old, old guy on like a bike And.


he was just already just talking shit at me. Yeah. Just like yelling at me. And then I just didn't, I just didn't move. I just carrying shit. And then he rode by And. He was like, I never seen someone so pussy in my mother. Oh yeah. Yeah. I, the seeds, what's a pussy in my motherfucking life? It was like a little mountain bike. Just jigsaw dude. It was For Jigsaw. Jigsaw rolled up there. And then dude, I like, I just kept crossing the street. And, he rode by me and then I like looked behind me and he's like circling around And. he started chasing me.


He chased me home. Did he catch You? No. I like Did you drop your groceries? No, dude. I was holding. You didn't lose a everything. I didn't lose anything. And then I, I almost got hit by a car. 'cause I like ran up Broad Street and then I ran across Broad Street for a second in front of a car. And I was like, maybe I'll get, it was like Run through the six. You had to run with your woes. It's such a bummer dude. 'cause he for sure just turned around just to fuck with me. Yeah, maybe he did actually. I mean he did for a little Bit. I'm not a pussy. You could be dangerous. I don't know if you have a weapon. It's not a fair fight, But yeah. That's a really, that's a real bummer to be chased. Yeah. In real, as an adult.


To be chased by a guy. It's so funny. I know the, the open mic scene in Philly got decimated. Dude got fucking punched every week. Someone would come in. Teddy just, Yeah, he got smoked in front of his house. The guy was sitting St. Louis or whatever. Oh, didn't someone come after St. Louis? Matt? No, no, no, no. That was probably Matt. No, no. You guys, Guardini was saying. Yeah, it was guard Dogs. Oh. When we, they were Trying to get the bag off you guys. They were trying to retire early off that Bag, dude. And then it happened, the same thing happened in like Indianapolis. We were like walking home at like, it was just like super late in there. You can like see through, we were like coming back to the hotel and you can see through the windows.


There's a dude with no shirt in there. It is Just like, He's just like walking around, coming outside. And then of course like, Ian's like, oh yeah, just give him a cigarette. And I was like, no, stop. Please. I've been through this. Yeah. It's just like, dude, you don't know. This is the guy that, but he was actually, he was having a bad day. He was, I think he was just grateful to get a sig. That's Nice. He like, I think he, I think he like got his ass beat. Teddy's was my favorite. He came to, he came to to old mic with like a black eye. And. He was like, what happened? He was like, I was just walking home and the guy was sitting on my board. He, there was a gargoyle on his front step and the guy just hopped out.


Literally just dude. He was like right. Then He was like, Hey, that's my house. He was like blocking the entrance. Yeah, They did that. Ha. I watched a dude on Market Street. It was like a businessman walking across the street and this fucking homeless guy was spazzing, like full blown sprinting. And then the guy realized like halfway across the street that the dude's gonna hit him. And. he hit one of like the girl picks in basketball's go. It just got fucking Rail on the ground. Dude. No, I set girl picks for a long ass time. Dude, That fucking blows. That's Actually, I was saying girl picks late in my life. For What? Because I only saw my fucking sisters play basketball. Oh My God. In actual basketball Games. Dude. I said girl picks in like seventh grade.


Dude. Somebody had to tell me like, hold your dick. I was like, oh, that makes sense. Yeah. Obviously not your tit you To protect my tits. It feels good to set a pick like that Obviously. Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's actually a nice move for if a homeless guys are gonna attack you set a pick. Yeah. Anyone? I used to fucking do the straight knee that would fuck people up. What if someone's like, if you're sending a pick, you just point the knee out a little bit and just dead leg him right in the fucking, like that shit hurts. It is, It is the best though. When you see a homeless attack somebody else. Oh, It's awesome. You get to just sit there, watch a guy in a suit, try to sprint. Yeah. Not curse Well For real. Zombie chases him I think. I mean It's just a guy.


Oh no. Oh fuck. He's running at Me. He like starts off with, it's Probably the same feeling as shit in your pants. Like, that's not happening. I know. You go Felix Shit Today. Me, Today he starts sweating immediately. And, he like started walking a little bit faster. Did the guy hit him after he set the pick? No, he fell to the ground. The dude just kept running. Tried to punch a chick. Tried to punch a chick. Yeah, It was Crazy. Whoa. Dude, he's off there. Salt and vinegar. They are fueled by shit too. It's like a melted fucking Wawa milkshake on someone's front lawn. Probably something. They got off an Amazon package. It's like dogs dude. They're just getting into shit. The nastiest stuff. It makes me wanna throw it when people get to like Wawa door dashes melting on their front.


On their front step. That nerd ropes. They Yeah. Nerd ropes. Nerds ropes is crazy. That actually might be, yeah, that's the, that's the one that's the Most purchased item. I see. Fucking dudes get at Wawa. There's so, yeah, there's something about like gummy Yes. Candy that is really attractive. Gummy and crunchy. The best of Both worlds. Yeah. Activates them. You are candy man. No, not really. Ah, same here. I'm not a big sweet guy. No, but the, the, yeah, they just love sugar. Yeah, that's true. All The heroin on. Yeah. And they're making a popup shop on the bottom of drawer in front. Gar. This candy, You know all the heroin? I think so. It's gonna be some sort of shop there.


But if you were smart it would be candy and ice cream. Ice cream and candy. They fuck that shit. I mean, there's Nothing Ice cream. If you were smart that thing's getting raid. I mean if they're, you Stocked it with candy and ice cream. Yeah, They're have to put, they're blowing a portal in front. It's be World War Z. There's gonna be a thousand of Them. I mean, if you're on the streets and you don't care about a fucking thing, the first thing comes to mind like get some candy. You obviously, there's no like, that's bad for me or any of that shit. It is like, I'll eat it melted. I don't give a fuck. They crush melted fucking ice cream. It's been, It is tough. How hot It is. Yeah, it's disgust. Disgust. You just see a dude laying on the sidewalk in the sun. You're like, holy shit. I watch a guy on the corner over there at the, there's like, you know, not abandoned, but they're just all like fucking closed up And.


he was just on the front steps, sleeping hot as it was, maybe 96 degrees out, just cooking. And then he got up and went for a walk. Life at your fucking fingertips. You do whatever the fuck you want. Once you settle into that dude, it's probably glorious, Bro. That sucks so bad. You are out here taking chicks on dates and stuff. You gotta spend like 125 bucks. They just go up some chick like, I have some heroin left. Can you suck my dick? It's like, yeah, no problem. And then, yeah, and then you just, it's like this is my sidewalks. Tons of trick. Right. Then You wake up and Do more heroin Just crawling in. Yeah, I watched it. You see, you hear your tent go Z and you barely open your eyes.


And a guy's going, It's, it's like sleeps all the time. Oh, constantly. That's why on, yeah, there he is. There's a hat man. The hat man's coming in That yeah, that would fucking suck to be schizophrenic and just have blaz wave to you. It's true. Yeah. Eye contact. It's like this is my time. I have to fight. I need to start wearing like I should start wearing ties to be honest. For real, Shy. Just hold down albino. Ooh. Yeah. That's nice. That would be a fucking nice move. That Literally. Yeah, it looked like be your winner. Theran brothers like sunglasses. I haven't those dudes at all. I try to stay away from anything Kensington.


It's too close to home. I have a rapist a block away from me. Whoa. Nice. I saw it on Citizens. Yeah, dude's just a fucking, I saw 'em too. Disgusting humor. What? How'd you know It's on Citizens with this picture? Do You. Know. There's a picture of with his photos, If you get premium citizens, you can see all the chomos in your area. My neighborhood are Rough spade's. Got a lot of guys. Yeah, that's where they put 'em. Yeah. You need Zeus back dude. Huh? You need a dog on the roof? Nah, Nah. No. It still hurts Obviously. Get a new one. I get Attached though. Yeah. Have Problems. You get, you gotta get a new one. Not yet. It's gonna help. I've free For a while. Okay. Freedom is fucking nice. You Need a, you need a nice cat bro. Ooh, You gotta Build some kind of spade's.


Allergic cat might, You are allergic to cats. Yeah. Yeah. Oh fuck. What if you got a, what if you got like the doctor Evil cat Hairless one? The hairless one? Nah, you're in dago ba right now. Pretty much. You're exiled in Dago ba It is time to come back though. Maybe? I haven't heard that name in a long. You Did just go to tattoo. You did go to tattooing. I was Telling the dude that as a camel was like Yo. Did you see Dune? I was like trying to pump 'em up on Dune. Don't worry about it. Just turn it up whenever. Spade's talking. I mean, dude, If you go there though, there's no windows. Like there's a lot of fucked up shit there. I'm not being a dickhead. Yeah. He said the buildings get to like level four and then it's like teetered off to the side.


Fucked up 25 million people a day. What? Yeah, it's three times the size of New York. Holy fucking shit. Fucked Up. And there's no like high rise or anything. It's all just like concrete buildings. No Windows Hots. Oh My God. Center of It's cool. They got cool. Like it's nice, but it was fucked up. Dude. I wouldn't Poverty. Sorry I No, no, no. That's good. No I just got nothing other than my, my brother-in-Law's a sweet Egyptian man. I mean the Egyptian people are Yeah, fucking the place is fucked up hard Times. I love, I love the story of him. He, when he just got to America, he had no idea what he was doing. They gave him a pink fucking jacket. Exactly. They gave him a pink jacket. They didn't know Pink was for Girls.


Gay. So he was wearing like a pink fucking puffy jacket. He couldn't speak English. He went to the wrong bus stop. He just went to a different school. And. they were like, who are you? And. he like re like what? Dude, it's crazy. It's crazy to watch In a pink jacket. Small thing. The UK bros are getting leveled right now. How so? Oh yeah. Muslim protests crazy. Oh Really? The Muslims and the UK bros are riot against each other. 'cause like the Muslims like stabbed and raped, three little girls and then they're only getting like probation. And then they made it illegal to post like far right memes in the uk. So you go to jail for like two years if you post some meme memes.


I don't know. That Can't be true. It's true as actually true. Yeah. It's literally happening right now. God damn. Those are the wrong bros to get triggered. UK bros are vicious. That's what the one, there was one fucking Welsh lady screaming at the Muslims. Like, dude, we're tolerant. Wait until we're not tolerant. We do World wars. Yeah. It's like they're Literally the least tolerant. Yeah. They've done nothing but commit atrocities throughout his, they're fucking with the wrong Ones now. They're gonna fucking, it's, it's gonna get hot for some fucking election season. I'm waiting for it. My Trump dog isn't gonna make it with JD Vance. He's so weird. They are weird. Dude. Hit Hit with the weirds.


That's the tough one. Me's favor talk about. It's just like it's, you've heard it from every girl. You're in fucking schools' like, oh yeah. You're just being weird. It's like What the Fuck. Are you talking about I'm fine. Fine. You exactly. Dude. I just asked you if you listen to 21 questions. Do, You, Know. It's Pound said I. just doesn't make sense. Why? It would be weird. I like 50 cent. They also gave him, did you watch that like interview He did with the full send guys. That's like the only full length J Oh, JD Vance. I didn't watch it. Yeah, They gave him, I mean he is not being the weird accusa. They gave him like a giant armchair where it's like his, his, he like can't, it's just the weird, it's like his, he has to either put his hands here or here, but then he like tries to put 'em the arm rest just too far out.


He's up. Just makes him look so much weird. I don't know what to do. Yeah, they're crushing him with weird shit. Walls got to, had to get his stomach bumped. From what? Horse? Semen horse. You guys are? No. Swear to God. Gimme the, gimme the I I saw the article Spilled The tea. I saw the article. I just don't trust dude. 'cause he is going hard as shit for trans and kids S Yes. All balls walls mean what? He has micro penis MicroPen. You guys got, you can't just tell the facts. Well he Just said JD Vance fucked the couch and that's not true. And I'm not necessarily standing up for JD Vance 'cause I don't believe in what he stands for. But he made a joke that JD Vance fucked the couch. And then they're saying it's a thing around DC that he has micro penis, which affects 1% of the population.


The medical condition. Not just small dick. Like for real, just head. And he's, he's going hard for trans and kids. Oh yeah. Big time. Like what? Like puberty blockers. Chopping their tit like lack of tits off when they're 12. He's just, he just, he's got the face of a petto and I'm just waiting for it to happen. I'm waiting for the Pizzagate related shit on walls to come out and then I'll just be happy. Like I told you guys, this guy was fucking Evil. He does. He just does weird shit. Spade said it that his fucking the his mouth, he just has the mouth of a fucking weird Petter ass. What type of mouth is that dude? Big wide fucking mouth. Oh. Sick dude. We have small mouth. I got no mouth. Small mouth. You got underbite.


What? You got an underbite? Can you bite in front of your teeth? What do you mean Don? Fix? This is like a family Thing. Do you? No, I can't. I can't. Just an alpha thing. Big jaw thing. Oh, underbite. Yeah. I can't. Kobe had a, Kobe had a good one. Kobe Bryant. RIP. Kobe had a good underbite. Yeah, He had a vicious one. Damn. I miss him sometimes. No, my teeth go fucking straight down. Do they really? On top of each other. Yeah. I fucking, my, I'm waiting for my teeth to just grind away to nothing. I fucking grind 'em every night. You gotta see if I just wake up with a sword drawn. I think everyone has fake teeth. Oh yeah. Yeah. Every single person has the Brits are getting 'em. Which is hilarious because they're notoriously bad. Fucked up Fucking knots.


They're all getting porcelain. Fucking huge ass Teeth. I didn't know that happened. Really? I mean I knew like old, old people had dentures. I didn't know it was fucking everybody, Every chick. They're all just getting big, big teeth. 40 up. Totally. Dude, we were working with Dom. RIP. Yeah, Dom Just died. Fuck. I worked with this guy for like five years probably. And we're talking about something and going down on girls or something like that. And. he just goes, ah. They like it when you do this. He popped it out the whole time. I had no idea. He had full top bottom dentures. He got 'em all taken out instead of getting implants. 'cause He was like, it's too much money. Yeah, It's 30 Gs 35. It's so much money to get full implants. But like dude, there's tons of people with no teeth. Yeah, it's no original teeth. It's crazy. Yeah. My uncle got dentures.


RIP done that. I didn't even know. I had no idea. But then all of a sudden like his teeth would ki his dentures would fall out. Yeah, you have to catch Em. Every time he would talk, he'd be like, ha. He'd be like, damn, that's kind of sad. He'd get embarrassed. Yeah. Broke A tooth out on wing in South Dakota. Yeah. He was crushing wings right when we got into Rapid City and immediately tried Hard Yard sailed his tooth. Another one back. It just back shattered on a D bone. No bone, bro. White meat, No wing, wing. Shatter you worshiping the earth. But Can Aw dude, that was so bad.


So fucking funny. So bad. Just two dudes that didn't have it. We thought we were gonna make that 23 hour drive. I got to the top pianos like man, we, I'm seeing stuff. Why did you think you guys could do that? You got soft hands brother. You ain't driving 800 miles a day. You got soft hands brother. You guys literally got sick. His dude fell out. You guys could never do that. It was legendary. Just making mems spade fucking crushed mega Guinness the night before. And then he's like, Yo, I gotta pull over. I was like, no problem. I just had like a neck pillow on. I was looking at spade outta my peripherals. And. he is on all fours throwing up and I didn't know what was going on.


I thought you would just spew like fucking standing up. Spade hit all fours. Ah, He exercised his demons on the res and then kept a truck and got all the way to Chicago. Damn pioneers. Yeah. Hitting those drives though. Like I I, I could do it. And then it was always the last like 45 minutes was just full d lose. Just totally at like sleeping, driving through red lights. Once you get off the highway, you're dead. He was Like fucking going off and I was like, Yo. Bill was like out of the lane and I was like, Yo dude, you good And. he, I was driving with my knee. He was like, yeah, I'm fine driving with my knee. That's all I was doing. I didn't know he can't see, I wasn't getting fucking scared. I would wake up like two in the morning and you're like, gonna drive us off the road.


I go Yo. And you're like, what dude? Whatever it takes. You have the sleepy eyes, the mcc. Yeah. Yeah. The classic McCusker sleepy eyes. Dude, whatever it takes. Dude, were you one of those dudes on the grid on convention? Yeah. Coming home from the Red Pill Expo. Have some respect on Gee, I Edward to Griffin please. That was sick. The expo. I, I haven't It's fucking sick dude. I mean we, we learned a bunch of shit. There was a few Viruses are Fake. Yeah, there was a few ones that were brutal. There was one chick that went up there and started talking about shit and literally looked like she was about to cry. It was going so bad. Yeah, it was fucking insane. I was just like, no way this chick's gonna do this. Like who, who here likes multiple streams of income? And I'm like, oh God dude.


She's like, all you gotta do is invest in the stock market. It's like dude g Edward Griffin wrote the book Creature from Jekyll Island. You're gonna hit everyone here with Invest in Stocks, bro. Read the room check. But there was a dude who was talking about What. the Fuck does these dudes sitting next to each other in a hotel convention room going I was, I was there to hear it. I trying to, we we Rolled up And, they, His arms crossed in South Dakota. We rolled up and we were like, Yo we're here for our press passes. And, they had no idea who we were. Yeah. Geo where Griffin's like, yeah. Come to the red plug. Like, yeah, all right, whatever. Then I get a call from Spade like, just makes more sense to drive. And I was like, bro, you don't even gotta fucking convince me. Whatever. Yeah. Saw the country. Philly to South Dakota is a Well Philly to drive St.


Louis then to South Dakota. Yeah. Went through the worst place on earth Chief's country. I don't want anything to do with Kansas City for as long as I live. That place looks like hell on earth. Dude. It's it's rough. It looks like it fucking Sucks. Yeah, it's like Ozark. She was like a few fucking mega rich people and Sorry people. Sorry people. Yeah, it was, but when we were there, we were there. This dude, I forget his fucking name. He was talking about there's venom and like viruses and Botox and shit like that. His name's Brian Artis. Brian Artis. Yeah. We were watching that. And like all these chicks like that are getting injections and stuff like that and the Botox. There's snake venom that paralyzes them and then they use it for a blood pressure medication. 'cause you get bit by a snake, your blood pressure drops.


So they're mass producing fucking venom just shooting people out and it's giving wickeds amounts of cancer. Not Much. Yeah, that's the shit that like free. Yeah. It's the shit that freezes your face up for Botox, I guess, right? Yeah. Isn't it like botulism is like Botox and maybe I'm wrong, but I don't know. I'm about to, you're right. I'm about to get heavily involved in plastic surgery. Dude, just look Max. It's time for my face to just get fucked up. Pull your chiseled up. No, not Jaw implant Everything. Yeah, cheekbones. My boy has it. Eyebrows are going. I'm gonna go bald up top and have my eyebrows So nice tattooed On my, Yeah, dude. Get the chola arches. My boy fucking Che Hanks has Botox.


He says he blasts his face. He don't give a fuck when you look like that dude. You gotta be worried about it. He looks my boy's an electrician gets it too. And that's just crazy being An electrician. Cokes Get cooks. Get the Botox To wire the house. Yeah. It is Just, I was like, What the Fuck are you doing bro? He goes, I fucking wrinkles. I gotta get rid of him. He was like, yeah dude, you're fucking like, you're getting old. It's okay. Like a 30 5-year-old electrician in Philly. You're gonna look like a fucking shithead. It's like handsome Squidward came to wire my house. Yeah, The shiniest man. He's a fucking unit. Shout out, raise his electric. Obviously He is a unit Licensed and insured. Beast. Yeah, he, he got that. He got laser hair on his arms up to his like, so he can wear a tank top and not have hairy arms.


He got laser hair, Laser hair on his arms. And. he like argues with me like it makes sense. He's like, dude, that's just gay. So he is not gay, dude. Like I don't wanna fucking shave it off. I like don't shave it. He got, It is a hairy man. He's not That hairy. And. he got it. He got his wi, it started with his widow peak. He had a widow peak And. he goes, I don't wanna get a haircut all the time, so I'll just get my widow peak removed. And, he still gets a haircut every two days. S good here. He's, were you with me? Yes. I saw that hairiest gay guy on earth. Yes. Do you remember that? It's called a bear, Bro. This, you've never seen anything like it. He was wearing like daisy dukes. Oh, with Was this in center city From his ankles to definitely his, the back of his head. Yeah. But the hairiest fucking ass you've ever seen.


Dude, his Ass just Hanging out At, I mean it was definitely underneath his thighs. The backs of his legs were, it looked like your hair. Yeah. Like it looked like curly hair. Like wolf man. Yeah. It was like dark Crap. His Hair to main Yeah, It was fucked up. It was. He was so hair he looked like blurry. Know what I mean? It badra. Yeah. Yeah. I saw when I was working on Van Pel Street, a video or a, a building caught fire. And there was this dude who walked his dog every day. And. he was just straight up gay and had a fucking choker that just said pig and like do that like Do, You, Know. What they do. Sexual pigs. I've Heard about the jz. The armpit. Yeah. Dude cornered me that was dropping off a fucking machine from my dad.


It's like I'm actually gay. He was like cool. He's like, yeah, I was a pig. He was like, all right. And then he started like explaining it like you'll go to a truck stop, get jizzed in your armpits, not shower, and then hit another 700 miles. God, think about how disgusting you already feel just driving. Then you have dry jizz. Come on your fucking arm pin. That's a different level of horny. That's not, yeah, it's a new level. That's five Gs. Yeah. That might be 5G on those boys that or the fucking water turning him gay. I just couldn't even, Ima like, that must just be what dudes do when they get together. It's like you're gay. It's like, what else can we do? Just my arm.


Like, Alright, fuck It. I'll do it. You won't like fucking Right. I will just guys bro it out. Disgusting. That's very gross. Damn. Yeah, it's no good bill. That shit fucking, I don't like that. You think about that stuff all the time. Well, I mean, I got a long drive coming up. You just do this for me. That's just a quick thing. That must be awesome though. If You are gay and you're a truck driver, What? Just like everywhere you go, everyone's trying to fuck. Like imagine everywhere you drove, there was just chicks like, come on, come on me please. Like, fuck yeah. Yeah. And, they go to the next one. Obviously You, you make it eight miles and you know dudes just dudes. Yeah. They're gonna keep quiet. No hassles. There's no hassles on This. Everyone just happened to bro Down.


Dropping a load of a guy's armpit is a Molly Bitcher on press. The Sinclair come and go. Literally that's what they're Called. James Gandini Rest top. Just dropping a load at the dude. Yeah. Fuck dude. That's awesome. I think they tore it down and they're rebuilding. We need to trump Better get on the gal. Feeny, What are you talk oh on that. We need that back. Rena Up in Scranton when we and spa up past Scranton. There's Joe Biden Highway. They renamed it after our funeral Feeny service area. That's crazy. Whoa. We're still going. Montvale New Jersey. Let's get it. Why is the cheese, why is the cheese quake rest area closed? That's a tough question.


That's someone's haunt. Dude. Why the fuck did they close my cheese quick? Oh brothers, what do you, what else is going on? What else are you thinking about? Nothing really, honestly. Yeah, I, I had a, here's, I forgot to mention this yesterday. I was in, maybe it was two days ago. I was in like a grocery store in West Philly by my house. It's like a black kid came up to me, And. he goes, Yo, you ever see Harry Potter? And I was like, yeah, I know you're about to say And. he is like And. he turned around and his girlfriend was running. He was like, Yo, it's Malfoy.


Just nodding Malfoy looking at his motherfucker. You guys started getting face tats or something. I was Like, thanks man. SL in Rules. I Just finished all the Harry Potters not too long ago. How did Feel watched 'em all in succession. It was fucking awesome. You're Hufflepuff Bro. Hufflepuff Griffin. Do You're Griffindor. I'm GD Dole. What do you think? Spud. Ispu. He's Gryffindor through and through. He's the boy who lived speed is Paul Todd. That's a fucked up Documentary. Oh dude, did you see that? Yeah. No. What fucking Harry Potter stunt double that like it was like in the fucking thick of it. Everything was sick. He does a stunt and breaks his neck paralyzed at like the height of Harry Potter.


I don't know what it was like some fucking crazy Neck to quit. It was crazy. Like he's talking the whole time. He is just fucking wheelchaired up like living life now. But like in the fucking top of Harry Potter, they're all chilling, going out and stuff. He was fucking on top of the world. And. they just get like some cable pulled too hard and didn't stop. Broke his fucking spine or some shit. Holy Shit. The boy who lived, That's terrible. Obviously. I also watched all the Lord The Rings in succession spade's. Favorite fucking movie. That's good. You gotta get on Star Wars, bro. I watched New Hope. I watched the one with George R. Banks in theaters when I was like, fucking so did I. Eight or nine. Plump this. Fuck for that. That was fucking sick. Sick. I'll never forget dude. MTV was firing it up.


They were promoting it. They played the lightsaber battle with ball. With the ball in the background. Oh, never been more hyped as a kid. Yeah. Before I was going, It is sick As you can. I was down the beach and I was like fucking going to the arcade. And. they were gonna go see a movie and then they went underwater where there's big ass fish. Like there's always bigger fish in the sea. Always sat with me. The rest of my life is, there is always bigger fish in the sea. Say That's something you gotta take with you. I mean, what can you do? What can you do? Dude, You suffering has ended. We're at an hour in three minutes. There's no suffering. I had such a pleasant time today In the blue room. It's nice in here also, man, we need Matthew.


Yeah, Right. I need Matthew fired up. But he's got, I guarantee he's got some new bullshit on right now. Oh, I texted, I sent Matt, he, Matt's mentioned Brian Pumper before. Oh boom. Pumper just got egged. That's exactly what I sent him. Brian Pumper. Pumper. The fucking black porn star. Brian Pumper. God damnit. He just got eggs. He used to egg people and then people saw Pumper on the street, egged his ass. He was egging. He was throwing eggs. Eggs. He would Throw eggs at people And Pumper got egged. Pumper got pumped. He lived by the egg, He died by the egg. So a bunch of gang members, Y's on him. You are gonna whiz. Yeah. All right. We should probably, we should probably wrap it.


Yeah, yeah. We did what we could. Okay. Yeah.