
We'll start now. Greg Fitzsimmons, welcome to the podcast. Thank you so much for coming, dude. What an honor. It's great to, you know, be in Austin and just like realize that, you know, literally, you know, the three or four biggest podcasts in the world are all in this town. Like it used to be. If you wanna do press, you go to LA New York, try to get on late night talk shows. Nobody gives a shit about going on a late night talk show. Nobody Cares, man. Yeah. You think Seth Myers is gonna sell tickets to anything? No offense to him. I'm just saying like, nobody, It's true. And I thought it was such a big deal and I would like see people go on them like years ago even and be like, bro, it's about to be, the game's about to change. And just nothing would happen.


I'd be like, oh, what the hell? Yeah. Nothing Happens. Yeah. Nobody, does anybody watch They still run those circuits though, if you have a movie. I've noticed they still send people to like the late night talk shows, but I don't know. I guess They, honestly, I think they do it to get the clip, the one clip they can put on the Internet. Yeah. True. Yeah. That sucks. Yeah. Oh no, everything's becoming a podcast, dude. It's just fucking ruined everything. Yeah. Yeah. That sucks. They used to make such a nice, like production, they have like a band. Everyone's wearing suits and now it's just sitting in your sweatpants like, Hey, you can find me in Tacoma. Yeah, I know, I know. And it, and it's just like, there's no audience. So sometimes people can just trail off into mundane, small talk.


True. Instead of getting to the real shit. Let's, let's talk about Jesus. Christ the Lord. Please. Is he in your heart? Yeah. Big time. I grew up fucking Catholic, man. No kidding. I grew up Catholic too. Of course he, where'd you grow up? New York. Okay. Yeah. Damn. You grew up in New York City or New York State? In Tar Town. Just outside the city. Gotcha. Yeah. I'm Irish Catholic. Dude. My whole family, we owned a Catholic mass every, every Sunday. Wow. Yeah. You can't really, and even like when I'd be, like, when I went to college, I'd be like, I don't care about that stuff. I would eat like a quarter ounce of mushrooms, always about Jesus. Every time. It was Jesus. Every single time. Yeah. I would bug out and I, he'd be like, I got you. I'd be like, thank you, Jesus. Sorry for all that shit. I said, dude, I don't know anything. Sorry. Would you like talk to him? I would. Well, so there's been two times I've eaten like a large amount of mushrooms.


The first time I was 19, I didn't even know what I was doing. I was just like, I'll eat. I had one handful once. I was like, I'm gonna eat two handfuls this time. Freaked out. There was no communication. Yeah. I was just bugging out to the point where I tried to listen to music and it felt like someone was hitting my brain with a hammer. Yeah. I was like, this isn't working. I got under my blankets and I, it was like, you know, and you close your eyes and all this crazy shit. It was just like a stark image of Jesus. And I was like, oh wow. And I just relaxed. Pretty cool. I'm kidding. Yeah, man. Against my will. I was being cool and I was in college. I was like, I don't even believe that shit. Help me, dude. Who's cooler than Jesus? Christ. I mean, I don't know. That's what I'm saying. I mean, I'm not into he heaven and hell and rules and all that stuff, but I mean, you take, you take the teachings of Jesus and what he did in his life, whether it happened or not, it's an archetypal power that if you get it introduced to you as a kid, it's just always there.


Like, I still talk to God. Yeah. I don't go to church, but I still talk to God. Yeah. It's important. Well, people get hung up on the bullshit of like, you actually think it's like, bro, I don't even care about that man. Yeah. But It is true. If you can like put that you genuinely, 'cause I'm glad we got into this right away. 'cause like Christians and Catholics don't have that process that Buddhists have. Like if you're a Buddhist, you have like, you're going towards enlightenment. If you're like a Catholic, you're just like, yeah, I. just try not to hit my wife and just pray. I can just ascend, just gloriously ascend, just be a piece of shit my whole life. The ascension man Just fucking rise to heaven. But if you really practice trying to be like Jesus, it has crazy effects on your life. Yeah. I mean look, it's basically, it's distilling a lot of other, you know, like all this holistic kind of feel good stuff that you, you know, whether, whether it's like Deepak Chop or whatever, it's all about shrinking the ego and realizing you're not the center of the universe.


That there's a power, whether you want to call it nature or God or whatever. And you know, I'm a guy who I'm sober, so I've always dealt with the higher power thing as well. And it's just like, you know, when you can get outta your own way and realize that your choices are not affecting the world in any way, then you can, you can somehow like be a friend and a husband and a father and all that stuff. Yeah. Dude, it's, It is crazy. You're saying that this, this like line of thinking's been coming up more and more. Like, I'll talk to people more and more people seem to be like, oh, all right. I kind of understand this whole thing. Yeah. So like, I don't have to like burn prostitutes or like attack the, you know, did You used to burn the prostitutes? No, but I'm saying we, we started You mean Not pay them or like, like them on fire?


No, I liked them on fire. Oh. Before it was like, You should like throw stones at women. Like, we don't have to do that. We should just all be nice. You're right. It's starting, I think to settle in on humanity. I feel like, like now starting like today. Yeah. It does feel weird that they throw stones At women, At women. You know, like that's Just a tradition. It's a tradition. It is just an ancient tradition. Yeah. And I, I wonder if women, just because it's gone on for so long, like if sometimes I'll go on a hike with my wife and I'll pick up a rock just to throw it into the woods. And she fucking ducks Though. She really has it just From her DNA. Yeah. And she thinks like eight other guys are gonna come out of the woods and just start stone her her. Yeah. Yeah.


Man, that's one of those things where It is unfortunate to throw stones at women, but like before anyone was being like, this isn't right. It must've been kind of satisfying. Well, I think that's why they invented baseball to channel the energy in a different direction. True. Yeah. First baseman instead of your wife. And that's bats and balls. Bats And balls. Right. That, that makes sense because Yeah, it was, that's a pretty, that was a bad thing when we were like beating women. Yeah. It, it didn't, it stopped like, I mean, it's still going on 50 years ago. Well, it's still going on, but it's not accept, it's not acceptable. No. It used to be you watch movies from the fifties and Carrie Grant just like slaps a woman across the face and then she kisses a What about the quiet man? You ever see John Wayne in the Quiet Man with Catherine? Catherine? He slaps a woman too.


How can You be Irish and not have seen the fucking Quiet man? I haven't seen it, dude. I haven't seen it, dude. And it's kind of the old Irish tradition of like Yeah. The, I mean, the thing with the Irish is It is actually matriarchal. The, the, the, the, the mother is the power one because there's so much alcoholism with the men that the women would have to step up. Yeah. And, and sort of like take charge of the family. Yeah. That kind of Tracks. And also like, you know, Catholicism, it's the Virgin Mary, you know, she's this, I was think about the Virgin Mary the other day. Like lot of press about the Virgin Mary before she had Jesus. Like she had a hook, she had an angle.


She was the virgin. Yeah, true. I'm the guy with the hat. You know, you're the guy with the, the kind of dumb Philly accent. And she was the virgin. I knew you'd attack me at some point. Go ahead. Well, You know, it's just, it doesn't, it, it makes you seem less intelligent. And I think you're a smart guy, but you're only gonna go so far in anybody's mind. I know. Until you take an elocution class, that's Where you want to be though. Yeah. I told my wife, get our etiquette classes to what I wanna hire, like etiquette classes. I'm gonna hire like a head maiden or whatever and try to just like teach my wife manner. Maiden. What are they called? Like it Sounds like some of you found in a whore house. The head maiden. Aren't they called like a head mistress or something? Yeah. I don't know. I wanna teach my wife, man. I wanna get someone to teach your, like manners.


Yeah. Decorum. Is she a Catholic? No, she grew up a Baptist. Oh, she's black, so, okay. Yeah, she does like one of those churches. Yeah. Well, that's exciting, funny ones. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the Baptists are very exciting. They, they, they have the masses that you wanna actually go to. Did you ever Go Once It's pretty, yeah. I always feel like I'm intruding if I, the few times I've been, I'm kind of like, sorry guys. I know You know, you guys are doing something cool here and you have just like a white onlooker just being like, Oh, 'cause white Catholic ceremonies are morose. Yeah. That deep organ and the incense burning and you got, you know, the thing about that a lot of, you know, different Protestant face, the, the Jesus on the cross is, it's, it's an icon, but it's not, it's not as detailed.


Like we got Yeah. Nails and blood and thorns. You know, you go to, you go to like a Lutheran, it's just a cross. Yeah. There's nobody on it. We get it. We know what Happened. Yeah, no, you gotta see the gore, honestly. Yeah. But yeah, they don't really, it was, it was just like, I've, I've been to that and I've been to one of like, the white, I don't know if it's like a mega churchy kind of thing where everyone goes like this the whole time and I could feel like my Catholic training you, you just stand there like a Roman soldier the whole time. You're like, I'm not fucking doing this. And you go to like your Catholic school dance And, they leave some room for the Holy Spirit. Yeah. Ours got pretty wild though. Really? Well not the grade, the grade school. All the, the people we had, we had literally two pedophiles chaperoning our grade school dances.


Did you know at the time? No. Did You have a hint? Did you have like a feeling? Obviously when you're young, you don't really know. There was never any like, kind of advances or anything. But like, when I got older, I started being like, what this dude's doing exchange programs for teenagers from Europe being like, What, the Fuck Exchanging fluids. Yeah. Dude. Well, yeah, allegedly. So are they both in jail now? The one got off, so, but the other one just got caught with like the fucking, I think the cp and it was just, what's a cp? Child porn? Mm. Yeah. He got caught with the good stuff and then he went to, I think he went to jail. Did I just break your algorithm by saying it out loud? I don't think so. Child porn. Child porn. I think you say it. You are allowed to say it.


It's not allowed to look at it. Yeah. No, but I mean, as far as like your podcast getting the algorithm. No, you, it's always like those key words where you get demonetized. Ah, Yeah. Child porn might be one of 'em that They see. Yeah. Wait, so I mean, here's the thing about child porn is if I know I'm capable of murder and I, I'd like to exercise that opportunity at some point. Yeah. Like if it, if I knew a guy was a pedophile, And, he got away with it. I don't know, man. I don't know. I don't know. I wouldn't feel bad, honestly, If the situation was right. Oh yeah. And I could definitely get away with it. Yeah, I suppose. 'cause he's gonna do it again. That's the thing. That's the fucked up part. Yes. Why do they get outta jail? Like why do, why are they not in jail forever?


That should be like life sentence. It should be life sentence. And it should be a special prison, you know, where they all go. 'cause I don't like the whole idea of like, put 'em in general population and then they get like, they get raped and killed. Just put 'em in their own fucked up little island. True. And let it be like, you know, Lord of the Flies. Did you ever see Pervert Park? No. Dude, there's a documentary you might wanna watch. It's about literally a trailer park in Florida where they put pedophiles and every night dudes drive by and like throw bottles over the fence. No, Really? It's the most, it's really sad though. You watch it and you hear their stories and you're like, oh, you guys are all molested. And you're like, ah, fuck. Well, that's the thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but it's kind of the hot potato. It's like, bro, you're busted. So I'm not killing them because I think that it's purely because of the, that they're gonna do it again.


That, that, yeah. It's, it's stopping a cycle. Well, Dude, the thing is they're, everyone's like, you know, conversion therapy is crazy. If you're like, we gotta take the gay outta gay people. But like you're thinking now we are just, we're operating on the same thing for pedophiles. We'll go to jail and we'll fix that. It's like, No. Right, Right. They're not gonna be like, yeah, you're right. I don't, I don't wanna fuck kids at all. Yeah. They're definitely gonna try to do it again. Do you ever have any friends that surprise you by coming out later in life? No. Damn that that means that you got some gay, Gay friends. I'm do. There're In the closet still. Yeah. No. I'm trying to Do you ever Think Shane might be gay? No, I don't think Shane's gay Just seems like he's so, I wish he was so manly. He's so manly that sometimes I go like, come on. Really? You think he could just completely be a power bottom?


I think he, I think he or I think he would be a struggling bottom at first. Oh. I think he would struggle. But eventually he just go, I wish he, if he was gay, that'd be awesome. Yeah. I wish he was. He's just the manliest guy. He really is the manliest dude. I suspect those Guys. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't think he's gay. He's had every opportunity to fuck me. He's never have, never even made a pass. So Has he touched you? Like, like kidding around? He touched, yeah, for sure. Has he touched your penis? For Sure. Like a million times. We've talked about it before. Okay. He's touched a lot of people's penises actually. Well, but that's fun. That's, that's being, that's like sports. Sports. It Is fun when you're gay. That's Sports. No, that's sports stuff, dude. Yeah. He's not even here to defend himself out there. I can't wait till he listens to his own podcast.


You're the one levying all the accusations nice. Straight as hell. I'm straight as hell, Dude. I had three of my best friends come outta the closet. Did You really? My my buddy Pete growing up, we would, dude, we slept at each other's houses four nights a week. And we used to skinny dip in the summers together. We went to Europe together and hitchhiked around for six months when we were 18. And, And you guys never fucked around? Never In any way. And then years later he came out and I was like, what Did you, so they were still your good friends, you're able to ask him like, did you like wanna fuck me right there? We Never talked about it. I just heard that he came out. Oh, What? You don't. Okay. I've only seen him once or twice since that happened.


You didn't ask him like, what do you think of me? Honestly, hot or not. He wasn't Out. So I was You just found out. Yeah. So you couldn't even talk when you saw him or you're just like, what's up bro? Yeah. Okay. And then you had two other people? Two other ones. It was my friend. You ever heard of Kevin? Meany? Comedian? I have, yeah. One of the greatest comedians ever to grace the stage. He was incredible. He died about seven years ago. Oh Fuck. Actually I was thinking of someone else too. My bad. He was one of my dearest friends. And he came outta the closet at 50. And I'd known him since, you know, since I was A kid. You had no idea. He grew up in the next town over for me.


I knew him since I was a kid. Damn. He was 10 years older than me. And we, we used to go on the road together, slept at his house a million times, like, you know, like brothers. Yeah. No idea. I mean, he went to cooking school. Yeah. That's cl that's like, I hear what you're saying. But without any other clues. That's nothing. That's like A background. He was on Broadway in Hairspray? No. Okay. Well here we go. Yeah. We're getting closer to the root of the issue. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He sang in his act. He sang and danced in his Z. That's just, that's just Broadway. But he came out when he got to Broadway because he suddenly, he grew up Catholic. Yeah. And. he got to Broadway, And. he saw all these men who were gay that were comfortable in their own skin and were having like healthy relationships with each other.


And He was like, holy shit. Like his eyes opened and then he left his wife and kid. What? And his wife was my next door neighbor growing up. Whoa. Yeah. Oh, he went full in. Yeah. He could've just held it down as a gay dad told his wife like, look, I'm gay. Like, you know, we're through, but I'm gonna still hold my spot down. Yes. But you know, I'm not gonna judge the guy. That would've been the Catholic Way. Exactly. Yeah. Like, I'm gay. He should just became a priest. Honestly, You should just became if you really wanted do How many priests and nuns are gay? I Think all the nuns. All Of them. The nuns? Yeah. I mean, it kind of, you know, I wish they weren't, but Yeah, they're probably lesbians. Honestly, My mom went to Catholic school in the Bronx and she and her sisters, she had two sisters.


They get the shit kicked outta 'em because the nuns, here's the thing, nuns, let's assume that they're all gay. They join the sisterhood because they basically don't wanna have to get married. It's the 1950s. Yeah. You got no choice. You get married, nobody comes outta the class. Yeah. So they go, all right, here's an out. You go into this and then they figure, you know, maybe they're gonna go to Central America and you know, like, help poor people, whatever. And, they go, no, you're gonna be at St. Benedict's Girls School and you're gonna deal with the kids that you didn't wanna have in the first place. And. they used to slap them and beat their knuckles with rulers. Yeah. And it was brutal. Yeah. That's, that makes sense though, if that's why they're so rough and tumble. They're all a bunch of lesbians in there. Yeah.


Just wanting to get that athletic, you know? Yeah. Female athleticism out. Right. I was hit by a nun. I think I might've been the last person to get hit by a nun. Wow. Yeah. I got, I like jumped off a bus on a fire drill and landed on somebody and the lady picked me up and just like, smacked my butt. Sent me inside. And I was like, all right. Just slapped your butt. Smacked this light play. Nothing crazy. Did that, has that stayed with you? Like, do do You, are you attracted to that? Would you ask your wife to, to Smack my Butt. Put on a habit and slap Your I never had the nun fetish. No. I, there was nuns for me were always like super old ladies. There was, I never like associated them with like, sexy dude. Sally Field. Who, what does she Do? Remember the flying nun at TV show? Oh, you're younger than me. How old are you? 38.


Jesus Christ. I Look old. I know you do. I know. I've aged poorly. I've aged poorly. What Did you I just look so Young. Just no sunblock at all. No sunblock. I have two kids now and I, I literally like deteriorated in like four years. Damn. I did the same thing when I hit 50. I'm 58 and I look, I look 59. No, you look, you kind of look right on par. Yeah. I, I look fucking old man. I got gray hair. Gray hair. Yeah. The gray hair kind of fucking, You could dye your hair and probably shave 10 years off. I Can't. I know, but I can't bring myself to dye my hair. No. I look crazy if I dyed. Did you dye your hair? No, Exactly. I What the Fuck is diet. You could die, you get jet black sides. Yeah. No, I actually don't even like having sides. I just haven't shaved it in a while. You got bald? No, I, it's been something new.


I've looked young my whole life and now I don't look. Yeah. And it's, it's honestly what I get. 'cause I used to work with a guy who was like, I was being told how young I looked years ago. And He was like, I look young too. And everyone was like, nah, you look old as fuck. And I was like, ah. And then now I look old as shit. It just happened like rapidly. Yeah. But you're married man. It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter kid. I'll keep you outta trouble. True. Like, I have not given a shit what I looked like for so long. Yeah. I really, it's so freeing because the first half of my life I was like most people. I was obsessed. Yeah. My hairline started receding and I was, I was fucking putting Rogan on. And when I'd go on tv, I had this brown powder that I would put in the corners on my scalp. And it actually really worked. Does It really? Yeah.


Because the lights hit it and it doesn't bounce off. Okay. Yeah. Huh. And you know, like I always thought I was skinny and I mean, I have beautiful eyes and a good nose for sure. But I felt like my body was like, I felt weak. Yeah. I just wasn't a big dude. Yeah. And I was very self-conscious about it. And So you can never just get jacked no matter what you did. Well Look at This. Ah, dude, that's pretty fucking shredded, man. Yeah. That's no Bullshit. No, I mean, I work out I just don't, I don't have the body type that grows, you know, some people just have small bodies. You have Like kung fu master body. Yes. You have like jacked Bruce Lee body. Well, I did gymnastics for like eight years when I was, when I was young. With all Your gay friends. With all my Dude.


That pommel horse. I worked that pommel horse. You've Real did gymnastics. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, That shit's crazy, man. Yeah. My wife did that. She was very serious into it. Really? She's still like got that like Mighty mouse bill. Yeah. Don't lose that. You don't lose. I still have like hard abs and, You know. Yeah, they do C-sections on it. They've done too. And. they, they gotta like really cut into there. I like watch. It is disgusting. You didn't watch? I I didn't. I was behind the Curtain. Yeah. No, I couldn't. My wife had c-sections and the, I tried to go around and a nurse fucking grabbed me. He was like, no, no, no, you don't want see that dude. I was Like shaking. I was behind the curtain just like, ugh. Right. It's terrifying. Yeah. But man, they take it dude. They Just take it. They take it. But the upside is that vagina. Exactly.


Hey, now I know. I try to, I asked the doctor, I'm like, can you, is there something else you can do? That thing while she's under the knife? Can need to fucking throw A stitch on That take getting even tighter. That is crazy though. I, I've dodged that bullet myself. I'm like, dude, that's gotta be, I mean, that's gotta change things Right? When a fucking baby comes out of there Out of Oh, I, I would imagine. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's why you, I think you get to a certain, I don't know this for a fact, but my guess is when you get to a certain age, the man just moves about, about an inch and a half down and that becomes the new vagina. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I think it's just like, it's, it's like You got to actually, I think, I think that's what happens if you get blown.


It is kind of a cruel joke on our creator that like, babies are bigger than the biggest dick no matter what. Well, I don't think that they used to be, I, I think that women had smaller babies and wider hips. I don't think it was as big a deal to have babies. Yeah. Before True. The Heads have gotten bigger. Yeah. Like my wife had, they told my wife early on, they looked at the, the, what do you call the picture of the belly? The sonogram, whatever. Yeah. The sonogram. And. they were like, you're not, this thing's not coming out. It's Big Irish shine in Giant Irish head. And also her, her pelvis is slightly tilted. Yeah. So it was, they were like, it's never coming out. Yeah.


And she was heartbroken. She really wanted that happen. Yeah. She was so Heartbroken about, my wife was so upset and I was like, what are you talking about? This is perfect. Yeah. We're gonna enjoy this so much. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, they, they, it's like a, I guess a, a strike on their womanhood, I guess to like, not go through the howing ordeal. But still, I'm like, dude, getting cut open's pretty serious too, Man. Yeah. Well, no, I think it also, I think there's actually like certain chemicals that are released when you birth a child. That Right. That like almost stay with you. It changes a woman when it happens. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh shit, I didn't know that. I mean, it happens with my cock because it's the size that's of the baby. Exactly. Yeah. So I can women get that? Yeah, you can complete them basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


You can usher them into their full, It's, it's, it's being born over and over again for like 35 minutes. That's good. I'm glad that's actually nice of you to do that. Yeah. I would keep it to myself like, you don't deserve this. No, I share it because I feel like, you know, women, they don't get enough of that. And I feel like, you know, especially when I draw a little baby's face on my crown. Yeah, true. And I put little feet on my balls. I draw a little Feet. Is it ball up too? Is it like Yeah. Yeah. You shove a crying baby. Yeah. They don't get enough man. They, I I, it's just a shame. I I hear, I heard if they eat their placenta though, they'll get some of the effects. Yes. It's true. Like if they, if they, you know Yeah. They eat themselves.


People save the placenta. They put it in the fridge. Pop it. Yep. What do you think it does to a man? Pop the placenta Probably gives you some estrogen. They say, you know, men need estrogen. It's probably good for you. You think so? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Doesn't it cause like a bunch of problems? Well, you get tits, That's kinda sweet actually. It would be sweet. You knows Steve o's going for tits. Nah, Steve o No trans in just a full rack. He's still a dude from, from my knowledge. This might be, you know, this might be slippery slope Territory. That's amazing. He's just gonna be a dude with a fat rack. Why not? I mean, I'm the only one in his corner. I'm like, dude, that's kind of nice. I mean, it's pretty gay that we're always grabbing a dick and failing. It's why not be grabbing some breasts.


Exactly. Yeah. It's like an antidote. I wonder if you could do both at the same time or if that would get too confusing, Grabbing your boob and jerking. I mean Yeah, I'd imagine you would or titty fuck yourself, obviously. Yeah. But yeah, I don't know man. I, I think you'd have to just, you, you could hold a tit while you jerked off. Whatcha talking about? Yeah. Not both. Or you just kind like mash 'em together. Yeah. Yeah. You could come on your own tits. That would be the big one. Nah, I can't, I I can barely come on my own belly button at this point. Ah, Fuck. Yeah. I 58. I didn't think, I didn't think about that. Yeah. When, when did the rope start stop flying? I was never, yeah, I was never a big shooter. Really? No, I was just talking to Tom Segura.


And. he said he used to hit the bed board. Yeah. And. he used to fly over his head. Did that happen to you? Yeah. No, I'm telling you, I used to rip him, bro. Whoa. Yeah. I used to rip him just Yeah, Peter. Nor I used to lose him outta the park. Outta the park. Really? I'd be like, What, the Fuck did that go? Really? Yeah. And now, you know, it's not that bad. But every now and again I'll catch a drip and I'll be like, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like it's, I haven't got the full, just like oozing Status. No, my first load now is what my second load used to be. Oh, okay. Yeah. I got you. Right. Yeah. I, I, that does suck, man. Although apparently if you go on TRT, like you start just coming like a teenager. Oh really? An 18. An a teenager. Yeah. I like to find it. I don't need to shoot Over the wall. Yeah. I, I think it's a bad idea, honestly.


The TRT. Yeah. That's like the last thing. What is that growth hormone? That's just when you go on steroids basically. Yeah. You just go to a doctor and just get juiced up now. No, but I heard it gives you energy. Like I've lost, I've lost some steam. And a friend of mine went on it And. he said he just like gets up now, And, he just rips goes Yeah. Like he doesn't feel buzzy. He just has natural energy. It is youth. Yeah. But who knows what kind of cancers it causes and shit like that. I mean, if you get to a certain point, it's like, you might as well as let it rip Because you're gonna die anyway. Yeah. I mean, if I'm like 60, I'll probably break the glass on the TRT. Yeah. Dye my hair. Right. Just leave my family, dude. Like, I'm outta here. I've dealt with you long enough.


I'm jacked and I'm young again. Right, right. I mean, it would be good to have like a chapter two with another woman. I've been married 25 years this month. Damn. Yeah. Congrats. That's Awesome. Yeah. Thank you. That's Pretty, that's a serious achievement, Dude. It's an achievement. And I swear to you, and this is gonna sound corny, but I still, I feel like I'm dating her still. We go out, we laugh. That's nice. I'm attracted to her. She's just, she's amazing So. that that is, that's beautiful. Did you guys have like a, 'cause I, I'm like curious about this 'cause you seem like you've, you know, we both do stand up and we have families and stuff. How do you kind of keep that going? It's like, it's a lot to be like gone all the time. Come back. Is there, period, do you guys have periods of like, power struggle in this stuff? No. Or was it just always smooth sailing?


It's, I mean, when I, when my son was born, I was gone. Well first of all, you know, we dated so she knew what she was getting into. Yeah, that's right. Because I was already on the road like half the time. And so she came into it going like, you know, okay, I'm good with that. She's a very like self, she's an independent person. She could take care of herself. Gotcha. And she has good friendships. And so she's got a community. And, and then when our son was born, I freaked out. I just started taking so much road work 'cause I was so, you know what it's like? Yeah. You're just like, oh my God, how am I gonna pay for college? And so I, and then, and I was gone so much that she finally just went, this isn't working you.


Something has to change. And so I called up Louis CK who I started with. He's one of my best friends. And I was like, dude, I'm dying out here. I don't, I don't know what to do. And. he was writing on a TV show at the time called Cedric the Entertainer presents And. he is like, dude, we're looking for a monologue writer. I got a meeting set up for you on Monday with Cedric. Oh, that's nice. So I spent the weekend, I was in Indianapolis and I sat in a hotel room writing jokes for a, a black dude from St. Louis. That was the voice, not me. That's the dream. That's the dream. That's The dream. That's right. That's a dream. Yeah. I got on a Kangle cap some, you know, I got a Blackberry instead of my iPhone. He was ply walking around the room with a claw just digging, like hitting the fucking stanky legs.


So I go, so I go in and I pitch to him And. he fucking, like, he loved my jokes. I got hired. That's awesome. And that started, like, I've had a pretty good career as a writer. I've been writing for Yeah. You know, 20 years now on a million shows. And I've been able to balance that with my standup. So I wasn't gone as much, you know? Yeah. Basically, I go on the road, whatever, 15 weekends a year. That's not bad. And then I'm home riding on shows the, the rest of the time. That's kind of the dream. I, I, that's, that's, thank God for this podcast. 'cause Yeah. If I had to just do the road, I'd be, oh, I'd be dead. I, No, you can't keep a marriage going if you're just doing stands. You can't, dude, Even if I'm out there being a good boy, dude, it's like, you just, you just calling too much. Man, it fucking sucks. Right, right. So, But yeah. How many weeks a, a year are you on the road?


I initially was doing two weekends out of a month. Perfect. And then I started doing like three, and then I did like three. I'll do like three in a row. And, and then now I've, I'm gonna scale it back down to like, once I get th i, I like overbook myself for these two months. Mm. I'm gonna keep a hard limit on just two a month. Yeah. Hopefully. Ideally one, eventually. And then when you're in town, you come out and do spots. Yeah. If I'm not doing standup that weekend, yeah. I'll try to do it because then it's like I'm gone all weekend. Then I, you know, you do spots during the week and you're just never Right. You're not there for any of the dinner time, so. Right. So I try, I'm pretty good at balancing it. I I can also, I can not do standup for like two weeks. It doesn't bother me. Yeah. I'm not one of those guys. Like, I gotta get on The stage. Yeah. I gotta get on the stage. 35 years. I've never, other than the pandemic, I've never gone more than a couple weeks without doing it.


Yeah. Really? Yeah. I get I just fucking, I love it. I love it. And also I honestly, I get scared Yeah. That I'm gonna lose my place if I don't keep showing up. If You don't keep doing it. Yeah. Gotta go piss on the hydrant every week, you know? Yeah, true. Let people know. Show the youngins. Who's the fucking og. Yeah, that's True. Yeah. That must be fun to pop in though. But yeah, I I just every now and again, I'm like, I I just get pissed on my sleep. Or I'm like, I don't wanna be out till fucking two in the morning. Can't do it. So Yeah. When you do the early spots. No, I go out loud. You stay out late, I'll be, no, I usually ask for later spots because I like to have dinner with the family. Right. And sometimes it's like, I'll be out to dinner with my wife and like two other couples and all of a sudden it's 10 o'clock and they're like, all right, I'm tired.


I'm going home. And I was like, all right, I'm heading into Sunset Strip. I live in Venice. And they're like, what? They're like, why, how much are you making? I'm like, 30 bucks. Yeah. How much time are you doing? 15 minutes. I'm gonna drive an hour round trip. And they're like, why? And I just look at them like, I don't know. I have to. Yeah. I, I don't know. It's not rational. Yeah. Just do it. It's what I've always done. No, that makes sense. I, I, I could, for me, I could totally, I like doing it once I'm there, but like, just the anticipation of it for me, it's like I got shit all weird beforehand. I'm like, it's just, that's, that's why I look so fucking old man. Yeah. I don't like that bad I just busting you balls.


Did you play sports growing up? You look like a wrestler. Yeah, I played, I should have wrestled. That was my big mistake. Yeah. I never wrestled. I played basketball and football Basket. How tall are you? Five 10. How are you? But I was, I played when I was little, so like, I was tall when I was little. Yeah. Then I got to high school football and I just like saw other defensive ends and I was like, oh, that's not my position, I guess. Yeah. That's never high school was like my Alan Iverson. Was that your guy? Yeah, That was the big guy. Great. AI was huge. Yeah. He was awesome. Yeah. But yeah, it was high school. High school was like the end of my sports career pretty much. Because I just got there and I'm like, yeah, I'm, I'm not growing. And I stopped growing. Yeah. So where'd you go to college? Drexel. Drexel University. Oh, no. Shit. Yeah. It's kind of a rough neighborhood, isn't it? Yeah, it's in, it's in like Mantua and West Phil.


So it's like where Drexel is, It is fine, but if you go north of that, that's called Mantua. It's called the bottom. That's like colloquially. That's what it's called. And It is a really bad neighborhood. It's all getting gentrified. Then if, like, if you go past Penn, that's like West Philly proper. Yeah. But yeah, it's pretty bad, man. I, I've lived in a, I used to live in a house when I graduated that was like, it was on 37th of Mellon. Now it's just public housing, but it was literally four blocks or four houses on the entire block. And it was literally like a prostitute next to me. Like literally she would like suck dicks out of her back door. Did you light her on fire? No, I was, I was pretty tolerant of her lifestyle. Yeah. I drove her. You cast her up, but you never let them match. I never wanted to beat women or light 'em on fire. I'm just saying that's what we used to Do. You Know. People still kill hookers though.


That's Yeah. And, they sad thing is like, the police are like, all right, whatever. Like, there's no investigation. They're just like, know that life didn't mean anything. I know. It's pretty shitty. Yeah. They, there was like two homeless guys behind my house, and one of 'em killed the other one like a month ago. And the cops came for like an hour. They, they didn't even yellow tape it. They were just like, all right. They just Kicked him down The sewer one less. Yeah. Damn. So they, they fucking killed the other guy. Yep. Did you see it or do you just, you No, I didn't see it, but like the whole neighbor was telling me the next day, you know, and then you got that like, what's the police thing? Citizen? Yeah. So they had the whole breakdown of it, but, well, How did they, was it with like a gun?


Or did like, they have Knife. Knife stabbed him in the neck. Ah, Damn dude. Yeah, I mean, Venice is rough. It's, it's like, in, in some ways it's very wholesome. Like it's a real neighborhood. It's community. It's always been very community. Like people don't have fences between their houses and like, yeah. My kids grew up with the, with the same cabin. I've been there 22 years in the same house, and we play beach volleyball on Sundays together. I play paddle tennis at the beach. That's fucking awesome. Poker nights, you know, we go out to dinner like, it's really amazing. But, you know, there are pockets of, you know, encampments not like they used to be. They really cleared it out. Yeah. But it's, how Do they clear it out too?


I always hear that. I think, I think they physically like pick them up and like, get outta here. Well, they get, they do a lot of lead up. They spend three months like trying to find them housing, interim housing. They put some of them into rehabs. They actually unite people with their families. There's like a whole outreach problem. Really. Program where they do that. Yeah. No, they're really good about it in Venice. That's Good. Yeah. Yeah. I was in Salt Lake and I was talking to the old mayor. Oh dude, dude. He was like, I didn't know he was running on like, save the homeless. Yeah. And He was like, Yo, usually this place is full of homeless people. And I was like, oh, it looks nice, man. It was a good job. He is like, no. It's like they literally came in here and just like grabbed their shit. I heard about that. Get the fuck out. Yep. Heard about that And, they take about that their like medications and they're like, you know, Well, it's brutal. But I will say, I was like, it's parks beautiful though.


It's, it's definitely It is for the better. It's nice, but it's kind of brutal when you, But they're just, you're just stomping on 'em. You're almost just beat their ass. You're like the fuck out here. Yeah. I mean, it's like it, they're gonna go somewhere. The problem is, is especially in California where the weather's not that bad. Like they just, honestly, they're given a chance to get into housing And. they don't want to. Yeah. There's this like, there's a mentality that's kind of sprung up of like, they call 'em campers, you know, And, they wanna be in RVs or whatever, And. they don't wanna be told what to do. And there is, and the drug use is like, I don't know how much of It is that the drug use caused the homelessness or the mental illness caused the homelessness, which then caused, you know, self-medicating with different drugs.


But it's, it's a really tough cycle to break. Listen up renters ever feel like you're stuck in this loop of rent payments, just watching your money vanish into thin air. It's time to turn that rent game around and start earning some serious rewards. That's where built rewards come in. I mean, my God, I, I wish I had that. Keep my landlord off my back with some fucking online points Built is Breaking Ground as the first rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent. Even if you're still rocking the old school rent check Vibes Built Rewards has got your back. They'll mail the check for you. It's like having a personal rent paying assistant every month.


Pay your rent and watch the built points. Roll in. Use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points toward a flight or hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000, 700,000 plus hotels and properties. Use your points to sweat it out. Redeem your points to book fitness studio classes. You can also use your points toward a future rent payment or toward a future down payment on a home Pay rent hassle free through the Built Rewards app. Your rent game just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the points guy and bank rate earn points by paying rent right now.


When you go to join built.com/drenched, that's J-O-I-N-B-I lt.com/drenched. Make sure to use our URL so they know we sent you join built.com/drenched to start earning points with your rent payments today. Ever experience the agony of harsh smoke throat burning or coughing attacks when smoking cannabis? The struggle is real, but the solution is chilly. That's right. I'm talking about the smoothest way to light up. And that's with Freeze Pipe Freeze Pipe makes a unique line of freezable pipes, bubblers and bongs that are 80% colder than using ice cubes to chill smoke. The magic is freezable glycerin chambers that come on every piece.


Simply pop the chamber in the freezer for one hour and as smoke passes through, it's instantly chilled by over 300 degrees. So every puff arrives ice cold and cough free. I mean, I can personally endorse this company. I've used their bongs and stuff. They are pretty fantastic. It's better than a snow bong, better than an ice cube bong. It really does take it to the next level American owned. And with over 100,000 happy customers. Freeze Pipe uses the thickest glass in market leading glycerin chambers for a smoother experience. You have to feel to believe ditch harsh smoke forever by visiting the Freeze Pipe dot com and use code drenched for 10% off your order. That's the Freeze Pipe dot com and code drenched for 10% off.


Shop today for free shipping and smoke like royalty without paying a King's ransom. PrizePicks is America's number one daily fantasy sports app with over 5 million active members. PrizePicks is the easiest and most exciting way to play daily fantasy sports. Unlike other apps on PrizePicks, it's just you against the numbers. All you do is pick more or less on two to six player stat projections and watch the winnings roll in. Get in on the daily action with your friends and become part of the PrizePicks community today. You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks. With as little as four correct picks, you can turn $10 into a thousand dollars. Think Tyreek Hill will get more than 90.5 yards in week one.


Aaron Jones will run for more than 66.5 yards. Cook up hot takes with your friends. And when real money, this football season, when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks, PrizePicks is available in more than 30 states across the country, including California, Texas, and Georgia. I mean, it doesn't get any better than that. I just wanna get in on the, the fantasy action. That's all you want guys. Just get in, pick the stat projections. I mean, dude Reek Hill more than 90.5 yards. Oh man, that's a tough one. I'd have to check my stats. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drench to get $50 instantly. When you play $5, that's code drenched on PrizePicks to get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need a win to receive the $50 bonus.


It's guaranteed PrizePicks run your game. Yeah, dude. Especially if they're like, you know, 'cause I, I know in Orange County what they do is they go, Hey, we have a bed for you. And if they go, no thank you, you go, okay, get on this bus and you can just, they just drop 'em off in San Diego. Oh, no kidding. Yeah, They're like, well, we offered you a place and if you didn't take it now you're loitering. And now you have to leave Orange County, Man. Yeah, they do. I I like they don't fuck around. But it's also like, I don't know, man. It's one of those things where I've heard of, I was talking to my friend Jerry k Clte, And, he wrote a book. He was on Skid Row. He lived there for like a couple years, or I think like a year and went back and forth. And. he said the problem with the housing is a lot of times you put these guys in housing And they od on Fentanyl and there's in a house And, they die. Yeah. Whereas if they're on the street, they od someone's like, oh, Jesus, Christ, And.


he needs Narcan. Oh, okay. Because it's kind of a mess, man. It's a tough one to fix. Yeah. It is, and it, and It is funny because like as people that grew up Catholic, you know, what would Jesus have done? You know, he literally was out there with the lepers. I know. And the prostitutes and kissed Them too. Like he Kissed them I know. Washed their feet. Yeah. That's a big one. Yeah. Imagine washing their feet, like Meth feet, they're like falling off too. Like, Oh my God. With those hard nails that are like all crusty and No, it's brutal. But then, you know, you see so many Christians in this country that are so anti poor. Yeah. It's really, you know, it's, it's a real paradox.


Yeah. Even in the abortion issue, like I get why they don't like it. Like my mom. No. Go zone for her. You talk abortion. My mom's like, get the fuck outta here. Shit. Good news For you. True. Yeah. Why would that be bad news actually? Because She would've aborted you. True. Yeah. Yeah. That's, yeah. I thought you meant like my kids. I'm like, she's not gonna kill my kids. What the Fuck you talking about True. Yeah. She was anti-abortion and, but It is like, you know, it's weird when they're anti-abortion And, they like spit on the ladies walking in. It's like, dude, You should like hug this lady on the way out. She just destroyed her fetus, man. It's pretty sad. Yeah. It's the saddest shit ever. Well, That's the thing. No one's happy about it. I don't think so. Some ladies pretend they're like, yeah, I got my 10th one. You're like, dude, relax. No, I have a joke about how like, women need to own it more because they're, listen, especially It is hilarious by the way.


Sorry. Cut off. I watched it. Oh, but you watched it? Yes. It was very, oh, no shit. Very funny. Yeah. Oh, I appreciate That. I'm always nervous when they send me stuff because I'm like, what if I don't like it? Yeah. And I watched it. I'm like, this is fuck. I'm like, sweet. Oh, Nice. Because I couldn't Have it in me to be like, it was awesome, man. I was watching, I'm like, yeah, this shit fucking ruled. I knew it would be good. I've seen your stuff before, but it especially was really Good. Were literally like maybe the seventh person I've talked to that's seen it because it just came out last night. Yep. I only showed it to like a few, I showed it to AAL and a few other people, AAL told me, cut the first three minutes, you're you're, you're dead. You're, you have death in your eyes. And I did, I just went in and I snipped out the first three minutes and I started it with me standing on stage. That's a good move though. Yeah. You know, it's not like a jarring cut either. No.


I turn around to, I say hello, and then I turn around to go to the stool and then it does the title page and then when you come back, I'm starting. Yeah. It's talking. Yeah. So it was fine. And even if it wasn't, who gives a shit? Nobody cares. I think it's almost fun to start a little bit different, but No, but I think I was nervous and, and it showed I just, it's not, I don't think the material's bad. Like it was fine. Well, You think you You are Oh, in the first three, in the first three minutes. Yeah. I was like, what? But, but it's blowing up on, on, it's just been out for like 12 hours and it's got like 35,000. That's awesome. Views already. Yeah, dude. It's Very Funny. Yeah. I can't believe it. Yeah. I That's a sweet way to do it too. Yeah. I mean, call it, it's, it's a pain in the ass because like, you gotta, I paid for it myself, which was a lot.


I shot it at the mothership. Yeah. And I was like, all right, I'm never getting this money back. But then you get to the distributor and there's like a whole split with them. That's a lot. Like they had a lot and you're like, that's kind of my thing, isn't it? What kind? What is the split? Split? I don't wanna get into it. Okay. Because they're probably gonna listen to it. But, but no, it, it, it's, it's, you're never independent. That's the thing I've learned about this business. You can try to be independent, but at the end, at the, you know, at the, at the 11th hour, you end up having to like, you know, go into business with people. Yeah. Yeah. I tried, I tried to hold out for a while. I was like, I don't need anybody. And then, you know, You are, You get a special Out.


I did one on YouTube like two years ago. Oh, nice. But I'm saying, but yeah, you're like, I'm not hired. I don't need a manager. I don't need a fucking agent. Right. I'll book these clubs myself. And you do it twice and you're like, I need all this stuff. No agents. I, I love agents. Yeah. I mean, my agent gets me work, collects the money, sets up my hotel, like, oh, for 10%, no problem. Oh, So you're like an agent manager basically. I got rid of the manager. You did? Yeah. Agent does everything. You don't need the 40,000 foot view all the time. Yeah. Right, right, right. Yeah. Here's what we're thinking. Oh, really? What were you thinking? Because I was in a hotel room in Michigan. I did a lot more thinking about me than you did. You thought about me as your receptionist said that I just called, you always hear them tapping on the keyboard while you're talking because they have notes.


And, they look up what you said last time so they can go. Yeah. I followed up on so and so. I haven't heard back. Haven't you really? I have feel like that is the ultimate game where they just grab a bunch of dudes. They just blow up. You just blow your ego up. They're like, bro, You are about to blow, Man. Yeah. And you have like 20 people and you're stable and you're like, one of these dumb asses will hit it. Yeah. Just cash in on 'em. So You have no agent. Imagine I have, I have, I have both. I have Agent man. Oh you do? Yeah. Where are they located? New York. New York. And I think la Yeah, so I think la Well, some are in la Everyone's all over the place now, but they're mostly New York, LA I think for the most part. That's good. They're not taking a piece of the podcast, are they? No, I don't think I, no, I don't think they're, yeah. Yeah. I think they want it.


But no, that's The, that is the last Stand Man podcast. Podcast Has to be island still. The wild West. It has to be an island Because what do you got? You got, what's your name again? Andrew Tar. You got Andrew Tar, and that's all you need. He records it. You upload it and it's done. Yeah. It's, you Know, it's, I feel my family business is demolition and the, oh, no shit. In order, in order to work, they have to like lug heavy machines. Yeah, yeah. Just to like, make some, like, get some like copper, you know? And it's like, I just seen a microphone. That's it. Fucking computer. Yeah. It's pretty, I feel bad. All my family does construction, like landscape and all that stuff. Now, my grandfather, his name was Florence McCarthy. He was from Ireland. That's hilarious. And so he raised my mom in the Bronx.


And then my father, who also grew up in the Bronx, comes over and my grandfather worked for Con Edison, the electric company. And like on the poles, you know, winter time, Jesus, Christ in New York, pulling wires. And so my dad was in radio. This is the family business for me. Like That's awesome. I grew up with my dad, who's one of the biggest guys in New York, in radio. That's awesome. And so he comes over to the house, And, he meets, he's dating my mom, And. he iss meeting Florence for the first time. And. he is already working in radio. He's making a living in radio. That's awesome. So he comes in and my, my grandfather says, well, what do you do for a living? And my father goes, well, I'm a, I'm a radio broadcaster, And. he goes, huh, that sounds fine.


He goes, and what kind of hours are those? And my father goes, I work from noon to 4:00 PM and my grandfather thinks for a second And. he goes, well, you may come home hungry, but you'll never come home. Tired. And. they became like best friends. Yeah. Sorry. Fake laughed. I don't get it. Well, just that, like, he's so used to coming home, tired from work. Oh, okay. And my father's working four hours sitting behind a microphone. So come home hungry for lunch. I'm sorry. I totally fake. I didn't get it. And I panicked and I fake left. Now I Get it. So thanks for nobody admits that I felt dirty. I was like, I don't get it.


I'm a terrible liar. So I was Like, good for you. Halfway through, I was like, I think there was 10% of me that wasn't buying the laugh. I think so. It was a bad one. It was a bad fake laugh. Well, because I think I've genuinely made you laugh a a few times. And so I, I sensed the difference. That was a fake laugh. That was a, well, it, it was like I was already sold. And as soon as you did the thing, I was like, hilarious. And I was like, wait a second. I, well, it Was a solid setup. I got characters. I did an accent. I was, I was, I was all bought in. Yeah. I was just like, then as, as I was laughing, I was like, wait a second, I don't care. No, This guy deserve Accent. The accent got me too. Yeah. Right. Yeah. My mom's dad was from Ireland. And. he used to do like weird shit when they would buy cars, he would like jump, he would stand on the bumper and just like jump up and down. Oh, really? Yeah.


He was, What was his name? Cornelius Ney. Cornelius Ney. Yeah. What county was he from? Cork. I think it was like Cork or Killarney. One of those. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We had some people from Cork. Yeah. Blarney. Yep. Yeah, down there. The bottom, that's South Ireland, right? It's Southern. No, cork is, that's like Cork City Blarney. Okay. It's a suburb of Cork City, which is a great fucking city, man. Yeah. I spent a lot of time there. I went when I was 14 and I was kind of like too young. I was just there walking around, like Whatever. Yeah. We just went last summer. Did you really? Yeah, I took my whole family. I've been there like five times. But my, I took my kids for the first time. And. they, I would tell you something, my my kids like really feel their roots.


Like we all got the same tattoo when, when my daughter turned 18, she always wanted a tattoo. And so I said, all right, let's all get the same tattoo when we turn 18. Awesome. And so, so they, I don't know, but they've always felt, you know, like St. Patrick's Day, I play a lot of Irish music and like St. Patrick's Day is a big day. And you know, my mom has gotten them very into the church and, and Irishness. And, and so we went over there and like, they felt it in their bones. Yeah. They just got there and they're like, oh my God. Like, this is where we're from, you know? Yeah. It's pretty cool, man. Yeah, I was too. My mom was way more into it. 'cause her parents were like right from Ireland. And my, my dad's Irish too, but he's always like, I'm not fucking Irish dude. Oh, really? Yeah.


He'd be like, he's a fucking Irish. He's like, I'm English. And I'm, he would tell us he was a Jew. He's just, what? Yeah. He'd be like, I'm a Jew. Was he Jewish? No. He just let the fuck with my mom. He's like, I don't give a fuck about Ireland. He'd like, fuck Ireland. His whole fa his family was from Ireland, but He was like Scottish Irish. But you went to Catholic church just with your mom, then your dad didn Go. My dad would come. No, he would come. Oh, his whole, when I asked him about It is my mom was really the driving force with like the Catholic church. Yeah. My dad would go and I'm like, well, you don't even care. He is like, look man, when you get a fucking like tumor on your face, you're gonna want to go to church. I was like, all right. Right On. So it's just an insurance policy Kind of. Yeah. Or you, I think he was just like, yeah, man, it's good to go. You gotta go. It is good to go. I know. I gotta go. I want to go back. I haven't gone in forever.


I gotta convince my wife to go to, we're, we're at like a religious war right now. Yeah. She wants us to go to Baptist. I would like to go to Catholic Mass, but I get it. If you're not used to it. No. It's a lot to take On. You kind of look back and you're like, sorry. Yeah. It's, it's intense. It's much weird. Hold on. Yeah, it's fucked up. It's like in Taxi Driver when Robert DeNiro takes what's her name to a porn movie? She thinks they're going to a movie on a date. You, you ever see Taxi Driver? I did, but it was so, I saw so many movies while I was so high. When I was younger. He Was dating, was it Candace Bergen? It was a, it was a really famous, beautiful actress, and she's very kind of prim and proper And. he asked her out on a date and she's like, yes. And then he brings it to a movie, And. they walk into a fucking porn movie in Times Square.


That's what it's like bringing somebody to a Catholic. It's just like, what's going on here? Exactly. And then you're getting up and you're like, and I get all nervous. I'm like, get your, get your ass off the pew. I'm like, stop. Get it off, dude. My mom's gonna fucking Sp. Yeah. But yeah, it's so much like pressure to behave a certain way. That's the thing I don't miss about it. Yeah. But we went to church in Ireland. I took my mom. Whenever I'm with my mom, I take her to church. Yeah. My mom Loves church Too. So we went to this cathedral. We were in Galway and there's this huge beautiful cathedral downtown. And it's like, I think the fifth largest cathedral in Europe. And so we, we go to the mass and we go to like the 10:00 AM mass on Sunday. This is like, this is the mass, this the headliner Mass.


10 spot. Yeah. 10:00 AM is the Big one. And we walk in, I'm telling you man, the Irish have given up. They got the molestation thing was way worse over there. Yeah. The church was like a quarter full. Oh. And it was all like immigrants. It was all like, like Filipino Catholics and stuff. And then, and then the altar boys come in and these dudes were like rugby players. They were like 17, six foot three. It's like, yeah, no one's sending their scrawny little kid to be an altar boy anymore. These guys can fight back. Yeah. Man. Yeah. Damn. They are just like big strapping. Yep. Yeah. They got, yeah, they did get crushed over there. I forgot about that. They got hit like Harder, worse than us.


Yeah. That's terrible. 'cause it's, it's the whole, you know, not the whole country, but obviously the north is not, but like, you know, the Republic of Ireland, everybody's Catholic. Yeah. So there's that much more reverence and you know, not talking outta school about it. Keeping it secret. Yeah. Protecting the priests. Yeah. That was a wild one. Yeah. I thought about that last night. You think they were like, 'cause they let a lot of those guys, they shuffle 'em around. So it was like, I'm like, maybe they just forgave them. But I was like, that's kind of a rugged call. What do you mean the church elders forgave The priest? Yeah. You're pop You can't like condemn. I mean, technically you can condemn pedophiles out. Be like, I don't like that. Yeah. But could he have like, he should have punished 'em, but that would've gone against his, well, It seems like Francis is, he's, he's made a lot more steps towards it.


But the previous Pope, what was that guy's name? Francis? Probably. Francis five. No, Francis is the new one. Aren't They all named Francis? Or like Francis or John Paul? No, the last guy. He was, he was Cardinal Benedict or something. Okay. Whatever. This, he really covered up. I mean, he actually had to step down. Yeah. 'cause of it. Why? That's crazy. Yeah. Look at, look at the speed of this. Who is the last Pope? True. Yeah. I, I don't, that is a rough one. Here's the, I was like, why is, there's no mention of pedophiles in the Bible that could have cleared it up right away. Yeah. It was like, and then Jesus met a pedophile and was like, get the fuck outta here. Right. Right. So, that would've been helpful. 'cause there's no real, what does the church father do if you're answering to, well, There was also just spiritual also.


Like, who knows what was considered underage back then? You know, you look at the Greeks and what they were doing with boys, it was considered like a Right. It was your right. As a man. Especially if you're a senator, to have a boy, to have boys. Yeah. Yeah. They had pages And. they were there for whatever. Yeah. True. Yeah. Yeah. I've never been into it Personally having boys. Yeah. I don't, I'm not there. I don't know. I'm just not into it. I don't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't wanna fuck the boys, but I would like to show up to like a high power social function with like, a bunch of boys. Let people think. They kind of like boys. I wouldn't touch them. Yeah. Right, right. I would treat them well, but I, I would let people think like, they're my boys. And, they all, you want 'em all look a little scared, you know? Stay real close to me and look Scared Benedict.


Yeah. Benedict to now look that he, I believe he had to step down. Damn. Yeah. Why did the last Pope resign? See that down below. Oh Man. Yeah. There'd be, there's something terrible too about wearing like the outfit with a high hat when you're sitting in like a giant chair and someone's like, they're molesting all the kids. And you're like, I feel so silly in all his clothes right now. I know. This Whole house, A cards is about to crumble. Yeah. No one's gonna give their five bucks to us anymore. We're Fucked. Yeah. I mean, they're, they're not broke because o you know, over the years the church is amassed like really the best real estate in the world. Yeah. They're the biggest landowner on, on Earth. I Thought they were gonna go out. I'm like, they're gonna go outta business. My friend was like, no, they're not, dude. They've done this. They can do a hundred year cycle of nobody coming.


And they're fine. They've got the artwork at the Vatican alone. Yeah. 60 minutes is this piece about the artwork in the Vatican. It's, it's, it's, they have like catacombs down there that go on forever and it's got like Da Vincis and Picassos and really, you know, Rembrandt and Yeah. They've got all the incredible art. What, Like people donate them to the church? Or you think that was like old school conquest, I guess. Holocaust. What? No, I don dunno. They have Jewish gold. I mean, hey. Yeah. They fenced all the Jewish gold. Yeah. In Valley Church. Yeah. Damn dude. Yeah. That's fucked up. I'm, I'm glad. Well, anyway, you're talking about gonna church and how wonderful the cathedral was before we talked about child molestation.


Well, it was, it was wonderful. And then there's always the question of whether or not to take communion. Do you take communion when you go, because you're supposed to have confessed recently in order to be eligible Yeah. To take the Eucharist into your body. But if you sit it out, everyone assumes you have mortal sin on your soul. That's right. So it's like, I'm not trying to, you know, So you eat. I'd eat it. Yeah. I actually, you know what's fucked up? This is actually really, this is an unfortunate thing. I have a gluten allergy, so I actually can't technically eat the Eucharist. The body of Christ is not gluten-free. Well, I'm not cannibal, so I don't eat the body of Christ. 'cause it's Drink the blood. I drink his blood though. Nice. That's awesome. So I actually fake take it.


Well, I mean, again, you, your wife. Okay. I hand it to her. I gave it to her. My wife eats it. I go, here, eat this. Oh, really? Eat that, babe. Hilarious. I've eaten a ton of this stuff. Go ahead. Think of that. She grew up going to a church where it's all metaphor. You know, there's a and then you take her in and you go, no, this is, this is real. This is Jesus' body and blood. Yeah. Eat It. Eat it now. Wow. He's right there on that cross. Brutally murdered. Damn. It is good though, man. People need a suffering based philosophy. They don't, they're not popular anymore. No. I just being like, no, your life's gonna suck, dude. It's not gonna, it's gonna be fucking brutal. Yeah. And You should, that's where you'll find your biggest center of meaning. Not like, you know, like, did you ever get into like the happiness science?


There's like scientists now trying figure out how Yeah. That guy teaches that class at Harvard. Dude, it's the most depressing shit. It is to watch. You are like, It is, did you try to practice gratitude and journal for five minutes? That'll make you happy. It's like, dude, I'm gonna kill myself. I agree. A thousand percent. I mean, I I'll say this, like, therapy helped me a lot in my life. I really did learn because I have depression and I really learned a lot of coping skills. Like, I do work out for my brain. I meditate. I try to, I do try to have gratitude. That that does help a lot. I don't wanna sit down and journal about it, but I try to stop when I, you, you know, like with the special coming out, like, I really did take a couple minutes today and, and take it in. Like, I almost cried.


I was like, this is really intense. You know? But no, I think that, I think that trying to be happy. No, exactly. And I'm not against it either. I like, I like therapy. I did the same thing. It's good to have like an outside perspective. Yeah. I don't like the sanitized approach to where it's like, no, no, no, no. We can figure this out scientifically. Yeah. It's like, dude, no, you can't. They tried to figure out comedy scientifically. I was just reading this article in the New Yorker about it. Ugh. And it was a British Institute, so right out of the gate, like, all right, it's gonna be awful. And. they had like 40,000 British people submit and then vote on jokes to see what was the best joke. And actually the, the best joke wasn't bad. It was guy goes to the doctor's office, doctor checks me, he goes, goes, it's not good.


He goes, well, how bad is it? He goes, you don't, you don't have a lot of time left. And the guy goes, well, how much time do I have? And the doctor goes, 10. And the guy goes, 10 months. 10 weeks. And the doctor goes, 10, 9, 8. A hilarious. That's not bad. So. that was the best one. Yeah. That was the best one. Well, I Think, think so. They just street jokes, basically. Street jokes. Old jokes. Jokes from people. Standup routines went in there. Damn. And that beat everyone. Standup Might have been my delivery. No, I, I get the joke. I mean, you didn't get the Florence joke.


I nervous Before. Now Nervous. I don't have a lot of faith in you, Dude. I was like, if I don't get this one, I'm be fucking No. Like, I better understand The number one joke of all time and you don't get it. Yeah. That's So what were their findings though? Because they have to be like XY Like what are the variables? Well, you know, they always break it down and there's 12 different structures. You know, there's the reverse, there's the irony, there's the whatever. And it's just like, it really, what do they say? The the frog dies in a just dissecting table or something like that. You know, you just can't pull it apart. Yeah. It doesn't make sense. And, and that's why AI is doing everything, dude. I mean, they, it's doing fucking heart surgery while the doctors stand there and watch basically, at this point.


Really? Basically. Yeah. Are you worried About AI Writing? No, but not comedy. I've yet to see AI write comedy. That makes sense. Because there's something about it that's ephemeral. There's something that is so cultural and so human. You know, it's, it, it's poking at your humanity and what your sense of what's appropriate. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. And that's moving, that's a moving target. That's always depending on the room, depending on who you're with. Dude, I, I totally agree. I, I, I don't know why people are freaking out about AI with writing. I'm like, dude, if, if you're, if AI's taking out your writing, it's like you might have to be, you know, taken into the harvester. Yeah. 'cause it's like, it's, I've done, I've tried to AI jokes to see what they were like.


And they're so bad. Well, the jokes about, I mean, I could see like a, a, a Marvel franchise movie getting written easily. I might, you might as well. Yeah. Might as well. Yeah. And then you can just tweak it and be like, oh, well yeah, this guy, this Guy. You get two guys to tweak it. Yeah. Red spandex. All right, there you go. Yeah. But yeah, I think it'll, what'll happen is everything will be the same, basically. It'll just put a bunch, which a lot of popular stuff is very similar anyway. So it'll be like shitty popular, like, or like, you know, sitcomy time slot TV will just be like a, just produced by ai. But I think if you're actually writing, you know, stuff, I think it's pretty easy to beat Ai. I mean, having kids, and you'll deal with the, how old are your kids now?


Two and four. Two and four. I mean, my kids are 20 and 23, 21 and 23. And you know, they're going into the workforce and they're having a really hard time looking at the, you you send your resume into the abyss. Yeah. You know, you get on these job sites and you send in hundreds of resumes, you get, they don't even reply if you get like a couple people replying. So the only way to get a job is by knowing somebody. And unfortunately it's me. So I got like four contacts in the entertainment business. And so you have to chart your own path and you have to do something like what you're doing. You know, you have to start your own business, essentially. And I keep thinking like, you know, like my daughter's actually interning at the podcast studio.


Really? That I work at. Yeah. That's they, I heard they, I don't know if it's the same one, but there's one from LA that's coming here and opening up too. Change? No, mine is just mine. Oh, at Your podcast? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got what you're, I thought you meant like the LA kind, but she's learning the skill. She's learning about. That's awesome. All the stuff that this gentleman right here is doing, you know, dude, It's, yeah. My little cousin just got, he submitted like 50 resumes. He submitted like a, or like 50 applications. It's like crazy. It's Brutal. Yeah, it's brutal. And the thing is, unemployment's like less than 4%, but it's like, yeah. They're all shit jobs. Yeah. They're all waiting tables. Yeah, that's true. There are, there's not a lot of, I mean, I had a guy, I had a friend who was a copywriter in an ad agency, and there was 15, it was a big agency. It had 15 copywriters.


AI came in. They got three now. Yeah. That, that you could do all day long. Oh yeah. I had, I knew, I knew of somebody who was doing articles for like an online, like a blog thing. And. he, they didn't really get hit to the AI thing. It was like a couple years ago, And. he said he would just show up, hit like a couple prompts, give him, they would feed him like 4, 750 word articles. He would just tweak 'em and be like, and just hold 'em. Like, all right, here you go. Just kind of scatter 'em throughout the week. And, he is like, dude, I just chilled. Yeah. He's like, mine would work for 15 minutes a week. Do You think about college students? Do you think any of them are writing an essay ever again? Never. There's no, there's no way you could, yeah. Yeah. I've heard that's actually even like the, I was, I remember I had a thing that could do bibliographies, which were always annoying as fuck.


But I remember I had a program that could do those. Yeah. Now you can just completely AI a paper And it's not just, I don't know. It's not just about being able to, you know, formulate a thesis and support it and have transitions and a conclusion. It's not all that. It's about, it's fucking, you know, nine o'clock on a, on a on a Sunday night and It is due tomorrow and your friends are going to the bar and you're like, ah, you know, I can kind of mail this in. But there's that, that part of you that has to dig in and, and face it and push through it and finish. Like, that's the thing that they're missing now in life, is they don't have that drive. Yeah. Like I see with my kids, like my son is like, he's a smart kid.


He's charming as hell, but he's gone through a, an education system that hasn't forced him to like, really like, handle his business. Yeah. It's just, he's smart enough that it was just easy, You know? Yeah. I, I can't stand the school system. 'cause it's like trying to like memorize information's worthless. Yeah. Like completing just rote tasks of like, it should really be like, we have the ability now to like, hone in on a person and be like, what are your inherent talents and interests? Yeah. And then really try to amplify those, you know? Yes. At least a little bit to where it's not like, like I went to school for business. I didn't give a fuck about business. Yeah. And it's just like, you know, and Catholic school is just like memorized the capitals and it was just, it was a complete waste of time. Yeah. But there is a thing to it of like, can you sit in a classroom and not completely disrupt it?


Exactly. You do learn that and you learn the social skills and all that shit. Yeah. You learn deadlines and you learn atten basic things. That's true. Attendance. And, and There's consequences. Like if you fuck up, it's like, dude, this is happening now. So I, I get that. Yeah. That is all good. But Why, why? You're right. But why do you think they lack the, like, the spunk to like get out there and take stuff on? I think part of It is they're coming into a world of despair. You know, you've got, you just saw worldwide pandemic, you just saw, you know, the environ environmental stuff in the news. You see the partisanship in this country and the forecasting of the overthrow of demo. Like, it's a lot. These kids are fresh school shootings.


True, fair about that. And then on top of that, I'm leaving out number one, which is the fact that they've got a device in their hand. Yeah. That is dripping endorphins. Like little, like constant, you know, like a full, it's a fulfillment that's empty, but they're addicted to it. Yeah. And it's also, it gives you, socially, it gives kids a, like, genuine, like a, a quantitative number in terms of how popular. Before it was kind of like an abstract idea. Like, am I cool now? It's like, here's your numbers. No. Yeah. Right. You're not. And that's gotta be fucked up, man. Yeah. Especially if you're like a young girl and you're like, Oh god, girls It is so much harder. Do The data's on pho. You get like the, the spreadsheet on like photos and you're like, yeah, it's It is better than mine.


Yeah. Like, there's numbers to back it up. And it's like, You had to only imagine that when you were young. Exactly. And now they can see it. Yeah. Yeah. That's brutal. It's brutal. It's fucking terrible. Now when it does hit girl, I mean, I have a son and a daughter and I saw it hit my daughter way harder than my son. You know, It's gotta be heart wrenching. It is heart wrenching, and there's nothing you can do about it. You know? You can, because kids at a certain point, like you can tell them you love them all you want, they don't hear it. They wanna hear it from their friends and their peers. Yeah. Did you ever think about setting up like a fake Instagram and going under her pictures and be like, no, you're actually a piece of shit. Fuck you. Nobody likes you. I Would do it. I thought you were gonna say tell them that you love them. Oh, No, no, no, no. I'm saying like the, if they're in the comments, getting shitted on, just be like, you're actually a piece of shit.


I saw your profile. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're a fucking loser dude. Yeah, right. Yeah. You could do Well. No, that would be weird if you catfished your, your kids and be like, I love you. Yeah. That would be weird. Because you'd Have to, yeah. You'd have pick And have That's a good script. That's a good first act of a script right there. I love that. And then the daughter thinks that the father is like a perv and Yeah. I think you go dark with it. You could go very, yeah. Very good. Are you writing on that? On tires? No, I'm not writing on there. Dude, That show's so fucking good. Very good. I'm excited for season two. I mean, what do they spend? Eight bucks an episode? It's so simple. They're just in a garage. They filmed the first season, I think in like 14 days. Really? Yeah. They filmed it really fast. It just goes to show it's, it's like all in the family or something.


Like, you don't need, it's just a play. You don't need so much stuff. Yeah. It's a fucking Play. Yeah. They did it. I mean, they're, they're very, they're very good at that. I don't know how you do it. That's too many people, man. To organize that many people. Yeah. But they did it like they were, I, I was there on the set and it's like, it's just, it's like 75 fucking people. Yeah. Every second there. It's like eight people on laptops just sitting there doing God knows what. And it's like, it's a, that is for real. Like a, I was blown away. I knew it would be good. And I watched it. I'm like, dude, this is fantastic. Yeah. And it moves really quick. It's very fluid and easy to watch. But I'm excited. For season two, Was it the same crew that would make the videos that you guys Did and Keith? Yes. Yeah. It was all, it was. Yeah. It was Shane and John McKeever. So It was already like the moving, They had Steve Gerin and Chris O'Connor.


Right, right. It was already, they had the thing, that thing going And. they just shifted it to a pilot So That, yep. Well, I think that's gonna be the new business model. I mean, always Sunny actually started like that. Yeah. They did like a dress down version of it on the internet, and then it got picked up as a show. Yeah. Yeah. You just need, like, there is a, because with filming, even animation, you, you kind of, if you wanna really do it, you do need like a million dollars, I think. At least. What do you mean? An episode? No, for like, to do the whole thing. If you wanna do it super low budget, it's still a lot of money. So it's still tough, but it can be done. Dude, I've written on shows that were, I wrote on Crashing. It was like a million and a half dollars in episode. Really? Yeah. God damn. How do, I don't how, what do they, how do they even make the money back for that?


I mean, HBO spent, HBO wants their shows to look good. Yeah. Yeah. That's True. You know, they want him shot on film like we shot on film, which is way more expensive. Did You really? Yeah. Does that make a big difference? Well, it was Judd Apatow, And. he just always felt like there was like an emotion that you get with the softness of the color. The richness of the color. Yeah. And. he also kind of liked directing with film because it's not infinite. Like, it's like we can get three takes in before we gotta change reels on the cameras. That's Kind of nice. Yeah. Yeah. There was something. But, and then, you know, and so, I don't know. There's something about the rhythm of shooting on film that really works. And it does look different. It feels different.


Yeah. And you gotta physically edit it. Don't you have to like, cut it and No, I think they just Edit it. Upload it. An auto, a computer. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. They make it digital, they edit it and then they put it back on. I think that they trenches it back again. I I don That's what I was surprised. I'm like, damn. They're like chopping fucking filming at. That's crazy. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Did you act, do you act at all? Yeah. You've done, because you were in, weren't you in Louis show? Yeah. Okay. How do you like acting? Well, I went to acting school for two years at the Neighborhood Playhouse, which is where Brando and James Dean. Like, so After you're a gymnast, you, after I was a gymnast, I went into acting school like, Oh, my friends are gay. This is crazy. Yeah. How old were you when you went to acting School? I wearing a shirt with birds on it.


Your dicks out the, Eh, I finished college. I went to college in Boston. Okay. And then, and then I started doing standup there. Right. And then my dad died. So I moved back to New York and I went to acting school for two years. 'cause my family's all back in New York. Okay. And, and I did standup at night while I went to acting school. And then I was like, all right, I'm gonna go to LA and get some acting work. And like, it didn't really happen. Like I, I had a good agent and I went out for a lot of auditions. Shitty auditioner. Yeah. Like, I truly believe I'm a good actor. Like, anytime I get acting roles, You Know, I feel really comfortable and I get really good feedback. But I'm not good at going into the room. Yeah. I don't know what It is.


It's just I just, I feel like if you're doing standup, it almost sets your brain up to be able to not do that maybe in some way. 'cause if you can just sit in an empty room with the two people and be like, whoa, whoa, whoa. It's like the It is like a standup. You're reading so intensely. Yeah. Like you're, you know, I think it'd be hard to do. I Don't know what it was. I mean, some co some comics can do it, but a lot of comics can't because I think it, we're so in control when we do our own words and we have to do somebody else's words, it's, they're always adjusting you. And a lot of times we can't take the adjustments. Yeah, that makes sense. So it's just awkward too to sit there and like, read a thing and be like, I don't know. I, when every time I've tried acting things, I get like, I, it's like excruciating. Yeah. Because you don't get feedback. I mean, you, you will, if you do really well, people will laugh and clap.


Yeah. Because I didn't, I was like, there's no feedback. Then you're like, oh, actually there is. Yeah. I'm not getting it. But it's like, it's one of those things where it's like, they're like, all right, cool. And you're like, that's it. Yeah. Could we do it again? No, we gotta move on. And you're like, yeah. Yeah. It's very hard. I remember once I, I had an audition and I was really psyched about it. It was a role that I was, all right, this is me. This guy's dry, he's sarcastic. And, and so I go in and, and I do the audition. And I, it was almost like I wanted so much that I fucked up. Yeah. I get in the car and I'm driving and I'm punching the steering wheel. I'm like, 'cause I also, I live in Venice. I'm driving out to fucking Burbank at rush hour. Yeah. Fuck. And I'm like, fuck. And I hired a, I used to hire an acting coach before auditions big ones.


I've thought about doing that myself. Yeah. Yeah. And so, so I'm, I'm punching the wheel and I go, now fuck this. And I turn the car around, I drive back and, and I wait for the casting director and the door opens and I walk into the room and they're sitting there and I go, Hey, listen, I know this is crazy, but I really, I know I can do this a lot better. And. they were like, we're good. Oh No. And then I drove hum feeling twice. I thought you were twice The ultimate Hollywood vengeance story. That's And. they were like, yeah, get the fuck outta here. It was that bad. This Is my moment And. they were like, yeah, actually no Fun. It wasn't even the ballpark. Oh, They wouldn't even respect the fucking comeback. And being like, guys, I know this is my, I am this character.


But Then when I get roles, like, you know, I was on Lucky Louie a few times. I was on Crashing a few times. I did Santa Clarita Diet. I just did a movie with Doug Stanhope last year called The Road Dog that he's amazing in. Yeah. He can act. Yeah. He, he won a like, couple awards at some film, film festivals. Did he really? Yeah. That's kind of sick. Yeah. Yeah. I know. So, but that, I think that role was really written for him. I think the key is if you can write a role for an actor the right way, then they can, they can really shine. Yeah. If it's not too much of a stretch. Yeah, that makes sense. Right. Yeah. I tried student films. I like tried to get into acting like years ago. I was like, I, it might be, I might be good at it. I don't know. Yeah. I did student films, And, they were like the worst fucking scripts. So, you know, I'm not like shitting on 'em.


They just were like, I was playing like this criminal guy and like, I'm like arguing with like my prostitute kind of girlfriend lady and being like, Yo. I remember the one line was like, give my space. I was like, I was like, dude, he would never say that. I'm like a drug dealing, gun toting mi like maniac being like, yeah, I look to set my boundaries right now then. Yeah. But then you're like, Hey. And they're like, don't adjust the script. And I'm like, bro, this is gonna stink. Yeah. And you do it. You're like, just please delete this ever. Gimme my space. I'm gonna let you on fire. Gimme my space, babe. Yeah. That is tough, man. Yeah. So, you know, I'll let you at it. What time, what's your, what's your timeframe? I got a flight. What time? My flight is at six flights Today.


Yeah, at six. It's, I'm going to Denver tonight. Oh, nice. Doing the Denver Comedy Works this weekend. When does this come out? A Place is the fucking best Tomorrow. Put it out Tomorrow. Oh, good. Denver comedy. Can I plug some dates? Plug 'em please. Dude, I got Denver Comedy Works and then I'm going to Tacoma and Tulsa Chicago. San Francisco. A bunch of other dates. FitzDAWG dot com is the, is the website. And then I've got a podcast called FitzDAWG Radio. That's awesome. Sunday Papers is the other one. That's Such a good fucking name. Dude, I saw that. I was like, Fuck, which one? FitzDAWG Radio. Oh yeah. So good dude. Dude, 14 years I've been doing that. Did you really? Yeah, 14 years. God damn. It's in your blood.


Jesus. I asked Shane to do it one time. We were at the Hollywood Improv and I was like, Hey man. And like, we didn't know each other that well, but like, you know, we kind of knew of each other. And I was like, Hey, you're in town. I go, I was like, Hey, you wanna, you wanna do my podcast? And He was like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. But his voice went up a couple octaves. So like, the next day I text him, I was like, Hey, you don't have to do it And. he is like, oh good. He goes, no, I don't wanna do it. It's such a big ask, you know? Yeah. I, I like podcasting. Some people don't like it. Some people are like, they genuinely dislike podcasting. Yeah. I enjoy it. I kind of, I love it. That's why for me it's like, I like standup, but like, not having to go anywhere. It's like so sweet.


Like, even like, I'm flying to Denver tonight because my show isn't until tomorrow night. But I have, they have morning radio lined up for me. Some comics complain about doing morning radio. I fucking love it. I like going in and talking to the local DJs. Well, what happened too was Louis had that bit in the show where the guys were like, yeah. Like, I think it got every single comment. It was like, yeah, I fucking hate Morning Radio too. 'cause I did the same thing then I did it. I'm like, that's really fun. Well, the Good Clubs know not to send you into those shows. Yeah, yeah. You know, they, they, that's old school where they would come in and, you know, it'd be the commercial break and they'd be like, all right, give us three topics he can bring up. Like, I'm gonna do my act at 7:00 AM Know on am radio. No, I, I've only, I haven't had much experience with it. I did it last time. I was, I don't know where I was, but I did more.


I was in Orlando. Yeah. So I had a blast. I went around all day to like two different places and I had for, I had like a good time. Well Dude, you know, my favorite morning radio guys are Preston and Steve and Philly. Really? Those guys are amazing. I got beef with Preston, dude. No. Yeah. I mean, it's not a real thing. It was just, he was, he was dating our girls volleyball coach when we were in grade school. So we were all at, I was at his house basically, like with the girls volleyball team, my friends And He was like, you guys gotta roll. And I was like, fuck this guy. I still hold that down. And we stole all this candy from his house. We took like, how old Were you? I was in like eighth grade, seventh grade. Dude, that's an Irish grudge right there. Now I know you're Irish. No, I don't, I don't, I don't generally have hard feelings. Yeah. Yeah. But for years I'd always be like, fuck, that guy kicked me out of his house.


Yeah. Bullshit. But no, he's apparently fine guy. Those guys, one time they brought me in and I had mentioned one time they were like, we were talking about foot fetishes. And I was like, I like feet. Like I'm not a foot fetish guy, but like, I like a nice pair of feet. Sure. You know, girl and some flip flops and she's got some nice, like the rounded toes. Not like, there's not like that that, that second one sticking out longer. That's I got. Yeah. That's the Celtic feet, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. The pinky with like the no nail, it's got like a slit. It is like, she's trying to paint it. It's like, come on. And so I met, so we're talking about that. And so the next time I came in they said, we know you like feet, so we brought in this, this Filipino masseuse.


She's gonna walk on your back barefoot. And I'm like, and so I'm so, so I, I turn around and she walks in. She's about, she's about a buck 80 and she takes her shoes off and she's walking on my back and I'm like, I'm like, God damnit. And then they're laughing their asses off And. they go, dude, she's not a masseuse. She works downstairs at the coffee shop. Damn. I didn't know they were going that wild on that show. That's hilarious. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. They used to do stunts like, god Dammit. Actually, how did it feel all right though? No, it was awful. It hurt really bad, You said. Yeah. Yeah. I feet were awful. And then John debell, I always love in Philly too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a good dude. Remember John debell? And then there was Pierre Robert was the Big Rock guy.


Yeah, right, right. Yeah. My father was in Radio And. he started in, well first Youngstown, Ohio, and then he was in Philly. Damn Bone Thugs is from Youngstown, Ohio. That's crazy. Oh yeah. Bone thugs in Army. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder if he knew. So he was radio, he was in radio in Philly. Yeah. Nice. I mean I was, I was little. I don't remember. Yeah. I was only like seven. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Well, hell yeah. Dude. Thank you for coming and doing this, man. Dude, my, when you miss my pleasure. Miss a flight. I can, well, yeah, I can drive you too if you need a ride. No, no, I'm good. They got a limo coming to the hotel. I did. Rogue And. they treat you So that so Fucking, that's nice, man. That's Awesome. Everything is like limos and that's sweet. Staying at like the best hotel in town. That's Awesome. Yeah, it's nice. Yeah. His club does rule man. The, that is a lot of fun.


The mothership. Yeah. Yeah. Being able to go there. Yeah. Any night and it's sold out. You're like, well, nice. I know. I'm headlining there in two. Oh, I forgot to mention that. I'm headlining there in two weeks and it's sold out and I haven't, I haven't, it's the best tweeted about, I haven't done anything. I, but yeah, sold it out again. God damn dude. I must be fucking pheno. I know. Yeah. And the crowds are jacked. They're so into it. Yeah. Yeah. And, and the comics were always a good hang. The green room is is pretty legendary. Yeah, it's pretty sick. Yeah. Dude, thanks again for doing this. All right. My pleasure. You motherfucking man. All right, thanks buddy. Special Rules. Appreciate it. That's really nice to hear. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it.