
Thank You for doing the podcast. Thanks for having me, You for doing my professional broadcast. I love it. I'm counting this as exercise that I'm standing the whole time. You'll feel it tomorrow. I like, I swear to God, I wake up the next morning, I'm like, dude, did I like work all day? I'm like, technically I worked, but I'm like, I never feel like physically exerted. Like I exerted myself. And I'm like, I feel like I'm putting in an honest day. When I say You are the podium, You are even just shifting weight from foot to foot. I feel like this is picking up me breathing. Like I know. It's, it's a whole fucking thing. I had a, it took me forever to figure it out. Pees. I, I'm like moving it away. Yeah. Can you still hear me if I move it away, but, okay. Adrienne. Iapalucci. Yes. Matt. McCusker. Is it Adrian Or Adrian? What do you prefer? I guess Adrian. But I, So, I. Nailed it. I'm open to it. Yeah. Adrian Aplu.


I have a serious fear of mispronouncing people's names. So I just usually don't say 'em ever. That's smart. Well, people pick up on it. What do you call someone like, dude for the fifth time? They're kind of like All, right? I just, I prefer though. Me too. I don't, I don't think we need names. I like, I meet everyone. I'm terrified I'm gonna mess their name up, so I'm like, Hey, what's up man? They're like, hi Matt. And I'm like, All. right dude, don't show off, man. Yeah, just be like, Hey, what the fuck? Hey, what's Up? Hey, what's up man? How you doing? Yeah. Also, if someone doesn't know my name, it's like, not offensive. Some People get offended, you know? Comedians get offended about that. Comedians get offended by everything, but it's like, I don't, if you don't know my name, it's like, I have no idea who You are either. Like, this exactly is fine. It's perfect. Yeah. Perfect. It is nice. I will say, we were talking about this briefly, but it, the, the idea of like, luckily we met last night. I was happy we got to hang. Yes, Me too. That 'cause it's like, dude meeting for the first time On a podcast is weird.


And then filming it, that's the worst part. Then you're filming the encounter. It's like love on the spectrum where you have to just like film like a terrible encounter and just be like, so what is your take? And it's just, it's been a nightmare, man. I miss, I miss, I miss my co Oh, I bet he's gonna, he's gonna come back. He's probably very excited, you know, to be right Here. It's, yeah. I mean, again, it's like, I, I to, I've gotten to the point now where I'm like, I could just go get, like, I, I don't want to get a regular job, but I feel like I, if it happened, I'd be like, yeah, I, I had a good run. But, so every day's a blessing. But why Would you need a regular job? You have like a huge following. That's crazy. I know, but I, I've I'm closer to a day job than you. Yeah. Perhaps. But it's like, this is the way I think it's like, I'm, you know. What would You do?


Would you go back to what you were doing before you would like try something new? I think I would try something new. Like what therapist? I think you need like schooling. I have my social work. Masters's. I got my Masters's in social work. Okay. Yeah. Excuse me. Excuse me. But no, I don't, I listen. I don't know anything about you. Do. You Know. What I mean? I know Matt Mc. That's About it. I know, I know. And that's good, man. I think that is a good thing. I, I, I, I don't know. So you have, you, you just got the Netflix special. Congratulations. Thank You. That's fucking awesome. Thank You. How do you feel? Do you feel like I feel good about it. Nice. I honestly thought people would be more upset. Why? I don't know. I guess. 'cause it's some top touchy topics.


I have gotten some like nasty dms, which is fun. Did you really? Yeah. One lady I guess got upset by the Gaza stuff and she told me I was a disappointment to Hitler. Like, I'm worse than Hitler. And he would be disappointed by my jokes. Wait, you're saying she's saying that you would have offended Hitler? She's saying that my joke, first of all, she didn't even understand the joke. She's saying it's like egregious towards Jews. And I'm like, you don't even understand the joke. But also then she's like, You are so bad that you would disappoint Hitler. Like Hitler would think I was over the line. That's a bold claim. I was like, what a, what a huge feat to disappoint Hitler. Yeah. True. Or, or just being, him being like, this lady's a menace.


This lady's an absolute menace. Who needs to be stopped? She needs to be stopped. Let's get me back there. History will remember her for all time. For the atrocity she committed. Yeah. And then like some other lady told me I was, she was like, you're gonna get fucking canceled, bitch. I'm like, by who? Yeah. Yeah. True. Well, it's, it's So. I. Yeah. Then I guess like, tell me your situation. So are, is this like your first foray into kind of like the public consciousness or like what you've been, how long have you know ve been Company? 20 years. Okay. Yeah. So you've, I put an album out and then I did the degenerates like four years ago. Okay. On Netflix. So you're, which is like just a short set. So you're no, you're no stranger to, is this like, is this like more of a swell of like, people like hitting you up now?


Or like, have you been dealing with people like that? I mean, I've always gotten people, like even at a show being upset or like after telling me stuff. Yeah. you know, it is weird how everyone feels like they need to tell you what they think. Yeah. You know, like, that's a weird part. I guess of social media that you didn't realize was, oh, I didn't realize that was gonna happen when we first got on. That everyone has an opinion and they think it matters. Oh yeah. Big time. Especially when you're just like, did you get upset when you read like, nasty messages or is it just kind of like hit you? Like, I think maybe years ago when I first started and I didn't understand it, but like, I don't care now. They actually, I enjoy them. You think it's kind of funny? Yeah. I think it's kind of funny. Do you also, you give me so much power that you're so mad Yeah. And worked up that you have to tell me how you feel.


Yeah. Like what a compliment. You leave my show. Like, you came to the show, you made plans to have someone watch your dumb kids and then you're so mad that you're gonna go back home. Probably hit your kids too. I mean you ever think about that? They're like, that lady fucking doesn't know shit about Gaza. And you're like, you just take it all outta your Sleep. And I truly know sleeping children. I don't know anything about Gaza. A lot of the stuff I make up for Sure. Everyone makes up everything. Even like serious people make up stuff about Gaza. Nobody knows. We Don't really know. I don't know anything about strip Ukraine either, but like, none of it, I know very little about it. Yeah. And I'm talking about all of it As You should, as You should, I'm not qualified to really talk about anything. Dude, I, I tried to read a book once to be like, I'm gonna get to the bottom of like, the whole Israel Palestine situation.


I just got bored. I was like, I'm not doing this. Why should I do this? Did you even understand it? Like, if I'm bored? Not really. If I'm bored, I like tune out so quickly. That's, it's like very hard to keep my attention. And I'm just like out, I, the first chapter was like how Israel got founded and I made it through a little bit of that. And then I was like, this is too many fucking dates. I don't, I'm done. Don't throw dates at me. Yeah. So many numbers. It was, it was like, apparently they, they said that the, what was they, they said part of what made Israel like, you know, a nation states part of like the thing driving America or whatever to help them out was that there were a group of Christians who believed that if ge when Jesus come back, when Jesus came back, he wanted the, the holy lands to be the way He wa he left them. So like, they were like, we need some Jews there or else Jesus is gonna come back and be like, what the fuck I mean?


That's Neighborhood's going to shit. That's so, that's so funny. I know Where he is. Like, could you deport me somewhere else? Bullshit. He go to another. Don't you think if g if he was gonna come back, he would've come back already? Like, it's just like, it's not gonna happen. I Don't know. He might, he could be waiting for the ni He might be checking Zillow being like, shit, tents are going for fucking nothing right now. I don't think that's, I thought my tent would be worth fucking $10 million by now. I believe in it more. If he went back to like, Flint, Flint, Michigan. He's like, I'm gonna turn this place into a, like, that Would be so sick if Jesus did. Jesus did come back and we're like, dude, we're fucking kidding. He just flint up. Yeah. We're just kidding. Jesus. You fucking rule Thank You so much for coming back. Yeah. I I think that is, I don't, I don't think he's a, i, you know, again, it's like, I don't even wanna say it.


'cause if he comes back, he's gonna be like you. Hell So fine. I don't care. Say, It doesn't matter what you think privately, all you have to do is say like, yeah, he's definitely coming back. But you also, if you're like a Christian, you could just be like, I'm sorry, right before you die and everything's forgiven. Yeah, you can, you could do that. But again, then it's like, then you go into the afterlife and you're gonna spend eternity just being like, sweet. I did it. I tricked him. You just like go around drinking like free Starbucks or whatever, but then you Go, you could just go around to I room and be like, I still don't believe. True. I actually think it's fake. Yeah. Hell's did you go to like Catholic school or Like, I went to Catholic school my whole life. Did you Same here. Yeah. Did you believe in hell when you were little I? guess, you know, they drill it into your head pretty bad and then at some point you're like, church is boring.


I don't believe any of this. Yeah. So I. Don't know. I don't believe any of it. I think it's all fake. Yeah. I I think a lot of it is definitely fake I mean obviously. Say that to the picture behind you. I was trying to get the most like, just drawing artwork I could possibly find Who's, is that supposed to be Jesus? I don't know. I don't know if that's like the underworld boss. That might be, that might be Satan himself. Oh, Okay. And then up up here is heaven. No. Is this, that's earth, is that, oh, and that's heaven. It's chorus of angels. Yeah. Well this is, let me tell you, this is what, how this whole idea came to fruition. This, this whole like, just stupid set. I just was like spinning out, just trying to figure out like I just wanna do like a different look while Shane's gone. This will be fun. Sure. And I, I like took, I had off, I used to do like mushroom microdosing a lot, and then I stopped for a while and then like I just got back at it.


And then the first day I was back on like the little mushroom microdose I just came up with this idea. And then I like ended up carrying it out. And now I'm kind of like, this is a bad fucking, this is a terrible fucking Thing. What do you think is bad about it? The pictures. I like the pictures. The Pictures are cool. Yeah. I I just think it's just too weird. Like, I don't know if it translates if people are like, this guy's a fucking loser. I think people just like you. It doesn't matter what you do. Think so like fans when they like you will really just follow whatever you do. Yeah. It is a crazy cult-like thing. Yeah. True. Where you're like, Hey, I'm actually gonna go off the rails. You guys should not follow me. I'm gonna do something fucked up. Please don't Follow me. I can't wait for the moment. I get to like betray their trust and just fall like so bad. Like, just have like, just meth and Young boys. You're still gonna have a lot of people that are gonna follow you.


Not if I smash the meth and young boys button, that's the one you still Will. No way. There'll still be five to 10 people who are like, let's hear 'em out. I don't, I got, I'm not gonna make any choice. I don't make any decisions until I hear what Matt has to say. That would be cool if I had five. Just five fans. Five fans. Diehards, They'd come. But like, they'll come to everything you do and eventually you'll hate them. True. I'd be living with them. I mean you'll be real. Like, guys, let's get an apartment. Dude, we're supposed to be real fans. Let Let's Yeah. It it, it does set up. It's a, I I do have like a, I have misgivings with the whole thing of like, you know, like the point of show business is to achieve fame. Sure. You need some level of success.


You have to sell your bills. Yeah. Tickets. Exactly. But it's, it's weird. It's bad. And I think it's, well, I think it's bad for, I think it's, it's not, you know, it's not inherently bad, but I think it is, it can be bad for you. And it's like, I I just wish more people looked at it like just, it's just a business. It's like, dude, if you're making more than a regular job, you did it, Dude. Right. You're successful. Yeah. And You should just be happy with that. Never, Never The case. No. You always just want more. Yeah. There's like nothing where you're like, oh, this is nice. I think you're excited for something for like a couple of days. Yeah. Max. And then you're like, I mean, I'll still say like, I'm gonna quit comedy. Like, I still 20 years in even I Can't wait. I, I fucking Wait. I know keep, I keep, I'll still be like, I'm gonna quit. I know. I tell people that all the Time.


I threatened my wife with it. I'll be like, I'm fucking quitting. Quitting. Well, you have a family. Yeah. And I, I'll threaten I leverage it every day. I could Quit. What would you do? I don't know. I guess I could, I did also somewhat social work. I didn't get my master's. I was a crimes victims' advocate for a while. Whoa. Yeah. But, you get paid nothing. Yeah. They don't pay very much at all. Yeah. And then somebody I was like advocating for stole my wallet and then I became a victim of crime. What? And you're like, I don't even wanna help people. Yeah. Let be sick. If that was a comedian origin story back then I came a comedian. I think I did my first open mic when I was there. And then that guy stole my wallet and I quit. You are Like, fuck this. It is kind of miserable work, man. There was So I knew someone who worked with homeless people when I was like, how's that work? And they're like, I just like, meet them.


Do I meet them on like street corners and just, I was like, how do you like, I was like genuinely curious. Like how do you set appointments with them? She's like, you just, you know, you meet them And, but then what do you do for them? I Think you just kind of like, try to hype them up. You're like, bro, you got this for Living on the Street. You got this dude, I think you hype them up. Summer's coming. Just stick with it. I think you hype them. I think you hype them up on like, one day you can rent a room run by like an absolutely just disgusting slumlord. Right. With no electricity. Dude, I would look, I used to find housing for inmates and like, some of those rooms are like, the rooming houses are like worse Than probably a prison dude. Terrible. Like, it was for real. I, I went into one specifically and I called the landlord.


I'm like, dude, you're a piece of shit. And he was like, they're, they're fucking ruin everything. Anyway, boa it was, they're Both right. You're both right. It is a piece of shit. And they're also probably gonna ruin everything. That is true. That is true. But I was like, dude, just fucking paint the place, man. This is terrible. What did it look like? Did it have, first of all, I can't deal with like bugs if it has roaches and shit. I'm out. I've seen place. This place did not have any bugs to his credit. I didn't see the bugs. There were broke there. Well, there was a missing window. One of the windows just, there was just a, it wasn't a window, it was a hole in the wall. Oh. That was fucking Jarry ventilation. True fresh air. Benjamin Franklin breathed In fresh air. That's to sell it. Benjamin Franklin breath in fresh air every day is when he died from an abscess in the lung. So Oh, bad. Wow. At the end, you know, it loves you, kills you.


But the, yeah, I walked into like this like entranceway and it was a tile floor that had been chipped up, but just never, just never finished. It was just the floor had been chipped up. Okay. And there were extension cords just everywhere because I, I don't know what was going on with the electricity, but the most like, jarring. And it was just like the one bathroom had like the, they like just jammed. The toilet was just filled with like wood scraps. But then there was another bathroom, thank God. But like the, the most jarring thing I saw was like a old, it was like an 80 something year old man just laying in a sleeping bag on the floor in his like room. Just kind of just like, oh, that's sad. Kind of like, not whimpering, but just, he wasn't resting. He was like moving around a lot. And I just like looked in his room. It was like Jesus fucking Christ.


And I was with a guy to like show him the place and Oh no. I was there to like see the guy. I was like, you need to see this shit. This is fucked up. And I was like, this is certainly fucked up. I was like, how much money do you make a month? He's like, $400 a month from social security. I'm like, You are gonna keep living here, dude. This Is it. Or go back on the street. There's a lady that's gonna hype you up. Yeah. You're gonna Leave, you're gonna love This is so much better than that place, Dude. You're free now, man. Yeah. You Could do whatever you want. I mean $400 a month is not a lot of money. Yeah. It's, it's, yeah. It's not at all. I think the, the rooms went up to like six, they started becoming like $600 a month. So. that was like a big deal. And the, those rooms were like 600 at, sorry, my shit's all fucked up. Definitely doing lapel mics. I'm such a fucking idiot. My stupid ideas.


I believe in it. Thank You. You're the only one who does believe in it. Man. That was Was, I don't mind it. It's not bad now. Once You're using, once you, once you get dialed in. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I, I, I appreciate That. Holding the mic. I actually like to go on stage like this. I I would fucking love it, man. That, that a lot of like TikTok, comedians rock, the fucking Titus did it. But he's not a TikTok comedian. Tus had the fucking thing. I would love to be TikTok famous and not even have to do standup. So sick and sick. Just be in, oh my God. Like in my house behind a green screen and just doing whatever dumb shit I do. Yeah. Just do rants. That's so much better. Just build Another thing. Yeah. Just be like another thing. Yeah. That's a Then you could, those guys tour and they sell out everything. What Do they do when they ah, Oh my bad. I forgot to tell you. I forgot to tell you.


You gotta clip this to yourself. Fuck. I'm so sorry dude, against This. It is pulled your hair. I was like, oh, this is great. Until it's not I. guess this has to be clipped somewhere. That's my bad. I'll fully, I'll fully accept responsibility for that. Listen, it's my fault. Please clip that. Don't forget To clip it. I'm, I'm gonna Clip it. I'm gonna get Ls. I, this is, this is bullshit Dude. It's not that bad. I don't know what I did It. You, it just, I should have told you to clip that thing on it. Just clip it on. You can put it on this thing. Depends how much range of movement you want. I don't know. I'll just leave it right here. All right now. I know about it. I'll be, now you know where it is. I think fucking rips. So when it falls, it's falling on me. Brutal. It rips it's heavy.


Wow. Thing's like six pounds. Everything's going to shit so quickly. Well dude, I was pumped. I will say when I reached out and I was like, by the way, we're gonna stand at podiums. I, people really were like, what the fuck? Like, people get pissed when I tell 'em. And you were like so gracious. What? Who Cares? I've done podcasts in my car. That's When you said that. I said All. right. We got a real, don't we got a real one on the line, dude, thank God. I don't care. That's awesome. Why do, what don't they like the standing up part? I, I think, I don't know. I I, I think there's a standing up aspect. There's the potential of looking somewhat foolish that I think people, some people don't like to do I mean I look foolish every night when I do stand up. How much worse could it be? I think you have to move here. Oh, I have to move it back. Yeah. Sorry. Adjust your technology.


Sorry, I, I need a, a person. So, so you've been doing standup for 20 years. Isn't that fucked up? You have to do it for so long for it to like, maybe, maybe fucking start to work out. I mean it's only started to kind of work out. 'cause the other comics have helped me. Like it's really taken a village. Yeah. Well that's, that's kind of, look bro, you're preaching to the fucking Choir. No, I know, but I'm still nowhere. Like I have like 36,000 followers. I think it's still really very sad. You got that Netflix? You got the Netflix special. Yeah. I think I've gotten like 4,000 followers from it. There You go. A Rogan. You got the Rogan bump. Yeah. but you know what's funny on the Rogan thing, I was looking at the comments. I mean everyone was like, Ugh. It was just men for three weeks. What a great run. Everyone was bummed that I was there.


Yeah, that's, that can happen. You are, you're the third female comic. The third female guest we ever had. Wow. First one was a So All of your fans are gonna also hate me. No, I think they'll love you. I think I mean is time. Look, I Mean. It's fine. I just don't wanna know the comments. It's like, Yeah, don't read the comments. But I will say another fucking Woman. No, I think they'll be chill. Dude. The Fucking who are your other com Who else have you had on? That's a woman. So we were in Philadelphia during like 2016. The Philadelphia comedy scene got di divided and everyone's fighting and Fighting about what it was Fucking like Trump, all that bullshit. Oh, okay. And you know, the, the, the, you know, whatever, all the stuff associated with like the social justice warrior movement. And I remember at a time, I think this was my idea.


I'm almost positive it was. And I was like, Shane, let's get this one comedian. We know. She's like a super feminist, we'll fucking argue. And we'll own her with logic. And we, like I just became, I love this already. I I know So, that was our first female guest and I just kind of like clammed up. And I was like, I don't wanna be mean this lady. So we just had like a terrible podcast where we like half argued nice. And it was just bad. The whole thing was bad. First female guest. People were furious. People find it's like an old old episode that like, we like, we like burned our back catalog. 'cause it it was just too bad. It was terrible. It was like really problematic. But the, and like That's what I wanna see the most now It's still floating around. And people will find that old episode and be like, this fucking sucks. Oh yeah. I don't, I don't wanna hear it.


I'll never come back. But they, I don't want people to be upset. No, people are Not gonna, I'd rather bullshit. No, No, no. I'd rather they're just not upset that you guys have a woman on. That's bullshit. I think it's bull. I think that's bullshit. I think that's bullshit. Our second guest was a oh boy woman who made money by pretending she was a dog for like a sexual thing. Puppy girl. Jenna I mean I'm in good company. The hall. I, I gotta be honest, I gotta be honest. I'm, I'm in good company. I was so excited to tell you that. It was a How Did that, how did that do It? It was interesting. She like walked into our house. It was my brother's house we were recording at. And as she stepped up, she had like a, not a handler as her boyfriend was there, but he was still like, That is her handler.


He technically was, she had a leash and everything. She didn't come in as a dog. She walked in and like, somehow her boobs just fell out of her shirt. Of course they just fell out of her, her hair. They came outta like the top. She, it was a very, obviously she was scantily clad. Yeah. And it just, they just spilled out upon entering. We were like, what the fuck? And then yeah, I just asked her about Did she stay on the floor the whole time? No, she sat up. She was a good, she was a good girl. Like no, she, she sat in the chair and talked normal. Okay. But she had her stuff with her and was explaining how she had like an Oly fans where they did like puppy play and that was like, she made fucking millions of dollars. Dude, I I mean just like licking water out of a bowl. That's not that bad. I could do that. Yeah.


What else do you have to do? Her boyfriend was kind of a little weird. I don't know. He was obviously having like dog sex with her I guess. But so you have to have dog sex with like a fucking weird guy with a shaved head. I don't know. I feel Like she probably made enough money to leave him Now she chills. Yeah. Now she like, she made enough where she just kind of like, just, you know, it's like when you start a subscription based thing, you can just, after a while you Can just stop. Yeah. People are like, I'm not gonna go my credit card and change this. So. Right. And how many times can you just like, walk around a room? Like whatever dogs do. Exactly. I dunno. Yeah. Just yeah. Do a little circle on your bed and go to, you know, lay down. But I, I think she just kind of, from what I've heard, she just kind of chills now and like doesn't even, I don't know if she got into like, hardcore content.


So that's, that's kind of, I didn't look, I didn't want to cross. I Wonder what the jump is from like, being a dog to hardcore sex for Money. I think it's pretty quick. I think it's like pretty quick. Right. Especially you start seeing like, you know, do You stop at some point acting like a dog and you're like, I'm back. I'm just me. True. I'm just me. It's like the liver. Are you familiar with the liver King? No. Liver King is a, he was an influencer who just ate organ meat and he's like very primal. Okay. And he's got yoked. He was huge. And then it all came, he was lying about being on steroids. He was just on steroids and he was eating liver to be fair. He was. And he has liver king and there's a liver queen is his wife. Okay. Then he has the liver boys. They're so None of them eat like cupcakes or anything.


No. And they don't even like, they egg all, they don't have like technology in the house. It's like supposed to be like this weird kind of like tra life porn where you could watch this guy just like chopping firewood. Just, He'd just be a fucking can. Can you just be a mailman? Like what are we doing here? Why are we living like this? Like it's crazy. Why are we doing this? That's Nuts. He wishes he was a mailman because the fame to him apart, he became the liver king. And then he admitted to being on steroids, eventually does Liver King 2.0. And now I think he's Liver King 3.0. And he's just apparently just falling apart before everyone. Like, he's like losing his mind on a YouTube channel. I know at some point we're like, Hey, we're gonna stop filming this. I know. He'll never stop. It's him.


He's filming himself so no one's gonna stop filming. I know. But he should stop filming like once your family's life is ruined or whatever the fuck is happening. Yeah. When you're crying every day you gotta be like, I'm, I think we're done here. I think the show's over. I'm fully depressed. What are the liver boys gonna do? I don't know. Go get a fucking job. I don't understand. Why do people join? Why do people care if they're just eating liver? I dunno. Why is that a thing? Because he got so jacked. He was just doing steroids. Once that comes out, it's like the show's a sham. That's what happened. But now, but now liver ca is a Trinity Liver. I gotta watch this guy now. You do. It's pretty funny. And it's like, you gotta start early. And that is kind of fun though. There was something like in a voyeuristic sense to watch somebody slowly lose them.


I did that with another channel. There's a channel called Psych Substance. And the guy was like, he would just like do massive amounts of mushrooms or LSD and like film himself doing it. Or like, he would film the setup and then like talk about this is what happened. But then he set up this business model where like, in order to get money, he had to like smoke DMT while on acid and like just not a, you know, it's not sustainable, I'm sure. And he fucking started kind of losing his mind. Like he like went nuts. He got addicted to creto. His wife left him. It was like, what Is Kratom? Exactly. I know. It's like a dust I just explained this. The, oh sorry. Was this No, no. Is this redundant? I don't, Not at all. No. I'm excited 'cause it's like bam, the topic I all, but Is it like suboxone where like you take it to get off something else? So dude, it's like, it's a, just a plant but that it has opioid properties.


Okay. So yes, you can use it as like a transfer to like help ease withdrawal symptoms. Okay. And then some people take it as like in small doses it's energy. Oh. It can give you like an energy boost, but it will create a physical addiction like an opiate will eventually. So You will become addicted to it. Yeah. So my biological father was addicted to I. guess is it meth? What do you take to get off heroin? Not meth. Well, you can't, you, some people I've heard of people taking me, but, But what is the thing that they give you? Like Methadone, right? There you Go. I think. But I don't think he ever did heroin. I think he was just addicted to methadone. That Happens. People, if you're, you know, if you, people who go to the methadone clinic keep their methadone a lot of times is, if it's a liquid, they'll put it in their mouth and spit it back out and then sell the methadone liquid.


'cause you'll get high as fuck. If you and I were to party down on some methadone, we would get rocked. And then you spit it out and sell it. Yeah. That's crazy. Your body doesn't like take any of it in. Well, you're a heroin addict. Doesn't matter if you're taking a little methadone in your system, it's, you know, You are just gonna get more done that day. I guess Wait. You put it in your nose and then spit it out. Mouth. They used to give it. Now they, they give some people little pills too. I know people would have methadone pills and you get sent home, you could sell those, but for a while there was a liquid they'd watch you put it in your mouth. You have to just like walk out and just spit it back in a little vial. Now you can sell some methadone crafty People. They are very crafty. Very crafty. Yeah. They also figured out not to, I'm sorry to hear he got addicted to methadone. That is like, seems like I Mean he wasn't in my life. I wish he was actually on heroin and died.


True, true. Fair enough. Is he, is he dead? He's not dead. It's very, it's a weird, weird, he's up to, he's got like five kids. He lives upstate somewhere in New York. I met him and then he was like, you look just like your mom. And I was like, okay. He's like, yeah, your mom's beautiful. I was like, this is weird. Yeah. Why are you trying to raise me up, dude? Yeah, It's weird. It is weird. But I remember like this, can you, I'm sorry to cut you off. Can you move this back a little bit? Oh sure. You're okay. It's just Back this way Away from here. A little bit Like that. Perfect. There You go. I'm just not gonna move. I think I just, No, you're good. It's, it's, this is my problem. It's not, I you're not doing anything Wrong. It was okay. And then I moved this thing. No, it was, I literally told you to move it closer now I'm like, fuck it, then you gotta move back.


But go on. It's not a big deal. So he had beautiful, so anyway, I met him one time. He was, it was nice. He was actually pretty emotionally open. I was like, oh, I wonder what my life would've been like if I was raised by him and not my dad. And then he left and I guess I was like, I wanted to meet the kids or just like see him. I didn't want him to be my dad 'cause he didn't raise me. Yeah. And then his wife wrote me like an eight page letter to stay away from her family. Whoa. Yeah. It was very creepy. She Was, he's probably talking about how beautiful You are. He is like, you gotta see, I don't know. It's just, it was just, well he, so he married her. She had two kids from a previous marriage and that girl who's like 50 now is jealous of me my whole life. 'cause I'm biologically his daughter. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you're 50.


Yeah. Let it go. Yeah. So his wife was like, leave my Joey alone. It was very like Amy Jo Buttafuoco so weird. She wrote me this letter. She was like, you know, you're an attractive woman. Why don't you get a boyfriend? It's like, I don't wanna fuck your husband. I'm Not gonna, yeah. What the fuck? But I bet I could. You think you could take him down? I think I could wear him down. I'll fucking show you. Don't make me, if I put my head and done anything, I could do it. So don't make me do it. I'll, I'll ruin you fucking family. Then As your stepmom, she would ground you for fucking your dead. I've never even met her. Really? I never met. So she just sent you a fucking She just sent me a, like a seven page, seven or eight page letter. Handwritten. So You only know her through like, just, I only know her through that. And pictures on like social media.


Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's fucked, man. And the second time I met him, he was like so nervous. He was like, like he was cheating on his wife. He's like, I hope she hasn't changed the locks. Nobody knows I'm here. I'm like, dude, I don't need to like, hang out with you. What A freaky family. It's So weird. Yeah. That's crazy. It's very crazy. So I haven't talked to him since. No contact after that? No, after the, so you respected the letter or you're just like, I don't want anything to Do with that. I I mean, I think I said something to him that was probably like not that nice, but I was like, I don't, I don't need to be in these people's lives. you know what I mean for Yeah. Especially if it's like, that's the dynamic. It's like, eh, I'm good on This. You're 50 and you're jealous of me. It's like ano it's like leaving my show.


You're giving me so much power your whole life. Yeah. What a crazy person. Yeah. That is crazy. Although you can't antagonize, I will say, you know, with strange families, one thing, you can't antagonize the commentors. They will come, they'll come for you if you antagonize them, they will Absolutely come. I don't care. Oh, I, I fear them, dude. I'm so scared of them. Why? I don't know. Dude. I just like, What do you think they're gonna do? Like ruin Christmas? They could. Who Cares? You own family. I could be on my phone all day, like, shut up kids. I'm reading my comments Now. Just turn 'em all off. You have your own family. You don't need them anymore. That's True. That is true. You've created your own family. So. I am Of them. you know what, you know what I'm so scared of? It's like, and I'm not, you know, I'm not genuinely afraid of it.


I, I'm kind of more let's, how do I say, I'm still like in shock of that whole thing that happened with Brendan shop. What, what exactly They, Dude, it was a fucking, they formed a Reddit of like 97,000 people. Literally. It was 97,000 people strong who dedicated hours of their life to just like, and you don't have to read it, of course, but it's like knowing that's out there just every day. But I feel like he bought that on himself. You think your family's gonna do that? No. No. My family, dude, if my family started a dis subreddit on me, dude, that would be it. I'd be like, fuck you guys, dude. I'd be sending seven page letters. Single That. What thought you were scared of? I thought you were scared of Your family. It doing it. No I mean I'm scared of my daughters growing up and eventually hating me.


But that's a whole, that's a different thing. They'll hate you regardless. And then think so, and then they'll love you. It's like that weird dynamic where like, it's just chaotic for a bit. And then you love your, your family. I know. I I kind of was like that too. They're not gonna really hate you. It's just gonna be like teenage angst I think. Yeah. Like get the fuck way. You dad Also like, just have them like you more than your wife. So then like she's the person now. I Got that on lock. Yeah. I got that fucking lock. I can, I'm already ready. I'm so ready to turn them all against each other. That's Amazing. I'm gonna leave first. First I do is my sister, all of us, like two, we never three can get along. It's always two against one. Is it Really? Yeah. Damn. So you're forging the flames. I mean that's how I grew up. We're all just chaotic and arguing and not great.


Yeah. This is what it is. My Sister doesn't even know I a special out and when she sees it, she's gonna be mad. You think so? Is it? Yeah. I'm talking about her. Oh really? And personal stuff that she definitely would not want out there. I don't even know if I should say this, but like, whatever I mean. Yeah. She's not gonna be thrilled. She won't be happy with it. No. None of it's a lie. Okay. Everyone's like, when you say that though, that's bad. Yeah, that is bad. That's the way You should be. Like, none of it's a lie though. I'm making it all up. It's not a lie really. It's all real. Eh, I mean. Look, people look, people move on though. She'll, she'll heal I'm sure from it. We're not really that close anyway. I'm okay with it. So she's just, you're you're gonna get a damn, so you're gearing up for a fucking nasty message.


I'll just block her. There you go. Like my biological father I just blocked him too. I'll just plug everyone. Yeah. That's nice. That's The best when you just block someone and they have no idea. That is nice. Yeah. You can also mute. Which they block is a sa You're giving people satisfaction if you block them, they go. But they don't know. 'cause they have regular, my sister has not a, she doesn't have an iPhone so she won't know. Oh. Oh, you're talking about in the car. I thought you meant social media. Oh, social media. You could restrict. Restrict is great. Yeah. 'cause then people don't know. They don't know Block. If you block they go this plus you fucking block from the off too much. I don't, I'll block guys that I just don't wanna hear from. 'cause I'm like, I just wanna be over this, you know? Yeah. But like yeah. Those people, I'll just let you say whatever you want to the ether. Yeah. I'll just restrict You. It's kind of dastardly though to like send somebody just still just chirping into just nothing.


I mean. No Idea. I know it's kind of cowardly. I should. Yeah. No, no. Let 'em do it. Any I I do. Yeah. I really don't care. The commenting stuff. I, I don't care. I I have caught myself. It's, it been a bit of a process, but like, I would have like my kids in the bath, which You should be paying attention to. Yeah. And I'd be like, lemme check my email real quick. I I got an eye on 'em and then I'm like, I start going into comment stuff and I'd like catch myself like my heart rate racing and like, oh yeah. Then I'd literally see my kids would just be like looking at me from the tub. Like, they're like, dad the fuck are you Dad? Fuck. Where are you? Dad's gotten a bad comment. Yeah. We better swim out here, otherwise we're drowning. Someone Told dad he ruins the podcast. I was like, fuck. Yeah. I, for real. I I was and that was like a wake up call for me to be like, oh, this is real life.


This is like, That's like a thing. Right? It exists only on the internet. Yeah. That was a big, that was a big, Yeah. But. you have to get used to it. I remember like in the old days, even on like Facebook, I would get like, write a whole thing out and I'm like, do I wanna waste the whole day doing this? And then dude, that was the, and I'll Just erase it. I'm like, it's not worth it. No. 'cause then you think about it all day and then you check the comment to see like, how many likes did he get? It was this the one that took me to the top and it never is And you go fuck. Nope. Do you still use Facebook? I do sometimes. It's mostly like friends on there I think. you know. Yeah. So yeah. It's not like for fans. I guess. For sure. Yeah. Mostly Instagram. Not professional. Someone was like telling me to use Facebook professionally and I was like, I haven't, I have a Facebook account obviously.


Yeah. I haven't, I deleted one a long time ago. Then I like revamped it. Just two point. That's 2.0. That's my 2.0 phase. And I, they Start to use that for There people. Like, you'd be surprised some markets are better in Facebook for shows. And I was like, That's true. I mean, I know people do like Facebook posts for to sell tickets. They do ads and that works. Yes. Makes sense. So I think that's something that is makes definitely, that makes, I dunno if it's good to use it for like managers and stuff. I thought it was saying for my personal account, like, yo guys. No, I think it's, if you have like a business account, like for your fans, I think you can, there you go. Put ads on there. And that's, I think, helpful. I Didn't know if people still use it now. I I they Do. My friend uses, she says she gets a lot off of it. I, I think it depends where your fans are. I don't for sure. I don't know anything about that Because I, I used, I was off when I, I was off it for a while.


When I came back it felt like weird. I was like, 'cause I used to be on it every day, like living and dying by like of this is such a great status. And I'd write it and be like, this is going, this is the one that people are gonna be, holy shit. This guy's on another level. And it's just like 12 likes someone, one guy from high school being like, shut up pussy. And you're like, fuck. But I like, when I got off it for a while, I came back to see everyone still like doing that as part of their day day. And it was kind of like, unsettling. I was like, damn dude, you guys are still here. They're still there. It's like leaving a hometown. Like leaving an old town and going back like, damn. And like the guy that you liked used to work at the movie theater still works at the movie theater. It's kind of that same idea. That's How it felt when I came back. I was like, damn dude, you Need to move from where you live. 'cause I've had that. I live in the same area my whole life. And like, you'll see a guy you had a crush on when he was like 18 or 22 and now he's like, fallen off.


Yeah. It's become sad. It is sad. It is. My, my wife always made fun of me 'cause I would never leave the Philadelphia area. And like we, we came here and she's like, I'm so proud of you for Leaving. How'd you guys meet? 'cause she's from Chicago, right? Tinder. Was she, were you There Philly? No, she was, she was in Philly for school. Okay. And we met on Tinder and I was recently divorced, so. Oh, I didn't know you were married before her. Oh Yeah, I got married. I dunno why I said, oh yeah, that's kind of weird, but like, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well, I mean well, I mean, I was also like, oh yeah. I was also in disbelief. So it makes sense where you'd be like, oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Me divorced. I was definitely divorced. I actually, funny, I had someone reach out, like between, I, I did a show before this and a guy hit me up like, yo, I'm so sorry to hear about your divorce, but I, I was talking about it on a podcast.


I'm like, dude, that's from like, Oh, do you, did he think it was a recent one? Yeah. I was like, dude, that's from like 12 years ago. But yeah, the priest Thank You for your Thank. You for your wish. Did you have kids with that? That No. That's Good. Was it was. Yeah. Chill. It was very, very chill. Divorce. I chill. Divorce seems like the best. It wasn't that chill, Honestly. It wasn't that chill. It I mean it wasn't that Chill. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It was not chill. It was, it was a big wake up call for me. Man. That was a big like, you know, moment. I realized other people weren't like two dimensional characters for my personal enjoyment in the world and Right. you know, So that So It was mostly your fault? I would say like, yeah. About, I would say 97%. But the, The I mean. At least you could say that now. I think some people never take accountability, Which is hard.


It was a big, it was a big, that was a big, you know, I was like barely a sentient creature before, before like 30 something So. that was like a very painful process of being like, oh, every, this is all a real thing. This is not Well That's like an accomplishment to actually grow up. Yeah. And like take accountability and like work on yourself. I don't think people realize how hard that is. It's The worst thing in the world. It's Terrible. Sucks being like, I, I do it with my wife all the time where we'll be arguing about something and I'll say a thing and in my head I'm like, that's not really true. And I'll be like, But also you're like, that was a great line. That was a good line. And I'm, I've just gained upper, I've just gained an upper hand in this, so let me just win this argument and then I'll work on like being truthful and honest. But I was like, it is, it is. It sucks when you have to be like, like she recently told me something I did that bothered her and I was so dug in and be like, fucking bullshit.


I was right. And she explained it in a way where I was like, At least you could hear that though. Yeah. It hurts though. It's good. Because I had to be like, yeah, Of course it hurts. It hurts to hurt someone that you care about. Yeah. Or just realize you weren't Right. That's kind of what I'm talking about. Right. To realize you weren't right and be like, yeah, I didn't have the moral upper hand that I thought I did and I actually was being a gigantic piece of shit. And you're like, fuck. Thought I was right about that. Sometimes You lose, you know? True. I remember gonna therapy and telling my therapist I had this great line I was gonna say to like my ex-boyfriend at the time and he was, and I was like, I'm waiting until it's like over over to say this. Yeah. Well What was the line? The line was I shouldn't have to stay 'cause everyone else left, which I think is a great fucking fuck you. That's a good line. Especially saying that and then leaving basically. Right.


And he was like, that's not like great that you have that planned. I was like, no, but it's like such a good fuck you. Yeah. Pretty much is. Yeah. But I was like, I St I just held onto that. I thought I was so proud of it. It is good. It's almost like pretty cinematic honestly today. I know. It's like then the curtains closed, the credits come off. But he was like, yeah, you shouldn't be aiming to do that. Aiming to hurt people. Yeah. Cut them. Yeah. Find their like childhood traumas and just cut them down with it. God. Yeah. Everyone I date is so awful. Yeah. They're just like, it's, yeah. It's just like, you know, everyone who's emotionally closed off and alcoholic PTSD, there's some type of like first responder, they're fucking veterans. It's just like, So when did you start pushing, putting together like your pattern of like, this is the person I'm a attracting to, attracted, getting attracted to.


I think I've just seen that, what I'm doing and I'm like, oh, this is actually like a pattern. Yeah. And then, you know, I'll date guys who are like gonna kill themselves. They never kill themselves. I just stay in it longer. So, I think I'm just gonna be single. Yeah. I'm picking the worst people. Yeah. That's, yeah. The suicide threats can be tough. And it's like what they all do. Yeah. Or what the guys I'm attracting do and then they know Romantic types. They're romantic types. Very Romantic. They're Like, I'm gonna fucking kill myself. you know? I'm like, well let me see, let me see what you're doing. One time my boyfriend, my ex-boyfriend had said that and I went home and like he wasn't even really trying. Ah, He had like roach killer, that thing that's like a syringe. And it was just on the bed. It wasn't even like used at All. I'm gonna eat Roach. He was under harm. His reproductive capacities.


I know. But it was like such a thing where I was like, I had to cancel shows To come here Is you're not, this isn't very serious. Yeah. Yeah. You are like, you didn't try even a little bit. Yeah. That's embarrassing actually. Yeah. And he's like, All, right. Well fucking now I'm gonna do it. He still, yeah. He still didn't do it. That's such a wild move man. To just be like, I'm gonna kill myself. Yeah. I mean it's effective. Honestly. It's a good tactic. It's effective. Yeah. It's A good tactic. And it's like, you gotta live with this. You all you had to do was spend one afternoon and I'd still be here. But, you do get to the point where you're like, fucking do it at some point. I don't care. Do It. You're like, okay, do it. I can't deal with this anymore. Yeah, Do it. There was that lady who once went to jail for coaching the kid into killing himself. That's different. I wouldn't do that. You Wouldn't coach. You would just be like, I wouldn't coach disappointed.


I would sit by the sidelines. Yeah. And just wait. No coaching. Just, Hmm. Yeah. Suicides. They never kill themselves. They never do. If you're in a relationship like that, just leave. They're not gonna kill themselves. They're not gonna do it. Yeah. And if They do, they really wanted to do it. Yeah. And You should be happy for them. True. And then you can go like, guy was actually a winner. I thought he was just a fucking pretender the whole time. The guy was the real deal. And I actually got him to do what he wanted to do. So like, I am partly like a hero I would say. Yeah. If I'm doing the Lord's work. Yeah. Suicide's one of those things. It's like, I I I think it's still going up right now. Is it? Yeah. I mean, I would assume that, I feel like everything in this country is like, just harder. People can't pay for shit. you know what I mean? It's just like su suicide to me is always like the first thing.


I go to But you said, but I wanna add to something. Yeah. Like even a job, I'd be like, I'm gonna kill myself. So, I don't have To kill myself right now. Yeah. I, I'm too, I'm too curious. I I, I sometimes do get overwhelmed by life where I'm like, it's just so much. And I'm like, you know, it's, I get the thought of thinking, I'm gonna kill myself, but I'm just, It's a fun little, like, it would just be nice to even not kill yourself, but to like, if you could put yourself into a coma for a little bit. Just like a week, like a six week? Nah, I'd say like six months. Six. You want six months? Let me, Lemme just have some restart time. Yeah. True, True. That's like, it is nice. You should be able to do that. That would be nice to go into a medical coma and have like a doctor restrict your calories. Use like, you know, the, if you could Lose weight Exactly. Save money on your rent.


Like it could be great. Exactly. Yeah. You, you saying like a, like your medical insurance basically covers your rent for a year. You're saving up money. You Don't even need rent for a Year. People are still, you're not gonna even be there moving your shit into a fucking storage unit. Patreon, there's still some dumb asses that left their credit card on there. You come out, you got like 10 G's in the bank. It's funny 'cause I do, I do that as a joke and people are just like horrified. I'm like, But, you never just thought of going into a coma for a little bit. Like, maybe not six months, but like a month. Like the pandemic was nice for a little bit. For Sure. A couple months. You just You are not going in, you're not like fighting traffic every day. you know what I mean? Yeah. You're just not gonna a job you hate. Especially if you could still dream. That would be nice if you could like somehow have them like, you know, do Whatever they, I don't even wanna dream.


You wanna go deep? Wanna, I don't. 'cause who knows what I'm gonna dream of. You are Not gonna enjoy it. It's, eh, that's True. You can be stuck in a nightmare. I just want a time out. Yeah. I want no dreams. I just keep me alive and nothing. And like, you know, I guess you have to have people work your limbs so they don't Yeah, That's true. Yeah. Or Like, turn you over or whatever. They'd have to put you on like a rotisserie machine. Just kind of like rotate your body. I love that. Yeah. It'd be kind of nice. Yeah. I, I don't But the problem is it would go by like that. It'd be like when you get surgery you would, they would put you out and you just go, huh. That's totally true. And you'd come up right away. That's why you need the dreamscape. You Do need the dreams. Okay. Or They have, have them like wake you up out Of it. I, you're convincing me wake You up. The dreams would be nice. Or wake you up out of it like every two days. Like you just did two days. Just wait. What happened? I Give you a quick, just keep putting you back out, Out. Give you a quick like rundown.


Like, dude Trump just elected three guys. Just be like, okay, cool. And they put you back out and They put you back out. And then depending on what they tell you, you decide how long you wanna be out for. That's not a bad point. You are like, your ex-boyfriend is remarried. I'll go out for six months. I'll go out For, so what's the, what's the single phase gonna be like? That's, I don't know. I'm not sure. I think I might, I always say I'm gonna just be single and I always end up dating somebody Panic. And you get lonely. Yeah. Or it's just so easy. People like from your past just keep coming back. 'cause they're so shitty that no one wants them. So they're just a Rolodex of garbage constantly. They're just coming back nonstop. That, that was my pattern. I, well, not, well not that specifically, but I'd be in a relationship and like, and I do think like when you live with a woman specifically, like they do make you better.


Like, you're like, you're, you're kind of more organized. You're dressing better. Sure. So then I get to that point and I'm like, dude, if I was single, I'd get so much pussy, Right? Because I'm a better version of myself. I'm a better version of myself. And then I would get outta the relationship and then just devolve and be like, oh. And I always remember like, oh yeah, I'm like, like an anxious loser. And then I would like just become, and I'd be like, I'm gonna work on myself and whatever. And I would just like slowly panic because I was so lonely. And just slam the button again and just get back, Back into thing. But you gotta do is be in a relationship while you're getting better and then also cheat. That's how you get the best of both worlds. I'm not a, I'm not not a fan of cheating. You're absolutely right. Yeah. It's like, I don't know if you could cheat and get through it. It's like, it kind of could make you better But you saying get away with it and then like, recommit and double down Or just no, like have jump shit.


Have them find out. See how, if you guys can work through it. Like nobody really works through anything anymore. Yeah, I know like Back in the day there was like a genocide or a potato famine. Like that's hard and you guys gotta work through it and it's like, can you and your wife work through her sleeping with a dude? No. I think the other way around is way more tolerable. Honestly. I mean you guys would, you would've never made it through the potato famine. I gotta be honest with that attitude. You're gonna, your whole family's a star. I wonder. Well, I wonder about that because I'm always kind of like, would You prefer an emotional cheating or a physical cheating? Emotional really. But that's so much more intricate. You spend so much more time talking to somebody and getting to know them. And there's like feelings. Like that's what girls Do with all their friends.


So it's like, yeah, I'm not gonna be like, it's bullshit, But you're not jealous of her friends. You're jealous of this guy that she just fucks If she thought another guy was funny, I'd be, I would be pissed about that if she's like, he's So funny. So even if she doesn't have sex with him, she just thinks he's hilarious. She's like sneakily watching Brendan haw videos. Any funny, you know, I mean obviously you gonna take her down. I I would be no sex would bother me the most. Yeah, that's what I was For sure. Sex would bother me the most. But emo like, if, if she was like con, if she was like confiding in somebody and telling them like secret shit. Secret stuff. Stuff about you. Secret shit. Stuff about maybe I hate The way he fucks me. And I also think Brendan Chubb's funnier than him. That would be so brutal.


That would be tough. But there is also part of me that wants to discover like a huge cache of just like dastardly text where it's like, Hey, fuck, I fake it every time. I can't wait. And just read It just to make yourself feel bad And just seeth. Yeah. And just be like, motherfucker that would, there is part of me that like, would like to stumble upon that there's Something to hurt in your own feelings. Like I, I'll go. That's why You read the comment. That's why I read the Yeah. I mean I go on Reddit. I, I googled myself on Reddit and I was like, that was not great. And it never stops. It doesn't matter. It never stops. And the, it's always like, this person sucks. I got five minutes into their special and you're like, you didn't even get to any of the good stuff Dude. First five minutes I just settling in. I was pretty, I was kind of like, I had like, I got to be kind of detached a little bit.


'cause like, you know, like Shane was doing more of the standup. He was really in the spotlight and in my head I was like, I'm just like, kind of like a cool guy. I don't even care about this stuff. And then I put out a special on YouTube and like comments on podcasts. I was like, whatever. When it was my special, I would read the negative comments and I was like, breathing heavy. I was like, oh fuck. Like it, that really fucked me up, like, Reading this. That's the thing too. It's like, I know I'm not gonna be for everybody. Yeah. So it's like, that is part of it For sure. But I'm talking to the day it was YouTube, dude. One person was like, she was ugly with her other hair color and then she d dyed it again. Now she's even uglier. That actually just made me laugh because I'm like, it's actually the same color. That's really Funny. But she's like, yeah, you're even uglier.


That's fucked up. It's also fucked up when someone like studies you for six months and then slams you. It's like, dude, you've done way too, this was too much research. Right. They they've spent a lot of time though. Yeah. you know that, that is, that is really funny. It is. Every now and again, you will get one that's so oddly specific. You laugh, you're just kind of like, what the Fuck? That just makes you laugh. Yeah. Some of it is just like, I remember when somebody said something mean to Sarah Silverman and she replied something like, I could tell you're just hurting. And then like, she talked to this guy and then like, he was just hurting. And like, she got like the paid for him to get therapy. I mean I'm not gonna do that. I want you to be very unhealthy. Yeah. But like, she did that. It's like, most of these people are just hurt themselves. Damn. And they had sex maybe. I don't know. I maybe I have no idea what they're thinking. Yeah. I was like, maybe someone died in their family.


I don't know. That Happens. I've tried to go that route, but I've done that passive aggressively where like, eh, you must be hurt. And in my head I'm like, fuck you. Fuck you dude. Go get the help you seek. No, I, I, I do feel that way too. Genuinely. Like when I think someone think responding to comments is the worst. I must don't not responding to any, Don't do it. But I, I do. There I do. Genuinely. It's, and this is like the dilemma. This is, I would say the shabby and dilemma where it's like if someone's attacking you online, he doubled down was like, he pointed the finger back and he is like, you're actually the loser. And it's like, that's the worst fucking thing. And it's, it's like, it takes two to tango. So it's like, You know, somebody says that you have to be like, I am a loser. I am a loser. I'm a fucking pathetic worm. I'm thankful you acknowledge that and you get to continue selling liquid death and, you know, making money.


And that's such a, I Wanna sell liquid Death. That's the job. You have to be like, yes, I'm a pathetic worm. More politicians should do that. Just like, you're right. I'm just disgusting. Pathetic worm. I'm a pervert. And I just want to just continue representing you guys. Somebody told me that somebody brought up to Trump, like somebody said this bad thing about you. And he was like, well, good luck to them. And I'm like, what a great response. And also you're like, good luck to them. Yeah. True. Good luck to them. It's Like, sure. What else can you do? Yeah, true. Good luck to Them, it's like, there's no way to really hurt you when you act like you're not hurt. You're like, yeah, good luck to them. Yeah, That's true. But then it's like, do you want Well, yeah, that, that's absolutely true. But then the fear is like, am I gonna become detached from reality then one day just my, my decline will be, you know, precipitous. And I think you'll probably just shoot up a, a mall So.


I. I don't think you're gonna, I think one day you just push everything down that ah, on a fucking killing spray. Yeah. I just kill my whole family. Yeah. You have a whole family though. So that's, I think that will keep you in check a bit. I think So I don't, I could really be rogue. Yeah, true. I Have no one. Yeah, you can really just kind of go nuts. Which is fun. You Are gonna travel. It is be, I, I I actually like being alone a lot. Like I love having a, having a family For real. I love. But it's Like, but it's great. You have the best both worlds. You're with your family and then you get to escape. True. I get to go and do standup And then your wife's with these kids the whole time. Yeah, I know. And I feel guilty. But Do you Less and less. But I


Quick announcement for Irvine, California, or really all of SoCal. You guys know I'm SoCal as hell. I've been SoCal. But yeah, I'll be at the Irvine Improv 1129. That's this upcoming weekend. Well I guess next weekend, whatever. 1129 and 11 30th. And I've also added a show on 1131 or 12 one. I'm not sure how many days are in November. But, you get the point. Next Friday, next Saturday, next Sunday I'll be in Irvine, California. And lemme just say for the record, fuck LA dude. It's all about Irvine. I'm sick of people from LA being like, oh, you're going to Irvine. Ugh, I'd never go down. Fuck you dude. Shut up Irvine's. Where all the res are. Not a bunch of pretenders out in LA I'm gonna be a famous actor. Know you're fucking not grow up and move to Irvine. I'll see you there. God Bless, you all.


Oh fuck. Gotta be the bigger man in the park sometimes.


Pardon the interruption. This may or may not be Sean Gini speaking and this may or may not be. Sean Guardini on camera who is speaking and who is on camera is not important. I've come to tell you that Sean Guardini is doing standup comedy shows. The upcoming shows are in Cleveland, Ohio, December 8th, Buffalo, New York, December 10th, and Baltimore, Maryland, December 11th. Please come to those shows if you can. The tickets are@seanguardini.com. Thank You.


Well, It's, it's fucked up. As I try to explain this to her, I'm like, 'cause she recently went away and I was like, dude, this is like fucking my God, man. It's hard. Very hard. But I was, my part, my thing with her, I was like, yeah, but you're, I was just saying this to bother her, but I was like, but you're like naturally more disposed to being able to do. And she was just, what the fuck are you talking about? I'm like, this is like But you're built for. She didn't like that at all. Being A woman or her specifically Woman. Yeah. I said that to her just to bother. I knew I, I was just fucking with her. But I mean, I could see where she gets her resentment from. Why she can't, Why she's fucking this guy that fucks her better. And she loves, she loves it. Shoves jokes. I mean I get, I'm on her side. I gotta be honest. You Gotta But. you have to pepper her up. You gotta like constantly. I don't know.


I I do like fucking with her a lot. I'm just kidding. I don't, I don't of genuinely coming down on her, but it No, no, of course you're joking. Yeah. But it is fun to like do that and like be like, no, I'm dead serious. And just kind of like get her in a tizzy. Like, I'm just fucking with you. I gotta talk to her and tell her first fun. Especially if I think it, it's a little bit true. Especially if I think it's a little bit true though. If I'm like, eh, you know what I mean? Does She work like a full-time job? Oh, then yeah. Yeah. That's your job. That's your job. Taking care of these kids. My mom, I always tell her my mom had six kids, man, I would rather have a day job than have to take care of my kids. I'd rather work. You think so? Yeah. I'd rather do that. No way, dude. You can do like viral Instagram mama videos. Like, hey mamas. That's what women started doing outta nowhere, calling each other mamas on the internet. Hey mamas, hey Mama. I guess. But then you still, you do that video and then after your stuff to take care of these kids.


True. That kind of sucks. Yeah. I would have like a babysitter all the time. We have That. Yeah. Then it's not that bad. Yeah. If you, you can get a permanent babysitter. You can get an au pair for like fucking $10. Yeah. Dude. Pretty Cheap, cheap fucking sneaker papers. And just be like, bro, I remember snake papers. Does that mean like Pull the green card But? You're not going fucking anywhere. Damn. That's Tell they, you know. Well, but you know, pe most people do that in sex traffick people. You could be like, no, I just want you to take care of my kids and I'll give them back when you're done. And then you just have, you just like, fuck them. And then they're also taking care of the kids. They're like, this is crazy. I'm doing two jobs and I'm getting paid for one. You're right. Is out shopping.


Yeah. She just shop. I I, that is kind of like a, it would be nice though to like get so rich that you could just become complete. Like the whole family could become completely apathetic toward each other and you can just like, simultaneously like Yeah. Around Yourself. Would terroristic I mean I would've love this? Like my family would've like tried to buy my love. Yeah. Like throwing money at a situation sounds like the nicest thing. Yeah. I would love that. People do get resentful about that. Like, you just only bought me presents. It's like, dude, some people don't buy You shit and some people don't buy you shit and they're not even there anyway. Yeah. True. So now you're getting nothing. Yeah, that's true. I don't know. I'd, I'd prefer just buy Or, or maybe you do need, or maybe you do need love. I, I try to like, I, I am like, I almost over index So.


I like bother my little kids. They're two and four. I'm like, I love you guys. And they're just like, dude, shut up. They don't even know what you're talking about. Do they speak yet? They 4-year-old. The 2-year-old and the 2-year-old talks too? Yeah. Oh Wow. I didn't realize that. They talk that young. Yeah, they, no, they, you kids Kids. Three kids with the same Landy. Yeah. How old are they? 12 to baby. Wow. That's a big gap to start over. Yeah, that does. But no, they, Is that like a mistake? They all Were. Okay. Three, three Mistakes each time you were like, fuck, I never Write bs. Yeah. Oh yeah. Then It's, yeah, I'm due, I'm due for a mistake. Although my, I've been pretty good about not like, no, you know, I, I would f I just like, I've always banked on having one child by mistake.


But both the two were like intentional planned. Yeah. So You still have another mistake, baby. Come in First one. That's, that's what I, that's kind of what I'm kind of saying. I Want that for you. You do. I I, I'd be Excited. I think you, I think you'd, I think you're excited for it. I am. Yeah. I, I always, I always, I want your wife to get the boy That's, she wants the boy, she wants the boy big time. And then she could love the boy. You could love the girls. And that's how you start your fucking army. That's how we start the fight. The battle. I the girl. Yeah. But the girls, they'd be older than the boy and I would just trained to just use like relational aggression and sign. Yeah. He's gonna be stronger than them at some point. Eventually. Yeah. Yeah. But we'll put 'em in dresses and shit. We'll, queer queer him up a little bit. And then your wife's gonna make the girls just dress like boys, you're really gonna fuck these kids up just for your own Personal Gay night.


I kind of love it. I should, I always, it is a real, like, it's a, sorry, my nose is, it's a serious concern, man. I Your kids being trans. Not That I mean. I, I I they Would only probably be trans for a little bit. It's kind of like a phase for most people I think. I think So, I. I do, I do worry. I don't worry that much about that. But that would, that would kind of blow if, if, especially if like one of my daughters had like a full on like basically a better mustache than me. I'd be kind of like, I wouldn't, like I I just, it's one of those things where I'm not like, you know, ideologically I would say like, maybe don't do the drugs and stuff until they're like, sure, sure. Yes. Well that's, that's, but then it's like you Just try it on for a bit. Well just dress like a boy and stuff.


Do That. And for all girls dress like boys now though, it's kind of normal. I dress like a boy for most of my childhood. But like, you I just think it's like, okay then like, let's see what else you wanna do. Yeah. Don't take the drugs. Don't take the testosterone. Don't Take the testosterone until you're sure you want like a dick. Yeah. So have you seen the dicks by the way? I've looked 'em up. It's not like, great. Yeah, just wear a strap on. It's like for your own. I've heard stories where people are like, so you still get that urge to come But. you can't Now. I think that was a girl going to a boy or boy going to a girl. I'm not sure which one it was, but they're like, you still get that urge and now you can't even come. Fuck. I didn't even think about that. Yeah. So the, as if you're, if you're a girl who became a guy, you all the test is like telling your body I guess we gotta come now.


I guess. But there's not the means I guess. So I don't know. I think, Yeah, I think it's like a little pump. You have like one of your balls as a pump that you kind of pump it up. Maybe that's who my wife's cheating on me with The pump guy. The pump trans really Foreign pump trans. Do you think your wife's cheating on you? No, I don't. I I don't think I mean there's the thing you'll never know as a guy. Women are guys, I think get caught way easier and women could just, they could get away with it forever. There's no way. Especially you're on the road a lot, you know, you could both be cheating. It takes a lot of trust from both of you. True, True. Yeah. I will say, I can say it with a straight face. I, it's like I don't cheat. I I Don't think you do. And I, I do love that about you. Thank, You, appreci, appreci like that. I think you do love your wife. Do. And I do love that. And I would hate to like, have to ruin that for you guys.


Yeah. No. Better be Good. I am. I will be. I, it's, I think, But also if you start cheating on your wife, I'd be like, it'd be understandable. Tell me all about this girl. I'd be like, I'm on your side actually. So I'll switch sides very easily. I very little allegiance. So. Well It's, it is one of those things where it's like, it's understandable in a, like I always, I always judged. I would like hear about that. I'm like, what a fucking moron. Like, why you have family, why would you? And then as you get older you're like, it's actually, it can happen man. It, It's like, it's especially like if you're on the road, you're traveling, the problem with you is you're pretty well known and it's so easy to probably get in touch with your wife and tell her social Media. So it's like, it is harder for you I think. I think so with the social media and all that stuff. And it's just one of those things where you, you just know, Is it worth it?


It's like, exactly. It might blow up my whole family. Is this worth it? And it's just, I, it's like, you know, that moment, as soon as it's over's, just This is a, you just regret Just a fucking, just an ocean of dread for the rest of my life. And that, that, that kind of keeps me Yeah. The check and I Just, and it's just not just, you know, you get to a point where it's like, I have nothing to offer like a, a woman. It's like I'm married, I have kids. Right. I would only be a dad. I'd be taking from that person and then just like blowing up my own life. Yeah. That's myself. It what I myself. Yeah. That's, that's what I tell myself. I just go, that's, and I'm not really the kind of like romance cover, like one night stand. It's, it's just, that's Not, it's not gonna be beautiful.


No, Exactly. It's not gonna be beautiful. And that's not really what I offer. You are not gonna like lay her down and put roses. Not gonna blow her mind. Yeah. Yeah. It was just, You're not gonna blow her mind either. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. It would just be so I'm, I'm very like, you'd both Regret it. It Would be somebody trying to horn in on my life and resources and me foolishly You should give them money though. I would. Okay. I'd have to. Yeah. I'd have to gag them. They'd be like, money gag order, Whatever you need. Now I'm just paying for your apartment. Apartment. I'm paying for your apartment. So you don't tell my wife. I'm just being extorted. But yeah, it, it is. I will say with the social media stuff, it's like, like, dude, you used to be able to like start a family. You could like leave your family and just go 30 miles and just, you Could have another family and not even leave them.


That's what I'm saying. Yeah. And it was it. Now it's like with social media, fucking 23 and me, you get a DNA test, it's like bam, that it all will come out in the wash eventually. That's the one thing I, I've told my wife that. I say, if you do end up cheating on me, You're gonna find out. I'll find out. Yeah, I'll find out. Well, I, she'd be pregnant. So I would be able to see that. But if I were to do it, You think she would automatically get pregnant if she cheated on you? I don't know. I mean, I, I'm saying there'd be, somehow there'd be proof. Like if I say I Give her some credit that she's not gonna get, get fucking knocked up, cheating on you. What a crazy thing. Like she can't do it. She has to get like a load blown in her. True, true. Give her a little credit.


True. That's true. That's true. But I did explain that to my wife. I was like, it it, it's not, it's obviously not worse for a woman to cheat or anything like that. But there is a biological component to it where it's like a guy can't get, like a woman can never be a cuckold. A guy could be a cuckold. Like the, the end of female cheating could result in you like spending 20 years raising a kid that's not yours. That's the cuckold. That's What a cuckold, a cuckold is. Just anyone whose wife has sex. Right. But you're Saying like, I think the woman version's called a cut queen. Oh, okay. Which Is, it's a funny terminology, but it's not as like, you know, You know, just make her not come. Also that will make me come. You are disappointing Another person. I'm getting off on this. This is so hot. But. you can't please either of us.


They're just both mad at me eventually. But yeah, it's like I've told her, I'm like, it is, there's something that is like extra sinister about like, a woman can cheat, get pregnant and then just be like, yo, this is yours. Which is like, that's a different level or a different layer of like monstrosity. But If she di if she cheated on you with a black eye, it would probably come out a little darker. Yeah. But here, here's the thing. What this is true, but it's like when once you're like an interracial kind of mix, the shades do differ. Okay. So if it was like, if the kid was like black as hell, I, I could, you know, maybe ask some questions. But like they, you'll, they'll like the hues can be wildly different. Like if you go to like South America Okay. Where it's like, everyone's been kind of like mixed up a lot.


You never know what you're getting. You have very lights and then very and yeah, exactly. It's River comes out a little Asian. Then I would know then I would say You are like, But the hues are in between. The hues are there. You don't know what's happening. That is my favorite thing though. I've met a couple people where I'll be like, they'll like, oh, you have kids. And I'll show 'em a picture and I'll be like, oh, is is your wife? She's Puerto Rican. Well, my wife's, I always, I'm like, my wife's from Sweden. And they'll be like, I'll watch 'em be like, what the fuck? I'm like, I'm just kidding. My wife's black. But the, it's a fun trick I like to do. But yeah, she, she like says our kids look like they're Puerto Rican. That's her. She likes to say that out loud. 'cause my Puerto Rican babies and I, it's funny 'cause we're in like a pretty liberal, like, well todo white area and it's like people get kinda like, oh, I'm not allowed to say my Puerto Rican baby like that.


I So I. And she's allowed, she can do whatever she wants. But it's like, it is funny watching people get kind of uptight. Like, what the fuck? Thatt. She has Puerto Rican kids. Well they're, they're just white and black, so they look like they're Puerto Rican. Right. But they're, people are upset by That. People are kind of uncomfortable with like, like irreverent references of race. Yeah. It's Like, and I've noticed that it's more like a like, kind of like a white liberal thing where it's kind of like, what the fuck? I always find like whenever white people get uncomfortable about race, it means their families had lots of slaves. Definitely. Dude, it's Because you're like, ugh. Yeah, dude. For sure. If you're, yeah. If you're white and rich, I, that's what I was saying with like reparations, it's like, let's just find out whoever had slaves and just make them pay a bunch of money and then, you know.


Right. Most I'm not, I'm not against that. Me either. I think that'd be fair. I'd be like, dude, you guys, you guys had 'em forked the money and just fucking, I wish my family had lots of slaves. True. You'd killed So. I could have been rich. You'd killing it. We were very poor. Unfortunately. We didn't even have one. You didn't have a single one? I don't think we had 'em. I, I like, don't wanna find out. That would be, that would make my situation very awkward if I found out I don't. But now you're providing for these kids and having a better life for them. It's actually like the best come up. True. This is true. But Just spin it how you want, Matt. This Is, this is true. Yeah. Like I've come a long way, but Yeah. I, I don't, I don't think we've had slaves, but the Yeah. That's gotta be crazy though to find that out because some people like do learn that and they're like, fuck, it just sucks.


you know? I mean, I don't know. It's like you didn't do it, but it's also, it just kind of sucks. It's like everyone was doing it. True. It's like Molly. True. It's like, it's like Molly, I dunno, it was just trying to fit in. I didn't want any, Yeah, it was just the summer of 1869. It was just everyone. My Friend got me one for my birthday. They, they say a slave was as expensive as a car, car basically. So, that was like, everyone's like, yeah, that's like, not everybody. It Was like, not everyone could afford it. That's what I'm saying. Right. It would, that that was basically when you adjusted the price, it was like a brand new car that's expensive. I didn't know, like, that's pricey. Very pricey. But like what kind of new car? Like a civic? I don't know. But I would, yeah, I would imagine. I don't know, maybe there was, there was different, you know, maybe there's different ones.


But like, I, I think it was kinda looks like a, like, you know, it was the equivalent to like $25,000. I think I could be wrong about that. That's what I heard. And I was like, man, you know, some people probably couldn't really afford it, but they got one and made them do the work like six. True. Yeah. Oh my God. Must've been crazy. Yeah. I I I Worked with a guy one time when I was in, how old was it? I was in high school and they, it was a pool company, so we were just like digging pools and like, you know, painting pools, all this stuff and maintaining digging Pool seems like brutal Work. It fucking sucked so bad. Yeah. But I remember it, it was literally, it was the worst job I've ever had by far. The guy would stand on the edge of a pool that you were like, they used the machine for a lot of it. Then you had to hand shovel like the edges to like kind of cut it in.


And he would stand on the edge of this like, fucking hole and just be like, why is your shovel stop? And he would just like a fucking like prison line. He would just be like, Ugh. And you had to do it the whole time. You had to move. If you stop for a second, he'd be like, why is that shovel not moving? Like, I think you're looking for Ukrainians Dude. Well, eventually his brother for real, They're gonna do the most work. I'm actually not, so this is what you get with the Irish. But dude, his brother showed up one day and his brother came to the pool yard and he had like a Mexican dude with him. And he was like, he like showed this Mexican guy off. Like, he was like a fucking Tesla robot. Oh, I bet. Because he was like, yo dude, you gotta get yourself one of these. And he was just like, these motherfuckers are crazy. And you just, I'd be like, that's what you're looking for. Not this, this is not an updated model. I'm about to go to college Next year.


But yeah, he like showed, he like introduced this guy to Mexicans. Like, it was like a new techno. It was crazy. But Did he hire a bunch of Mexicans? No, It was me. Oh. He's like, I want these outdated models. He's like, I want these shitty white guys. Yeah. It was me and the one guy who had seniority, it turned out to be a bit of a freak. He was like, he, I went with him on his like, whatever it was like a maintenance route. And he was like, we go in his car and we get to like smoke weed all day. And he was like, yeah. It's like, otherwise he'd be digging holes. So I got to do the maintenance thing. But then like, we like would smoke weed and play Tiger Woods golf at his house all day. We would like finish our jobs quickly. And then do he like made this guy a lot of money so he could do whatever he wanted. And, and then he, like when we were playing Tiger Woods golf and just smoking weed, I was like in high school and he like came to the, he did something where like he was just washing his clothes.


It sounds like it's getting sexual. It. Yeah. Well here's the thing, it never got fully sexual, but I remember like him just like walking to the laundry machine in his boxers and being like fucking weird. Right. That's how it starts out. Exactly. But there was another guy I worked with who was there who the, the, he was like, we had this similar status was me and him were bought in the totem pole. Then he had this like guy who was like journeyman, who could, you know, actually know what the pool machines did. That guy, the boss hated him so much. He would dump, he flipped the dumpster over every day and make him him pick up the trash. 'cause he wanted him to quit so he didn't have to pay him unemployment. Ugh. But that guy as I, we like, he, he's like his, we've like married in together. Like his family married into my family and like, So, I, like, I was talking to his brother and I'm like, dude, like I, I worked with your brother.


And he was like, yo, that guy was like one day pulled his pants down. I was like shaking his ass to his brother. And I'm like, dude, he was kind of getting some weird freaky shit to me. But it, it wasn't that bad unless I just blocked it unless we like made out and I blocked it outta my head. You Probably did. Unless We like You're playing golf and then you're Making out And you're like, Hey, can you do my laundry also? He's like, I'll wash all your clothes. Just take 'em all off. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. He only ever like, walked in his boxers in my head I'm like, I think I fucked that guy one time. No, we, it was, it was pretty tame. But I was like, yeah, it was a, it was too good to be true. It was like just fucking plying me with weed and PlayStation. Oh, You were like so close to getting your butt fingered. I Know, dude. I was so close. You got out of there, what happened? I just, yeah, I just quit.


I was like, yeah, I was, it was like a summer job and I was like trying to work all summer. Then eventually I went to the beach for like a week with my aunt and uncle and I was like, I quit. Like They pulled you out of it? Yeah, I I just like grabbed money I could from that place and just fucking took off. But it was, he Was so close, I was so close to getting it. I was on the chopping block to get fingered and I, I think he was planning on fingering me right before I went to the beach maybe. I don't know. But He's like, well, if you don't say anything about me and my boxers, then I know you're kind of cool with it. I think so, but yeah, it was Have you ever had any like really fucked up jobs like that Where there's like a sexual component? Yeah. I remember I did stupid things. Like, me and my friend would go on a boat with guys we didn't know. And I'm like, oh, we could've definitely gotten raped. Oh yeah. And we were young. We were like 17 or 18.


Ah. So it's like, you think back to that, you're like, that was pretty dumb. Just getting in cars with guys you don't know and going to movies. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. There was, we used to hang out this like, like, it was like a movie. Everyone tell their parents were gonna, the movie theaters, it was called Painter's Crossing. It was just like a shopping center at a movie theater. And you would like just hang, you would tell your parents to go to the movies and instead you would like stand in a parking lot and be like fucking dumb asses. No idea. They think about the movies we're out on the corner freezing. Yeah, It was freezing outside. But the, the eating ice cream friendlies. But they, I remember that there was always like older, like older, older dudes that could like come up in like a cool civic and just like absolutely prey on the eighth grader girls. And you're like, please don't go with them.


Oh God. Yeah. Remember? Yeah. There was like poor, like old high school guys would pull up and you're like, dude, can you guys please get the fuck outta here? Me and my friends went to the movies to go CB four. Do you remember that? Like Chris Rock movie? Yeah. Okay. It's pretty bad. But anyway, this guy has like a Wait, hold On. CB four, I'm, I'm thinking of, I, I don't know. I'm thinking of Ib. No, CB four is like, I think Chris Rock's maybe first movie. It's pretty bad. What Year was this? Probably 94, 95. I didn't see that. I, I have a thing when people ask me about a movie, I lie and say I saw it and then I catch myself and go, So, I actually like that. Yeah. I like that you do that. Sorry. I do that. Every time someone says that, you see this movie, I go, yes. Yeah. And I go, and then when they start asking, you're like, well, maybe I'm misremembering. Yeah. I just, yeah. I just, I don't know what it is. And I'll be like, yeah. And then I'll be like, remember this part? And I'll be like, I used to be like, yeah.


And then I don't laugh and then they'll be like, All. right. I feel dumb For bringing up. Just be honest. You were talking at one point and I spaced out like, you know what I mean? It's just kind how it's s like and it's not because I wasn't interested. You said something and my brain just started going on A trail. For sure. I appreciate the honesty, dude. Yeah. It's like everyone lies about me. So What was up, what was up with C before? Anyway, so we, me and my friends meet these guys on the street. He has like a civic wagon. He's like, you know, Hispanic, Puerto Rican, Raul, and he has like Christmas lights in it. We all go to the movies in this guy's car. And it's like, thinking back, you're like, these guys are like decent guys. They didn't like attack us or rape us, us, or anything. Yeah. And then you're like, that was pretty dumb. Yeah, man. It's, I'm terrified man. And You have daughters too? I, dude, I am absolutely fucking terrified. They're Gonna be exotic. 'cause they're Puerto Rican.


I know. And they're, they're, they're beautiful girls, man. They're, they're beautiful girls. My wife and I. You're gonna have to watch. Yep. That, yeah. I, I spend a lot of my day fantasizing about just like beating a young man to death as like a That's fun as an old man, just being like, ugh. I've like, I've, I've already like, thought about like setting aside resources to like, just like what, what I would do to a person if they did anything or like hitting her or did anything terrible. It's like, I, I, my one thing is I'd like to hire a bunch of like, homeless people or crackheads and just like throw a brick at somebody. Okay, yeah. You can do that for the rest of his life. For the rest of his life. I'm like, dude, you'll get pelted with a rock for the rest of your life at any given time. Right. And it's private investigators. I was thinking about, I was like awake last night thinking about this. There's a whole way, a whole system where you could do it and get away with it.


Exactly. Oh, I, I would definitely get away with it if I just paid like homeless guys to throw rocks at somebody like, just like Once every two years. Unless you start paying them too much and then they started their own life. True. You gotta pay them just enough to keep 'em on the streets. Oh, For sure. I I I would like giving him like heroin and shit. Smart. Keep keep 'em like Yeah. I'd keep 'em highly Addicted, highly poor on the streets. Constantly. If private eye would be nice, the private eye. I, I really want to start. I'm like, I could, like, you could, I could follow one person. I could like put out the money to like follow, just get the full detail. Like one of my brothers is like, what are they really up to? You could just even pay one of them to do it. True. Got private eye for me. Because you're gonna be like on the, you know, on the road doing shows and Stuff. I'd have to for my alibi. I'd have to, I'd probably try to leave the country, but I would like to private eye.


I don't think You should leave the country now. Your kids are really abandoned. No, that's true. Yeah, that's true. They're gonna Be strippers now. No, I'm saying for like a week while, oh, week whenever. Crime my order. I wanna leave the country while it happens. So I come back and No, That's very obvious. Just go to Minneapolis. You're fine. A Good point. Yeah, that's true. True. I do, I'll do hilarity at Cleveland. Go Do hilarity at Cleveland. Some guy's getting pelted with stones. But yeah. I, I like thought about that last night. Like, would it be an overreach if I had like a private investigator? Like follow No. Yeah. Right. I wouldn't be crazy. Not like, not like out of a, almost as a precautionary or it's like she started dating someone to like follow Sure. Look Into their family. Yeah. Look, the whole family. You're not gonna wanna know what she's doing though. 'cause there's a certain like sexual component. You're not gonna, I don't Want that. I'm saying the guy, I'm not gonna like spy on that.


That would be Oh yeah. Just spy on the guy. Yeah. His whole family. All that. You see the Black Mirror episode where the mom has the thing Yes. Where she can watch the daughter. Yes. There's there's a thing on Black Mirror where they had a, the mom can like see her daughter at all times and it just like watched her daughter have Sex. It was Oh, that's not something you want. It was rough. Yeah. That's, that's not good. Yeah. I don't want that. But I just wanna like, just keep tabs on because it's like, you know, dudes can be just fucking, just dastardly piece of shit. Yeah. Like a very, there's like guys out there, I'd like to believe she maybe One will be gay. That'd be ideal. Women are also crazy though. Yeah. Trying to, A little physical abuse. I would take over emotional abuse. Yeah, true. Yeah. Women can really fuck you up, like mentally.


For Sure. That's the weapon. I specialize in it. Yeah. Can you really, you can fuck with somebody. What's your, what's your go-to move, Break up with you, block you come back. Oh, No, no. And then what The breakup, they come back. It's like this cycle. It's like a cyclical cycle. Yeah. And it's mostly I'm doing that because they're not good for me. But then I'm also just in this chaotic se it's like kinda like my childhood, you know? Right, right. Fighting, going back fighting. But how's that weaponized against the other person? Do, You, Know. Deep down. Like, like how would you like just try to absolutely like wreck someone mentally. It depends what I want to like, make them like more into me or make them miss me. Like, you know, post Fuck, this is so scary. Very scary.


It depends what I wanna do. What is my mission? Tell me my mission. Just to like knock them down. Just like try to devastate them or make them feel bad. I mean you could just do jokes about them. Ah, That sucks. Yeah. I, I, I Was like talking to this doorman and I remember one time he's like, I don't just open doors. I'm like, when you open windows, That's pretty fucking funny. Yeah. I mean like you could, it's so easy to do. Yeah. 'cause men's egos are so fragile. Yeah. Well also it's like, dude, or Like your dick is you suck in bed. Nuclear. Like, there's just so many things you Do. Penis your penis sucks as a new, that's like nuclear option. Like I and I, it's one the thing as a man, you have to wander. Like, what does she really think about this?


And it's like, you don't want to know. Obviously I've, I've like, I've went into that cave before in previous relationships. Like, just tell me and it's just like crippling. You're like, wait, what, What did you ask them in terms of what, like what they think about you as a person? No, I don't care about that. I was like, how big is my dick compared to all the other dicks? Oh, that's A tough Question. No, I, that's a tough question. I thought I wanted the answers and I was just like, really? This the last guy you're with? Okay. Fuck. But it's, Beds are huge. Dicks usually are not great in bed though. I will say that. I'd rather an average, I'd rather an average, average sized dick. A guy. I'd rather an average sized guy that does all this stuff than a guy that like sticks a finger in for a second, then has sex with you on, you Congratulate you just won over our entire fan base. Dude, if you're worried about it for a second.


Love You guys. Can you put this to the beginning Of the ash? Can You move this to the beginning? I'll Do one of that A Chili's. Dicks are where it's at. I'll do, I'll do that from like, you know, the chili Dicks are where it's at. Nobody wants a big Dick. This girl, this makes a lot of sense, man. I really like the way she's fucking thinking. I, I, I also look and I could be, I could just, you know, I, I'm not like trying to talk about guys with big dicks. Like, they're like bad. But I, I feel like they do carry a more of a machiavellian kind of personality. Yeah. 'cause they have this big dick, but usually that's all they do is have a big dick. Yeah. So it's like if you just have that and like, don't do foreplay, you don't do anything about like, for someone else. It's like, it just sucks. It's not Great. Yeah. Eventually it all, I, I knew, I knew one guy in my life who was, you know, we, it was like someone, we do him.


We had like the, we kind of like a professional relationship and he, he apparently had a giant dick and he remember him telling me like, bro, he's like living with this lady. And I remember being like, man, she's really putting up with a lot. And he's like, I'm controlling her mind with my dick. And that was what he told me. And it it for a minute, I was like, maybe he is. I'm like, well, good for him. Some girls are size queens and they want a huge dick. But It all fell apart. It did. It did. Eventually I think she found, maybe found a bigger dick. That's a problem. Someone finds another big dick. You gotta I guess you gotta like flip a lot of stones. But eventually you find another one, you're like, You find another. But now this guy could do more damage than the other guy. True. If you're like really into big dicks, you I guess you would put up a Lot. Yeah. But it all came crashing down because I remember being like, man, that's a thing. I didn't know that. And eventually like he got kicked outta the house and I was like, well mind control.


MK Ultra is apparently CS too is fucking, yeah. But yeah, it was a, it was kind of a, it was like a weird thing. That's never really been my play. I've never tried to like, like control a woman's mind. I don't know if this, I didn't know it was an option. I didn't know. You just like, I Dunno if this guy was controlling her mind either. I Don't think he did. I got kicked out of her house. Yeah. And she called the police on him. I sound like we Like kept all his money. Same person. Where's this guy from Pennsylvania? Well, I've dated some Pennsylvania trash. Really? Keep going. True. He didn't have a huge dick though. Yeah. This guy he called it. Yeah. But he, yeah, it was always, I, I've always been kind of fascinated. So as a guy too, like you'll just be like chilling with the guy for a long time. Then you just learn he has a huge dick and you're like, what the fuck You've been keeping?


Who cares? That's like Not a thing. I don't care anymore. I don't care anymore. But I, it was just, it's Well, sorry, what were you saying? You don't think it's a thing? I don't like, I get it. Some people really love huge dicks, but to me it's like what you can do with it. Like what your other skills are kind of are better than just having like this one thing you're Yeah, True. Because You are like, you're not even necessarily good at it. You just have it. Okay. So like when it goes like all the way to the back, you're saying like, take it Or leave it. I told the guy, I was like, Hey, I don't come like that. And he's like, oh, what should I do? He's like, 'cause girls just be coming from that. So like, he didn't even know. I was like, well first of all, a lot of them are lying to you, but like, he's almost 40 and like, he did not even know that. He's like, oh, I just, I have girls just be coming like that.


I'm like, yeah, not most of Them. It's a sick answer though. I'm gonna do my wife that and be like, girls usually just be coming from that dude. I don't know what to say. He's Like, so what should I do? It's like, so this guy doesn't even know. Yeah. Well he didn't know to like, put it in and go fast as possible. Jack the jackhammer move, that's actually his only move. He's like in another world. Like, this isn't for you. This is for me. I mean. Oh, for sure. It's for him. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. That is a, that is very funny. Yeah. I don't know man. I, I don't, I don't have, I used to be like, as a younger man, I was very like, hung up. I'd be like, oh my God. Like, you know, where do I stand? And then you get older, you're like, what the fuck man, I don't care. But it doesn't matter. It's one of those things too.


It's like, it's, there's an expiration date on that. If you're like, priding yourself at being awesome at sex, it's like, well guess what, dude, There's, yeah. And also this guy was like, well the one thing you shouldn't talk about is how a guy has sex. And I'm like, that should have tipped me off that he is not good. What do you mean to talk about? He's like, You shouldn't like I guess criticize how a man is in bed. And I was like, I should probably think this is not gonna be good. Like, if you don't wanna hear any feedback. Yeah. That's also such a funny thing to be like, look, it's just kind of impolite for you to like tell, you Know, Can you please don't leave me a bad Yelp review. Actually that's not gonna be great for me. I, I went on a one online date with a person. This was the most I mean this was diabolical. And I, I don't think they genuinely did it on purpose, but this lady was very into LSD.


She was like, you know it, she was working with like kids with disabilities and she's like, I want to give it to them. And I remember being like, that's pretty nuts. You shouldn't do that. Right. But she, she told me this. I was like, I always would. That was like my big icebreaker. I'm like, what? Like what's like the weirdest date you ever went on? And this lady was like, one time I brought some acid to this guy's apartment and like he never did it before. And we were like tripping on acid. And we started having sex and halfway through I stopped and I was like, I'm sorry, But. you have the smallest penis I've ever Seen. She's like, I gotta stop. And she just like got off and just chilled in his apartment and like finished the acid or whatever. And then she said the guy the whole time was watching like motivational videos on his YouTube while she just kinda like sat on her phone.


Why didn't he just leave? It was his apartment. Why didn't she just leave? She's a fucking psycho. I don't know. But she like broke this down to him being like, bro, like you don't understand. Like, this is crazy. I've never encountered anything like this. A dick's so small A dick's. Like, I can't, like we just have to stop right now. And then I think she, I've dated some guys with small dicks. Really? I went on a streak of small dicks for a lot of years. That's Kind of sick. It was, but at one point you just look at it, you're like, I feel almost like a pedophile. This is like kind of what This is like, kind of gross. It's Very small. You just lost half the fan base. Fuck. Aren't they pedophiles? No, Guys. I'm kidding. That is very funny. Yeah. That's gotta be Well, that, that's a I mean.


It is the old Louie bit where he is like, you don't know what it is until you get, you have to go on an entire day. Was it, did he He think he did. Maybe he did. I don't know. Maybe I wrote that. I'm a fucking comedic genius. But the, the, Is that what the podium is for? Well, did you notice my podium's so big and I guess is so it's, and Listen, it's a, it's a big dick energy move. This is pH. This is a very small energy. But I did do that consciously. 'cause it made me laugh to be like at a gigantic Podium. I love it. Thank. You. But the maybe subconsciously it is thing a conversation. But the, what the fuck? I don't even remember what the fuck I was saying. Oh, that is, that is crazy. To just go on a streak and then it's like, you can't, can't, I Wasn't trying.


It was happening. Seeking it out would be crazy though if you started like matching them up. Yeah, it Was, it was just small. How Accurately do you think you can predict just looking at a person? I Have no idea. So It, it's just a total, I Have no idea. Question mark. Yeah. I have no, you can't go by feet size. You really can't. For me, I, I have no idea. My friend can tell pretty accurately, but I have no idea. That's crazy. Yeah. How does your friend, I don't know. She just has a gift. I think she has, she's Gifted. Yeah. She's gifted. Yeah. 'cause the thing is, you can't then, like, you have a responsibility as you can't like leave the guy and be like, dude, your dick's just not cut the mustard. 'cause then it's like, that's, that's terrible. So you have to like, just kind of wait. What do you do? Because you have to wait it out for a little bit and eventually be like, look, I don't think No I mean. I remember one time I was like talking to this guy and he was like, oh, I just wanna let you know, have a small dick.


Like we were at a, that's honorable place. And then like, I was like, All. right. Well, I'll like jerk you off, but like, I'm not gonna like take a number and have that Yeah. Add it to my roster. True, True. Bring down the mean, the mean average. But listen, when a guy tells you has a small dick, he does usually, Yeah. The power move is when it's average and you go super small. Yeah. And then they go, It's like three inches bad. Yeah. And you're like, oh, it's six. That's great. Yeah, That's exactly, that's kind of my move to be like, it's so small. And they go, that's not that bad. You are like, well, you know, whatever. Right. They're like pleasantly surprised. Exactly. Yeah. That is really, Especially the whole time on the date You are like, you're eating like, how's your food? Like, by the way, my fucking dick is tiny dude. But then sometimes it, you sometimes it is tiny and you're like, oh, you were not lying Honest Dave, at that point.


You're honest, Dave. Yeah. I Told you what you were in for was not good. I, I think that's actually, that's a good, that's a noble thing though, to be like, look, I I got a small fucking dick. It's kind of freeing. I I would think so. And then you could also, if you date this person, just like get away with so much because their dick is so small. Oh, You, you're saying you can like denigrate them or, or just be like, or you could just cheat. It's like whatcha gonna do? Yeah. Like, dude, Good luck finding another person to put up with that. Yeah, true. Be like, look, I would love you if your dick was bigger, but it's not So, I have to cheat On you. I do love you, but I don't like you. I don't like you at all. So, I do have to, I have to do this because of you. If you have a small dick, you have to be good at other stuff. For sure. And that's why these big dick guys are not Yeah, That's true. You gotta be very good.


I, I've the one thing that is crushing in terms of from a celebrity perspective, then you get like, well-known celebrities with small penises and that kind of like hits the streets. What was that guy's name that cheated on his wife with the nanny. And he had a small dick, white guy, curly hair. I don't know. I was thinking, I know Arnold Schwarzenegger took down his nanny, but he, I don't know. I'd imagine he doesn't have the MicroPen. That'd be Crazy. The talented Mr. Ripley he was in. Yeah. Who's that guy? Not Matt Damon, the other one. Ben. Not Ben Ley? No, no, no. JLo wouldn't put up with that. Probably not. Probably bit of a size queen. I don't know. I I'm trying to think of the No, It's the other, it's the guy in it.


The talented. So it's not Ben Affleck. It's not Ben ck. Who's the other guy? Jude Law. Jude Law. Jude Law. Really? He's a hunk. I know. And he is got a small dick from what I, what I've heard. I don't know. Okay. That's, yeah. But he's so handsome though, right? Wouldn't it be kind of like, that would really Be a small and thin is bad. Yeah. To at least be thick thickish. Just not like a finger. Okay. More like one and a half, Like two at least. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Even if they're like two pinkies, that's not bad. Oh, you're saying like, I'm just saying like, you prefer two thumbs wide length. I got you. But two pinkies. But you'll take two pinkies. Pinkies is serviceable. Two pinkies is serviceable.


It's on the low end One index finger finger. You're talking about getting probed. You're talking about getting probed. Is that out? No. For real. I'm not. I'm not, I'm not dick bragging at all. Is that out there? I don't know. That's crazy. I've never, okay. I've never come across that. Damn. I was feeling real good about myself. I was like, what A fucking, I'm sure there piece of shit if this airs in China. I'm sure there are some guys with that. Yeah, that's, I have they done the smallest in the planet? I think the smallest in the planet. The planet. I hope they're like, some guy's like, wait, have you gone to Jupiter and seen what the dicks are like out there? Have they done smallest in the planet? North Korea? Yeah. He's got, he's known for the smallest piece. North Korea. So how does that work? They didn't have like a Oh, they had a contest, didn't they?


They actually had a, I I actually, yeah, I, I, I read about this. They had a small dick contest and they found the guy who had like the smallest dick in the world. So, I. Think it was like trying to raise awareness to be like, look, guys, let's destigmatize. That's just gonna make him wanna kill himself. More Smallest Dick in the world. At that point though, you'd have to just laugh. Take dude have, It's so crazy. It's A butt the smallest dick in the, and then you'd know for, you'd know where you stand, half the tortures, not knowing where you stand. Right. If you're just the worst, you're like, but I have huge balls. My balls are just huge. Yeah. That would be you spray, I'm gonna stick my dick in there and my balls. So You are gonna get everything You spray like a ungodly amount of car out of your tiny figure. You're you're getting everything, man. Yeah. That is a, it's an issue.


And that's one that's one guys are sensitive about. And you know, it's man I. just wish my brothers out there could just, you know, just be free and who they Are. Average is the best. I think so too. It's best of both world. Best of all worlds is hard worker, hard worker. you know, you can get a little something going in sweatpants, something crazy, nothing to brag about. Right. If there's nothing there, that's a real turnoff. But also for a woman, you really don't know. I. mean I. guess there's no way to know either. If a woman's vagina is like huge. Yeah. There's no way. That's a absolute You have, you can't tell at All. Right. So you just have to go in, you're both like this. Fingers crossed. We have no idea if this is gonna be a match or not. Yeah. I mean. Yeah. People should, I, I, yeah.


I would like to think people should be more like just kind of gracious about it and be like, Hey, you know, I, I didn't really think that worked out very well. I'll take, I'll be willing to accept my half the responsibility and you know, let's say I wish you the best and maybe we find a good match. I had a, a boy, an ex-boyfriend who said that like, he had sex with a woman and it was just like hollow inside. He also didn't have a big dick. And I was like, so what do you do? He is like, you just try and hit the walls. Yeah. You, That was so funny. You gotta lean. Yeah. I guess you'd have to lean to either side. Yeah. You just, I didn't think this, I think I did this wrong. Again, That's All, right? I yeah, that's, It's all coming off I think. Good. You caught yourself on that. I, I But yeah, that is, I feel bad. That's the thing too. Like, you know, 'cause it's, I feel bad for her. There could be a lady that has a like, literally gigantic vagina.


I think there are. Yeah. It's Just, I think I've dated guys who have said that. I'm like, is that a real thing? And they're like, yeah, I've only ever come across one in my entire life. And it was, I was, I was gracious about it. I was like, Thank You for letting me, you know, inside You do that. Yeah. Like Thank You, you've obviously, you know, I'm in the Hall of the Titans, but like, like Thank You for allowing me in here to tell health. And you Were, and then what happened? You were just like, I'm out. 'cause you're loose puss. It was, there's a lot of other stuff going on. You Just make it about something else. Yeah, I, yeah. I mean I would just kind of just, just not respond. But the kind of Daly. But no, I would, I would really just be like, yeah, you know, I don't, I don't, I'd wait like a week or two and then be like, dude, I'm, you know, this just isn't, you know, I'm so busy. Oh, I, I have a lot going on. You're a great person. But the, the, yeah.


you know, it's, I'm Toing pretty hard. It's gonna be hard for me to like, keep this up. But. you were actually, I I. just, I need to find someone with a bigger pussy. Yeah. You're Actually a little too small for me. Yeah, exactly. I, I like to be completely lost. Completely lost and disoriented. Like a float tank. I. just get in there and I'm like, what the fuck's going on? What's going on here? Start meditating. Yeah. I wish people would've, the the problem is, is like, I'll argue with my wife and then I'll come in from the shower naked and just like a tiny flas of penis. And it's like, you Coming from an argument like That? Yeah. I walk in. I'm, I'm begging for it. I'm begging. I love to be punished, but I'm like coming in. I'll, I'll do that. You won't even like get a little thing going.


If I have, if I have like, the time to do it, if I'm like thinking about it, I I mean I'll always get a little thing that's like, okay, good first step. But the, sometimes I'll just be like, you know, like getting ready for bed and we'll like be in that like, silent zone of like huffing and puffing and I'll just like, I'll walk in in my head. I'm like, I dare. I know. She's like this fucking look at this piece of shit. Like, and she's definitely, I know you're proud. She's definitely, she's definitely, I love when someone does that and you're like, I fucking hate you so much right now. There's no way I would ever touch you. I'd rather you go fuck a homeless person than me. Touch you. But is she like, sometimes she gives in 'cause she just knows. What do you say give in? I'm talking about she's mad. I'm talking about she's looking at me and, and I know she's mad at me already. So she's seeing me naked and just like my, I have like fucking pimples on my butt and tiny flacid penis.


I know she's being like, gross. Yeah. But I'm like, and I'm looking at her like, say something I fucking dare You. are you talking about me being like, trying to parlay that into a sexual advance? Yeah. Be like, she's mad at you. And then you come in and you're like, huh, We gotta we gotta be fighting really bad for it to kind of go to like sexual. That has happened. I've Had sex with people where I'm like, this is almost rape. Where you're like, I'm so not into this. I hate this. I'm just like praying for it to end. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that also hurts the guy's ego. But the Not enough to stop. He's like, this hurts, but I'm gonna keep going. That that's where you got, that's where you guys we're like, what?


I'm gonna deal With that. Yeah. That's for you guys. But I, I've always been a bit of a brat about that. If I, if like, if I'm getting like kind of maintenance sex of like, look, I know you need this. Do it. I used to be very like, You are not even into it. But now I'm ki I'll be gracious. I'm like, dude, thanks. you know, thanks for, I know this isn't on the top of your agenda, but thanks for letting me do that. I was actually, thanks for letting, Well thanks for letting me masturbate with your vagina. That's kind of what that sex feels like when you're not into it. I don't know what's going on with this thing. That's what it feels like where you're like, I'm just gonna let you masturbate my pussy. Yeah. I still, I I'll be honest though, it's like I've gotten more gracious, but there's part of me that gets resentful. It's like, seriously, dude. Like you're not, you're not feeling this at all. And that that's kind of, but then it's like, what a nice thing to do. So I'm kind of torn on that issue.


Yeah. I get it. And it's also nice too, like if You are doing it from behind, you're really disconnected from it. If you could just be on your phone doing something. Yeah. True. That would be like the nice part for her. Yeah. True. Just watching, just real, she's Just responding to emails. 'cause she has a lot to do. Just watching fighter and the kid clips Just thinking about him. So, wait, is he not doing standup anymore? I don't really know much about, I think he's gonna Get back into fighting. I've also, I've heard, by the way, I'm not trying to trash the guy. I think him as his pH as a phenomenon. That's kind of what I'm interested in. I I, I'm not, you know, I Love the, first of all, I don't know him. So I don't like dislike him or anything neither. But someone sent me of videos where he's just like in podcasts, lying about stuff and then he's on another podcast contradicting it.


That's what Happens when you have 95,000 people auditing your every word. They Right. You would tear you to shreds. Yeah. I think he said like he didn't grow up with dogs and then someone's like, he did grow up with dogs and then he said he had a parrot and then he didn't have a parrot or something. It's just kind of great. It is pretty funny. I do love that. And that's what I, what I love about him is that Yeah, it is a cool story. It's like he got kind of like, he was an MMA fighter got like launched into the, you know, I would say Semi national Spotlight. Got absolutely From MMA? Yes. Okay. And got, yeah. He was just, he was an MMA guy. I think he knew Rogan from MMA and then he got launched into like, you know, like the role of a comedian, but just was like right at the top and just got at, dude, imagine like two years in just getting your recording Yourself.


I think somebody said they liked Gringo Poppy better than my special. It's probably my wife, dude. Probably nasty wife. That's funny. Yeah. It was All. right. But I just prefer the energy brought gp. Like I know you're trying to hurt my feelings, but actually that made me laugh. Yeah. That also made me, that is like, that's one of those ones you're like nuts, you know? Nah, that's great. It's fucking with me. I just being mean. But yeah, I I I don't know what the fuck I was even talking about, but yeah, I just, I don't wanna throw shade to the shop, man. But it is, it was kind of a, I've heard he is nice. I heard he is a nice guy. But it was just a very, I think about it a lot. Like, just like, how do you deal with the people? They're, they're like kind of paying for your livelihood. Right? And part of that is them getting to say like horrible, shitty things to you.


And it's like, there's like a dad who pays your bills and they, every now and again, they just lash at they'll, they get, people get drunk too online. You forget you read this Stuff. Oh, that's true. A lot of them, that's where they get their courage. Yeah. Or a lot of people, like, they'll be blacked out. You'll like read something and be like, oh, how could somebody possibly say that? And then you get a message later. Like, bro, I blacked out. I'm So. I was hammered last night. I apologize. Yeah. But that is how you truly feel. True. True. You're apologizing for sending it. But that is how you feel about me. Yeah, true. You exposed me to your truth. And I don't know, it gets weird. 'cause then you get into the territory of like, well, you know, it's like this just kind of, this is what I like to tell myself. Like, maybe I'm just e listening something they see in themselves and they, they hate it. Yeah, That's true too. There are a lot of times they're going through shit.


They need someone to take it out on. Yeah. That's what I like about New York City is that like, if you're having a bad day, there was so many people to unleash your anger on. That's kind of nice. Yeah. Like, And everyone's just mad, so it doesn't really matter. I do miss that. The road rage in Philly, it was like, you could like, oh yeah. Come up to a stop sign. Someone starts to go and you're just like hanging out your window. Like s like fuck you. Just me and just like a Muslim black lady. We're fighting and I'm like, this is, we never would've talked otherwise, but this is nice. We get to Right. Look at us bringing us together. We get to scream at each other. We both Fucking hate each other. Yeah. That was, I do miss that. Texas is like weirdly nice. I didn't know it'd be so nice down here. Do you think that's just Austin? Or you think it's Could just be Texas overall? I've never, I've, I've only ever been in Austin.


So, I don't know. But I think people are generally like a little more comy To talk a little bit slower and nicer. Yeah. Yeah. A little dumber. Do you think somebody said it has something to do with everyone having a gun? True. Like in New York, no one has a gun. Yeah. I, I agree. You can kind of pop off. Right. So here it's like, hey, we both have guns. Yeah. Let's Not let, we're All gonna shoot each other. Yeah. That's, that's another one of my recent like just pointless fantasies I have now of like getting in a, a road rage altercation and just being like totally gracious and being like, dude, I fully apologize for what I just did. Yeah. I'd like for us to move forward through this and just try to like really change some of this day. My Wife just fucking upset me. She just really told me something that's upsetting my wife. I'm taking it out on you and you don't deserve that. True.


It'd be nice to just trap the guy go from road rage to being like, dude, I don't Think, can I I just need someone to talk to. I Don't think my dick's that good dude. I don't think my dick's that good. And I, I don't think I'll ever be able to truly please a woman and I'm just fucking I. just want to kill, kill. Can you go back to like, Shooting Me please? I'd actually prefer that than whatever we're doing right now. I think I'll be born and die and I'll truly never please a woman. Damn hurts Me. There are some guys that have never pleased a woman. Yeah. Probably a lot. It's kind of cool. But I feel like at that point you could just like wear an eye patch and just become like a poke. Like, you know what I mean? I think that'd be kind of cool to like know. Like I'll never, never, it is become like a bad guy. You're like, I'm actually trying not to make cucu. So if you feel close, let me know. I'm gonna stop. You're gonna mess up my mystique.


Yeah. But you know, whatever it is not all about that. I'll be honest. you know what I mean? What do you, what would you say it's all about? If you had to pick a thing? It's a mix of things. You mean like making a relationship work? No, just in general. Oh. Like in life. What makes you happy? Yeah. I'm, yeah. Money. You think so? Yeah, definitely. Money. Probably money and I guess some people you do love. Yeah. Those two things. I think you're Right. If you had to only pick one, I'm sure most people would just say like, family that you love. But I also, money's pretty great. Yeah. I I it is, it is one of those things. I don't, I don't think it is the root of all evil. I I would say it's not. No. And it Does. I do think at some point when you have so much money and you can like, control things, that's not great.


But if you have just enough for yourself and Pay your bills. Pay your bills and like go on vacation if you need to po like You should have enough money to possibly have to go off the grid and Yeah. I, I agree man. I, I think there is like, the problem is, is like, once you get enough to pay your bills, go on vacation and like have a nice normal life. The problem is, I, I, I would, you know, I, I've, I have that and I'll still get like miserable and that's when I'm like, dude, I'm just fucked. And that's what I've been trying to work on that a lot. 'cause it's very shitty. 'cause you're like, dude, what the fuck? Nothing brings me poster. You might just like need to get cancer and almost die. And then that's back from it. That's so then you're like, oh shit, I do really appreciate this. Now we just haven't had cancer yet. That's true.


I am looking forward to that. Yeah. That would be a total game changer. Were you like, almost gonna die and then you're like, I love life. Yeah. That's what I need. I and I, I'm like, I have a pretty, Everyone needs that. I think so. And Almost near death experience. Yeah. Where you enjoy life again. That's A good idea. That's, that's what kind of like, you know, you can also do like a ton of mushrooms That kind of does help if you, if you like, want to get completely, I'm just scared of drugs 'cause I don't respond great to them. And I, yeah, I just think it, I feel like anytime I did something crazy, like I've only smoked pot and I had great and awful experiences. I think I, I did mushrooms or something. I'd be like, I could fly and I know I'd fall outta a window. Yeah. I try to climb a water tower when I was little. Right. That's exactly, I I i little like three. I didn't climb it. No, no, no. I mean, well. I shouldn't say little. I was like fucking 18 years old.


But I, I was, you know, younger. I was new. I was a fresh boy. People were showing me their butts in the fucking apartment. Life was really opening up for you. The opportunities that You are really getting between, she's seeing guys' butts and climbing water up. I, yeah. I was like, I remember just being like on mushrooms and being like, I'm definitely gonna climb that. And my friends were like, don't, don't do that. And I was like, I couldn't comprehend the idea of like get like her getting hurt or getting in trouble. I was like, dude, I'll get to the top, like, watch this. And they were like, dude, for real. Don't, and you Still did It. I didn't do it. Thank God. Thank fuck God. Because that's not smart. No. And that's why I am a little bit nervous about that. Like, yeah. I, I might jump off some shit, but I try to. That's why don't ground level, ground level stay ground level. Yeah. But I think I'd probably be like, well, let me see if I could dart across this eight lane highway.


Yeah. That's another thing I could see myself doing. Drive. I've driven on, look, I've done it all. I've driven, I Know I. just think I would do stupid stuff like that. I drove on mushrooms against my guitar teacher's advice. He was like, what? I told him, I was like, I'm gonna do mushrooms. He was like, sick. And he was like, don't, he was like, whatever you do, He's like, just create some cool riffs. He was like, whatever you do, do not drive. And I was like, Roger. That first time I did 'em, I was like, I wanna get outta here. And just got on the, I thought I was fine. I got on the road. I can Imagine, Dude. It was terrifying. Yeah. I I don't think that's Great. Yeah, don't ever do that. Don't drive on mushrooms. It's not Unless You think you could do it. Unless it's a microdose challenge yourself. Well, if it's a microdose, you can do fine. Does microdose help? But like depression? What does microdose actually do?


So. I, I would argue. Yeah, it does. It's one of those things where it's like you take like 0.1, you're supposed to take like a sub perceptual dose. So you're not supposed to, if you're like feeling high, it's like it's, it's too much. Okay. Some people still do that 'cause they're like, oh, this is better. But. you take a little bit to the point where you don't really notice it as much, but you're, it, it will almost alter your thought patterns in a way where you'll be thinking differently. And then the days you're off of it, you get to kind of start to compare and be like, okay, on this day I, I was presented with this situation and like my brain, you just have like more serotonin, so you're going All. right. I, I kind of work this problem out differently and maybe I should try it. You should I think it's a good idea, man. It's not gonna hurt. Microdosing is one of those things and it's one of those if like, what, what can happen?


When I would do it initially, like I would get nervous. Like, I'm like, oh, I'm gonna take too much and like, freak out or like, it's Gonna, yeah. I'm just worried I'm gonna freak out. It's Just the first couple days you take it on like a day you have nothing to do. And like, you know, I, just go do stuff, walk, go for a walk. And I, I think it's good. Like, and I would go off and on. I still go off and on and on. I'm, I'm, this is my on cycle. I'm on 'em right now. But the But you seem like fine. Yeah, It's totally fine. It really is. How Long does it like last for Takes about you take it and then like an hour later you might start to feel like an onset, but ideally you barely even feel it all. Can You drive on it? Oh, big Time. Oh, okay. I used to drive Uber on 'em all the time. No, sh Is it like legal to drive on it? Not what you're doing. Not whatever crazy shit you're doing.


They're Well, yeah, it is. Because it's like, you're not gonna get breathly. They're not gonna be like, are you on 0.1 of fucking golden wizards? They're, they're not gonna know. But does golden Wizards make you tell the truth where you're like, yes, It, it, no, you would be fine. I'm telling you, if like, if you were to take a actual mic, the problem is with mushrooms, they can be like five times stronger than other things. So like, but if you find a good batch, I took one edible at my friend. We were in Austin for Moon Tower. My friend, my best friend does edibles. She's like, this is actually very low. Yeah. And then I took it and I woke up to the ocean and it was, I was off the rails. Anytime I do it and it goes bad, I'm like in a situation where I think someone's trying to kill me or I'm dead and I need to wake myself up.


I'm like in a Homa. Yeah. So I. Like, what did you take near the ocean? Where, where Were you? Oh no, I heard the ocean. Oh. Heard I was in a hotel Room. Heard. Oh God. Yeah. I was like, Hmm. Interesting. Edibles do. That's one of the thing people act like I, I would rather, I only took one and my friend was like, how many did you take? And I like counted them and I was like, I think I took all of them. I was like, they keep disappearing. It was like wild. Really? Yeah. It was your friend find My friend didn't take it. She's like, I'll I guess by whatever the percentage was. She was like, this is a very low dose. And then I took one and I was like, I thought it was Russell Crow. And that a beautiful mind, like, I'm always go towards schizophrenia, where like we're like, I think I'm doing one thing, but this is like reality. Yeah. That the weed edibles can they, I don't, I don't, I'd rather take, I'd honestly rather take a small amount of mushrooms than take a weed edible.


They like freak me out. They get like my heart rate kind of going. Yeah. And I get like, Get panicky. I always, it's just like, I always go to like, I'm a mental institution. No one will tell me the truth. I'm stuck here. People are visiting me. It's like, it's my mind's just not good. One of my thought always trying to kill me the whole night. Yeah. That's, And we were staying together and we, he was going back to this Airbnb and he chose a different way. And I was like, are you gonna come me in that hotel? He is like, no. I was like, but wouldn't you say you're not not gonna kill me if you're gonna kill me? He was like, yeah, I guess that's right. And I, I went to open the door and jump out. He's like, don't you pound? But I freaked him out where he got back to the Airbnb and locked the door. He's like, I don't want you trying to come in. I was like, I'm locking my door. You're Trying to come. He locked you in. Wait, he locked you in? Or We Had our own door. We had our own bedroom. So he locked himself in his bedroom and I locked my, my bedroom because I was like, you might be trying to kill me.


I have no idea. That was when you did the weed edibles last time. That Was, that was another time that we, the first night we did, we smoked and it was the most fun. And then it was that The edibles are a whole different Yeah, it's, That wasn't even edibles. That was regular pot. And I was like, what is this? He goes, yeah, this like makes you a little more like hypochondriac. I'm like, why wouldn't you tell me that He hit you with a hypochondria weed? I don't know. Whatever it is. It was not good. I was, I was succeeding to the most on hypochondria. Oh God, Bro. Hell, I'm so Thank, You So. I'm putting up with this. I'm trying to, I'm like, yeah, taking mushrooms is sick and here's my fucking setup. Sucks.


Do this one place. Sorry. Well, yeah, I think we did it. We all done. I think, yo, for real Thank You so much. Let's log, let's log off that. Oh, okay. You absolutely did it. I don't Know You. Absolutely I'm not, I'm like eating the Microphone. Dude. For real. Thank You for so much your, you're like, women are so stupid. I for real Thank You rule. I'm, I'm very happy you did this. Me too. And I hope everyone doesn't hate me on your podcast. I, and if do, it's like, not my problem. I Got a good sixth sense dude. I got a good six sense. And I would say, I would say, they'll say Welcome to the halls of Mente. I Hope so. They'll say absolute. They'll say, The Dark Queen has arrived. Dude, go Watch The Dark Queen. Go get upset. Yeah. Watch The Dark Queen.


These guys aren't gonna get upset. These guys are No, they Won't fucking pan. This is my fan base. Probably. I think it might be, honestly, I think you might have found you I Just trash people. I'm also garbage, so it makes sense. Yeah. You're about to get tapped in. Worst dudes ever. Now I've data guy from Philly. I'm already there. Yeah. you know, I know what that's like. No, they're very, they're my, my own life family are fiercely loyal. Dude, I know my energized communities. It weights you, dude. I Love it. But no dude, Thank You for doing this. You're cool as well. Thank You For having me. It was a lot of fun despite this thing. Well, I we're going a lot. Mics, guys. Go to Netflix. Watch The. Dark. Queen, Thank, You. Do you have, do you have like a website or tickets or anything you Want? Oh yeah. Go check me out on Instagram. Adrienne Iapalucci, come see me on the road.


I'm gonna go do some gigs with Ari. January, February, March. Right On Then I have some of my own headline dates so it goes, come out All. right. Love you guys.