(0s):
All right. Shady. This is so fucking sick, dude. Yeah, this is actually 10 times better than I thought it'd be. I told You dude. Yeah, you guys bring the fucking, you guys bring the fucking in-person vibes. I'll bring cyber vibes. You are so Tight. Chill vibes are relax and study Too. We're gonna chill. Matt, you need to bring the full cyber vibes. Yeah. What way? Dude, You, I, I can't believe you actually thought you'd look good in this. I did not say I look good. I'm Bathed in blue light. People legit thought like this was like a fashion trend Matt was trying to put on. They're just blue light glasses. Oh, people. I, I actually, you look good, dude. These, they look, I look crazy. These, they're too small from my face. They are small. You look like Gary Mond. You gotta get, Get the, You look like you're from the future here.

(40s):
Get the big black, I mean, Two one. What are the big black ones? They're just bigger than that. I have these and I have the reds, the red reds For real, for nighttime. I, I'm not lying. Those things are nice. You, if you put on the red glasses and chill from like 8:00 PM to 11, you sleep like such a baby. Yes. Fucking, These are dangerous. I was driving with these and I I was at a gas station late at night. But you don't drive with these on, dude. It looks like no one has their headlights on. Yeah. No. So I Like was in the gas Station. It takes off all the fucking hard lights that crush your eyes, Bro. I thought someone dude was leaving the gas station without his headlights on. So I gave him like the gang initiation headlight flicker. Yeah. Looked my headlights at the guy. Dude, don't do that. He was like, that's Hilarious. Thing, thing I would do. He, he pulled up on me.

(1m 21s):
And. He was like, he pulled up. He was like, what's good bro? And I was like, your headlights are off. And I lifted these up and I went, oh, I'm sorry dude. I have these weird fucking glasses on. It looks like your lights are off. And. he just shook his head. And. He was like, later dude. Turns Out I'm just chilling. Way too fucking hard. Those are nice though. Where'd you find those? That's Right. Raw optics. Raw optics. Billy. Put me on. Come on Bro. Raw optics. Put on sun. God. The motherfucking sun guide. I'm so happy to be with you guys. This is fucking awesome. You some help. I had some hell Dude. That's every, how's Everything going? Don't act like I could pot all by myself. I saw every dude down a wild What was listening to that song?

(2m 3s):
Like this is about me. This is about me and her, bro. It's about me and my girlfriend. Dude. I'm an alcoholic. She's also a drunk. She helps me get drunk. It's her fault. Everything's good. Shit's going well. Philly It is. It is, it's been nice. It's been Very nice. Being in Philadelphia. He's living like Bruce Wayne, bro. I did, I did spazz and get a ridiculous apartment. Might as well What. the Fuck else. Are you gonna do? Yeah. It was only, it's only three months. It's the only thing I would spend money on. Fucking a nice place to live and maybe just comfy things like a love sexal where you could get anywhere and then, and choose an unlimited amount of designs. Whatever you want. And maybe sex. No. Matt. What the heck?

(2m 43s):
Dude, I'm kidding dude. Don't joke you. No, you get those glasses on. You get so Sexual. Yeah. You really do look like a hacker, bro. He's sexual. You guys want me to a fucking Burger? Yeah. Hacker dude. Who's the guy? Who's the guy that just died? Who come? Lady? Who's that dude who sings like, come My Lady Butter? Fuck I used come out his name. I used to come out on stage that at, at Helium What. the Fuck is that You come my lady. Come come my lady. Nobody knows who. He just died. His name is Come my lady. Come. Come my lady. He died. He just died. Damn. Alright. Peter. Legend. What did his sugar baby mourn him? Sugar Baby. I think, I think He was like, he my butterfly a struggle with drugs.

(3m 26s):
Really? Of the Hunter Biden and Persuasion Crack. Yeah. He was white. You were smoking crack White tatted up. Yeah, It tattoos all over him. Damn, Dude, imagine your hit coming out and you're smoking crack and you're just vibing a cu My Lady To that song. Yeah, obviously. Yeah. I'm thinking about it right now. The intro of that song goes, goes pretty Hard. That and Amber by three legend 11 go pretty hard. True. Although cu My Lady is so, that's such a weirdly specific type of seduction That's like seduction for dudes with like bald necklace. It. is it works dude. Dude, why? Your glasses is crooked right now. Oh fuck, dude. No, no. You look good dude. And the more disheveled you, the better you look.

(4m 8s):
Can we not just focus On these? What the hell? Wait, I can't believe everyone's talking about my glasses. You are wearing red glasses. Dude, you look not Man. It's funny, but I always wanted to do a Zoom where I sat like right up on it with glasses as big as I could. It just makes me laugh. How Was talking to the dick Guy? It is a joke to myself. That was insane, dude. I Didn't listen. Oh, It was, I I mean, again, I thought it Was, it's the phenomen the text you sent me. The text you sent me made me think you're a, you're a believer. I, dude, I think he, I mean, it all makes sense. I, I love to see it bunked. You know, again, it's Like you buy a wheel. Not yet. I'm definitely gonna get one. What Do you do with the wheel? What do you do with the wheel Would stretch your fucking ween out. Bro. It, it, it, It. Remember, I'm sorry. Member, member, member. First of All, it's call the male member. We don't call a penis.

(4m 49s):
We don't call a dick. We call it the male member. It doesn't stretch anything. Stretching fucks you up. Okay. This thing, it kind of like catches the, it's so much to explain, dude. You talk to me for two hours about it. So basically when a woman's trying, what's he working? Orgasm. Oh wait, you can't see us skinny? You Can, I can see you guys. You can see this right there. I can, I can see. I could watch her every fucking move, dude. I see you guys. What's his inches? He, He's, look, all he wants to say is he's no stranger to the back wall. And. he iss not bragging, but he's no stranger to the back wall. He's hung, bro. He came out and said, he goes, I'm hung. He he ruined his dick. He was a bodybuilder. People are claiming to like, you can't fucking break your skin with steroids. I don't fucking know about steroids.

(5m 29s):
I'm, I'm still naty for now. Yeah. All The doc, all the doctors that listen to this podcast came out debunked them. That's impossible. The so Yeah, fair enough. The epidermis could never t shred like that. He couldn't be either way. He couldn't be a bodybuilder. He quit bodybuilding because it was just fucking, he was taking steroids at 14 years old. Dude, I don't even know what that does to you. Probably. Then he goes, if I can't have, if can't be like the biggest true. He's like, I can't be You just switch. Yeah, Yeah. Transition. He Yeah, true. He was transitioning then had To stretch it out. Well, not stretch it, but put on a wheel. I guess my, No, it's not even a wheel, bro. I'm not the it's circular in nature. So you're not far off. It is, but he a bunch of rollers.

(6m 10s):
He was like, if I can't, if I can't, you know, obviously be the biggest, I'm going to be the biggest. You know, he's like, I'm gonna have a huge fucking dick. So he Started I just Doing all of the exercises. He started joking. Joking is bullshit. It turns out he started Geling stretching. Been there injecting dude. He was saying there's dudes out there that get, that get so into the silicone game where they, you can inject with like a, you can do Botox silicone. And there's another thing he did. He's like, these dudes end up with like basketballs, dude. Oh yeah. You get a fat basketball. You ever see those bodybuilders in like Turkey that have like, way huge biceps and like small, tiny little forearms? It's kind of a sick shortcut. Honestly.

(6m 50s):
No. You look, yeah, you can get silicon. There's a world like a beast at all. You look insane. Dude. Dude look like that. Remember that dude? He said on Instagram, the adult guy. The adult guy. He, that's natural. Yeah. Obviously any turn black. That's totally natural. I, yeah. My girlfriend's, oh Yeah, you gotta get spray tanned heavily when you're bodybuilding. But dude, he was saying, these guys get these so much injection. Some dudes end up with fat basketball dicks. So they need to do, use a sounding rod to help them pee. Yeah. Jesus, Christ strong down the dick. He, he destroyed his dick. He ruined his dick. He couldn't get it hard anymore. He was like, dude, I don't even care about being big I just want my dick to work again. That's when he started his research.

(7m 31s):
I'm not gonna go into like the, he figured out like how to increase it. It's like a, a common thing in the medical literature. But it's basically how to increase your vascular system with like cardio, you know, exercise and then take like the growth factor that grows during cardio and then kind of while that's in your blood flow, manipulating your penis in the primal movement pattern of a woman who's trying to get an orgasm. Which she goes like up, he sat there for hours with the clipboard and watched porno and took notes of how women move. Did he make the squarer Video? There has to be. Huh? Did he Make, did he think those were real orgasms? On porno? He's gonna be bummed out Some.

(8m 11s):
I mean, if they're amateur here, here's what he figured out. A woman goes up like this. She goes like, when she's coming up, she bucks forward and she's going down. She bucks back. So he figured out you have to push blood up through your spongy oso layer, which is the underbelly of your dick up to the glans. And then down through the side, dorsal veins on the side. And, he figured out how to move blood. And then he said he, he, his do came back and it's bigger than ever now based on the way he moves it And, he has a little thing like, it's like a wheel that goes and like, just keeps spinning blood up and down, up and down. I'm more of a receiving. There's a whole idea. You grow your vascular system, you have to just force blood through it at a higher volumes. And It is like your muscles. But that's what makes him adapt. That's his theory. So I'm gonna try one out. I'll let you guys know.

(8m 52s):
I'll keep detailed logs. I'm all about CX. Huh? You ever see that? Hat's on porno for semen X? No. Huge Loads. Yeah. It's to get massive Loads. Peter, nor style. Oh, That's, I think that's Cal I think calcium and magnesium will help you out with that. What else are you doing? I don't know. I would like to hear more about what you guys are doing with your dick and cu Nothing. I've just been on this Trump shit. Hard. Oh Dude. Fing apparently fucks you up. So I'm a, I'm a Fing. Fucks up the size of you dick. Yeah, that checks Out. What. the Fuck. That checks out Big time. What'd they tell me? I was gonna go blind. Dude, this should have warned me about this Dude. Kellogg's Is right. I know. I I instantly, I mean it, dude, it's, it's tough though because I'm like, he told me this and like, you know, his explanation, it makes enough sense to me.

(9m 36s):
It's like your pelvic floor is contracting, you're expending all this mental energy. So then your body, now you like, you obviously like, after you have sex, you can't have sex. Right. Again. 'cause your body shuts everything down. 'cause it's like Yo that took up a lot of resources. No, I go like 10 round. You guys chills. Well, do they say you start like, in order to like They say Go. I mean, we go all night, obviously, Obviously we go, obviously the three of us go all night now. Okay. For like three days. I don't even like that night. I'm done. Why three days? You are saying, dudes please leave. Get out right away. I go like all night. Yeah. I'm I'm with you Bill. I go like all night. Yeah, like 10 rounds come all the time, Dude. But he was, he was saying dude start to like, obviously you start watching crazier porn to like get, get past that like barrier.

(10m 19s):
Your brain split up to be like, yeah, dude, like chill. And then when they start doing too, that's detrimental. They start squeezing their dicks harder over time. So you're just like choking your gizzard over time. There's like a term for it. It's like death grip something, something you get. That's how a lot of people get perrons. What? Yeah, but either way that, that's a hot button issue. I don't want to, I admired in controversy, dude, That seems controversial because wouldn't it won't, wouldn't it add the vascular thing if you're constantly getting hard? I don't know. I thought Out there would be a lot of blood. That whole thing. It ought, dude, I don't know. That's one of those things where for some reason this is what his claim is. He was like, it would, but you're not moving the blood in a, like when you're joking, you're moving the blood through your bodies, but you're just bursting capillaries.

(11m 6s):
'cause it's like putting something in reverse. Like the blood's supposed to flow in one way. When you're joking, you're kind of putting it up the wrong way or you're putting it through the wrong chambers. It's like a three part system. Like goes here, goes there, comes down here, you need some help. They'd be like running it in reverse. I like running it in reverse. That just theory. I, dude, it's a fair thing. At least you know, someone else can investigate it. I'm look, I'm just, You're not gonna investigate it. You're The tip of the spear. I'm gonna do it myself. Yeah, you're Gonna investigate. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna definitely do it. Dude, Brittany was not trying to have me do it. She was like, please don't do that. Too Big already matter Babe. Turning to You. What's the matter, babe? No, I was, I was talking to Tom about, I was talking to my brother about this And he is like, they babes will do that. They're just, they're always like, it's like if they're gonna get breast implants, they're like, baby, don't do that.

(11m 46s):
Big ones hurt. That's what they'll say. That's the worst hearing that. Yeah. What? I'm about to bring the pain, right? Yeah. That's what I've been up to, bro. That and I, I've been starting a series on autobiographies where I'm just reading autobiographies and cliff notes and I'm hopefully building up to like a bigger, answering some bigger questions about how life well live. But that's it, dude. That's me in a nutshell right now. I just trying to get you dick bigger. Figuring out less Dick bigger mind, Bigger read auto biographies. Yeah, exactly. And, and I'm obviously, obviously trying to stay in a quantum state at all times. I've been reading about that too. What's What? the Fuck is that Full human optimization. That's what I'm talking about, dude.

(12m 26s):
Not collapsing in a particle reality. Just staying quantum as much as I can. Bye jerk. Not jerking it and get your dick bigger. Dude. The the universe is infinite possibilities. If I say a ballot, if I stayed at Quantum State, my dick could get bigger from a thing I got on the internets Funny to go into science to try to get a bigger dick To Lose yourself into literature. Dude, he for Real? He said He was like, He had to stop going to college for a while. Something happened where he just like had to go. Dude, he must Went back to school. Must jacked in college. He must been, dude, He was 5 9 2 76. How, How old? 5 9 2 76 old is Bro. Now he must be in his thirties. He's got a couple kids.

(13m 6s):
I think he's in his like mid thirties. But dude, he went to college for sociology. He went to college for sociology. Just so he get access to literature. So he just went to school. Just You never heard of a library? Some Bullshit? No. They can't get peer reviewed literature. It's super expensive. Oh yeah. It's all paywall. They do a lot of that stuff. Oh Dude. It's so, if You wanna get Current day studies, like $300 per it's, it, it's kind Of So about as much as a semester of college. Yeah, You could just pay the Paywall. But if you want it, if you want like study, study, study, you can print out as many as you want. You guys didn't go to graduate school. Yeah. You guys have no idea. Shit, Guys. Sounds gay as shit. Dude, I was so dumb. Yeah, right. Dude. I could become a doctor like that if I wanted to be.

(13m 47s):
I I could become a doctor of nonsense. You Are Doctor Robot. You look like a Sonic the hedgehog Bad guy. You are a bad guy. You gotta fight a cartoon right now. They keep getting crooked on you too. You just, That's how you know you hit the boss. Dude. It is his glasses get fucking off. K. Yeah. Anytime back gets a counterpoint. His glass is tilt. You are like, yeah. 300 bucks. Dude, fuck that. I'm going to college. I, dude, I won't let you guys diminish Me. Dude. We're not diminishing you. We're letting you Turns out You are a premium subscription to Pub Web and you guys Just, dude, you guys You are just mirroring my weaknesses for me right now.

(14m 26s):
I thank you for that. I'm just Trying to stay, I'm, I'm supporting you a hundred percent. Dude, I hope your dick gets huge. Honestly. Of Course, dude, you couldn't do anything. But If your dick gets big, that would be awesome. It'll be great sweaty if your dick gets, If you, dick gets big. I'm, I'm coming for notes, dude. I need to figure this out. That's what he said. Everyone does. Everyone talks Here. Everyone cl Yeah. He goes, whenever he tells people what he does, they clown him as hard as they can. And then he goes at the end of the night, they get, they take mes. I go, Yo, bro. What are you talking about? What was that Figure? I need some help. Well, he, he's more so just like, keep your dick healthy man. He just wants every hardworking man to be able to come home and make love to his wife or girlfriend. He is like, there's no reason like dudes are losing their bon left and right And.

(15m 7s):
He's like, that's he, that's one of the more primary applications. He's like, this will get your boner work. It's like, for real. It'll it'll just, I I don't know. We'll see. I'll, I'll know more about it when I do it firsthand. That's another thing I'm gonna be doing the blue. I wear red light glasses once I put my dick wheel on every night. My wife's gonna be so turned on. Dude. You are gonna look like a fucking bad guy to dude the game of the dick wheel. You're gonna be fucking cra it's gonna be Satanic dude. If your kids walk in, They're Not gonna walk in on that. Gonna, Hey Dave, if your kid walks in and sees you in red glasses naked using a dick wheel, it's gonna be life. All do. It's gonna be do it at my office. I'll do it at my office alone. You are gonna Look like an AI prompt. Draw a bad guy who's naked, who's dragging his dick Bigger.

(15m 48s):
Y'all a horny villain. I'm gonna go, I'm go for fully Functional. I'm gonna go for fully functional. That's all I wanna go. Did you have a, I mean, you're A hundred percent on your villain arc, bro. Dude, I welcome it. That'd be sick. I love how you started working out for three weeks now you're trying your dick. Huge. I I stopped working out for a couple weeks. Why? Also Body's done. Dude. Mission accomplished. Now it's on to the cock. Well, dude, I mean, I don't, I might be off, I might be completely out of the aesthetics game. Yeah. This guy. Well, dude, I was watching a video last night and Spud sent it to me of a, it was like another ex I'm surrounded by ex bodybuilders. Connie Conor Murphy. Yes. Con, he sent me the Conor Murphy.

(16m 28s):
He the best. Conor Murphy video And. he was saying that like, dude, if you're, if you're an aesthetically pleasing man, like ripped and shredded, obviously He was like, and you don't have like the sense of self or self-confidence. Women will see right through that and the only person you'll attract or gay guys. Yeah. Well Fuck. I was like, holy shit. He's so right. Yeah. Like every bodybuilder's like 97% men followers. Yeah. Like chicks who were on tape. He calls for you have to just have a con You have have a confident dad bod. He's like, that's the only way. He's like, if you get too ripped, you'll just get approached by man. So hard to have that go to the beach one time. Oof. Devastating. Dude. Hop to dad, bud. Oh, it's Impossible dude. I told you that McCaffrey's wedding I just had to stand on the shore shirtless while him and his hot ass friends swam, Just didn't run.

(17m 12s):
His bro is like a professional surfer. They were out surfing. I just had to stand there, Just keep kicking The water, just like, God damn. Did you goth out? I get Yeah, we talked about that. I did goth. Oh yeah, right. Did until last day. I was like, all right, I got close enough to the water. You can't fully goth. Yeah. Yeah. And the water was freezing. I was like, all right, I'll get in. Where was it? It was in Rhode Island. Damn man. Fuck. Cold water. It was freezing. I got in, jumped out real quick. I was, I ran goth out, ran back to the shore, put a shirt on, still soaked. Just Talking. See where your dick is constantly. Yeah. I Was in gym shorts. I was like, I need, I need a towel. I need some Help. Oh, you're in Gym Shores. You get those wave. Yeah. And that's the vacuum seal. That's the Reveal.

(17m 53s):
Yeah. Full vacuum seal. That's a gender reveal. That's the gender reveal Party. And it was like 60 degree water. Maybe it was freezing. That'd be a sick idea for gender reveal to like pop the balloon and just pull a gigantic dil to box. I just saw this yesterday, the Madonna and her, it's an old picture, but she, she was leaving a sex shop with her boyfriend and paparazzi was there. And. they got a picture and the flash went through the bag and showed that she was buying a strap on. Oh, isn't that very funny? The dude's behind her like smiling. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. Spade. How is he younger there or Older? I think he was younger. It was an old, he was an old boy. It was an old thing.

(18m 33s):
I just had never seen it until yesterday. Spade's over in Rome right now. And. he has a chess camera, a hat. He's, he's at, he has his headset talking to me and all you guys Are fucking, what is going on here? What? He's over there with a chess cam and that Matson pulling his dick with red glasses on. What are you guys up to? They keep calling spa paparazzi. Like my paparazzi. My paparazzi come here. He's hot as shit too. He had 30,000 steps. That, or yesterday he burned a thousand calories walking. Why does he do that every time he goes there? I Don't know. He just likes walking around, getting footage. Oh, he enjoys the, he enjoys the walk. A bit Of a voer. I thought he was just lost constantly. Oh no, no. He now, he's just like rolling around seeing shit.

(19m 14s):
He was filming some dude at like 1:00 AM in the Pantheon doing him pushups. He had his girlfriend filming him And. He's just sitting there screaming in Italian. Some inspirational shit. That's actually pretty awesome. Was he influencing? I think so. I, I mean, I can't understand town. It's a beautiful language, but I can't understand it. True. Right now we have, we have huge fish to fry, bro. Yeah. Austin Wealth. Your guys' fucking town. Did you see that? No. What's that? No. Austin Wealth Management is like, I think it's Soros, BlackRock, Vanguard are like the biggest holders, but they shorted the Donald Trump stock the day before he got shot. Massively shorted. The Donald Trump shot stock.

(19m 54s):
He got shot. He they put a put on it or whatever the fuck you call it. And then it just tanked. So they had to sell real quick. And, they, they, I think they, they're the same people or that same squad is the same people who shorted, unite or like all the flights and shit before nine 11 What the Fuck. What's say you, I mean, what do you think? I think that's fucked up. Yeah, that, what do you think about the FBI lady who was sitting there? Which one? You see footage allegedly. They have an FBI. I'm just following Dom Luer breaker of narratives. I don't, yeah, I don't know. I What the Fuck. Are you guys talking about what's this? They say no, they say there was a lady who was like an FBI director who was like sitting right behind 'em, which makes Sense. Oh yeah. I don't know. That was like the, her next didn't match up. They said some girlfriend the FBI was like watching it happen and shit.

(20m 36s):
That was bs. It might have been bs. There's no way they that dumb. They're fucked up because to put Yeah, the Trump maniacs are coming. That was It is That was incredible dude. Did You see the RNC? Did you, did you watch Hogan? Hogan? Hulk Hogan gave a speech at the RNC and it was, it was undeniably great. Dude. I was Yo McCusker. I've been with, I've been with O'Connor this whole time. It's been so fun. Oh, just being like, bro, you guys are down so bad. He can't, that's he even oconnor, you switch teams yet O'Connor has to even admit like, Fuck Yeah, dude. Zuck just came out and said, Trump's a badass. We're doing that.

(21m 16s):
Oh really? I mean the, maybe the pendulum's. Swinging I just want the left to stop spewing hateful rhetoric that promotes violence. Political violence, bro. I don't laugh about that shit at all. Political violence is extremely scary. That was a cool shit. Real Shit. And of you got, you know, don't blindside me of any political violence jokes, dude. 'cause I, I'll walk away from this. You'll walk Yeah. That, that Tenacious deep broke up because of it. Ah, I wish they didn't. That sucks, Dude. It's a travesty man. Yeah, Kyle Gas, dude, his nasty little ass came out with like Kyle s Kyle did it And. they Did. Little nasty Kyle. It was just like, don't miss next time. Yeah, man. I mean, that's all right. It was just a little, little tiny joke.

(21m 56s):
It is from The gas. It's a little edge joke. Dude. We got, I I didn't think it was that big of a fucking deal, but apparently Jack did. Yeah. Every, they've all been like, he should die. I mean, why is, what's the, you're wishing death on a man then death comes near him and you're like, you're I take that all back. Yeah. Like for what, what are your real sentiments? If you guys have, if he died, they'd be happy. Just stick Be honest. It was worst case scenario. I just skimmed his head. And. he stood up and put his fist up. It's like, holy shit. Dude. Whatever situation room that was that was trying to pull all that off was trying to like, fuck No way. You hit his ear And.

(22m 36s):
he, Dude, dude, they were, they were in denial right Up front. I called Phil that He Was like loud noises. I called Phil that night. He was fucking fired up, dude. I, I waited, I waited till the sun was going down. I knew Phil was gonna have a couple drinks for the president celebrating the president. I was like, what do you think of that? I called him. He goes, I'll tell you what, he showed me something. That guy showed me something last night. He's a tough son of a bitch. He got up. He wanted to fight that guy. He wanted to find him. I was like, yeah. Hell yeah dude. It's kind of incredible that he got dog piled by Secret Service and was able to walk the next day. If I was like 80, 78 years old, dude and a bunch of dudes jumped on me, I wouldn't be able to walk for like three days. No Shit, dude. Especially if Pause, pause, pause, pause, pause.

(23m 17s):
Wait, what? You wouldn't be able to walk if the guys piled on you? Yeah, The pause. Obviously. I said that. Not my house. Well guys and girls do, to be fair, be guys and girls. Yeah. There was some brave women that, did you see the transcript that Spade sent you? That wait, Guys and girls? No, there was, there Was girls on his team. I know, but would you do guys and girls? We were talking about Trump, but I think they piled on him and like he just like found a little pocket of air between too late like a tits. He was just kind of breathing And. he was fine. Yeah. Did you see the transcripts? No. It was like, like all the dudes like 100% business and then the one, it was like female secret service. Yeah. The one that looks exactly like me. Yeah. God damnit. Dude, That was, I thought Horse The only thing saw, I saw it first before.

(23m 60s):
Obviously if I see someone that looks like me, I, I'm like, oh great. The Shooter kind Of looks like me. It's just my luck. They put up a thing where it was a picture of the shooter And. they gave him xxx and s braids. Did you See that? No. No. He looked the, the picture kind of looks like me. It's fucking bizarre. My cousin tried to hit me with, I look like the shooter. I was like, dude, I do not, hold on. I try to find it. Tell me this shit. You don't think The shooter's handsome? No, not at all. I think that kid's a fucking weirdo. Does that not look like me? No, it doesn't look anything like you A little bit At all. A little bit in the nose and eyes, bro. You fucking whi. Nice dude. Yeah, little see it a lot. A little bit. His Chin.

(24m 40s):
His chin throws it off. But from like head down and once you stop the chin, we kind of look alike. We, we hold none of the same fucking thing. Supposedly has three offshore accounts. Really? Who set them up for Was, did he really contribute? Did he contribute to deep blue as well? That's something other Act blue. Act blue. Act Blue. My bad. That's what it called. Yeah. He was a registered Republican, which is a move that some people might do if they want to vote for the one, the Republican, the primary, they don't wanna win. Yeah, they'll do it for the primaries. But he is an act blue supporter. And the other thing that's coming out, you know the CrowdStrike thing that just happened? Yeah. CrowdStrike, Microsoft, all the fucking planes had to go down. Yeah. O Conman missed his flight this morning from that.

(25m 21s):
From that. Okay. Yeah. So does CrowdStrike ring a Bell? He sat on my couch and farted for an extra five hours. And. he said that as I was farting myself. What? Yeah. So he gets surprised. It's A vibration Dude. Hold on. I know, I know. I'm off topic. O conman crushes na beers. Why? Nonstop? For like, like at all times. Like this morning before he left, he had like four Nas. Is there any alcohol At all? Zero alcohol. So he just hops 45 calorie cans of like just a Yeah, just hops, And. he just sits on your couch and farts. It'd Be like railing CDD all day Long. It's fucking wild. Dude. The farts that that guy's putting out from these NAS are.

(26m 3s):
Yeah. And all those beers are just spray with glyphosate and shit. So you're like, you're not even getting drunk. Like at least if you drink beer, you get like drunk. If not, you're just like drinking glyphosate ridden fucking barley or wheat. Whatever the fuck is. Is he Doing this non socially, Just non socially drinking? Like he literally just crushes Na Beers St. Paul. He just likes 'em. He just likes 'em. I mean, sure. Yeah. That's that's crazy though. Yeah, he drinks 'em the way Bill drinks seltzers. I loves seltzers six at all times. Drinking, crushing 'em. That's, That's like methadone's pretty Wild. I don't understand it. Did he give you a reason? I, no, he said he just loves them. It's literally just he loves them. Do you get hung heard from that If you drank enough you can get a little buzz?

(26m 46s):
No, I don't think so. You can't? No. Don't get it's no, it's zero alcohol. But I'm just saying like any other shit, that's Beer. I mean, I'm sure you get sick. It's like, I mean farts. The farts were fucking crazy. You might get an na beer belly or na beer belly Definitely if you drinking. Yeah, just Get a six pack, get shredded. What kind? Yeah, that's what's The D TI don't know, some type of, it was called like athletic beer or some shit. Oh yeah, I've Seen that. St. Paul's girl. Sweet I just always liked that. Which I was kind of happy 'cause I didn't say anything. And I just saw him crush a six pack of them. And I was like, damn, this guy's drinking a six pack of IPAs this morning before a flight. I was like, damn, O Connie's got a problem Bro.

(27m 26s):
Please work with a local brewer and get some fake nas and just break 'em off one time. Fucking Just make them 150 proof. Have you ever tried them? I took a sip. It was disgusting. Oh God, dude. It is like a bad beer. Yeah, they gotta remove it with like some sort of chemical. It's, they brought like with decaf, they use like ethylene to strip the caffeine. So yeah, non like removing alcohol. It's It is gotta be some sort of solvent that like, which would be crazy 'cause alcohol's a solvent. It's probably like the same shit when you're like a little kid at a party and drink like 40 Pepsis and just have a raging headache. I used to do that. It like every community party, just rail, fucking 40 Pepsis and just go home with like a splitting headache.

(28m 9s):
Oh yeah. Either way it's been, it's been delightful to see the Ocon man having to accept that Trump actually is kind of cool. He's, it's been very fun. He the edge off with those Nas, he's probably drinking those Nas to take the edge Off. Dude. He was having, he was on my couch during the Hulk Hogan speech. Oh, that's beautiful. You tape his eyes open. He was like, to All the Democrats out there. I got one question for you. What you going to do when the Trump of maniacs run wild on you? Oh No, Man. We've won and I was just standing above the couch where he was yelling just like, What the Fuck. You gonna Do Chris? I mean, dude, they're And. they were like NASA control center being like, all right, we're losing black guys at a astounding pace.

(28m 50s):
Like Sir Hulk Hogan has come out officially. He is a Trump ofx. God fucking did, he Called him the Trump of AIA X. He had Kid Rock and Hulk Hogan and Dana White we're fucked. Yeah. And Hulk Hogan ripped his shirt off. Oh my God. Yeah. And. he is still jacked. Dude, I I bet he's jacked. I was kind of curious. He's, I mean, he's probably on enhancements. He's probably on gender affirming care. That's why I call TRT now. My one boy's on TRT and I just asked him, how's your gender affirming care going? It is literally the same exact thing. You're taking testosterone to feel more like a man. Yeah. It's devastating that It is gender affirming care. It's devastating. Especially if you're on testosterone, you're probably like, shut The fuck off.

(29m 31s):
Yeah. Yeah. I don't think you can come off, I, I guess you can come off like how I, once you're on it, can't you? Like, don't you have to stay on it at a certain point? I think all think you have to stay on it. Yeah. I mean, you're not producing that shit by yourself. You need some help. Speak for yourself brother. You see me? No, I'm saying if you're all on testify about that. No, I've seen you met. Can I get a flex real quick? Are you looking jacked? Dude. Yo bro. What the Fuck. God damn. That's just the cam. That's just the camera. Dude. Don't, no, that's crazy. Lemme see that again. That's good. Angle. Yo, bro. That's good angle. Fuck. So jealous. What the fuck's wrong with you? Roddy? Roddy, Piper. Wait, why are you so jacked? I've, I've taken two weeks off. So I guess my body finally got to like, assimilate all that hard work I did. I don't know.

(30m 11s):
This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. Comparison is the thief of joy and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality, they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. I mean, it's obvious. Therapy's a good idea. If you're spinning out, please go to therapy. Don't kill yourself. It really is as simple, is that If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suit it to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash MSSP today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/mssp. Let's get back to the show.

(31m 12s):
Listen up Renters. Ever feel like you're stuck in this loop of rent payments? Just watching your money vanish into thin air. It's time to turn that rent game around and start earning some serious rewards. That's where Built Rewards come in. I'm not personally a renter, but god dammit, when I was renting, I could have used these. Rewards Built is Breaking Ground as the first rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent. Even if you're still rocking the old school rent check Vibes Built Rewards has got your back. They'll mail the check for you. It's like having a personal rent paying assistant every month. Pay your rent and watch the built points. Roll in. Use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points toward a flight or hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000 plus hotels and properties. It's a pretty serious business. Use your points to sweat it out. Redeem your points to book fitness studio classes. You can also use your points toward a future rent payment or toward a future down payment on a home pay rent, hassle free through the Built Rewards app. Your rent game just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the Points guy in bank rate earn points by paying right now. When you go to join built.com/drenched, that's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/drenched. Make sure to use our URL so they know we sent you join built.com/drenched to start earning points with your payment, with your rent payments today,

(32m 52s):
Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's 100% pure nicotine and always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like the mom and pop shop of pouches. Pouches come in a variety of strengths from four milligrams all the way up to 12 milligrams. Lucy offers a unique variety of flavors including Apple Ice, wintergreen, mango, and Espresso. If you're not a pouch person, Lucy gum is available in two milligrams, four milligrams or six milligrams. I mean, what can I say? Obviously I love this stuff. Let's level up your NICO nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to Lucy dot co slash drenched and use promo code drenched to get 20% off of your first order. Lucy offers free shipping and has a 30 day refund policy if you change your mind. That's Lucy. Do co and use code drenched to get 20% off and always free shipping. And here comes the fine print. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified warning. This product contains nicotine, and nicotine is an addictive chemical, believe it or not. Now for real, let's get back to the show.

(34m 11s):
Actually, before we get back to the show, please. I'll be in San Jose Pretty soon, I think in like two weeks. Go to Matt McCusker dot com slash dates. San Jose. I'll be in Virginia Capital Hall or Tysons Hall, whatever It is. I'll be in New York City. I'll be in a bunch of places. If you wanna see me do standup, do Matt McCusker dot com slash dates and also go to shane m gillis.com for all of Shane's dates as well. There's a bunch on there, big one in Philadelphia. There. I say the link and much more. So please and look up La Mer Sean Guardini on social media.

(34m 52s):
Check those guys out. Yeah, that's it. Thank you guys. We'll get back to the show. Hopefully Sean edits that down to, it's a very quick and enjoyable advertisement. Are you on TRT? No, I'm not. Are you on TRT? Are you natural? That does not look natural. I want the blood work. You know, mom came at me once for being on steroids and it didn't feel good. My own family came at me in college like, bro, are you taking something? I said, bro, You're just wildly emotional. Thank you. But you're saying I don't have help. You were just wildly emotional. I I I, the only thing I ever took was that one time I, I did, I genuinely didn't know It is that thing that did fuck with my emotions. Was Matt wildly emotional when he was on his roads? Yeah. Oh dude. Animal impact or whatever the fuck it was. Animal impact, meth.

(35m 32s):
I think it was like methyl. That was the only thing I ever took Impact. I just heard animal impact. Dude. That's, they, they banned it. You can't take it. Or at least that, that ingredient they had. So yeah. That, that did. I think, fuck me up a little bit for a couple days. I was on my motherfucking period. I remember that. Yeah. You became a lady, you went in your room and cried and shit. Classic tales all the time. I thought people were using me for weed and I got really sad. I was gonna say though, you've always been to me a very emotionally stable guy. I, I don't see you freak out. Yeah. I, I don't Well, I, I have, I, my my freak outs are more internal, which I've been championing them as of late, but my freak outs are more quiet and internal. Yeah. It's like a slow steady burn. It's Like the dude behind you in that painting.

(36m 14s):
Yeah, bro. That's me right there. Holmes. Yeah. Quite, you know, that Was gran. You know that, that was grandmom's bill. It Was. Yeah. That was grandmom's painting Bill. I never met any of my grandmothers. Neither. Neither did I, bro. Really all we have is each other. Yeah. Dude i's a fucking what think I am. I Don't know. I forget. I remember Tom crying about her. I'm not, you know, putting his business out there. You the fuck cries when their grandma dies, bro. They were young. They were like, I was, this is one of my first memories. I was like a tiny little kid. And I remember my brother being like, I miss grandma. And I had no idea who he was talking about. Yeah. If you're a little kid, if you actually know. I never knew my grandparents like that.

(36m 54s):
That's the worst. Going to fucking funerals immediately. What do you mean? The minute you get in there, it's like, don't cry, don't cry, don't cry the whole time. Yeah. I'm like whale hard. The next one I go to You should, I'm gonna let it out. Do you ever fantasize about eulogizing somebody and then crying at the podium and everybody supporting you? No. No. Definitely not. Me either. I wear, No. I think about it, man. I don't think about everyone supporting me. I think about how the fuck am I gonna do that? I'll definitely cry. Yeah. Obviously I cry if, if anyone else in the room has emotion about something I'm talking about You're so baby. It makes I'll cry instantly. Yeah. If I like show some, I was watching Guardians of the Galaxy again. Three. Yeah.

(37m 34s):
Dude, me and Spade Watch that. The person I, the, the, I was watching with someone And, they started like crying and I was like, yeah, I guess It is really sad. Like, dude, if one other person cares, I I'm gonna cry. Me and Spade went. When we went to San Diego to see you guys, you were performing with you, Matt and everyone. Me and Spade were waiting for a flight and we went to the movie theater in Coronado and we're in like almost a front row a seat divided in between us, obviously. And we watched Guardians of Galaxy and both almost cried. Matt caught me. We've talked about it. Guardians of Galaxy too. On the way to Australia. I was sobbing and then Matt looked at the screen and it was a bunch of aliens and fireworks. He was like, What, the Fuck is wrong with you. Nah, dude, when GR died like that, that fucked me up one time.

(38m 15s):
Spoiler alert, obviously, but like that Nah, group's back. Don't worry. Yeah. Grit is back. He survived Dude, kids' books. I'm telling you, dude, if you have kids and you read the kids' books to 'em where it's like, I have won. That's Wait. They're excited about it. That would make me cry if like my kid. No, no. Yeah. You see, they, they can be just kinda like, what like my, there's one My Brittany's mom got us. That's like a thing for my, it's like one of those personalized kids books where they use their names. Yeah. And like when you're, when you're four, I'll be six. And here's what we do And. they go all the way to the point where they're like, you know, they're finally adults in this picture. Oh. And then the next page is, they're sitting on this thing. I'm the whole time I'm like, Oh my God, no. And then the next one is them sitting on the same ledge, but then like back in their toddler version, dude. And it's just like every night I'm like, And, and, and then, and then I'll be gone.

(38m 59s):
And you'll have your own kids. She's been hammering, she's been hammering me with that. She's like, why is pop so old? I'm like, I don't know. He's old. She's like, he's gonna die soon. And I'm like, I mean, yeah. Relatively like, don't know, like What the Fuck. She's like, you're gonna die. Then I'm wanna be by myself. I'm scared. And I'm like, bro, Oh my God, Can we please go to bed? Dude, That's The saddest statement ever. That would make me cry. He's Been hammering me with stuff. No, I I've been telling her. I, I've also been telling dude, if any creature comes in my house, I'm fucked because I have her convinced that I can like choke alligators. Absolutely Pummel Wolf. That's Because you'd flex again. Dude. There's some gator chokers, bro. That's crazy. You might be a Trump a maniac. You Literally look like a Trump a maniac right now.

(39m 41s):
Matt. Who you gonna vote for? Joe Biden or Donald Trump. Trump obviously. Dude. What the Fuck dude. I can't believe You are a fucking Nazi bro. I wish they wouldn't mess. Next time. Make America aim again. Phil. Bill. Bill. You just fucking blindsided me, dude. You just blindsided Me. I'm podcast is done Dude. Make America aim again. Fucking flash. Well, I'm gonna reflect, I'll reflect on this. I'm gonna reflect. I'm gonna reflect it. Take time to really like, Think About this. No podcast is done. Dude. You made a political violence joke. Tour's over, we're gonna cancel. I was buying tickets to that. He was, they're doing, they were doing, my niece asked me to go see it. They're doing a Penn State show. You're lost Jack Black. I Love Tenaciously. That's The greatest move. I don't, I don't care if they say gay shit. Exactly. Who Cares? Neil Young still rules Dude.

(40m 22s):
I just And. he And. he as corny as it gets. Oh, He's so good. Oh, he's Severely disappointed me in many ways. But I just his playing his music the other day. It's, I've manning Bill's ass. You also like, it's, it's one of those things too where it's like you just have to understand People as Bill's. Not gay for real though, man. Not at all's. I I wonder if people from my high school think I'm gay. 'cause everything I post on anything, it's just like gay bale. Gay bale, gay bail. And even if you were, who cares? But you're not. It is fine, but it either you're not. But who we wouldn't care at all. It wouldn't change it. Even If I was, and you do see me out and about walking two tiny Pomeranians. They're my girlfriends.

(41m 3s):
Alpha Yo. It's just Alpha Yo. Matt, Reggie and Stevie are, Reggie and Stevie are here. Oh my Gosh. Just got to meet Reggie and Stevie. Wait, you just got them right now. Just got them. Yeah, five o'clock. Sorry to say. You just got your dogs like that. 'cause that was I'm de Family now. You just got, your dogs Are all them. Wow. Kidding. No, no, no. I mean, we might be like gladiator gay. I would say that dude. Especially now that you're fucking jacked. I haven't seen you in so long. How'd you get this jacked? I, dude, I've just been fucking, all I do is, it's Wild. Are you the strongest McCusker now? Yeah. You're gonna start another McCusker backyard wrestling match. Dude, please don't do this to us. Wait, are are you, do you actually kind of based on that flex you actually might be the strongest McCusker Billy still Billy can still lift more than Me.

(41m 47s):
Billy's significantly the strongest. McCusker a lot aesthetics. I might have the market cornered in aesthetics. You are definitely the most handsome. You're An aesthetic Collect. I'm talking, I'm talking about being Jack. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm getting outta the aesthetic game right now. Now I'm just getting into pure Functionality. Yeah, it's just such a jack, like, not vascular, no veins, dude. It's it's an Old, You literally are thick man. Dude. Salt. Like Brett's the hit man's heart right now. Yeah. It is crazy. There's not one vein just jacked, Bro. Yeah, we're so on. Not cul insane. On, Insane on. I'm, I mean, I could probably get some culation going there. That's, that was one thing the dude was saying. The penis guy that cracked me up.

(42m 27s):
He was like, bro, my arms are like fucking roadmap. And I was like, Steve, let's go. Fuck. I wish I could never do that. Yeah. I'm, I'm retaining water. My salting intakes high, but I'm retaining water. I'm, I'm actually pretty, like a lot of times when I get like blood work done, the nurses are like, damn. Like, you have a great, you have great, you ever hear that when they're like, you have great veins. Oh, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So they, they like, you know, I'm my vascularity. I I wouldn't really come Outta that. You're pretty popular in the doctor's office. You're not bragging. I haven't been, I haven't been to the doctor. Dude. I haven't gone in forever. Neither do I I just let shit be fucked up. And if it goes away in three months, I stop worrying about it. And if it doesn't, I stop thinking about it. True, true. That Dude, I've got deeds was here.

(43m 7s):
Deeds in the corner. On in the corner. He's a little Deeds is doing it. Yeah, bro. It's so dark. I can barely see the dude de De I. just send my fucking, you know, I'd send one of my motherfucking hitters out there, dude. The fucking room at night. I painted the ceiling and the walls, everything. Navy blow. So when you're watching TV and stuff, it just becomes a fucking void. That's what's Up. Just something I was going for, you know, It's cool. I like that. You're Bill, you're You are an interior design beast, Bro. You are an interior designer. Thanks. Why are you? That's what's up. Why are you smiling? I'm just proud of you. I'm happy that you love decorating. Me and Shane. Ha we we put the Xbox up. Come on dude. No, dude.

(43m 47s):
That's the new, that's the new alpha wave dude. Getting into like interior design. Like, nah babe, I'm gonna pick the curtains, fall back. These are cool curtains, aren't they? They're nice, Bro. They are very cool. Very whim. You're very good Fish. I'm trying to think you're, you're aesthetic. You have like a very Turkish aesthetic, which is, I like it. I have Moroccan lights hanging up. I gotta finish the other two. I got them from Ash. I like that. You know where one point, you know where 1% Middle Eastern bro? Are we? Yeah man, I got my 23 and Me where 0.1 Western or 1% Western Asian. Yeah. Right. Did You see their dude? Their Twitter's insane. They just tweeted the Houthis found out it was like a picture of a fighter jet and on Fire City. It's like, dude, relax. Wait, what? They, If you go on Israel's Twitter, like one of the things is like the Houthis just found out And.

(44m 30s):
they just like, carpet bombed the Houthis. It's just like a bunch of buildings on fire. It's like, this is a fucking weird. Yeah, Israel gets on Twitter and talks shit. That's crazy That you, you hit him with one fucking ouchie and they're like, oh my God. Please stop runs. Twitter's the worst thing that's ever happened. Who runs through Twitter? I don't know. That's, it's like some, like chicks or some shit. Biden's. Twitter's going crazy right now too. Biden Twitter went a little nuts. Dude. Why are they doing that? Let him go. I'm, you see his I'm sick. Tweet Yes. Of blah, blah, blah. What a fucking crazy move. I, yeah, he's demented. Dude, I thought he was really coming to grips with like, I thought He was like, which, you know, I, I guess that was their whole play.

(45m 10s):
But it's like they're gonna use accusations of dementia to be like, check out my fucking, please give me more money. It's like, dude, what? Yeah, they, they, he like did a whole like, reveal of Trump's thing and it's just, yeah, it's obviously a 25-year-old girl tweeting folks. Yeah. Come on, listen. Marky Up there. I mean, I wish him the best of luck if he really sees this thing through, man, that's gonna be nuts, dude. Like I, I think, I think, I don't think I'm like fucking extreme, but like, if Biden got shot, I wouldn't be like, good. Fuck that asshole fucking loser. No, it'd be terrible. Of course I felt bad, bad watching the debate. It's like, dude, this is fucked up. Like this guy's fucked in the head and then fucking Trump gets shot and all the, they them start freaking out.

(45m 54s):
Yeah. Well they had, they had to do that thing. First of all, it's like they're the ones now being gun terror. Not to their political It is just like Never the thing. No, no. You don't have to. It's just funny. 'cause like they, in order to, they have to either show Trump sympathy or become conspiracy theorists, which they like disavow. It's called Blue Andon. It Is, I mean, are You familiar political? I've heard of Blue Nun. Yeah. They're a political karma dude. I mean, they were using so many tools and it's just funny to watch 'em trap by their own tools. It is making me laugh. It happens every fucking time. Covid my body, my choice. Roe v. Wade, they, it, it someone is setting them up for just logic owns on themselves constantly. It, that's, that's the thing, dude. I always, I mean, you know, libs, libs are gonna get owned, but Yeah, they're champs. They own themselves, bro.

(46m 35s):
Well, I mean, they're denying a shooting, which is a no-No, no. I know. You can't do that. Like It is possible. It was obviously staged. I, dude, I for real, for, I like entertained the thought myself and I just kept thinking about it. I'm like, dude, I don't know how you'd pull that off because they're, they're gonna freedom of information act. All the Dems gonna, they want it to be fake. So they're gonna have to try to prove it was fake. And. They're gonna have To go Russia, Russia, Russia all over again. Did you see the fucking one guy's email through the, the, so the founder of LinkedIn, his political top political advisor. Somebody's just telling me about this. I was telling you about it. Yeah. What is it? His Top political advisor was just like, at nighttime messaging journalists. Like, guys, we have to ask the question.

(47m 15s):
Like, this is a, I know it's terrible to think about, but this is a common play with Putin did it in two, whatever he said two third, 1999 or whatever. I don't know, 2004 Putin did it. This is like Hamas' false flags. It's not without, we gotta like see if this could be a Trump false flag basically being like he's in leagues with Putin and Hamas. It's just Hamas and Russia. Trump, Trump, Putin, Hamas. They're The only guys that are doing false flags. Dude. That's the thing. That's the funny thing. It is like, dude, bill, if you're gonna call false flags. Yeah dude, I I mean Bill, bill I know, I I I hear you. If you want keep YouTube mo monetization. I don't know if it's still like this, but you have to say ff during when Q was hot, they would say ff so they didn't get demo monetized.

(47m 60s):
He did. He like, he put email out one of those, one of his journalist buddies leaked the email. Obviously He was like, Yo, this guy's wilding. And then he had to coming out and be like, it wasn't approved by my team. I deeply apologized. It's like, dude, you're getting wild. Just get fucking wild Go nuts. Do your job dude. Go nuts. Dude. Getting a weirdo. The best is people who are getting harassed. Like there's people who like work at Lowe's and Home Depot and they'll be on Facebook like, I wish they would've shot Trump. And like, guys are going to Home Depot and filming like 56-year-old lady's. Like, so you want the president? Nah. You think that's cool? You think political violence is cool? Like, I'm at my job, sir. Holy fucking shit. Yeah, it's really sad. The state of affairs is truly sad. You must Not watch the ONC bro.

(48m 40s):
Yeah, you watch that. You Go That's cool. We're back. No, that's cool. Talking about rolling up to the lows to like attack a 50-year-old lady and be like, say it again bitch. Say it again. Yeah, of course. Talk, talk about DJ T to my fucking face. Yeah. That's my president. Yeah. The true, the the thing that's really weird though with the CrowdStrike tanking is they were in charge of the servers from The, D NC. Do you remember that? That said they got hacked by Russia. So CrowdStrike is the people who had the servers that Trump was trying to get to, which he alluded to in the perfect phone call to Vladimir or Zelensky. Do you remember the perfect phone call? No. What's the perfect phone call? The thing that he got in trouble for and there was the Russian investigation. 'cause he called Ukraine was like, I wanna know what the fuck's going on.

(49m 21s):
Yeah. It's the perfect phone call. Why do he call it? Oh Right, right. He didn't say anything wrong. Oh, okay. It was a perfect phone call according to Trump. But CrowdStrike's fucking weird as shit because they were denying FBI access to the fucking servers. So like the FBI was trying to get in the servers and CrowdStrike was like, no. And you know what the co where CrowdStrike's from the Ukraine where What bro Bill this crowd. I mean Trump gets shot, they miss, they short his stock and then a a few days later all their shit goes down. And CrowdStrike is one of the people that were out to get Trump in the 2016 election and then helps steal in 2020. Oh their servers are down now. I see what you're saying. Well, CrowdStrike's a fucking company that like runs all the shit.

(50m 1s):
So like they gotta a fucking, allegedly it was like someone did some update that fucked up, but I don't know dude. I just deleting some, I think it was No, they probably hired the guy who was watching Epstein in his cell. And. he had a new job. And. he is like, God damn it, I fucked up again. Bitch. I thought I was supposed to update. Why can't I get this right Dude, I keep missing my big opportunities. Yeah, it's just real weird. 'cause all that shit's tied into like the Austin Wealth management company that shorted Trump stock and fucking CrowdStrike's wild it like, I heard that name I completely forgot. But it's back in like 2016 Pizzagate era fucking Russian collusion all has to do with CrowdStrike and they're bad actors, bro. Yeah, they gotta chill in Russia, dude.

(50m 43s):
You'll hear about, you'll hear about it in five years. Like the stolen election and the fake vaccines or That. You know what I mean? I heard that. Next year's, next year's news. Today I watched, I watched Your Boy Jones on Tim Dylan. Oh that was great. That was wild. My boy. Is he swig vodka? He's on vacation. Is he chugging vodka? That Tito's? Yeah. Yeah. Little uncle Tito's in the morning. Ripping, SIGs, chugging, chugging vodka. He's All on vacation, bro. He is just Hanging out. Why'd He cover the screen to chug the vodka? What'd he blur it? Yeah, he put his hand over the lens and then chug vodka. Oh. Maybe because he didn't want to see people watch him. Swig vodka. Yeah. But then he would like put the bottle down and go, oh, He was like drunk.

(51m 25s):
He almost puke like 10 times. He was drunk. He wasn't like with all of his faculties doing it. Right. He was puking. He just covered the screen and then let go. There's just a bottle of Titos there. He's puking. That's fucking nuts. Dude. Must I didn't know he ripped SIGs like that. Well, I mean when he is on vacation, I fucking ripped SIGs yesterday. How many cigs do you smoke, Bro? I smoked two cigs yesterday in probably one of the best days of my life. Oh shit. What happened? The company I do work for Terra Firma, they had their golf outing at the Squires Club up in Ambler, PA. And dude, I mean, what a fucking It is dudes. Only chicks aren't allowed there. There's no chicks working there. There's nothing. It's just only dudes A clubhouse and a golf thing. So we went You had dudes only?

(52m 6s):
Yeah, It was dudes only us. Best day of my life. You Get dog piled. They pile on you at the clubhouse. So you go there, you eat lunch. He Did have a little limp. I watch him when he was playing with his pomeranians. Dude, you have a foot Little Lip. I have a fucked Up foot dude. Jesus Christ. What happened to your foot? I fucked it up a while ago and it was a bone bruise. Worse than a break. Some say Dude sometimes cry. Sometimes those things you can get, like you'll get those are like calcified over and it'll be like a sore spot. I had a sore spot in my arm for like, I need some help. Five years Dude. Like it hurt. Yeah. This fucking hurts. If you get a contusion, you can calcify over the contusion. You get like a bruise trapped under a bone. It's really weird. That's, I have one of those on my ankle.

(52m 47s):
Do you really? It's gigantic. Yeah. Yeah. But we fucking on foosball. Was it from football? No, I don't know what it was from. Yeah, I mean falling, it was when I was playing football. Yeah. I got an MRI from my knee And. they were like, you have a tumor on your leg. Damn And. they were like, actually it's just, it's just blood under bane. Yep. Anyway, that's good stuff. We Played fuck y all have that. We played golf and then afterwards he had a three pound lobster and filet and shit. It was fucking awesome. And then I went home. What'd you shoot? Horribly. It it was best ball foursome balls. And then the caddy. You had the best balls. The caddy informed me that my clubs are too short. You did not have the best balls at the guys trip. We used a few of my shots.

(53m 28s):
It's my sixth time playing. So I mean really. I need some help. What do You, Are you more driver Putter? Oh dude, I, I'm Horrible at driving. Like driving So Hard, so bad. It makes me want to fucking quit. But I'm nasty with the chip. That's, dude, that's crazy. That's my, that's my strength as Well. I think it's a lot of people's strength is the the Driving so hard. It's Fucking impossible. It's Possible. Possible I just, yeah. I think the experts say you're supposed to hit the ball as hard as you possibly can and just break your teeth as hard as you can. Yeah. Yeah. You're supposed to take a little hop step. You go, you go, Hey everyone watch Happy Gilmore. Yeah. And we miss it. Everything's Very counterintuitive. Don't but they were, they were awfully pumped up about Shane and his kill Tony appearance.

(54m 11s):
Oh, nice bro. Yeah. That thing's going Brazy. Yeah, It is Antonio Brown likes it. That's all that matters. Yeah. Antonio Brown gave you cracker the day and And the other one I was, I was double awarded Black guy the day. Yeah. Yin and Yang. You got yin You are the yin yang bro. Oh. All I just opened my Twitter And. he said he called somebody the faggot of the month. Who Got it? C-T-E-S-P. I don't know. Some guy named Frankie Reel. He said, he commented underneath him, no one likes you And. he said F of the month. He's unstoppable. He is unstoppable. That video of him in fucking Dubai's insane. We defended him.

(54m 52s):
What do you mean The Dubai video? What about She was laughing. They Were having fun. They were having fun. He took his penis out. It's a funny prank to play amongst friends. Yeah. I didn't think it was. Yeah, he didn't like gr I don't know. Whatever. Not bring that up dude. Me and AB or boys. Dude, Always ball. Let's not bring that up. Yeah. Don gotta judge a man by his darkest moment. Did you see his dick in the video? I don't Remember. Yeah. Lochness monsters. That thing. He Flopped it at him. He outta the water. He's been using the server. He's got the Wheel. Yeah, He's been using the wheel bro. He's got the wheel. Big time. I, I made a vow to myself when I get outta the pool now and I don't adjust my bathing suit to, I mean that's like release tension now i's like nah, just, This is what It is.

(55m 36s):
Yeah. You're just like a fucking seventh, Seventh grader. Now step point of having a confident sexy dad mod is like you gotta show the penis at all times as well. Yeah. I mean that the only people who do that are you and like seventh graders who are unaware of the fact that you can see they're fully adult sized penis that somehow got put on their body shit was the same us. I think I've been in like sixth Grade. Yeah. Hasn't changed. Dude. I look like a Beast in sixth grade. Yeah. Tom never let Tom never let that go. And you can claim into three fingers wide, seven inches in seventh grade. Three fingers. Nah, I never said three fingers. Is Tom embellishing? He might be embellishing there. I think he was embellishing. You said three fingers wide. Seven. No, no, no, no. They called me seven. So we used to call him Him. Sev. We used to call him Sev. They, they because he claimed seven inches.

(56m 17s):
No, it was insane dude. It was like a fucking, you still dick Valerie? No, no. Not stealing Dick valor whatsoever. It's just an insane story. 'cause we all slept in a row in our beds. Like, so it was each bed. And. they just like asked me if something like Chick to me. I was like, yeah, she saw my dick. Like, they're like, how Do You Know, how big your dick is. And I was like, I thought it'd be weird to say I measured it. So I was like, oh, well she had her cell phone next to it and then I measured the cell phone and the cell phone's like seven inches and It is bigger than that. And then they just fucking rail. It was a gouge. Yeah. What kind of phone did she Have? It was fucking Crazy. She had an iPad. Yeah, it was, I was, I mean dude, it was like 2001. I was literally in eighth grade. They were just hammering me about the size of my penis before I was going to sleep that Dick.

(57m 1s):
Dude. Dude, it's God. Complete psychological warfare every night we sleep. Yeah. Fucking Retar brothers. Before you go to bed, just be like, how big your dick Phil we're in his head. Yeah. And just, and just beating your ass before you go to sleep. Oh yeah. Oh, that's fucked up. Yo. I've been, I've been in the, we we're doing the writer's room for tires and I, when I'm there, I, I put G Kirby's in the blender every day. I mean, I'm just, I gotta chill. I'm fucking Well we got him and OSA in the writer's room. Oh God. So DeRosa is usually getting the brunt of it, but every once in a while I'll get Kirby's. I got Kirby's so bad this week. Would you hit him? So when I threw that first pitch in the Phillies game, when I got back to the back to our seats, the first thing Gbe said to me, everyone else was like, great job.

(57m 46s):
That was awesome. Kirby's just like, well you got it there. And I was like, you fucking piece of shit, dude. You could never do that. And He was like, yes, I could. I could do that. I throw all the time. How'd you get him in Blender? Well, I've been bringing that up constantly. I've been like, dude, that was actually like fucked up. You said that It was a good pitch. That was The D. You can't throw it hard. You couldn't do it. And He was like, I know I couldn't do it. I was just joking around. I was like, you weren't joking, you were serious. You and he's, no I wasn't. And then he'll occasionally be like, but I could, you know. So then I've been, I've been talking to our agent Matthew, and I've been trying to set up Gerin to throw an opening pitch Please.

(58m 26s):
And I think I might actually get it. And I told him about it. And, he had a panic attack. And He was like, I'm fucking sorry. I didn't mean it. I was like, well, don't worry now. You know you gotta do it. No, you gotta, and I keep hitting him with the fucking, we don't want war. We've seen war, but if you want war with me be I'm gonna guy do it. What Beezer got. Oh, Beezer. Beja got in my head and I said, well, Beezer was being serious. That wasn't even a fucking psyop. He Just hit him with a straight up dude, you're actually Mean. He was like, you're mean now. What the Fuck. He was like, damn. Oh shit. Bees my bad. Immediately got in his head. Yeah, of course. He said, I was mean. It's Impossible not to stop fucking with someone though. I'd do it all the Fucking time. I wasn't even fucking with bees.

(59m 7s):
I know. That was funny. The if he, if if Be's held onto that psyop, it would get me Obviously dude calling someone like Yo bro. You're just fucking Mean now dude. Yeah. He hit me with a fucking, you've changed while we were out. That's a nice one. He hit you with your own dude. He hit me. Yeah. He hit me me with an absolute fuck. He was being genuine though. Oh man. Well he was shitfaced and I had to come to come to terms with that. He was just mad. 'cause I was like, get the fuck up. He sat in the seat and Yeah, whatever Bees. That's he hear me in half. He, well he ate one. He ate one bite of a chicken wing and was out all night. Yeah. Bees eats like a rat that gets caught. Eat it dude. It's like a chicken wing and a half and that's it.

(59m 48s):
He nibbles a corner of a sandwich. I a Carolina Reaper wing last night, dude. Where? Fucked me up. Fucked me up. Yeah. We just went out and got barbecue and I was like, yeah, I'll try your hottest one. Why? That's fun. You're On TRT bro. That's TRT. You're definitely on T rt. Matt. Matt, you're obviously on TRT. That's TRT. You're too Jack. You're your hottest one. I want to feel pain. You're too jacked. Honestly, don't flex your fucking traps at us like that ever again. I'm not even, even I saw you. You're not even flexing. You are just on TRT. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Me pour. Make a dude Chasm. Dude. Nice striation in there. You're not Even trying dude. I I do it as a form of worship, man.

(1h 0m 29s):
It's all It is Worship to Getting Jack for Christ, Jack for Christ. Getting jacked for Christ. Were you Out when you ate the Carolina Reper Pepper? Yeah. Man, I was out and I started like for real. I had like sweat coming down my neck. I got it kinda like gets you a little bit fucked up. Yeah. Shit. It got like a little loopy. It's like poison. Yeah dude. Dude, speaking of sweat. I did that fucking show at Helium, bro. They need to fix that fucking ac I guess I was on last, I got on stage and I was one minute into my set soaked dude. I went to like move my hair outta my fucking, I went to move my hair. It was just, I parted my hair with sweat. That slick hair. Oh, you gotta rock the towel.

(1h 1m 9s):
What's up bro? Drop in the eight, drop in the, yeah, Let's get to Mac C going HVAC system on that roof. The mini splits are not made for that. Yeah. So they threw in five, four or five mini splits rather than just switching the goddamn air, air Condition. Nothing. Nothing causes a bomb more than being drenched. It's the worst. Yeah. Nobody had, nobody had those fucking black fans, the fans. All they did. I mean you could see the crowd doing it with like food menus, menu and I was like, oh damn this. This is never gonna work. It's where you cut your teeth, bro. Yeah. It is, It's literally them showing you they're not enjoying themselves. Yeah. As they're trying to do standup. Yeah. I was like my ass man. I was drip dripping sweat within a minute minute And then you just sweat more.

(1h 1m 50s):
Which sucked. Yeah. And I was like, is it hot as fucking here? And the whole crowd was like, yes, this sucks. I was like, all right, let's hurry this up. Then I get worried about the crowd being tired at late shows. I'm like, they're so tired dude. They're not. They're so tired. They're not tired. It's the only way they're tired is if it's hot. Yeah, true. That's true. That's it. I did a Thur Thursday night late show. I was like, this is kind of greedy. Towards the end of it, I was like, I didn't have to do this. It's poor guys. It's hot Thursday late. It's not hot. Yeah. Thursday. Late's greedy. That's a sleepy group. Exactly. Don't worry. Even if you spill that on the couch, you can take off each individual. It's empty. But I'm just saying even if you did, you could take off each individual cover and wash it if you want to.

(1h 2m 30s):
What's the couch called? A love sack. Love sacks action. It's awesome. It's suck. Cock putting together. It was the same thing over and over. I had to carry all the fucking pieces out. Each piece comes in a different fucking box by yourself? Yes. There weren't any guys with you. No. Why.