
All right. Paul Chek, welcome to the podcast. Thank You. I mean, thanks for coming. I, I've been, I've been really thinking about getting you on here for years. Is that right? I swear to God you seem like I started watching you probably 10 years ago. Is That right? Yeah. Yeah. And I think there's a, 'cause you're, I guess, what's your title? You're holistic health Practitioner. I'm a holistic health practitioner. By your license? Yeah. But you're also like the, the level of like depth you go into with stuff, it's like, seems like you're a doctor, although you probably can't say You are, well, a lot Of people think I am, but you know, holistic health means the whole, right. So I, I pretty much deal with the physical, the emotional, the mental and the spiritual aspects of life. Yeah. And people usually have all those problems at once.


Yeah. And deal with maybe one physical, maybe usually Not even. Well, usually the physical problems are, unless someone falls off a ladder or, you know, gets in a car accident, most, 85% of all orthopedic injuries are idiopathic, which means the patient doesn't even know how they got them, really. So when you consider 85 out of a hundred people going to doctors because of injuries to necks, backs, muscles, joints, don't know how It is that they actually got injured. What you come to realize as a therapist, you can either just keep treating symptoms or you gotta figure out why is this thing manifesting in their life? And it's almost always things like diet problems, lifestyle challenges, relationship problems, beliefs that are disempowering, being scared of God.


Yeah. Yeah. Well, what do you, so what do you think in terms of like, so as like a holistic health practitioner, have you ever take, I'm sure, I mean, I'm sure you have, but like, what has it been like taking someone who was in like a pretty bad state, physically, emotionally, mentally, all that stuff, and like really transforming them from like the, you know, if they had, like, say they had like indigestion back pain, anxiety. Like how, how, like what, I guess what I'm trying to ask you is like, what is it like to transform somebody like that and b like, is, are there some people it's just like, there's nothing you can do or like, There's always something you can do, but it just depends on how motivated the person is to heal and to grow. You know, I created the term the pain teacher.


So when the pain teacher shows up in your life, it's a good idea to be a good student. So the first thing I identify is what are you willing to heal for and grow for that you're inspired enough to do the work, to heal and grow. Because if I don't identify a dream bigger than your crisis, then you'll become so accustomed to your crisis, then you'll just turn yourself into someone who's taking drugs and seeing doctors for the rest of your life. And that's exactly what they want. Yeah. So you're saying that's kind of the first area you go into is like, what are you, what are you doing? Like what's your point? Like what's your purpose? Well, I, I ask what, what is your dream for yourself? Why, why do you want to heal?


What are you gonna do with yourself? I have to have something that inspires and motivates them because it's very, very rare that I can rehabilitate somebody that doesn't have to make changes in their diet and their lifestyle and their beliefs and, and, and the behaviors that led to the problem. What, What percentage of people will you deal with have like zero overarching dream to their life, are just kind of going through the emotions? I would say Probably about 85 to 90% of people really don't know what they're doing in their life other than making money to try to survive. Yeah. And so that's a real big part of the therapy is helping them get clear on what's meaningful to them and what fills their heart, what gives them a sense of purpose beyond just existing.


Yeah, that's, I think that checks out. I, I really, because that's, I call it the drift. Whenever I get caught up in just the day to day bullshit of just like, you know, am I selling tickets for Santa up? Am I this, am I, and I have no overarching purpose of like, what am I doing? Who am I doing it for? What is the point of my existence? Am I actually helping anybody? Right. Or am I just fucking pumping resources into myself, like unconsciously and thoughtlessly. It's called Flatland. Flatland. Yeah. Yeah. I spent a lot of time there myself, and that's how I found you. I was on YouTube just finding like workouts and this and that, and I'd be like, oh, that's kind of a cool workout. Then I'd watch you talk. And I was like, damn, this guy knows a lot about kind of a lot of shit. So how, how did you get into that? 'cause you were a para a paratrooper. I was a paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne Division.


Yeah. And then you got into motocross racing? I was in, I was racing motocross when I was a young man before I became a paratrooper. Okay. That was first. And I was a competitive fighter. I was a boxer and a kickboxer and I, I played a lot of sports, but I became, I fought my way onto the army boxing team while I was in the 82nd Airborne Division. And then I became the trainer of the army boxing team. Oh, Okay. And the team doctor was an osteopathic physician. So I was put in charge of nutrition. I was put in charge of designing and developing all the training programs for the fighters. And I took them all through them personally.


I didn't just write shit on the board. I did everything with them. I was also in charge of managing the gym. And I represented the army in triathlon at the same time. First I was a fighter on the boxing team, but I was also representing the army in triathlon. And my company commander said, Hey, I'm gonna bet a lot of money on you to win the army triathlon. So if you wanna stop boxing so you can train full-time for triathlon, I'll let you do it. You just gotta win. And I knew that I wasn't gonna turn pro because my fighting style's too aggressive. And I already had lots of guys in the boxing team that showed a lot of signs of brain injury already as early as, you know, 19 and 20 years of age. You're saying like from the damage you were inflicting or you're saying just in general just getting knocked around so much?


No, just, you know, a lot of the guys in the team had 300 plus fights. Oh God. Yeah. They started boxing most of them when they were around eight years old. Jesus. These are like the best fighters in the world. Yeah. The only teams that ever beat us was Cuba and Russia. Were the third tank ranked amateur boxing team in the world. Jesus. So it's very serious. So, okay, so Oh yeah. It wasn't just like pounding around like you guys were doing heavy head. No, no, this is hard. We train six, six and a half, seven hours a day. Damn. And traveled all over, you know, we, our teams traveled all over the world competing, and it's a big recruitment tool for the military. Okay. Army sports is quite Big. That actually makes sense. And so my team doctor was an osteopath.


So once I left, I told the coaches I was gonna leave and train full-time for triathlon. They already knew that. I knew a lot that they didn't know, because they've always been stunned the fact that I could, you know, get up earlier than they did run six to 10 miles a day, go swimming in the pool for an hour while they're eating lunch. And then after work I'd go ride 25 to 60 miles at night. And while I'm a fighter on the team, I'm also competing in triathlon. And they're like, how in the hell do you do this? And How did you do? That's insane. Well, I was raised on a farm. Okay. A big farm, 142 acre farm by a very, very intense father who did not know what a child was and worked us like slaves in a, a concentration camp.


Yeah. And as I said to the guys in the last podcast, if you wanna know what real fitness is, let me hand you an axe and let you split firewood for about eight hours straight. And when you're covered hands are covered in blisters and your father doesn't give a shit, you'll know what real fitness is. Jesus Christ. So you, you had like, this was like nothing to you then to be that active and move around It. It, it wasn't that, it was like nothing. I had to train extremely hard. Sure. Yeah. You know, I was competing at a very high level in triathlon. I was in the top 10 overall, even with the pros and, and six USTS races, which is, you know, that's the full blown Yeah. That's intense. Elite Triathlon as that's the real triathlon organization. And I was, you know, a ranked fighter and, and I was a a a I did very well in motocross.


And, and so it, it was really just that my father built such a strong work ethic into me and to all of my siblings that it wasn't out of character for me to realize how hard I had to work. And I don't like losing. So I just took the work ethic that was built into me from the farm and just applied that to something I wanted to do instead of something I was being told to do. And that was very freeing. Yeah. That's kind of nice. And I guess the farm gi gives people like a sun up the sundown mentality. You're not kind of like, well, I'm clocking up. It's like as soon as the sun's up, you gotta get after it. You're at It. Yeah. Yeah. My father's rule was, you feed and water the animals before you eat.


And if I ever catch you eating or drinking anything before those animals are taken care of, you'll never forget it. And, he meant it. Yeah. I guess he would just doll out some punishment. He could dole it out. So you, so you got outta there. I guess that makes sense. You're doing motocross in the military. So how did you, did you like start absorbing kind of like, like health and holistic nutrition stuff? Like, My mother's a was a yogi. She became a yogi when I was 12. She'd been to India three times for advanced initiation. So we, my mother joined the self realization fellowship, which is the teachings of Paramahansa Yogananda, which is already quite holistic. And my mother was already just naturally into holistic everything.


You know, we raised our own food, we slaughtered our own animals. We pretty much could live off of our farm. We milked our own cows, made our own butter, our own cheese, our own ice cream, our own bread. So I lived a very ground up life. And I also was very aware when I was young competing in athletics that whenever the guys that that come from the area where I come from out in the country played city teams, we destroyed them. Yeah. And so it was easy for me to see the difference between the guys that came off of farms, like on football and on hockey.


They were just a lot tougher And. they, they could take a lot more beating. So I already had an early, early, the handwriting was on the wall that if you eat too many Cheez-Its and drink too much soda pop and sit around, then you don't have the right stuff to be a good athlete. Yeah. So what would you, if someone is going from like that state of like the standard like Cheez-Its, you know, all that stuff. If like, say that's starting at zero, like total inactivity, terrible diet. Like what, what would you tell people to do if you had to give them like four? I don't know if this is like an annoying question, but like No, you ask me how do people get started? Like if, if like you wanna give someone like a very basic thing to like start yourself to being actually like healthy and all that. Well, after many, many years as a therapist and a specialist and conditioning and a guy that's worked with countless of the best athletes in the world, I synthesized what one must understand in order to be successful in any kind of endeavor.


Whether it be to just be healthy So, that you don't have to deal with pain all the time, or to play with your grandkids or to, you know, be able to hike to the top of your favorite mountain or to win a gold medal. And basically I broke it down to four key areas that we have to have conscious awareness of, which I call the four doctors. And the reason I call them that is because if you spend time with these four doctors, you don't need the ones that give you drugs and do surgery. Yeah. Yeah. The first one, and that's the most important, is doctor happiness. So first you have to be conscious about what is happy making for you. Be committed to doing it regularly enough that you don't need to turn to drugs or depend on other people to make you happy.


Because that leads to a lot of relationship problems and health problems and co-dependencies. And Dr. Happy is also the aspect of your psyche that you must be clear on what your dream goal or objective for your life is at any given time. And once you're clear on what your dream goal or objective for your life is, then you have to establish clear values so you know when to say yes and when to say no. 'cause if you have no values, you never, you know, you never want know when to say no. And so you'll eat, you know, whatever someone sticks in front of you or drink whatever. Someone sticks in front of you and next thing you know, you feel like shit and you look just as bad. Yeah. So the values you've gotta set have to do with the other three doctors.


You first you have to establish what am I gonna do that's happy making regularly. So you know what you're doing. Like some people like to play a guitar, some people like to read books, some people like to watch movies, some people like to go hiking. Some people like a mix of all those. But if you don't build that into your schedule, then you wake up one day, five years have gone by and you know your whole family's addicted, you feel like shit and you go, what happened? Then you have to be clear on what your movement needs are. So doctor movement first says, what do I need to have baseline health? Right. So you don't have to be an athlete, but you need to do at least 30 to 60 minutes of exercise a day depending on the intensity and the type of exercise, which we could just call movement.


Right. So even if it's walking, you know, I, I would tell people, if you're just gonna walk, I would recommend you build yourself up to an hour a day or you're gonna end up being sedentary because you gotta deal with the force of gravity. Yeah. And gravity is enough to wear a sedentary person out. I've met many people that got winded just walking up a flight of stairs. In fact, I found a research study once saying that 50% of people seeing medical doctors hit their lactate threshold walking from the waiting room to the examination room. Damn. So they're getting like a burning pain in their Legs. They're getting, they're getting what you would get after a set of heavy squats. Oh. Where, you know, you can, you feel like the last couple of reps are hard to get out. Yeah.


They're getting that halfway to the doctor's examination room. That's 50% of people. Damn. That's crazy. So first you gotta use movement to create baseline health. And there's just a, you know, the list of benefits of movement. I could sit here and talk for hours on mentally, emotionally, physically, hormonally things like enhanced circulation, enhanced digestion, enhanced metabolism, enhanced mood, the, the benefits of movement are too many to list. Yeah. And there's tons and tons of science on it. So then once you know what your dream, say your dream is to, let's say you're a park ranger, but you started, like you said, you know, eating garbage and not knowing any better, once you've got baseline health, then I would say, okay, well how fit do you need to do be to do your work climbing mountains, potentially having to rescue people, carrying equipment around, building trails, doing the things a park ranger does.


And so, and then I would say, okay, now you gotta build yourself up. I like to see, my goal with all my athletes that I train and all the patients I work with, is to build you up to 30% higher of a phy physical capacity than the demands of your work, sports, or play environment. Got you. That way you have enough reserve that if you're tired or if You are having to deal with a crisis or you know, you get a surprise, like say the park rangers dealing with extremely heavy snow and someone gets caught out there and they're out on a 24 hour hunt to find someone you need the reserves life always throws you curve balls. You know that. Yeah.


So my goal as a therapist is always to identify what level of fitness they need. Say a professional hockey player and say, now I'm gonna build you up. So you're 30% beyond that. Yeah. Which means you're extremely fit if you're Pro hockey. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. Yeah. Yeah. But, but that, that is bulletproofing. Right. That way you're safe. Then you've gotta look at doctor diet. You know, the old saying, You are what you eat is very true, but there's another one that's just as true. You are what you don't excrete. Yeah. So the more toxins you accumulate in your body, the more poisoned you get, the more outta balance your physiology is and the more complications you have and the more you invite things like fungal infections and parasite infections and a lot of health degenerating things.


And first it's SARS off as fatigue, then it becomes illnesses, often minor illnesses, then major ones, then diseases, then death. So you can tell where someone's at by just looking at that stage of progression. First you get tired, then you start having colds and flus. Then you start having stuff that a doctor would call a disease like diabetes, then you die. Damn. Yeah. So basically just move around, know what you're up to and eat good food. You gotta eat high quality food, which means that it's gotta be certified organic or it's covered with farming chemicals, which will poison you and kill you slowly. So What do you think about people who have, like I've, I've noticed a certain type of machismo around organic produce where they go, I'm paying same fucking thing.


Well, There's a lot of one. Most people don't really have enough knowledge to be even intelligent in making a decision like that. Sadly, there is a real problem because a lot of the major corporations such as Pepsi, Coke, Cadbury, Snickers, and many others that you would never expect own organic certifications. Yeah. But they also own large farms that produce commercial food. So what they do to buck the system is they actually do research. They fund university agricultural programs as well. So what they'll do is they'll take their commercially grown, chemical laden poison, they'll do re research on it to analyze nutritional values of it.


Then they'll send in organic food under a different label. Never telling you they own that label and it's grown on the same burnt out soils, but without the chemicals added. Oh, And, they say, look, there's no nutritional difference. And so they tried to, they've been trying to wipe out the organic concept for years because they don't want to have to compete in a market that requires them to manage the soils properly because it's slower and it's more expensive and it actually is respectful of nature. What a concept. So a lot of people have gotten this false conception that organic is no better. Or they make excuses like, oh, you know, there's so much toxins in the air, or there's over spray from chemicals. And I say, well, you know, there's a scale of toxicity.


Yeah. If you're getting an organic farm, yeah. There might be some over spray or some mild, you know, chem trails hitting your food. But it's still on a scale of toxicity, a lot less stressful on your body. So the the thing is, is that you can't really rely on organic certifications because almost all of these, there's over a hundred of them now and only about two or three of them are actually legitimate. Right. So like what about like, whole foods produce, like anything they're coming, whole Foods started off good, but now it's just, just a corporate whore. Yeah. So there's another example of a place that once had good ideas, as is often the case, just like religions, they start off with good intentions and become brainwashing machines. Yeah.


Right. And as the world goes. And so the, the thing to do is go to farmer's markets and, and the organic, real organic certifications are not only expensive, but to get a real organic certification. The organization sends a soil scientist to your property. They analyze your soil to see if there's mineral imbalances in it, and if there's any chemicals in it that are dangerous, then you have to go through a two year gestation period where they will, as part of the fee, they will help you balance the soils, get the microorganisms healthy, and the microorganisms will catabolize the chemicals in the soil. But it usually takes about two years for microorganisms to clean the soil. And only then can you get certified once they retest your soil.


So no, most of these corporations will not go through that process. Yeah. Okay. So a lot of farmers won't either because they don't have the money. A lot of farmers are barely making it. So, you know, if you pay 15, do thousand dollars a year for an organic certification, but you're only making $20,000 a year Yeah. After you've made your expenses. So the point I'm making is if you go to farmer's markets and just ask, do you farm organically? Do you use any chemicals on this food? Most of them will say no. Yeah. The other thing is you can taste the difference. Yeah. You can taste the difference. There's no, if you eat real organic food and compare it to non-organic food, it's the difference between eating a styrofoam cup and real food.


It's kind Of depressing. My, my brother grows a lot of food himself. He doesn't have a farm. He just kind of like loves gardening and stuff. Good. And having a potato like from the store versus like, or having his potato versus one from the store, it's like depressing. Absolutely. Eat it. And you're like, oh fuck, this is what this tastes like. You're just eating empty shell of living organism. Yeah. That's terrible. So the, the two key thing, there's three key things. One, you have to be adequately hydrated with high quality water. In my book, how to eat, move and be healthy, you have right there, I tell you what high quality water is, how to find it and, and you know how to assess it from pH to mineral density and things like that. Total dissolved solids is what it's called.


But once you're eating high quality food, then you have to eat the right proportions based on what your body's needs are. There's no such thing as a diet that works for any number of people. That's absolute bullshit. Every one of us is as different on the inside as we are on the outside. And just like we all have different fingerprints, we all have different needs even within the same family. You can see wildly different needs for food. You can have in the same family, you can have someone sitting at one end of the table that does fine on almost a vegetarian diet. And on the other end you got a total carnivore. Why one might be an athlete, one might have parasites and fungal infection and have totally different biochemistry. One may have a completely different psychological profile and internalizes all their stress and therefore needs different nutrition because they're constantly stressing themselves out with stinking thinking.


Yeah. So if I listed all the things that can change what your macronutrient, micronutrient needs are, it would, it would take hours. So it's not like MyFitnessPal click two, like 2000 like Yep, that's me. So you gotta really kind of get into it. No, you gotta pay attention, but your body's always telling you what, when, when you're eating. Right. Y Yeah. It is, what do you think about is not eating till you're hungry? Well, there's no sense eating if you're not hungry. I do it all the time though. You get, I get in that thing where I'm like, it's lunchtime, I have to eat right now. And I eat and I'm like, I'm stuffed and I'm feeling gross. Well, You shouldn't eat if you're not hungry. But generally most people need three meals a day unless they're sedentary. Oh, okay. Or unless they're drinking things like caffeine or smoking cigarettes because those can have an appetite suppressing effect.


So, and medical drugs can do that as well. But if a person's healthy breakfast should be your biggest meal of the day because breakfast ha the, the breakfast you eat has the most effect on stimulating your metabolism. That's been shown in research. It's especially important for women. For example, when you diet research shows, like if you start skipping meals, your body increases lipo, lipo genetic enzymes which store fat. So the more you diet, the more your body tries to store fat because it thinks you're going into a famine period. So it's trying to perfect protect you.


If you eat three meals a day or you eat enough that your body's not hungry and your body's not thinking, oh my god, we're, we're running out of resources, you'll generate lipolytic enzymes which break fat down more efficiently. Okay. So the general rule of thumb, there's a lady named Deborah Waterhouse that wrote a whole book on this general rule of thumb is breakfast should be your biggest meal of the day. 'cause it has the greatest effect on stimulating your metabolism. Ideally most people find they need to eat about every four hours. But the difference is if you're not hungry, well don't eat.


Yeah. I mean you don't wanna overload the system. It takes 55%, approximately 55%. It's somewhere between 52 and 55% of all the calories you eat just to run the machinery of digestion to get the food from mouth to anus. So my point is, if you're just eating to eat and you're not hungry, you're spending a ton of energy and resources just to run it from mouth to anus. Yeah. So think of it like the cost of running a factory. So you've gotta pay that price before you have nutrition that you can put into reserve, that you can use to play tennis, to, you know, chop firewood to do it, go to work to run your brain.


Yeah. And so when you realize how costly It is, and this is one of the reasons why it's very bad to eat too close to bedtime because your organs and glands are working all night long. So you actually never get to rest your internal systems. So you can wake up feeling tired because you never got to rest the inner side of yourself. And there's more on the inside than there is on the outside. Pretty much. Yeah. You know. So What, what would you, just real quick, what would you say before bedtime? Like four hours before you go to sleep sine or like I would recommend not eating more than two hour closer than two hours. Okay. Before bedtime, You should not go to bed feeling full at all. Yeah. You should feel comfortable but not full.


Gotcha. You're, you know, by the time you fall asleep, you know, if you, if you ate say at at say six 30 or seven and went to bed at 10, by the time you fall asleep, you're gonna be far enough along in the digestive process that probably within about the next three hours, most of the food will have left your stomach come through the small intestine. Gotcha. It won't all go all the way through the small intestine, but it'll be far enough along that the body doesn't have to do the hard work of breaking things down. Yeah. I've experimented with a lot. I, I personally don't sleep well at all if I eat, like if I typically go to bed around nine, 'cause I get up at three 30 in the morning, so if I eat later than about six, I notice I don't get nearly the quality of sleep.


Yeah. So I need about three hours myself. But everybody should just, you know, realize that each of us is so individual. You gotta be your own scientist. Yeah. And say, okay, let me pay attention. What happens if I eat dinner at three hours before bed? Oh let me try two hours before, lemme try an hour before bed and you'll quickly get the feedback. It's not like you need a doctor or a therapist to tell you that that's an expensive way to, you know. Yeah, true. Avoid common sense. Well, here's a question I have. Oh, one more thing. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. We forgot the fourth doctor. Yeah, my bad. Dr. Quiet. Dr. Quiets all about sleep and we all are built in tune with natural cycles. So our hormonal system is regulated by the sun and the moon.


Once the sun starts rising up, your cortisol levels, which is your primary stress, hone sore hormone elevate, and it's an activating hormone, it stimulates the brainstem. They called the reticular activating system. It has an alerting effect on you. Research shows that if, if your sound asleep and a photon hits your skin, I can take a laser pointer. When you're sound asleep and pointed at your big toe and you've got cells in your skin called cryptochrome cells that will deliver photons to your hypothalamus and wake you up. 'cause your body thinks if there's light, the sun's up. Whoa. So as the sun goes up, our major stress hormone, which protects us, supports us.


And it's also the major anti-inflammatory hormone and the major alerting hormone. Right. And it's coupled with adrenaline. So you have the adrenaline, then cortisol in the release cascade. They follow the sun as they go up. So we're designed to be the most active between about 10 o'clock and about one o'clock during the day. And then as it goes down and the sun's going down and the moon starts to go up, melatonin comes up and it's the chief regulating horning hormone for all your anabolic hormones, which is your growth and repair hormones. So if a person, for example, now the before I tell you that research shows that the first four hours of sleep, our body focuses on physical repair.


So we need to be to bed by 10:00 PM on average. Otherwise we delay the release of melatonin. So if we're, you know, around flashing lights or these kinds of lights, it keeps telling your brain the sun's up. So as long as cortisol levels are up, melatonin levels stay suppressed, which means the half life of cortisol is quite long and, you know, and, and you, you could end up, you can be 400 minutes. It's different depending on your how healthy your liver is and how strong your liver is. But if you, for example, drink a cup of coffee at dinner time, you're gonna still have tons of cortisol in you four hours later.


So by the time you're just about to get up, you're only now as your body ready to release melatonin. But you've li missed all your growth and repair time. So athletes burn themselves out and get loss of chronic injuries doing that. So if you just remember the simple rule that the, the activation hormones follow the sun and the growth and repair hormones follow the moon. So if you keep pushing your cortisol levels because you're making an extended day, which is like making an extended summer, so to speak, then you repress your growth and repair hormones. And the first four hours of sleep should be the body devotes itself to physical repair. And the second four hours of sleep are devoted to psychogenic repair.


So brain and nervous system repair. And having known this for, you know, many, many years I saw monitoring people's sleep cycles that sure enough, those that went to bed say at midnight had chronic physical problems. But those that were shift workers or mothers with new children that were staying up between about 2:00 AM and 6:00 AM had chronic neurological problems like headaches, cognitive disorders, crash cars a lot. Yeah. Jesus I know. Cut their fingers a lot with knives 'cause their psychogenic repairs getting shut down. In fact, research on new mothers shows that in the first year a woman's brain shrinks one centimeter.


Yeah. In circumference it shrinks like a, a plumb becoming a prune due to lack of sleep. Fuck. Terrible. So the the key thing that I'm just to summarize, we need to make sure that we get to bed ideally by about 10 o'clock and we've gotta follow the natural cycles and we wanna make sure we don't eat too much food before bed because our body can't rest. Hmm. And we don't wanna drink coffee or stimulants any later than about three or four o'clock in the afternoon, or it'll completely disrupt our hormonal cycles and we'll end up sleeping, but waking up tired, we will sleep, but we will not be recovered. And if you're, the more physically demanding your work environment or your sports environment is the more critical that becomes to your ability to Yeah.


To improve, to grow, to recover and you know, to avoid injury and illness. And Dr. Quiet is also the chief of introspection. So if we don't take time each day to be alone and within ourselves, then we externalize our sense of self. So we only know ourselves by how much money we have or what kind of car we drive, or how high our rank is in our work or how our status is. So we, we actually start identifying ourselves only by what's outside, but we never really get to know who we are on the inside. And I can tell you from many people that have have had a crisis in their life, like losing a job or an athlete getting injured who no longer could perform, they go into a crisis of self because they don't know who they are without their status or without their hockey stick in their hand or without their money coming in.


And they go into a serious crisis of self. And, and it, it's, it's like having a midlife crisis, but it's really a crisis of self. So if we take time each day to do what we classically be called meditation or just simply to reflect on our day and say, you know, how did I do in my relationships today? Could I have been more better a better listener with my children? Or could I have been more patient with my wife? Or could I have done a better job at work? Instead of taking shortcuts and making excuses and we actually take responsibility for growing ourselves and looking at ourselves objectively and being honest with ourselves, then we actually grow spiritually and we grow consciously and we learn how to love better.


Yeah. Is it, when you said you get up at three 30 and you do spiritual practices, what did, like, what does that look like? A lot of people hear, a lot of people hear that term and they're just kind of like, they don't, they think it just sounds like so otherworldly and mystical. Like what, how would you do? Like, do you have a couple you would describe that are kind of Beneficial? Yeah. I did Tai Chi every day for 18 years. I study with a Tai Chi master for several years. I trained in medical Qigong. I began meditating when I was 12 when my mother joined the self-realization fellowship. I do various types of exercises. I can teach you one in just a second, which is very simple. Anyone can do. It's very powerful. I spend a lot of time in prayer.


I give thanks for everything I have and all the, the blessings in my life. And I just sort of, you know, take stock of how grateful for I am, you know, to have the home, I have to have the children. I have, I have two wives, so I'm blessed there. Say what now? Yeah, I have two wives. Okay, that's cool. I'll be mature about it. It It's, it's not a religious thing, it's just, yeah. I was married for 17 years to my first wife. I have a 45-year-old son from that marriage. And I realized I just wasn't cut out from monogamy. It just seemed very unnatural to me. And, and I really hated the idea that I couldn't express love to women that I felt a loving relationship with because I was married and I had this Christian vows till death do you part.


But I did not feel that that was true to who I was. So after I went through my first divorce, I made a promise to myself that I would not ever get married again unless I could have an open relationship. And my rule was, as long as we're getting along together and we wanna work through our problems together, then let's stay together. But if we don't wanna be together, then we shouldn't be together. We should go out and find the people that are more appropriate for us at that time. And I meditated on that and asked great spirit for help. And I found exactly the perfect woman. And I met her. I knew exactly who she was when I met her and I, because I had seen visions of her in my meditations four days later we were engaged and I've been married to her for 28 years. And that's who just dropped me off.


Damn. And I met, you know, I was, I was able through my open marriage to explore and, and share love. But then I met a woman who is my second wife, Angie Che, who I have two kids with now and with, you know, Penny's their mother too. And Penny's rule from the very beginning was, look, you can have as many wives as you want, but I have these rules. Here's the rules. They have to cook, clean, contribute to the bottom line. And, they cannot talk too much. 'cause my wife's all about business in the bottom line. She doesn't like a bunch of yucky yak gossipy women. Man, what a blessing, dude. Yeah. And so You tell her you're kind of thinking the same thing. Well, You know, when I was a, when I, when I was what I call young dumb and full of cum, you know, and I was thinking about the sex all the time and I thought, yeah, I'd like seven wives or something like that.


But you know, when you realize each person you're in an intimate relationship adds a a a very another complete level of complexity. And then you've gotta hope that they get along with each other. Yeah. But after probably 20 years of, of that type of living, I realized when I met Angie, who's a very powerful shaman healer, she's got, you know, many, both my women are extremely smart. I mean, Penny's got a degree in biological anthropology from Cambridge University. She's got a degree in exercise and sports science from Colorado State. She's got a degree in business from Colorado State. And she's a pilot.


And Angie's got a degree in energy medicine, a degree in biology, a degree in nutrition. And she's did a three year advanced training program in shamanism. And she's an expert in bio geometry and she runs my nutrition and and lifestyle coaching department. Okay. So between these girls, there's probably, you know, six or seven degrees there. I'm the guy with the ninth grade education. You know, so, you know, I figure if you're gonna, if you're gonna spend time with a woman, you, you might as well find the most powerful capable one you can. Yeah. Which a lot of guys do the opposite. They want a bimbo that they can control and use as a play toy. But I'm like, you're never gonna get anything done that's meaningful in the world with that kind of relationship.


Yeah. And, they kind of spring it, you know, it's never, it sounds cool at first, but then eventually you, there's nothing to sustain a multi-year relationship. I used to be a race car driver and my goal was always to have the most horsepower and the best handling car I could create. And that's how I like women the most horsepower and the best handling woman I can find. And so I have two very high powered, very, very capable women. And we run, you know, we're the primary people behind the educational development of the Czech Institute, which I founded in 1995. And we've had over 63,000 students come through our program. I have a five year academy. You know, it's very serious, comprehensive education. It Is, I've looked into it before.


Yeah. It's very, very comprehensive. It's not a fluffy fly by night. Yeah. You know, post, you know, it's not, it's not a box of pizza. It's the real deal. Yeah. And so I need people around me that are in line with my values. And so once I met Angie, I realized that this woman was so intelligent and so amazing and so incredible and, you know, all I could ever imagine sexually, I'm like, okay, I've just met God. And so I just went to Penny and said, you know, I've reached the point now where I feel like it's too complex for me to manage all these women because I, I, you know, I, I would have a beautiful partner in Sydney.


I mean, I lived on the road for 25 years lecturing all over the world. So I had lovers in Sydney, I had lovers in Auckland, I had lovers in London, you know, but every one of them has families and have friends and has needs. And Paul, will you help my daddy's sick? Can I borrow some money? And, and, and I just felt like my life was being spread so thin that after a while I, I felt like it was stopping me from really devoting enough time to Penny, who is my, who's the, the Buddha that allowed me to even have this joy. And so Angie was just such a complete and incredible human being. I just went to Penny. I said, you know, and Penny knew Angie. I mean Penny knows all of these women.


I've never kept anything from my wife that, that that's a great way to ruin your relationship. Yeah. Women are so much smarter than men on average. Yeah. Especially with stuff like relationship stuff. You can't get away with anything. They know it. They, they got, They got radar that we don't even come close to. I tell people, men all the time, if you think you're tricking your wife, you're a dumber than a sack of hammer handles. You're about to lose half your money and all your joy. It's true. You can't, you can't lie. You might be able to pull the wool over once maybe, but dude, they, they can look at you and they're like, they Know. Yeah. I'll fuck you up today. You know, I've had so many professional athletes trying that come to me for help. And I'm like, the first thing you gotta do is learn to tell the truth or you're, you know, you're, you're just gonna create, you're, you're digging your own grave every day is what you're doing.


Yeah. Especially lying so bad for you. Yeah. Just like, just living, just having a lie in the back of your head. Well, not destroys you. You, you've gotta you've gotta disconnect yourself from your own heart to survive that. Yeah. You know? And, and that's, that's how you end your spiritual growth and development. Yeah. You know, spiritually they say the longest journey you'll ever take is from your head to your heart. And for a lot of people it takes a lot of lifetimes to get there. Yeah. So my philosophy is don't do anything that disconnects your heart from your head. 'cause only your heart can deliver justice to your head and without your heart, you can easily convince yourself of all sorts of shit and become the devil while blaming everyone else for being the devil. Yeah. So I went to Penny and I said, look, I really love Angie.


I think she'll really contribute to the family. She meets your criteria. You know, of course Penny knew her 'cause she's been around me for years and been to my training programs and, you know, she lectures at our institute and Penny said, if that's what you wanna do and you, and you feel comfortable letting go of these other relationships, then I will support you because I believe Angie will be a contributor to our, to our family and to our mission. And so we did a three-way marriage ceremony. First we tested each other. We went through psychological testing to see how compatible we were. What, what testing did you use? I'm just curious. Myers Briggs was one of 'em.


And there's another one we used, I don't remember the name of it. So we tested Angie and Penny and Penny and Angie So that the both ways. And we tested me and Penny and Penny and me. We already knew that worked. And we tested me and Angie and Angie and me and every one of them showed highly compatible. Awesome. And interestingly, the psychological profile for Angie and Penny were identical but inverted. Angie was very high in intuition and low in mathematical logical. And penny's very high in mathematical logical and low in intuition. So they were like meres of each other. Whoa. And Angie and Penny and I had been in a relationship for 13 years now, and those women have never had a single fight.


I've never seen them like have what we would call a fight. Have you ever had a double fight at once? Like two on one? I've Been outvoted. Yes. Oh fuck dude. Yeah. That's why, you know, many, many of my students, especially young men come to me. I wanna have multiple partners like you do And. they think it's all about the sex. And I always tell 'em, you better learn to wi ride one horse really well before you try to ride to it once because you will get hurt. Yeah. Oh my God, I couldn't imagine. It's if you want rapid, rapid spiritual growth and just have two wives because the bullshitting factor is zero, it's like get ready to be pinned on the carpet. And when, you know, I always say every time you add a new woman to a chief's tent, his power is divided by that number of women.


Yeah. Yeah. So you think you're in charge, but you know, women run the world. Men just haven't figured it out yet.


Traditions are what the holidays are all about. This year start a new tradition with iata. Iboa gives you cash back on all your purchases so you can keep those holiday traditions alive. No matter how old or new Iboa is a free app that lets you earn cash back every time you shop, you can earn on hundreds of items from groceries to toys to tech. The average ibo a user earns $256 per year. Think of how much extra holiday magic you can make this season with more room in your budget. I mean, I just would love to make more holiday magic with the Iboa app. What the heck are you guys even talking about? With Iboa, you can earn cash back, that you can withdraw to your bank account, PayPal or gift cards. Simply add offers in the app, upload your receipt, and voila the money is yours. You can save on over 2,400 brands and shop at over 1000 retailers, including your favorite grocery stores, Lowe's, Macy's, Sephora, best Buy and more. It's time you join the over 50 million users who use Iboa to earn cash back every time they shop and keep the holiday magic alive. Come on guys. Don't let the holidays die. Right now Iboa is offering our listeners $5 just for trying Iboa by using the code drenched. When you register, just go to the app store or Google Play store and download the free Ibotta app to start earning cash back and use code drenched. That's I-B-O-T-T-A in the Google Play or app store and use code drenched


PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members in billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 100 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks. PrizePicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy. So your lineup stay in play even if one of your players gets injured. If your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return PrizePicks keeps your lineup live, sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83.5 yards next week. Lamar Jackson will pass more than 1.5. tds meaning touchdowns, cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks. I mean, guys, what more do I love than real money Daily fantasy platforms? Guys, come on now. Download the PrizePicks app today and use Code Drench to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game guys.


Please have a couple of shows too. I gotta tell you about these. If you live in Tyson's, Virginia, that whole area, it's like around DC whatever, capital One Hall big theater show second in my life, please come. That would be awesome. It's actually a, a pretty large space and I'd feel foolish if it were empty, but it's gotta be empty, so be it. I'd love for you guys to come if you can. That is on 1115 Capital One Hall, Tyson's, Virginia. And then also on the next day I'll be in New York City on 1116 at Town Hall as part of the New York Comedy Festival. So come to that too, if you want to go to that also. And that's a big one, guys. This is the New York City Comedy Festival. And then a few weeks after that I'll be in Irvine, California at the Irvine Improv.


Guys, this is huge. This is gonna be right around Thanksgiving 1129 to 1130. I have four shows, two days Irvine Improv. The place is fucking massive. Come on Callie. You guys know I'm fucking so Cal. You guys know I'm fucking with the shit. Please come out there. All the tickets. You can get 'em on Matt McCusker dot com. There should be a link in the YouTube. I I literally almost did this. Cut my fucking hands off. There should be a link in the YouTube description somewhere in there. Thank you guys. And actually, research shows that 65% of all the women spent in the world is spent by money. Yeah. I mean spent by Women. Yeah, I've seen that before. I, I, I believe it. So even though men may make more, it's the women that are actually moving the money. Oh, Big time. So to to conclude what I'm saying is we have an amazing family experience.


We're very productive. We all have the same mission, vision, and values. Angie and I have had two kids, and so they have two mothers, which is amazing. That's awesome. My son Mana bonded very strongly with Penny. Interestingly, right from the beginning, And, he looks like Penny, Angie's Mexican brown skin. Just you imagine a pretty little hot Mexican woman. And you got Angie and Mona's blonde-haired, fair skin, blue-eyed and Penny's blonde-haired, fair skin and, and hazel eyes. But everyone sees Mona and thinks he's Penny's child. And our second one, Zoe, is exactly a carbon copy of Mummy Mommy. She's like a hot, cute little Mexican mini mommy.


Yeah. And she bonds very strongly with mama. So I think it was great spirit's trick to get Penny inspired to be a mother because Penny never really wanted to be a mother. Oh, okay. So she fell in love with Mana And. he fell in love with her. And so imagine being a kid with two mothers of that level of intelligence. You know, we have a 14 acre farm and we run a big business and we have people from all over the world coming to us. We've had, you know, we traveled, the kids have traveled all over the place because we have to teach all over the world. So, and when Mana was probably only four months old, he was already in England on seminar tours. So these kids are very worldly children and we feed them the best food you can buy.


We grow most of our food and we buy from, you know, organic farmers and free range meat farmers and, you know, ranchers and the kids go to a Waldorf school. So they're getting educated based on Steiner system of education, which based on my analysis, It is hands down the best in the world. And so, you know, I basically spent many, many years as a therapist looking at what causes people trouble, what gets them sick, what leads to cancer. And I found the number of people that have been married for a long time, but didn't wanna be in the marriage, but stayed in it because they thought God would burn 'em in hell if they broke their marriage vows or got a divorce was so high.


I learned very early in my now 40 year career that it's not a wise thing to do, to stay married to somebody that you're not in love with and that you don't wanna be with because all you do is teach your children how to have a fucked up relationship. Yeah. And that becomes problems for the rest of your life that you gotta deal with as a parent. And so after my first marriage, I just made a promise to myself, I'm gonna live true to my heart. And I know that there's women out there that wanna live true to their heart too. And you'd be amazed when you're honest with women, they'll tell you yes or no. And I found it was no harder to find women that would agree to that than it was to find women that would go monogamous and or that demanded monogamy.


Yeah. Yeah. But we just grew into this relationship and well, we're 13 years in now and like I said, I've got a 45-year-old son with a grandson from my first marriage. So I, I became a father for the second time at 54, and then my daughter came along a couple years later. So here I am 63 with two little ones and a, and a big one and a grandson. But it took me a long time to learn how to be a father. I mean, I, I, I realized at 54, I actually only now ready to be a dad. My first son came when I just turned 18. And I didn't know how to be a father, you know, and I didn't have a good example as a father.


So, to, to have reached that level of maturity and that much understanding of life. And then to be wise enough to choose really intelligent women, Angie's an amazing mother. They're both amazing mothers and my kids are damn smart. They're, you know, they're, they're surrounded by very intelligent people all the time. And so they eat great food. And, they live on top of a mountain, on a beautiful farm. And you know, my daughter's doing amazing in gymnastics. My son's got the mind of an engineer. And, and you know, we're watching kids grow in an environment that is like an organic farm.


Yeah. They, they get a chance to get a lot of love and to really explore themselves. And I emulate to my students to live true to your heart and not fall into conventional ideas because, you know, living in the consensus reality is like being a sheep in a herd. But if you actually start interviewing people to ask how many people are actually happy in their marriages, I've had patients come to me with serious health problems that have been married for 35 years. And I've said to them, when were you not happy in the marriage? I've literally had women crying their eyes out saying, Paul, to be honest with you, I knew I was in trouble the day I got married.


Yeah. I said, well, why'd you stay and have kids? Because I'm a Christian and I have marriage vows. And I said, so you think God wants you to live in a torturous relationship and raise kids in an environment where they realize that marriage is a painful and potentially ugly thing? Yeah. You know, and so, so real Quick ask you That's that's a problem. I can see that. Do you think there is a, some redemptive fact to the process of learning to kind of relate to somebody over time where initially it might not feel great? Oh, Absolutely. Yeah. But you're saying if it hits levels of just like soul deadness and like going into the motion? Well, when you get to the point where you know, either you're not compatible with somebody or you're not willing to do the work to grow in relationship with that person.


Like some people, most people don't actually explore their values with someone else. So when you get, when you get confronted by things like a woman gets pregnant, but you don't want the child and you don't realize that there's one that's pro-abortion and one that's against abortion. Yeah. That's a barn burner of a problem to have When you've got a pandemic that comes and one's pro-vaccine, the one's, the other one says, don't do it. It's too dangerous. Yeah. And one wants to vaccinate the children, the other one doesn't. I've seen relationships completely destroyed. So if you don't have a deep enough level of love and commitment to work through the rigors and the challenges that life inevitably bling brings, you just set yourself up to live in hell.


Yeah. So the point I'm making, if it's not dead clear, if you can't walk through hell with your partner and hold their hand, then you shouldn't be in the relationship. I, I see what you're saying. If you're just going through the motions and if you're Just going through the motions, you're not living, you're already in flatland and you'll probably need an addiction to get you through it. Yeah. You'll need to drink yourself through it or drug yourself through it, or bury yourself in work or become an exercise addict or something. And I've rehabilitated thousands of these people. I mean, look, I'm not a young guy. I have 40 years of clinical experience. I have seen exactly how this plays out over and over again, and it ain't pretty.


And it's often for the wrong reasons. And the worst reason there is, is because of what other people will think. Yeah. I don't give a shit what other people think. Like my job is to be true to myself and true to the people I share relationships with. Because without that, what have I got if I fit into the crowd, but I, I'm living a life that's completely unappealing and unpleasing, that just takes the wind right outta your sails and you just go half master your life and you'll never become good at anything. Yeah. To be, to, to achieve mastery requires commitment and focus. And if you can't achieve mastery in your relationships, then you're not gonna achieve mastery in your professional relationships either.


Yeah. Well, so what is the Spirit Gym? I know you started that up. Spirit Gym is a holistic system of spiritual development that I develop based on all my years experience. And I saw how much problem, religious problem religions cause people, I, I could see the beauty in them, but I could see the traps in them and I could see how it results in a lot of health problems and a lot of belief. I think beliefs are very dangerous because the day you believe something, you stop asking questions and you, your mind becomes closed. So I think, you know, by definition, spirituality is a progressively expanded sense of connection to a greater and greater whole.


But oftentimes when you're in a religion, you immediately identify yourself as this religion or that religion. And You are often taught or threatened that You should not look into or participate in other religions, for example. So you won't find Christians reading Buddhist literature, but there's a ton of great stuff in Buddhism that any Christian can use. And there's stuff in Christianity that a Buddhist can use, and there's stuff in Judaism that they could all use. Yeah. So once you're in a belief system, it's like being in a cult. And I've watched how it destroys people's lives and it keeps 'em very narrow minded. And, you know, if you study this, you'll find something quite shocking.


The most common cause of wars throughout history has been religious differences. Yeah. And if you look at Ken Wilber's new book, radical Wholeness, he states right in there at least three times. The number one cause of war is religious differences. I mean, well, if there is a God and God is love, then God's not intended to inspire war, death, and destruction. So. that right there, you see the problem that belief systems are like any ism, they pit you against people and you stop asking bigger questions. And as soon as you stop asking bigger questions, you stop growing mentally. You stop growing emotionally and you halt your spiritual growth. Therefore, you, you see, if if's like being a racist, if you're, if you're a white supremacist, then you never get the joy of knowing the beauty of black people.


You never, you know, you're, you might not even eat their food or listen to their music. Yeah. But if you think, okay, how many of us love food from around the world? I like Chinese food, I like Japanese food, I like Jamaican food, man, I like Brazilian food and I like all their music too. And I love their beautiful women. So if someone said, I'm practicing such and such a religion, or I have such and such a racial bias, you've just cut two thirds of my heart out. Yeah. You've just turned me into a robot, into somebody else's play toy into somebody who's got such narrow vision that they will never actually see the beauty of God. They will never see it, even though they're walking around in it and wearing it.


And that is really to be a blind man. So Spirit Gym is really a system I built that teaches you how to analyze your own story So, that you can ask yourself, is the story that I'm empowering each day fulfilling to me? And if it's not, what is my dream? And how do I create a story for myself that's dream affirmative and life affirmative? And how do I live in such a way that I embrace the truth of good, the truth of beauty and the truth of life, and accept the challenges life as growth opportunities So that I don't just run drug myself or put my head in the sand.


And so I built a system based on principles. So the first principle is getting clear on what the word God means. Next is understanding how the universe is created based on metaphysical concepts and on the concepts of science, cosmology and quantum physics. The next principle is the one which is, well, the next principle is myth, which is the science and history and, and the understanding of what a myth is. Myth means story. So once you understand why myths have been created by tribes throughout antiquity and what the function of a myth is, then you know what your myth or your story has to include. Or you're running blind.


Right? I could give you a whole description of myth and what it has to include, but it would take some time. So once we understand what God means by definition, what being is, you know, what is existence itself? Why is it here? Then we go to myth and we understand the importance of being clear on our story. So we're congruent with our dream. And we don't create problems for ourselves by living out a story that isn't even our own. Most people don't even know their own story. They're just living out their mother's ideas, their church's ideas or their ism without really thinking, is this working for me? And just wondering why they feel like shit. They're tired all the time, And, they gotta drink alcohol to numb themselves from their ism.


So then we deal with the principle of two, which is duality, which is what it takes to have a mind. You have to have a duality. It has to be a subject, me, you the object. I'm like, I'm, you're the object of my awareness right now. But it's the subject in me watching. If you're in a loving relationship, one's the lover, one's the beloved. So one's, one's the lover, the one's the beloved. So if this is a person, I the lover, am loving the beloved. So whenever you have a duality, you have the, the prerequisites for love. There always has to be a lover and a beloved. And the prerequisite love is the basis of relationship. Love is the code word that holds everything together in the whole universe. Even an atom love really just means relationship.


And so you can't have life without relationship and you can't have a mind without relationship. To have a mind, you have to have two points of sentience that exchange energy and information. A computer is not a mind, it's an information processor because it doesn't know what you're putting through it. It doesn't care if you build an atomic bomb to kill people or you come up with the most amazing cure for a disease. The computer won't know the difference. So that's an information processor that's not a mind. A mind is actually sentient and it processes energy and information with the intention of accomplishing an objective that is something is sentient of being you in this case or me.


So once you get to the position, the, the, the principle of two, you're understanding what is the true nature of a duality and why do we have to have a duality? And how do you manage dualities? Like how do you use duality in your favor as opposed to creating opposition me against you, or white against black or this religion against that religion. Because that's just a low level of consciousness. The principle of three is the holy trinity, which explains how God, or that which is unknowable manifests itself as being, or life as or existence. And so once we understand that process, we can see by this is the same principles we use to create our dreams. This is how we dream our house into existence.


Save the money, buy the land. This is how we dream our, our our ideal partner into our life. Like I did, I meditated a year and a half after many, you know, enough years of girlfriends that drove me crazy. And I realized, you know, these girls are, they don't know how to handle a guy like me that's very mission oriented. So I got clear what I needed in a partner, and I also got clear what I would give her. Yeah. So I, just thank great spirit every day for this amazing woman and read off the qualities that I want, read what I was willing to give, had a vision of her. After a year and a half meditating five days later, she showed up in one of my classes. Soon as I saw her, it literally felt like electricity running from my, through my body.


I went, oh my God, there she is. I I am stunned and amazed that she's actually here. Four days later we were engaged and that was 28 years of marriage ago. Damn right. So I, I mean, I, I've done this many, many times. We, we, we wanted our dream home in our dream property. Took us five years, but we mapped it all out. I went into meditation with Angie and we channeled the vision of our home. Drew it, when we found the home, our map was exactly the map of the property. We said the prayer every morning. We gave thanks for the home. We kept looking and looking until we found it. And when we found it, we knew it. Wow. And there it was. And interestingly, every year I do a mandala, which is a diagram in a circle to symbolize my year.


So I go into meditation and I ask my soul to gimme the vision of what symbolizes my year. And that year I saw the Native American Indian sun face, which is a circle of feathers with the Indian sun face in the middle, which if you saw of the Native American Indian sun face, you'd know exactly what it looks like. The trippiest thing. The girls were out looking for houses and this one wasn't even on the list to go look at. But as they were getting on the freeway to come home, it said open house closes such and such a date, which was that day. So they were just closing it And. they were gonna put it on an auction.


And the girls went. And when they pulled up to the gate, the gate of the big opening of the property, It is a big metal gate. 'cause it's a big estate. On the front of the gate was a six foot circular mandala with exactly what I had painted. Whoa. And. they both stopped and were stunned and took a picture and said, Paul, you're not gonna believe what is on the gate to this property. And it turned out to be I'm a remote viewer as well. Mm. So for three months before they found the house and my meditations, I started seeing this property and this land. So I said to my soul, is this our new home? My soul said, yes, It is, I said, my God, it's so damn big. It looks like a hotel. I said, you sure that's, we're gonna be where we're gonna live.


My soul said, yes, you're gonna be running your businesses there. You're gonna need plenty of space. You're gonna have a lot of people coming in and out of there. And so I used my skills as a remote viewer. I walked through the house, I looked at the property. So when the girls found it And, they were walking the property, they called me and told me about the gate And. they said, you've gotta see this property. It's gonna blow your mind. It's exactly what we've been looking for. It's everything we wrote down. And I said, when you pulled up to the front of the house, was there a big metal gate? Yeah, that's the one I saw your manela. Is there a pond on the right side of the driveway when you pulled in? Yes. When you walk in the front door, does it have really high ceilings with which look Mediterranean style wooden fans up in the top of the ceilings?


They said Exactly. I said, if you walk through the house to the back, is the swimming pool back there? Yes. If you go to the edge of the swimming pool, is it really steep? Almost like a cliff down into the property. They said, Paul. Exactly. I said, if you walk out the back of the house, is there a big building that would hold my gym in our classroom? They said yes. I said, does it have a guest house? They said, yes. I said, that's the place I've been seeing for three months. What? Yep. And it was on the market two years earlier for 4 million. And when I found out that it was going into auction, my soul said, do not bid.


Because there's very few people that can afford the maintenance on a place like that. Yeah. And they're probably not gonna get a bid on it. Wait. And they'll call you. Because we had gone there and we'd fill out the registration and my, my Angie and Penny were scared to death. They said, Paul, are you sure if we lose this house? You know, that's it. We, yeah, we gotta keep looking. We've been looking for five years. I said, my soul's never misled me. Sure enough, the next morning our real estate agent called us at like eight o'clock in the morning. She said, You are right Paul, nobody bid on the house. Now's your chance. Not even two hours later, the real estate agent for the house called us. So I bid one eight And, they wrote back and counter bid me 1, 9 25.


So, whoa, the land is worth that much. Damn. They had padded it. I mean, I guess it's, they like could sell for whatever they want, but they were like, yeah, fine. It Wasn't, they pad it. If you saw this place, It's worth four. That makes, yeah. If you're, yeah, that makes sense. It's Just that it's, you know, it's 15,000 square feet of buildings. It's 14 acres of land. It's damn pump systems. I mean, it's a lot to manage. I mean, yeah, it cost me a lot of money And there's probably less and less people Inclined to do all that to manage it. Yeah. You know, I have to have a full-time gardener and handyman. Yeah. I mean, no, this is a big place, but it's exactly what, 'cause we wanted to consolidate all of our business into one location so we didn't have to keep driving all over the place. Yeah. Angie had her own business that was successful. She owned a nutrition store and rent a personal training business.


I had the institute, I had my, I had a house that I used for all my, seeing all my clients with a big gym in it. And so we consolidated all of our work into one place. So now our institute courses are run there. I see my clients there. My office is in the guest house, Penn's office. In the guest house. That's awesome. So we basically are spending far less money than we were for all these three places. Now we only have one gym instead of three. Now we only have one location. Clients need to come. And everybody absolutely loves it there. It's stunningly beautiful. But the point is, this is, you know, using your mind and using your heart to manifest in the same way I'm brought Penny into my life through manifestation.


I brought my home into my life and I've done this over and over again. And that's what I teach. That's what real spiritual development's about, is learning to work with source energy and consciousness instead of walking around just hoping all the time. Or, Yeah. So, so that's the difference. 'cause when people hear manifesting, they really do, I think think of like, or like, it comes to my mind that it like, it sounds like bullshit where you're just like, so I'm just gonna imagine the house's gonna come. But you seem like it's more intentional of like a daily practice. Like Imagining Well, it's not just imagining, you know, as the Quakers say, pray and move your feet. Yeah. Everybody prays, but they forget to move their feet. Yeah. Okay. Right. So we look at houses for five years. Yeah. Right. And, and each time we saw, okay, well we, we like that feature, but there's a highway right next to the house, or you know, we, we like this big living room.


And so as we were doing it, we were saying, okay, we wanna write that on our, our dream. We our, we had a big poster we made on our Yeah, yeah. We call it the vision board. And, and every morning we would do a prayer, all three of us, and I would vaporize some tobacco and herbs and I'd blow smoke into it, which is a sacred practice to energize it with our consciousness. And, you know, so we, we actually poured our intention into it. You know, if you think of God as unconditional love, that's pure potential. There's no condition there. The answer is always yes from source. God says yes to being an idiot. And God says yes to being a wise man, obviously Look around.


Yeah. Okay. So if God is unconditional love, then you must have an intention to create the movement of potential into actuation. And the flow of that energy and information is what we call spirit. So spirit is the flow of energy and information. What people don't realize is you're constantly moving energy and information into potential from spirit. But most people are doing it unconsciously, which is almost always based on what they don't want. Most people live by their fears, not by their dreams. And I tell people, fear never makes a good seeing eye dog.


It's just not because you will always see what you're looking for. The ancients had a important saying. You bring forth that which you gaze upon. So if you walk into a room and you're always looking for something bad, you'll see it. Yeah. If you walk into the room and you're looking for the beauty or you're looking for the fun, you'll find it. Right. Most people don't have enough training to watch their own mind to see what it's creating all the time. And so that's what spirit gym's all about. It's learning how to use, tried and tested principles from spiritual masters, from experts in the science of mind, from experts in psychology, from quantum physics, from metaphysics.


Basically, I spent my whole life studying and looked at everything that I could learn that's relevant to how to live a life that's true to your heart. And being honest in your relationships and creating the life you want and doing the work that you wanna do in life. So that you can make money because you're doing something you love to do and achieving mastery. And I put it into an education system and I mentor these people so they get the same kind of coaching that I do with my one-on-one clients, except I coach 'em in a group. And there's about 130 hours of online training that I built to take 'em through all these principles. And each week I meet with them and I give 'em a one hour presentation on something that's important for them to know.


And then I open the floor for questions on their personal life, their personal challenges, or anything they want help with as they're working through the lessons. And I've watched people just transform right in front of my eyes. I've seen people depressed people become inspired and motivated. I've seen sick people get healthy. I've seen sad people get happy. Yeah. You know, and it's not a surprise to me because I've been a therapist for 40 years. I mean, I've studied this inside out and backwards and I've had to deal with my own challenges just like everybody else. And so, you know, I really felt it was time in my career to, to stop spending my time working with people one-on-One because the world's in such dangerous state right now that I realized we can't wait for a top down rescue.


I I don't think Jesus is coming back. They nailed him to a tree the first time. He's not stupid, I don't think. Well, There's a, here's a question for you. And I, I think, you know, I, I kind of dig everything you're saying. I feel like, well, I guess It is a statement then a question. I, I feel like God has become a taboo. It's a modern taboo. You can talk about sex, you can talk about, you know, whatever you want. Yeah. You bring up God. A lot of people get kind of like, where are you going with this? Like, relax man. Maybe it always was because like if you brought up the wrong religion people, it's bad. Well, Everybody's conception of God is unique to themselves. And because you have all this religious division, if you're a Christian talking about God to a Muslim, then they're gonna immediately think you're against them. Yeah. Or an atheist per se, or An atheist.


Right. But remember, Well, here's my question. I want to just gimme one second. Go ahead. Go ahead. You use that word atheist. Yeah. Okay. Here's something Carl Jung said, that's very important to hear. Something must first be real before it can be rejected. Meditate on that. Yeah. It's pretty wild. It's true. Yeah. There's no atheist in a foxhole. Yeah, I'm a soldier. Trust me. Yeah. I mean that's, yeah, I could see that as well. And that, that's why I think there's something that, my question is, how necessary do you think It is for like psychologically to have a spiritually oriented framework to work in? If you want to kind of like gain some sort of a, you know, self-mastery or peace of mind versus just kind of like the, what I feel like might be kind of sanitized.


Like, I don't think it's necessary. I mean, I've known people that are very masterful at a lot of things that are atheists, materialists, or ag. Even my wife Penny is agnostic. Okay. My, my wife's a scientist. You know, she did a lot of extensive research in university. She's a very scientific, very intelligent, she's a pilot. You know, the woman that just dropped me off is a, is a genius. Yeah. And I'm a guy that knows intelligent people and worked with some of the most rich and smart people on this planet. My wife is a genius and she says, I'm happy that you love God, but God is not important to me because I can't prove the existence or non-existence of God. And she says, I've got important things to handle.


Like, how are we gonna pay the bills this month? And how do I manage all these employees and take care of these kids and make sure this farm is handled? She says, I will find out if God's real when I die, and that's fine with me. But in the meantime, I'm gonna do my best to live a meaningful life and love as fully as I can. Because that's who I am. I don't need someone to take me to church to do what's inherently natural to me. Okay. So that's interesting. So you really don't think it's like as crucial, I guess It is all person to person? No, I think, I think it's individual. The difference is religion is typically a set of beliefs that's closed.


It's an ideology, it's a belief system. All def by definition, all belief systems are closed. Spirituality is an open exploration for the truth. So that's why I say spirituality is a progressive expansion of your sense of wholeness to your connection to what makes you feel whole and what You are. So for example, spirituality, if you want a simple model progresses from eye oriented consciousness. It's all about what I want and what I need. Like a child, gimme, gimme, gimme. Then you grow up to realize that you can't do anything meaningful in the world without relationships. So you, your consciousness evolves to we, so instead of being self-centered, now you become, we centered.


You say, okay, I can't just think of myself, I gotta think about my wife and her needs, my boss, my friends, my coworkers, my teammates. Then all of a sudden you realize you couldn't be here without the food that feeds you, the water that hydrates you, the air you breathe and you realize the car you drive is made by someone on the other side of the world. The computer you're using is made by someone on the other side of the world. And so you finally wake up to the fact that it takes the whole world to support all of us. And so now your sense of self and wholeness grows to embrace the whole world because you realize everybody's meaningful, everybody's contributing to each other. And so you wouldn't buy into a belief system. That was my group, against your group, because you realize none of us can get by without each other.


Okay. So then you become world centric. Well then you progressively expand your conscious and you say, wait a minute, could the earth be here without the sun? And we could we survive without, no. What would happen if there was no moon to move the tides of the ocean? We'd all die. So all of a sudden you realize, wow, I, I was an earth centered person, but now I've gotta be a solar system centered person. But then you realize, oh my god, the solar system's part of a galaxy and it couldn't be over that galaxy. Then all of a sudden you realize you're part of a galactic family and you go, wait a minute, the gal galaxy's part of the universe. So now you reach what's called cosmic consciousness and you realize that all of It is a dance. All of It is a being that's alive.


All of It is something so magical and so mysterious that all you can do is stand there and go, ah, my God. It took the entire universe to create me. And I could give you the physics of the fact that if we scientifically analyze even the minerals and the elements in your body, I can prove to you scientifically that it took the entire universe to make you. And it's been done many times. How? How do they do that? Simple. You take the elements of the periodic table that are in your body. Yeah. And you say, okay, where did that come from? Well, that came from the sun that came from Mars. Okay, well how did they get into the sun? Well, other stars exploded and collapsed into a sun damn through black hole, whichever model you want to use.


And so you keep playing that game. So where'd that come from? It? Yeah. Reaching to the end of the universe. It's crazy. So what you realize even scientifically, is it takes an entire universe to make each one of us. And that's just scientific fact. I don't care if you believe in God or not, I can sit you down and show you the research on it. And so, okay. If you're a scientist, here's proof. It took the whole universe to make you Yeah. So what do you wanna worship? Yeah. Yeah. Just one book. Yeah. I'm like, I think we can do better than that. Yeah. So that you're saying that you're kind of, I guess, provide a modern roadmap for people trying to gain the benefits of a spiritual system without the pitfalls and the downfalls of like organized Religion.


I'm simply saying, let's be honest with each other. Let's be rational. Let's be logical, let's be scientific, and let's open ourselves to the mystery of the heart and ask honest questions. Who are we? What are we, how did we get here? What does it take to sustain us? And how many absolute mysteries are involved? I mean, science shows that if the un the conditions of the in initial universe were even a hundredth of 1% different, we would not be alive. That's crazy. Right? When you look at the science behind this thing, there's, you know, you either think everything's an accident and we're just lucky, which would be like standing next to a pile of rocks and hoping a Rolex watch jumped out, which would be a materialist.


Yeah. Or you say there's some kind of intelligence behind this thing. And the biggest form of intelligence that we can come up with is a thing called God. 'cause we don't have another name to give it. It just means something so wild. I can't even put a name on it. So we'll just call it God. By definition, God means that for which there is no other, by definition, God is the only being that can create and sustain itself. None of us can do that. Right. It takes a God to create and sustain itself. So when you really understand what the word God means, that's capital G, capital O, capital D, capital G, little O little D in spirit, Jim means the highest power of any belief system.


This is why you've got a Christian God, a Muslim God, or this God or that God And, they war like hell with each other. Yeah. Well, I mean, what do you call someone that's at war with themselves? Crazy. Yeah. Okay. Well the God I'm talking about that for which there is no other, is not at war with itself. Look up in the stars at night, you see nothing but harmony and duty. Yeah. It's when you're lost and confused down here and you worship a God that'll burn you in hell and has all these rules and regulations, you realize, okay, we need to reevaluate our idea about God. So that's the difference between religion and spirituality. Religion is based on belief systems that are closed. And spirituality says, I'm on an open quest to explore what It is that creates me and how I can have a healthy relationship with it.


And love and respect the fact that everything that's here was created by the same intelligence. And I'm part of it. So why not love and respect it? I, I love the Sufis of the mystics of Islam. If you really wanna understand religion, you always gotta go to the mystics because they're the ones that broke out of the dogma and had their own religious experience. But the Sufis, the Sufi mystics say There is no God, but God I worship everything and everyone that is somebody that understands what God means, I gotta go pee. We'll do like a 10 minute wrap up. And I do have one more question for you, so let's go for it, baby. Are you Josh, you recording? All right.


So sorry, we had to take a pee break. My question is, and I think this kind of applies to religion somehow organic farming, it all kind of ties together where I feel like the reflex for kind of these like very restrictive religions and all this stuff, and even like kind of this like war with like weeds in the soil through like pesticides. It makes sense from like, if you think about our escape from nature, which was like a nightmare to live in the jungle, be getting mauled alive, like you going back way, way, way, way. That's the conception I have that it was terrifying. Yes and no. Yeah. I mean if you go talk to native cultures, it's, it's, it seems terrifying.


But that was home for them. Yeah. You see, if you go back to the point where we were living out in nature, we didn't see the animals out there as our enemies. We saw them as our family and we had respect for grizzly bears, we had respect for poisonous snakes. We saw everything in nature as a being with its own intelligence. And so if you study native cultures, you'll see they studied these animals. They learned things like tool making from crows, I dunno if you know this, but crows have a brain that's as big as ours for body size, if not bigger.


They have a language of over 400 words. And. they have advanced tool making skills and most people have no idea. Yeah. I knew they could crack nuts. I didn't know they were not, oh no. They can, I've seen film of crows handmaking tools that are very complex. They can make tools more complex than chimpanzees can. Damn. And they've got a language of between four and 500 words. Okay. That's pretty impressive. But the point is, if You are living out there with them, you would learn about how spiders weave things. You would learn about how birds put nests together. You would learn how bears fish. I mean, if you actually were out there in nature, you'd realize that each of these beings is a level of intelligence.


And It is doing something in nature that is important. There is no accidental beings out there. So if you live in reverence and you realize that taking more than is necessary is a threat to the existence of another being, then you don't just go rape all the bees for honey and steal all the eggs because then you wipe out your own survival system. So those people did not have this us against nature. They were nature. Yeah. And it's only as the industrial age began to come on that we begun to shift our orientation to man against nature, which is largely, we want more space to do what we wanna do.


Right. And we wanna take these people over so we can do what we wanna do. So you'll see that as our technology and our tools got more and more advanced and we got more and more scientific, we started getting more and more disrespectful to what creates harmony in nature and more and more eye oriented, more what do I want? Not how does that affect the rivers? How does that affect the oceans? I mean, so if you take that to now and say, well, look what we got. We've got a bunch of germophobic people that are scared of the dirt, that poison everything they eat, that wash their hands with antibacterial soaps that have wiped out their microbiomes, that have brains that are collapsing, that have kids that are sick, that have constantly gotta take pills who are at war with each other, who have an organization called the CIA that says our work will be done when no one knows what the truth is.


Well, when your government has an agency whose mission It is to make sure nobody knows what the truth, you have to ask yourself, well, have you got more or less intelligent? Yeah. Have we evolved or are we devolving when we don't know how the principles of nature and we're so seeding the eyes with the, the skies with aluminum and barium and trying to control the sun, and we're making face fake global warming to by billionaires to, to make the rich, rich and the poor more poor. I mean, we've gotten so far from the truth of what life is and what it's all about, that it's going to, and It is costing us dearly. The, the, the United States last year spent $3 trillion to manage diabetes.


That's one illness. Damn. One illness. The United States defense budget, which is the most expensive in the world, is 1.9 trillion. We're we're spending 3 trillion a year to manage diabetes, which is a problem of eating food that is not high quality, that has no nutrition and eating too much sugar, which is highly addictive. Sugar has been shown by Candace pert to be as addictive as morphine and heroin. And it's laced in everything. It's in bacon, it's in meat. They, we, we've gotten to a level of trickery in business and in politics to the point that we can't trust each other anymore. We, we, how much money is being spent to turn our iPhones by devices to turn our televisions by devices to turn refrigerators and vacuums into by devices?


The NSA Edward Snowden showed us, the NSA has been collecting information on every one of us all the time. Like we've actually got an autoimmune disorder. Right. We've got enough nuclear weapons to destroy the planet 179 times over. So we've become so afraid of each other that we're actually spending all our time, energy, and money to defend ourselves against each other while destroying the very support systems that keep us alive. So you have to ask yourself who had it better? The natives or us. Yeah. Natives thought seven generations ahead. As a general rule of thumb, native societies thought, if we do this, will it enhance our diminish the next seven generations of our people?


Yeah. We don't do that. Really. We, We've got attention spans of about three minutes and we don't think for two seconds about what's gonna happen to our kids, or we would actually start paying attention to what we're feeding them and the fact that our education systems are absolute trash. Yeah. And that we're putting pornography in the libraries of, for kids that are three in third grade. Yeah. They're doing that. Oh hell, all Over the world, the globalists are absolutely dangerous as hell. Yeah. That's, that's the one thing I never understood why we don't have physical education first thing in the morning at every school. It should be every kid should like run around for like an hour burn off energy. You realize there's people all over the world that are confused as to what a woman is. Yeah, true.


That's another problem. Like, Like we're, we're we, we have used science to validate every drug that's killed 20, 30, 40, 50,000, a hundred thousand people, only to have it taken off the market. But it was all scientifically validated. So we've turned science into a corporate prostitution ring. Yeah. So all I'm saying is, if you really asked the question, was it that dangerous to live in nature when we had respect for nature and we lived in harmony with nature? Or is it that dangerous to live today where we're destroying nature and each other and call ourselves scientifically advanced? Well, as Steiner says, for every advance you make in science, you must make three advances in morality or you will destroy yourself.


Well ask yourself from the time we were living in nature to the time to where we're at now, how many advances have we made in science? And how many advances have we made in morality? Say like three morality, probably like a bazillion in science. Yes. And so here we all are. Yeah. Fuck that. We're watching each other all over the world. Destroy each other and calling ourselves Christians. Yeah. Yeah. Really. Well, God dammit, dude, that sums it up pretty well. I'll have to have you on again. I, I have like a million more questions. I am In a comedy store. Right. No, that, that's phenomenal man. Thank you so much. Do you have anything you wanna like, I mean obviously Spirit Gym mission One, my Spirit Gym dot com, if you're interested in my mentorship program, CHEK institute.com.


If you want to see my education and all the online courses I have for various people, my How To Eat Move and Be Healthy Book can be bought on Amazon, it can be bought at the Check Institute. Our holistic lifestyle coach level one training program teaches you all the principles on how to eat, move, and be healthy, how to apply 'em in your life. So it's a public access program. And for those that want a career and holistic lifestyle coaching to teach other people how to get healthy and not spend all their money on managing diabetes and things like that, you would go to holistic lifestyle coach level too, which is a professional training program. So it's like a career and it goes from there. The Czech Academy can be explored there. That's our five year academy program, which is a mix of online training and hands-on training.


And it's multidisciplinary. So we have medical doctors, chiropractors, osteopaths, nurses, acupuncturists, strength coaches, personal trainers, massage therapists, and people just changing professions. It's a fully complete system of education. My YouTube channel where I have about 1200 videos I've done for public service on almost everything, which I think you've seen is Yeah, That's how I found you just watching those. Right. So it's youtube.com/paul, CHEK Live Paul Chek Live. So there's tons I put on, that's my, where I do my public service work and say, look, if you've got plantar fascitis here, this will help you. If you wanna know how to get yourself healthy, do this. You know, I've poured thousands of hours into doing that for the public.


So those that can't afford me or want to get, get a taste before they spend money can go to YouTube. And my podcast is Spirit Gym with Paul Chek. Okay. And there's over 300 episodes with the Greatest Minds I can find all over the world. Scientists, doctors, metaphysic, metaphysical experts, religious experts, health experts, you name it. Yeah. I go for the brains and, and the great ones that have good results and I believe are worth listening to. And I interview them and I do comprehensive long form interviews. And for those that want the extended play, they can be a member of the podcast. So you can go to paul check.com, sign up for the podcast membership.


I think it's less than $8 a month. And so I do, the public portion of the podcast is one and a usually somewhere between one and two hours, depending on the length of the guest, the length of the topic. And then the second half is It is for the members where we do what's called the deeper dive. Gotcha. So I've got a lot of stuff out there. I've written 11 books and I'm just now finishing a series of 15 volumes called Welcome to Spirit Gym, which is about 3000 pages in total. Damn, that's awesome. Yeah, It's taken me four and a half years of hard work to build this program and I started developing it 10 years ago because I saw the world was in deep trouble and it needed to understand some of the things we just talked about today.


Well dude, that's awesome. Thank you so much. I really appreciate what you're doing. I even, you know, when I started watching back in the day, I was like, I was the nicest guy's out here. Yeah. Somebody gives a shit about stuff. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks you man. Thanks for, thanks for sharing great questions by the way. Thank you, man.