
We're live here with Marcus. King. What's up brother? What's up? Thank you for doing this, dude. Thanks for having me. Very. Yeah. I was texting you the other day. I was listening to your first album, shred So Fucking Hard. Dude, There's some wild stuff on that first record. It's pretty tight, dude. Thanks. Well, I was wondering this too, by the way, if you don't know who Marcus King as he is, obviously Rock God. What, what's your, what's your go-to? What would they say? Like, is it rock blues? What, what's your Man? Are you confined to one genre? Man, I never have been I. just like a lot of different kinds of music. Yeah. If I'm in the airport, I usually just pick one and tell people that I play rock and roll or country or Yeah. You know, whatever. I'm in the mood for that Day. Sure. Well you fucking shred dude.


I was, I was walking my dogs. I was a little drunk. We had like a kid's party, so Yeah, I got a little too turn up at it, but I, I was recovering, I was walking by the way too. I, this is aside, they sell weed seltzers now here in Texas. Yeah. You just go to the liquor store and there's this, I couldn't believe it. I'm like, this has to be, this can't be real. It's real how I, I spiked a cooler with a bunch of those wheat sauces. How, how strong are they? They're like five milligrams. 10. Some of 'em are 10, which I think is dastardly. You can't be dropping 10 milligrams of bowl. Yeah. Just like, you know, 'cause that's one of those things, anyone will pick it up, And, they see a label. They're like, this is legit. Right. So I I just put like eight of them in there being like, eh, if that's your thing.


But then, like, I was talking to my one friend, And. he goes, I didn't even know this is a weed seltzer. He is drinking. And I'm like, oh shit. That's yeah. My bad brother. He's like, I don't know. Yeah. I don't care. That'll Get you. It will. But, but yeah, so I was, I was walking at a nice little walk at nighttime and I was listening to your first album. I'm like, dude, you fucking tread. I'm not, I'm not just sloping your now. I'm like, dude, You fucking tread, Dude. I'm trying, bro, I'm trying to tread. I'm a baby shredding dude. But you can fucking, I was listening and it's like, 'cause whenever, 'cause you know, like, you know, if you're, if you're country, if you're blues, like you said, you kind of just bounce around. 'cause I, I do feel like you can get kind of stuck. And I heard you talking about this on the other podcast, getting stuck in that pentatonic, I mean, sorry, we're going deep on musical theory. Yep. But you can get stuck in that one sound. And you, when I was listening to your first album especially, I was just like, dude, you really can, you know, dance around and like jump outta stuff.


And it was cool. It was really like, it was fresh the whole time. It was tight. Man. I appreciate that dude. I mean, I, just try to, with a guitar, just try to express what I'm feeling in here. And I didn't have a lot of friends growing up, so just play the guitar. That's awesome. That seemed to do it. When did you start playing? I was probably like three or four, three or four years old. What? Yep. I was like a latchkey kid, you know. And I spent a lot of times just at the house alone with records in my guitar, playing guitar. How, What did you, when you were like three though, how did you play? I had a little bitty Could you shred? A little Bitty last far my dad taught me. Like Louie Louie? Yeah. By the Kingsman and I just kind of went on from there.


Damn. That's fucking awesome. Yeah. I, I feel bad 'cause I played in high school a lot and there is something that like when you play, when you're a kid, like it's, you're never gonna have that much time again. Like, I would sit there for hours and just Yeah. Play and play. And if I, like I talk to adults, they're like, I wanna start playing. It's like, you're never gonna have, unless, unless you can just, you know, take all day off or get unemployed. Well, I mean, my family all played too, so I always thought about it like a, like a bilingual family, you know, like you grow up learning Spanish and it's just kind of second nature to you. Yeah. 'cause you're folks speaking in the household. But that's how guitar was for me. I just kind of picked it up. 'cause my grandfather and my dad and my uncles all played. Yeah. That's pretty cool.


So you're, were they traveling musicians? So they're what we call weekend warriors. Okay. My grandfather was like career service in the Air Force and just played honky tonks every weekend. And my dad was a, still is a touring musician. He's 71 now. Damn. Really? So what was that like when your dad was on? Because I worry about that. I'm always on tour. I'm on tour a lot. So I'm like, do my kids, does this bother them? I can't tell. They're so young. I'm like, I hope he doesn't bother them. Right. I mean, Did it bother you? Well, I mean, my dad, when my parents got divorced when I was like four, he kind of dropped everything and got a straight job, became a contractor. Really. You Know, and, you know, looking back on it now, I could tell that he just fucking hated that.


So, around the time I was like 11, you know, I was playing good enough where He was like, I'll just bring you with me. Shit. You know? Really, my sister would stay back at home with my grandparents and I'd go out with him. Oh, really? So I started playing bars and you know, music venues when I was like 11. Really? Yeah. Damn. That's fucking awesome. Yeah, It just, it'd be like, man, that little girl you got up there sounds great. I just, I still get misgendered online. Do you really? Yeah, Dude, people on the Instagram comments are always asking if I'm like a, a transgender. Which I mean, nothing wrong with that, but I'm not, yeah, For sure. I mean, if you're not, you could say, you could plainly state like, yeah, I don't, you know, don't do that.


Since I was like 11 years old though, man. Yeah. Really? That little girl is rocking Your dad's like, shut up, dude. Just go with It is just fucking great. Yeah. Well that's, that's kind of cool though. So you were literally just, how did that happen? You were just shredding for your paw And. He was like, let's get the fuck outta here, bro. Yeah. Fuck contracting. Let's go play music. Right? I mean, yeah, we're going like, we would tour just like everywhere we could to get me back in time to go to school the next day. And I, I, I always kinda looked at it like, you know, the tribe goes out and hunts. Yeah, Yeah. Like you become a certain age, you just go out with the men and hunt.


Fuck dude. That's what it kind of felt like. Yeah, that makes sense. What kind of like stuff were you seeing? Like was there, was it like wild? Was it kind of like Yeah, pretty chill and tame. It was Fucking crazy. Especially like, by the time I gotta be like 13. I started booking my own gigs outside of my dad's band. So I was like 13 and 14 is when I got my learner's permit. And I had to have a licensed driver in the car. So I had like my two, you know. But you got your permit? Oh, I make, wait, when is the, when do you, when can you drive? So I'm from South Carolina. So in South Carolina I got like a working permit because I was able to work at that age. Gotcha. So I got that, which was like super restricted.


And I could drive with a license driver in the car. And it was like an extended, you know, learner's Program kind of Thing. So I had a bass player who was 18. My drummer was like 35 with kids. And I just, I had like grown men and I had like a fake email I would book us, you know? Yeah, Yeah. Have us working like four or five nights a week. And I'd end up in like Asheville, North Carolina. And there's like crazy old bartender lady was just like trying to, you know, teach me about being a man and just like all these crazy stories. She was trying to usher you into trying to, she was trying to awaken you. Usher Me into adulthood. Yeah. Damn, dude.


Some wild stories out there. Yeah. How'd you feel about that? At 13? I mean, Florida, I'm guessing It was pretty exhilarating. Yeah. So you was, you were, I guess, I mean, did you look younger because you know you were just a boy. Yeah. I, Just a Punk. But you had your permit. So I did have my per, I was driving my 94 Pontiac Transport minivan and I had my rig, the, the pa. I had my bass player's rig. It was a good deal for him. Yeah. And like I found out like later, like we would go work in Asheville, North Carolina twice a week. We'd go up on Monday, I'd play a gig. And unbeknownst to me, He was like moving some serious weight and I didn't realize that he was just like filling his gig bag with like a qp.


Every time we go up, we'd come back down to Greenville. I think the statue of limitations were good now. But he'd come back and then move it and then we'd go back up and play a different gig Thursday. That's So funny. And he'd pay the guy. But we used to work this club called The Hole in the Wall. It was spelled a hole in Dough Wall. Yeah. And like a couple people got stabbed And, they maintained damn, you know, their liquor license. And then somebody got shot and killed. That's when they closed down finally. Really? But I Was like all the 14 years old in there working And, they Just driving crops around. No idea. Yeah. Had a QP on you. Yeah, dude. It is like on your learn permit. Sketchy as hell. I got, I don't know how I got outta some of the situations I was in, but Yeah.


You Know. So did you ever have a job then? Or you just did the music stuff? When I was 16, I had a, I had a job at Mellow Mushroom. I actually like that place a lot. Meow Mushroom's pretty good. Yeah, pretty good. I got fired twice from that same job. But the manager was a buddy of mine and just Pretty mellow about it. He was pretty chill. He was chill. So they, they fired you got the fire rehire. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Fired. So what did you get fired? Was it him who fired you? Or like the hires that fired you and then you kind of had your able to come back? So I was working back of the house. I was a dishwasher. And then I got fired just for being kind of a slacker. Yeah. And then I came back and I was front of the house and I was trying to like quasi unionize the hosts.


'cause we did everything. We bust the tables, you know, we took drink orders and you know, we didn't get tipped out at the end of the day. And I think, you know, I was being a little bit too, You I see what you're saying. You wanted on the waiter steps. Yeah. I was like, dude, what's, what's going on with this? You know, like we work our asses off and Yeah. Let us get some of that backend. Some, some restaurants do that though. I've worked in restaurants where as a busboy you'd get a little bit of the waitresses tips. Yeah. And it was kind, it was a, I mean it was a pittance dude. They were making probably like 400 bucks a night. And. they would, they'd slide you like 40 bucks. You'd be like, sweet. Yeah. The money got funny. I got the bartender tips. There was a bartender named Matt. I worked in a restaurant. There's a bartender named Matt. So they gave me the wrong envelope and I was just like, oh, I was, I would get like 40 bucks as a bus boy and I had like $400 in an envelope and I was just like, fuck.


Yeah. Like we gave you the wrong envelope. I was like, no you didn't. I don't Think you Did. Yeah. He was like, I don't think you did re like no, we did. I'm like, nope. Said mad on it. Like how much was in it? I'm like, man, I don't even remember. You gotta, you gotta have a little bit of hustle about you. Yeah man. I mean, dude, if someone hands you an envelope of cash now I would've, obviously I'd return it to the rightful owner. But back then I was, I was a bit of a dog. I'd be like, nah, that's mine. I'm thinking that. Right. So you had, so you started as a kid. That's crazy. I didn't know you could even start. I guess you can't do it anymore. Maybe. I don't know, man. I don't, I don't know really how I worked around that. Yeah. But I was really, you know, I knew what I wanted to do from a young age. So I had that going for me. I had a lot of gumption. Yeah. So I just wanted to get the fuck outta there.


What were like, so what were, was there any like nightmares or, I mean, I'm sure there were just like absolute nightmare gigs or like any meltdown. Have you ever freaked out on stage and melted down? Well, I played a cruise one time. We used to work the cruise circuit a little bit like blues cruises and shit. And like this particular blues cruise. I mean, I had gone off one morning And, he was trying to find some drugs and like the first like T-shirt vendor guy I came to, this was in like one of the little port cities in Mexico. And I was like, you know what, I can find a little, you know, weed. And he's like, I think you want something a little stronger. And like, I was like, how, how'd you know? How'd you fucking know?


And I got in the van with him, And. he took me out in the middle of nowhere. And. they like, I mean they gave me some good coke, but they robbed me, robbed me blunt and like took me to A ATM and strongly suggested I pull out some more money for the driver. Oh, I see. So they they did sell you the coke? Yeah. And. they Were like, but they did half of it with me. Oh, Okay. It was kind of a smooth grift. Yeah. You can't be too mad. You are like, well we sold. So they basically were like, it'll be this amount took you to the a TM be like withdraw funds. Yeah. And sent you on your way with half of it. It's kind of, It was kind like, are you not gonna tip my mom for all the tequila you drank? Yeah. You are not gonna tip the driver. They Was just stress You out and like, man, you just took all my money. I don't have, they're like, well there's at TM right here, man. You should get. So it was a, it was a smooth grift.


I respect the hustle, but they didn't kill me, which is nice. Yeah, that's sweet. But I got back on the boat and I, you know, I had a lot, I had a real bad drinking problem and you know, on those cruise ships it was international water. So a lot of, a lot of people would kind of turn the other way. I was 18 and 19. Yeah. Yeah. You know, it was kinda like, we're out in the middle of the ocean, this kid can drink. You know? Dude, I got served on a cruise at like 14. Right. I was with my friend's family went on a cruise and we were just ordering beer And. they were like, whatever. Yeah. They didn't care at all. They didn't give a shit. 'cause it's just all the, like, for the most part, like on the Norwegian boats, it was all like Indonesian workers. Yeah. I noticed. And yeah, they would serve me, but I, I had a meltdown on that cruise on a blues cruise.


I was like on a blues cruise way too drunk and just like had a full cup like the size of this coffee cup of just whiskey. Neat. And just dropped it and it spilled all over the fucking stage. And I was just, I got pissed off. Started throwing furniture around. Damn. In the lounge. What happened? Did they, did you get fired from the blues crews? No. No. They was like, Whatever they asked us back the next year. It's kind of tight. If I was at a blues cruise and the dude just melted down on stage, I'd be like, this is fucking rules. Yeah. I mean it was the most punk rock thing happening on that boat. Did you still play or did you not play that night? That was after the gig. Oh really? I always managed to get through the show.


Yeah. Yeah. You know, that's when I, the last time I put, you know, I quit drinking and I've quit drinking many times. Yeah. But the last time was, 'cause I was still able to get the shows done and as long as I was getting the shows done, like nobody was really too concerned about me. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, and that's no good because I can always get the, I can always get the work done. Really. 'cause I love it, you know? Yeah. How Drunk can you get and play? I've always wondered that I can get really drunk and play. But singing is a whole other thing. You Just mumble through it. Start jawing and just, Is it drinking and coke or just drinking? Yeah, they're, Well, Two peas in a pod. Oh Yeah. Yeah. The best peas.


Somebody like sometimes, you know, when I'm playing like, and I think all guitars are guitar players are guilty of this. Like, may is a real culprit of like just the crazy mouth shit that you do. Yeah. Yeah. Because you're kind of just, you're not thinking and you're reacting. But they posted a video on me playing and somebody was like, this dude's totally gacked up. And I don't really usually respond, but like, I let it just simmer for like 48 hours. And I responded and I was like, dude, you have no idea how much I miss cocaine. So. So you weren't even all coach? No. You were making guitar face. I was, yeah. I was just guitar facing everybody though. Yeah. Anyone plays Guitar, which is the same as cocaine face. True.


Oh yeah. You start getting like, you know, yeah, that makes sense. You can kind of fly under the radar I guess. 'cause if you're, yeah, you're like, you're not like I was just making guitar face. I'm not Coke outta, I don't like Coke by the way. Yeah. I mean I don't, I've never done it to be fair. I just, I don't like the idea of it. I heard it's everyone I tell it to, they go, You should try it. It's fantastic. And I say, no, I'm not going to. I don't like I. just, I don't like it. I got convinced at a young age. I was like, that shit's fucking, it's bad. Yeah. Don't listen to those guys Think it's bad. My dad's only advice to me was like, never do cocaine. 'cause you'll love it. Which I absolutely did. Yeah. He was right. Yeah. Yeah. People do it casually now too. A lot of younger people I talk to are just like, oh dude, like we're just bumping some coke and And.


they like, they're like young like frat kids now. Just do blow. Yeah. It was like when I went to college, that was a big deal. If you did coke, it was kind of like, a lot of people did it, but it was kind of like, now it's, it's as acceptable now I think as smoking weed. Right. I could be wrong. I don't, you know, I don't frequent frat, but just like the stuff I hear about it, like, yeah dude, we do some bumps and get out there. And I'm like, dude, people just like hide. I was younger. People were like, hi, people still, I guess kind of do hide a little bit. Right. That was always kind of my thing was like, you'd be at a party and then everyone would be in the bathroom and there's like 30 of you in the bathroom. Like, why don't we just bust this out on the coffee table Instead Of all crowding around the toilet? Well that, Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I I just, my problem is I didn't do it and I knew people who did and I hung out with people on Coke, not on Coke a lot.


And I was like, this fucking sucks. So it really kind of turned me off to it forever. Right. Because it's brutal, dude. Yeah. Someone's on Coke and you're not, it's like, please get me the fuck outta here. Yeah. That's a tough hang. It's a Wildly tough hang. It's Not, it's not fun. So bro, you fucking go. You're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. They're, they always got big ideas, but, But shredding on stage, GED out and drunk is probably pretty tight. You know, pros and cons. It's probably kind of fun. I mean, Whatever the buzz is that you like, it's pretty nice. Yeah. Having it while you're doing what you love, you know. Yeah. But then, well, here's, this is a question for you. Do like, do you even now off of, you know, that, is it really because I, I think a lot of that for me is like a kind of a blanket over inferiority issues.


So like, a lot of it kind of like just gets you able to like get out there and do your thing. You're pretty good, obviously a guitar. You're fantastic at it. Do you, thank you still have those, like, do you feel like you need to kind of drug yourself a little bit to kind of per like was it that, was it that the issue? Or is it just you could perform, but it was like, yeah, why not? I might as well party. I think that was a lot of it because now like the stage fright, it's like so much worse. It Is, It is Worse. Yeah. So much worse. Like being sober. Yeah. You know, and like just having a little something that gets you out there and just having that confidence. Yeah. Because It is a lot of inferiority and you get out there and like, once I'm like five minutes in, I'm like, alright, this will be all right. Yeah. But like those five minutes before Showtime, I'm just, you know.


Yeah. And you can't address it. I've always wondered if you can go out. I've done that with standup. You'd be like, ah. I'm like, like the fuck around. Like, yeah. I'm kind of having like a panic, panic attack for the first five minutes. And like, like crowds are like, stop that right Now. They don't Like it. We don't want to hear this shit. We want to see you perform. Yeah. It's like, you Know, yeah. Dance. I've tried to address it many times and they're like, they're like, no, just play the song. Yeah. That's unfortunate. But yeah, I mean it, that's, I mean, you know, stand up is similar where it's like you have to do it. And I'm the same way. I, I can just inhabit like a mental torture chamber. I'm better now with it. 'cause I feel like what's helped me is instead of focusing on myself, I, just focus on the people who are watching it. And like, I'm just gonna do my best to let them have fun.


Yeah. And like, when you get out of your like, I need to be great. I need to be the best. And just be like, it's literally, they call it de reflection. There's like a term for it where you're just like, I want these guys to have a good time. And you focus on making them have a good time rather than like, am I doing good enough? And it, dude, it, I think it makes everything a lot easier. I mean, That's, and you have fun. Like, you end up having more fun, which, you know Right. It runs counter to all the stuff you hear where it's like, you have to suffer. If you suffer, then the good things will happen. It's like you cannot suffer and good things will happen too. Right. Just, you know, takes half your life to learn that. And by then you're like, oh fuck, I wish I knew that. Right. I mean, like, the philosophical thing behind it. Like we were talking about Rick Rubin and his book. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And his whole thing is like, put the audience last, which was always really foreign to me because I'm like you, I like to, you know, you call it de reflection, right?


Yeah. Yeah. It is like, as long as they're having a good time, I'm, I'm cool. Yeah. And I've also got a seven piece band behind me so I can kind of lean on them. Yeah. And like try to entertain them to a degree and not focus on the, the larger audience in front of me. Yeah. That's worked for me in the past, but I couldn't imagine being up there alone. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. 'cause I've, I've tried to play music a couple times and that's harder for me. 'cause you're getting, when you're doing standup, you're getting feedback in real time. Like, if people aren't laughing, you know, it's like, red alert, this isn't going well, this isn't going well. But when I would, so like And, they laugh, it relaxes you. Yeah. When, when I would play music, I would, the whole time I would just like watch people in the crowd.


Like, dude, do they fucking hate this? I would just stare. Then the song would be over and a couple people would clap and I'd be like, I guess that's good. There's no, like, you're not getting that feed. The feedback kind of relaxes you and stand. Everyone says that it does music, like standup's crazy. It's like, I don't know. I think it's easier. I could be wrong. I mean, that's A, that's a wild take. Having a band behind you. I mean, I'm also, I'd be, I wasn't that good though, so I'd be worried about like, missing a string and I'd be like, fuck. So I don't know. I mean, as long as I got my boys with me, like they, they kinda keep me humble. Yeah. Yeah. My drummer points out a lot of the mistakes I make. Really? Yeah. He's, he's a stickler. Really? Oh, that's good though. It's good to have.


You gotta have, yeah. You can't get Too loose. Yeah. You can't get too loose. Especially if you're, I mean, I guess you could, if somebody fucks up, if I'm like watching a band and somebody like fucks up a chord and like kinda laughs and keeps playing, I'm not gonna be like, What, the Fuck Was that Right? You don't ask for your money back. Yeah. But I mean, we also grew up in the service industry. True. So I, I only was in the restaurants briefly. I did construc Well, construction, but similar. It's like, yeah. I mean, it's not similar, but Yeah. You, you, you do, you actually, I guess when you do that kind of work that you do, like I, I've heard this from waiters especially. They're like, people who do construction usually leave like blue collar type jobs. Whatever It is, they usually leave better tips. Yeah. Just because they're like, you know what it's like to be at a job that sucks. You're like, yeah, here's, you know, Here's The money.


Yeah. It's tough. That shit sucks. I mean, what you're doing sucks. What I'm doing sucks. Here's some extra money. Yeah. I, I've, yeah, I've heard the same thing. And I was in the service industry long enough to, to realize like, you Know, meow we talking me meow mushroom Talking mellow mushroom at the end, man. Just, I was there just long enough. I was a mellow man just long enough to, you know, not get frustrated about how long it's gonna be for a wait for a table. Yeah, That makes sense. Yeah. It'd be like, all right, man. Yeah. Especially if you work in a restaurant. Dude, I used to, I worked, actually, you know what, I take that back. I was in my brother's taco truck and I remember like, when people are waiting for their food, they're, they're like very, they're like, especially angry.


Like if you're in a restaurant and you're like, Hey, we took the day off, we're closed. People show up and they're like, they're furious. Like, you see, I'd do it if I show up to a place And. they like, they normally open, they're closed. It takes me like 10 seconds to calm down. Because you're like thinking it's like primal. You're thinking of a meal you're about to eat. Yeah. And they're like, you can't have it. And you're like, Alright, that's Fine man. But it, it fucks you up. But yeah. Yeah. So I, I remember like trying, we were in like a little lunch truck, so I would just watch people waiting angrily and just be like, my brother would be cooking in the back. And I'd be like, just another couple minutes everybody. And then like, you'd run out of food and there'd be a guy who's waiting half an hour and you'd have to be like, bro, we're outta food, bro. My bad. And they'd be like, What the Fuck. And you're like, yeah, I get it, man. That's How you get an active shooter on your hands.


I know, I know, I know. It is really primal. You know, It Is, man, dude, if I waited for a half an hour, like, Hey, we don't have any food. My bad, here's your money back. Yeah. I'd freak. Yeah. I'd call the cops. I'd be like, I'm calling the fucking police. That happened to us recently with my drummer actually. Like, everybody finally got their meal and like, what he wanted, they were like, they came around, gave everybody their food and ha And, they didn't bring his And. they were like, oh yeah, we're actually outta that. And. He was like, why are you just now telling me, you know, And? they were like, you want something else And? he was, No, he, he fasted, he, He's a grump when it comes to food. Like Dude, a lot of people are. Yeah. He hunger striked. I would've done a hunger strike as well. I've be like, I won't eat.


Then He protested. I'll be hungry and you guys will pay for it. He just sat there and watched everyone eat. Damn, dude. Yeah. So how was it? So you said you did your last album with Rick Rubin. Yep. How was that? It was, it was interesting, man. I mean, it was, it was a long process. 'cause he's super mysterious guy. That dude, I was trying to figure out what the guy, I had seen him in stuff and I was like, I learned he doesn't play any instruments. Right. Plays no instruments. And I was like, how does he produce all these, like all this musical stuff? And I, it almost his mystery, almost perverted my mind to being a hater, where I was like, I think he's full of shit.


Right. And then I read his book and I'm like, fuck, this is the coolest dude I think that might've ever lived. It's Super interesting. It, the book's awesome Because he does try, like, the way I've explained It is he's like, he's like a ambassador of music for the human population. Dude, I'd hear, I would hear shit like that. I'd be like, shut the fuck up. And then I read his book and I'm, yeah, he could do that. I was like, he's he for real. It might just be the coolest dude. Yeah. And he'd, he'd come in and we'd listen to stuff and, you know, he's always like, just barefoot And. he wears like, you know, these tie fisherman pants, which are like these huge Pants. Yeah. I wanna wear those so fucking bad. I don't have the courage. I don't either. You know how much courage it took me to wear my biohacking ring? Dude, this is my, or ring.


I've been hiding under the table. Dude. I'm not a two ring man. Yeah. I'm, I got rings. Yeah. Yeah. I am. Fuck that dude. Rock. My wife won't let me wear the, the Thai fisherman pants. Why not? She hates 'em. We have to, let me, let me google these things real quick. Yeah. I wanna see, I think I know what you're, they're like the long flowy, like almost kung fu master looking pants. Big time. Fuck yeah. Fuck dude. I'm just, Fuck Yeah, Dude. That's all I wanna wear. Every time I see people in them, I'm like, I'm a coward and I won't wear these things. And it, it doesn't work for me. So, so does my wife. But he would just, he would roll, he'd flow in with those and like a big iced coffee and, or like a tea And.


he would just, like, he lays down in meetings a lot. What, like while he is talking to you, he just lays down. So, and then how did you feel? So you, who produced your other album? You had other people produce it obviously? Yeah. Well I've worked with like Dan Auerbach from The Black Keys. I worked with his producer named Dave Cobb, who did a lot of the Chris Stapleton and Sturgill Simpson stuff. Yeah. I've worked with a lot of different producers and all of 'em kind of have their weird quirk. Yeah. And at a certain point you gotta step back and remember like, you know, I'm paying for this guy to produce the record, so I'm gonna lean into like, their process. Yeah. So a lot of personality mirroring, like end up laying down on the adjacent couch talking to Rick.


Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. Fuck dude. I'm like, I'm, I'll take my shoes off and lay down and talk to you And. he just, because his book, the way he, the way he approaches his book is pretty cool. And you were saying he instructs you the opposite. He, he's like, fuck the audience, do your thing. Yeah. It's like, it's so hard to do. And that and that book, like, I read it after we worked together and like, hearing him talk and like, I mean, he's a, he's a big, he practices what he preaches, you know? Yeah. And he's such a big fan of music and of comedy too. Like, he loves comedy. And I was in Italy working with him when he was about to, you know, go on Rogan and talk about his book. Yeah. And, He was like nervous, you know? It was, it was really to see him kind of have these like human emotions.


Yeah. 'cause I guess you kind of like legend him in your mind. You're like, dude, he doesn't, Rick Bowman doesn't get nervous. You can't wear, You think about him, you think about him floating and shit. Yeah. And Flying Lotus Telling you anyone I would recommend his book. I like started. Especially if you're like, trying to write something or do something. Or even, like, if you're just like trying to chill at your job. That's my mission right now is like, how can I just make my inner world as peaceful as possible? It's obviously hard, dude. I fail all day every day. But It is his book. You read it and you're like, damn, this is, it's a cool approach to just like, sitting, brainstorming, letting like, ideas flow, letting him take shape and like creating things. It's, you know, so that's, that's the one thing I think a lot of people who aren't in, like, when I, whenever heard the term, like, I'm a creative, I, I, I dislike it because I think anyone can do a cool, like you can like build something in your backyard.


Yeah. You can do like all this stuff. And I think that's, a lot of people get frustrated 'cause they'd have no creative outlet. It's like, I think it's a, you know, it's like a God-given Right. For every man or person or girl, whatever, to like do something other than like, wake up, stare at your phone, go to a job you hate, go home, watch TV, and go to, I think that's like it. It kills you. Yeah. Really, Dude, build a thing. Draw, draw something, dude. It gives a fuck. Yeah. But they, if you read that Ruben book, I think that helps people like get out their head. Like, I read it and it was just fantastic. Yeah. I'd recommend it to anybody. 'cause I, I agree with you man. I think anybody can do something creative and it really just, it helps you Dude, dig like a fish pond. Yeah. Like that would be all I, I wanna do that, dude.


It's like, you can do literally, people think like it. I, in my opinion, it's like the commercial aspect is like a hard kind of brick wall for a lot of people. 'cause if they think of something that's like deemed like creative or artistic, they go, well I could never sell that. It's like, who gives a fuck dude? Right. Just build a fucking statue in your yard. You're a little crazy. But it's like you, the satisfaction you would get if you got good at building a statue, digging like a fish pond, anything like that. I mean, it's, it's un it's unmatched. You gotta be okay with failing. Yeah. And that's the approach I take to every gig. If I can find like that transcendental place Yeah. On stage. And it's so, it's hard. But like, I think I even heard you talk about this, like, if you're doing something like, like the assembly line, you know, you're doing a repetitive motion over and over.


Oh yeah. Yeah. It kinda unlocks like that creative side of your brain. That's what, fuck, what was that guy's name? I think Adam Smith, that was the guy who found He, was like one of the thinkers in capitalism. He thought that was what he thought though. And I, I think It is right. 'cause if I, when I would paint houses, especially if you're doing a repetitive task, it does unlock you to think about other stuff. But he had this dream where like people would work in like dog food factories and then like just start coming up with these sick ideas. And it turns out it's like, no, a lot of people will just stare at a fucking wall too. So. that is that. But I, I agree. If you have that capacity to like, for your mind to float, it's like, yeah. When you do something that's like, like manual labor intensive, your brain really can, yeah.


Like my wife, you know, when she started her, she has like a trucker hat company and she started it out of our garage and I'd just go down there and make boxes and I'd make the same box over and over and over again. And I would come up with so many ideas and I would just write 'em down, you know? Yeah. And it kinda led me to like, you know, now when I write, a lot of times I'll have like a show that I've seen a thousand times, like The Office or like the Big Lebowski, something that I've seen a million times that'll kind of get those gears turning. Yeah. So it's kind of stimulating my brain, but I don't have to think about what's gonna happen. 'cause I know what the, you know. No, that's a cool idea. And I used to trash Adam Smith for his take when he would be like, yeah, you're gonna get guys in factories.


They're gonna unlock the next level and unleash all the secrets. Right. When in reality they were just, a lot of 'em were just bored to death. But yeah, I do agree though. I, it, that works for me too. If I, when I would do manual labor, any of that stuff where like, I used to have to my, it was working with my dad and my uncles And. they would like knock a building down, pick up like concrete, like chunks of rock, bricks, plastic, metal and wood And. they would just dump it and you had to separate them into like those five categories. Yeah. And I would do that for like eight hours a day. And like, dude, you really do, like, you can't hit a flow state. Yeah. It's pretty tight. There's something, something healing about that in my mind. Like having a task and just getting it done. Like we've been in the moving process. I'm like, I gotta get this couch from here to the truck, from the truck to the storage unit and just like doing it and just sweating and like, like earning your rest at the end of the night, Dude.


And I'm telling you, man, people like, 'cause I, I've worked, I've done jobs that are purely physical. My dad worked with my dad. He's like, look, I need you from the neck down today. I don't want to hear anything. Just, I don't need any ideas. I just like that need to lift that and put that there. She, 'cause I'd be like, what if we do it this way? He'd be like, don't want to hear it. Do that there to there. That's it. But like, yeah. And it's like when you use, when you do a job, I always want it to have a job where I just use my brain. But then it's like, you do get to the point where like, dude, I would love to move some boxes right now. Yeah. And people who move all day, like, fuck you dude. You think I'm like, dude, you don't understand. Like, just let me, when I like get to carry shit. Like if I do yard work, I mean heaven, dude. But if the thing is, if you do it all day every day, you're like, all right man, fuck this. It sucks.


Right? Yeah. But good point. You hit a dead end in the conversation. So, and you, how many albums do you have? Four. Do you have, or five. So it's kinda weird the way it was. So I did three records with my guys called, it was Marcus. King Band. Yeah. And then I did a record called El Dorado. And it wasn't my guys, it was the first album I did without my band. So I didn't feel right calling it Marcus King Band and I just thought this would make everything a lot simpler. And it actually just kind of convoluted everything.


'cause now I see articles that refer to me as like the former lead singer of the Marcus King band, which is like a brain pretzel. Just Yeah. You Know? It doesn't make any sense. Marcus King. AKA formerly singer, the Marcus King band. Yeah. It's still the same band. Or at least my drummer. You know, relationships kind of ebb and flow and you grow. Yeah. And some people don't grow with you. And then you come to those hard moments in life where you kind of have to move on. And, they have to move on or, or stay behind. Yeah. But I've got three out with my group and I think three as a solo artist as it were. Okay. But it's still my band on the road.


And me and my band just did a record together that we're gonna put out next year. Okay. So you, you guys, you guys were the Marcus King band. Yeah. And then you went solo. When you, what were the musicians you used when you went solo? Did you just, did you just like bring different people in here or there? Or did you have a different band that was with you when you did solo stuff? Was it some of your Marcus King band? Like how'd that work? Right. So. that, that was another like, you know, kind of trust the, you know, the process. When I worked with Dan Auerbach, he's like, I got, you know, like if you like the Memphis Boys, they worked on all like the Dusty Springfield, Elvis Presley, Bobby Womack, that kind of thing. And they're all like 80 years old, but they're incredible musicians.


And, they played on that record with me and just watching them work was just astounding, dude. A record with 80 year olds. Oh yeah. That's Crazy. That record El Dorado, everybody on that record's like 70 plus. Damn dude. Yeah. How was that? It was, it was incredible. They must be like wizards at that point. They are. I mean, it was, it was, it was really just like, you know, you know, how do you say like, yeah, like wizards. That's crazy. Yeah. You can't really hate on, that's what I was curious about. The people get. Like that's, it's a tough thing. Like my, I think I was saying this, they're like, when you have a band, it's like having like five girlfriends because you really do have to like, you have to maintain all, that's the one thing I will say standup's easier.


'cause if you have a band, you have to like, maintain all these different schedules, all these different people's lives, all these wants and needs. Where if like, it, it's gotta be difficult. It's like a marriage. Yeah. It really is. And it gets, it gets hard. Yeah. How so how was the, was the solo move to like, doing solo stuff kind of freeing? Or like, how'd you feel about it? I mean, in some ways it was freeing and you know, like now I just really crave like that familial aspect and like working together as a team. Yeah. To have something that's creatively like ours. And we did that. We cut it down in Macon, Georgia and Macon Georgia is just a really fascinating place to me.


Like Mm. They've got like this export, it's like this powdery substance that they have reservoirs there for. It's like this protein that you need it to, it's like Colyte or something like that. You know what I'm talking about? No. Making Georgia exports a protein powder. Yeah. Not a protein powder, but like, it's like a, it's like a natural resource that you need to build like most shit. Oh, Okay. I hear what you're, what saying? Saying. Yeah. Yeah. So, so they mine it. Yeah. Gotcha. So like, because of that, it's all like still mom and pop there. They don't have like a lot of chain places Yeah. In that town. So it's like a really old school feeling town. And we went there and cut a record. It was really, really cool.


That's pretty tight. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like Neil Young had something similar with his, his band was Crazy Horse, I think. And I think he would like go off and on where he like would do a solo thing, come back with crazy Horse, do a solo thing, come back and, and I was like thinking about Crosby, stills, Nash and Young a lot. And like all those dude had, they had their band then they had their own little solo things. Yeah. It's pretty cool, man. Yeah. I mean, I've always kind of thought about Neil Young. Yeah. Like as somebody to model a career after. 'cause he, he kind of accomplished that idea of having a band, having a solo shit. And then Yeah, he did, you know, do whatever. He fucking crushed it. He, he had that, that catalog in the eighties was wild. Dude. We got into Kota phones. Dude, that, that was fucking crazy.


I haven't dug much into his catalog in the eighties. He had a, I feel like he like just crush. He real, like crushed it straight through the eighties. He just did his own He was like chilling with Devo a lot. That's interesting. Which I could see that if I was in the seventies and eight. I've never heard of eighties music and it was coming out. I would dip my toes into it as well. Right. And then he came back in the nineties real hard. And, you know, he's been touring for what, forever? 50, 50, 60 years. That's one, that's one fellow I'd really like to meet. Yeah. But you know, like he, he's a Grump dude. I heard he's a grump. My dad loves Neil Young And. he, he will come home from his concert. He's like, he's fucking bitching about politics again. Fucking god damn. He gets so mad. He's like fucking crying about the goddamn president.


Because my dad loves Neil Young. My dad loves Al Stewart. And my dad's seen Al Stewart 40 fucking times. He's seen Neil Young a bunch of times. He's like, You are fucking Neil Young is crying about fucking politics again. And. he would come home all pissed off. Yeah. That's my dad. My dad went to see Al Stewart recently in Poconos in like the mountains in Pennsylvania. And He was like, it was just be, it was him and a bunch of gay guys. My dad said these two, these two gay guys are singing every song right next to him. And, he is like, dude, I just couldn't focus on Al Stewart. Wow. But yeah, I grew up, my dad was a big, my, I think my dad was a huge fan of music. He, he had this like when we, we were younger, he had this, it was like this double sided cassette case where he would, he just had like 48 tapes.


Like little like cassette tapes, And. he would carry it around his truck and he'd always just like blast different, like, dude going to work with him was so fun. 'cause he would just blast like Neil Young and all these other just like seventies. Like we got into like NXS for a while. Which is funny. Hmm. Yeah. It was weird, man. He had, he had a very like, kind of eclectic music taste. Right. And. he would just j he would get home from work And. he would just like hit a tape in the deck, fired up and just sit by a fire and just blast albums. It was really nice. I mean, it's It is, It is great to have that growing up. Yeah. People who have an eclectic sense of or taste in music. My dad was like that. My grandfather listened to a lot of country in Western. My grandmother loved like Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra. And my father loved rock and roll.


So I had a really eclectic kind of mix of music. Yeah. When I come home from school. Yeah. I always felt, I don't know I've ever, like, have you ever been in someone's house and there's just like, no music at all? Or like riding in a car with somebody and there's no music. Yeah. So it's a psychopath move. It Is a psychopath move. You know, I'll try. I used to have a very, I, I've gotten better with this, but I'd be very nervous to play music for other people. 'cause I think they would listen to 'em and be like, Yo this fucking, it's from having older brothers. Oh yeah. So I'm worried they'll listen to him be like, Yo, this sucks, dude, you're a loser. So I would do a thing where I'd play music, but I'd play it very quietly. Which is almost worse than silence. 'cause people are kind of like, what? Like, it's like Water torture. Yeah.


Like, what are you doing? Like, play the fucking song and turn it off. Because I would play and I would like maybe like, well turn it up a little bit. It was just psycho thing I would do. Or like, nobody, no one's thinking about it. Like, you never get into someone's car and you're like, What, the Fuck is this. Yeah. Just like, oh there's music on. Right. But yeah, I'm always, you know, Just a glimpse into my tortured fucking world, dude. Well, I mean, you're talented at what you do, so there's gotta be some torture in there. True. I need Ruben. I need Ruben to lay down with me. Dude. Ob you know, as friends, dude to lay down, head to head. Paul hell paws. Head to head yoga pants. That's gotta be so cool though, dude. Like, what do you do when you're sitting there with that guy? I would, I would BI think I might bug that guy until he leaves.


I'd be like, oh Rick, what should I do with this dude? Should I like close my eyes and like, like what should I do to you? Well, like the first day I met him, 'cause he, he just cold called me and I showed up at the studio out in Malibu and I pulled up and like I noticed he was in front of his Airstream trailer And. he was interviewing Mike Campbell from the Heartbreakers. And it's like the two most like, you know, distinctive looking dudes ever. Yeah. Sitting out there and like, my window's down from the car and I'm at the gate and I just hear the director's like, cut. There's a fucking car in the background. And like, I ruin that, take And, they open the gate and I go up to the main house and I start checking out amps.


And like, the way Rick likes to have his studios laid out, it's all really open and all the doors are open and like, you can hear everything. Like when I was recording in the chapel, I could hear the red hot chili peppers cutting. 'cause you know, Chad Smith is such a distinctive sound and drummer. But I went up there and started trying out these amps and then this poor intern runs up and starts yelling at me. 'cause I ruined another take just from playing these amps. So I said, I haven't met him at this Point, but they're filming a movie. They were filming that documentary that to Petty documentary. Oh, I got you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I fucked up a couple takes and, but when he came in, he, you know, he didn't even mention it, man. He's, he's a really cool dude. And. he is a fan first.


Yeah. And that record was difficult because Rick like migrates with like the weather that he likes. So he'll be in Malibu for a few months and then he goes to like Costa Rica, then he goes to Hawaii and then he goes to Tuscany, And. he just kind of migrates with like, Why to take a break, dude, he's so fucking cool, dude. So you, you had to like go to all these different little places. Yeah. So it, it was challenging, you know? Yeah. I mean it was truly challenging. And, he put me through a lot of shit. Yeah. Like, I wrote for like six months and we didn't use any of it. What, how, what was that? What, how did you decide not to use it? Was he just kind of like, do you like that? Do you really like that? Yeah. And me, he, he made me more intro, like introspective with all of it.


Because the whole record, the concept was mental health and like, you know, my struggles with mental health and like, he wanted to just be as bare bones with it as possible. Yeah. Like no metaphors. Yeah. So I'd write something that I thought would be appealing to a listener and he's like, no, you Know, that's sucks dude. Probably especially very calmly be like, no. Yeah, we're not gonna use that. Yeah. And And, he doesn't like to be in the room during the creative process. He'll come in after the fact and then just like make little notes and adjustments and then he'll just like kind of drift away, which is unlike anything. So the record took like two and a half years to finish.


That's kind Of cool. Which Is interesting 'cause like you listen to the record, like I can listen to it and like some songs I wrote when I was with my ex and like out there writing about her and how I was unhappy in this relationship, didn't know how to, you know, communicate it. So I was writing about that. And then there's songs from when that relationship ended and I kind of just became a train wreck. Yeah. It was just like all heavy metal. Yeah. I was just, I was abusing everything. And, and then kind of after the fact, like when I met my now wife, like So the record kind of takes me on this journey. And I don't know if he like had the foresight for that.


Yeah, that's kind of nuts. So you have songs from like a period of like, you know, domestic, you know, let's call it domestic kind of hell, like a hellish domestic situation where like it's disintegrating, blah, blah, blah, drug abuse period, and then kind of like, you know, greener pastures. Yeah. It's kind of fucking cool. And I'm thankful for that. And, and in any other circumstance I wouldn't have had, you know, They would've churned it out, like pop it out, put it Out. Yeah. Because I've done records in six days. I've done records in, you know, two weeks, but never, like, more than like a month. Damn. You know? Damn. That's crazy. So for like two and a half years, it's really just a full journey. It's like the full, like circle.


That is pretty cool. And when did that come, when did that come out for? I'm sorry. I'm like, It came out in April. Okay. Nice man. Yeah. That's awesome. So it's pretty new. It's It is pretty fresh still, but you know, we kind of have our sight set on like the next thing. Yeah. And you know, like this honky tonk shit is like popular again up big time. I grew up playing in the honky tonks and like, it's like in my blood, my family's from the Appalachias, I'm bringing the fiddle back out. I'm like, this shit's hot. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, Dude, the fiddle does move me, dude. When I hear the fiddle, it does, it does something to me. There's something about us whites, man. When we hear that fiddle, we, we get it going. It's especially a hard fucking shrill note on a fiddle. I started, I started thinking like, I might grab someone's arm, dude, I might do a DOI dough.


The thing like that Ruben did too in his book where he is like, stop reading the news. Like stop taking in all this bullshit entertainment news. Like, just knock it off, read the classics, try to like, take in, it was like a, not didn't even, it's an entertainment diet, but just like, he's like, think of it like the food you eat And. he iss like, stop taking in this shit. Like, stop. You don't need to read the news. Fuck it. Don't worry about the news. Read classic novels. Read this, read that, you know, to your own taste. You don't have to read, try to read like, like wildly complex Shakespeare stuff. But He was like, yeah, just stop taking in bullshit information. It's funny, Whenever someone is like, fuck the news. I'm like, yes, dude. Yeah, you get it. I like, I like hearing that. I don't even have a, a news source really that I trust right now.


Yeah. And I don't really know where to get my news. I mean, I just kind of overhear a lot of it. Yeah. I, I do like, I will spazz check the news before podcasts sometimes if I have nothing to talk about. And I, I don't, I, something happened to me when I was like, I think like 22, I got, I was very high. I was stoned. I was just very high and I was watching the, I had like, you know, you go to, I'd see the news on like, my parents would watch it and I'd be like, well, fuck the news. And I would be like, this sucks. And I would like run away. And then like, I watch it as an adult for the first time, like at my brother's house, just stoned to death. And I, I was like, this looks, it looked like the homeroom show in my high school. I was like, this is fake. Yeah.


Something happened where I was like, this is just, this is the homeroom show for adults. I'm like, this is bullshit. It's Pageantry. I, something happened where I can't, every time I see it, I just, I can see the set and stuff. And I'm like, this is people talking behind like a painted billboard. And it's fake. It's not real. Like, I don't know. I mean, obviously there's like real stuff that happens they talk about. Right. But it's, I've been in newsrooms too, and it's like, I've heard like there was a guy, and I'm not saying this is like, you know, It is proof, it's fake. But I remember a guy got a call specifically on like the Palestine Israel situation, And. they were like, I remember he was on the phone when I was waiting to do something. He was like, oh, I'm, I'm feeling pretty good. And the guy was, or he was on the phone talking to the guy being like, how you feeling about it? He said, you're doing good, dude.


Hang in there. You're doing good. Just keep going. Keep And. He was like coaching him. It was like, I remember just being like, damn dude. What the Fuck is this. It was just weird. It was just a weird phone call to be like, hang in there, dude. You're doing a good job. Keep talking to you. And I was literally like right next to him. That's kinda like you, what are you coaching him into? Dude? Yeah. I don't like that. It Made me feel weird. And then I did like a good morning, like local news show. I like, do you like comedy? And I was like, Those, those are the worst dude. I'm Terrible. And you feel bad. 'cause I, you know, every you think like, I'm gonna go on there and just fuck with these people. And it's just some like, nice lady being like, yeah. So what's it like at your comedy show? And you're like, it's nice. I like it. I like comedy. Please come.


But yeah, I, I agree. I think, I don't know, I, I'll, I'll like, I'll check in on stuff here and there, but Yeah, you just never know. You're like, dude, like I'm reading a book right now. It's, it's called Born Again. And it was by Chuck Colson, who was Richard Nixon's. They called him like his hatchet man. He would like bulldog people politically. Like if you had like a political rival coming up, you would like dig into them and you would use your contacts in the press to be like, run something fucked up about his wife and like, dude, they would do that. He like it. Oh wow. They talk about this like, it would like, this guy's a hot head. We'll start releasing news stories. We know that'll fuck with, there's like all this stuff going on in the news where it's used as like a political tool too, right. Where it's, you know, you just never know. Yeah. I mean, like, I watched that the Octopus murders, What was that?


The octopus murders about Tommy Castro, that reporter that got that killed himself in West Virginia. But Was that recent Check that out. Yeah, it was pretty recent. It's on Netflix. It's all about like the promise like software and like, you know, like these eight like key figures like including George H. Bush who were just kind of maneuvering and manipulating everything behind the scenes. This is on Netflix? Yeah. Damn. It's fucking crazy. That's kind of nuts. What and what is, there's a journalist who got caught up in this? Yeah, this journalist Castro, Tommy Castro I think. But, or Yeah, I can't remember his first name, but I've watched it a couple of times.


It's, it's really fascinating, man. Like he was, he was really onto some, some wild shit. And And, he killed Himself. Unfortunately. He killed himself. Yeah. But you know, like, it just, it doesn't really add up. Yeah. You know, like You should, You should Check it out. I'll check that out. That'd be kind of cool. Yeah. But yeah, that's, that was the one, that was the one thing I fell in love with Rumen when He was like, dude, stop, stop doing the news. Listen to classic albums straight. That's what I do now with music. I try to just listen to it in albums. The more, because I would like just do song, song like in my car. I dunno if you ever got to the place where you're like, I've heard every, I've listened, not I've heard everything, but I've, I've listened to all my, my little playlist is just burnout. Yeah. Because I use Spotify. So I just do like, I'll like make little playlists or do like Spotify morning and I'm like, yeah, fuck it.


Put it on. Right. And I'm like, I'm, they're just feeding me the same songs over. I get like depressed if I don't have like a new thing to listen to. I get kind of like, dude fucks the point. Dude. Same. John Martin just broke me outta my music depression right now. Yeah. He's really, he has a couple of live albums I like. But the, yeah, so now We Try to just like, put it on an album in the background and listen to it straight through or like before bed with headphones. Just try to do as much as an album as I can do and just pass out. It's, I think it's kind of nice. Right. And, and trying to get, like, I, I've been chasing the hit rush. That's the problem. I'll do a playlist of hits. Yeah. And then it's like, they just start, they like wear off. You gotta listen to like all the songs. I don't know. I feel you gotta listen to all the songs. Yeah. It's Like a It is like a dopamine, you know, like instant gratification, like social media. Like, you hear all the hits in a row, like don't go listen to the Eagle's greatest hits.


Like Yeah. You know, artists put together a, a, you know, a compilation of songs, you know, meant to be listened to in an, in an order. Do you do your own playlist when they do that? Like this presents That's, so that's kind of tough. I'm like, you know, I want it to be like chronological and like, you know, sequencing is a, is a big deal. And, they still make a big deal out of it. And then, and then people listen to it. And, they shuffle it or whatever, you know, how dare they. But I thought that was like an AI generated like, check out blah, blah blah. So you have the control of that. Well, like the playlist you see on Spotify and stuff. Like if I'm on a playlist, I don't have control of that. If it's on ours For sure. Yeah. But the one of your, what is that called? Your picks? Or is that This is, Oh, like that one.


I don't, I don't even know how that one comes about, but like my records, I'm like, this is, Oh, I got what you're saying. I understand. Like my record, My records, the sequencing is important. I thought you're saying. Okay. So, okay, so you're talking about the out the, the sequencing Track my out. Yeah. That's outta my pay grade. Like the Spotify, they just do what they do. Yeah. Because it'll be like edit, like artist picks. Yeah. So I was like, damn, you get to put the other playlist for all of Spotify. That's kinda, I guess everyone can do that though. Really? Yeah. It's kind of tight. Well dude, so what do you have coming up? What's your, what's the next, what's the next move Man? We're about to finish this last leg of the tour. We're doing Canada. We're doing like the East Coast. We're gonna be going through Philly. We're gonna be going through DC and New York City playing at the Paramount in Brooklyn.


The in Brooklyn. And then we're heading overseas. Nice. Doing UK, all that. Are you taking any break? Are you, like, how do you tour? Do you do it for like six months at a time? Take a break or you just do it tour? We Let it go out for like six weeks at a time. Okay. You know, and just kind of hit it and stay out. 'cause like, once I get in that mode, yeah. I just like to stay in, you know. Gotcha. So you do like six weeks on how many off Kind of depends. Like for this particular tour cycle, it seems like we've done like six weeks, two weeks off. Gotcha. That's Not bad. And then a couple, one-offs here and there. But I like to tour on a bus because It is like, there's just something different about it. But yeah, I mean, I just had time off and I just get a little stir crazy.


So that's why I'm down here in Austin, just kind of fucking around. That's Cool. I was real nervous to come on here. Why? Dude, I don't know, man. Like, I'm not, I don't help. I'm like Zooing anxious energy all, I mean, I'm, I'm a big fan of the show and, and the fans are very vocal, so I hope I didn't fuck it up. Dude, you killed it, man. Don't Yeah dude. You're the best. You fucking, that's the thing too. You shred, dude. Oh, thank you. You Absolutely shred. It's crazy. I appreciate it. I know, I guess, I guess it wears off on you, but dude, it's like, that's gotta be so gratifying. It. is there a level of, does it wear off if you shred right now, will it bring you deep joy or you're just kind of like, yeah, yeah, whatever. Well, I think, you know, I try to, I try to keep the guitar fresh, you know, so when I'm home I'm like playing banjo or piano ukulele.


That's cool. And just trying to create in any other way except for the guitar. So when I come back to it, it's fresh and it's like, you know, a reconnection almost. That's, that's a good idea actually. And you, I feel like you get better too when you leave it alone for a little bit. I think so. Something happens in your brain. I would like stop playing every now and again and I'd pick it back up and be like, God damnit I got better. You just, you have, you have more ideas. Yeah. Because you're come coming to it fresh. You come into a blank canvas. Yeah. You know? Yeah man. Or maybe your brain, you go to sleeping, it just figures out stuff for you. Yeah. I don't know. But either way, dude, thank you so much dude. Thank you for doing this. You're the motherfucking man. Marcus. King. You are bro. Dude, I'm, I try bro. I'm trying and I'm doing my best. But no, thank you so much man.


For real. Appreciate Yeah man. I'm glad we connected. Appreciate. Thank you bro.