
Are we we're live. Alright, we'll start it now. Hey. Hello. Hey everybody. Welcome back to the motherfucking podcast. Another week on this Hellacious gravitron we call on earth Twisted blue marble Man. Can't stand up on this. Gravitron Sam Tallent, thank you for joining us La Mayor Guardini. Thank you for Having Thank you guys. Les, I thought me and Matt were just gonna be in here and talking about men's stuff. We Can talk about men's stuff. Men's table. Boys table. I love my fellow man. I'm Not gonna demean you guys we're men. Ah. You wearing a Pairer shirt, boys table? Your uncle died and you got that shirt.


He's got the basic brand On. Well, mayor, thank you for the hookup by the way. In Rhode Island. Oh, The stew. Yeah. The studio was was it nice? Well, mayor, I thought you designed it man. Yeah. Just fucking like action figures everywhere You were the go gave Shout out to the bros though. They did. They held it down. I interviewed Glen Lary. Yeah. Oh, snap. A black conservative. Yeah. Coming out. Dude. Did you meet beans? Yeah. Bobby beans. Yeah. Bobby Beans Rules. That's your bro. Yeah. A white bull, right? Yeah. I met that White bull. You got bros all over. Oh, LA Mary's dude. Dude. Spud was just in marveling over your tentacles across the country. United States of La America. Yeah. The La Dia diaspora. Thick Yo. Every, I swear to God, anytime I'm like lame, I'm gonna be here.


I wanna like find a studio. He goes, oh, I have, I know. Somebody has like a studio over there. And your bros are solid, dude. Yeah. Absolute beasts. Keep 'em tight. I assume that the walls are typically like rubber, you know, like, I feel like some of these studios are just like this place. They were former sex parlors. This place was a former, this is probably where like all the anal went down. By the way, you're in the, we're in the back of the black rabbit. The, That's why it spelled like chicory coffee. Be historic black rabbit. Soon to be Yeah. This is definitely the anal chamber. Yeah. Direct. Maybe just gay stuff. Actually it might have been, this might have been the strictly gay dungeon. This Is the closet. It is such a podcasting space. Yeah. 'cause that's what we're doing.


This Is the gay thing. This is as close to gay as I get. God damnit. Yep. It Is these labels we put on ourselves. I I do have a theory that every old man turns like hopelessly homosexual at like 65. I don't know why I had this theory in my head. Like, every time like an old man in the airport, like, looks at me, I'm like, you just wanna fuck me. You old. Nasty, nasty. It is giving you up, down. I'm telling you man. I have, I have a theory that every man at 60 turns like, like wildly, wildly gay. Uncontrollably gay. Well, yeah, you, it's all, it's like every man's fate. Yeah. At like 60 to be like, I can't take it anymore, dude. Yeah. God damn. Yeah. I tried this fucking bullshit for 65 years. Yeah. Got me here.


You know What? Why didn't I just fuck my boys? Yeah. That's my brother logic. True. True. Yeah. Jibs was just here. He fucking almost hit us with a hotshot. Well maybe that's not our business to die. What Happened? Well, nevermind. Nevermind. He almost got infected with H hiv v We Were bug chasing with debris when he was here Last week. Now that's a podcast You guys, guys chasing with Gibs. You Guys almost catch some f No, that don't, I don't, no offense. He doesn't want this in the public forum. I shouldn't have brought that. You guys don't want highlight your, all of your cocaine And. he a Fucking, It's different. It was, We had a sore like, like two days into the Hank. Gotcha. Right After we smoked a chicken. We were like, bro, you gotta let us know.


That's the worst. You can't get A cold sore like passing the blunt. I No, no. All I don't Think so. No, it's not. It's not a pass the blunt. Not us. We, I don't think, I don't think I, We were kissing a lot too, so You just Get, you just wanna get him on your dick. Getting a cold sore is nothing. Yeah. I was born and I had, I got cold sores like as a child. Did you really? Yeah. 'cause I think my mom had bore the cross. My mom bore the cross as well. But I, I didn't get it. I don't have 'em down south, but I'll, I'll pop one up and then everyone's like, oh you were living. It's like, no, my mom was child of the seventies. Yeah. My mother lived. She lived long. She Was Living, she was, yeah. I don't think it's, is it necessarily sexual to get cold sore? I think it just gets passed down through the generations.


I hope not. 'cause I get 'em and Yeah, I think if you're just, I think if you're just like, face is just puck in misery for long enough. Just a Gloom Flower World Herpes. Oh, here we go. Oh, of course you could get it from sex, Oral sex, but they, It does not. Even if they, I think it's from kissing all your old aunties, dude, Aunties are freaky. I might, I might start seeing their tested like, did you get tested recently? Before we kiss You, I need to see the papers. You get the antibodies. It's like you're in prison, you're checking people's passports. Yeah, I Might, that would be good though, to start, like, I, I might start a thing like a nonprofit where I start checking Free checking the Aunties free or just like at like at the, you know they're all fucking at the, which call it The old ladies something.


Oh Yeah. I might get them papers and be like, bro, you can totally cream pie. This old lady. Yeah. I don't wanna be graphic but I'm saying like, it'd be nice. We'll be there one day dude. You wanna know like Yeah. Lemme Just check the chart real quick. Won't be need this. That must be cra Nobody talks about the CP and the retirement. You speak off in the old lady. Dude. Just having your new balances on is being like, ah, in the retirement home, you know the nurses can hear you. W one man, my god. They freaking, they fucking, Yeah. Like an old Haitian woman has to wheel you into the room to get fucked by some guy.


And then you ring a bell and she comes and retrieves you Lady can't do that. She's too busy Miss. Yeah, true. Oh my lord. Yeah. You can't say that that wasn't proven. Just because you saw it on TV does not make it true. Just cause You have those braids doesn't mean you can go crazy on the island. Violence. I did, I did hear whatchamacallit. JD Vance came through 'cause they were like pressing him on that question. And He was like, well here's the thing. Whether or not a Haitian woman ate a cat, there are still boots on the ground Reality to the immigration crisis that you guys at CNN aren't, whoever it was aren't covering. He kind of definitely maneuvered around it. Yeah. It's all It is now sticky move. Sticky move. Yeah. Sticky move. Sticky move. Well, whether or not people are eating cats is less the point.


And it's like, well it's pretty important. That's cool to know. My theory was to get it, the pets to start eating the immigrants'. My solution to problem that I pitched this weekend. Also what They are pitch At the stand of comedy show a funny joke Show It is your funny joke show. So you said that within the context of stand of comedy lifting the spirits of masses. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was just, yeah, it was in jest. But What if They are eating cats? Who gives a fuck? They're street cats. We don't need those cats. I, I stand with La Mer. I would not be too mad if someone ate a stray cat. I'd be like, bro, this is looking things are looking up in America. Yeah. Sick of these nasty little creatures walking around. Get these cats fired up. Because I think there, there was weren't the rats true? Weren't people spitting the rats like barbecue and the rats out.


I think they've been doing that in New York for a long time. Forever. There's a lot of rats like the, the the poor people in New York. I think they've just been munching the critters. Yeah. I don't forever It a renewable protein source. Yeah. I don't Either. That's why dude rabbits with the original Yo. What is That? Wow. It's rats on a on the spit spit. Those Are big enough. Big rabbits. Those things are huge bro. Those Are Raccoons Look like a cap Barra. Well dude, here's the thing, dude in Yes. That's a Marmon for sure In America. I think in like the colonial times, people used to eat rabbit. That's hilarious. People used to eat rabbit like it was nothing. So it's like, you know, and apparently rabbit's like a very high source of protein and you can actually get sick because they have so much protein. You're not getting any fat. There's like a certain like illness you can get from just eating rabbit.


But you do get shredded. Interesting. You gotta Mix it with beef. Hmm. You gotta mix it with beef. I think with vegetables and grains, you can't just be crushing rabbits all day. Well you need a fat, that's the problem. If you're eating just rabbit, you're not getting enough fat and you get so shredded that it becomes a medical problem. Yeah. That's the Big thing for bug out people is like the first thing you're supposed to do if like the bomb falls, is go out and find two breeding pairs of rabbits. That's I'm telling you. Because then rabbits will procreate at a rate that will feed your family. You'll have an abundance of rabbits if you lock them in your basement as like there's nuclear fallout out there. Yep. But you gotta find like an avocado too. Somewhere. Find avocado. Yeah. A single peach pit. Tater My, one of my, I was with, I was with SPU recently. And. he was saying speaking ta. We were, we were talking about how important It is to just have like a bro crash at your house into your marriage and just try to like fight your wife for you a little bit.


He was, he was in his friend house. It's, he was It is just such a, it's just such a funny, it's such a funny thing. 'cause He was like, yeah, I don't know. I guess she got pissed 'cause I was in there talking about bug out bags. No wife wants to hear bros talking bug out bags, dude. Yeah. Spuds a fucking rock. Tumblr for a wife. Spud is the best dude. I was with him all weekend in Rhode Island. He With Nick Rofer? Yes. With Nick Rofer for Triad. It was amazing. Dude. Johnny Del Calo dude. It was, it was very helpful. Oh dude. We were saying that's big for white culture. It was huge for white culture. It is literally, this was the all white party bro. Fuck the Hamptons White Excellence.


It was, man, it was funny. It was, it was a very funny weekend having sp up there the whole time. It was unbelievable. Nick Rocha Ford is honestly one of the funniest people in the world. Yeah. Insanely funny. It's, it's ridiculous how Funny. I get mad how funny he is. Yes. It's it's almost, it almost hurts. You are like sitting there at dinner and it's like, dude, you're literally saying the funniest stuff in 30 Straight minutes. Take a break dude. I need to need a recharge. This is amazing. Did you see him on sks? No. Oh yeah. When he was Mud Vein. Yes. That was so funny. He's so fucking funny dude. Yeah. Spud should supply that service to married men. Bro. You should hire out Spud to like come stay in your house for a week. Just confront all of your wife's most sacred ideals. You wanna send your wife on Tilt? Yeah. One 800 Spud True. Just to like break her out of like the girl algorithms a little bit.


Women need to know about bug out bags. True. They did like get girls Against Conspiracies. They somehow tapped into the female hive mine of like, if someone's talking about conspiracies, don't fuck them Dude. Women won't have too many bug out bags. They carry a bug out bag at all time. That's a person. They just bug out about the wrong stuff. All of their bugs are just about their appearance. Sure. They're micro bugging the whole time. That's All they carry. Micro bugging. They're Micro. I don't need food. I don't need a gun Standing on the edge. They're Just constantly on the edge of an apocalypse at all times. And they're peering over into it. Yeah. It's fucking Crazy. Dude. You know what's, you know what's actually to their credit, I, so I have my R ring now, so I'm tracking my biometrics.


Do you have two? Just want, this is my wedding ring. Oh, okay. Love my wife. Love for the data. And dude, she has one. Yeah. And I got the glimpse 'cause they, I didn't know it was such a big part of them or their big pitch to women is they can track their cycle. Which I was always like, you know when that shit's coming, What the Fuck. Do you care dude? So I get a readiness score every day. Not bragging. Today I'm at like 91% readiness. It's pretty sick. She, she gets the same amount of sleep as me. When she was on her period, I would peep her readiness score 51%. Dude, Yo. It goes down that bad. It goes down that bad dude. Damn. Dude. I checked her sleep again. Eight hours. We're getting like seven, eight hours. I, I checked my sleep again. I have a problem with deep sleep. I don't know why, but it's like I'm, everything's blue.


Everything's looking good. I have the little red bar for deep sleep. Hers was just red Dude. Whoa. Every like, their body temperature goes up a couple degrees. They're in. Wait, Red is good or bad? Bad. Oh, I see. Dude. It's like they can sleep for eight hours and wake up as if I had been drinking all night. And that's their baseline. They wake up like that and you know, they're crushing the franzi too. So it's like, then they try to, they're Slapping the bag. They're slapping the bag and try to hide from the pain of their period. And that only makes it so much fucking Worse. Put the red in, put the red hat. They turn into like a tanori oven for three days a month. My wife is so hot. 'cause they're trying to burn off the walls of their uterus. You, It's fucked, man. I can tell when she's about to blow. 'cause she's like not using the top blanket. You are like, Oh, Bating the hatches boys.


I'll be in the crow's nest. You can bake bread on the side of her uterus. Yeah, for sure. To slap At her. Dude, I didn't know. I didn't know it was that bad. I I, I told her this. I was like, I thought you guys were just fucking dickhead. Like, I didn't know you were having like, serious biochemical reactions like while you're having your period. It's brutal dude. Yeah. 40, 49% drop is crazy Bro. It's rugged man. I saw it and I was like, like their body temperature's elevated. Their heart rate elevated. My heart rate at nighttime is like 53 beats a minute, bro. Whoa. It's nice. That's dip down dude. Mine's bad. What's your, mine's like a rabbit. I don't know, but I can, I know it's bad. You just have prey body. It's just, I wake up like I need to like screw away Some cook.


They're gonna hear that heartbeat in cookie, bro. Who The fucking falcons that come through the window those night. Predators. Predators, Owls banging off the window. Although, and again, I I'm saying this with all due respect. Do you think, how do you think Asians feel about the cat eating stereotype being shifted? They're probably pretty safe. They were in the hot seat for a while. Yeah. That's such a bum wrap to catch. Yeah. Saying you eat cats. It's like, no, I don't. Yeah. Everybody wants to be Jamaican. The cats and the dogies when comes eating cats. Jamaicans eat cats. No. Jamaicans don't eat cats. I said they don't eat cats. Don eat delicious goats. Yeah. They eat delicious goats all Muting all the time talking about Pussy. Yeah. They don't like the p poon Taste. Everybody wants to be Jamaican when it comes to eating cats.


You don't think they eat any pussy? I have a theory that they do secret Their closet pussy. No, no, No. I think they wear a mask. I think when I think eating pusy, I think when white guys turn older we become gay and Jamaican guys start thinking about eating pussy constantly when they're like on, I want fucking leak that taste. Theon It is so, And then they do and that lady comes so hard and they're like, oh, this made all my problems go away. I gratified. Well I guess they're probably They're primed up. Yeah, they're primed up though because they've been in a dance hall all night. Just like Dagg daggering them. And then, you know, all you gotta do is touch that thing at the end of the night. Yeah. That's probably push to start by the end of the night. If you daggered your wife, if you daggered your wife for like six hours in a dance hall, all you gotta do is just like pull her pants down.


The breeze is gonna do, She Blow a kiss at it. She falls to her knees. If I was daggering my wife for six hours, she'd have to go to the hospital. Her hips would explode. Yeah. I'm actually, I'm gonna be in the islands on a couple days. I'm heading to Turk and Caicos. Oh yeah. Nice. I might dagger. I might dagger. Yeah. I'm on dagger. I might dagger. Yeah. You can't d on red bro, huh? No. Daggering under red. No, I think, I think we're off. I think I think the, I think if you daggered her on red, they're so horny when that's going down. True. You're probably gonna make her fucking ears fall off of her head. True. You would just see like a fine red mist.


She Just turns to a cloud of steam. That's the pink mist right there. Pretty drill. Yeah. That's cool. I'm glad you're going down there. Yeah, I know. I'm excited bro. I can't wait. Yeah. Wednesday. Yeah, we're all heading down. The whole fan man's gonna be Dude, very sick. That'll sick. So can't wait to, that's well deserved. Lay in the ocean and just try to see if it'll take me away. You're gonna write weird like Mariner poetry while you're there, Dude, you'd be, you'd be a sick castaway like Tom Hanks. You'd be sick at that. Oh yeah. You would solve That problem immediately. I know. I, I would've put a girl wig that was kind of gay. He had a dude wig on the volleyball. Or like a dude hair on the volley. That would've been a beautiful woman's face. The volleyball Also that, that volleyball's face would've been wrecked after Like three weeks.


I'd been fucking my buddy. I love fucking my poem. Can you imagine seeing it on the fucking volleyball la poison? I don't like when it's reasonable. Fucking the volleyball from behind Daggering the volleyball. Dude, I I, for real, I've flirted with the idea now of getting a totally virtual road set up where it's like Oculus fleshlight and just go in. No, on the road it's no You are gonna enter the matrix. I don't Know. I don't think so. I don't think I can pull the trigger, but it's something, it's, I've been something I've been like, That's your bug out bag, bro. You gotta keep that thing. Get a chamber in the garage. I just, I was, I was telling this about this weekend.


I wanna get a separate, just a separate like suitcase. That's just like a torso and an oculus. Buy a seed on the plan Torso. Me and the misses are coming on a trail. Buy a seed for the torso on a plate. So have you ever stumbled across a torso in your buddy's house? Never Realized Though, bro. I did. Have you seen him? It changed our relationship forever, Dude. I was like, dude, this is what you're up to. And. he is like, that's not what I'm all about, man. It's not my whole thing. They're never life size either. They're always a little too small. Yes, Exactly. Tiny henie bro. Too small. Tiny. That's what I heard. I heard they're tiny hees man. Little Too small. I got a BBL. He True. I would like a big noisy one. Yeah.


You got what? BBL heine? No, I, I don't You would think. Yeah. Two beach balls There. Two huge ones on the kitchen counter. Put a flower in the book. The basement. You need that man? I'm dude Don. Man. You don't need That dude. I don't need it. I don't want do it. But it's, I get it. Put in the briefcase though. True. Like A business. Just be all business about it. Like a rifle for You should get one that's the exact same dimensions as your wife. And then anytime you argue you're like, you know what I go hang out with. I don't need you Brittany too. Me too. Yeah. I gotta go to Brittany Tron real quick. True.


Just old home videos. Yeah. I'm not cheating honey. Just videos of us dancing. Got it. Grown outta Josh. We're business dude. Josh as always. Thank you. Josh. I'm in. I am in a wicked mood right now. I'm in a good, I'm in a good mood. I was in a cranky mood too, but a nice bro pulled up to me at the red light and was like, our dog He was like, Yo. What's up man? I had a solid three minute conversation with him through the, the window. Oh yeah. That's awesome. He's like, where are you guys podcasting? And I was like, I've almost told him our exact location. Can Out the location's been blown. I've seen so many bros outside. I've been like, I do a podcast right in here.


Here. Yeah, I do. I did that today too. He was a good bro. Shout out to him. Yeah. There, there are. I do, I do encounter a lot of good bros in the wild. Dude, there's a lot of you Just whipped up right next to me. Just, I was at a place recently in Austin where we're like in line like waiting for a drink and it was just a bro talking. He's like, oh, you know, love the cast. And we just talked like for like five solid minutes while we're waiting. And it was, it really was. It felt like I was just talking to an old buddy. Yeah. Nice. I was having a good time chatting around. It was really nice. Yeah, I like that. You know, not I Like it too. Rarely ever is it a punisher. Every now and again you get a Punisher and you go Punisher, please. But it's always, it's a hammer. It is a blacked out guy. Sean got punished in Tempe. I got in Tempe. Oh no. With Nate. No, I, I got punished in Salt Lake.


Salt Lake. You deserved to be punished. Yeah. I, he was a beautiful man. And. he was so stu not like spiritually. He was a beautiful man. He was a little bit too drunk. Yeah. And. he came to bull shows, sat right in the front and I just kept taking away his zins when he would say weird stuff In the middle of the show. Take away his pellets. Shout out to Jeremy. I hope Jeremy. Jeremy, I love you man. You know I love you. Yeah man. You just had a little bit too much to drink. It's always the booze. The booze is how that's when they tip over. I was at, I was at the, the last show in Rhode Island. There was this bro in the front row, And. he was just chilling, like rocking jean shorts, And. he just And. he was just having so much fun. He wasn't trying to be a dickhead, he just couldn't, he wouldn't stop. Yeah. Trying to get the interaction going. And it was like the security came up to him.


And. he genuinely was like, what's going on? I'm like, brother, they're gonna kick you out. And He was like, why? He's like, I've never been to a comedy show before. He was like, I'm having the most fun. He was having so Much fun. I think I'm winning the comedy show right now. Can you stop doing the worm? He was having a good time. He chilled though. He really, I was like, there's, I have zero faith and you're not gonna get kicked out. I Hope. you don't. And I, you know, I just like, please, please don't kick. Give him one more shot. Jeremy would chill too. But I would bother him then I would bring him right back into it. That often happens too, where if I'm like, if it starts to suffer, I'll be like, eh, he'd be fucking asshole and just fire him back up like Yo, man. What the Fuck have some respect for lifeguard. Exactly. Jeremy saved me on the second show. I brought him up on stage and we took a bow together.


That's awesome. I talked him like 30 minutes straight. Whoa. It was awesome. So you're filling the time, huh? Sean? Yeah. Well, yeah. It would've been, yeah, 30, it would've been a 20 minute set. I'm also furious right now. What's wrong? I mean just, you know, being married to a strong woman has its pitfalls and navigating that minefield. Triple affairs. She, my wi wife, my wife's like Isis, so she hates the books in our house and she destroyed my favorite painting on accident. Oh yeah. So she's just trying to fucking burn the libraries in the museums. And I was like, oh. So this was the one you accidentally destroyed as you're putting together an end table. How did it wind up exactly where you were building the end table? And she's like, well it shouldn't have been on the ground. Ooh. Oh yes. It shouldn't have been on the ground.


You should have moved it if you cared. Can I, Can I ask you a question? Does she have any of her grave on, on the ground? And by chance, do you ever tell her to pick that up? And does she spazz if you do? Oh yeah. Just curious. Just a question. Just a question. How long has this Sephora bag been on the stairs? Honey It is actually a tripping hazard by the way. It Is a fucking tripping hazard. Oh yeah. Love logic. Try to get reasonable with them. Vested in the Desperate man. The points of egress are blocked. Have an OSHA sign. It is pathetic man. When you start to be like, I gotta win this argument, you're like, this is a fire hazard.


You are trying to kill us. You want us that, don't you? You want me dead? I, I do say I think there is something very beautiful. I, I was on the way over here. I might be a country music guy by the way. I just on the ride over here. I was like, I like it too. I might just be, I was sitting here driving just, and I was puffing my cigar now just being like puffing a nice little cigar. Soy, little soy dude. I'm just, I'm, I'm an old man now. I've given, I'm like, dude, I'm an old man now. I just need to taste really deteriorate now and just kind of Become gay. Become gay. You gotta get a chair. Huh? You gotta get a chair. Yeah, I know. I do. I do. I'm, I got my sight set on a rocking chair. Oh really? My dad's got it pretty much figured out.


He has portable rocking chairs. My dad Has the same chairs. Oh dude. I think they just think about dudes. I think they sitting over there. He was like, fuck that Guy bouncing all that. That guy who dropped off that dumpster today looks so hot. Guy dropped off that 30 yard or my god, whatever. Fuck God. That guy It was. Who's your porch and garage? Garage Hang. Like who's Your old man? Hang. My garage is so hot that I would die. But what you say? Like your hang, who would you hang out with on the porch? Like in the rocking chairs with you? My god self. Anyone, anyone who wants to hang out. You got No pot? I'm pretty lonely dude. Anyone who wants to hang more than welcome to come hang out Bro.


I feel you on that so Hard. I sat in my backyard at the new house in Michigan for like four hours yesterday. Oh yeah, you moved. I moved to Detroit. Yeah, outside of Detroit. Wow. Wow. Wow. Hey, shut up. Oh wait, whatcha doing? Timestamped. Oh my Bad. Well yeah You psycho. I'm sorry. That's alright. I get it. You are getting hundred percent. No, I appreciate it. Well I do. There is like this whole like stolen valor thing about saying you live in Detroit. Yeah. Anyway, So that's why I pointed at La Mer. I didn't point at you so you could say the exact address Of Where I've desperately been trying to hide from the dead eyed ghouls. Dude, did you meet The black squirrels yet? Oh, have I met the black squirrels? The black squirrels rule. They're my only friends. La Mer.


I sit surrounded by Blackeyed Susans and consider where I'm gonna put the hot tub. And there's just black-eyed squirrels. But they're, there's fleshes falling off their bodies. What? Yeah, there's like long like missing fur wraps on these black squirrels. Oh, They're fighting. They fight the black squirrels fight. They're mean you don't say really. You know, they're only about 30% of the population. Squirrel. Where did you hear that? Did you see that on the TV too? That's Trump propaganda. Man. Don't, lemme tell you, the black squirrels are fighting Trumper. They have less resources. Dude. The black squirrels eat ribs. All right. I'm selling what I've seen. I've seen them man. Black squirrels. They get around, man, I've seen those guys in action.


It's pretty awesome. But The loneliness of, you know, being mildly successful. I wish I had nothing and I was still sleeping in a house with 16 people. Those were the days. Yeah, True. Yeah. There was a certain loneliness being mildly successful too. 'cause it's just like, it's just you. Yeah. Hanging out You are like, damn, I have made a decent amount of money. Right. But not enough for like, you know, the Jonah brothers to be like, come hang out Jonah. Or for you to even know their names. Jon Brothers There a joke. Jonah brothers. Oh, you mean Fred Jonah? Can I give you a lonely guy tip on vacation? Yeah. Because I just went to Cyprus with my wife for a week and I like, I was with her and it was great.


But then day two I saw this guy at the buffet who was doing crazy stuff with Halmi that like cheese. And I went up and I was like, what are you doing And? he like walked me through his process for like grilling halmi. And then I'd see that guy out and by day three at breakfast we ended up Hanging out. That's, that's awesome. I made a vacation friend. That's awesome. And I think That's gonna be important for you. Oh yeah. Because you know you can fuck off and just go sit in the water. But you got your beautiful daughters, they're gonna occupy you. Yeah. Once they go to bed, you can hang out with your old lady. But if you can bring in another couple and not, not in like a sexual way. I know. Trust me. I know. We've done vaca vacation friends are really fun. They're 'cause you're never gonna see 'em again. So you tell 'em everything about yourself and then they do the same. And then you're like, all right Dude, there's Something. Enjoy life in Ecuador. Well Yeah, we'll hang out. We We'll if you ever, you know and you just, yeah, you'd never see 'em Again.


I'd never wanna see you again. Vacation friends do rule though. It is fun to meet vacation friends and I, I think we will, we'll probably meet some And it's an island too, so I'm, I like can really get down on the island too. Yeah. I, I got a real island vibe. My first A music coast. You had your first kiss in Turks and Caicos. Yeah. What a vacation for? What Was his name? Oh, Sam Turk. Don't put it on the tee unless you don't want me to whack it over the fence. How so? How did it go down? You were just like on the resort. Did you ever see, by The way, I might have been 16 or 17. So you were like the kid from a No, no, no. I was younger than that. I was going into high school. What's that show on HBO? It has two seasons. It's always like, you were like the dude from white, did you see that episode of white or that season of White Lotus? The little brother, the horny little brothers always jerking off.


And the sister like, Yeah, that was Gooning. And then I found love. I found love with a lovely lady that was from New Jersey. Like I was What? So we bonded over that and then she's melted on you. We had, we shared a kiss in a Turks and K Coast and, and now she's a lesbian. MMA fighter. That's awesome bro. Yeah. Beast. You flipped her. Yeah, flipped her. She is a beast. Yeah. Shout out to her. You filled her with feminine rage. I think she's just waiting for you. Yeah, maybe. True. You gotta, can I come with you? You gotta get her outta the octagon. You gotta take her outta the octagon. Put her in the kitchen. Put her in the octagon. Yeah. That was just a little I. just I forgot about that.


What percentage of female UFC fighters do you think are lesbians? At least half 30. 30%. 30. Dude. But there's some that are so beautiful muscle mommies. Man. Dude, did you see Duong? Tabitha. Richie is so beautiful. Du. She's a beautiful muscle Mommy. Yeah. Brazilian beautiful muscle. Mommy. Tabitha. Richie. That's pretty tight. They Might not even be lesbians. Just men are afraid to fuck them. That's true. Not me. Not you. No. You're not afraid of anything. You and Lamar are very adventurous. Yeah, we're not scared. No. Te Richie. She's beautiful. Shout out to her. Huh? The divine feminine. And Then Alexa Grasso. She lost this weekend. She's pretty beautiful. I think they're hotter when they lose. Honestly. Was that lady who lost the one who had a fucking pussy wound on her forehead That Does a different lady.


That was Dude. That was the Duong match. The other girl, the red French girl. The French lady. Come on man. Damn. Okay. That's French. She's Brazil. So Al Donna got the cut. Did These ladies get like CTE? Yeah. Well they probably already have. They're starting it up. Have you seen anything round The route Said They're down 49% Yo The cut. This this the cut this lady had was crazy. It was crazy. And. they were in the spears. Oh. So it was like, yeah, that Dude Irene Elliott a Hey, did she catch an elbow or is that like a No, They headbutted and then the lady she was fighting just kept fucking her up. I can't believe the other lady scratch her. That bed. I'm just being nasty. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Kidding. Those guys are athletes, bro. They would, you know, That's not what I meant.


That's like the physical manifestation of when I confront my wife with logic, That's What it does to her forehead. It quints open and it opens up like a mouth and it swallows me. Two x one. Yeah. It is tight. It is good though. I think there is something to be said about just like, you know, confronting. Confronting the feminine over time. Dude, We used to be able to hit him. Yeah. I mean that was a thing. Like, shut up LA Mayor. Historically You are accurate. I do Now I just wanna drive your what's, what are you trying to Say? I don't know. I mean, here's the thing, here's the thing. S were the date. God, I simpler times you.


Yes dude. Sean Cony was like on record being. Yeah. That shits so Slap. Yeah. You slap A, it gets to a point where they won't listen to reason. Yeah. Yeah. That point Is when they're born And it's like it's, you know, the problem. Here's the thing, you obviously can't do that and it's a shame 'cause I think a lot of bad guys ruin that forever. With great power comes great responsibility. It's, I mean, again, There Are those dudes that do that. They get a girlfriend And, they like slowly are like, gimme your cell phone. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And. they just like extrapolating in an apartment. It's like, yeah, those guys are definitely Burning Hill. But a tasteful gentleman like Sean Connery just like putting down a cognac glass And. he be like, shut up.


Doing it with a velvet glove. Sometimes you have to schlep them. Yeah. They're tricky. They are tricky. I'll give you that. They're, they're tricky little vixens, man. Tricky Little things. I always, I do, I always try to understand, man, that It is weird. Like those Are wild bro. We're joking. Right. But like, if you ever like meet a guy who hi a girl, like they have a different type of darkness to them. Oh yeah. Like a guy who actually would hit a woman. You're like, dude, chill out bro. Yeah, I do think that happens. You get like the tap out tattooed and the tears in your body. It's Just like no fear shirt on. Yeah. 'cause I feel like I, and look, I've never really considered it, but I think that if you break the seal on that, if you hit them once, she's then going to retaliate. My wife would retaliate for sure.


And then I'm not gonna hit her again. I'm gonna be so fucking, you know, it's like when the bomb goes off on the bunker and you just hear like that buzzing noise. That's me after hitting her. And then a barrage of blows land upon me because I'm undefended. Yeah, true. Yeah. It's just like, take me. Yeah. It's like I earned this. Yeah. Take me. Just do it. I'm sorry. I Bet that that fucking makeup sex is wild. Yeah, yeah. After you're beating the shit outta, That's why you do it though. Alright. That's why you do it. Okay, well that's like, it'll be make 'em appreciate dude. It is, I don't know. It's bad. No, you're talking about very dark corners of the female psyche that you know, it's like you don't, they in play conversation you're not supposed to talk about. And again, not advising anybody to do that police. No, No. It, it's The worst thing you can, It is literally, It is the worst thing you can do. Crime Is the child's worst.


What is It? Crime is the child's worst. Yes, it's true. Yeah. Agreed. True. Good work. Lama, look where we are. I'm sorry guys. I've been listening to a lot of, I've been, I've been listening to a lot of Patrice Neal recently. Oh yeah, you came Into the green room last night. Fired up on Patrice. Yeah. I was like, alright, rumble young man. Rumble, I'll let you have the space. Yeah, definitely standing for the record. We are, I mean, we are just doing freedom of speech and exploring. Yes. Darker corners of mind Exercising. We're on the cutting edge. But yes, It is a horrible crime to c commit against any ladies. It's good that we don't do it. I, just wish they'd show some appreciation for the fact that we stopped beating the fuck outta you seem to get, you know, I seem to be a little cocky these days And I love video games and I've breaking broken a controller for every console I've ever had, you know, and I love video games.


Love video games. I'm not hitting you at all. LA your analogy Is That Might be one of your best LA analogies. That's so funny. I wish We could frame this moment, But that also made me think that you do like playing fighting games as the women characters. So maybe that's why this is, this is in your head. That's interesting actually. Huh? I don't know. I like, if I'm gonna look at a character, I gotta see an ass, you know? True. Yeah. I mean, You are about to jerk off. Right? When you're done playing video games, you might as well prime Yourself up. Dude, nothing's better than jerking off after you win at video games. There's nothing better than Spoils of war. There's nothing better than, dude, you have a good day of NB 2K.


You're like, I gotta beat, I got, I gotta go to the Bathroom. I gotta calm down. Pardon me. You gotta go my, Your parents come in, you're like, get out. I earned this dude. Get out. You see that trophy on the screen? I earned that. This is my space. See that? Digital confetti spilling. So Yeah, your parents just hear flawless victory. Okay, don't knock on the door. Yeah, leave them In there. Let them have This


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. What's something you'd love to learn as an adult? Do you make time to learn new things as often as you'd like? Or is that lost in childhood? Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we lose that curiosity. What's something you'd like to learn? Gardening a new language. Or maybe how to finally beat your best friend in bowling therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. I mean, I think that's such a great message. You should constantly try to best your friend dude, just beat his ass in. Bully. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. It is funny to think of somebody on like the classic Freudian couch of psychoanalysis and being like, I, just wanna beat my fucking friend in bowl. Just fucking wants, dude. Please help. We can definitely help work on that together. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash MSSP today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/mssp. And honestly, guys, get yourself some fucking help. You're weirdos. You need the help. I know nobody wants to do it. Nobody wants to say, oh, I need therapy. Everybody needs it. Just try it. Try it, try it and beat your friend's ass in Bowling.


Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's 100% pure nicotine and always tobacco free. No two CB in this stuff, dude. No pink cocaine. It's 100% pure nicotine, always tobacco free. Lucy isn't like every other nicotine pouch company that's owned by Big Tobacco. They're like the mom and pop shop of pouches. Pouches come in a variety of strengths from four milligrams all the way to 12 milligrams. Lucy offers a unique variety of flavors, including Apple Ice, wintergreen, mango, and Espresso. If you're not a pouch person, Lucy Gum is available in two milligrams, four milligrams or six milligrams. Guys, that sounds fantastic to me. I love that. I'm more of a two milligram guy. I'm a little weakling. Let's level up your nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to Lucy dot co slash drenched and use promo code drenched to get 20% off your first order. Lucy offers free shipping and has a 30 day refund policy. If you change your mind, that's lucy.co and always code drenched to get 20% off and always free shipping. And here comes the fine print. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


PrizePicks is America's number one daily fantasy sports app. With over 5 million active members. PrizePicks is the easiest and most exciting way to play daily fantasy sports. Unlike other apps on PrizePicks, it's just you against the numbers. All you do is pick more or less on two to six player stat projections and watch the winnings roll in. You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks with as little as four correct picks. PrizePicks is the best way to get action on sports and most states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. PrizePicks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. PrizePicks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out. If your lineup isn't perfect, you can double your money even if one of your picks doesn't hit. I mean, it doesn't get any better than that. Just the daily picks getting in on the action. Not, you know, flex play. You kidding me? Dude? Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code drenched on PrizePicks to get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks run your game.


What have you guys been up to? I haven't seen you guys in a while. I've been, I've been a traveling rambling man. I think you guys have been as well, traveling a little bit. You've been all, you've been moving around Charles's Moving around. I just, I've just been here recently. Oh really? Yeah. How was your, how Was your b-day party, bro? It was nice. It was cool. It was fun. It was nice. We just hang out. We barbecued chill. My brother grilled, he, he put on some ribs. Yeah, that was good. Yeah. That's awesome. Swam. It was a good time. Yeah, we swam, we, what did we do? I can't even really remember. We were on a chill vibe. Drank the whole week. Yeah, we drank a lot. Yeah. Did you your birthday week? Yeah. You a birthday week guy? Yeah. No. No. How old were you turning, if you don't mind me asking? 34. 34. That's nice. That's nice. Holy time to give it up for your 30th.


I got, remember we got What, the Fuck. Dude. Dude, we Set this up. I thought it was gonna pay off so much harder. That was pretty great actually. Were you drinking out of the rig? Did you take Okay. I thought, I really thought he was just ripping that. I thought that Was your new thing. I was supportive of it. I was just going, man, that really took me by surprise. He does. That's awesome. Before he got here, he was poking holes in it. And I was like, are you making a water bong, And? he says, no. And then he just squirted it in and we were like, okay, save this for about 40 minutes in because they're gonna think you're so strong that you just squeezed water through the lid. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty sick though. I Got on.


That does seem kind of nice. A smr. Although I'm just, I'm just a gay old man, so I don't know why I love that. Dude. I've been hitting it. I'm, I'm, I'm off porn, but I'm back on. Okay. Like I'm off, like I've deleted my bad Reddit and I've deleted my OnlyFans, but I still have my, my Twitter list, you know what I mean? So I'm like off, but I'm still, and I've been, I don't know what's list. What was the OnlyFans tab before you get in the list? What do you mean? How, how much, how Much was a monthly fee? It wasn't much. I I How much of an allowance were you giving the girls? I was giving myself like $30 a month. Okay, that's not bad. That's for you. Yeah. Yeah. I just, Do you feel like it was worth it for 30 bucks? And I'm not, again, I'm not like, no, I'm not being one of those guys.


Like, oh, never pay for that. No, that's, I've Thought about it several times. My credit cards are, are monitored, but Well if it's, if it's a girl who posts frequently and it's the stuff you like and it's like $5, it's worth it. For sure. But there's some girls who post infrequently and then it's like 15 and it's like, come on. True. Come On. You start hitting 'em. Like where I pay the bills around here, I put a roof over your fucking head. And I, I hate it. I got rid of only 'cause all the girls, they all messaged the same thing. They're like, send me a picture of your cock so I could give you a dick rating for free. And it's like, no, I don't. No. That's the last thing I want. Yeah. No.


And then you say, send me a picture of Your cock You first. How's it feel to be free of the OnlyFans, the shackles? It's nice. It's nice. But I could still get got not by OnlyFans, but like real life, you Know how so I, you know, you just see no buddy. You see a lady. Yeah, I hear you. Sometimes you get sent to your knees, dude. Yeah, True. It's tough out here too. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. We were actually, where the fuck was I, I was somewhere. I don I don't remember the exact place, but I was there. Me and Brittany came with me. We were at, we're at a show afterwards and we were at like a bar and there was like for sure a prostitute sitting next to us. Yeah. Like, like in like a fishnet dress, basically.


Supple young lady. And yeah, it was pretty funny man. She was just sitting there and like, it, it just, women love seeing prostitutes by the way. Brittany was like fucking like, I think she's a prostitute. I was like, yeah, she is. Get outta the way. We let's switch things. Lemme protect you. I'll Be the shield. Huh? No, it was, it was very funny. She was a hooker. I was like, yeah, I think so. I think she was Duh What. the Fuck. I had to, dude, I'm sorry. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to globe shot everybody. I, I don't remember what city I was in. I was just in Tempe. And. they have some of the finest snow bunnies I've ever seen in my Tempe Snow bunny. Heaven man. That's apparently that's where they are. If It ain't snowing, I ain't going.


What about like, Dude, have you heard Salt Lake has good snow bunnies too, but the Mormons were crazy. Yeah. I like the Samoans the best though. Samoans couldn't stop talking about the Samm Mormons. They're all Mormons. They're tier Mormons. They're some Mormons. Some Mormons. Yeah. Oh, There's, they're numerous dude. Whoa. Because The got out to to Hawaii and Tonga and Samoa. That makes sense. And. they planted those seeds and now that's why BYU and Utah have the best offensive lines. I said Catch They get it for the program. Oh yeah. They kept doing another funny joke at the Mormons and the Simone's bonded over their mutual love of pineapples. That was one of my funny jokes from my funny joke joke too. That was one of the funny ones. Well, Sean will hit me up on the road and be like, where are you? And I'll tell him and then he'll be like, I hate it here.


And I'm like, what? Dude? You're living the dream. You're out there, you're moving tickets. I was Happy this weekend though. Yeah. I mean, I texted you. I was happy. I'm so proud of you. Thank you. And I think a lot of people are, and I think you need to reflect on what's going on for yourself. I'm trying to be, I I was in a funk for A while. It's cool to be mired in doom and gloom as a young man. I understand that. But once you break through that and you realize that every moment's a gift, you're gonna live a lot richer life. I'm Getting there. Yeah. Dude. You're about to be 30. Grow up. Yeah. You Gotta shave your pubes. Damn. Sorry. Damn la Mayor. Yeah. It's weird too, especially when you far start fart. Excuse me. You start head, It's hilarious. It's a comedy show When You start headlining.


There is that weird, like, it's like a crazy loneliness to go from doing a show to go like back in your hotel room alone, you feel like, oh, Josh man, this is what you're the fucking best Brother Jay Money It is weird to like go from like being around hundreds of people to like just sitting in a hotel room by yourself. It feels crazy. Yeah. People who are screaming your name and losing it and then you do the merch line afterward. And, they're also stoked. And they tell you how, you know, how the impact their shit's made on their life. Then you just go back to that room and you're like, okay, what do I do now? Time to watch comic besides self-harm. Yeah. Time to watch comics Unleashed. Yeah, dude. Oh, Mario Canones back Every time I, I sit there and I just eventually fall into just like studying various rap beefs.


Like I'll just watch a video. Yeah. I go on YouTube for three hours about like young thugs beefs before he, dude, that trial is so fucking funny. Have you seen any of the compilations? He's gonna get off? I think he will. Do you see Little Woody? No. The guy who doesn't snitch. Yes. Yeah. Oh, he snitched. He's, he's dude and I was on, I was on Butterly podcast recently. And, he was, He was like playing clips And. he, yeah, it's funny as fuck. But I started like, that was like fresh in my mind. So I started looking at the guy, little Woody and like, dude, they're impossible to interrogate because they'll just be like, they'll be asked a question and they'll be like, well, I'm a liar. So anything I tell you, anything I said before was probably a lie. But, so I can tell you, I'll tell you something, but it might be a lie.


And that way they're not perjuring themselves. Yeah, that's, they say they are a lie. It's crazy. That rules Dude. And you have like das or or prosecutors trying to like crush these guys and it's just like, but wait, I feel like I'm wa if I was in the jury, I'd think this guy's winning. He's, did They sign, did they like do the Bible thing? The Oath? Yeah. But he, little Woody had little Woody had immunity. So like he couldn't get in trouble for anything. Yeah. They wanted him to go like testify. 'cause he was originally saying pinning everything on Young Thug. But then he said, he goes, yeah, that's just because I wanted to get outta trouble. He's like, so yes, I did testify saying he did those stuff. But I did lie and I already went to jail. And, he can't, I have immunity so I can't get in trouble for it. Wow. Dude's kind of a legal genius.


It's like, like reverse Socratic logic. It's Great. Dude. It is crazy, man. And, he will like, and they'll like keep firing him up. And. he will, they'll be like, what is, why'd you shrug your shoulders? He'll be like, 'cause they're my shoulders. You can't argue. He's like, yes, they're your shoulders. He's like, what does 3 5 7 mean And? he goes, numbers, is it a gang? He's like, I don't know if you think It is, it might be, but I don't think It is. It might be, who knows? It's like It is true. It is, it might be a gang. It's like quicksand It. Dude, these guy, it's impossible to nail these dudes down. It's so funny. And as soon as you do kind of get 'em, they'll be, they'll literally be like, why are you being all negative? Man? I don't wanna be thinking about all this shit. It's so, man, I, I hope this, I wish this guy the best. I hope Little Woody has a, just gets out.


This puts us all behind good life. He's so quiet. That's how you fill the hours of your night Sean watch. Get to the bottom of Little Woody It. Is it Woody and not Woody? It's Woody. Little Woody. Yeah. Yeah. It's not Woody Little Woody's not from the 5 0 4. Although, yeah, young Thug did have a significant beef with Lil Wayne, which he went to the Magnolia area and also And. he got booed. But that's why I learned Lil Wayne is mad that Kendrick is doing the halftime show. I know. Birdman said that's some bs. Yeah, I kind of agree. I think so too. I would love a wheezy halftime shit. Yeah, it would be nice. But like they don't really do rappers. They're having Kendrick Lamar, not Fucking Kendrick Lamar Dude.


Kendrick Lamar's like the first rapper. Yeah. Well who Did that Shit. That's true. Fucking 50 cent The weekends. Not a rapper. 50 cent And all MM And. they had the expendable, the expendables of rap. Did They had Royce the five nine in the game. It was a, it was a shady aftermath Super Bowl. But that was like three years ago. Okay, well Dude, but rap doesn't happen often. It doesn't happen often. It doesn't. It doesn't. Well, you know, now Kenrick DeMar was on that one too. He was on that one. The, the black super black Avenger Avengers Super Bowl Halftime Show. Yeah. An Eminem. True. It's not, it's not the common, but It is, I think it'll become more and more. Yeah. But I, I think It's like, well, because Jay-Z runs it now.


He picks all the Super Bowl Stuff. Right. I forgot he became like the official because It's Apple Music. Yeah, Well the NFL was racist. And, they paid Jay-Z to be their official black guy. So it all went away. It's all forgiven. Yeah. Just like h and m. It just like Papa John And yes, Shaq would Papa John. It's a classic technique. When are you gonna get the racist apologist bag? You could definitely get that would me. Yeah. If some big, if some big like corporation goes down, jump in and be like, guys, I can make this all. All right. I'll smooth this over for you Because What is Jay-Z's his, his position is like a, like a liaison. Yeah. He is definitely just a liaison. He's like black cultural liaison. No, because I think that Is, he's the fixer for the streets. Yeah. Because that's the big things I, but I do think, what did they give him?


Is it like an ownership type position or is it like, well, In what h and m or like in, I think, What is it? I, I don't, In the NFL, he might have a stake. He might, he have a small share in that. I think that's Pretty nice. Probably in some team. Now He's like the black union boss who's like get these guys in line or another. Yeah, he's the Pinkerton but not pink. Yeah. That was Nobody's kneeling right now. Right? That's No kneeling Kneelings over Kneelings done. Yeah. Taylor Swift fixed everything. Black people are done kneeling. We're standing up now. True. Can I tell you, you guys thought about this, you know, Tua quarterback I about the lady DeMar Hamlin.


So DeMar Hamlin lived Tua. I talking about the lady like, have you guys heard of that? You seen this, you heard about this? Can you believe it? Talk Tua talk. Yeah. That's what guy just got knocked out, right? Yeah. So Tuas brain was put in the paint shaker by a guy who died on the field tomorrow. Handle, yeah. So. that guy lived to kill Tua. Yeah. This Is a strange, strange cosmic coincidence. Yeah. A bit of a Highlander situation. Yes, indeed. Took his Soul. And why did he, I saw him lower his head. And He was like, dude, what are you do? I mean, you know, obviously Beast move. That's how I play Madden. But it's like, it's like he didn't have to do that man. He fully just like no reason already had the first down. He went Hawaiian battering Ram.


He did? Yeah, he did. He was like the Dole Corporation on the islands. Yeah, dude, it's crazy. It is so sad. He was fucked, bro. He Came up publicized. What's his status? Is he all right now? Or He's, I think he's gonna have to retire. I was texting Soder. 'cause he knows the head coach of the Dolphins. I know And. He's like, it's not looking good. Ah. Yeah. That sucks, bro. I mean, they changed the concussion protocol because he got two in one game last year. And then they're like, ah, it's fine. And now he's out there and it's, it's, it's, it's it's, it's bad. It's a bad state of affairs for The game. What if, what if we like fixed every player to like bumper car strings? Love it. That way they kind of like, we could like pull back a little bit or Yeah, like attach like a tether from the back of their head to their shoulder pads so they can't lower their head. True. If We Try to lower your head, it just yanks you back up.


I think we've shock collars maybe. Yeah. Maybe like Knight's armor, maybe like stiff metal armor is what? Them Neck suits would be great. Suits Would be awesome. Me suit football would rule. Finally, the Japanese can have a place in the game. They got the, there's a kicker on the Falcons, but that's about it. Dude, The Tokyo Gundams would fuck everybody up. Yeah. That guy's So, that guy's done though. He just, it's, and it's brain. Usually it's like knee or this, it's like, dude fucking That sucks dude. Yeah, he was Too. Doesn't know colors. He was great. He was starting for one of the most explosive offenses in the game. Yeah. It's a shame. I hope he makes it back. I mean, at that point, what do you Do? I do too, because I took the over on total yardage for the year. I was like, he's going for over 3,500.


So you don't you think he'll really retire now? I think it's, I hope so. He the same Move has to Yeah. And. he can retire and go to Hawaii and coach high school football and like be a king for the rest of his life. That's true. You know? Yeah. And it's not like, again, he what took him out as playing like an absolute beast. He Would get ruined by all those other Samoans though. They'd be like, you go to the NFL and you quit 'cause of your head. Because Samoans have hard heads. Yeah. Well he, but he's Hawaiian. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta, there's a whole dean over there. They're, they're different. You know the easiest way to get your ass kicked by a Samoan call. Call him a Tongan. Oh No. I would Never Or tell 'em that their cookies are banging. Dude, Those cookies Are banging. Dude, I can't believe you gave this to the Girl Scout Cookie. Why can't I get those year round? Play it.


They changed the name of those things, by the way. Yeah. They're called like Caramel Delights. Yeah. Now they named 'em after Puerto Ricans Touchdown. I think it's location based regionally in some places it's still Samoa on the Box. Really? Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. You think that might be, you might be getting some swaggy girl scout. It might be like the old stuff. You Got Mids. Yeah. That's like last year's outdoors. Dude. I think you're getting like some really old weed You are getting fucking trimmed. Remember getting trimmed back in the day and you'd be like, I'm rich. Yeah. You Get a fucking trash bag full of leaf matter dude.


And it's all moldy. And you'd be like, I'm gonna be smoking hash forever. Back in the day. This, this was not that long ago. I, I had a lot of trim at one point. I had a little, I was buying dry ice from this place in South Philly and I was just, I had these hashtags and I would just sit in my basement and just shake. I mean pounds and pounds of trim. Yeah. Yeah. It is so nice. It was the best. But yes, it does. It did feel so sick to have like literally trash bags full of like, I have weed batch bags full of weed. There were some nugs in there. There were some popcorn nugs. Yeah. You'd be digging through those popcorn nugs like a black squirrel. This guy doesn't even know what he gave me. It Is crazy. Poor idiot. There's A lot of ladybugs in this bag.


That's good for I. just remember, I would remember literally smoking like spiderwebs in a pike. Like This is free. I'm the smartest man alive. Yeah. Yeah. Getting trim is so sweet, dude. Although I will say the curd pa medical program man, don't get me started. They sell trim to patients. Yeah. Oh, I remember you. That's pissed about. It's crazy, bro. That's rude. And dude, I mean, you know, God obviously has a plan. 'cause I smoked so much trim in my day. Yeah. So I bought shake from the pa dispensary. Shame on you guys, by the way. And I was, I hit my lungs and I went, that's fucking trim dude. Mark that is not ground nug. Yes. And I was like, motherfuckers. And I confronted 'em And. they were like, well, you know, the dude literally looked at me And. he goes, that's just the game, dude.


I'm like, get the fuck out the game. It is acting like a fucking kingpin behind The counter. You're a state sanctioned entity for the Game. I Dude what? Dude it kill me. I was just like, brother, you have no fucking idea what you're talking about. But yeah. Shame on the Pennsylvania medical marijuana program. You guys are fucking joke compared to every other state. I see. Every other state's fucking chill. Yeah. Dude, in Oklahoma you can just get a grow permit. Oklahoma rules Their weed's good too. Oklahoma rules temp had good weed. That used to be the scariest place to drive through with weed. When I'd be driving from Denver into the greater Midwest. You go through Oklahoma And, they would just have, if you had Denver, Colorado plates and you go to Oklahoma, you're getting pulled over. Yeah. And yeah, I've been, I've had the car dumped out various times.


Yeah. They'll get, they see them, they see them plates. They say, hold on brother. Good thing you stick your joints And your asshole. Well, I used to, we would fucking put 'em right on our taints. The grs, you'd take your bag and you'd put it on the taint and you'd sit on it. And the issue with that though is you get fucking, can I Have one of those right now? Smoking? Yeah. Hopefully you get a 65-year-old cop. Oh fuck. He's definitely gonna check. Nobody has to know about this. I remember getting pulled over and sitting on the weed and then as you're like sitting there nervous, your body temperature rises. Yep. So all of a sudden you're fucking making hash in your shorts. So scary. You lay an egg.


I'm glad they figured It out though, dude. Now though, state of weed's crazy now with A-T-H-C-A. Do you like, I mean I've, I've talked about this before. I it's, it's just a, it's, I shouldn't even talk about it, but it's like you can literally get it. You can just get weed now. You get it. It is THCA and it's legally, totally, legally on board. It's THCA until you like it. It's not illegal because THCA is not psychoactive. Yeah. But if you subject it to the heat of a flame. Interesting. I, I don't know. Yeah. Whenever I smoke that kinda stuff, I don't Like it. I was in Rome, And, they had that THC, well Maybe I'm smoke Delta nine. I'm talking about Delta, Delta nine and all this other stuff. Delta eight. Delta eight. Delta eight. You ever heard of THCI Hate Delta eight.


No, THCV is The It is like the more Psychoactive version of THCA. Really. I'm sure it would spin me out. I had to just start smoking live rosin because it has all the turp stripped out. But I don't think it does though. I think live ro you told me that and I thought about it. I was like, I think you might be smoking a distillate. I'm distillates have turp strip Rosn keeps if it's live. The whole point at live rosn means is they kept the TURPs. It's cold water. It's just cold water is all this, this is made from, it's pretty much just like bubble hash from back in the day. TURPs intact. But my scientist told me that there's no TURPs in there. And that's why I can out your scientist. Yeah. I have a scientist who like, you know, He could be right himself. Yeah. He totally could be. Right. But I guess maybe there's Lester is Becker. No, it's not Becker. Becker's not a scientist.


I thought he would be. Becker Was walking into these fucking dispensaries in Rome and buying like, you know, some, like, he, he came out literally of a fucking THCA dispensary in Rome with his thumb. Just with a big ball of goo on it. And He was like, they hooked it up. They hooked it up. They A bag for you. Yeah. That's my scientist. The booger. They Gave him the booger like way to go, buddy. Yeah. Hell is, It's so fucking, we should have asked you about your travels. Yeah, Dude. Oh no, the travels were fun. It's just, it's great to be going on a trip with your boys to a beautiful city. And. they, we brought the wives this time. Oh, nice. So we had Bitch Planet and then we were just fucking, we were a satellite of bitch Planet.


We were just a moon to them. And, they kept spinning fat. Although vacation's, usually that's the highest spirits a lady. If you take a lady in a different place, man. And the spirits all Want. And also it's like, Hey ladies, we're gonna go do some fucking boring shit. AKA go to a soccer game. Yeah. We set you up with spa. We've got you spa treatment. You know, it's, it's very easy to, That is that well abandon Need that need to negate their need. True though. I, I feel like they do, they need like more, they just need to be like rubbed down and just like squeezed. Yeah. You know, every so often. Because that will, you can really put a lady at bay if you send her into the spa, man. They, they love that. And if you set it up, if you thought about them and you say, Hey, tomorrow at three o'clock you're pampered. Yep. I can finally finish this Japanese crime novel.


Yeah. They do love the spa. I mean, vacation Bay is the best version. It's the best, best version of me too. I think for sure. Maybe that's why they're doing better is because I'm better in that moment. I don't know. I don't know. You can be a pretty nice guy sometimes it's still punish you. But the, I've never been on a Vacation. Oh dude, it's crazy bro. Take, I mean it's, imagine if you could somehow give the pussy a Mario Star. It's crazy, bro. It goes, it goes just, it's nuts. Yeah. It's like pre-breakfast. Yeah. I haven't had any coffee yet. You're not gonna brush your teeth. Let's go. Yeah, they, it's, it's nuts man. I've literally like looked into just becoming a coconut farmer multiple times.


Like, why Do I live in America? I can just stay here and it's pretty nice. Get tons of pussy all the time. Why do I live over there and Oh Yeah. Because I love you. Great. I'm Saying with her, I'm like, I might as I might as well just bring you here and we can just be like, peasants in the Dominican Republic. Well, I guess 'cause you're not, you're living the, when you're living in the all, all inclusive It is kind of like King life. Oh yeah, yeah. Like let's try this place the same, it's just four restaurants or all the fucking same on the thing. You could just move to Moldova though, or like one of these Balkan estate Moldova and by like, what was once a futile castle and you just live in there. I mean there's just, there's so many fucking That's my bug out back. WiFi's bad in the castle though.


Okay. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Thinking About kind like getting hit and stuff, but yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I'm trying to tap out of the digital realm. Not you. It would be funny to be in a castle, like on Instagram, be like, What the Fuck Trying to go live. Hey guys. Yeah. I think Bono lives in a castle, doesn't he? Bon Bono real lives in a castle next to fucking Enya. Enya lives in a castle too. Neighbor, she never leaves. Castle Bon. Yeah. She's, yep. She's just fucking sealed herself in that castle for The last Yeah, bro. Exactly. Ooh, beautiful. I think Bonno has taken her down. She doesn't have like a, a long, she doesn't have like a family or anything. She's just dedicated to making like, like wild Binaural beats.


She's dedicated her life to Beautiful Binaurals. Yeah. Dude, check out now check out Anya's house. Enya has like Bono's castle. Sick as fuck. Dude. How you spell Enya? ENYA. That was tough. Anya's got a fucking nasty place too. Look at this. Yeah. En Anya's got like a rival Castle. Do you need wifi in there? La mere. Yes. Fair enough. She looks ghoulish. You're just playing your switch by like a torch flight. Yeah. You're lighting candles. All of your games are like sealed with wax. You are You have your own stand. I'm still so bad. You told me I had to grow up.


You have all people. I've Been seething silently over it for the past 20 Minutes. He's lost boys over there. He's been putting up there for a while. Yeah. It was cranky. I had to get it off my chest. I was gonna be so I'm gonna say nasty things to you and I just bit my tongue for 20 minutes. Yeah. There's been blood running outta your mouth. I'm glad I got that off the chest. Oh my God. Now I can love you again. Like a Brother that was playing. I know. I love you. I. just, how was it I? just about feeling That was shrapnel. Yeah. I've been trying to grow up. I've been trying to go on walks. It was so like, I, I realized I was depressed for a while because I went on a walk and I like left my phone at home and I was like, I've never walked around my neighborhood.


And I felt like institutionalized as I was walking on the, I was like, kind of like glancing. I was, it was really embarrassing. I was like, dude, I haven't lived like a human since I've moved here. I've just been on my computer all day. And then I leave at night when the sun goes down. Well, It's also been how long, how long you been here Now? Almost a year. 'cause you got here in October. I got here in November. I was crab squirreled for the first like seven months. Yeah. I don't, I usually don't drink that much. I was drinking like a lot for me. I was drinking a lot Personally When I was down there. Yeah. Tequilas. I was just like crushing tequila, like nonstop movement. And yeah, eventually I just like, was like all I gotta chill the fuck out. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm finally getting outta my swirl, which is nice. Yeah. I've been trying to reduce the screen time.


Walking Around. The neighborhood is Go outside. That's nice. I had never walked around my neighborhood once. It's so nice Walking. I was like, what's the matter with me, Dude. No, that makes sense. I, I can see, I can see. I, I never took you for like a long walk guy, but it's the best. It's the best for you. It's fantastic. It's kid. And I've been having ideas again. I was like having zero ideas and I was feeling like I was in such a rut. And then I, once I started walking, I've just been having ideas again. I was like, oh, thank God. Have you met your neighbors? I, I know a couple of, but I've known a couple of 'em for a while. I see. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm telling you that those walks are like, it's the best thing in the world. Just taking a nice long walk. I love it. Yeah. That's my new jam. I Think that's a problem with the phone is that it like, it becomes easy to offload all your thoughts onto the phone.


It's instant content. Yeah. I try to, I I use it, I think to have zero thoughts. Yeah. Yeah. Completely dead end. I feel like a dead ends like Yeah. I, yeah. I'm like, I have no ideas And yeah. You know, I'm always like, I'm doing research, I'm gonna get something out of this and I get nothing out of it. I just Stare at it. Like, fuck. Someone told me about dopamine stacking how you, if you, like, I, I would watch videos on my phone or like, you know, YouTubes or I was watching Entourage on my phone for a while. Oh no. And I would play Call of Duty. It just like, totally Fried playing Call of Duty while watching re While I just like listening to Entourage. Dude. I knew a guy who used to do that. That's a dopamine stick coming to Huberman. Someone told me that the other day. Huberman advises against a dopamine stick. Yes. It says it just dulls your Whatever the fuck dude.


I used to go into a, you know, I'm, look, I'm, I'm pausing myself out. I'm saying I used to go in this guy's room, I'm selling weed and dude, well, like, I would go in there to drop the sack and like he would That's crazy, Dude. He would've music on, on like a speaker, have his like laptop going and have like VIGs or like a, or a movie at the same time. And I'd always be like, God damn dude that is, and I never, that's a dopamine stack. Yeah. So keep yourself from having any thoughts. Yeah. So I'll try to stay away from that as of Yeah. You're Just Digital keys in Front your face all day. It was, it was bad. And I was like, why am I so sad all the time? I don't think I think at all We've covered this before.


Told you that brother. I've been, I don't, I didn't, I don't either that much, but I've been trying to What happens When you eat like a lot of mushrooms? Like what is like the, what's going on is just like A, I don't eat a lot of mushrooms. Okay. I always go, I've never gone past like an eighth. Okay. That's, that's, that'll get your thoughts moving. Like what happens with that? Well, I just like, it, it goes straight to my shoulders and I just have to move. It's like if, do a dog I just wanna run around. Yeah, I know. That's my dog. My dog had fucking mushrooms one time. Unfortunately. I remember that. I could tell he just wanted to get out there and just move around. Dude, I get the zoomie. You've never had like profound, like when you're on mushrooms, like a No.


There was one time I got one, I got, I, I had a, a Cuker chocolate and I had just had to lay down with my eyes closed and I just like visited aliens. Yeah. There You go. That's what I'm talking about. You have a lot of thoughts man. Dude, I don't think you're giving Yourself enough enough credit. You're Yeah, exactly. That's kind of my point. I think you're, you're a very Curious person. Like when my buddy came in last night, he was that physicist. Yeah. Oh, you immediately hit him with, if you're a physicist, why don't I float? I was like, okay, Tell me you're not having any thoughts, so get the fuck outta here bro. Like answer the question sir. Right away Before Sean grow up Explained gravity. No, he Tried to say Gravity.


And. he, gravity He was like, I don't believe in that Shit. Doesn't Believe in gravity. That's a good point. Again, don't gimme that bullshit about gravity. Yeah. Why don't I float? I just gotta let him know, dude, I'm side Whatcha Talking about in pool. Why Aren't I standing like this? Yeah, no, just like in the air. You should be floating. True. Well technically, well yeah I guess we are, but we're, you know, we're not floating. But the orb we're on is floating. Yeah. It's kind of sick. Yeah. Flying monkeys in space. True. Where Are we at? Time wise? Josh. We're at an hour, god dammit. Like, just like that. We, you feel the hour hit a podcast and you go What.


The Fuck happened. I'm all out of ideas. Yeah. Sam, Thank you so much for doing this bro. Dude, Thank you for having me. This is like the only time we, we could have hung out. I know. You know, unfortunately, dude, I gotta fucking go to the beach and lay in the water. I Have to go cook Bob Ganus with Tommy Pope. Oh, you're Doing the cookie show Max. Yeah. Lick A dish. Ever since Chris O'Connor abdicated his role, He's not doing one cooking anymore. I Don't know what's going. Maybe Philly. This is no one's business but Chris. Yeah. Oh real. He doesn't wanna cook. Maybe you know Tommy featured in the club And, he was spilling tea anyway. Gotcha, gotcha. Gotcha. Chris doesn't wanna cook. He doesn't wanna cook. What? Yeah, exactly. Well Thank you for having me. Thank you brother. Appreciate you. Hey come see me in Philly by the way. Oh, come to Denver. I'm doing Helium the first weekend in November.


Come to Denver for Thanksgiving weekend. Listen to Chubby Behemoth. Thank you guys. Thank you. I really love Hanging out with you guys and love Hanging out with you. It sucks. We have to monetize our chill time. But Does come on. So you listen. Does it though? Hey I can't. I always say does does it You say that and I go, does it kind of fucking awesome And also we fucking actually had good in-depth conversations. That's what I'm saying. You know, it wasn't me being like, so how was Providence Dude, imagine if prostitutes could all hang out with each other and get paid. They do. Yeah. But we don't need anyone. Imagine if we needed someone just like coming on us the whole time. We don't even have to get cued down. We don't have to get cu on guys, guys. October 10th I'll be at Hilarity Comedy Club in Cleveland, Ohio. The Wilbur in Boston, Massachusetts.


That is October 18th. Milwaukee Improv. My God. And guys the big one. The New York City Comedy Festival. Yes. They won't shut the fuck up about me being in the video guys. I'll be there. I'll be there With you. 1116 I'll be in town hall, New York, New York. Part of the prestigious New York Comedy Festival. I'm excited. I can't wait. And also Capital One Hall, Tysons, Virginia. I booked two I think theater's prematurely. So please fill back to clubs after that. Please come guys. I the Bridgeport Stress Factory prematurely. Have you been there before? No Dude. I heard it's a fucking me grind there. So, hey, tickets are very available for that weekend after Tus. October 1st. First Tuesday of the month. Oh yeah. Preaching the cave. Me, Lamar, Nate, Ari, Maddy will be there.


Dylan Sullivan will be there. He's lost. And all of our good buds will be there. Yeah. Really. And Nate Marshall, of course. Motherfucker. October 9th Helium Comedy Club. Indianapolis over there in Red Room and then at the comedy cabin in Jamesville that weekend. 11th, 12th. That's You're gonna have a fun time. Butterly Jamesville. Where? Jamesville. Where? Wisconsin. Okay, cool. I just wanna make, okay, cool, cool. Josh, you like the mayor? You Josh. Yeah, when you do that room, they like come and give you a key to the city. re like thank you so much for coming to Jamesville. What happened? Is everything okay? Well hell yeah. God bless you. Thank you bro. Sayara.