
Fired up, dude. Guess who just got back to D? Yeah, baby. I'm gonna do my best not to get fired up. Why? Because of the debate. That's white noise to me, bro. I'm, I'm doing my best. That's white noise. I'm trying so hard. Dude. He kind of blew it there. I don't see It. Just did it. Whatever. I mean, you're Texas lead, dude. You're, you're turning Texas Blow. No, no, no. Dude thought, I thought it was gonna be no contest. He fell for all of her traps. Stevie, get over here. Yeah. He fell right into everything she was doing. And like, she would contradict her. And I get it. Obviously. Look man in the arena, obviously, I get it. But it's like, It was three on one, bro.


It was crazy. She admitted that Covid came from China. That was like a whole thing against Trump that he Was fucking, see, I only caught the end. I only caught the end. I didn't see that. I Saw the last, the end was the wheels. You saw the wheels were off at that point. Exactly. First I was, he, he, he had her in the first half and then she didn't, I mean, I'm like a rape victim listening to her. I disassociate. I'm like outta my body. Once I hear a girl, like, let me explain something you, I'm just like, oh my God. Oh my God. This is the worst shit in the world. What? Just say you're A-P-T-S-D dude. You don't need to use that. I can't stand that shit, bro. You're a man. You should specify. You are same Old thing. You're A man on man. You always been selling a man on man rape. You should specify. You feel like a man on man rape victim. Yeah. Yeah. The only you, the only part that I'll admit, I got triggered. I'm not above getting triggered.


I got triggered the whole time I got triggered by the Libs. Dude. I got triggered when she was like, he's so divisive. Oh dude, you be done with the racist stuff. Whoa. No, but I'm saying it's like the Dems being like, you guys are obsessed with race. Yeah. It is crazy. Yeah. You guys literally started Black Lives Matter. You freaks Dude. I was, I was Literally, whatever I Knew. This is exactly what I wanted do. When that happened, when that happened, I was, I was literally gripping my sheets in bed being like, are you fucking Serious right now? We've all become our fathers. Yeah. I used to watch my dad watch Obama do the state of the Union and be like, fucking bullshit. Yeah. Oh shit. We're better off than ever. And I'd watch him, I'd be like, you fucking dumb ass. What do you carrying now I'm doing, I'm the same guy sitting.


No, that was egregious. I mean, for sure. But that was egregious last night. That was crazy. And then she'd be like, let's just all like pump each other up. And the next sentence, He was like, he's such a fucking piece of shit. She was like, all he does is name call. And then they're like, he's literally a threat to democracy. We need to destroy him. He is the devil. Like, I'm here for you. It's like, dude, you gave people the maximum sentence for weed. You are a bad person, bro. No, She was was, listen, get it out. Let's get it out. That'll do podcast, bro. How About the fucking, she was a prosecutor. That's all she cared about was the people. It's you fucking fucking prosecutor. She's Like, even Dick Cheney. We have the great Dick Cheney on our side. It's like, is anyone listening to this? Goldman Sachs and Dick Cheney promote me? It's like, yeah, that's the worst fucking ad you could possibly run for yourself.


Whatever. Look, we got that out of our system. I'm pissed off. Let's Now, obviously, obviously let's start now. 20,000 Haitians in a small town in Springfield, Ohio. It is crazy. It's a bad idea. That's crazy. And then, dude, that, that shit's real. All right, we'll start soon. We'll start soon. Let's just Get it Out. Let's out. That shit's real. All no shit is real. All. And she did want gender affirming care for illegal immigrants. Yes. And did. And she wanted to take guns, which she said she didn't. The other thing that pissed me off is they were fact checking. Sorry, hold on. Fact check. Can we start right Down? Let's start over. Said we're not, you know, Can we please start with Jennifer? I, dude Jennifer Affirm care for illegal immigrants is so fucking crazy. Dude.


Give it a chance to a fucking wand. Or some shit's crazy when he brought it up. People are laughing at him. Yeah. They're like, what a fucking idiot. That's what they do. It's like, no, they, that's real. They invert the truth. Yeah. It's all good. Every time. Well, imagine Being a very stoic Mexican man. Dude, you're just, you're like Five. Dude, I've seen One before. Stoic as hell. And you get into this country thinking you're gonna live your dreams. And, they take you in the room and say, bro, you're getting tits in the Fuck Yo. You don't think the lad, the lads. So of those lads would be like, Yo. See, boy Don, when I used to go to the dump, I saw that shit. There was one Mexican dude with monster tits. Stop. And. they would unload the truck next to me. When you saw Kamala Frankenstein. Yes. Literally. I'm not kidding. There's one.


There's one. You saw Kamala's work. There's one that transition owned and fucking the transition. Dude, it was wild. I would look over And. he look at the rest of the Mexican. Wait, what? He was That a trash dump? He was that a trash dump? Yeah. Like just boltons. Like, not even trying to get like natural looking tits. They were just fucking fake. Like you saw, you saw one of Kamala's abominations. Yes, yes. One of her misfit toys. What? On dude, they Probably did it for a fucking commercial. Like, look, we're gonna give you tits. We'll give you 25,000. She commercial. No, I'm saying for like a Kamala commercial. They probably went up to some of Mexican. We were like, we'll give you tits. We'll give you 50 grand cash. And. he was probably just like, she, she, He was one of those viral videos where he holds up a cardboard sign with like something mean somebody said, so he's gonna trash dump.


He'll make fun of my T. It's Just drop the card in. Huge double D's behind 'em. It was crazy. They were powerful tits. I saw him like, God damn bro. Of course bro. Got huge tits. Well that's, I'm done. That was shit. Fired me up. I can't hide who I am. Dude, that got me. It's gonna annoying. Tried to fight it. Any chick It Is gonna annoy You. It was dispiriting for sure to watch that and be, it was like, I was like, oh shit, it's on. I turn it on. I'm like, he's about to be crushing her and I'm watching him just like I knew he wouldn't, I knew going into it, he wasn't gonna crush her. She was, she clearly practiced speeches that she gave throughout the thing. Oh, you knew exactly. They knew exactly what he was gonna bring up. You don't know about the earring. What earring?


Oh, she had a microphone. She had an earring. That is, there's ads. I mean, there's ads for the same exact earring. That is a microphone in your ear, but it's an earring. You can look at the fuck up. Dude. I swear to God. I assume she has. I mean, dude, they, they can, she can get a little implant. An undetectable ear. Like Biden Had one on the last one. Damn dude. He probably had fucking like five. Dude. He probably was fucking out of his body. He might've had a dude in a mo. He might've had a dude in a mocap Suit. Like in the basement of the White House. Yeah. Go. Sorry dude. I looked at the news. No, Kamala Harris wasn't wearing one of those ear pieces. Yeah. All I'm debunked, I guess. Debunked also, dude, they're fact checking Trump in real time all day long.


And Kamala brought that dumb shit with fine people on both sides. And even snow says that's mis, that's misleading. Trump didn't just say there's fine people on both sides talking about fucking racist and tiki torch. Boys, you can't hold on though before we go. You can't claim earpiece. That's conceding a loss. You can't. You can't. You can't claim audio earpiece. Why? Because it looks like you sour grapes. I'm not sour grapes. I just, I know, but it just looks like if you're like, well the reason she wanted cheat piece, I piece don't. Yeah. I don't think she wants. Well then don't talk about the earpiece. Alright, I'll shut up. I'm just saying, lemme coach. He's Cheating's got, she's the next one. Michigan. Her and Michigan are in the same fucking boat. Yo dude. Oh my God. I fucking forgot.


I saw that What. the Fuck happened to you we're looking good this year and we got taken out by NIU, bro. I used to cry the Husty. Did you cry? No, but I, I was, I had a show that night in Atlanta and Notre Dame lost in northern Illinois at home this week. And worst loss in, I mean program history. Mate. It's up there. It is one of the worst. What was the score? It's up there. They lost by two. They lost by a field goal. Hey fucking Northern Illinois. Northern Illinois, bro. The Huskies, that's a Mac school that came into South Bend and beat Notre Dame in the home. Opening It is, I mean it's a program. Crushing loss. Felt good for the coach.


Dude was fucking crying like, dude, it was nice. That was nice. Yeah. He's real pumped for his guys. But I had a show that night and I just leave. As soon as the game ended, I literally sat on the edge of my hotel, held my hotel bed dressed, waiting to go to the show. The car was downstairs. I was like, hold on, I'm not leaving yet. I gotta watch this game. Field goal goes in. I go, all right, fine, let's go to the show. I head to. Then you gotta do arena. My lady was with me. My lady was with me. And I had to pretend I wasn't, I was trying so hard not to fast. Yeah. I was high gazing off the distance. I was fucking, I was dead silent. It was like I had 45 minute drive to the arena. I was silent the entire ride. I sat shotgun in the car obviously.


I saw that I wanted a text. I was like, God damn. That's fucking insane. Lost. I haven't played NCAA since college. Football's dead to me right now. It's why not us? Why can't, why can't we get, why can't one, and then we get one and then we get one against Texas a and m. And what do I get? Northern Illinois next week. Oh, that sucks so bad. Dude. And I was talking shit to people after the a and m win where you actually, yeah, I was going. Yeah. You guys said Notre Dame sucked. Yeah. Suck my dick. Dude. Pretty good this year. She was pretty good. Oh, suck my dick then. Here comes, that might be good for their season though. That might be one of those things. Could be worse for their season.


I hear you. There's no offense. This is a nice girlfriend take. You're giving me, no offense. This could absolute, I know. You're just being supportive friend. I know. You're being supportive. This could set the program back five years. This literally could mean my dad never gets to see a championship One L, This type of loss. You should just start. You should group text. All of them fire the entire, you're gonna, everything has to start over. Oh God. I thought, I thought they could all bond together under like a deep personal low point. Now don't get me wrong, don't get me wrong, Florida. Gators did that deep inside. I believe that is what's going to happen. I hear you Deep. You're Thinking the nuts. And, they defeated You. Think about the nuts and bolts of the regime.


Damn. It was, it was a disastrous loss. It affected my, my mood on Saturday in the show. I had to address it pretty early in the show. I say guys, I, and they're all Georgia fans, so they're all going, damn, the whole arena was barking at me. You're a bit of a mother hand bro. What do you mean? The dogs are just kind of gravitating towards you. Maybe I'm, I never see your soft side. What? I never see it. Whatcha you talking about? He's a lover of animals. Dude. Sweet. He's a lover of animals in all creatures. Francis, If sissy. Yeah. Especially you bro. They're talking about fucking killing the cats. What would you do if a Haitian got a Tibble? That'd be a problem.


I'd be, who's killing The cats? The Haitians. Some of the Haitians killed the cat. But it wasn't a Haitian that ate that cat. That lady. Yeah. That was just a lady on fucking bass salt. Yeah, I was dying The fucking one girl's like, that's not a Haitian, that's just a black lady. We don't care about race. It's like, that's technically not that type of black person. Well yeah, she was saying it was. Yeah. I mean, well right now there I watched a video on Aurora, Colorado and the guy was trying to prove, they were like a ven Venezuelan gang members. And most people were like, geez, the gangs. And then one guy came out and was like, man, it's not fucking gangs. Everyone. They've been, people have been shooting here forever. He thinks that he is like, they're definitely being bused in here.


But he is like, he's like, there's more going on than we can ever put together. I was like, fuck yeah dude. Nice. Yeah. It's a government coup. Yeah. He's like Yo. I think there's something else. Is at something else is at play here. It's nice. You can't get, you can't get lost in the weeds though, dude. I don't know. Overall disastrous stretch of days for me. That's tough. Yeah. Are you sober? Yeah. How many days? Don't worry about it. Two. No one. What day is it? Wednesday. Wednesday. This is day four. Let's go dude. BD. Damn. You're glowing bro. Thanks man. I hate it. I'm getting drunk. When soon? How does it, how did the hang, how's it been leaving?


Like a five day stretch and then hitting like a, A hangover? Because I, I guess what, cause you have like the clarity to juxtapose. Yeah. How's that been? Same. Same as it ever was. I mean it's way easier to take five days off and get a hangover than drink for five days and get a hangover on the fifth. Oh. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's a significantly better experience. Yeah. True. That makes sense. Yeah. Are you pissed? It didn't take little tochi as fucking the cereal bowl. Yeah. Another hell dude. Dude. Another hell. Kendrick and fucking sake in the, in the dirty south. That's fine. Do. You. Know about that? No.


What? Fucking, I think the Super Bowl's in St. Louis. This or what's that? New Orleans. New Orleans, Louisiana. Yeah. And. they coulda got fucking Tunechi but they didn't. They picked Kendrick. Yes. Bird man's pissed. Kendrick Lamar's doing halftime. Is he really? He's gonna call Drake a pedophile in front of the entire world. Yep. Birdman Stu is pissed. No. Burman just tweeted. This is some hate and shit for real. It is some hate and shit, dude. And then I watched Lil Wayne perform at WrestleMania and it was freaking Horrible. It is Mania bro. It's tough. It's Mania is a tough crowd for a rap concert. Yeah. Win Bizkit rocked WrestleMania.


Did he play? Yeah, I think he did the undertaker's intro. Dude, I had a dream where I was what? Sniping people. And every time I had a head shot the Undertaker intro started playing all It's pretty sick. It's all I got. It's all I got. It's All, it's all I got this week. Hold on, keep talking. Is dog whizzing? No. He's just fucking doing dumb. No. Limp Bizkit played. Keep on Rolling Baby. And Undertaker rode a motorcycle down the ramp at mania. I mean dude, you can't really beat that. It's as good as it gets. That does fuck me up. 'cause that's like where I started off with what is cool, like my whole entire foundation of what is cool is wrestling.


So for a long time I would just stone cold center. My cousins be like, I'm the coolest guy on the planet. This is what you do to everyone. Yeah. Pulling off a stunner is pretty fucking satisfying. It Got, it's really dangerous. It got so bad to a point where I, I came home from the mountains one weekend and I call, I like went over and knocked up for Frank He was like, Yo, let's go play outside. And. he knew it was coming. He was like, dude, I know you're gonna stun me. I was like, dude, I swear to God I'm not. I fucking stu him in the front yard. You kick him with his stomach Or did you pulled out? Yeah. Dude, it's a stone cold stunner. Dang. He's My fucking hero, bro. Oh, that would, He knew it was Coming, dude. To have the retard cousin walk over to your house and knock on the door and be like, he's gonna fucking stunner me. My other Mary just reminded me what I did to her when I was like, fucking three What.


the Fuck are those socks no show though. It doesn't stink. What is it? I'm wearing fucking wearing low profile socks. So my fucking let him, let him get a profile of the side on that. My van's fucking side brother. I know what you're talking about. Ooh. Like little ballerina slippers. Yeah. I'm like sketch, bro. So what happened? What did you do to our cousin when you were three? Oh, she, I was like doing something to Frank at the swing set and she's like, Billy stop. And I let her just looked at everybody. I go, you're a fucking bitch. And I ran home and she told Aunt Marsha. And then I got my mouth washed out with soap. I was like, I remember getting my mouth washed out for soap.


It's like fucking three or four. He was like, fuck you bitch. I had a baseball bat and blew my uncle's headlight out for no reason. Billy Went on a spree. I saw you walking around with that thing and I was like, What the Fuck. And I was like, whatever. And then you hit Wouldn't, our dog wouldn't Stink. Well you hit our dog in the stomach. We had an elder dog. I don't remember that. He was a tiny, tiny Billy was like very, very little. Like didn't know what was going on. I think you broke Uncle Jack's taillight and then you hit our like our dog was like dying. You hit it in the stomach and it just pissed everywhere. I remember being Like, I don't remember Being like, dude, I should, I was watching fucking wrestling. Yeah. Haitian. I was watching wrestling. Just gut. I mean I should, he was, he was. Wasn't even like of a conscious age.


That's why I was just kind of like, where'd you going with that bet? It's like fucking Hitler art school. Dude. They wouldn't let me skate. You should just let the man into art school. If you would've let me skate, I wouldn't do this shit. They would have skateboard competitions and not let me skate. You were too young, young dude. You couldn't skate yet. You would've gotten Hurt. You couldn't shred. Could've gotten hurt. Shred. You were too young to shred. Oh would still go hard. No. You were trying to skip the normal process of things. You had to practice wrestling moves for so many years. Then you could Yes. You have to pro. Yeah, you have to do wrestling for several years. I just skate. And Dude, you were, you weren't really, you weren't really a big skateboarder from what I remember. Some guys go straight from wrestling moves to football. I did. Yeah. That's a, that's a good progression. Skaters a fucking deadly thing to put in the mix.


Skaters that can fucking, it's like all Navy seals are skaters or football. It's one of the other, yeah. Yeah. Skaters are football, snow surfer types. Pretty much like West Watson. Skater, surfer snowboarder from there. Go Skater. Surfer. Snowboarder. Why do you have to make fun of me? You, yeah. Why? Said, oh look at your socks. Inferring And. they caught me off guard. Honestly. Inferring that something. I thought you were wearing your ladies socks. Nah, these are just, they just caught me off guard. That's all you know. I didn't mean to make fun of you. I'm sorry. You always do it though. Sorry, I've playing. They're Just low. They're low profile. They're low profile socks you wear. They're good with like loafers and stuff. Yeah. My tee is high right now. Is it for real? I've been playing War Hammer space War Hammer space Marine Two dude.


Reggie's out bro. Don't distract from the war. Hammer discussion. Yeah. I'm sorry, what is that? Is that like some like shit Rocks dude. War Warcraft shit. No, this one's, this one's like gears of war. Oh, gears of Wars are sick. It's like a new gears of war. All around me are familiar faces. That's the greatest commercial for a fucking video game ever. It was so nice. Xbox 360 came out. Oh my god. Do you remember that Matt? No. So this, this isn't like goblins and stuff. This is like No, there are Goblins ones, but I'm not controlling the goblins. I'm controlling one guy. I'm controlling the Space Marine named Titus. And right now we're fighting the tier Ns. We're trying to, we gotta get rid of the tyrants. Did you get the PS five? Don't have a tier. No, I Dude, that would be, you're laughing now.


I would love to leave my reality engaged in like a fucking space battle with aliens right now. It'd be awesome. You can do it. Get a PS five. It just came out. I know dude. I. just graphics I. just know myself. I Will. I think you a fuck with this game dude. I know I would. It's in the future. I fucking I just wore and the humans have resorted to like religion. It's pretty sick. Awesome. That's fuck. That's awesome. Yeah. Did enter a period of just, it's pure war now. We have ju we just have war. I was just talking to this last night with Spade. He, he was talking about 1984, the book. There's a war that's just always going on and no one knows who they are but they're just always happening. Yeah. That's currently rushing the Ukraine. And also there's a fucking screen that you scream at for five minutes every day.


Yes. Debate statute's kinda funny. It's pretty good. Yeah. He kinda of nailed it. Orwell did nail it. He was a good socialist boy though. Was he did not know that. Yeah. Comrade. He did hate communism though. He wrote Animal Farm. Yeah, I heard about that book. Just a good socialist boy. Who was it that didn't know it was about communism Me? Was it you? I don't know. I. just I. just hearing that was like Animal farm's good. I was like, yeah, it's about, so they're like what? They thought It was like C Charlottes Web two point. Like you thought it was just a story about animals. Yeah. That makes sense. If you read that like in high school, you don't know.


I mean I wouldn't have known about like Gave it in high school. They would've absolutely told you this is about Yeah, this is Russian communism. Fair enough. Otherwise The book, that's fair enough. The book's gibberish without that. Yeah. True. I honestly, I didn't know until, 'cause I like skipped that one in high school. I was like, I'm not reading this fucking bullshit. And then I never knew about that. It's an easy dude. It's like 80 pages you could is could crushed that and been like I just nailed it. That's kind of nice. Yeah, I got three under my belt I think all the time. Alion being one of them three total books. Oh yeah. Beast Fucking I. just lose it. I'll start reading it. Same page over and over again. Same line over and over again. Then just start daydreaming. Maybe you'll, maybe you'll break through once you hemi sink.


I know. I'm gonna try. I'm going down to Virginia for six days. Oh, I can't wait. What? By myself. For what? The Monroe Institute. The guy. It's a guy that you how fucking lucid Dream. And I want to, I want to beat sleep paralysis. That's my only thing dude. I get it a lot. Well that makes sense. And then also S Spade was like, dude, You should try this you fucking dream and stuff like that. So I'm gonna go and say if it actually works or not. That would be awesome man. That'll be, they asked Me how I'm getting there. So I'm fucking driving motherfucker to Virginia. Oh, six year. Yeah. Yeah. Hauling I just got my hinges fixed. Where in Virginia? I don't know. I think it's near Maryland to Maryland. Do you think they're gonna fucking telepathically tell you how to get there?


Well the CIA fucking is involved in it's little weirded out by that. Oh, you're CIA boy now? No, no, no. They, that's why You are trying to sabotage us. Why would I try to sabotage you? He's, he's a plant dude. You think I'm fucking 10 right now? No. What's his name? What's that guy Ray from January 6th. Ray Ep. You're Ray PPS right now. Let's storm the capitol. Let's go in the capitol. I'm excited for jail. There's guys in solitary confinement and that dude just didn't go to jail and went on Oprah. Bad. My bad. We're back. We're back. He went on Oprah like I can't believe I'm getting death threats. It's like, dude, how are you not in solitary? They also gave everyone from January 6th reeducation fucking courses. And it's, it tells them that Trump is a threat to democracy.


You have to go through a legitimate reeducation course in order to like continue your rehabilitation. Hmm. Where are, where were they? Where did they store them in women's prison. Sounds Like some girl shit. What? I'm kidding. It's crazy. I to go to a trumpet bad class. Yeah dude. You know the Proud Boys like started in Port Richmond. Yeah, I did hear that actually. That's weird as shit. You never know. I don't, I mean it's not, yeah, it's not that weird. But I, I do. I didn't know when I found out I was like, damn. That was like Makes sense. Have you been to Port Richmond? It's Like it's Yeah. I not dude from Port Richmond kind of checks out. Yeah, it's the Polish capital of Philadelphia.


Yeah. All the Polish. Yeah, it's all Polish Dude. It's all Polish dudes man. The proud people Looking pissed off and Dude Polish white trash is like another, it's like kind of weird looking. Yeah there those dude, there's those boys. You spy those boys and you go What the Fuck. It's like dudes just standing outside And they don't think all day. It's literally You can tell, you can, you can visually see the difference. It's like when you see an African and an African American. Yes. It's like you see a, you see a Pollock and a a white dude. You're like that guy's from somewhere else. Yeah. He's not of this world. I didn't know there was a nice pock name. I like pox. Oh yeah. There's good fucking restaurants and shit up there. Ksa. Pierogis, you name it. Pox rule. You can get some good KSA up there, you know.


I like it. You like co Basa? Yeah. Real. Oh my. My girlfriend's dad gets fucking cheese. Stuffed hot dogs bro. Those are good as fuck. My girlfriend. When's the last time you crushed your dad? Girlfriend's dad get this is podcasting 1 0 1. Yeah. Cheese stuff. Laying down going my girlfriend's dad gets cheese stuffed hot dogs and co and it spicy the coba with hot peanuts in 'em. I can't believe you guys just brush past war Hammer. Fuck. War Hammer. No, we getting two. Where do You get back to that Space? Marines Two. You gonna say that's, I don't know. Is that part of war Hammer Trust. I mean I think you're just pumping it up 'cause you can't stomach against CAAI. NCAA believe It is dead to cops. War hammer's actually the best game. I'm about to, I'm about to download Madden 'cause the birds are all right.


Fuck dude, it's gonna let you down. I watched that shit last weekend. I was like, dude, everyone's we're gonna the Super Bowl fucking hurts. If he just would like care about the team. It's the same thing every year. Don't, don't do it. It's the same fucking thing. Why can't I have stuff that I like? Why JJ Brown the switch a fucking diva. If you would just do it. We win the Super Bowl every fucking year. I hear this shit. Quick question with these cheese filled hot dogs, is there a way you can like squeeze them with a cheese or Yeah. No it's cooked. It is It. is it American white cheese? No. Is it white cheese? Jalapeno cheddar spreads outta the wiener. Canadian Jino. Canadian yellow sperm. When's the last time you crushed a dog? Dude. Baseball game. Couple months ago. Wow. Dude. The Wawa hot dogs that are the big ass one.


Montana game. O'Connor had nine hot dogs before the, that's what I'm talking about. That's what I need to be talking to. Cheese stuff. Hot dogs are good than a mug. They are. They are the best. My family It is a little action. My family got it like once and I spent maybe it's like stuff Crust maybe six years being like, can we get cheese? Cheese. Hot dogs never got it again. It's the same thing as Stuffed Crust. It was one time. Yeah. It is tough Crust. No one has ate stuffed crust more than one time. You get stuff Crust once then you never get it again. If you're eating stuff, stuff Crust every fucking week for pizza night, your fucking mom's on drugs. But if you Yeah, true. But as a young man you get that sweet cheese dog. Oh yeah. You go, can we get the cheese dog but cheese on motherfuckers every time we go to, every time we go to the Giant I go Can we get the cheese filled dogs?


Yeah, they're good. Yeah, sure. Shane, what color, what Was, what was the reasoning for the not getting you the cheese dogs again? I think anything I suggested was completely outta mind. Within 10 seconds. Did you ever slip something into the cart? That was my move. I usually left immediately. What? When I went with my mom grocery shopping or shopping, I would go by myself to like the magazine section. Check out Slant Magazine. I was pumped on Slam Magazine magazine Mag. I remember there illustration ads, posters in them. There's an ad with Spike Lee on the, he was selling Nikes and on the back He was like something about these damn shoes.


I saw the word damn. And I was like, holy fuck. That's how you spell it? Yeah. All this changes everything. I did the same shit with Real world and lesbian. There was on the Real World, there's a girl with a shirt lesbian. That's when I was a Google Image demon. And I fucking saw that. I was like Les Byan. Les Byan ran upstairs. What the Fuck is Les Google. Search Les Byan. I was like Yo. What the Fuck. These things kiss each other. Big boobs was a constant Google search. Nothing big boobs did nothing. Either these big boobs come up anymore. Hell yeah bro. Big boobs to literally nothing. Couldn't even jerk off. I just looked at it. Big boobs. First ever porn site was big. sex.com Big. It was immediate. Pop out Big sex.com.


That's a nice porn name. I know. I fucking, I should buy the domain. Hey, don't Google big boobs. Lemme see it. First thing that comes up, It is a gremlin. Oh man. That's why have they taken the big boobs from us? Because dude, now it's what comes up to you do that. Yeah. Huge tets. Dude. What comes up exactly what you Google search. Martinez Bigs big plans to have the world's largest. I see, I See that. Yeah. That's nuts. Is she rocking? Okay, nevermind. I thought for second. I thought she was a trumpish. There's one of Justin Hugo's many disguises. I was like, wait a second. Yeah. My fucking, all my Google search was just different adjectives and boobs. That's Nice. Yeah. This is bro Bill. This is pretty Do you love them? This stuffed up?


I'm looking at like the world's biggest. Nah, no, no. Dude. I was in like fucking third grade I just knew boobs existed. They would try to get me to look at fucking, I'll tell you what big boobs holds up if you Google it. Oh yeah. Yeah. If you scroll down, Here's That guy. That trash dump you were talking about earlier, Man. Literally that was what we're talking about. It was like a stocky fucking Mexican from like Honduras with just seas. It was wild. I looked at, I was like, dude, why did you do that? Yeah. Freaking me out. I mean, dude, I imagine he's He was like, Dude, just touch your dog's pissed. They pee. Yeah, definitely. Fuck her. You must be watching them. Was it on the fucking on this? Yeah. Fuck yes.


All right. It's a washable plan. Works well. It's not to wash my hands. True. Take a break. You gotta be Kuka Brothers chatted up. I gotta get the fucking cleaner. God damnit. Dang it. Hello everybody. Sorry for the interruption. This is Sean Guardini. I'm in Tempe, Arizona right now. And I just wanted to remind you. Well, first I wanted to thank you if you came to Tempe, Arizona. And secondly, I wanted to remind you that I'll be in Salt Lake City, Utah this weekend at Wise Guys Comedy Club. I'll be in Salt Lake City, Utah, September 13th and 14th. Please come. I'm going there tomorrow. I'll be with our dear friend, Aiden McCluskey, salt Lake City, Utah.


Wise Guys, comedy Club Link for tickets is below. Thank you God. Bless you please come. I'm gonna come. Also. Our dear friend, Matt McCusker will be in Providence, Rhode Island tonight throughout the weekend at the Comedy Connection. Matt McCusker will be at the Comedy Connection in Providence, Rhode Island, September 12th through September 14th. Link for tickets is below. Please go see him. He'll also be in Cleveland October 10th through the 12th. The Wilbur in Boston on October 18th, the Milwaukee Improv on October 24th through the 26th in Capital One Hall, Tysons, Virginia on November 15th and town hall in New York on November 16th.


And I'll be there with him. So go to Matt McCusker dot com for tickets. But go see him in Providence, Rhode Island tonight through Saturday. Matt McCusker, our dear friend. Matt McCusker dot com. Matt McCusker dot com. Matt McCusker dot com. Also go see Shane Gillis everywhere@shanemgillis.com in Canada soon and the Wells Fargo Center, go see our dear friend Shane m Gillis. Shane m gillis.com Linked for tickets is in the description and in the comments. Thank you very much. God Bless you. Now let's get back to the show. All right, everyone tell your deepest secrets. Real shit. That was the fucking sweet shit we did in grade school.


Sleepovers. Yeah. Who do you like was nice. Yo Frill. Who do you like was nice? I told someone I would touch an electric fence if they told me And. they told me. I was like, damn, I didn't think you were gonna tell me Whatever happened. That dude said he was going to eat shit. If SF FSU dies, FSU dies. You know what I mean? Fucking loses. I don't iron knockers. You think you war hammer right now? Yeah. War Hammer. I'm telling you, you guys are gonna You are gonna Matt, you would love it, dude. I gave my fucking X way. I Knew I would love it. Would love It. Who'd you give it to? Mexican? Which one? Nah, some Dude, I think he might've sold, I think he might've sold it for a pair of nachos. I I was doing my kitchen and fucking took everything outta my first horse.


I was like, dude, just give this to your Nino brother. Came him a brand new Xbox. Can't, I mean, if I, if I had that, I am fucking fucked. You had new Call of duty coming too a duty. Yeah. I I I don't do it 'cause I'm just chasing a dragon. There's nothing better on this planet than Call of Duty during Covid. It was the greatest shit ever. Nothing will ever come close to it. It was the most fun fucking remember when we would go in there? Yes. I can get in people's heads so good and call of Duty and fuck with them. It's fucking amazing. Even if I'm losing, I can still make people lose fucking frame. Really? It's, it's a very good fucking, I'm good with shit talking.


I'm not that good at duty. So I'll be like, a fucking You are pretty good. 10 to 50 KD And. they be like, dude, you fucking suck. And then the people will just spazz. They're probably autistic. So Yeah. Not really. Or maybe I'm not that great at getting into people's heads. I got good, I was getting good. You can get dude, when you play it for a long time, you go to sleep. Like going around corners in your fucking head. I couldn't imagine having PTSD like a soldier. I'd play Call of Duty. I'm like, whoa. Fuck. I wake up real quick. They up shooting something. Yeah. Like to do that shit in real life has to body your man. You play duty long enough. Then you walk outside and you check rooftops. Yeah. This guy out there. I could not imagine, imagine That would be absolutely terrible. Going live would be insane. I mean, what else is going on?


Not dame loss, Trump loss. More hammer rules. I was trying to pull, I was trying to pull up a sick ass fucking clip. I I thought you guys would enjoy this, but I, my like, spazz in my thing went on. Hold on. Lemme say I wanted, I wanted to, The new apple shit's fucking weird. Was Pretty smart. It gave you your heal. You. Why don't you eat your, maybe that's a bigger gift. I don't know. But your body is a miraculous thing. Yes. So I would think it's by design. Hey, I'm picking out the toxins that I brought in. Why would now that go back in? And if the case were true, you're, why wouldn't it be longer so we can just drink it out of the hose? That's a great Question.


'cause maybe you shouldn't be drinking your It's meant to go away. Yes. I entertain that philosophy and that reason. Right. That's good reason. However, that reason has been trumped by me enjoying drinking. My you you just enjoy it. Like, I, like I enjoy a beer sometimes on a hot day. I like the energetics Of it. Yes. So you feel different. Correct. Don't you think you're in therapy? It is no joke. The music is so I couldn't hear the music. Yeah. It was too low. We got, all we got was the, my bad. I liked the, I liked the, but that's been trumped by the fact that I liked drinking my own piss. Well, that's good reason. Oh, good, good.


Yes. Flat earth. Dave fucking talks about this a lot. You in therapy and how he like rubs it on his face and there's plasm in it. So like if you piss, you have to let the beginning stream out. That's all the toxins. And then you get the fucking midstream and then at the very end, you let it go back in the toilet. And then you can use that for skincare, drinking it if you want. If you wanna make a nice deal, you want drink, you drink your own piss and rub it all over yourself. Yes. That's what he does. I've, I haven't got into urine therapy. Me and Spade just listened to the whole thing on the guy who was doing dry fast and drinking his own piss. So like 10 day dry fast. He is gonna die very, very soon if you That's he's a beast. He does fucking extended DMT sessions with like John Hopkins.


So he does DMT for like 30 minutes. It's fucking crazy. The intravenous DMT shit. Just a beezer absurd dude. Wait, the dry? Yeah. He's, first of all, if you want to, you wanna see a guy on a dry fast ripping DMT go to the Beezer house. He's been staying with me a lot. I've seen him drink like three sodas, no water. He's a no water man. Yeah. He must have solid piss. He must have, that shit has to come out like fucking slime. Yeah. Where that orange stuff, that neon orange pea, that stuff. You ever see someone who like, is really, really not really taking like, care of themselves at all. It's always like bright orange. You're like, dude, Like Work with guys And.


they bottle. I'd be like, bro. Yeah. Oh God. What the Fuck is that. They're like, what? I'm like, your piss is orange, dude. They're like, yeah. What water? Supposed chug of water right now? Yeah. Chug five. Yeah. I like how those guys got to that point where they're having like a serious sit down. They're like, if you drink your pee, why don't you eat your poop And? he iss like, come on man. That'll be fucking ridiculous, dude. I like, yeah. They've, they've intellectualized themselves all the way back to fucking second grade. Yeah. Like, if you drink pee, why don't you eat poop? Whoa. He's like, well, they're playing. Who wants to be a millionaire? Music behind it? It's like bubu. God would've made our dicks longer so we could drink right out of him like a hose.


And he's like, Yeah, the fucking, I never thought of that. Instagram will make you wanna put down a podcasting microphone for the rest of your life. Do you see the people that rip shorts on there? You're just like, dude, what am I doing? Yeah. It is just what I am. I got some good, I got the Do you see the a SU kids? Yes. They ruled. It's crazy. That's the Best re like, dude, who's the best frat on a SU campus? The a SU kids. It's probably sick guy, but I don't know. They're gonna get, they're gonna get ahold of this. Shout out to those boys. Yeah. Keep it up. Dude. Never The Youngsters too. The youngsters. Every comment sending, there's an even more sending, sending hate from Indiana. Yeah. Like keep it up. Fucking that is, they have some perseverance because they just fucking blow through that.


I see a bad comment like, dude What the Fuck. I was watching it. The kid, the one guy, the the best, the best guest on there is the DJ kid with the spiked hair. Yes. Who's like, he looks like he's in Verve. He was like, I've been seeing it, by the way. I love that. He immediately, he, that's the one clip I saw. He was like, you get so many negative comments. How do you keep, how do you keep going? It's like, bro, you get negative comments too. Don't put it all on. Don't put that on the bro. Then He was like, no, I honestly don't care. I was watching it. I was like, yeah. Right. Yeah. There's no, there's no way 21 years old if everyone was like, dude, you're a fucking loser. Fucking stop doing this. I'd be like, What the Fuck. No. A SU bot rules. There's another one where it's like high school kids. Gardenia always sends me, I forget what it's called though.


I gotta check it out. I What's your movie? That's probably better than us. When's the last time you've been to church? Yeah. They're little pod lings. Dude. They gotta grow. I enjoy it, dude. I I I'm trying to get off the fucking net though, for real. You are, you're pretty online. You might be the most online. I know. I'm fucking literally saying, Hey guys, I need help. All right. I can help. I need some digital Detox. I'm going to the fucking Monroe Center for six days. I'm just gonna put my phone in a fucking drawer. You're gonna be in That little unit. You be on cranking Your hog on your phone. Dude. You're gonna be sitting there. CIA guys You are gonna be watching you Jack off the literally would never.


They're gonna ask. I asked for help and this is, what're gonna ask you. The lights are gonna come on loudly. It's going. And you're gonna be in a room, the bright lights glass window where people are studying you. They go, we're gonna, we're gonna have to ask you to leave. Yeah. You can't. You've been in here for five minutes. Emancipated twice. Please get off Reddit. Send in the probe. No, Reddit gotta probe you. I got kicked off my own. Reddit. What. the Fuck. Dude, we got demoted. Me and Spade. I have no idea. I don't go on the thing anymore. There's a coup. There was some dude fucking took it over. Have it. He can have that shit. So I don't remember shit. Billy like literally has fucking schizophrenia. This is what I've seen from listening to him on a podcast. I've, I've figured out all of his mental disabilities.


Somebody's got a Facebook for me. Are you serious? Yeah. And. they, and then it sucks. Dare you. They literally, yeah, there's like a page for me on Facebook. That's interesting. It's got a lot of followers and every day the guy posts pictures of grilled cheese says I'm making 'em midnight. Yeah. And people are like, shut the fuck up. We get it. Dude, you had one good joke. Shut the fuck. Like, people fucking get like aggressive. My mom texted me about it yesterday. Is it a fan page or is it like the guy pretending to be Is he catfishing? He's catfishing as you dude, I believe. Yeah, that's fucked up. Oh, That's on Facebook too, which is, yeah. I haven't do you? I don't have been back to Facebook for While. Whole fucking shit. Facebook is insane. You watch a curious case in Natalia Graves.


Oh, let's go, let's go. This is why I get paid the big bucks too. I did watch it, bro. Wait, did you just acknowledge Facebook was crazy? Yes. Before you went to the next topic. Yes. Yes. I thought it coincided with it, but yes. That's what I'm saying. Facebook, it reminded me of them on Facebook Pro. It's the best. They were not lying. The spade told me about the whole thing and I still was confused watching it as to who's the bad guy. It makes it pretty clear that fucking maniac dude is the biggest piece of shit. But in the, in the beginning when that fucking chick's, like all the neighbors like, yeah, she pulled the little kid's pants down and tried to touch his dick. I was like, Hold on. So pedophile just a, the thing is about a lady, A Ukrainian woman or attention.


I think we're just gonna have to spoiler this spoil the whole fucking thing. We're gonna have to spoiler. So go watch it. We got a podcast to do here. We got a podcast. We gotta discuss this, Matt. Yeah, it's crazy. It is the craziest document I've seen in It was a Midge Though, right? It Was a Midge It was a, yeah. Little person. She had severe, like her legs were fucked up. Her arms, like everything. Bow-legged as a mug. Yeah. She had like deformed legs dwarf from Ukraine and fingers fucked up the whole nine from Ukraine. This couple drives down to Florida to pick her up at like a strip mall. Okay, that's so great. They get in, they get, they just out. But he was, Who was the plug, who was the broker?


It was a random fucking strip mall in Florida that like, was just hawking a chick. It's crazy. It's just hawk. They're like this. The dude is the biggest bullshitter in the world. And. he, you know, he's the type of liar that, like I, you've, you've seen these types of liars before. I hate these dudes that lie this way. Like He was like, and then the officer came in after me and my wife had a domestic dispute. He said, I know you're entirely right. Boom. Here's my card. Call me whenever you want. Those are his exact words. He walked in within five minutes, he knew exactly who was right in the situation. They grabbed her. His words Exactly. He said, Sarah, I know you're exactly right. Here's my card. They fucking adopt none. That was true. They adopt this chick.


And the guy's like, it was the best day of my life. And then we brought her home and my wife was Ghost White, and she just said, look down. And there was pubic hair. She's six years old. This girl's not six years old. She's 20. So then they got a fucking chick in their fucking house who they're claiming is a grown woman pretending to be a 6-year-old. Oh, wait. Oh. So the wife went down to like, change her and just saw a big old Ukrainian boost, Supposedly, allegedly. So, dude, this is what I'm saying. Definitely did not after. Absolutely did not. After watching the whole thing. That was a crazy lie. It was an insane lie. What, why was it like, just like a landing strip or like What? the Fuck. I don't know. But the fucking, the dude is out of his fucking mind.


And the whole time he's just trying to throw a wifey under the bus because they're fuck. Like, I, I don't know what the fuck's going on there, but they, well, what, I mean, we're jumping around, but, so then, all right, so then after the discovery of the pubic hair, they're like, allegedly, yeah, maybe it's just a freak thing and we're gonna try to welcome her into our home and do all this. But then ale allegedly, the daughter keeps taking out knives and trying to kill all the other family members and is like, she literally walks into their bedroom at night and stands out with a knife. And. he is like, I was terrified. I said, what are you doing? And she just stared at me and I said, you need to go back to bed. It's the plot of the orphan.


Yeah. He just, he just, it's crazy. Instead, by the way, if you saw this kid who ended up actually being that age. Yes. It was literally a fucking 7-year-old girl holding, allegedly holding a knife in his bedroom. A DA disabled 7-year-old girl. 45 pounds if that. Yeah. The, the wife got overtaken to fucking by. Reggie broke into your room. Yeah. The wife got overtaken by her at a farm. And. they said she tried to drag the wife to an electric fence to kill her. It's like, dude, she's literally a bag of fucking sheet rock or a bag of fucking joint compound. If that thing drags you over, like you're lying. But they fucking, they shipped her off into a Well before they ship her off.


They keep saying, tell us that you're a fucking adult. And she's just like, has no idea what's going on. 'cause shes fucking six And. they make her stand with her head on the wall and she cannot move. So I didn't believe that story either. There's pictures and videos. Yeah, there was the video of it for the two minute one. It comes from the guy, the guy's lying about everything. True. The guy was like, this is what I'm saying. It's tired to fucking, the guy was like, I came home from work. I said, how long has Natalia been sitting there? And my wife looked at me and she said, seven hours. She soiled herself. She defecated. And my wife wouldn't let her. She stood against that wall for 12 straight hours. It's like, no, she didn't, dude. Yeah, that was a little bit of a lie. She, she was lying.


They also have an autistic son in it. And they're like, should we talk about the staircase And? He is like, yeah, I mean, I didn't say that, but you know, I'm just guns blazing right now. So they're hot miced upstairs talking about how they booted this midget down the stairs. They get hot, they hot mic themselves that go upstairs and admit that they kicked the child with a disability down the steps. Yeah, they're the biggest sack of shit. They, but they, they hold on. So then in order to, so she, they, child Protective Services is obviously on their ass because other neighbors can see them locking her outside, putting her on the deck. They're locking out, dude. And the whole time you're watching the documentary, you're like, maybe she is 20 and trying to kill the family.


And they're the victims. And then they legally, they go to a court. They go to the court and legally change her age to 22. All right. When she's what, 9, 10, 8 or nine? Yeah. So then now that she's 22, they don't, they can set her out into the world. So they get her an apartment in the hood. Like one of those apartments where you, bro just see like, who the fuck lives here? They leave a disabled 9-year-old girl in an apartment to herself. And then the, how about the video of him coming over and harassing her? Like, where'd you get the donuts? Well, dude, there's, where'd you get the fucking donuts? There's videos from the neighbor. This like 8-year-old midget going up to like this dude's son and fucking playing with him.


And. he is like, dude, like, she smelled like, not like bad, like her vagina. Like you could smell her fucking Yeah. It was just a child who could, number one, couldn't bathe. Yeah. Oh. And would change her own clothes. They literally left the kid there. Oh my God. Dude, it fires me up so much. That's crazy, dude. The guy acts out, the wife fucking beating the kid. And. he, there's multiple cameras in the room. He goes point the camera to the ground, point the camera at the ground. He gets outta the couch and starts wailing on the floor his, and then hurts his as hard as he can and cries And. he is like, ow. What the Fuck. He's nuts. He's nuts, dude. Hold on. So they adopted hold, he adopted. You gotta see, it's, there's, there's a part where he threw the deposition with the court.


He gets all of his wife's like Facebook messages. And one of them is to another random midget that she fucks, she's sexting him. She's sexting a baller of a midget dude. That guy, he is like, they interviewed the, the midget that had cheated on her. He's a beast. And. he is just like, yeah, I fucked her. I've never seen a more chaotic house in my life. There's just everything everywhere. There's nothing is in its place. And there's just random shit everywhere. And. he is just on a fucking electric scooter. It's wild. He is talking about how he is a cha monster too. Loves these bed bedsheets. Fling off, dude. He goes so hard on the box. What? Dude? That's what he said. Midget said the maid.


Yeah. That kind of makes sense. Was he made you with a monster? That dude got the deposition and all that shit and got all of her Facebook messages. And this chick's just banging everyone. He said he was reading shit, just falling on the floor. 'cause like the handyman would come over and she would bang em. He cries the entire second half on the That's crazy. Every interview he's in he's sobbing. Yeah. And. he said, dude, there's, there's, oh, they fucking play their, they read the text messages on the screen and he's like, you know, she would play with my head. So like, she would be like, dude, you gotta fucking drop these charges against me or else I'm not giving you this. And send like a picture of her in lingerie. And then he would simp and be like, all right, I'll drop the charges. It would be like, I need custody of the kids.


Or you will never see this pussy again. And, he, it's the greatest quote in, in the world. And. He's like, done deal. Greatest quote in the world. He is like, not all forms of abuse are physical. Some are from withholding. And I got in trouble because I got a, we being addicted to porn. The dude is the most hateable guy in the world. I've never seen anyone more hateable just grips up Two black lawyers too on some like, black people are cool shit, bro. The lawyers are, they're horrible. The lawyers are horrible. He got two black lawyers, like when you're like 10 or 11 years old and you're just like, oh, that's a black person. They're cool. So he just got two fucking black people. And. he goes there for two years and just chills with the guys and like sits there and like jokes around with him.


And, he, how much do you think those dudes hated him? Oh, they, they were looking at him like, dude, You are the worst. They're bringing this guy in. He's like, these are my best friends in the world. And. he is just guy look place. I feel like myself anymore. He comes in like happy. He's on trial for abusing a child. And. he comes into the thing like, we're fighting for my life fellas. And I got the best guys in the world fighting for me. Look at you. You guys are so awesome. It makes you hate lawyers. 'cause the fucking, the wife has another lawyer. Yeah. And in the case they legally changed her age at 22. So you can't talk about how it's a kid. And this like the, the child doctor was like on a zoom with the other dudes or with the chick's fucking lawyer. And It is like, well it was a kid.


It had like, its growth plates weren't connected or anything. He goes, we will not talk about how this is a child. It, she is 22-year-old adult. And the guy's like, I mean, are you serious? And the fucking lawyer just leaves. No, he, he is like, well I guess we don't care about facts. Yeah. He, excuse me. No, hold on. I'm not you talking, you telling me I don't care about facts. Where are they from? Indiana. Yeah. Somehow too. A couple in Indiana both grips up black lawyers. It's like, there's lawyers dude, and they're Jewish. That's who you need. They're the best at it. They're LeBron James. Either way, they did get LeBron James lawyers. True. They got lawyer put the gloves on and beat the case. They beat the case entirely. They're fine. They're fine. They're totally innocent. Who has the kid? She's fucking 19 now.


She's like 21. According to the court. She's like 58 now. For real. Can you, You can legally change someone's age. Yes. Yeah. It happens supposedly a bunch with like Dominicans and shit that come up. So they'll be like, oh, he's fucking 12. And in reality he's like 18 playing little league just slamming Homers. Yeah. Danny, damn. I might, I might change my age to 16 and trap my wife. You good dude, sick. Send her right to jail. Have Sex with a mine or you're sicko. That might, it might be the most hateable dude in the world. And that his wife is my antione. It's like the mo the chick that is just fucking brutal to be around. Yeah, it's awful.


Yeah. And then you Realize sounds like a clear cut case of like, they stink. They fucking, It's a rollercoaster bro. When you're watching shit, you have no idea. What the Fuck to think, the more the guy talks though, you realize Yeah. You've, you've seen this guy. Yeah. You've seen this movie a million times. You've met this type of liar. Yeah. So the weirdest lies with full confidence. Yeah. Does he have like the intense eye contact? A lot of intense liars will like lock in on your eyes and like, dude, I'm telling you, I'm just Full eye contact making up quotes and be like, hold on. This is exactly what they said. I remember exactly what they said. He got cocked into oblivion. So I mean, he did get broken. The fact that he's still on this earth plane blows my mind. I would've killed myself like seven times if I was this dude Hooked by a midge is almost though.


Kind of like, I mean, obviously Yeah, it's like Your girl cheating on you for and leaving you for a woman or Yeah. Could be worse. Yeah. It'd be Like, I don't know we say that, but cos by a midge is wild. At least I would know. I dodge a bull. 'cause that's a crazy person. Yeah. He was like a real cool Midge that Midge. Holy shit. Like you were With him. He was, his house was insane though. His house was fucked up. But He was like a country singer. Yeah. He was a star. It's kind of a fucking beast. Honestly. He was swagged out. Oh, And. he said his fucking, his pepper is nothing to fucking sneeze at either. I bet. Maybe a Midge but not down there. Yeah. I've, I've literally, I, I mean I've, I've seen their work online, their Midget porn com. I don't think I've ever seen one. There's a few fucking like ly fans, girls that go on all those like LA podcasts.


One's a midget. You. I'm like, damn, getting hot. I've never watched one, never seen midget porn. Never really. I swear I fucking the first time everything Gentlemen, I've glimpsed. It was like something I Was like, I used fucked all the time. The what? I used to be on e fuck.com all the time and Just, yeah. It was one of those things like cherish as shit. I was like, maybe this is something I'm into and I watch it and I was like, you know, and again, it's no disparaging to the community, but I was like, yeah, It is definitely genuinely not for me. Yeah. And there's a dude that like, if you go down that roll, there's also like, like related search. Like extra, extra, extra extra small girl where you're just like, all right, that's, you're just trying to get like child porn and suboxone. Oh, probably turn that off. Oh, all right.


See a Midge. No. A lot of It is dude Midges bagging girls. These are all just short. Oh, here we go. Found it. Freaky midget door. Fuck. Sexy German teen. Tight teeny on public toilet. Yeah, dude. They get like sixth graders to fucking give. Oh, all right. Yeah, it's fucked up. That was a mistake. It's real fucked up. You toss in a toilet in there for no reason also. That's sc it for some reason. The love of God. Don what the fucking brain rod Shit on Instagrams just getting to me. I can't hear it anymore, bro. Those fuckers are, we're down bad. They got the double drunk chocolate cookie. Fucking pisses me off so bad.


That's child abuse, dude. What is it? They fucking have videos of this dude. Like, like other people are filming them doing their Instagram content. And. he is making the kid re-say stuff and like smiling into the camera. Like the dad's a lunatic. The Rizz bro. Not the Grizzler. It's the book. Riz The Grizzler is back in school. He's back to his normal life. The is the only one I fucking give a pass to. That's, that kid is just a kid who got famous on fucking Instagram this summer. And now It is back in fourth grade. So he just chilled with celebrities all fucking summer. And now he's in fourth grade somewhere. It's fucking insane. Who? The Grizzler, the Rizz. Just going back to grade school.


The wrestler. So he No, I, I don't know this guy. So he became like internet famous and now he's just back. Yeah, He's just a little, he is a little chubby boy. Grubbing. Is he the one who's grubbing Costco? Is he separate than them? No, that's fucking, I don't know the name. It's like AJ or something. Shit. Big Justice. Big Justice. Yeah. Big Justice in And his dad, they're in Costco filming themselves eating chicken bakes and fucking double cho chocolate chip cookies. Yeah. They go to Costco. Costco. They go to Costco and eat the same thing over and over again and raid it. Yeah. It's fucking insane. That's Hilarious. And it never stops. It is funny. That's why it's a smash hit, bro. They go to Costco with like ring lights and fucking film themselves eating. It's fucking like, you can see people in the background. It's like, dude What the Fuck iss going on.


Shit's confusing as fuck. It's like the, Sorry, go ahead. What you Saying? I'll shut up and listen. No, it's all right. I gotta get, I'm still following the haw oft stuff. I I've seen She's Doing it. She's a millionaire. She's doing Good. They're really making the push. She seems actually Very nice. I'm sure she is nice. Although it It is, you know, It is one of those things. It's like to act. It does. It sets a weird precedent where it's like, bro, just, if a camera hits you say something kind of slutty and you could become the next millionaire. Yeah. There's a bunch of chicks that just went way overboard. It was like, I'm a dude spit in my ass. He was like, all right, You are just a horse. That's what I'm, so we're gonna continue on that. Got 5,000 likes. Congratulations. Good luck getting job.


Congratulations. That's, I have no, I have no feelings against her. It is, It is just a, it's a very bizarre thing to like gather around, but yeah, It is perfect. This is awesome. Dudes spasm at she like, I can't believe this. I I can, big Justice and his dad are eating fucking chicken bakes and getting paid millions of dollars right now. Yeah, I can believe this makes complete sense. Big Justice is good at fucking baseball though. Do you think he's better than Baby Gronk? Yeah, baby Gronk just started off a new dude. Chill. For real. I don't, I don't need to know this. I want this taken outta my, I saw Baby Gronk highlights. That was good. He's nice. He fucking regulates, bro. That was, that was some good fucking baby. Gronk Pop's good, bro. He's, no, who's the kid that was that OG Pop Warner Star? Yes. What is his name?


I don't know. He looked like Christian McCaffrey. Yes. Fuck. What is his Oh boy kid. That was sick. He was so fucking good. Fuck. I gotta look that up. That's gonna piss me off. What was his, it was like Colt, or not Colt. It was the McGuffey Mix tape and then him pop. Who the fuck was that? This is good podcasting. I mean, it was the greatest, it was the great mixtapes. That's all I did in fucking seventh and eighth grade. Divine. Which is YouTube, Noel Dev, divine Highlights tape. Noel Dev. Divine Hoops Fucking Slam. Or was it two five? Oh, seeing them Play when they were younger? No, it was just when they were in high school, like Noel Dev Divine came, came out in high school, was like, this is the greatest human at anything. Noel Devine. Yeah. And Sam McGuffy. The McGuffy Mix tape was, that's one of my la one of the things I put on our Reddit before was this kid's highlight tape.


Pop Warner. Highlight tape. Cody Paul. Cody Paul Shout Cody Paul. Literally, that's the best Pop Warner highlight tape of all time. Yeah. Here's the good internet. Here's good internet. Yes. We've been getting some shout outs on Street Beefs. Dude. What? Dude? Yeah. How nice is that? It's awesome. Street Beef. You Got a shout out on street beef. Yeah, we've got multiple. Damn. That's sick. Maybe we did too, man. I think you actually might've, I think someone hit me up about that. I think you did. I think I got a shout out on Street Beef as well. Yeah, that was pretty, that's the highest Compliment. I was pretty stoked on that. Just having dude finish punching some guy and be like, guys, Yeah, I, I really wanna extra, I should know a fucking thing about Baby Gronk.


I should read a book or something. This is getting bad. This is what It is, bro. This is where we're at. Yeah. But I, just as a society, I just sitting down war hammering 4,000 bros. I'm war hammering. Then pick up the phone with Baby Gronk highlights. It is just two. It's dude fucking dude back to war. It's like, which one can we make? All the sodas go in order the way they're at, they're at underneath of it. It's fucking absurd. I don't, I don't wanna live anymore. It is taking my will over. I tried to, I I've been trying to improve What went to the gym? No. Yeah. I told you to fucking, fucking go with sauna and cold plunge at the gym, which is nice. And then I, but then you gotta hide your tiny penis in the locker room. Put a towel over it. Yeah, I did, but I'm still, you know.


Wow. Wow. Oh, I know this place. I know what you're talking about now. Yeah, I Remember that. Shane's with the blue blood of Philadelphia. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I'm just trying to go somewhere. You know, everyone post pictures of, of me. You're like, You are like fucking Trump. Dude. You are like eastern block tall women model types like You are You remind me of fucking Trump that way. Thank you, bro. That's sick. Thank you. You're going in, you're going in to lift with the wasps. Thank you, bro. That's nice. Same thing. You and Trump. Same dude. But I do have that Jones also, Jones is the same way. He likes big Eastern block Lemon models. Thank you. Thank you. But I thought we could talk about hiding a penis in the gym locker room. I never do it. You don't?


I don't even let it get to that point. I would've. But there's a sauna in a shower or a cold point. Yeah. Oh, it's in the locker room in the gym. So then it's like, there is a sauna in the locker room. Just wear six fucking Under Armour fucking compression shorts. I mean, there's nothing It is 10 out can do stuff. Or dry your boxers in the sauna and just roll out. Take the boxers off while I'm in the sauna. No, No, no, no, no. I'm saying 'cause if they're On they're gonna be soaked, bro. I'm in the sauna. I'm sweaty. Oh yeah. Fuck. I'm saying they were dry from the cold ball. You're Right. No. Were you pumping iron? Yeah. What'd your hit? Don't worry about what I'm doing. No, I'm just curious. Like buys tries back chest. You name it brother. You did full body. Yeah. I like that.


I wanna work out with you. I love, by the way, I'm crushed. What do you mean? I haven't worked out since I've been in Philly. My, my shit is I'm fucking destroyed from lifting. Yeah. Are you sore? Yes. Oh, that sucks. I lifted the last two days. I'm fucking dead. You got a jerk spot right next to you can go to. Yeah. Your has jerk. Yeah. There is a jerk spot right next to it. He's got a lymph node massage placed next to him. Yeah. I got a lymph node. They released my nodes. Guys, Guys know nothing about the limp system. You are Next. You guys are so ignorant, Seedy little place. You guys are full of fluids. I I pray you guys release them. You've been Yeah, they're gonna release, they release your fluids right next to me. Right next to his house. They're open all 24 hours so you can get your limps.


Has it ever called you 3:00 AM Somebody falls asleep upstairs You go. Yeah. True. I could sleepwalk take heroes. I can head downstairs and get released. That's about Time you get an ambient prescription. Just be like, No, I've never, I've never had my lymph nodes released once. Really? My entire life. Damn. I pray you guys aren't full of fluid, man. It's, man, it can cause so many problems. I For sure. But I'm saying I've never had a massage that ended with a lymph node release. Yeah. Professional massage. I've never had a massage. Where at the end they go, do you want us to release your fluids on you? You are a hooker. Yeah. That's, they're they're definitely not, That's reputation. If you've made it this far, it's best to steer away from 'em.


Yeah. I could see falling into that As a young man you don't know about bro. The fact that they're probably like sex slaves And You find that out and you're like, ah, that's fucking shitty. But I mean, I'm cool. You ever been to, you ever have your nose? Not a, not a full blown wash. I've had old Asian women take a pass at my penis. Really? Yeah. And you were in a wishy-washy then. Huh? Then you were in a It Is a fucking normal place. There's like women in there. Did it say open on the window and a neon sign? No, This was like fucking chicks in there. All sorts of shit. Really? Yes. And a lady went for your penis. A lady went for my penis. She goes Oh, so strong. What? Yeah. She grabbed your guy.


See how you're good? Yes. No, just grazed. It hit me with the graze like three times. I was like, you're good. I'll need to do that. You turn it down. Yeah. I had a fucking girlfriend. Every time I get a massage, I'm the, I'm think it's gonna happen down. It's the only thing I fucking think about. My penis gets smaller. Oh yeah. You get doctor's office day. I get absolute doctor's office. If I go, they're gonna try to jerk me off at the end of this. Holy shit. Yeah. You shrivel God fucking get his doctor penis as possible so I could even if I, even if I'm not saying I'm morally superior for not getting jacked off. Yeah. I literally, you couldn't be nle wanted to. If I wanted to, I'd still be too Tina up. Yeah. That's crazy. I, during a massage, I become ridiculously engorged.


Yeah. I I You have a history though. Yeah, but you have history. You're like a fucking vet going in War. Dude, Shane shaking boat. Wish you were not in a hand in, you were in a hand in stone massage place in the boat. No, it wasn't a hand stone. Where was it? It is an eight. I'm not gonna fucking disclose the information of the fucking Dude. Like, this is a normal spot. Dude told me it was spot going. Oh, I so strong. It's like, bro, you were in the wishy-washy. Dude. I can't, I can't, I don't wanna put my source on spot, but someone told me it's fucking no bullshit. Got a good spot. And then that happened to me. And you call Kamal. Oh, I know who this person was. I don't Think she's liar. You call her a liar and you're here lying. I'm not lying. You're a hypocrite, bro.


This is you on the table. I'm fucking, dude. I'm being honest as like, can this is you on the table. Listen, I just jacked the dog off, Don about that. I I know who the mutual, I know who the mutual link is. And that's just, that doesn't strengthen your case, bro. No, it doesn't at all. But I was fucking like 24. Do I know the Mutual? Yes. Oh no. It, it wasn't my co-host. I didn't guess that. No, it, it was, it was some, he probably has some in the Rolodex. No, probably. Who doesn't? I mean, it's the oldest profession dude. I mean, dude, if you got into whoring, you'd be like little Finger and Game of Thrones. 'cause you get the best ones.


Now imagine, instead of going out on a date, chick just comes to your house, hottest one ever. You bang them and then they leave. And what I want love I. just think it's funny. I know, I understand. Dude. What? I just want love. I hear you. I hear you. You can Pay for that. I, From girlfriend experience, guys. I don't wanna curse. I want love. I think those guys eventually comb the streets. I think they go to like the top of the top and then they're like, dude, I started watching porn. Google Imaging. Big tits. Then you know what? I saw a dude fuck a snake. That's what happens. Those guys get the cream of the crowd. They're like, I kind of wanna fuck. Thankfully the dude fucking the snake hit me in my late twenties. Yeah, dude, I got that when I was like, if you got that when you were 12 a kid. Oh yeah. To Guy fucking the snake is the most graphic.


It's the worst video that's outside of people being murdered. Yeah. That one's scary. I'll watch that. No, I can watch a train fucking kill him before I watch on Snake One. Okay. A train hitting someone. That's not that bad. What murder are we talking? The one that took me off murders. You know what? I can't do audio on the murder. Yeah. No. God. Listening to people scream. Unless it's like the kids, the one that took me off murders was these two brothers in, I think it was in Ukraine, somewhere in Eastern Europe. They would walk around And. they filmed themselves killing people. Oh. With the fucking hammers and shit? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I saw that video. That's an old one in 2009. Yeah. 2010. That set me back. I've never, that was tough. I tried to stay away.


That was real fucking gross. I was at a party and I had to pretend that I wasn't really shooken up by it. Oh, I saw Bud Dwyer sophomore year and said, there you go. Oh man. That's crazy. Bud Dwyer, sophomore year I was like drunk and high and I was watching, I watched all the blood rush out of his mouth and I was like, is this Birdman that's on there right now? It's actually a pretty good song. I like this mix tape. Yeah. You gotta play it off, dude. Yeah. Didn't It's Funny, while you guys, while I was out being a giant pervert, I missed all the murder stuff. I was just a sensuous guy going around trying to be touched. I have never seen That actually is nice. Any of these murder videos, everyone talks about murder videos. Like I haven't seen Did Aren't you on 20? Matt? Matt? First time I ever met you. What'd you do?


I showed you the guy jumping off the roof. That was a suicide. All right. All right. Come on, man. True. Technically, I'm telling you, I'm talking about war footage. I have never, like, I, I'm telling you, I just never hit my thing. IBME Pain Olympics was. I tried and I was like, Nope. Not watching. Thankfully I never got that ripped that 12 years old. I heard about it. I never saw it, bro. It's fucked up. That's rough. I saw the glass bottle in the guy's asshole once. Glass ass. Yeah. That's a tough one. Yeah. That's really tough. Mr. Hand was kind of funny. Two kids in a sandbox until you find out what happened. Yeah. I don't think I saw that. Two kids in a sandbox is a dude screaming while a girl shoving a dildo into his dick hole. Holy fuck dude. It's brutal, dude. Yeah. BME Paint Olympics. They like fla themselves.


Supposedly that's Give themselves like sub incisions. They like cut their Ds in half Body modifications, Bro. It's the, I I I tapped. I made seven seconds in BME and I was like, this is not for me. I'm not, I'm not doing this. I used to sit there smiling, showing all them this like, dude, check this out. It's fucking crazy. No idea what real pain was. It was Terrible. We fed him money, fed the young man porn that was fucking, and like we just incubated a gremlin. Dude, What You feed your little brother porn? We just absolutely incubated a gremlin And. he came back, he's like, look at this. We're like, What the Fuck. Did you get that from Now? He's stuck on now. He's stuck on baby Gronk. Yeah. He's reaps the ultimate level. I've lost as a human. I might as well try again.


Scott King. It'll be nice in my Monroe Road if you're gonna Crazy owning a gun's nuts every time I go upstairs and see my gun on my dresser I just go. Good. Not gun up. Kamala's got a gun. Why the fuck does that Crazy Fucking crazy. Kamala upstairs strapped Kamala and that dude fucking Tim. I know Kamala, Mike Pence or whatever. Yeah. Kamala is Mike Pence. What's all ball's walls? What's her pervert husband's name? Kamala Harris. Yeah. I forget Doug or some shit. Yeah. Is it Doug? Doug the pervert. Yeah. Fucking faking Tourettes. They're strapped as hell, bro. She's all, she's been about that forever. Tim Walls is a freak, bro. I do have one, one political prediction. I think she'll turn down any moderator.


Any like, I think she'll turn down a fox debate if the moderators are not on her side. Really going out on a limb there. I don't think she'll do it. Well, I think it's scheduled Abc. I think it's scheduled for Fox. I thought, I thought Fox was schedule. She'll not. She'll fucking girl boss out and just say, I ain't doing that shit. See your fucking accent in Pittsburgh. Yes. You better thank a union worker that was in Detroit. And then she went to Pittsburgh and was like, you better thank a union worker. Oh yeah. She fucking just coasted three hours earlier. She was in Detroit. You better thank a union worker. It makes complete sense. What she is. She just sounds like an Indian who's trying to do a black voice. And it's exactly right when she hits that like preacher shit. It's like, dude, What. the Fuck is good with you lady.


Yeah. It's awkward. It is when I, when she gets into like, I, I watched her kind of switch a little last night and was like, oh Girl, boss rats over boss. Dude. What? Why are you on the phone? I was looking to see if they had the Fox one scheduled. Do they? I I decided to get off my phone. I decided to unplug. Thank you. My phone's face down if you can't notice. That's why I got the dogs and I got fucking guitar and I'm trying as much as I can to just learn shit. That'll help me. War hammer. War Hammer will not. It'll keep you off your phone. No, it won't. Yeah, it will. Ah, You are gonna be locked in. You're tightest. You need to fight the fucking tear. Ns. Is it story mode? Yes. Campania is there all online?


Yeah. Oh, what were we, is it first person shooter there? Haven't gotten in there yet. First person shooter. What we talking it's like metal. Third person. Here's a war. So you're third person. Really? It's exciting times for me. I love that shit. Things are looking up. I'm still waiting for the video games to get good graphics. Whatcha talking about They're still not there. That fucking, you know what I'm talking about. Madden 99 or 98 had an image that was so sick of like, almost like a video game. Like the Green Bay packer diving into an end zone, catching a ball. And I was like, that's what video games are gonna look like at some point. They're pretty close and they're close, but they haven't got there yet. No. Also remake Blitz the league best video game of all time. Blitz. The league is the best video game of all time.


Yes or no? Blitz is the shit. I'm no, No, no, no. Blitz the league. Just lay in here. Say crazy. I can't remember crazy shit. What you want me to do? It's good. It's Just fun. You blitz the league. I love blitz the league. It's so good. You can give your fucking guys steroids. You played that against the Aztecs. The one guy who's just Tony Gonzalez. Not too, you play against Ron. Ron Mexico. Yeah. Ron Mexico. You can play as Michael Vick. Ron Mexico. Yes. Dude. Blitz the league is the greatest game ever. I don't know why they fucking took it down. Probably the NFL. Yeah. But dude, they weren't the NFL. It was just a football game. I think Blitz League came out when Playmakers Playmakers was sick. Was on EPN. Well that was wild. You remember Playmakers Matt? No. I got, I got it Under Armour skull cap.


So did I. After watching Playmakers and it kept going into my forehead. So I just taking football. I wore a skull cap. Yeah. I I wore it for one game and it just kept going into my fucking brow line. So I was like, I gotta stop this. Like The Ray Lewis. Yes. Yes. I wore black skull cap. Playmakers was wild. 'cause I was just on the hunt for TVMA. If I saw a fucking show come out and it said TVMA in my head it was like tits. So I would just sit there and try to watch Playmakers with like Nickelodeon on return on the remote. Someone came in, hit, hit return real quick. That was a good ass show. I see why you like this canine. It's a good dog. It is a fine canine.


Fucking Stevie's whore ass over there pissing on the couch. You should stay in the cage. Bitch. She's Natalia Grace dude. Stevie's my Natalia Grace dude. You're The bro. You're the dad. I'm Mike Barnett. You're Mike Barnett. Stevie is Natalia Grace. I love how he's on that. He's on head all day. Mike Barnett, when he, the guy who he finally gets exonerated in court. And, he calls his son. He is like this whole thing's behind us. Literally while a documentary crews in front of him. Yeah. And a civil case is is still in the word. This thing's about to get way worse for you. Yeah. He has a son that was like a fucking genius. And now he's just sleeping down his basement in like a chipped paint fucking center block room. Sad. That part's real sad. Yeah, that is very, that's boy a good boy. Feel bad for the barnetts, honestly.


Yeah. That not, not evil evil's not evil though. The bros. I'll only call her evil the bros. I won't say her real name. Where did they get the, the son? Was that like, did they Adopt son? They made 'em, they had three sons. Yeah. And then adopted a daughter and then said the daughter was actually not eight. She was 30. And. they dropped her off. Dude, the other thing that's real weird at the fucking end is like, they slightly allude to the fact that the mom was whoring out. Natalia Grace. Really? I didn't get to the end. Hmm. I fell asleep. Yeah. It's wild. Yeah. How you want this computer backhand and how many pieces they show Fucking Mike Barnett, the midget saying that he, the, the, the mom was trying to whore out Natalia to the Midget and Mike Barnett acts like he didn't know about it and freaks out.


Wild shit. Yeah. It's, it's scary thinking about like, imagine Adopting a midget. Be like, I could have, people will pay to fuck. The guy was evil too though. The guy was just dumb shit. For sure. It's like an evil, an evil woman who's like, you know, they can like, they can easily boss go have sex with a midget boss. Yeah. It's like you have sex With whoever you want. They can really, like, they can slide into just like kind of, they have like no roadblocks of sliding into like, horrible behavior where like a dude has to, like, you can't just go, you can even, you can want to have sex with the mid, but it's like not automatic. Yeah, it's automatic for you have To court. You'd have to court them for a while. Hey, you couldn't do it right away. Yeah. I hate Have to nervously go walk by them 17 times. Then finally go, Hey look dude shirt.


I've never approached someone at the gym. What? No. Ever approach a human like out in public? No. Same here. Oh, I've, I've done that. Yeah. I've Done it one time. Approach. Like a, a lady, a girl. Yeah. Definitely not. Dude. If I approached someone at the gym, I was crying at you telling me a chick with him on the phone. No, I wasn't even, she acted like I was trying to approach her. I was just trying to ask about the dog. It's, she lives right next to me. I go, what's that dog's name? I see it all the time. I'm on the phone right now. All right. Oh God, dude. Yeah. Well see you later. Eh, big gulps. Huh? What was, what was your approach, bill? What, what was the nature of your, like how did it go down? It was My last girlfriend. She was a yoga truck there. I was like, dude, I got a bad back. What's up? True.


That's, that's pretty Sweet. You lucky I left you. I let you, I know you did. I was thinking about the whole time. How many classes did you take before you made the approach? It it was three weeks. Okay. That's Pretty good. I sat there, I went to class three times a week for three weeks. And every time I was like, ah, I feel there just sweaty with a headache. Like, oh. Like I did es restaurant. I did Restaurant Depot parking lot one time. Oh really? It went down. Yeah. Really? You asked a lady for like, her number or something. Get it. Yeah, we had a, we had a brief tri during that period. Damn. I got approached by an Asian woman in a Home Depot parking lot one time. It was crazy. They Won't leave you alone, bro. The massage place.


No, no, no. This was, this was maybe like a year ago. I was just in Home Depot parking lot working on the house. Me and s Spade did. And this lady's like, excuse me. I was like, what's up? I think she was insane and she just, she's like, call me sometime and then gave me your number if you want a blowjob. And then drove away. What? Fucking crazy. Yeah, it was crazy. Never called her. You tore it up. What? You tore the number up. He said What. the Fuck. Yeah. You kept it. I looked at it like it was the ring. I looked like it was the ring could have a blowjob and maybe an STD, but maybe a blowjob. I don't think you get STDs from Blowjobs. I could not match your freak, as they say. Yeah. If you get a messy, you could get herpes very easily from a blowjob.


You, I could. I think that's a tough one, dude. Still, it could happen. I mean, it could, you could get an STD from head, but being single is the worst thing on the planet. I don't know how dudes like do that shit. Like, oh, I fuck chicks all the time. I have sex with one girl. I'm like, I have an s st d that's all fucking chlamydia. I was watching. It is brutal. I, I was watching Jordan Peterson. He had this guy on fucking Matthew, I forget his name, but he was, he did that documentary where, where like, the first one was like, what is a woman? What is his name? Matt Wallace. He's got my racist. What is a woman's? And my racist is coming out. Yeah. Yes. I was watching that, Matt. But then they started talking about like, he's like, yeah, well, like, you know, you're, you're married or Jordan Peterson was like, you're married.


Like, you know what's to stop you from like, cashing in on all your fame. And like, you know, He was like, he wasn't asking him seriously. He just wanted to hear his answer. But the whole time He was like, I don't understand like what even the appeal would be. And it's like, dude, it's not like I, I understand being like, I wouldn't sacrifice my family, but to be like, dude, I don't even see like why people would do that. It's like, Whatcha whatcha talking about? Dude, he's, he's playing life on Easy. Just sits there and argues with tranny and college kids. Like it's the easy shit in the world, dude. Oh wow. You owned a bunch of mentally like, unstable fucking people that are confused as shit. Right now. You're sitting there fucking wrecking them in hd, like, congratulations. No, When I'm, it's not that hard. When Bill Maher did religious with like truckers.


Yeah. He was like, What do you think about the Bible? And? they werere like what? Man, trying get, they're like, This is all we have, bro. Yeah. This Is all I have. Yeah. He's like, so I went into a truck stop church and I said, fuck you. It is same shit. Ben Shapiro does. Like Ben Shapiro will go to like Oxford and fucking destroy kids. Like, dude, congratulations. Shit's not that hard. What? Oxford isn't that like a prestigious English university? They're Still college kids. You're in college kids. They're college and you're going in there with like, they run fully on emotion. Yeah. The college kids even at Oxford. I watch that. Yeah. They like, yeah, Emmy still gets clipped by him. Like he, some of them get him. Dude, I would get destroyed at Oxford if I came in. I was just like, actually this is what I think about the president. They'd be like, dude, shut the fuck up.


Yeah. Obviously, of course bad be as well. Actually, this is the thing. That's why you're wrong. And I'm gonna, he Talks so fast that it's like, you're just like, sure man, you know what you win. I don't like, He's motor mouth like destiny. But dude, the, it was just Funny's King motor mouth. He's the number one motor mouth F I've never, I don't think I've ever seen Destiny. Brutal dude. Oh Dude. Don't, don't do It. What's he, what's he, what side is he on? He's liberal as fuck. Nice. He's a It is a co but he's like a liberal. It says like retard and faggot. You know what I mean? Yeah. One of those. So he's an edge lord. But a liberal wasn't an open relationship with his girlfriend. His girlfriend, his wife or girlfriend left him for a sissy boy that would push you to be It. So doesn't even bother me.


And then immediately fucking all that Israel and Palestine shit happen. And, they went on Israel's side. So I don't know what the Fuck iss going on in that guy's brain. He's just grasping at something to hold onto. I can't figure it out. I'm, I'm ruined. What? All of it. What the like Ukraine and Israel? Yeah. That, I mean, they're, I'm out, they're trying to get you to pick a side. You ever see that me where it's, I don't understand. It's, oh, you don't support Israel, so you must support the Palestine. It's the fucking kid and Star Wars just staring at the girl. It's like, dude, you don't have to support either of 'em. They can both, Whatever. My thing is, like, maybe I'm just minding my own business. It is the beeswax party. Yeah, that's what, that's what we mine over here. It's the hardest part mind about business. Minding your own brother. Leave me alone. Speaking of which, nine 11 It is nine 11 in an unrelated term Today.


Oh Shit, dude. Twitter's crazy right now, man. If you wanna get fucking active, man, you actually forgot. I Literally forgot. You guys can quiet For 10 seconds. Quiet for 10 seconds. Yeah. Can beat my ass. If you want Matt, bill, don't make light of it. Yeah, dude. What's going on with Twitter bill? I'm not playing your sick and twisted game, dude. I'm not either, dude. I like to respect the phony fucking a piece of shit on Twitter. They're all saying Israel did it. That's the whole thing. That's algorithm It is the whole thing. What about building seven? Good question. Yeah, I saw it. I saw, I saw some of that stuff. The other Now Candace, Candace Owens. Dude, that's your girl. She's going can own hard as fuck on what? She's based Queen Rabbi Schmoley.


What's that? Rabbi Schmoley. I don't know what this is fucking disgusting looking dude. Hold on. He's brutal. You need to stick to Baby Gronk, Candace Owens Coco bro. No. Candace Owens and Rabbi Schmoley went on Pierce Morgan and Canice Owens was like, dude, you guys are a synagogue of Satan. You killed mj. The guy's like, what are you talking about? He made the book Kosher Sex. He's a brutal to look at Guy. Wait, is Kosher Sex the one with his daughter? No, he, yeah. He's the dude who has a butt plug shop with his daughter And. he constantly comes at people saying they're Well, these are all freaks. I know. It's hilarious. He's, He's just Jewish, Candace Owens. He is like, you know, he is just a fucking maniac. I don't what It is. Candace Owens. I mean, dude, here's the thing.


Unless she's right about Theron's wife having a penis, She couldn't be right. Schmoley dressed up as that for a Jewish holiday. Who is this? That's Schmoley. It's him having a goof. No, I saw, I saw that. Yeah. He's a fucking freak dude. He's a, He's gotta shave the beard, dude, that thing's like pubes Whatever. He's got a wispy beard. You just, Dude, you just hate kosher sex. That's your fault. I don't hate kosher sex. I Stay outta the Jewish bedroom. Guys still Jewish. I love Jewish sex. That's Says the Candace. I love Jewish love. Love. You got. You are just obsessed with the Jewish bedroom. Wait, I don't even understand the dining. Are they on the they're against each other. Oh, so, so Candace Owens, Candace is Free House.


Watched a few fucking documentaries I've seen before. Bro. She couldn't keep a lid on it. Holy shit. She's going fucking insane. Boy. I think she sent, I think she sent Yay the Floyd Doc and Yay was like, I got a couple docs. You should watch. Oh yeah, doc For Doc. Yay. I think him went Doc for Doc. Yeah. The Candace doc fucked him up. I know. Yeah. The candy stock. Yeah. He was reciting White Lives Matter. Yeah. He went off and hit the White Lives Matter shirt. You called that pretty well when you saw that. Well, because I just watched the Can Doc and I was like, oh, this is, he's he's saying everything from the documentary. Yes. Doc. For Doc. Yeah. Dude, they're It is fucking treacherous Hole to go down with their friends.


Well, Dude, the viral right. It is in a sorry state. They've completely turned on each other. Everyone, everyone's fighting each other, bro. That's, that's what I noticed about Twitter today was the left is winning the meme war, dude. No. Yeah. Every video is a video of Trump talking about eating cats. I know. That's the It's not a meme. It used to be the They can't meme, bro. I know. You wanna hold onto the fact that the right dude, I'm not, dude. I'm un I'm Unaffiliate. Look, look, I'm a Notre Dame fan, dude. I remember the glory days. I need help. I remember the glory days last night. New last night. Trump off NIU. That was NIU Trumps losing the fucking NIU. Yeah. That shouldn't even be a game.


Shouldn't have been a game game. I, but dude, I'm watching it. Like, dude, You should say this. Like, how do you not know? Trump just keeps hitting the border, the borders. Like, dude, we fucking get it. Yeah. Expose her ass. Dude. How old's Trump now? He's holding shit. He's 80, dude. I mean, don't fall to the old sauce of Democrats fell for He might be geed up dude, He is up. He's, he's geez. But he's not still good as he is not Yeah, he's not fully gd. No, he's not Biden for sure, but he's for sure he's been, geez, the last four years He actually, he actually was all geese wise. He was all right. He's getting a little fired up dude. He just got shot in the fucking head. He's not as sharp though. The like talking, he used to just murder people, I guess. Now they've studied his game and they're like kind of crafting questions of fuck.


I think they're just trying to get 'em to chill the fuck out. And also they didn't, they didn't give 'em any of the fucking debate, all the debates. Like, it's weird as shit that they're doing. No crowds. I know It is creepy. Like you're the president of the United States, but you can't do a debate in front of a crowd. That's what you wanna do. They, the one thing I also noticed is how the fuck is homeless people? Not a topic? Why is that? Like they're totally ignored. Obviously we, we, Matthew and I travel quite a bit. Yeah. Every single city in this country. Oh, that's Crazy. You think it's just New York or Philly or whatever? No, it's every single city they're giving the fucking no one cares. The Yeah, true. They're giving the, the Haitians and the Venezuelans three Gs a month and food stamps, and then vets are just getting nothing.


Now you're Trump. That's the facts of life, bro. I hear you. I agree. I agree. It is wild. But that's what's wrong with, what are we doing with the homeless bro? Put 'em somewhere. Can we do that as a topic? Next debate. Can someone go, what are your plans with the homeless people? Put 'em in. Yeah, that's, I do, I do. Like when Trump was like, like, what's your plan? He goes, I have a concept of a plan. Yeah. It's not a full, I'm not president yet. I'll Tell you what, but he goes, I'm not president. That, that was actually a sick answer. Like, dude, if I were president, I have a plan. Like I, I kind of known I wanna do, but like, but also dude, she just takes all his plans. I know anything. He's like, I'm gonna do this. She's like, yeah, this is my plan now I get why. He's like, yeah, I'm not fucking telling you. Yeah. She's taking all my, she's joke. She's mind mania. She is mania.


She also said some dramatic ass shit. Like he doesn't care about you. He like cares about himself and Trump just goes, that was for a sound bite. You don't actually believe that. Then they started talking again. He had some good, he had some good ones. No, he did have some good ones, but they cut his mic so he couldn't hit her with ah, they cut the mics in between so he couldn't hit the, they could never have a, 'cause you'd be in jail ever again. Yeah. It's the greatest clip of all time. I know. That was so funny. Senator Clinton also, today marks the same day that Hillary Clinton came outta that black van and fucking passed out. That secret service had a carrier back in it. Remember that video? Yeah. You know that video? How about Where is she? They don't, they don't like bring her out abuela. I mean, I don't see her at all. Like I know like Obama's come out and they're like, yeah, we love Kamala Harris, but you don't see like Hillary Clinton A boiler.


Clinton's fucking, they know that's bad, bro. They know that's bad optics. Yeah. Meanwhile, they're still touting Dick Cheney. That's wild. That's where I'm confused like, what the fuck's going on? I'm confused. How does a confused person get a resolution? I'm going back to Waterloo. Yeah. They fucking are like, oh yeah. That's confused about sitting over your head with gibberish. That's, I know what you're talking about. What are you talking about? He knows what talking about You Are talking about how Do You Know the Dick Cheney. I don't know the Waterloo reference, but I will say, I will say, I'm Going back where the vampires stay. How do you kill someone when you're already dead? Indian guy on a Toronto fashion. Toronto. This place looks like New York, Manhattan, where're all the bums. Where're all the bums. They're Waterloo. They're Creating bums.


They created the, I think next year we're not gonna be able to have like the Kama, like the like artificially stitched together like media personality that like I think Kamala Harris is, I don't think we'll be able to have them anymore. They're gonna have to have this One's working, bro. I know. It's just, This one's working like crazy. It's good. They're gonna crack it though. It's like it needs this whole infrastructure to support it. If you have guys doing three hour conversations on like, you know, gigantic podcasts, it's gonna start undercutting that Like Us, bro. Exactly. Like we are the fucking, but if it's like, she can do that all she wants, it looks awesome on tv, but then it's like, I don't know. Maybe if it, if she really pulled her up. So You're a racist. Think it'll be saying, dude, I think this might be the last time you can do, I think she might be like the death rattle of like being able to just completely prop a person up artificially.


I, I don't, I would've thought that until I saw how successful this has been. I mean this is just, Yeah, but, but again, like She doesn't do interviews. She doesn't have to do interviews. She literally just shows up, did recited speeches during the debate and you better thank a union worker. I don't, I really don't think, I mean, this will be the end of, if Trump loses, that's the Trump's gone. And now the Republican party's gonna have probably like five or six guys trying to imitate him and the rest of 'em are gonna go back to like MIT Romney. Shit. Neocons. It's, yeah, I don't know if, yeah, maybe should actually, whatcha Gonna do back to the uni party, bro. What's the uni party? It is our only, they're the exact same party.


Yeah, true. It will go back to that Trump dog is kind of the only outlier. Yeah. RFK Vive. Tulsi Gabbard. I don't know dude. Fucking Do. You Know Tulsi got that gray streak from war Spa. Told me that last night. What? It's so hot. How? I don't know. That's all you got. It's probably like, Yeah, like anxiety. Probably anxiety Storm. I do like, I do like the gray streak. I'll be honest. I was trying to, I was trying to focus on the merit and policy, but yes, I'm a fan. Gray Streak. Same here. Gray Creek. Nice dude. Who was I just thinking about, that's hot as shit, dude. Carly Simon's hot as fuck. You ever see her old album covers?


Maybe We have No Secrets by Carly Simon. Look up her old album covers. Dude, she's hot as fuck. Really? Anything for her? Yeah. Do what you mean. Really. You've seen the fuck my, she looks like Mick Jagger bro. No, she doesn't fuck off. Yeah, dude. Whatcha talking About She's exactly like Mick Jagger. You fucking bro, bro. Stop Bro. What do you I don't, I, this is one I don't really, nah, Sure. Topanga from Boyer's World crushes Carly Simon. She Looks like her. I know, but Topanga is No. You are just like nipple. Yeah. Look at those fucking you look Nipples Say No. Carly Simon's obviously hot. Yeah. You fucking hate her, Eh? I mean, yeah, you're painting her as like absolutely power babe.


I'm like, she's she's A power babe. She's not. She's pur Julia Roberts. She's No, Julia Robert. She's Hot. That's what I'm saying. That's a classic Time. Hot. Robs, that's next. Come On man's Julia Roberts as hot as Fuck. Obviously I like 13 going on 30, but she's not fucking hotter, Bro. You're gonna put Prime versus Prime. Julia Roberts versus Carly Otter. Fucking crack bro. Maybe it just, what I'm meant to it, you guys are into, but we can have differences. This are both two big mouth beauties though. Let's make a change. It's time to make a change. These are two large mouth bass. They are. They're And. they got huge Mouths. It's time to make a change. For real. Can't be locking up cheetah. No, That was Yo. I'm with him on that dude. Dude, he handled that poorly.


What? Not 155 dude on, hold on. Not even close to as poorly as those fucking cops. Oh, obviously I'm, I'm not cops. This is Israel and Palestine. Dude. I don't also like cops because of this. No, those cops handled that like shit. Obviously dude cop attitudes are the worst, bro. The happened the white cop, the all, so the Cheetah Tyre kill. Tyre Kill was on his way to the game on Sunday before the game. He got pulled over. I didn't know he was going a hundred and a 55, a hundred and a 55 or like 80. He was going all right. 80 in a 55 is perfectly legal. That's, you know that you do 80 and a 55. I would never, don't lie right now, bro. Dude, 95 is 55.


If he was not going, if he was going a hundred, I, yeah. I forget what It is. He's going 80. That's well, whatever. Either way they pull him over for speeding. Knock on his window. He rolls his window down. This is the only time he handled it wrong. He was like, Yo, don't knock on my fucking window so hard. And then rolled that was after they came and talked to him. And, he kept rolling his window back up and then he rolled his window back up. But it was, I think it was two Cuban cops that were motorcycle boys in Miami that were going fucking crazy cocaine cowboys. They went nuts. Dude locked the, pulled 'em outta the car, held 'em down like that. Those dudes just had, were they like leather boots? Like highway patrol guys? Yeah. Yes they were. Yeah. Those guys apparently are like psychos. They were every black dudes total ever picked on them in grade school. Guy taking out on Tyre Hill Hill.


And then, and then his teammates are stopping by 'cause they're on the way to the stadium. They're right next to the stadium and they're like, get the fuck back in the car. You listen to me. They, they fucking going crazy. Scarface. They, they Scarface out What the Fuck And. they fucking put him in cuffs, cuffed him up the, because He was like, don't knock on my window. Yeah, He was, that's all he said. He was literally, they were like, we're gonna pull you outta the car. He was standing to get outta the car when they yanked him outta the car. Yeah, it was, it was genuinely bad. Damn. It was actually bad. I went into, I'll, I'll be honest, I let my bias take over. Yeah. I went into the, before the body cam going out. I went into it going, I'm sure he was being an asshole. That's what I thought. Yeah. I'm not proud of that. Pretty much being an asshole. I'm not proud of that.


No, he not really. He's fucking Tyre killed dude. I know. It's he the funny, the body cam came out from the white cop who was like, holy shit. Do, You, Know, who that is. And both the Cuban cops were like, what? Who he is? This is not Christiana. Ronaldo re like he dolphin star player And. he is like, oh really? And. he goes back to fucking spasm. Give a fuck bro. Oh yeah. Those cops sucked, bro. Not, not our problem bro. Come on. Fucking racist ass Cuban pigs. Us white cops don't do that. They learned their lesson. Oh, contrary prayer. But no. Yeah, I would, I'll, I'll be honest. I had to admit I was relieved when I saw that was Cuban costume.


That shit, it's everything. I just wait. Yeah. What's this gonna be? Not our problem. Were they like pit bulls complexion or like what were they? No, they were a little darker. They were like Jose Senco types. Jose Ko, you know they were Guy reminded me of Senco. Butenko. Is that not how you say his name? Ko? How do you say his name? It's Conseco. Fuck it. It is Not Ko, Is it Kako? Koko de Mayo is what It is. But damn. So he And, he like frill. Get his ass beat on the side of the road or they were shoving him around. They were rough Of him. Rough dude cry baby plays in the NFL also the, you don't have to be a tough guy.


It was, it was very funny on Twitter where He was like, dude, this we gotta end the police brutality. And this one dude just comments. You literally broke your kids' arm and gave your wife a black eye. To be fair, he is talking about police brutality specifically. True. True. Nothing to have to do with the CT spouses He's just a nasty devil. Dude, that Baby l. Matt. Matt, is this your brother? I can't believe Matt Racist. He's been online. He's been corrupted by what? Matt's A racist. Matt's a red dude. I know that text. Yeah. Impossible. A text that's proven Impossible. Take this whole podcast down, man. Hates black people. You don't What the Fuck. All right, well the podcast end dude. Just having fun.


Just get around, Dude. What the hell? We read a CNN article before each our time. I read a CNN article that said that. What did it say? That's racist. Oh, true. True. There is, yeah. There's a CNN article says you guys are racist. What am I to believe? But you literally lied on me and said you have incriminating tweets or texts. Not yet. Is that a Simon? Right? No way. That's your part?


No. Is that the new record? Holy shit. He sent me that. He said, my boy. Oh, that's his boy. My boy beat my record. Fuck. Holy shit. Simon wrecked and his boys fart. Like how do you fart that long? That's Crazy. How the fuck do you do that? I don't know. I don't know man. You like hold it in for a while. Girls do that.


Maybe. Maybe like v Maybe they're eating like vegan or something. I feel like if you ate like just beans all day, I dunno what they're doing. That's, that's the fact that there's another guy out there who's his friend that also farts like that. It is crazy. It's pretty six squat. I Agree. But you world class barters. You got high pitched ones. Yeah, I can let it out some. Sweet. Yeah. You got a tight ass whistle. Hell Yeah. Yeah he does. Got a tight ass whistle on him. Thank you fellas. No problem. I appreciate it. Mine is like a Tropical jungle. Mine sound Like a dog whistle, honestly. Yeah, right. Dude. Shit barely comes outta my as way. Come on man. Swear to God. They go. Looks like I shit out tapeworms every time. Shit. Bill farts Sounds like it.


Sounds like a yawn. Dude. That is fucked up. You ever seen the porn stars that get anal prolapses? My sweet David Mine? I haven't seen that, but I've seen some ones with miles on 'em around like it's time to get some sort of surgery or something. They like They Have chimp asses. Yeah. Get old Dog. You watch Chimp. Crazy. No, no, it's good. It's good. It's very good. Does the lady get ripped up by a chimp at the end? I haven't got to that point yet. That's what I'm, I'm not hoping that that happens. 'cause I haven't seen it. No, she's inter getting interviewed. Oh, okay. So I guess she's the girl who lived Shane. But Peta hates when you fucking have fun with chimps. Matt, what time did you have to go? I'm good. Oh, I have no I, I'm good till like 5:00 PM This, I Literally have no clue how long this is.


That's what time I'm on for. No, it's three o'clock here. I'm dumb as shit. I do that every time. Idiot. I always think it's four. Oh, you advanced an hour? Yeah, four 30. We started at two 30, dude. 15. Is there a time zone that would be one hour more eastern than the east coast? Yeah. I feel like it jumps to like England, south America always thought it was Brazil, but it's not. It's not. No Brazil's behind us. No it's not. Brazil's an hour behind us. Oh, they're with Texas. Oh, the time zone might be, but geographically they're not. What the latitude? I swear to God. Maybe Iceland, maybe Iceland's like Brazil's Behind us, right? Not geographically. I think they are not geographically. They're way in front of us.


Yeah, they're kind of sticking out. We're like with Chile, we're on the same side as Chile. What? Yeah. Brazil park Out. Oh yeah. My bad. I had the opposite way. I always thought fucking Brazil was under Texas for some reason. I still do. Obviously That's made. That is caked into my brain. That's fucking amazing. Well it I hear you. I it makes sense. Whatcha gonna do well. There's nothing we can do about it. Dude, By the way, big Chicken Bake. Not bragging guys, but have you seen my Strain library? What? the Fuck is all called The cops called Illegal in Texas. Call the cops. What is that stuff? It is my strain library. It's all my weed strains. Oh. Oh shit. And you got cool cases for 'em?


Yeah, I got these cool metal cases. Do You. Know. The Bo bags. Your Star Wars. Josh. Dude. Is that your, is that our paintball picture at the top there? Oh, you know It is, Damn. That's sick. That is sick. You ever get a fucking, did you ever get a glimpse of this thing? Trying find Baby Billy? I seen a picture of Billy and Spud. Oh, there's Baby Billy right here. Grizzled vets. Grizzled vets Rot and Santa dude horrified from what he Saw. That's, no, this is old dude. This is Horrified from what he saw. What year is that? Oh, I was like fucking eight with the American Flag. My dad was like fucking two 80 in that picture. Wait, was that your dad next to you? Yeah. Show the fucking camera better man. I can't see. I can see it. Zoom in. Damn. Your dad was huge.


My dad was unit dude And. he looks like trigger discipline on my finger too. Did he really? No. There's The rooster right there. There's the rooster right there. Got the kill the rooster. Yeah. It was awesome. That was great. That was a great paintball trip. Core memory. It really was. I remember. It's Fucking been awesome. Two, two people got in a big fistfight. It was awesome. All the dads really passed out. Who got a fist? Fist? Huh? Who got in a fist fight? I don't wanna say their names, but there was two people got a fist fight in a hotel room, which was like the craziest venue for a fist fight. What did that's like World star shit. Yeah, I know. It was pretty sick.


Was It? How old were the gentlemen in the fifth foot? Like eighth grade. It was like, oh, Okay. Our friends, yeah, it was like two eighth graders fought in the hotel room. It was pretty Dude, The hotel had a bowling alley. I was mind fucked. I must have bowled seven games. Nice. So we can just keep playing like Yes. Okay. I'm gonna glow ball until I can't fucking see straight. Anyway. You're four Gump with the Dr. Peppers. I love that. You're gonna wait. These are just unlimited games of bowling. My one cousin got fucking kicked outta the hotel. For what? Fucking DC sniper. He was up in the hotel room shooting out the window. Yeah, he brought His own paintball Gun. He brought his own rig. I didn't have one. I wasn't allowed to. That's a psycho, that's crazy. Yeah, he, that would've happened now. That would be on the news. Yeah.


He got a stern talking instead. Just a hotel guy. Like, dude, you gotta like leave the premises. Did He get, he got kicked outta the hotel or you just get Got kicked outta the hotel? Yeah, I think. Oh, that's right. 'cause then at the end of the night. Yeah. Yeah. I remember got Because then He was gone. Yeah, that was the night we woke up. My little cousin, he was asleep and we, we were all just like smoking weed and drinking. We were like, bro, He was like out, passed out from drinking and smoking weed as like, like a little kid. And we were like shaking him. We're like, bro, the building's on fire. We gotta get outta here. And. he just chased us around the hotel lobby. Not the lobby, like the floor. We're only the third floor And. he, we just ran laps around the third floor and eventually he came to And. He was like, What the Fuck. Are we doing? My brother Tom did that to us in Dublin.


Where were you guys for the The Poconos. Same place. Scrim. Oh gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Tom told me and my cousins in Dublin, Ireland that there's a pool in the fucking hotel. And we were walking around the whole thing of bathing suits, asking everyone where's the pool? And. they were just like, there's no pool here. Completely prank. Oh, come back. Canine I just produced one of Tom's podcasts. No biggie. I heard no big deal. I heard it just like I'm doing right now. True. Yes. Look at that. You need a palm dude. Yeah, people sit there. Oh, it's a gay dog. It's like, dude, it's the best. It is a gay dog. It's the best. Reggie. Lay down boy. You are a good lay down boy. A good trainer.


Look At that. What you guys getting up to the rest of the night? What's your Vibe like? I have no plans. Might need some chicken obviously. War Hammer, chicken Bake. I gotta finish this campaign. Yeah. What's the campaign? Wish I'm worry about it right now. The Tear Headss are fucking shit up. I don't know. A million. I think it's 40,000. Whoa. 40,000. I think that's fucking insane. I think that's why it's called War Hammer. 40 or 20. I don't know. What. the Fuck. It's 2040. No, it's 40, 20. It's way in the future, bro. 4,000. Now you 40 thousand's. Crazy War Hammer 40 K. Dude. It's four. Are you serious? Yeah. It's a fucking crazy name for a video game. Think I. just 4,000. I gotta be on my Jocko type shit tomorrow. I gotta wake up at four 30 in the morning.


Why? What for? Early as I'm, I'm taking a super early flight. Where, Where do you keep taking these flights? Providence. I ki I like, well I like getting out early so I can catch a nap before the show. Yeah. You have to nap if you're waking up at four. Yeah. You No, I front load your nap, Bro. I'm telling added To the sleep. Oh yeah. It's tough to, it's tough to sleep with the children. Yeah. You gotta put 'em down. And. they wake up in the middle of the night that way It's, and it's like if I leave when they're still there, like they get spun out. So you're Hitting that 4:30 AM like, I gotta go Jack. You get out as you're getting out. As long as, as long a trip as you can get. Well dude, you have to. Otherwise, if they're like getting ready for school and I'm like rolling out with a suitcase, they're gonna fucking spazz. They're like What the Fuck. Oh, you got to sneak out.


Sneak out before them And I gotta sneak out like actually yeah, I, just write 'em a little letter and I say, you guys be good and listen to your, your old mama up. Then I take the Most pre I'll back in two days. And Spade's going with you. Spade's coming up. Spade's doing Five. Sick. Opening up. You're lying. Yeah. No, damn. I might have a master of ceremonies, like not even host of speak ladies and gentlemen. You know, welcome to the show. Just Have a guy. So dude, you're bro. Glen Lowry's coming too. I'm gonna interview him when I'm out there in Providence. He's coming to the show. Yeah, He's, he works at Brown University. So sick. Yeah, I'm excited. It. is it the Comedy connection? Yeah. That's a fun, that's a fun little venue. Yeah, that's a good, that's a good time in there. Those Providence people. It is Roger for going?


Yeah. Invite Billy. I'll probably, I'll probably, I rolled into him last time. I wanna see him in Spade meet. They, they will. They absolutely most likely will. Unless there's something, it's a Manhattan project. Awesome. I'll be very sick actually. Alright, well I think we're good enough. Yeah, Man. Four 19, what of this? Oh fuck yeah. God damn man. Man, we've been 32, 33. 33 30. Alright. Good math. 2 33 33 30. Not two hours. I mean, dude, it's good. It's your product. It's good stuff. It's your product. All right. Thank you. Hell yeah. Love you guys. Goodbye. See you later.