(0s):
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wes, dude. Oh fuck. Oh, can we start over? My voice cracked dude. Leave it in. Hey. Hey guys. Hey guys. Thank You guys. Thanks for coming, man. Thanks for having me. Thank You for coming. I, yeah, I did wear a tank top. I wasn't, you know, it's not like a thing. I'm just trying to, I Had a mo on us. I'm not magging at all. I really, I'm, I'm humbly asking for notes from the viewership. Like You do nothing To The you guys. Anything you guys I need to work on? Just let me know. You know, Arnold used to wear belly shirts when he was bulking, just to give himself the motivation. Is That like, it cuts off like right here? Yeah. Oh, that's kinda nice. Yeah. I think laid Back, jacked is such a statement that it's, I'm not even Jack.

(40s):
It's almost overpowering how nonchalant you're trying to be about it. Nah, Humble. Jack, I saw you at the pool two weeks ago. Your back is out of control. Are you serious? You've got a huge muscular back. Everybody noticed that You turned around. People I was with said, oh, Carrying it's from, carrying this goddamn podcast. I don't even think they knew about comedy. People were going, you know, a guy with a big back. You serious? I never, I never got to check my back. Is it going like co like cobra style or like No one Ponta. I've seen earlier pictures of you. No one accidentally gets a huge, Like, Manter Ray. You like a Manter ray Back there? Dude, I swear to God it's just Maa. My stack is just Maa and Sheila Jett.

(1m 20s):
Yo. I just, I just got on the Jeep today. Did you really? The first time? It's gross. It tastes nasty. It tastes Horrible. It's like, it's like a, it's like scary how bad it is. Well, I was sniff. I got it also from like a sketchy, like, like online web store. And So I was like, I don't even know. It's just like a black, like tar in a, I don't even know what it is. I'm like, it smells like to it up glass. I'm like, lemme just put it s like, I guess I put it in water and just drink it. But it was really nasty. It's gross. You gotta kind of put it in coffee, I feel like. Okay. Yeah. It said to put it in milk. People put it in milk. I was like, that sounds like a weird you. Yeah, I've tried to put it right under my tongue and it's just like, Yeah, me and the guys at the gym, we just go Rock. And you, You've load maxed for a while. Oh. Is that why you're doing it for load maxing?

(2m 1s):
I'm, I'm just going, just kind of male enhancement all around. Yeah. I'm going. Did you say Big Com supplement? Yeah. Zinc Gon Zinc is a big, yeah. L Arginine. Arginine. And I'm doing two more that I forget the name of. Are you still lm? I haven't since I started the Move, but yeah, I was doing it for about a month or two. I don't Understand. Whoa. Yeah. What's, what's like the ideal amount of time to like Load Max before it's like, now I'm gonna let the load out. Like, you know, it's, I'd say you're probably not gonna see any results until like, like probably a week or two in. Okay. Like the first day you take it, it's like, who gives a fuck? And then like two weeks in you're just like, I can never go back. And then you fall off one day And you go, I'll get back to it. And then you never take it again. And then all the supplements expire in your cabinet.

(2m 41s):
But you did get that one time. That's my experience with Low. You Did get that one time. Yeah. You ki It kind of like, I don't know. It's not sustainable. You're not gonna be impressed by your load. 'cause then you're just like, well now I need to go bigger. S the bar. I raise the bar for your list. It's the secret to load chasing a large amount of ejaculate, not just to wait a couple of days. If you just wait a couple of days. Don't you have a long, Who has time? But if You do both of those things in conjunction, What you just every day a huge ion. Not, not every day. You, you save it for like this. I, this is what I do now. I just go, like, I've started telling my wife, I've, I've talked about this before, but it's like I have completely lifted my off my, like sexual offense has I've, I've retired it completely.

(3m 23s):
My Wife playing defensive game now. No, I just, I'm, I tell her, I like, look, I'm just here. I'm not gonna pressure you about it. I was like, I'm trying to retain. If you need to break the glass, you go right ahead. But try not to do it more than once a week. And now, Is this having the reverse psychological effect that you are hoping, hoping it does for sure. Or are you just withering away? No, dude, I'm just retaining seed and just getting, That's what's up. That's what's up. I'm, I'm, I'm full. The full year. Are you? Oh, not, not a full year, but since I haven't, I haven't jade off since 2024 because I, I love to tell people like, oh, you jerk off. That's so 20, 24. So you're, You've been off the nog since Yeah. 2024. Yeah. I've been off the nog off.

(4m 3s):
No porn. No Jane off. No PMO. What's PMO Porn Masturbation Orgasm. Definitely been off of that. Come on. I wanna say the amount that I think about It, PMO cycle. I thought it was pissed me off. My daughter's been saying PMO all the time. That's what she means. I hope not. She keeps saying T-S-P-M-O and now, now I'm s PMO means does shit piss me off? Oh, it's probably shit. Piss me off. I thought transsexual, transsexual T Should be transsexual, Transsexual, pornography, masturbation, guys, you might wanna dig it. I went wrong somewhere maybe six years ago. No, we'll be okay. But yeah, I'm so far past it. I don't even, I mean, I, I think about it.

(4m 44s):
But You ever feel the urge you ever get, feel the, the pole Just constantly? Well, it's really mainly like, it is kind of nice 'cause I feel the urge only when I'm in my apartment not doing anything. 'cause it's literally just an indication that I should go out and do something. Yes. But only when I'm like, yeah, when I'm just like, wallowing away. Have lost hog. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, the hotel rooms on the road are a very scarier. I just download, I just download a dating app and just swipe to see like, is someone sexually interested in me at all? And like, it's, yeah, it's crazy. I'm just like basically gooning on Tinder, just like, oh, who wants to fuck me? Well, that's what I was gonna ask. What if you, if you're completely resisting the urge, what are, what are your social media algorithms looking like? So I have been, I will say I'm the type of guy that I have been slowly, like unfollowing, like any kind of like hot girl account.

(5m 26s):
And then if anyone even posts anything that has like, go ahead. Sorry. Like a girl, like a bikini or anything. I'm just like, I don't need to see this filth on my, on my timeline. Sure. I just unfollow it. So it's, it's a lot more, it's basically my, my algorithm is all just like, just like anime videos. Like Catholic bullshit basically. I Was, I was following no fly honeys in the algorithm found me out. Yeah. They try, they turn your bus and stuff. They send salvos into your timeline all the time. But I found you can reset it. You can fully Default. What's what's no fly honey. What is, what is that? Hmm. I wasn't following any fly honeys on my Instagrams. I think my babes are gonna get off the ground. I'm like, that's what, sick. So you have no flat Babes? No. But then the algorithm still goes, you've lingered on this. You like, obviously you like this and then it increases.

(6m 7s):
Yeah. But I found you can, you can do a hard reset on it where you go. Yeah. Just take me back to day one of the algorithm before you knew anything about Me. Yeah. So you're throwing the baby out the Bathwater. Then I was getting women making sourdough with huge breasts. Yeah. And wow, That's crazy. We were just watching that on panties in the mouth. Yeah. I mean it's yeah, that there was like porn warmup girls. I'm always kind of like sketched out. Like, is is it like, did they stop? Is that like a woman dipping her toe and like sexual entertainment? Like Oh, all My Instagram and Stuff. Yeah. The one ones who aren't doing like porn fans. Yes, digital fluffers. But sometimes, sometimes They're part of the ecosystem of the flesh. I feel like they make like soft, big Ecosystem. Yeah. Yes.

(6m 47s):
I think they, yeah, they try and butter you up. They're try and calm you down. Try and go, this is All right. Well that gets you going. They know they're trying to, I believe that on the XI had to get off the X 'cause then that's all porn. It was, it was all porn. But then I would find that at other times when I was, I think they geotag it as well. I noticed the algorithm was different when I was out and about in public. I was getting different things recommended to when I was alone. People in a room? Yes. What do you mean you're just walking down the street like fuck change shit. No, That's So I, So I was like, there's nothing erotic here. Really? This is nice. Whoa. And then I was alone in a room and it was very erotic. And I, they know where I am. And they, you Just be in a room getting horny too though, to be fair.

(7m 27s):
You could be right. You could be right. But that could be, I, I know that that could that 'cause I get in a hotel room and I'm like, I look like Britney Spears from like an early music video. I'm just laying on the bed like, ah, I'm just gyrating my hips on the bed. I've, I'm bound in James feel emotions. Like the algorithm's crazy right now. I did, I've bought a new phone though. I've, I'm trying again with a dumb phone. Oh Really? I've got the minimalist phone. It's a normal chrome phone. It looks like a flip. No, this, it just has a e-reader Kindle screen so you can do everything on it. But it looks terrible. Ah, I see. It's black And white. I'm gonna text you 8 0 0 8 5. That's not bad. You're going for the kind of like, somewhat dumb phone, but it'll, it'll give you maps and stuff though.

(8m 12s):
Maps, Uber, Spotify. Ah, That's all You need. And then I think I'm safe. And then I think I can just leave a normal life in The world. See one set of grayscale tits and it's gonna change everything. Now you're gonna be like, I'm gonna get a fucking, But I'll be chasing that in real life device. I'll start wearing weird glasses in the bedroom. Start getting at your sketchiest shit from Vietnam. You have an artist down there. You get a plug down there. Hello. Now's my egg rolls, right? Oh, Egg rolls. Hell yeah. Thank You. Time out. Paul's the podcast. We got. Finally got your egg rolls. No, No. I can wait. I can hold off. I can delay gratification. Dude, are you serious? If you can go without ejaculating in almost a year, then I can You have, you're soft mode basically. What's what's soft mode? Soft mode is when a, a woman can get it outta you.

(8m 52s):
Oh No. So I'm, I'm trying to do, I'm hard mode. I mean I'm the hard all the time mode basically. But I You're celibate. Yeah, I'm trying to be, 'cause I'm trying to be like a good, like cat. Good Catholic man. Avoid, Yeah. Desert. I would say desert. Catholic Desert. Yeah. I'm like a desert. Yeah. Desert father right now. Just fucking, yeah. Just, just in my exodus. Just roaming around the desert getting lost. But you Getting jacked as well. What? You, you've fucked. Oh yeah. Yeah. I thought you meant I was getting like, no, I'm not. I'm, I'm getting, I've been not. You Gotta get jacked one way or the other, Dude. Well, that's the thing. I've been trying my, that My back is just full of fucking gum Is nuts. What's your secret? I was like, well, you gotta you gotta not jerk off for six months that you start there.

(9m 33s):
You're never gonna believe it.

(9m 35s):
Guys, this episode of Matt and Shane's secret podcast is brought to you by dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, it's time to show your B hole some respect and upgrade to dude wipes. Why? Because dude wipes are wet and extra moisture cleans away that dry That never what? Dry. Never could they leave no room for dingleberries and stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Plus they're extra large and designed for adults. Dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss and flushable design makes it clean up a breeze. No more endless rolls or settling for less than perfect wipes. Think about the last time you really could have used dude wipes. They're good for cleaning up. Come dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and major retailers nationwide.

(10m 31s):
But yeah, man, I wouldn't, I wouldn't suggest it to everybody, but it's been, it's been good. I What Do you, what do you do if you're walking down the street And you see like an attractive woman? I just fall in love immediately. I mean, outta My chest and my tongue on rolls. And God forbid I'm wearing glasses. 'cause those eyeballs shoot, Shoot through and breakthrough. I've, I've read you. You're supposed to from Desert Catholic training, you're supposed to just see them and as soon as you feel your like body chemistry change, you just wish 'em the best you go. I just really hope she doesn't S like salient Hail Mary my brain. It's like, can't think of her like that. The two, I think there's two monks walking along and the old monk and the young monk and they see a beautiful woman and the young monk shields his eyes and looks away.

(11m 15s):
And the old monk is able to look at her and the young monk's like, oh, you're a, are you a pervert? You're able to look at a woman and the old monk's like, I'm so ordered. I'm able to look at a woman and just move on with my dad. I don't have to hate myself. I don't have to hate God's beautiful creation. And that woman's huge, lovely breast. And well that was Gandhi's mood. That's what I do when I see women. Like I'm so ordered. I don't even think you're hot. Gandhi was sleeping in a bed with girls Sleeping in bed with young concubines, I guess. 'cause he could avoid the temptation. He never even tried. Weren't they his like nieces. Yeah. You know, you had to take what you get what you got. Small village. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I mean, I heard Gandhi did that. Yeah. He would lay in bed and Not do anything. Oh, Just Cuddle Puddle. Cuddle Puddle.

(11m 56s):
Yeah. He probably went arms at his sides completely rigid. Just like, I'm not even, I don't even feel anything about this. I don't feel your flesh on me. People Going, gani, we need you to write legislation for the country. You've got a job to do. No, I'm have to be in the bed with the need To starving. Starving in a Cuddle puddle. I mean, zooming out, you know, he didn't know people would know about that. He was just, it was just right. I think he heard about it. How old was he when he did that? That's the question. He was older, right? Well, when he was younger, I think his FI might get this wrong. I think his father died and he was having sex with his wife at the time. He like, he was meant to be in there with his dad, but he said, oh, I might have sex with my wife and then go and visit dad. But first sex with the wife and then he died.

(12m 37s):
And he felt so ashamed. Ooh. That he stopped. Oh, his father died. And he, yeah, Like it was some something like he could've seen his father one more time if only he hadn't laying With His wife with That was why I never jacked on holidays as a child. 'cause I thought my grandparents were going to die on a holiday on like Thanksgiving or something. And it would be like, oh man, I I God was busy watching me jack off instead of saving my grandmother's life for Thanksgiving dinner. That's True. So I avoid That. I avoided it every single time. And you think even eventually I broke and it was just every day for the rest of my life. Yeah. I used to, I used to torture myself over the Easter beat. That was the one that like really I would do, I'd be like, come on dude.

(13m 17s):
Don't do it. Yeah. And it would just, I'd be on autopilot with the Kohl's catalog bra section. Like, forgive me father. You know? It's also rough. 'cause then you actually have to go to like mass and be like, I Just, I was postmas. Oh man. I used, I used to get torqued at Eastern Mass, like wildly. So it was crazy. See everybody in their Sunday's best You were like beautiful. Oh my god, I'm so horn. Summer Graces. Yeah. Spring has sprung. Yeah. Dry Hairstyles. You know, the girls are trying out new, new looks that you don't, not really getting in, Dude. I mean, genetically, I was a pagan. I was just the goddess. Frayer dude was just You. Really? I It's Oster for you. You're having the full pagan fertility Festival. What's Oster? Oster was the, or was the Oh yeah.

(13m 57s):
Won't say original, but that's the, that's like, that's all that when never Dan Brown's. Like, and did you know that Easter was actually a sex festival? Hmm. It was called Aster and the Viking. I don't That, I don't like that all. I don't believe that dude. Neither. The Aphrodite shit's crazy. The temple of Aphrodite. I Dunno anything about the temple of Aphrodite. It was fuck when it was like around the time when Paul was riding around being like, trying to get everyone to become Christians. Oh, He sending his letters? Yeah. When he sent all his, his epistles and, and they were like, he's like, come to a church with us. And they had, there was one place to forget where it was, but they were like, we have a temple that just sells meat. And then there's just, it was like literally OnlyFans in real life. Yeah.

(14m 37s):
It would be a temple of maidens. This is a big, big thing in the ancient world was the priestess whore. Yes. That's, Yeah. Because I know in Gilgamesh they, there's the, ah, this might not be exciting. No, I'd like to hear it. I'm all ears. Gilgamesh is too powerful. The Gods want to crush him. So they sent for him a, I think his name is Du or something, but he's a big hairy guy who's crazy. And and he's, the whole town is ruined by this hairy man who's meant to get in Gilgamesh way. It's too powerful. It's a very strange introduction. The story. Yeah. But then the townspeople get together and they go take him to the Priestess Hooker. Yeah. The slight place. And he'll have sex with her and then he'll be civilized. 'cause he'll be ashamed from having Oh, the the hairy guy will be, yes.

(15m 18s):
Oh, he Loses his and then he comes and then immediately he goes, ah, what have I been doing? I gotta get my life together. And that's the start of, he lost his strength. Epic of Gilgamesh. He lost his strength. But that They would, the strip club and the temple were one. Yeah. Which also at a strip club, that is the vibe of the men at a woman's strip club. Everyone's hooting and hollering and they're going woo. And they're trying to bite people. And at a men's strip club, usually just very sad, lonely guys sitting there alone staring into The temple of the flesh. Oblivion. Yes. True. Yeah, true. That's true. And it's a lot more ent I would say. Except, yeah. But then you get like, when you're throwing money at them, I guess, I don't Know. Different races, different strip clubs I would say would be a, You never, you never tossed bills.

(16m 1s):
Oh no. In Australia we not. That's A regular Really That's radio strip club's. That's America. I mean, you, I'm, you know, sorry, We don't have dollar bills. Might be a big difference. Throwing a big five is what, how long am I gonna be here for? That sounds like it. I've got a college tuition to prepare for. Yeah. He thoroughly throw money. My, I saw someone throw a quarter at a stripper's. Butthole one time. That was, you get coins are like, no go. Okay. Yeah. You get in trouble for that. I, I had a dark time back when I was like a wee lead. I used to, I did the, the fold on the, on the hip and they cla their ass cheek. Fucking you Laid a little mousetrap. The Mouse dude. The whole time the DJ was like, yo, give it up for Bieber.

(16m 46s):
Hold On. So you would put it on your face Full. I'd get a lipsticks. Three Xs lipsticks. And You would just try to catch, you would try to catch the nail. They Would catch it with their ass. Whoa. I just got fucking pink eye or something. What that sound Like you were playing like claw game. Yeah, but they're very accurate claw game. Whoa. Yeah. And the prize was pink. Did you ever go To Thailand? No.

(17m 10s):
This episode is brought to you by Chime. You know, when it comes to your financial future, just the smallest step forward can make a big difference. Like when I stopped spending all my spare cash on stupid pointless jokey thing. But seriously, here's a good tip. Open a chime checking account and you're one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees. Fee free. Overdraft up to $200. Or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Making progress has never been easier. That's nice. That's really good. And if you ever want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees or interest. That's good. Make progress towards a better financial future. With Chime. Open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Matt and Shane. That's chime.com/ Matt and Shane. Chime Feels like progress. Feels like progress. Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank banking services and debit card provided by the bank or bank. NA or Stride Bank. NA members. FDIC spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs, bank ranking and number of ATMs according to US News and World report 2023. Chime checking account required

(18m 22s):
Or to Japan? Or to Japan only. I'll never make it to Thailand. There's nothing technical. Why are you trying to go to? No, just I always wonder about the, you know, people have and the whole bird came out of there. You know, at the Ty sex, you know the ty, they have the weird sex show. Maybe this is just the thing we know about in Australia 'cause that's where everybody goes. But in Thailand, that's where, that's the spot lady shooting ping pong balls and having live creatures come out. I haven't been to one of those, you know about that stuff in like Amsterdam. What's the other thing about Thailand that people want to go for? 'cause that seems to be it. Ah, The monarchy, The beautiful Monarchy that we love so much. Great rock and roll music of the late sixties early Seventies. Which Australia? Yeah. You guys are close to Thailand. So that's where you guys go. It's where a Lot of our more deje, sometimes they'll often in Australia, there's a man who loves going to Thailand.

(19m 6s):
Huh? Cause you guys do years and stuff and stuff. Yeah. But you'll know a guy at the office always. You'll be working somewhere and there's a guy who just fucking goes to Thailand twice a year. And is everybody's suspicious A of him or s like, I'm going back to Thailand. There're comedians who are like, I can't wait to get back. I'm, I start, I do my podcast in Thailand all the Time. It's fr it's frowned upon in America. If you know anyone who goes to Thailand, it's kind of like if, if you're rarely, that's Bad. If you're not, Yeah. If you are Thai, fine, you're allowed to go back to Thailand. If you are white Going to Thailand, you gotta get over there so people can fuck you. Once Every four years is the absolute maximum. I think four years. Yeah, you're right. Once been, I go there at all one trip. Full stop. I, I'll never, I'll never go there. Yeah. I can compensate. I'm never gonna go to Thailand. Never there. Or Dubai.

(19m 46s):
My wife's trying to go to Dubai and I was like, Brittany, I'll never, that's insane. Ever go to fucking Dubai in my life. Just hang up some Sheik. I just have no interest. I'm like, it's like Atlantic City run by Muslims. And then it's like I'm going, I'll get arrested if I have a vape pen in my, It's the Atlantic City. 15 years in the future. Yeah. Well it's also like I'm then if I have a vape cartridge in my bag, I'll go to jail for seven years. It's like, yeah bro. No fucking thanks. I mean, you think Brittany will observe enough, enough decorum so that she doesn't end up in like an underground prison? She'll be like that lady. Do you remember that one Muslim lady in a hundred Lady in thousand dollars to Fix this country? Wait, what happened?

(20m 26s):
What happened? Some black lady tried to take over Pakistan for a hundred thousand. Not, You didn't see a video. She Tried to take it, Dude. Incredible. They were just a black lady in Pakistan. She Got catfished all the way to Pakistan. Yes. And then showed up and did like a press conference that made like national news. And she said, I need the government to gimme a hundred thousand dollars. The roads aren't paved. I don't know if I've seen a bathroom since I got here. I'm gonna fix this. Y'all need to gimme the money. And I think she disappeared for a while after That. I haven't seen or heard from her yet. They just like stone here. It Was a failed campaign. They didn't Wanna solve the Problem. Someone must have got, I think Beyonce went over there and rescued her. They sent The Brittany Griner defense force extractor.

(21m 9s):
I did see in the clip, the Pakistani dudes were kind of laughing. I I didn't know if they'd be like spasming. You could see 'em in there. Were like, They thought she was playing. True. True. Wait, did she want the money to fix the country for them? Or as Yes. Give it to me. I'll make it happen. I, yeah, I think she wanted money too. I think she was wanted it for herself too. I'll pay myself out, but then I'll pave all the roads and I don't know. And then I'll have 80,000 information Hus. She needed like three grand a week. I think she wanted, she was like, I want three grand a week. And then maybe, I think it was like, All right, gimme fucking lump on fund. I Can fix Pakistan for three grand a week. I think Also, can anyone just like have a press conference? It's like just, I need to call a press conference In Pakistan.

(21m 50s):
Oh. I mean it was just a, they had a black lady wildling out. They, I don't think they've ever had a black lady wildling out in Pakistan. We gonna put her on the news. This is crazy. It's crazy. It's just insane. I mean, you know what the divorce rate is in Pakistan? No. It's like zero one or 0% respect. That's at least my Uber driver told me that They probably can't. I think that's not true. I swear to God dude. Isn't It it? 'cause in Islam it's usually very easy to get a divorce. Yeah, they do like one hour divorce and then you go back. You know, I thought, are they gonna able to have multiple? Is that another thing that they do? You Can you go, you gotta afford, you gotta prove you're can afford them. Oh yeah. And you are allowed, allowed to have a threesome. I found out what the wives are not allowed to be in a bedroom together. And they get you on different days. So if you have two wives, you get to pick a four day a week wife and a three day a week wife.

(22m 32s):
Really? And it's a split Marriage. But you can't mix wives. No, The wives don't get to get up to any time. Sister. Four wi situation. They're both married to you, but they're not married to each other. I did a lot of reading about this when I was thinking about Islam really as a VIIA. And then I saw that and I thought, ah, this is three to seven. Not as fun as it sounds. Point three to 0.7, that's very percent divorce rate's. Very, Yeah bro, it's admirable. What's the rate of killing your wife? I don't think, I don't think, think you can have Accurate. Well it probably matches the divorce rate in us. 53% Probably don't have accurate numbers for that 'cause of the way They are. Yeah. Don't you? I told you man. Yeah. What are the rates of freak wife accidents Now in, if I was in Pakistan, say I had three wives.

(23m 15s):
Could I have one wife where all we did is I brought her around, had a bag of toys, and then I got to have like, my friends have sex with her. That's what apparently Kanye West was doing, I think. I think that's her. It's called a freak bag. It's a freak bag. You bring a freak bag for your wife. There's a term for it. It's called, oh God, what's the name? It's like, it's, it's like an elevated cocking where it's like you're way more proactive. Fuck. What's, I gotta find the term for that. Well You're like, you're pimping your wife Out, sort of. No, there's No money. There's no money. Oh, This is all You're a pro bono. It's all play. It's all play. But you bring a freak bag, you show up And you bring a freak bag.

(23m 56s):
Let me see if I can find the VIIA, the Pop Wiping that. Not hot wiping. It's a whole, Let's throw it. Everything. Hold on, I'll give this turn. I think Kanye's journey along the road to Christianity has taken a couple of, He took a couple of Detour of big left turns. Yeah, He did. Yeah. I'll find this. Those Are God's favorite. The prodigal. The prodigal. He's gotta come back, you know. Fuck what greater proof than someone on a journey like that freak bag. Yeah. It's called like a Here we go. Here we go. Stag vixen. Whoa. It's called a stag vixen. Just 'cause it has a cool name. Doesn't make it right. Yeah, it's, it's a, it's a cool name. That's, yeah, it's called a hoe bag. That's what you bring up. You Bring up a hoe bag full of toys And you go to a party And you, you just kind of like, and it's just, I don't know.

(24m 38s):
That's what, that's what they said Kanye and Diddy were doing. I heard a rumor that he suspected she was some sort of federal agent sent to spy on him and really, and that he was embarrassing her on purpose. Oh. Kinda like humiliation. She can push it. And I the bringing a bag where other men will Stag vixen. Yes. Again, I, I, this is all, this is all obviously hearsay. The theory is it's definitely evidence in its Kind of makes sense why he spent so much time in Japan. I feel that's something they'd be, they'd be kind of into over there, you know? Yeah. Who That kind of play. The Japanese. The Japanese. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. True. They kind had, they kinda were big on there. Was they sexually unusual before the atomic explosions? Or did that kick that off? I don't know. I think there's like ancient scrolls of like a middle aged Japanese man smoking a cigarette and fucking with this face.

(25m 22s):
Felt like a girl cries there. Iceman. Before there was A genuinely there's an octopus print. Yeah. They, Hundred hundreds Of years ago. Oh. Like an early, early S a woman being entered by a octopus. I think it, I think they have the Hawaiians have that with like an eel. There was a giant eel that was fucking ladies in like the Polynesian culture. Where're The Hawaiians aren't they cut Maui. Maui killed 'em. That didn't make its way into Moana. That's Moana three. That's, That's like the X and XX version of it that they do. I'm sure. Dang. You're going to fucking like Disney cut porns. Dude. Sometimes it pops up. I mean I don't look at that back, back in my early days, back in my dark days. Yeah. Right Dude. Just watching it and just being like, yeah, I remember this movie.

(26m 5s):
It must be so much better. I never got into like the cartoon cartoon. Like Simpson's porn. I never got into that. Never, never. Well You missed out. That was, that was, that was My first, you know that curiosity in the back of your mind, that kind of never goes away no matter how old you get. Nah, that Was always, sometimes it's cool to indulge. Man. That was My first thing. Who's home? We're working with Hammer Packing hate. I would guess They didn't hog out anybody on the census porn. No. Yeah. Wait, Anybody? As in who else? I would Be thinking of Bart's boner right now, but I don't think I saw anyone with huge meat on any of that Shit, bro. That's CP bro. I know. March in the fourth grade. That's cp. Yeah. Well, so you're saying they all worked with kind of regular meat.

(26m 47s):
Could Barricade myself, my own with Simpsons born come and take it. Pigs. It's just Marge sucking off Bart. I always found that the Simpsons was fairly erotic enough. I I never, you always think that they have a good, healthy sex life in their marriage. I don't know. Like a lot of shows you can't pick the sexual dynamic of the characters. But Marge and Homer are, I think, very satisfied in one another. You never get the sense that No, I've never once thought that I don't like Hank And Peggy. I go, I dunno what they're getting up to. I dunno. Yeah. How the king of the hill sex life is. But I always think Marge struck me as kind of a freak actually. Yes.

(27m 27s):
Yeah. No, Mar Marge and Homer, they have a very sensual relationship. It's very, it's communicated very clearly. There's little moments where Marge will, you know, Homer will say something like, oh, I'll do that thing where I, you know, nibble on your elbow or whatever. And Marge goes Also true ho homie. A rock rock homie. I was like, that's, I gotta like her a little pet name where I'm like, she called homie, Homie. That's, That's, that's some intention To, yeah. Elliot, you mentioned, didn't you think over ever Sucks Marge's tits? Yes. Gotta, right. Well, she's given birth Very Recently. She'd still be breastfeeding. He's probably not allowed to touch 'em because for the entirety of the Simpsons, they have a, they have a, a 1-year-old, 1-year-old baby.

(28m 11s):
We've never seen Marge nurse. And now this is suddenly bothering. I never, Marge doesn't breastfeed. Marge, how did they not tackle that topic when that became a big thing and women started breastfeeding at restaurants? How did they not do a Marge episode where she was like, whipping It out? Yeah. Yeah. Man. Yeah. I feel like women used to like, didn't you used to like hide a woman in the basement to breastfeed? 'cause I never saw women. They're trying To do that. Actually. I feel like when I, I had little brothers and sisters. I feel like I might have walked into the room one time. Like Jesus fucking Christ. There's a lot of, I mean, at the airport, they have those pods. The pods are nice. Which I assume The jack off pos guys and the Jack featuring lactation. Yeah. Go the goon pods. I I s good to know that Is what's being done there Recently in the airport for a family bathroom.

(28m 52s):
I was waiting outside the whole family and I'm like taken for fucking ever. And I don't hear any kids. I'm like, there this is a mother. This is someone taking his shit. Yeah. And I waited and waited. He's like, girl, I'm in here. Took his sweet time. And I was just boiling dude, because like my kid, like there was, and there was like a line for the other, the girl's bathroom. Yeah. So it was just like, long as fuck. And my kids were like, the boy's bathroom's disgusting. I kind of drove it in their heads. I'm like, you guys don't wanna be in here. This place is fucked up. And then I, the guy opens the door and I was like, what the fuck dude? Where's your kids? And he was like, I was like, rumbled away. Fully shamed him. It's great. You got to feel handicapped for the first time. Yeah. I am handicapped. I've made the argument, if you have two kids in your car, you can park in a handicap spot.

(29m 33s):
You're fully handicapped. I, it'd be easier to get around in a wheelchair. Put me in a fucking wheelchair for a, I'm on board with This piece of cake. Dude. Too many handicap spots now in America. I, I went to a theme park. I went to King's Island in Cincinnati. It was a theme park. You, you can't get an, I paid extra for the premium parking well behind the handicap Park. All fucking handicap. That's a bullshit Handicap. I will say this. Reduce the number of handicap spots. Yes. Or, or should we start checking, Here's what I say, reduce the Number of handicapped. Well If it should be, if you want the classic blue and white logo, you Yeah. You have to have like, some sort of proof on your windshield of like what you're working with.

(30m 13s):
If you're just fat handicapped, there should be a handicap with a, just a small FAT. Yeah. So just, there should be regular handicap and then just purely fat handicap. They just, They should make you watch ads too for fat Handicap, Handicap, no ads. She's a Carls Jr. Ad They help you change. It should be a slightly smaller part. They, They do that on, fuck, what is it, Southwest Airlines. 'cause you can pay to get on first to try to get those first four seats. You have super leg room, but then it's like, you know, want people in wheelchairs and it's like, whatever. You know, I don't think they're even allowed in those front seats. But then you'll get fat handicap And you just like, you son of a bitch. I know you're taking those two front seats. You motherfuckers just standing there.

(30m 54s):
No nothing, just no wheelchair or no cane. Just, just crushing some new balances. Leaning forward. And you're like, have You actually had the experience of getting stuck next to a, a like significantly obese person on a flight? No. I've had people complain about my back being too big. I've, I've discovered a Southwest trick. I've Been buying two seats just in case sir. S he's too Small. I've got a move on Southwest now that I do. What do you do? Because you are walking down the aisle and everyone's window seat, aisle seat in the middle. You look for people who look like they know each other, who are spread out. And you sit in between them and then they feel uncomfortable with the strangers sitting between them that they will give you either the aisle or the window usually.

(31m 37s):
Ooh yes. This is my You good move. I do, I do late. I do like, I, I don't ever upgrade it. I purposely do late, like boarding group C or whatever. 'cause single man, I'm trying to, I go in there and just like scope out. There's like a front girls just sit totally next to us. Like, whoa. That's so crazy. We sat next to each other. Like, I sat next to, do you Go to Tulsa a lot or Family there? La Last time I flew, I didn't mean to do this on purpose, but I said next to like a pretty like, like Latin lady, which is kind of my favorite. And I have like, I carry a rosary with me usually. And I had it in my pocket and I, bro, I peacock, I I thought I left it. I thought I like dropped it. I was like very loud, Maria. Whoa. Did I drop my rosary? Oh no. It's in my pocket. Thank goodness.

(32m 17s):
Oh, hey, what's up? I'm Sorry if it's uncomfortable pushing up against your enormous Latina ass. Drop my rosary in Magnum condom. Excuse me. I have to get under there. Just, Did you just let it drop outta the side of your hands like this? What is this roofer's tattoo? Yeah, I just have, I just have it kinda like dangling out of one pocket. Be like, oh, what's, oh, rosary. What, what'd she say? Oh, I didn't, I I didn't, I She didn't say anything. But you Didn't give you a dsm. No, no. I wish that would've, that would've been it for me. I would've probably come in my pants sm Thank God she didn't temp you. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna southwest and just stand next to the stewardess the whole time.

(32m 59s):
Like, oh, I'm sorry. I thought we could just sit anywhere, wherever you want. I'm sitting in the cockpit. Hmm. I'm gonna, the cockpit. True. I want, I wanna finally get, I wonder if I dress my son up or one of them like a little pilot. And I say he loves this. Oh, he loves pilots. They wouldn't let you fly. They No, but Maybe they'd let him in there and I'd get to accompany him into the cockpit. You can, you can do that. If you're bored. You can be like, my kid wants to look in. You can. That's my plan. They don't let you in there. Just him. It's like, whoa. What the hell? I wouldn't allow that. True. I'm not letting those pilots fool all there Dude. Every pilot looks exactly the same for the most, I would say 80% of pilots look exactly the same. Same haircut, same Salt and Pepper, same build.

(33m 40s):
It's crazy. Same Age, same voice on the, on the intercom. Same exact talk. Exactly the same cadence. There might be cadence, some sort of like thing they learned to do for air traffic control. 'cause they talk, all You guys watch the rehearsal. Right? I love it. I haven't seen it. I've heard it's good. Alright, so there's like kind of an explanation for it. And it's like if you express any kind of like personal shortcomings, people start to look at you. 'cause it's like that leads down a path of like, is this guy suffering from like a mental health thing? Spoiler Alert. They're all very autistic dude. Yeah. Really? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Maybe it attracts a certain type or maybe you mold yourself into the right type. But in the last episode, Nathan actually does a a com, I guess a commercial flight in a 7 37 with an actual pilot as his co-pilot.

(34m 25s):
And the guy completely goes like normal SpongeBob and like, seems to not even have a thought the entire time. Whoa. And they, yeah, they're showing him like, try to talk to him and the guy's like, what? And they're just doing what back and forth. And Nathan was like, yeah, I I thought you were about to say something. And the guy goes, no. If I think anything that I have to say, I'll say it out loud and then just eyes forward the entire flight. There's no like, what's up man? You see the game? Yeah. Yeah. It's just None of that. They do, they locked in either do not think or they are able to suppress every thought that they have. Whoa. Pretty weird Dude. I, I've been watching the accountant one and two. Dude, How is two? I, I wanna see it real bad.

(35m 5s):
Two Pretty sick. It leans into kind of like the Broman spin him and his brother a lot. Nice. But I'm, I've been wondering if like, Altus are kind of like an adaptation to live in kind of a more like computerized society. 'cause I and the and, and two, they, they are using the Altus kids from the AC Academy as like, kind of like, like their own little powerhouse to like gather information. I'm like, dude, we're gonna be, these guys are gonna be a hot mind. We Eat farms for these people. Yeah, these Guys. This why, Huh? This is why Bill Gates is vaccinating Africa to give the Tech. He wants his own little Autistic army. He wants the fucking squad. If We're gonna finally turn this into a techno futurist regime. Yeah.

(35m 45s):
They need The gift of the autistic. He's gotta be careful. 'cause then they can hit, they can hit him with a little Dragon Ball Z. Take the whole place down, drop the power grid. They'll be in there fucking trying to spread like a virus, trying to move water bottles with their knives. I I watched that, that video last night of the dude, like, like showing his progress of like moving water bottles and stuff. And I was like, how is he doing that?

(36m 7s):
This episode of Matt and Shane Secret podcast is brought to you by dude wipes, riff prompts. When you wipe, are you sitting or standing? I started out sitting today and then I actually, actually I'm not lying. I got saved by dude wipes today. I was in the bathroom taking a dump at Shane's house and I had, you know what, like clings to the side of your butt? Kind of. I had a large deposit clinging to my butt. And it like, literally, I, you know, when did you ever get it on your hand at all when you wipe? I don't gross You guys out Has like accidentally Have you, have you ever got it on your hand? I can't remember. I did. It literally happened to me today. Like, I got it just a tiny bit on my hand. I was like, fuck. Well, that's The joy of the dude. Wiper. Exhale. Wipe for a exhale, man. No, it, it was, it came in handy. I would've had it gone home. It was such a disaster. That came in handy. Thank God I did that. Guys, whichever way you wipe it's time to show your bee hole some respect and upgrade to dude wipes. Dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. They leave no room for dingle berries or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Plus their extra large and designed for adults. So no more endless roles or setting for less, or sorry. So no more endless roles or settling for less than Perfect wipes, dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.

(37m 25s):
But yeah, the, I've I've been going around for the last like three days pretending I'm the accountant pretty much the whole time. It's pretty sick. The accountant's such a big W for white guys. Yeah, for white dorks. It's Huge. It's crazy. He's, I'll watch a bro movie with Bernthal. I like, he's really good in that role. He's great. Like Fury. That was, I I re-watch Fury pretty often too. That's a great bro movie if you guys have never seen that. He's bernal's a Yeah, I was, I was trying to tell Brittany, I was like, dude, he's like, maybe he's like the best. He's really good. Everything I've ever seen him in. Yeah, he is just spazzing does a good job. I don't like the lollipops and the accountant too. That's my one gripe. What's, he just has lollipops in his mouth all the time. It's like a, just a thing. I'm like, dude, come on. Fucking lollipop out here.

(38m 6s):
It's like a toothpick. It's Weird. I wonder if he he made that was his own like, like, oh, I'm gonna method this. I wonder, I wondered if he method It. I'm gonna, what if he, what if he sucked lollipops the whole time? That's what I was thinking about. I'm like, dude, if he put this in himself, I'll be pissed. I was wondering if, if Bernthal is well, All right. You remember when like the Hil lab buff stuff happened? Yeah. And Bernthal was like his bro in his corner the whole time. Yeah. And he was doing like podcasts, like Burn Bernthal actually thinks he is the Punisher in real life. Oh, I know. He thinks he is like the hard hardnosed like grit man. Yeah. And not just like a, A thespian A bisexual theater kid. Well, no one else is is a mask actor.

(38m 47s):
There's a big absence of masculine. Timothy Chalamet is the leading man for everything. He's a womanly girl. He's got that mask. Yeah, he's, he's a waist. Ah, oh, who's the Spiderman now? Who's Tom Holland? Tom Holland's very Holland Mask. I'm fond of Tom. He's a British Guy. Yeah. Bernthal iss a mask and honestly, Cool. These guys are all the same. Well, here's the thing to be fair, every movie I watch I'm like, yeah, I'm that guy for at least two weeks and it wears off. If I was the character this, it would, it would war me dude. I would completely think I'm a Navy Seal. So I think it's a hazard of the industry. He's been so method for so long that he, Like, he's been so method. I think he's lost in the he's he's lost in the role. I think he's tough now. I guess so.

(39m 27s):
Man. You know, I, I swear to God, I don't know, I I'm still watching the, the rest of the accountant too. I haven't finished it yet. So in my head I'm like, nah, he's tough as fuck dude. Like you have no idea. He could beat up a whole room of people. Probably could. It's basically Perfectly manifesting in his brain. Just him doing these like tough guy roles has just like, became like his inner monologue. He's like, I'm the tough guy. Well you watch the, the podcast you were talking about him and Hai the booth. They do talk like, I don't even like, it's like a mix of like Navy Seals and like Trello game. It's A different, it's all different language. I'm most brother, Brother. Lemme tell you something about this brother. They talk like macho man. You have to Think about yourself brother. You know, as a man and I'm coming to you as a man And you man, you're a man and they just, the only word they're saying is man for, you know, upwards of three minutes.

(40m 9s):
How long have you been brothers for brother? Lemme tell you something man. I don't know brother. Lemme tell you something about brothers brother. Bad. As long as I've been a man. It's one of the all time great podcast podcasts relatively recently. It's one of the greatest podcasts ever recorded. Look, I'm not down with you hitting your and pushing your wife brother, but I get it brother. I'm here for you in the corner. I'll grab your, when you go to hit your wife, I'll be, I'm that kind of guy that's grabbing your arms, driving my dick into your back. But I'm not gonna, I'm not right with that. If you wanna punch your wife in the face, look man, man, I get it, But I'm not gonna you brother to brother. That's a different story. I'm gonna jump in front of the fist and if my head hits her head that's on her, she's gonna move Doing pull shots on a guy's wife Clink me in the corner.

(40m 53s):
Maybe I'll bounce off and catch her in a fucking nose. But look brother. Yeah, that's the best. Those two. If You want to jack off in a chair while I punch her in the face, brother, that's that's your prerogative man. I actually tombstone my ex-wife and killed her. It was an accident. It was a tragic accident. I threw my wife off a hell in a cell brother. I was actually thinking about that. I think yesterday I was thinking about, I was thinking about Shai lab boof and you know, I, I like Shai lab boof. I like Shy A lot. I like him a lot. But I was thinking like, I think he's still with that lady. I, I don't know. I I I could be wrong. How? The, the FK the, The Twix? No, he got back with his wife.

(41m 35s):
Oh, so that wasn't his wife. He didn't, he had his girlfriend. He, I didn't, did he hit, allegedly hit FKA twigs or? I think it was FKA twigs that he, Yeah. And again, I don't know if it was like a push, I don't know. You know, I Thought he intentionally gave her a sexually transmitted disease. I Think that's Also, And then she wrote a great album about it called You Sexual, which is no, maybe it's not even about, it's about movements. It's a great album. Great Art has come out of that intentional st Yeah. I don't, okay, so that's on the record that he just didn't tell her. I don't know. She, he apologized but he was very vague about it. It's not clear what he's Fully converted, fully converted to Catholicism. Apologized. I kind like his arc so far. He was, I hadn't seen this, I hadn't seen this Capital thing Arc, but he was out in, he came to the club.

(42m 17s):
He was at the mothership like a couple months ago. Really? He watched the show and he was lovely and he had his dad there. And then I was looking him up on the internet and I, I think the night before he was arrested for jaywalking because he kept calling a policeman silly. Like he went cross her main road and the policeman said, you can't do that. And he said, you're being silly. You're a silly policeman. He said the word silly Bunch of times that'll piss off a cop call a cop. Silly. They're not going for silly. Yeah, I think silly is one of the, I mean, it's a great thing to call a cop, isn't it? Yeah. It's a, It's, it's not the last thing they want to hear. Don't Be Silly. Well you're being silly man that because they're not silly at all. They're serious. It's the most serious men usually. Yeah. It's much better than pig. Yeah. They'd rather pig. Everyone has pig Pig. At least there's like anger behind pig.

(42m 57s):
If you're like, dude, you're being a little silly. They're like, Also Pig is such a standard like go-to Yeah. Silly is like, wow, this guy has some beef with me for sure. This guy like, well This guy's fucking with my head. Yeah. But yeah, I just knew something went down. I don't know what happened but I, I just thought about, my thought was like, say you did say you were on record though. 'cause you know, like people, the details come out. People just assume and they hear there was any sort of like assault or aggravation there. They assume you like beat the hell out of her. Yes. And you know, court of public opinion kind of thing. When you jump back into the dating pool, I wonder like if, if a girl dates you after hearing publicly that you were beating they flirt a lot. Or is it like, what's up with that? Like, you know, is it like, are they like, okay, well I know what I'm signing up for.

(43m 38s):
Like are there girls out there being like, oh, she was being a pussy. Of course your boyfriend shoves you. That's what I was wondering about. There's gotta be girls out there that are like, yeah, for sure there's Italian women. Yeah, Sure. That was all. It was just a stupid thought in my car. I'm Sure there's girls that are about it like that Though. Getting shoved. Yeah. And they'll give it back. Yeah. Chris Brown's reputation has not been hurt with his woman Canvas. There you go. That's a good one. Ladies love Chris Brown. And his Wikipedia page is nuts. If you go to the controversies page on Chris Brown. Yeah, but that wasn't an isolated Rihanna incident. Oh really? He was hitting heaps of ladies. Really? They're so horny For him though. He's like ho Have you seen the videos of him?

(44m 18s):
Like just like at his show, just humping girls on stage? Yeah. The The meet and greet. It's crazy. By the way. Meat meet greet when we were Getting, Taking pictures with Chris Brown, they love that he's socking girls. 'cause it's like, that means eventually enough of these girls are gonna get sock and dropped out. Then I'm gonna have to necks Chance next. Yeah. I'm like 230 set thousand thin line. If he could just, all I know is not through All of Them. I I gotta just be able to take one good one and I'm set for life. True. He's gonna be, He's gonna be dancing on me. Yeah, that's his lawyer. Must have like the, the fund that like just one savings account just for like smacking the lady fund. The smack fund. Smack fund got crazy. He Was smacking, it was getting kinda low Chris.

(44m 58s):
It Wasn't even just girls he was dating. It was like someone who was looking after his dog. Someone who did his hair. Wait, what have you read this? He beat his dog. Everyone can get it. Chris Brown is like His dog or like his dog. Like his dog. Allegedly. Sorry. Allegedly. I have to keep saying allegedly. Yeah, but it's a big controversy Wikipedia page and it's almost All. So what is the controversy? What's the alleged controversy? There's One after another. No, there's like 20 Oh Assault like Two Years ago for beating up his producer. Allegedly. Really? Well he was arrested so. Oh yeah, he just got rearrested recently did In London. Yeah. Yeah. He threw, yeah, they hit him with A tequila pie. Yeah, it's like a big one. It was like one of those, I think it was Fat Square Boys.

(45m 41s):
I could be wrong. It was either tall and long or fat square. At This point, if you piss off Chris Brown, isn't it kind of your fault? You know what I mean? It's like obviously he has a history of being a, a bit of a hothead, you know? Yeah. It's like maybe just keep your distance from him. I don't know. That would suck. You're just recording like very seems sexual r and b you're fucking kind of Chubb up. You're like, this is kind of weird. The guy just beats your ass. That'd be getting your ass kicked as a sound engineer to RB would be crazy. Yeah, that would suck dude. Imagine if boys of men just stomped you. Dude. Just DP G. They had to, I think boys of men were stomping people. Oh yeah. You're getting punched with like very extravagant rings on their hands and shit.

(46m 21s):
That shit sucks. That one guy comes into the back like You're gonna kick with a loafer that's softer than anything you've ever felt before. They're like, damn. Grab one from my, like my pillowcase. Oh Yeah. I never, never thought about that. That sucks. Well hopefully Chris Brown figures it out man. You can't be doing that. I'm pretty sure Recording studios see a lot of fights. I think a lot. And it's like a guy comes in for, you know, maybe a verse or maybe, you know, he brought in a beat. Yeah. And then like another guy doesn't like him and it just, it just turns into like a caat stream. True. Probably pretty frequently. That's a good point. There's Just girls tweak, twerking and guys screaming and no one understands what's going on. That's Gotta be such a stressful environment And You get a platinum record out of it.

(47m 2s):
It's like the formula worked once again, Isha make diamonds. It true. Huh? Isha makes diamonds true. You gotta have, you have a cool easy recording studio. Yeah. I've always wanted to be in the studio like that. I've never been, I never got the be the Stew cooking the stew, Cooking the stew. Yeah. You got all your jewelry on, you wearing sunglasses, you got like a cup of something and you're just like vibing to the beat and no one is sure if they like the song yet or not, but everyone's just like, we gotta keep up. We gotta keep the vibe going. True. That's a lot of pressure. Yeah man. If you're the guy who's like, this is kind of ass, you might get turned on by everyone else in the room. I did. I saw a video of Tupac blowing up 'cause he thought there was too much of this going on in the green room. This was recently on a reel. He comes in and goes, quit messing around.

(47m 43s):
We've got girls dancing, we got people popping champagne. Let's make some music. We're gonna do it one at a time. You can produce it later. Get my verse now. And it was sort of prophetic 'cause he had so many verses recorded when he died, he didn't know how much time he had left. Yeah, It's dude, apparently rappers now all of them have like hundreds and hundreds of songs. So you provide for your loved ones after you too many drugs on a plane to Australia. Rest in peace. They should just release all those songs as like podcasts, juice, like, like if you're just rapping Juice, that much juice, you might as well just do podcasts. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Well a lot of rappers are Mo Juice Wrl had a bunch of songs. Juice Wrs had like three albums come out after that And he, he died on a plane to Australia. I think he was worried about a drug dog and he had some drugs on him, so he took all of them to get off the plane.

(48m 27s):
It's very sad. What? Yay.

(48m 30s):
This episode is brought to you by Dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, you need to stop being an A-hole to your B hole and switch to dude wipes. Isn't that funny? That is funny. Whoever Wrote this, gimme a call. I need some material. I made the switch myself. And the difference, let me tell you is real dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the convenience of their flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. No more juggling rolls. They're settling for less than adequate wipes. Aren't you tired of juggling rolls Matt? For sure. They leave no room for Dingleberries. All right. Or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Yeah, I leave those on the Floor. The butt crumbs. Yeah. Plus they're extra large for adults. I like that because you are not a baby. So stop using baby wipes. Ditch the itch and switch to wet extra large Flushable dude wipes. Dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.

(49m 28s):
This episode is brought to you by Dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, you need to stop being an A-hole to your B hole and switch to dude wipes. Isn't that funny? That is funny. Whoever wrote this, gimme a call. I need some material. I made the switch myself. And the difference lemme tell you is real dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the convenience of their flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. No more juggling rolls or settling for less than the adequate wipes. Are you tired of juggling rolls Matt? For sure. They leave no room for dingleberries. All right. Or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Yeah, I leave those on the floor. The butt crumbs. Yeah. Plus they're extra large for adults. I like that because you are not a baby. So stop using baby wipes. Ditch the itch and switch to wet extra large flushable dude wipes. Dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.

(50m 27s):
Yes. Done. I done done that. But never had more than like one Xanax. That seriously how he died? Yeah. I think that's how he had Tissue with, he had a ton of drugs on him and he goes, he's already gotten through, got Nervous at T s a. No, I think he food private. And he came down and they said, this country's very uptight about drugs. He went, well I better have every pill that's on me right now. And then he took them and then he was out. What I Australia strikes again. It's very Sad they weren't, I don't know. I went there that one time. I I had a fake, fake VAX card. You guys didn't catch that. Probably had a weed pen. If I had to guess. Australia, you can get anything through Australia. We put up a bit. Our signs are very spooky. I think it's easy to get things in than, yeah.

(51m 7s):
We have a whole TV show about it, which is border patrol, I think it's called. Where we get, it's a whole TV show about Chinese people Come into the border Australia goes store at the ocean. Like, hey, They're at the airport and they just go through like Chinese people's bags. Like what is this? You can't have this fish. Yeah. You can't bring a lot of fruit. I did notice that. Like fruit and all that other stuff, stuff contra. You can't Bring very big on fruit. I accidentally brought a stick home from Australia And did they say something about it or were you able to keep bring it with you? They can't, it, it passed bro, that sucks my, I've got those thanks through. Dude. My stick was in my pocket. I forgot it was in there. It was a cool stick. It was like a bear. Very bare smooth stick. And I brought it back from Australia, probably crippled the stick.

(51m 49s):
Excuse me. That's my hoe bag. This would sound silly, but the first time I was in America, I did see a cool rock and I brought it home. Did you really? I wanted to bring home a piece of American rock. Did you? Yeah. Are you allowed to bring rocks from America? Russia? No one questioned the, it was like a pebble. It was like a nice pebble. I Brought, I brought a pebble. I brought a nice pebble from Italy back to America. It was weird. You See the handsome rock, you're like, I'm gonna bring this back With me. There's an energy here. There's a lot of accomplished geo smugglers around here. Crazy. You're not supposed to take them from Hawaii though. I heard. Heard the kauna or something like that. Really? What's kauna? What's the spirits? You, you take nothing from Hawaii. I would take it and be like, I don't believe in Kauna. Well, You'd be fucked then. Zuckerberg must be in trouble with the kauna right now.

(52m 30s):
Doesn't he have like a giant volcanic fucking bunker in Hawaii? I hope So. I don't know. He does. I think so. Yeah. He apparently scored a lot of property over there. There's the underground cities that the rich are building to keep them safe from whatever's happening right now. Yeah. I'm gonna be a topside mut. I gotta, You Gotta put your topside mutant will be Sick. Cannot wait to be a topside mutant and torture the underground rich people. Banging on the manhole covers. We're gonna come down there. Ah. So I think America might be going to war now. You think so? With Iran? I think it's happening now. Yeah. U s A officially joins war. It's just Happened. Oh man. Against Iran. Against Iran. What the freaking hell.

(53m 11s):
Mm. Hope they don't use any dirty bombs. That's what I'm worried about. This goddamn bio weapons. Us or them. Hmm. Us or them you mean? I mean, none of them. You want Say how COVID doesn't break out again during This is so much worse than the declaration of, I mean, like Churchill gets to go. We will fight them on the beaches. Yeah, we will. Trump's going. Well these guys have equipment We have of guys. Drones. Plenty of It doesn't compare to American made this social manufactured stuff. Yeah. Nobody does it better than the good old us of a in terms of war. War. I mean, dude, we would, we would absolutely smash Iran obviously, but it's like, can't we just say we're not going to war and then just kind of send like secret agents to do it or whatever.

(53m 56s):
We do Old fashion the way we've been doing it for Yeah. Can We just destabilize their economy? Like gentlemen, use like a Proxy. Be like, be polite, use proxies. So wait, why are we doing it? Not just having Israel do it and being like, I Don't, I think Trump got too excited. I think the playbook was obviously just provide Israel everything they need. So destabilize the part of the Muslim world that we don't like forever. And he thinks maybe I could win a war just Like Ukraine and Russia. Yeah. And then he was just like, we should actually jump in there and see what's up. What, what if Bebe just has crazy Riz and nobody knows about it. He just was like, come on Trump, come on. He's so sick. He's very charismatic. It'll go so sick. It is funny that a dude named Bebe like started a giant war, possibly World War ii.

(54m 37s):
Yeah. Bebe, I mean, who, who would join Iran? China's not joining with Iran. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. God dang it. China. I think China. China recorded. But China's so tied up with Africa right now. Are they? Yeah. They're they're gonna milk Africa. They really need to stay focused. They don't wanna get into a war. Yeah, they're not set up for it either. Good. That's well that's good. So it'll be Russia, Iran, what a fucking scrap. You know who, you Know who, I mean, if they turned the lights off and played their music, it would get a big pop in the main event. If North Korea woke up right now Off the ropes, you Forgot all about who's out with an injury. You know what I mean? I don't think WrestleMania comes. It's like North Korea. I just don't think their missiles can reach, I don't think they can do anything.

(55m 19s):
But who Cares? They'd be sick if they just dropped in Fortnite style. Most career is the Ray Mysterio of world comfort. Small guy. You don't think he should have an impact, But take, let get It could be in theory Iran and Russia versus Israel. The United States And United States. Yeah. Well, and then like also probably like France and like kind of EU countries are probably gonna join. Oh, you Mean all of our pets? Yeah. Yeah. I don't you think Yeah. I guess they'd, they'd have to, I I'd assume the Yeah. Yeah. Germany, all those guys, the classics. They can send their 15 bicycles. Fire, fire up Egypt.

(55m 60s):
You, you can fire protection because what countries are we tight with that are in that area? It's Egypt, Jordan. Oh, I feel like a lot of this Saudi Arabia Is huge. They just give us a golden Jet. Yeah. I think you've probably got Iraq. What's the left of a rock? He's probably Jordan. Isn't Jordan on our side too? I think Jordan's always the king of Jordan, I think is like chilling. Yeah. So I think it'll be That's dude, that'll be crazy. I've been thinking about how badly if I was leaving high school this year, I'd probably, and and my circumstances were the same as when I actually graduated high school. I probably would find a way to enlist and become a drone operator. I think it's, Yeah, It's the same.

(56m 42s):
I I, I actually, it sucks that I didn't get to fantasize that the same way I got to fantasize about being an army sniper. Yeah. Where was completely unrealistic and would've never happened. And, but now they've Seen your rocket league Abilities and they say, how do You join a different kind of rocket? I didn't do use like Xbox controllers. Yeah. I I And and then the reality of it is also cool where you're like kind of just in the back of a truck wearing a headset and all of like the actual grunts are laughing at you and no one respects you. But it's like, yeah, whatever dude, I'm locked in right now And you can twitch it. Yeah. You're like one of those, one of the guys who, dude, let's Go check. Really Like the dudes and doo with like the pink, I mean the blue eyes are like, Like Yeah.

(57m 22s):
The navigators, the men tap Like the quants or whatever. That probably happens to every professional twitcher that gets caught saying the n word on the stream. The government knocks up like, we have a job. You got two options. We have a job For you. Come here now. Release the taped To 20 man. We'll be in the back of the truck and let the guy, the squad humiliate me while I drone strike people. That would be so sick. Dude. It's Nothing but kill streaks. It's Got a fucking rock, man. Fucking awesome. You had the cold, you had the coldblooded perk on And you're like, all my perks. I just prestige. Actually, you have your gamer clan just like xx whatever. Yeah, man. You mad Is actually the, the clan tag.

(58m 8s):
I think we did an hour dude, right? Godines? Yeah. All right. I get a pee. I can tell 53. Let's, let's fucking, let's power through. It's 53. I have, I've had to pee for the last 30 minutes. I smell really bad. Do you smell? Yeah. Yeah. I made sure to go. I, I thought when you told me to come by, I was like, I gotta immediately go shower. I can't smell bad. Really. I, well, no, I showered, I did everything and I'm, I'm on a, a new kick. I'm trying to take care of myself. I'm trying to make, I I've started sleeping. Whoa, Dude. The sleeping world. Sleeping with a TV on for 40 Years. 40 years. 40 years. Crazy. So I've taken the television out of our bedroom. Oh, nice. And we're on, I haven't even completed a week of it yet, but so far so good.

(58m 49s):
And then I got a mattress topper. It turns out my bed was very uncomfortable and that was probably a part of it. So now I'm sleeping like a fucking king. How's Your stack? I haven't got, I haven't gotten to the Tupperware bin full of supplements yet. Okay. It's still being unpacked. That'll Be there. Yeah. But I was at Walmart and I grabbed the same deodorant I get, but aluminum free. Oh, nice. It's not working at all. Stinky. I smell so bad right now. Yeah. I'd rather, it's making me really self-conscious odorant at all than the aluminum free. I, I, I'm sticky and sticky. It bleeds Shirts and stuff. It's, Dude, I don't wear it. I rarely wear it in the summer. I'll like slap it on every now and again. Just 'cause like, yeah. You know, one of my kids will be like, dude, you fucking stink. But this Just my pheromones just fucking blasting.

(59m 30s):
I would be better off going raw. I swear. I think you are man. I go, I pretty much, it's so distracting if everyone did stop wearing deodorant and everyone had, I was just talking About this. I know what a psychopathic move. I know he did. Sid did six months, no deodorant and was in complete denial about how bad he wreaked. It was filling rooms. I was doing that. He was changing shirts, mid conversation, Sweating His tea levels. Like though, you know. Did he get his ngrams for deciliter checked? They're Probably high if I had to guess. Yeah. Sids are probably off the charts. Dude. If I had to guess, Judging from just the smell, We, we drove to Atlantic I think. So We drove to Atlantic City together to do a podcast. And it was like, the windows in the car were bulging out from the smell.

(1h 0m 10s):
It was so fucking bad. And you'd be like, yo, dude, you stink. You'd be like, I don't think it's me. And we were, we, It went nowhere. It was so fun. It was like a can of soup. We and people just to like Back away from him. People started to leave his personal life. No, it was, it was the green room and helium the one time like, people were coming up to him like, dude, you stink in this green room. And he was saying, yeah, you finally accepted it. He was like, All right, I stink. I fucking, I stink. I've been stinking for six months. Well I'll give it to him. 'cause he wanted the no deodorant life so bad. Yeah. Which I can respect, but he for real stunk. He was kicking off a, a stink. There's no excuse to I mean, which Is, which is alpha. Yeah.

(1h 0m 50s):
I'm ashamed by the fact that I, I don't like If he powered through, if he said yes, I do Stink. That's what I'm saying. That's A completely different story. Hey, That's your Yeah. He could have said, Hey, that's your problem man. Yeah. Deal with it. I love every aspect of myself. Sometimes I feel like the stink comes when I don't rock the odorant. I feel like when I'm really stressed out, that's when the stink comes. I feel like it's a response to like the way that I am inside. So I try Stink inside. You stink outside. Exactly. If you lose frame, you just start to stay. Sorry, I'm super sorry. I smell guys. I'm super anxious right now. That'll definitely dude. Sit down on the plane, bus out the rosary, beards. Like hopefully I'll smell. I've been worried all morning. That is a big Worry. I keep it sticking deodorant whenever I fly because like, dude, you didn't notice it when we were like going to like Sacramento and shit.

(1h 1m 33s):
I was hitting the, I was hitting the do like just on a, in the waiting area. Were You really? Yeah. Anytime I get on a plane, I have to reapply. 'cause I just get so worried that people are like, what's up with that? That guy's dood dude, I shit, I don't wear dood on the plane. I fart the entire time. Dude. I don't if I, I'll give, someone Told me you told a story about me farting on an airplane. Yes. It was the, the little kid Turning around and Butterly was, it was so, they were so bad. And this kid, you cut over the sound of the jet engine. No, no, no. The Smell, the smells were fucking horrendous. And this little boy in front of us would smell them and get so excited and turn around and just wide smile between the seats.

(1h 2m 16s):
And I couldn't stop. And his, he was like telling his mom or dad and they kept me like, dude, stop. It's like they did it again. Mom. Was he ever clock who it was like specifically from just like we Were blaming each other. We were both blaming each other the entire time. And even the, the mom in front was laughing pretty hard. I saw our shoulders quake and it was what a good sport. The mom was probably started a lifelong perversion for that job. This kid, he couldn't have been hap he was the only one on the plane. Couldn't have been happier. That's A core, core memory of his. He just Me. Oh, he was dude. And we were, he fired A core memory into his, into his brain. I mean, just sitting in the smell being like, no, no, nah, that's cool. It's cool. And then you see that fucking smile, you're like, fuck mom.

(1h 2m 58s):
Mom, they did it again. Mom. They Did. I dunno what he's talking about. Ma'am, could you shut your child up? No, I, I give myself like 10 farts and then if I have to, I'll, I'll take a dump in the plane, but ten's the number. It's too much time to give shit. If I'm sitting next to a lady, guys infinite, I'll fart the entire Wait you fart next to a lady. I'll, I'll fart 10 times next to a lady. And then shit depends. If It's a crabby lady, farts are the worst punishment she can receive. I'm not allowed to strike her or raise my voice at her, but I can almost shit my pants at her. I have, I've had some times recently where I'll be like, you know, end of the night, Brittany's in the bathroom doing whatever and I'll be like naked and like there's, she's in the bathroom, I'm in the bedroom just naked, farting in the bed.

(1h 3m 46s):
And I'll be like sitting there like, she has to hate me. She must just be disgusted. There's literally just a creature. Well, the rage has to come out somewhere. You know, they don't say this about Chris Brown. He never farts in front of a woman. Ah. That's where he Starts. That we know swinging. That We know of. That we know of. Yeah. He might have had that might Be what all the farts come from. He just fucking ripped like, oh my God. He is like, shut the fuck up bitch. He wasn't a fights about was it was in, Oh yeah, the big one was in the car with your, yeah. Whoa. Just crushed the car. Steam the glass. The glass was melting Under the shitting on a, on a flight. There is a, there's a hack I've found.

(1h 4m 26s):
I didn't know if people know this. You were allowed to use the toilet before the plane takes off when they're doing that. I didn't know for years. I thought you had to wait until you were in the sky and the seat belt's off. If you're on the tarmac, you can, yeah. And no one's in there. No one's ever contesting for the first P on the plane. But then everyone knows, like if you do stick it up the rest of the flight, everyone's like, Is that, or if you, if you take a brutal dump and they're like waiting to take off and then you gotta walk out the whole plane, like what the fuck? Cancel the flight. What? We've had to cancel the flight. Yeah. We've had, someone's left an awful mess in here. Brittany told me, she's like, go ask the stewardess for some coffee to bring into the bathroom with you. It'll kill the smells. Like I'm not fucking, I'm gonna get fecal matter in the cough.

(1h 5m 7s):
That's Gross. Yeah's a tough, So I amm not wasting the coffee and B, it's like, no, I'm just gonna take a shit. I'm not gonna be like, Hey, it's gonna smell really bad when I poop. Can I have some coffee please? It's like absolutely not. Well. So Does coffee drive out the smell of poop or would it just smell like poop and coffee? The worst smoke glands like cut it. But yeah, you need a lot. You need some strong beans And you should peel an orange while you ship in the bathroom. You go, that's not a bad idea. It's like a yuck palm. I mean the match and toilet paper obviously. Or just lighting a match and throwing it in. That for real crushes the smell. They shouldn't Let you vape on the plane. Just in the bathroom though. Like to cover up the, the shit with like blueberry, Whatever, smell. Not vanilla, blueberry over the, yeah. Yeah. Little dream cold.

(1h 5m 47s):
All right. We made an hour. I have to pee so fucking bad. My gross. Thank You bro. Sick. Thanks for having, Thank You for having me.