
Then you take 'em off when you get to the Yeah. Sneakers on the Beach. Depends how hot the sand is. Sauce is. Hell we going, we rolling. Oh my motherfucking God, Christopher off on the wrong foot. Nah, He thinks, he thinks mad on The beach. Sneakers on the beach is Weirder. Be's literally the only white guy I've ever seen. I Bet. Unless you're local. Actually, my cousin, my cousin Frank did it. Yeah. He wore sneakers on the beach. All, all of us has one like video game cousin who would knock, who played video games at the beach the whole time. And then he'd come down at like 5:00 PM and sneakers and you'd be like, bro, what are you doing?


You're not coming to the arcade with me. Dude. Bees. That's the bees dude. Yeah. Sneakers on the beach. Are You sneakers on the beach guy? Yeah. A lot of, you know, 'cause I, I I That's So dumb. How many times do you prefer the beach? It's When did you surprise go to the beach? It's not that I prefer It, it's just When did you surprise go to the beach? I feel Like the last time I was at the Danien improv, I got surprised with the beach trail. I didn't really know how close it's gonna be, the beach. So then I have speaker on The beach. Don't you take, don't you take, I just gotta get this in before you guys attack me. I'm not yelling. You're yelling, dude. I'm not fucking Bro. And then I don't have sandal. I don't like have sandals a lot.


Yeah, But you take your shoes off, leave 'em at the top, and you roll your pant legs up and you walk on your bare feet in the beach. I mean, if I'm really missing the sand and it's, it's a partly cloudy day, I'll do it. But if it's, if the sun's been baking and you get there kind of late, They got sand shoes for the rest of your life, dude. You are? No, no. I walk. I walk. I have a special walk. Dude. Dude. No, for real. If you're in hot sand, if you dig your feet under the surface sand, you can get through. Yeah. That helps. When you go down to the beach in shoes you have, you're literally crushing the vibe. Yeah. For every single person enjoying the bigger hall. What the fuck is this guy doing here? Yeah. It's so unwelcome. I try to make up for it with my other beach activities. You know, I get right into the surf. You do. I throw a ball around. Do you You good at the beach?


Do the Frisbee. I'll do paddle ball. You are good At the beach. You're good. Yeah. But, but get Me down to the, like The, the Sand of the water. Like you diet on this hill necessarily. We'll die on every single fucking hill. Any hill. You name a hill. We've seen, we've, I've seen him die on the sand hill before. This is the second sand related hellish argument. We can't talk sand dudes Cannot talk sand A comment has an intense relationship with Sam. I'm just saying not Everyone who wears seats on the Beach is an asshole. I say they're an asshole. I'm saying it. I'm weird. I'm saying sometimes If they're what?


Sometimes it's culturally acceptable to wear. Yeah. Black people don't like their bare feet on the ground. That's, you have to respect that. Is that real? That? Yeah. Oh yeah, dude. So they don't like the sand in between their toes? Not really. My wife, I don't know, doesn't like the sand. I like, it actually like angered me. The first time she told me, she's like, yeah, just like, I don't like how it gets all over me. And I was just like, what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. And you shout, why are you ruining the good thing Here? Yeah. Why are you ruining the best? Yeah. I love the beach. It's my favorite thing. She's like, I just don't sand makes me, it just feels gross on my feet. And I'm like, what the fuck, dude? It feels so good. Yeah. I take my kids away. I'm like, don't listen to fucking. Yeah. Trust me. But yeah, that's, yeah. That's, that's something I've seen. I mean, it, it's literally goes back to the socks of the waterpark. Yeah. That's why, that's why they're there, bro.


They're not, it's not just, it's not like a fashion statement. It's like genuine phobia of just the ground. Yeah. Instilled in them by a paranoid black mother. Swear to God. How do you feel This feel about this? You Think it's just microbes? Is it microbes Getting in there? You guys socks at the waterpark guys? You think it's, is it germs? Yeah, It's Germs. It's a germ related thing. A little bit. Also some waterparks are just super shitty and dirty. Like I've never been a socks in the waterpark guy. But you ever see those like water socks? Like they're made just for that? I was Aqua socks are pretty Socks. Aqua socks pretty big. Honky. Yeah. Aqua socks are definitely the hos. That's kind The old honk Swag. That is for sure. I I don't think it's swag. I would, I would aqua socks. I don't think think so.


My whole family did it. Really? Yeah. That's, I've only ever seen you guys in Jordan socks. I believe you. I believe you though. Sorry dude. I've ever seen him in the longest tube socks ever. For Sure. Half flapping off the foot Wife beaters on still. Well, you gotta keep the beater Off. No you don't. It becomes see through. It looks fucking crazy. It does. I just sees your wet nipples through the fucking, It's fucking weird. I got no defense for it. It just feels right. It's immediately see through. So what? Yeah, I remember I, I met my in The waves in a wife feeder's Nuts.


I just Popping it, just surfacing in a wave Pool. Oh, shit. At the bottom. The bottom gets all stretched out and Baggy. You guys swim like it's the 1920s. Everyone's, everyone's in full suits. Dude, I just, I was figuring out that yesterday. It's not, it is, it's crazy that white people made black people not be able to swim. And then you guys make fun of us for we did not need make, make it so you can't, You guys are blaming us for as too. You Guys, you guys literally poured acid in the pool. Dude. When does that, when did that happen In the Jim Crow? Well, There's, bro, one or two things happen that's like, I say, you guys make it so we can't go to gas stations. We still go. It's just a risk.


Why would we acid our Own pools? There was a couple times where people were tossing it in. Some acid didn't go. Yeah. A lot of people got in the pool and they're like, ah, No, it's a whites only pool That, that's not like, that wasn't like a, but there's dude, there's lot a common occurrence. Yeah. There's Lakes and shit, dude. Like we don't just swim in pools. Dude, I, I guess that's a fair point though, you know? But again, it's like, I don't know. I can't believe you tried to put not being able to swim on us. Yeah. Although you could. You could, you could with urban, like being forced into a city without pools, that's the one way you could do it. Yeah. I'll take it. That, that actually, I mean, you could, if you wanted to find the root of all your problems with white people, you could, there is an argument.


But swimming, come on man. Yeah. You take, still take the ferry. Ferry's not that bad. Expensive. Take the ferry. Yeah. To What? Like in New York, you take the subway, you take a subway all the way to Coney Island. Oh, you're saying to the beach. I was just talking like pools. Yeah. That's tough. I thought you were saying instead of black people swimming, they could take ferries. I was like, well, yeah, I'm sure. Of course. I'm sure they've Adopted the technology. They could travel. It's pretty close. Get the breeze in Your head. There's probably some sand on there. Well, God damn, I'm, you know, I don't wanna tread into kind of divisive racial Yeah. Stuff. But Matt, why don't you tell us what's going on with you, dude, because you, that you gotta be talking about that You can't wait to talk. First Of all, before I get to my 60 relative, about 64 hour fast, the cat Who swallowed the canary, he's ready to Talk.


Speaking of, well, speaking of semi related to cats. Did you, I just found this out today. Do You Know rats can't fart? No. I never would've known That. Rats cannot fart. We had an exterminator come to our house today, just routine treatment. And I told him about the cotton rats that invaded my garden. And he was like, oh man, that sucks. And he came back with a bag of, it was like baking soda apparently. And it's like an attractant, some, some other kind of food. And he was like, dude, put this in your, the back thing of the garden. He's like, it's non-toxic. I mean, it's kind of like a million dollar idea. I feel like the guy should patenting it. I, I don't know if other people do this, but it's rat poison. But instead of being like a actually poisonous substance, it's baking soda. But it takes advantage of the fact that rats can't fart. So if they eat baking soda, they just get filled with gas and since they can't fart, they explode.


Like literally like a seagulls, like a seagull. But that's Alka seltzer. But yeah, rats can't. And then they're, you're like, he's like, the only thing is you might catch a rat with like it's side blown out running across your grass. Oh man. Oh my God. I would've never guessed that. Me either. You'd think they'd be able to, you Think they'd fart the most? Yeah. Yeah. I also how could, if you can poop, you can Fart. But that's what you'd think. Right? They can only shit dude. They can only shit fart. Just an air poop. They're probably peeing While the poop. You google it after the guy said it didn't Even Google it. I'm kidding. He's a fucking expert. I believe him. But that's what the man does. Chris bought me with the, if you can poop, you can fart idea. You can't. That's the thing. That's a huge, that's like an imposable thumb. But It's really just rats cannot fart. Rats can.


Yes. Rats can fart. Fart What? According to ai rat Fuck ai, dude. Because that sounds like it's, if You can pass a tour, you can pass a fart. I, one year ago today, you, so today I learned that rats can fart mice Do nott mice don't fart. Don't fart. That can, but mice do not. Mm. Okay. So maybe he's thinking what I showed him is actually technically a mouse. Why? Why's tricky. Dude, Why can't they fart? Actually, You know, so rats can fart rats. Yes. Rats can pass gas. In fact, rats produce the most intestinal gas when fed dried skim milk. What? Get some milk going out there. Let the boys turn your garden into a fucking fart there. Well, Here's the thing. This is the, the cotton rat looks more like a mouse than anything else.


So maybe he like idd the species I gave him and was going, oh, that's like more of a, that's technically a mouse that referred to colloquially. Yeah, that looks like a mouse to me. Cotton rat. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. A nice coat on. He's got a nice coat On. I can see maybe the baking soda expands quickly in the stomach or something and blows him up. Yeah. Okay. So may we, you know, it doesn't correction fart. Sorry. Spread mis info. Rats can fart mice cannot. I believe you. I believe you until Chris with the poop. But that still mice poop. So Exactly. Mice poop too. So mice, so mice can a rat, A rat evolved from the mouse and they were, they literally were like, that Was, it's time to fart. Yeah. It's time To fart. Sick of blowing the fuck up all the time outta nowhere thinking I'm just eating something Up.


Good for them. But Yeah, dude. And that way if your dog, my dog already got into rat poison once, So that way he, my dog ate that baking soda mixture. He's gotta farting dog. So to fart It out, you gotta Fart dog, because Jackson already was a farting dog. He's Already heavily fart. How much worse could he Get? Exactly. So, so yeah, I thought that was interesting. That's extremely interesting. So there we go. Mice can't fart. Rats can. It's crazy. Is there a reason why? Is there anything about why they can't fart? What, how could you not be able fart Probably goes of teeny tiny butthole. Yeah. Yeah. Who knows? A rat has just a big enough butthole to blow out a fart. Come mice can't fart. Yeah, it's true. But you'd think even just a, a mouse size poop of a Fart.


I know. You get out there. It's just gotta be the way their buy. Saudi Just can't, mice can fart. What? Mice can fart. Yeah. Sean just said they can't. Yeah. We gotta get Our, the misconception that mice can't fart likely stems from the ideas that they can't burp or vomit to release gas. Which is true. This is also ai. AI is, who knows? Could Be wrong. But I, I'll I'll let you know if any of 'em explode. So maybe they can farm. I think any other, it says like any mammal, they can PEs I think every mammal can fort. I can't believe they can't puke. How could you not puke? I feel like that's one of the most important things. Either anything can do. Stomach's just backwards. I don't know. Yeah. I have no idea. But it's like, if it goes in, the body's gotta be able to, like, we don't, we can't process this.


It's gotta come out. Yeah. It's actually a really terrible way to kill the guys. Apparently. It happens. It just is extremely painful for the boys. Hey man, it's painful seeing all your arugula just go up in one day. I hear You. After you fucking that hurts. I'm in an age old battle dude. Farmer verse vermin. I don't want to hear that shit. They're looking at 'em. Stabbing with a pitchfork. I Forgot. I forgot. You've had a, you've had a lifetime of torturing these fuckers. This is nothing to you. I used to go out with my dad and blow up the voles smoke. Put the smoke bomb. It'd be three holes, smoke bombs and two. And he would stand by the other hole with a nine millimeter and just fucking sock these things. Oh My God. Yeah. I watched my dad shoot a duck one time.


I saw his eyeball go flying. Oh no. Not a duck. Yeah, bro. He capped the duck. What, What were the, what were his duck? I know, man. Oh, it was the fox fucked it up and he was putting it out. It was mercy kill. Good. But he had to, he shirt up capped the duck the one time. Yeah, bro. People were getting fucking plugged up, dude. Yeah, I've seen a lot. I've seen a lot of murder, man. A lot of animal murder. Murder, murder. Inter Yeah. Inter species murder. One time he squished him. This was, this actually stuck with me. We were in a barn and like a mouse ran into the corner of the barn and he just like took a work boot and just squished it. And I was like, oh. I was like a little kid. I was like, damn, that's so fucked up. I could see myself getting to that zone real quick.


On a, on a farm. On a farm. Dude, My whole crap. Carrots. Yeah. Arugula, spinach. And I don't know what the other one was. Maybe leaks just decimated. All of 'em. Like two days. Those Fuckers. Yeah. I mean imagine if you came out and the mouse was like fucking with your Xbox all the time. You'd smoosh em with Yeah. Every morning half your Xbox was eaten. True. And you kept having a plant on your controller Boxes. Yeah. You'd have to kill him. Yeah, man. It'd be sad. But you'd be there, You'd have to bro my, you know, fuck. What's my family gonna do if the shit hits the fan? I'm gonna need half a pound of a rug. Dude, you Didn't eat it. I wanna do potatoes. That's, I wanna, I was gonna do the carrots to kind of test the soil and then hit it with potato.


I wanna do, do potatoes and garlic. Something I use a lot. I mean, you gotta get some tomatoes going too. I Don't really fuck with tomatoes, bro. They're so good. Nah, I, dude, I, I don't know what it is. I'll eat salsa. I like that. I'll eat tomato sauce if gimme a raw tomato. I've tried. Fresh Tomatoes are so Good. I've tried 'em so many times. They make me just want to throw up every time I try to bite a fresh tomato. I'm only, I know a lot of people like them. Yeah. Ugh. What about the little ones? Cherry tomatoes? Yeah. Ugh. Don't like them either. I hate tomatoes. Oh man. I can't stand 'em, my kids don't like eating 'em either. And I'm always like, yeah, dude, you guys are fucking right. Those suck. I fuck Those tomatoes, tomato tastes like shit. Even if I get a tomato chunk in my spaghetti sauce, I'm I'll like really Take, yeah. When I was a kid, For sure, when I was a kid, I did not like tomatoes.


Yeah, bro. She made chili recently and she used, like, it's, I'm such a psycho about it. If she makes spaghetti, I, I make her blend the sauce so there's no tomato chunks. Yeah. I get so skied out. How about Mushrooms? I'll, I don't like, I don't like mushrooms. I, I will eat. They're i'll. I've cooked lions, made mushrooms, but I like them. But if mu like buttoned mushrooms come in my dish, I'll send it back. Yeah. I don't like, like regular mushrooms. Lions made mushrooms by themselves. If you fry 'em up are actually pretty good. But other than that, I don't really fuck with that. Actually, I had a little in incident at a restaurant recently. I had to be like, bro, Uhuh Not for Me. Get these motherfucking mushrooms. It was mushrooms in my day. Did you put 'em to the side or did you send the whole thing back? I explicitly, if I don't know, there's mushrooms and I order 'em, I'll pick 'em out myself. But I explicitly, it was like no mushrooms and they came out with the mushroom.


I was like, bro, just try to dose me. Get these things Out here. Yeah, man. What y'all fools up to? I'm just thinking about your fast. Oh dude, I'd like to hear about It. Yeah, I just literally, I was So, I was telling you man, I think it's Autophagy or Autophagy. I don't know how you say it. If you don't eat for 24 hours, your body, I mean, first of all, you go into ketosis, so you're burning fat cells, you know, all that stuff. But after like, I think 24 hours of not eating any, you can't have anything. Yeah. Your body goes into Autophagy. So you start eating, your body starts like finding like old cells or any like, fucked up cells, I think even cancer cells. And it just munches 'em, it starts just cleaning the house of like anything in your body.


That's just time to go. Yes. And I did like 60, I think I did about like 60 hours of like a no food at all. Just water and coffee. Dude. It's, I'm gonna try to start doing it every Sunday, just 24 hours. Eat five, 6:00 PM on Saturday, Do You Know, doing standup and then wake up that morning just black coffee. And all you gotta do is make it to dinner time. It's not that hard to do 24 hours. It's getting awfully close to Judaism, bro. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What the fuck? Chris Was say, I just don't want, here's the thing, Chris, I don't want get old and have my kids be like, you didn't do everything you could to do to make it in the entertainment business. Why did you become junior?


You know, I just wanna do Everything. True. Dad. What the fuck? You are a Christian. Like A Dumbass. Well, I gotta do it on my terms. You're Slowly backing your way into, or, I mean, it's, it's kind of Muslim too, man, to not eat until sundown. It's, yeah. So I Raman You should just hit Ramadan. That's what I'm saying. I, I actually might do a Ramadan Just, no, I mean, when they do forking the road. Ooh. That'd be A nice man. See how it goes. I might actually, I, I've actually was always when I went to the, remember the Green Eggs Cafe in Philadelphia? Yeah. Come Ramadan. That was like a, like a kind of like gentrified, like hipster breakfast place that got just like swarmed with black Muslims.


Yeah. The black Muslims found out about it and every Ramadan would come in their gear and just shut it the fuck down. And I was always like so jealous. They had that like, not, not the breakfast place, but they had Ramadan. Yeah. It was always like, dude, I want that. I want like somebody to be taking me aside and be like, is There no water though too during the day? I don't know. There's no way. Dude, in Muslim countries they do no water. I swear that's cat. That's tur. That's turban. It ain't turban. That's turban. It ain't turban. I think you're not allowed to eat or drink while the sun's up. Really. I know. It's, it's Also they wake up early in the morning and They wake up before the sun comes up. Yeah. And then you eat a big breakfast. Yeah. But then yeah, you're not allowed to drink during what? I didn't know that. No water. I mean, unless you're sick or fucking traveling.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh shit, I didn't know that. Yeah, so the no water would really suck ass. Yeah. It's also, you can do like a no water fast too, like dry fasting that fucks you up. I've done 24 hours, no water whatsoever. And it's like, it's fuck. It's kind of, I I don't really recommend It. Yeah. Why'd you do that? I just See what happens. I just say it's like a similar thing. It's like, good for you just to dry out for a second. You do get kind of like cut too. If you go no water for 24 hours, you're it's as ripped as you can possibly get. Yeah, yeah. In that timeframe. But dude, I did 60 hours of fasting. I had a good like three days or so in Autophagy. So I'm like feeling pretty good. Your mind, you get like, you do get like mental benefits. Yeah. Like you're just calm. You are like, you're a little tense from not eating.


Like is it that makes your body produce cortisol. But like, dude, if say like, just say you're like in the kitchen with your wife first thing in the morning. You don't really love her attitude or whatever. Yeah. She won't start. And like, you're just like, you're, it's like irritating you. She's talking to you and you're going auto pH's in complete control. Normally the cells that would make me yell right now, I've been consumed by auto pH. But there's something, it does something to your mind and you're, you're kind of able to like, just kind of like you got A bigger fish to fry. You're hungry as You are. Hungry as fuck. It's true. It's hungry. It's true. And you're like, how could you possibly be making me think about this? Like, I haven't eaten in two Fucking days, bro. I'm starving. Can imagine. I Support you doing your juice fast. Can you imagine if a woman did this?


I was Trying to, I was trying to talk to about it. You can't, can't do it. They Will kill you. They would for real Hour or two. That's, I know. I haven't tried. We don't have Anything made the house 'cause of you. You Motherfucker. What that shit Ibotta. Yeah, you're right. My bad for eating that. Oh My. All that shit. You were gonna leave in Fridge My stuff. Yeah. I mean, my thing that I is mine, That meal, you would've left in the fridge for seven days and thrown it out. Yeah. I'm sorry I ate that man, my bad. On day five. I And it sounds like you didn't waver. I would've wavered. I would've wavered pretty quick. Dude. I was making breakfast for the family in the morning, So I was like two days in, 48 hours in just fri you get, When you were making breakfast, were you kind of like, God damn, I'm in complete control? Yes. Yeah. I, I've, I've, I didn't, I made pancakes one time and that like really fucked me up.


Like, fuck, you just want a bite. You have to have a a bite buddy. You know me, you know, to have a, a bite. I just want a buddy dude. I gotta test them to see if my recipe's still hitting it. I a little bit of The batter on finger. You can bite. Dude, that doesn't count. Yes it does. It doesn't count. You Won't be an automated, But you could Still be have a full, you can have seven pancakes. It doesn't count. 18 pancakes, Autophagy, keto. And then, you know, you get back down to it. But dude, I, it was sick man. I'm gonna try to Did You jack off? Did I jack Off? Yeah. During the fast I got carjacking off. Did this lead to the hunger strike? No, no, no, no. I got caught like eight hours into the fast jacket off of the shower. Oh no, You can't be, you can't be hungry.


You know I spun, I spun it though. Yeah. You said I gotta get everything out dude. I just trying to be Polite. I don't wanna bother you. I spun it into some a ZZ spun. Oh, nice wizardry. Yeah. Yeah. I just trying to be polite. Didn't wanna Bother you. You are not allowed to eat the pussy. Didn't. You're fasting. You know a muscle bro. You know I'm a Muslim brother. No, Nah. Yeah. It was, it was, we were getting around that time of, and you know that my Muslim brothers back in the day would've put her in her separate quarters too. Yeah. So she was, she was nearing that crucial time. It's crazy. Women spent half of their life pre menopause or, or their period, half their life. They're rocked from a period.


Yeah. Two weeks outta the month, bro. It's crazy. What are we doing with science, dude? I don't know. I think they have figured out a way to get Rid of birth control, but that makes them like weirder in another way. Yeah. Yeah. Makes 'em poison dude. They're kind of fucked dude. Yeah. Like I'm that book, I'm reading about the girls disappearing and the men disappearing from the girls. Yeah. It makes you like it. It is a thing. Like, dude, it would be so sad if all the girls disappeared. That's the whole point. It's like, it'd be so sad even though like they're on some bullshit a lot of The time. Yeah. Think about like year, year two. They do come out with the sex robots in the book. It's really funny. You too. Come on man. Yeah. They'd be, the sex robots came out pretty quickly.


You can pull, you can plug. This was written like the fifties. Yeah. That would plug them into the wall, keep 'em hot. All the women disappeared. There would be Yeah, that Kennedy speech. Why choose to go to the moon? Watch, choose this as all go. It would be Oh yeah. The speed at which sex robots Would be Oh Yeah. Up to speed is unbelievable. Yeah. We'd be like, Elon, stop with all the fucking spaceships and shit. He needs to stop anyway. Dude, I'm fed, I'm fed up dude. Fuck. I'm sick of it. Dude. King nerd. King Altus. Although Kanye's claiming autism too, now it's kind the power move. If you're a billionaire, be like, oh, by the way, I'm autistic. So if I do like no. Kanye claimed autism when he first got in trouble.


Did he with a, he was a Jewish doctor. There was a clip during that time. He is wearing like a ski mask and a bubble vest. Just like, I don't know, I might be autistic. He was like, Yeah bro. Or he got dinged up in that car accident. His head. Yeah. True. I think it's his head from the car accident. That's fair. That's a good point. CT Kind of got a little rowdy ever since then. That makes sense. But that was right when he got famous too, so who knows. Yeah. It's hard to say. It is A nice move. Fame in a, in a wild traumatic brain injury will that'll lead you to Hitler. True. Eventually you go fucking Hitler's Cool. Truly the forbidden fruit. It's Bryce Mitchell. Yeah. I saw Bryce Mitchell.


Bryce Bryce came out. Yeah. It's so funny for Dana it Wasn't upsetting. It's embarrassing how? Yeah. Yeah. That was an embarrassing Moment. It's so funny for Dana White having to like corral a bunch of UFC fighters press like releases. It's so funny. Like, Dana, what do you think about the guy who thinks Hitler's cool? He is gotta be like, which one are you talking about? I have, yeah. Yeah. I have 10 of those guys fighting Each other. Yeah. There's a lot of them Press. He was like, I Yeah, I saw it. It was great. He was like, he's the dumbest guy I've ever talked to. Yeah. He was like, I know. It's actually a nice fucking, that's a good thing to have your boss go out and be like, look, he's a fucking moron. I'm not gonna fire him. He's a dumb ass. Yeah, he did. Who cares.


I mean, he's a classic. He's a classic victim to a YouTube documentary. Watched it and was like, oh my god, I'm the carrier of the truth. I must, Yeah. I mean that clip started these like, 'cause I've done my own research, not what the government indoctrinated me with. It just happened in Dan Bilzerian didn't it? Didn't Bazarian's been on it. He's been on that. He's Israel Palestine kicked it off. Okay. And he's, he's been real Israel Palestine took a nasty little turn for me last night. What happened? I was watching the live, I watched the Netanyahu Trump press conference live. Yeah, you better get your boy in check. Dude. What Happened? Who's, well first of all, who's my boy? If you say Netanyahu, I'm gonna flip the table. No, no, no, No. You are Starting to fast on Sundays.


That's it. That enough. We're talking about your homeland. Fastest is all we talking about your homeland Fair. That's fair. That's fair. That's fair. That is my leader. Netanyahu will like it or not, you know. No, Your boy Donny T got a little, he said we're gonna just take over Gaza. Yeah. In a press con. He was like, America's just gonna take over Gaza and we're gonna make it really nice. We're gonna make it the riviere of the Mediterranean. Oh Yeah. I saw something. I guess the Rivieres on the Mediterranean. I saw the ex. I know what you mean though. I saw the ex about that. About how No, I watched him say it. Really? Yeah. He was like, we're just gonna take over Gaza and it's Gonna be nice. And they're like, what about all the people there he is like, they're not gonna be there. We're gonna make 'em go to Jordan and Egypt and then they can come back.


It'll be nice. It's like, hold Up. What if it does kind of rule when they come back? Like you come back. Long, Long thought of it. Just a gravitron on the beach. Yeah. You go. It's better. Little Couple slingshot. I just standing there doing some soul searching. Maybe it was fucking pirate going like this and mini golf. I agree. But That's pretty with their socks. What the fuck is he talking about? No water socks. No, this is American territory now. Damn. Also too, it's Ramadan. You're on the water slide. You gotta keep your lips per, I Think they're swim in full fucking white pajamas. I think so. They Might. Yeah. Yeah. I think so.


Yeah. That's pretty, that's pretty wicked man. Yeah, It's crazy. You kick them off and then, you know, 'cause then it's like you get down to like, well, who's like, he started it. It's like, well, you know, let's just assume you guys both committed sins being like, yo, we're gonna make, it's funny to be like, we're going to, you know, essentially genocide and war and then be like, but it's gonna be so sick when we're done. I know. It's gonna be just so cool. It's like he was, he did it. He just has the most basic ideas that technically he's like, we can't go back to what we're doing 'cause it's not gonna work if we just go with the two state solution right now. It's gonna be a war again. Yeah. And then, I mean, I don't know One cool state, But it was, it was bad. Yeah. I wish he didn't say that.


Yep. He's always been down. Trump's been down with Israel since day one. There's no, yeah, it's no fool. And if you do, I don't think there's a politician in America that's not Yeah. Yeah. Other than, yeah, Bernie, it's Bernie. Not Bernie's, obviously Bernie Sweet swag. Yeah. Bernie's Obviously He's conflicted. Omar think conflict. Omar, I, whatever the lady's name is. Yeah, she's The squad's. Anti Sio. Yeah, sio. But my, yeah, I don't know man. I mean, here's the thing. They have been fighting each other forever. It is none of my business Thing. That's truly none Of my business. That is my opinion. It's none of my business. Let's stay outta this.


It's none of my business. I'll never go there to either place. So you know. You don't know that yet. I know if Trump turns that thing around. Yeah, True. Oh, like a Dubai like cruise. You can go to Dubai and then there. Damn. I can get my Instagram like fucking turban. Like chic shot. It Is now. Now this is all making sense. This is a really small area and it could get it done. Yeah. But you know it would, Where are they gonna go Though? You have to displace 2 million people. Where are they going? Didn't they already like bomb that whole area though? Or they Killed a lot? Yeah, the whole thing's fucked. It would be nuts if all the tunnels turned into like cool Rides. Dokey Kong rollercoasters Shit. Minecart. Rollercoasters. Yeah. I thought subterranean, Subterranean log flu.


See you. Like you see a light like oh, like well Shit, the fuck is up. You might hit some Jewish tunnels as well. True. They might. What if they ever bump into each other underground? Probably. These Are hard titles. Yeah. Once once. Little baking soda down there. Oh my God. Chris. Chris. Yo Chris. I knew you were right wing When you grew that goatee. Dude, I knew you were right. I'm sorry. I Knew you were right wing. I'm Sorry. Yo, he funny. No, that's rats.


I didn't Yeah, you did. Wasn't Fair. Wasn't Think can fart. I don't know. Wasn't Jews. Jews can fart. Jews can hit you. I'll say it's not a good, it is not a good, if you're like part of a group that like has to travel secretly underground, it's not a good look. It is about, look, no matter how you slice it, the cartels Super Jews and Muslims, Sometimes there's cool ones. Yeah. You know, like French resistance. Okay. Occupied Germany. No. Yeah, you're right. But it's still, you know what I mean? But for the most part, yeah, it's, It just, all I'm saying is it means you got a lot of drama going on. There's a lot of drama on the surface. You don't want that shit if, if your drama's so intense that you can't be on the surface of the earth, You're Fucking, you're in trouble.


You if the surface is too hot, you have to go on the ground for a few. Yeah Bro, You use that much smoke. It sucks dude. The ops are everywhere. Yeah, true. Did Trump talk about how Oppy it was Over there? He said it was, he said it's been real oppy outside. He said he checked the weather. It's getting real oppy outside in Gaza. Yeah. I mean, dude, my thing is like, I get it. It's not right. They went through and like, like, you know, they got attacked. That sucks. I'd be pissed if I was in Israel. I'd be like, fuck you. They attacked me. Yeah. If someone tried to do like the take away the terrace hunting permits after nine 11, you'd be like, get the fuck. Get fucked dude. Yeah. So I get that. But it's like, yeah, once you run up the score so hard it's like, I mean we kind of did it. We did this.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We, I don't know if it was as concentrated. I don't know. It wasn't there. But Yeah, I don't think we were bombing civilians at such a high rate. Yeah, true. Well, I mean, yeah. Hopefully we're at least trying not to do that. But yeah, dude, they Say they're not, I just hope they stop it. Dude. I hope the fucking, you know, resort that's crazy to come out with it and be like, the resort's gonna be so fucking sick. I know. He was like, I mean, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna say the wrong thing, but it's gonna be so nice. Did he, he literally, he was of course the people. But also it's gonna be so nice. Dude, I watched the whole thing. He's nuts. I mean, it's fun to watch if he's not talking about genocide, you know, kind of a genocide. Yeah. If he's not talking about ethnic cleansing, it's really fun.


Yeah. I mean he might just be the ultimate optimist. He's being really optimistic about It. Those really rose tinny glasses came like, look guys, I know this is sad. You know, you're seen the footage, but yeah. What was the plan for getting him Out By boat? He wouldn't really answer. Yeah. He's, because Jordan and Egypt both said they wouldn't take Palestinian and he was like, I bet they will. So that was his answer for that. I mean he's That's a fair point. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, yeah. But dude, they're gonna attack the park. They're gonna attack the park If you build, if you build a sick fucking park, They're gonna attack the cool Park. Yeah. Attack's. Getting the park's getting fucked up. I would not, I'm not going to The Six Flags in Gaza.


No. Getting attacked while you're on a rollercoaster. Not for me, dude. You're just cooling in a lazy river. Peeing in a lazy river, dude. Just drunk peeing in a lazy river. Yeah. Nah, not, not happening. We'll see. Maybe in 50, maybe they're thinking about like in 50 years or so. But I'm, Yeah, it would take at least, yeah, it would take forever. Yeah. But I'll say occupying a six flag with your boys would be sick taking it over. Fuck yeah. There's footage of that like of like when the Taliban came back, they got a hold of some, remember that they were riding like duck boats and ponds and shit. Yeah, they're dancing. Yeah. Helicopter Did like a good time.


AK 40 sevens in duck boats. Te Paddle. Yeah, teacup. They're having a good Time. We've left an amusement vacuum in the Middle East. It's Our vacuum. So somebody awful is gonna get on this ride. The games are frankly impossible. And I think they're rigged. Yeah. But he was talking about sending our, our boys over there. Nah, no, can't do it. No. What are we talking about? Yeah. That's why he, the whole point of electing him was to not send our guys overseas. I know. That'd be some Dave Fucking 20. He's supposed to be peacemaker, dude. I know, I know. Mexico now is sending people to the border to like Yeah.


Secure it. Yeah. I mean he's a peacemaker, but his heart, He's a real estate developer, you know, and you gotta That's, That was the take I heard. See a good piece of property. That was the take I heard on X. It's for real what he's talking about. He's like, it's the best piece of property in the world. All the mistakes he made in Atlantic City will be undone in the Caza strip. I mean he couldn't For real. There is, that's the other part. Like, I was like, I was watching it and I was like, no. Yeah, don't say that. You fucking idiot. And then I went and floated in my pool. I was like, damn, if he fucking gets peace in the Middle East and a sick ass fucking Like a Sandal just, and a thing that America owns, like, he was like, we're not gonna give it up.


It's something we can, it's, it would just be a territory or something. Hear me out. Hold on. Now if America steps in and goes, it's neither viewers. All right, well No, that's for real. What the plan is. Yeah. But seeing, seeing Netanya can't sitting right next to him, like, You know, that's a Bad sign. Yeah. It's definitely yours. Yeah. Yeah. True. It's definitely not Absolutely just holding Like a sex tape behind his back. Yeah, Yeah. It's yours. Here's a video of you and a child we got at Epstein's house. Are you sure that's yours? And we're gonna lease that off you for a very Reasonable, right. Yeah dude. Dude, I Gimme the Panama Canal though. Give it back.


Yeah, that's ours. Gibbs, did you ever get into, I, I could be wrong about this, but did you know like the Panama Canal? Like apparently there was like, people were just like machine gunned off of that land before that became a thing. That makes sense. I've heard it. That was like a ruthless One. Yeah. Before We Built it. Yeah, I Think, I think the Panamanians went in there and got a little rowdy on 'em. Yeah, I Think so. And then we were like, thanks fellas. Thanks guys. Now our ships can go this way. Yeah. Pretty ruthless. Yeah. You get 1% of every ship that Thanks for committing an atrocity on our behalf. Needed to be done though. I could be wrong about that, but I've heard, I think Spud told me Spud was like the Panama Canal was bloody. Yeah. And I, how many people died making, it wasn't, didn't like everyone die.


Yeah, they, they were all getting sick. They were, I think there was like a lot of malaria kinda stuff going on. I know they had to send a guy down to be like, All right, we're not doing anything until we get some tents with mosquito nets going Five to 30,000 people. How many? 25 to 35 died making the canal. Yeah. Most Were they mostly Panamanian dangerous commissions? Were they Pana? Mancs. But what was the average, what was the average savings On transporting goods? Oh yeah, Chris, now we're talking money over human lifes and I love it. You know, Fair point. That'd probably, No, but it's the nice idea to be like, oh, we should give it to Panama.


It's in their land or whatever. China just immediately took it over soon as we were like Panama. You can have it contracts straight to China. What? Yeah bro. Yeah. That's some bullshit. Dig that back. There We go. Give it back. We built it. Yeah. Come on. It's Gulf of America and the American Canal. Gulf of America. Which didn't sound as embarrassing until he was like, Gaza is ours too. You go God dammit. Dude, I thought you were just being funny. Apparently they really changed it. It is the Gulf of America. Yeah, I, I mean I guess that's just on our Maps. Google Maps has to do it. Oh, Google did Google's gonna do it. Yeah, True. It makes literally no difference at all. Yeah, that's right. Is yeah. Do you have to file like a formal, is there like a Document? I think he just signed to the, probably on the desk where he, yeah, That's So America fucking funny.


Done Next. Didn't he sign like Bills in an arena? I heard he did a thing in an arena where he signed bills in an arena. It's just so fucking funny. Dude. The marker comes down from the ceiling boxing announcer. Yeah, it's getting wild.


Dude. Have better sex with Blue Chew. Blue Chew was the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. Only for sexual activities. Only for sexual activities. Bre is putting its money not for doctor's visits. Bre is putting its money where mouth is And offering you a month. Sorry, I got like completely fucked up. Yeah. Blue Chew is putting its money where its mouth is and offering you a month free. The process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. Blue Chew tablets are made in the U S A and prepared and shipped directly to your door. You can make them, you can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever an opportunity arises. Ooh. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. Personal experience. I've, I've taken 'em. Got a giant rock hard boner. Did you really? Yep. I've heard people say it's the hardest they've ever gotten. Yeah. It was the hardest I've ever gotten. That's Sick. That's what we need. That's what we need. Make life easier by getting harder and discover. I would've had a daughter put it. Let's put it that way. Make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options@bluechew.com and we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of Blue Chew free visit blue chew.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.


Nice.


It's time for my favorite part and yours of the show. PrizePicks, the big game is almost here and it's now or never. Don't miss out on la. The last football game of the season with PrizePicks the best place to win cash right now. PrizePicks is giving away free Patrick Mahomes pick. He only needs to throw one yard on Sunday to win your pick. If you're correct on at least one other stat projection, you can win real cash. It's that easy. Whoa. Let me talk you through it. I just hop on the app and I'll obviously pick the Mahomes free pick. Well, I ain't, and then we all know I shared my secret that I ha I make the best picks or I make my picks BA based on the best looking players. So I'll tack on Saquon Barkley because duh, those legs don't miss to score one touchdown and I'll add Jalen Hertz the best looking quarterback with the shiniest chain in the league to score one touchdown. Then submit my lineup in your iconic Trump voice. Boom. Done. Easy as that. Fly Eagles fly. Join me in the fun this Sunday we're gonna have big runs, big scores and obviously big buckets of Bruce skis. You can't forget the brew skis and hopefully big win on PrizePicks combine up to six picks. Picks are what the chiefs will be throwing all day to create your lineup and you can win up to a thousand times your money instantly. Real players, real sports, real cash. With over 10 million members and billions paid out in winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. It's the simplest way to win money in over 30 states, including California, Texas and Georgia. What do you think of that, Chris? That's Pretty good. What do you think about them sexualizing those two black Backpack. I like sexualizing them. Yeah. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly when you pay, when you play $5, that's code drenched on PrizePicks to get $50 instantly. When you play $5 win or lose, you get 50 bucks just for playing guaranteed price picks. Run your game. Woo. Must be present in certain states. Vincent PrizePicks dot com for restrictions and details.


Wow. Great. Daniel Beach, Florida, please come. It'll be too late by by the time you see this, But you better get the fuck outta there, Danny. You get there and go to Matt McCusker dot com for tickets for all the other places. Thank You. Manchester, England, St. Pete, Las Vegas younger d.com. Thank You. God Bless you. That was unfortunate timing for the anti DEI people. Oh yeah. The helicopter pilot. Yeah. Dude, that was pretty well, dude. I was like talking about this yesterday. So there was like, Trump side was like, well you guys did all this DEI bullshit. That's why we have a helicopter crash into the plane. And they were like, well, Trump allegedly, they're saying he dis disbanded the head of the FAA and then like that's why things are crashing.


But I'm like, bro, you're telling me the guy, there's a multi-thousand person organization that if you remove the president planes start crashing. Like how the fuck does that work? Yeah, that's not, it makes no sense. No, it definitely doesn't make sense. Yeah. It's like, They're like, well he, he did that and it fucked everything up. Yeah. It's like, bro, please, that footage is weird too, bro. It's weird footage. And then and they they were talking to him, right? But then, and they tried To go like, Hey, I heard they went quiet for a while. Yeah, yeah. The helicopter was quiet. I heard, I don't know if this is true. Someone told me that helicopter was, was Black Ops, like, not like trying to hit the plane. That's what I was saying. They're like, that was like part of a black op operation. Like, you gotta land the Blackhawk and restart your headset. It's a black helicopter checks out. So I don't know. Why would it be Black ops?


I don't know. There was like running a drill of like how to like transport people. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like it was part of like a thing that wasn't like tapped in with the FA. Yeah, That makes sense. They were talking to him though. I Yeah. Listen to the audio on Jones and What, what was it? They were like, yo, what you doing? Chill. They were just kind of like, Hey. Yeah, what you doing? Like four minutes Before they hit they were like, Hey, you're fuck you doing? What are you doing? Yeah. They're like, the plane has the right way. You gotta chill. Yeah. How the fuck did that happen at the end of the, the plane crash in Philly? That was crazy, dude. I had to fly that weekend. I was shitting my You fly Last week I had to fly the next day. I had to Fly the next day. We were, we were on a plane just going, if it goes down like that though, those people didn't feel a fucking thing that was a missile.


They passed out in the sky for sure. That thing was going fucking 9 million miles an hour. I actually saw A video of one of the guys like walking out on a fire. Oh yeah, I saw that. Who? One of the Guys from the crash Philly just got crashed. No, he didn't survive the crash. That was Somebody got hit, he got Crashed on. Yeah, he got hit with a debris. Yeah. If that guy survived that plane crash and walked out, that's that's a superhero dude. Beast. You saw a superhero. Oh, because you got, did you see how fast that thing Went down? Yeah. That was a bomb Mid, It like blew up in the air. Yeah, it was going too fast. We finally found unbreakable. I mean, No, that everyone was way dead on that plane.


The fucking explosion was crazy. Yeah. All that in one week was like, what the Fuck? Yeah. It was scary getting on a plane And it was, it's crazy to be, yeah, Dude. That's when I took to the bottle on the flight back. I bet. And it was a bad, bad Monday. Really great Sunday on the flight back. Yeah. At least you didn't Crash. True. Fucking you get enough vodka up there you go, fuck I fucking You start manifesting a safe landing. Manifesting a safe Landing. You just manifested a safe landing. Yeah, I would. I was scared. I I had to fly, do like connections and it was just like four flights total on a weekend. I was just like, bro, please for love of God. Yeah. Feel a little turbulence. You go, yep, here it is. They got me. Fuck. Fuck.


We saw some eagles. That was nice. Yeah, we took a bus from what Seattle to Vancouver. We drove there, or Vancouver to Seattle. Saw like 10, 10 bald eagles. What? Like an actual flock of bald eagles? Yeah. It was awesome. It was pretty Nice. Fucking sick. I told my lady about it and she was like, oh, is this like when you saw the drone? I was like, oof. It's like you saw the drone with me. Are you telling me you were lying? Whoa. That's crazy. Yeah. That was fucked up was, yeah. You saw the drone. I Saw the drone. The drone was there. It was a real drone. Yeah. Yeah. I even called Chris a week later to go, did you actually think it was a drone or were you just being nice to me? When I said it was a drone, he was like, what the fuck are you talking about? I was like, All right, just making sure you weren't just being nice because I've been running my mouth about this drone.


I've been sitting out in that fucking pool every night going, well, dude, it was not that Far. If it was a jet, it would be like, It was, it was the water would be moving. Yeah, it was low. That is my, that is my dad's main affliction though. It's like, think he's seeing birds of prey. I mean like, that's a hawk right up there and it's just a fucking like transmitter on a power line pro. It's Just No, these were very clearly bald eagles and thank God they, I believe You are tons of witnesses as, But You gotta watch as an old white guy. You'll start hallucinating birds, break Birds of prayer. Nice. My Dad happens to my dad all the time. It's so funny. That's a, that's a Cooper tail hawk right there. Anyway, that's, it's a piece of metal on top of power line dude. It's not a fucking, It's a crow. S a crow. It's black.


I will say Turkey buzzers will get you make Some Hawks. Turkey buzzards. I can spot a Turkey buzzer. Yeah. Yeah. I Can get those Guys. I'd like to think I just Get tricked by the Turkey buzzards all the time. The Turkey vultures have those little tiny heads. It's pretty easy. Big As hell though. When they land, they're, you get close 'em. They're enormous. They're they're bigger than hawks. They're too big, Big way bigger. I'm, I'm good with hawks. I'm I'm, How exciting is it though, when you really see one and then it Lands? They're in my backyard every day in Westchester. So sick. There's like four of 'em that were in these trees. Right by me. There was a big ass owl. What that would hoot at night. Did you get full shot of the wingspan? Who? Yeah. No, it was kind of unnerving. Dude, I, when I first moved here in Austin, I weirdly, like my second week, I was just taking a walk at nighttime and I saw this giant bird on this little fence and I'm like, what the fuck is that?


Dude? It was an owl. Spread its wings. It was like four feet from me. I watched the full wingspan and flew away and I was just like, I haven't seen it since. That's awesome, man. It was so fucking sick. It's Good luck. It was, Did you ever see that that thing where they like, they have a, they record the audio of birds flying? No, Just like Across a room. Yeah. And they're like, you can hear 'em all and then the owl flies and it's just Whoa. Whisper quiet. Yeah. You can't hear his wings. Really? Yeah, it's pretty sick. There's an animal that lives on this roof that occasionally just sprint. Sounds like it has two legs. It sounds like a guy. Sprints Across the fire probably. It is huge. Dude. I had a kuo on my, It sounds Like you sound like a person on your roof, dude. And then it'll just stand still for three days.


And then three days. You've heard this fucking thing. Just sprints across the roof. You Shit at, at nighttime or the day during the daytime or nighttime? All Time. Anytime, bro. Okay. He's got no, he's got no clock Because I had a raccoon on my roof. And that thing is night time. You, you think it'd just be at nighttime, man. It would get Active at nighttime and it's like it, So I genuinely thought there was a human being on my roof and I like put my head out the window, window find, I'd like to be find, I'd be able to see up there. I wanna see that guy. I'm gonna need to get a drone. His days are numbered. There's no way he can do this summer on the roof up There. He's sprinting up there. I think he just goes into that tree. Yeah. It Kind of Touches the roof. True. Just kind of choke. But he comes up here, cools Out up there. Yeah. Damn. You've heard them Sprint. The big boy. Yeah.


He's fucking huge. He's gonna, I'm the leg gonna come through the ceiling while he's, he's gonna be wearing shoes. Start giving him food And stuff. I'll toss some dogs up there tos some hot dogs To some dogs, dude. Yeah. See how many animals I can get living up there. Just keep throwing food up There. I, I told you, I put, I put that compost out too early without breaking it down enough. And I literally brought a world of rabbit and then stray cats into my garden. It was fucking kind Of sick. True. You gotta get, get a cat. I, dude, I have a, I have a one that just walks around. I have a black cat and it comes in my Backyard. Oh yeah. Fuck That thing up. It just hunts. They can't catch my dogs Can't catch it. Totally. No, you cannot catch that cat can jump on onto The top of The fence. Yeah. It's like, not even close, but yeah.


I have that cat haunts the mice in my dude. We had something that was killing animals around this house. We would hear it all the time. You remember like in the middle of the night, you'd just be like, Like Right here. That's Raccoons. That's definitely Raccoons. I thought it was possums. Raccoons. Raccoons have screaming Chet at night. Do they really? Yeah. I remember in Philly, when I was living in West Philly, they would scream at each other on, on rooftops Brawl Scream. Yeah. Don't what? They were hooting and hollering. Yeah. We identified. I Just looking for, we got eyes.


I just brushes them off and pours through the Bri. It's just Forrest Gump. I know. That's not me. That's Dom ax. That's not me. That's How's Hank doing? But In West, he's doing good. Dude. Good Sick. He's been cleared of being a pedophile. People were calling him a pedophile for while he's not, he's not. Did I get caught off in the craze? Perhaps he's like, McCarthy is, I Might've got caught in That craze. Not pedophile. Maybe Oprah's not Someone in the replay review. Yeah. Turns out Tom Hanks not a Pedophile.


We're going, not a pedophile. Turns out Oprah. Perhaps not a pedophile either. We'll see. Yeah. True. Yeah, that find out. They're still in the film room on Big Mike right now. They're Still, they're still analyzing going to New York. They're going, they're going to the headquarters. Calling up Toronto. Candace Owens just put out like a for real documentary or maybe produced it. I don't know. I I just saw something with she was attached to that of Macron's wife. Oh. Being like, this is a dude. Like we're, I know we all like around That one actually. Could be. Yeah, I know, but it's fucking either way. How much older? Wasn't it like his teacher? Yeah, She had time. She had a lot of time. She had time. Fucking do what she needed to.


Do you Ever take a look at Macron's wife? Not a good one. I, when I learned she was older, I kind of like researched briefly, but then I, a guy fell into one of Candace Owens videos. They, They hooked her up with, He's like, good picture. Candace Owens is pushing hard. That Macron's wife is indeed a guy. And it's not like we all have fun with Big Mike. Obviously I could see Candace. I could see Candace also being She's, she's gone down a couple rabbit holes pretty hard. Yeah. Nevermind. Macron's wife. What you think? Careful time will tell No. Well, we'll see if I got tricked here, it could happen to anybody. I mean, if the president of France got Fred Geese. Fred Ge. Lemme see if the president of France, actually I have my phone right here.


Huh? Ly came to Sew him. What the fuck are you trying to say? Just slip it. I, I'm, I'm with Guardini. I think Candace my secret. Think Macron's wife. Looks like Candace Owens a little bit. Yeah. Let me see this bro. Candace Owens, yo wife. If MCC Macron's wife was Candace Owens. Macron's Wife is 71. Whoa. Yeah. Wait, how old's he? 50? Oh shit. 47. Yeah. She, she 71 Way older than two. His fucking like teacher when he was real young. Like he was like 12. Whoa. Very French. Very French. Teach mama. She was 39. He was 15. Oh, Whoa. I mean, yeah. True.


Kind of sick. I mean, to keep the thing going. Kinda weird in school sick. Although if you're just tapping into that like magical moment. Yeah, man. I mean, dude, look it, look, look, again, this is not my business either. If the guy's wife is a dude, that's their business. And if not, that's a vicious rumor that needs to be stopped. What if, what if she's a dude, but he just doesn't know. Yeah. Just 40 years of I don't feel like it tonight. Yeah. Yeah. What the hell? Also very French. Although the fact that the teacher, you know, was romantic towards him wouldn't, like, doesn't that kind of throw a, a monkey wrench into the story?


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like in the seventies, you're telling me in the seventies or whenever that was, there was a trans teacher in France that was like huffing the kids' birds and nobody, nobody knew about that. That's what the movie 400 Blows is about. I know France is like a very romantic place, but it's like you think he is. He often the romance, It's trans teacher hopping on boots. She just hits you with one of those French accordions and you're like, what the fuck's happening? He is That crime. He's so French. He was a, he was a minor. Macron has described it as a love, often clandestine, often hidden, misunderstood by many before imposing itself. That's so what a sexy thing. What French fuck.


Weird though. It's not sexy show. So sexy. I hate fucking dudes being sexy Fucking Pisses me off every time. Dude, Imagine he's not as, as he got molested by Augustine 40-year-old lady when he was 12. He did Get molested when he was Born. That would turn you into a hopeless romantic. I've seen it go the other way. But yes, I've seen it go the other way. A lot of times just the, just the women to male student. Obviously the other one would be truly a tragedy. That's not cool at all. It's more clandestine. Not romantic. Not Romantic. Those dudes are not that clandestine man. They're just firing all pets. They're so fucking lame. Willy nilly. It's crazy.


Which the French, we were watching, we were watching some Catch a Predator. We were watching Catch a Predator With throwback actions. You See the clip I sent you where the guy was like BB cream pie, talking about a bareback cream pie. Just like, bro, I think that is just like the absolute seventh level of hell at the bottom of a porn hole is just, you're just talking to Chris Hansen like, how the fuck did I get here? Yeah, you just go deep. You may ask yourself, Huh, How did I Get here? That Is not my text message. That is not my beautiful text. I just remember one guy being crazy for the Nats. He was a Nationals baseball fan. His username was crazy for the Nats.


And he's on there like, yeah, I'll fucking DHA your pussy. Crazy. The Nat almost on the way to the Nats. It's almost more embarrassing than the text. Yeah. Crazy. Is your name crazy for the fucking nationals? No. Did you text this kid? Yeah, I did. I did. That is not my fucking screen Name. That's my brother's screen name actually. That's my brother's name. It was me trying to have sex with a kid. But that's my brother's screen name. I, So I clear the record. I wonder if the Nats have banned him from the stadium. I don't know. They let Obama in and he sucked. He seemed to have kept it of age.


I think so. Yeah. Barry. Yeah. As long. Yeah. I mean for sure the emails about hot dogs are weird but True. I forgot about the hotdog emails. That nuts. Dude. What's going on with the hotdog bro? There was hot dogs walnuts. That was like, that was like Prime Pizzagate Q stuff. Yeah, I remember like just really, I had Q drops on my phone and I'd be like, oh shit. It'd be like a picture of like a plain bathroom. I'd be like, what Is gonna come next? What could, what could this be? They had me on the line for a little bit and then I was just like, I can't, this stuff's too hard to follow. I don't know any senators names. Yeah, I didn't know any People were talking about, You know, John Podesta's going down today, you know? Yeah. That's wrong. His a Good get him. I was just, I for real for a minute. I truly did think that Hillary Clinton Might Oh, Podesta.


I think that was a real one. Yeah. He's got, apparently, allegedly he is got some weird artwork, But you never know. You know, you don't know. What's the Pizzagate thing was hot dog orders right at, well there was the pizza place itself. Right. Which was like tied to something. I, he Was listening to warm out today about it. The what? They were fired off It. Were they fired off about the pizza gate? Yeah. Yeah. They maintained pizza. Gates never been debunked. Well the guy went in there with a gun, right? Yeah. And apparently he shot, I don't know. I don't know. I'm getting it from war mode. True shot. Like the, his one shot went into the hard drive of the, I don't fucking know Really? But I think that guy just got killed. Did He really? I Think, yeah. Some cops rolled up on him and they were like, oh, he is got a gun and executed him.


What? Just a pile of hot dogs around him? Well, no, the the email that supposedly got leaked was like, we're gonna need, it was like walnuts where apparently little black boys, hot dogs were like white kids. And there was like term for like girls and there was just this weird email that was sent allegedly. It could, again, it could be fake, but it was like, we need 60 walnuts and like 40 hot dogs. And then you tie into like the Haiti stuff. Yeah. People are like, oh, we love this hot, the hot dogs you guys have. Yeah. Yeah. S Like it'd be like Ellen talking to like Diddy like, oh, when are we gonna have another pizza party? Yeah. The fuck are you guys talking? It's called a wild, it's called a Wild King night, by the way. Although Sandler was on one of those clips I saw saying they have the best pizza parties in. It's like, bro, I know the Sandmans and I'm involved.


No way. So they're just legit talking. Pizza parties Could be them getting down the, They can't be the Sandman. Zahs different. Get down Za. They Could trick cool guys. They could bring the Sandman in and go. We actually are having pizza parties talk about the pizza party. True. Is There Any footage of them actually having pizza parties at this pizza place? And are they the best pizza parties? I don't know. I Don't know. I feel like you kind of ate, you'd have Army had like a real good pizza party. I just, there's a pizza party I'm leaving there. Just, That's that's a good Pizza party. That's a terrible pizza party. Wait, so Sandman, was that at presidential pizza parties? Sandman, I think saw a, I saw a clip of the sand man. I think he was on Allen talking about how good the pizza parties were.


Crazy. Yeah. I don't know. But it, it could be them eating pizza for sure. But also there'd have to Be others. It'd have to be like a pinata and some other thing to justify that type of excitement over a pizza party. True. There'd have to be because, because DC doesn't have like the best pizza. I I I'd imagine It's not like a pizza hotspot. I'm sure it's good. It's on the east coast. It's the east coast seaboard. The fuck Are they talking about pizza? I don't know man. And hot dogs. Hot dogs are soft Fact, I know they're not eating dogs like that. Nah. Although he is Chicago Obama. You are talking about some good dogs From Chicago. Well, we're talking, Obama's a fucking, he's definitely crushing dogs. Maybe I don't yet. His chef's cooking up some dogs.


Hey, I keep forgetting his gay chef died in the pool in like a pod. Yeah. Well what four Obama's Obama's secret lover is gay chef died. Paddle boarding. Hold on. Are I don't wanna radicalize any, any kids in a right wing extremism, dude. Yeah, we this podcasting space, you know, we fucking ruined country Is platform and it's very important. We Blew the election, dude. We fucking ruined it. 'cause we, we radicalized Well this is, We're bringing this up specifically to debunk. Yeah. It's gonna be tough to debunk. He's Dating Jennifer Anderson now. That could just, I mean, Is that confirmed? That's still up in the air. That's like the best thing I've heard come out about Obama.


It's been like war, criminal. It's been a while. Gay chef murder, smoking crack. Yeah, there's that. The hot babe is the nicest rumor. I will say that. I was, I thought he was gonna come out and really sway the election. Nobody gave a fuck. It's 'cause he did it wrong. He got in front of black people and like, come on brothers. I know. Yeah. Y'all ain't black if y'all ain't voting for Kamala. Yo. I know, dude. I was like, we know that's not how you talk. Yeah. But Joe was probably like, dude, trust me, it works. Like I talk black as hell. I know him coming out and being like, shit is fucking shit. Fly suckers. S like that was not the move for the Aome. No.


Soner. Yeah. He, he did, he gave, after that, he gave a good, he gave a good speech after that. Just gave like a nice speech that was like, kind of like his usual stuff of like values inspiring all that stuff. Yeah. But yeah, why he came out, he's like, I'm, I don't know what these, were they getting data? Were they, were they Getting just constant like interviews with black people and they were just like, we're not gonna voting for a woman. Why did they, why did he come out and say that? I Dunno, what a weird piece. I think they were polling black men and black men were like, fuck that. They, it was just like, That was right when it was coming. It was pretty clear that the black vote was starting to swing more towards Trump than it ever had. Did they just Make it up in their heads that they were, That I think because they were women think were polling.


I mean, or you could get in an Uber and talk to a black guy. Yeah, True. Every single black guy I knew That was Obama took an Uber to the speech. Yeah. Yeah. Just got, fell in on the diets. But no, they're probably doing polls and they were finding out like, and there's just, you watch 'em online, there's so many people be like, man, fuck Kamala Trump. Trump when we get a bread. I that, but yeah. Saw a lot of videos. We got a lot of bread during Trump. It was just, and they're right, the bread was flowing. Bread was flowing. So Yeah. And Obama, he's like, well, if I can't do the bread, I don't have the bread. I, you know, I don't have the track record of the bread, but I can do like racial shame. So that was like, they tried to do that. Like, you're not, you know, that do that is, that's a powerful tool. I hate to say it, but that is a powerful tool for Yeah.


I feel like black, black people in general to be like, bro, we're gonna, we're gonna just like take your fucking black essence and hide it from you Republicans. It's true. You can get, you can get ousted, bro. Republicans do a good job of that with men. Yeah. You voting for a fucking Democrat. What are you gay? You pussy. It's true. I might, I might perpetrate that sometimes. It's nice. I might be a perpetrator. You're a dude who voted Democrat. Seen that. So embarrassing. Yeah. We'll see man. We'll see what happens after his four. This is his last four. Unless he puts in like Donny Jr.


He might, he might. You never know. Yeah, He might. He's gonna be gazed up at the end of this run. Yeah, He might. He might go out. How old Old Is he? How old is he now? He's like 80 bro. He's probably 79. He Eats bad too. He could go through an SDR stage. No, he's at least 70 In the wheelchair. I think he's 79. Is he 79? I thought he, for some reason I thought he was 80, 78. Okay. All right. He's four six. Damn. He's six years older than Macron's wife. Shit. She, Well dude, I think we, yeah, let's roll to the motherfucking Patreon. That's good stuff. Hard cliffhanger. Dude.


We have some good topics then. Lot of good topics. I haven't even gotten into any of my topics. Oh Dude, I have a good one Bro. We need to catch the raccoon on the roof. I'm gonna bring him in as our guest s a pizza party. We should stick the tripod up there. Talk up there. See we Have to talk. A lot of hell let loose. Oh yeah. Yeah. We gotta talk. Hell let loose. Hell let loose is incredible. All right. Join us on the Paton.