
Wow. Wow. Wes. Hey, welcome to Matt and Shane Secret podcast here today with comedian Dave Temple and Chris O'Connor. Nice. Thanks For coming, guys. This Is the first time in this setup. Never been in my office. I've done stuff in my, like, office. Office. Yeah. I don't think it was well received, but yeah. This is, This is first time Revealing my office apartment. Yeah. Apartment office. My little bop house. Yeah. My little content house. That's what I really do. I come here and I just masturbate for gay men. Right, Right. Yeah. My OnlyFans is popping. Yeah. Huge. But stuff I just show my butt hole, You know, dudes get into that are fascinating. Like guy sex workers because I don't know, I don't know how you get into faking sex as a man.


Like, I get it for ladies. I don't Think you do. I think you just fucking come and you're like, oh Yeah, I, I meant that. It's all about Just getting paid. I, I actually, I saw one of those things where, you know, they take like a super high res picture of like your eye and make it like art. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna do that for my butt. That's kind of cool. So people like come stand in front of it and be like, Yeah. It's So close up and so detailed. Yeah. Yeah. They kind of don't know what it is. So they can Is that a Nautilus show in a way? Yes. It's Just a bunch of capillaries and veins.


I like Is this the Grand Canyon? S a giant hemorrhoid. It's the Colorado River. Right. Just get that put in, like MoMA. Yeah. You could get that picture taken. Just see what you're working with. Yeah. If you got a super close zoom on the new iPhone, you could probably get a good portrait mode. Portrait mode would be nice. Have any of you guys actually seen your butt hole? No. Like, have never taken a time to actually bend over in front of a mirror. I think I have Spread your cheeks. I'm pretty sure Has Wait into the mirror, you're saying? Yeah, Because I always wonder, I used to do a joke about this, about like, how did they come up with the concept of anal bleaching? Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, who saw their asshole to be dissatisfied with that. Probably Probably a girl.


Yeah. That's kind of nuts. It was a girl for sure. Absolutely. She just saw shit, had a disgusting, like, hairy asshole. And I was like, I gotta, why not get it waxed? Why would you bleach? Do you bleach the hairs or the hole itself? No. 'cause your butt hole gets stained with poo. I think. Yeah. Over time. I think it, over time I think it, mine gotta be an absolute abyss. Yeah. Just it rings of Saturn. It Darkens up. I haven't checked mine. I don't know if it has. I, what I happens to me is I'll like bend down. I'll just like, as soon as I'm done, I just get naked, like in my bedroom, I'm naked and then I'll like go to plug up my phone charger and bend over in front of my wife and I'll just be like, I'll feel like the air enter my asshole. And I'll be like, fuck. She's looking right at my Butthole.


I've thought too, Mitch, she runs up and blows in it. No, There's no wind. That would be nice. Yeah. It turn gaze that A little hand fan to see. Yeah. That'd be nice. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I think I did look at my asshole once, 'cause like I got a hairy asshole, like late in life. Late in the game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know how like, I don't know, like in college I didn't have like chest hair. Yeah. And now I do. Yeah. You know, it's sick, you know? I don't know. Yeah. So, And I think there was at one point I was like, you know, wipe my ass and it was like real hairy. And I was like, well, that's weird. And I wanted to get a look at like what it, what the, you know, what it looked like. Yeah. Take Yeah. You, you probably could sneak there, you know?


Yeah. I didn't know if it was like a, you know, if it was patchy or whether it was like a nice, just clean, you know? It's like I have a good grain to it. It's like even better than your beard, you know what I mean? It's just like, wow. Yeah. You wanna know if you had treat it Right. Right, right. So Wait, you're saying fecal matter? It really Smooths. It does, gives It a nice shine. Is Is your asshole actually staying from poop? I don't think it's staying from poop. I think It, I don't think it's staying from poop. I think the skin just stretches and stuff like that and kind of like, you know. Yeah. That's what makes it dark. I don't know. True. It gets brown. I think it's brown. It's not brown. Your asshole's. Like, I think it's the color of like vagina lips. You know what I mean? There's like color concentration in those things, I Think.


But you can't like bleach a vagina, can you? Yeah. Yeah. Those people will put bleach. You can Do vagina plasty. That's a new thing women are doing to like reduce their, their like, to get like a certain look on their lips. Yeah. Labia no meat curtains. You're talking about the tuck 'em back in. Exactly. Yeah. Rejuvenation, vaginal rejuvenation. I'm against it, bro. Are you? Yes. Yeah. You gotta leave those things if you like, you Like a good ham and cheese sandwich, huh? Yeah. It's also Crazy. Nobody cares. It's like nobody gives a fuck if, you Know, I don't, there was a girl I dated once that had like a flap. You know what, I, one, one side had a flap and it made it like, it made entry more difficult. Yeah. You know what I mean? I know you talk about, it's like that thing that hangs off a side.


I wouldn't mind that Speak. I don't think I'd mind that if I got to like LARP and be like, God damn, gimme a second babe. I can't get it. Holy shit. You Know? No. I think if on her part it was more like, ow. Oh yeah. The thing's in the way. Worst. That's, dude, that's the worst. Yeah. Once a woman feels comfortable enough to complain during sex. Yeah. Sucks. It's this sexual version of biting your lip. Yeah. True. It sucks. Ow. Catching one of those during sex is not pleasant. Ow. Shit. All right. I'm done. I I can't continue now. Yeah. Yeah. Just furious now.


Like really? Do you had to say it like that? All right. Sorry. Done this before a hundred times. Never had a problem. Never. What's the fucking problem now? Right? Ow dude. Yeah, That was, yeah. I get a, I don't know, I'll get a picture of my, I'll get a picture of my butt hole tonight. I'll, I'm tell you, I think think we should Get it though with the, the, the retina cam, you know, like the high Yes. What lens is the best for that? Yeah. You want it, you wanna be able to blow it up and put it on a billboard. You know what I mean? You want that level of resolution. Oh yeah. That Would be dope to just have it hanging like over your couch. Yeah. Yeah. And just don't say anything to anyone at all as far as What it is. Yeah. Because it could look just like a star explode if you made it like a negative image. Yeah. That'd be cool.


Yeah. It could like, yeah. And then just have a very clear shot of your penis next To it. Like, Just slowly leave, just slowly zoom out little by little throughout your house when they finally like, yo, this is my bedroom. Like, oh, this has been your fucking asshole the entire time. You'd Have to get, you'd have to do a little Photoshop. Have it like, like bursting out of like a sand or something. So it's like dune. Yeah. True. Dude. I was, I was just in Mexico. Aon fan all weekend. Might be my favorite country right now. Yeah. Mexico's sick dude. Really? I'm like, seriously considering, like, I kept telling my wife the whole time. I was like, I'm gonna get chug a gallon of water and just fully trans Just be, have like a Mexican belly. Yeah. Yeah.


I want, I just want to just like, I just wanna completely switch over To the Mexican belly. Yeah. Just like whatever's in their water I want that I'm gonna go through, I'm gonna go through shitting. I'm gonna shit for like a month and just, I wanna like, keep drinking the water here. Get it. I imported and just have a Mexican belly. Yeah. Dude, I've, I get a Mexican belly every once in a while. Do Yeah. If I go on like a straight beer bender. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, no hard alcohol. Three, four days in I get a Mexican belly. Mm. Do you really? Yeah. Get montezuma's or revenge, Dude. It, it's kind of Nice. It's probably, it's, I might be my favorite place. I've, I've been like, traveled outside the US in a while.


It was fucking awesome, man. Where in Mexico? Yeah. What city were you in? Riviera May. So I was in the Yucatan pen peninsula. Yeah. Okay. And I, I didn't know that. I was just like, 'cause I'd been reading about the Mayans just getting absolutely buttfuck by the Spaniard. Just dev, they like devastated themselves beforehand. I didn't know that. Yeah. But I was reading about that, So I like knew all the towns. They were like, campe all these towns. And I'm like, I know where that is. This is Yucatan Peninsula. Like, dude, you're in the Yucatan Peninsula. I was like, oh, All right. My bad. Hell yeah. Yeah. But dude, it was, dude, it was so sick. It was, it was in the jungle, like at nighttime, like little, they weren't monkeys. They're called like Cape Capers or Capuchin Something. I don't know what the fuck they were, but they looked like raccoons mixed with monkeys. And they just come out at nighttime and scurry. It was fucking sick, man. Yeah. It's awesome.


I hired a bunch of guys in the Yucatan to try to build a healthcare website for the Chinese. Are you a spani? Christopher Cortez kidding. Hold on, hold On. Swear to God. You Hired a bunch of people from the Yucatan to build a Chinese website. Yeah. I like, that's like a Crazy triangulation, right? Yeah, It was. It was like, I don't know. It was early on in standup and I was like, you know, you just do any job you could possibly find. And I was like, coaching youth lacrosse. And one of the dads put me in touch with this doctor who is Chinese.


And he was like, I need a website made. And I was like, I can do that. Yeah, no doubt. I had no idea how to do that. Yeah. So I found these dudes in the Yucatan that would build websites for like super cheap and I hired them and they, they just built like, kind of the shittiest were, Wait, were they like standing outside of a Home Depot with a laptop? See website. See, In front of a Best Buy now Chinese Doc website. See? Yeah.


This episode of Matt and Shane Secret podcast is brought to you by dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, it's time you show your bee hole some respect and upgraded dude wipes. Why? Because dude wipes are wet and that extra moisture cleans away. What? Dry? Never could they leave no room for dingleberries or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Plus they're extra large and designed for adults. Dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the flushable design makes clean up a breeze. No more endless rolls or settling for less than perfect wipes, riff prompts. Think about a time when you really could have used dude wipes literally every single day. Yeah. My ass is an absolute disaster. And also wetting the toilet paper. It's Not the same. It doesn't do it. And it turns into a little tiny like paper dildo. You shove up your butt and you're like, just comes out disgusting. And you're like, fuck, Dude. I, I had an itchy asshole for a while and I, I started hitting the wipes and it did help. That's huge. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Yeah, dude, I, it's, they're, I mean, especially when I travel and I'm in a hotel, it's like I'm always just cursing myself and I don't have the wipes on me. 'cause in a hotel, my, when I travel my ass, I can talk about this for an hour, dude, my ass just goes haywire when I travel. Well, This is the first time I ever had like a chronic itchy asshole. Nobody getting itchy ass. You know? Every once in a while this was like, yeah. Just had it start hitting, it plaguing me. You know what I mean? We're early in the morning, you're trying to get a sleep an extra hour And you just can't 'cause yours asshole just so bad. Squirming in bed. Well guys, dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.


I was laughing about the immigrant whatchamacallit. The It wasn't a parade, the protests. I was laughing about that the other day. It was just The fire parade. No way. There was fucking Mexican dudes at that parade at that not parade protest. No way. No way. They're never anywhere like fun. They're always like at work. Yeah. Which is, that's where they've been getting most of 'em. It's like at work. Yeah. And then like pulling up on 'em at graduation was cold blooded, but also genius. They heard them at graduation. Actually. They were getting them at like high school graduations in LA What? Yeah, like literally they would just wait for like Spanish, you'd Shake your teacher's hand and would just be an ice agent. Like, hey, congratulations. Basically, It was just like, apparently like ice, like pulled up to the graduation and they're just like making note of who's clapping at Spanish names.


And then like, people kind of became aware of it and then they, you just saw a mass exodus. People just started running off the fucking graduation. What? And people are like really upset. Like, yeah. I, I wonder how much of that, because I've actually, our, it wasn't our neighbors in Philly. Well, there was our neighbors, but they're, they're like friends or cousins, our ice agents. And I've talked to them and they're like, dude, it's nowhere. We're not doing any of this stuff. They're saying we're doing it. Oh, really? They've claimed they're, I think it All just internet skits. That's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's key and Peel sketch. I think it, that's funny. I could be wrong. I don't Know. It's just, it's just dru ski. They could be biased. I don't know. It Would be funny. You just buy an ice agent costume.


Oh Yeah. It's just because we don know what an ice agent looks like. Yeah. Like we all just heard these terms like five years Ago. Well, I think they're dressed like Stryker from Mortal Kombat. That's exactly, it's like, that's dude. The, if that protest, if they did get immigrants there, that would be genius. But guys we're gonna go surround ice agents. They just drop a giant fucking net. I got you motherfuckers. I got you. Got you. Fucking like, finding Nemo is just a little Mexican kid. Swim down. I do swim, swim down a bow. I I love Mexican immigrants. I think they're fucking sick. Yeah. I like them. Every everyone I've ever met has been awesome. I've never met a murderer rapist moment. No, no. Yeah. But I'm sure you know, it's all bar backs. Yeah. It's all, it's all dudes just working hard as hell.


Yeah, man. So although, yeah, So I, I've never met a murderous, they're very usually very uptight about the law. I remember I was driving this Mexican guy when I was working. I just started smoking a joint in my car. And he looked at me like, the fuck are you doing? I was like, man, relax. He's like, no dude, I'm, we get pulled over. I'm fucked. And I was like, oh yeah, my bad. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They're scared. And then he tried to rape me. I said, Hey buddy, that's it. We don't like that kind of stuff in this country. That's enough of that man. He didn't know that was against the law. He, that was, this Is what we do. I Wonder where they hide all of the hot Mexican women. I know they have to exist because like Selena was hot. Yes. But like, where do you get more Selenas? You know what I mean? Like, I saw some babes down in the Yucatan.


Yeah. I'm being honest. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. I think the hot ones, they don't come here. We get the workhorses. Right, Right. Yeah. We get, we get And they're on an American diet and they just, you know what I mean? That's the other thing I like. I was just in San Antonio, everyone down there is fucking fat as shit. Right. Yeah. And it's just like a, like it's not from Mexican food though. Like, oh, you guys came over here and started eating our shit. Yeah. To excess. You know what I mean? You, you're not cooking. 'cause I don't think, like, I get it, rice and beans is kind of starchy, but not like that. Yeah. It's not gonna balloon you like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I think their bodies can't handle it too. I think that's like an actual thing. Like they didn't, they didn't evolve with our shitty food.


They were like over there. Yeah. And then we just showed up. And their bodies like, don't, they're like, they're used to like storing fat for like a really long time. Yeah. They're used to like starving. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more keto. They're intermittent fasting for like months at a time. I Swear to God. I don't know. When I saw like a PBS documentary that was just like the Mexican For real. For real. And it was just showing like, it was just, you know why they like cut people's heads off and they just show their fat bodies. It was just showing like Mexicans and stuff walking around and the just their like, the fat is in all weird places. Yeah, Man. Yeah. I mean it, there're, I swear to God it's true.


This is true. I swear to God. It's PBS d They, they, They hit a point. If they have enough American food, they become like Russian nesting dolls.


This episode is brought to you by Chime. You know, when it comes to your financial future, just the smallest step forward can make a big difference. Like when I stop spending all my spare cash on stupid, pointless jokey thing. But seriously, here's a good tip. Open a chime checking account and you're one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Making progress has never been easier. That's nice. That's really good. And if you ever want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees or interest. That's good. Make progress towards a better financial future. With Chime. Open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Matt and Shane. That's chime.com/ Matt and Shane. Chime Feels like progress. Feels like progress. Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank banking services and debit card provided by the Bankcorp Bank A or Stride Bank, NA members FDIC spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs. Bank ranking a number of ATMs according to us News and World Report 2023. Chime checking account required.


But no, I, I was in, when I was in the Yucatan, I, you know, I didn't see a lot of them man. It was just, it was like kind of like slender Mexican babes. Yeah. Surfing and stuff. Tight, tight ponytails. Oh yeah. And I'm, I'm not lusting after them. I was just saying it was, it was, I it was, yeah. You didn't see Nobody, nobody strong. You see like the line, the line like the linemen women, you know what I mean? Like the offensive line ladies. Yeah. Yeah. The tortoise. You Didn't see Tor I didn't see any tortoise. But there are, it is interesting 'cause I feel like I'm, I'm, I'm like confused. Are there indigenous Mexicans or Indigenous Mexicans? The Indians who are down there. I, that's what I was kind of confused. Yeah. There. Yeah. So, huh.


The Mays the Mayans were like Indians though. Yeah, there were Indians. Yeah. Yeah. They're All, but then there was like Mexicans. So I'm like confused. I'm trying to, I'm gonna get a a clear Understanding. No, they're all Indians. Are they all Indians? With Spaniards? Yeah. They're span. Yeah. Because then there's some Mexicans that are so Mexican. They look Asian. Do you ever get a load of those guys? Yeah, I do. So I lived in Bushwick for years and it's mostly Mexicans, but they all look so Asian and they got the same kind of haircut. That bowl cut. You know what I mean? Where You're like Yeah. 'cause the Asians just walked up Over that. Yeah. Athletes' cut, The Asians walked up over that. The land bridge. Did they really? Yeah. In New Mexico. Yeah. And that's, then they, they became Indians of The bearing strait. I Swear It's your, your eye shifting around Is what I'm Like, that's the baby.


Go. I'm looking for some level of confirmation here. I'm like, you with me knocking you, I'm thinking you're looking for us to like add or tag onto this. And I'm like, fuck. I don't Know what he is serious or I mean, what is an Indian? Really Just a guy walks. Once you're Looking from China. Yeah. Once you're looking for food long enough, I think you just become an Indian, You know what I mean? If, if you walk like 20 miles for a meal. Yeah. I think They do. Like, All right man. Yeah. I mean think about how bad fat, Like who fuck does they say? Yeah. I think about how badass they must they out walked the Chinese. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause everyone was going, I guess east at their time To escape What? The cold or something places? No, that's just like fucking, let's check shit out.


That is tight. If like a continent kind of emerges in the ocean, I'd be like, let's go check this out. Yeah. Yeah. They just came. They just come and go. Like the water levels rise, like, yeah. Apparently there was a time you used to be able to like walk to Australia. Yeah. From like China. There was like a set of Polynesian islands. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That They've all just kind of been submerged And you know, those Things. Yeah. It's kind of nuts. I was reading the other day about the Indo-European Lang, like how, like, I didn't realize the English language is linked to like, Arabic. All those like Indian dialects. It's all the same root language. Yeah. So Like they said that every other person alive today speaks some form of Indo-European like languages.


It's like English, French, Italian, all those ones. Yeah. Iranian. They're all based on the same root language. Sanskrit as well. Which is a dead language now. Yeah. I Mean that's, I've always, I've always said English is the best language. It is. It should become. And if the word is good enough, it'll become English. But You mean Yeah. We'll Take it in. Yeah. We'll just take it. It's a, it's a multi language. Yeah. Well dude, language, they said every like 800 years languages are complete. Like old English is totally unrecognizable now. Yeah. That was the English language. It changes all the time. Yeah, it evolved. Yeah. It's the sick, it's, it's the, it's the only one really. Does it? English the best. It should. We should just all knock it off and just go English everywhere. I'm not, not like, I'm not saying in a way like where I'm angry about it or whatever. I don't care. No, no.


But it is the most convenient language in my opinion. Opinion. We're not saying we won't use those words. Just show us the good ones. We'll use 'em. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, you know what I mean? I could go Spanish during like love making. Maybe just Save them. Yeah. I'm learning Spanish now. I'm like two years in Duolingo. But it sucks because they're like, they're teaching me such an old Spaniard version of Spanish. Like my wife is Puerto Rican, so she speaks Caribbean. Yeah. Slang. And she's like, you're talking like the way someone would talk in the Bible. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? It's like, yeah. It's Kind of sick though. That's Yeah. Like you're speaking Spanish. But it's like, no one talks like that. That's Spain I was talking to, we went out and did like snorkeling. I talked to the tour guide and he was saying that like, when people from Spain come there, they're like their version of British people basically.


Yes. Like the way they talk is just kind of like, just sounds like snobby, I guess. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I got put onto that my first, one of my earlier times coming to that sucks Texas. I was in Houston and I met this Mexican girl who was just talking about how like they think Puerto Ricans and Dominicans, they're, they're Spanish is trash. Yeah. They're like, what the fuck? But they said people in Spanish think Mexicans are trash. Like the way they talk. Yeah. They hold it down. I, I think having like a long colonial empire for a while, you start to kind of look down on everybody is like, yeah. Kind of sucking. Well, Here's the other crazy thing saying Ly it sucks to spend two years learning a language and realize you've been learning like the snoo IST version. Yeah. Yeah. This was like when I was in college learning. It's Two years working on becoming a condescending prick.


You didn't even know it Just sound like an asshole. I know. I was just trying to, yeah. Yeah. You turned me into an asshole. I paid thousands of dollars. Now I sound like an absolute jerk off. I could lean into that though, dude. Just fuck 'em up with some vosotros. Like, you Guys all know about that. Yeah. That you know about. Is that like formal? Yeah, It's formal. Yeah. Very. It's like the formal, like saying we, you are like vosotros, but it's only used in Spain, I believe. Okay. I don't even think they use it anymore. Really? Yeah. I think it's just an old, it's like an old computer language. Yeah. Like it's the basis of shit. But no one uses it. It's like their Indubitably basically. I used to tell my teacher, my Spanish teacher in high school, she's like, you gotta hit like the accent.


And I'd be like, no, if I, if I'm gonna use this language, I'm gonna try to get babes and I want my accent. 'cause I'd never exactly use accent. Right. I can have a foreign accent. Why would I, that's also insane. Right? Like at some point it becomes almost like a total impression. I know. Could You imagine like a Mexican person just like doing a white accent Yes. To like nail English. And you'd be like, dude. Yeah. Relax man. I don't know. Fuck up. If you matched an outfit to it, if you started dressing like the Count Monte Crito or something, and just, it Would be nice just Going into Mexican bars. Yeah. They were Like, Darn Skippy. You'd be like, All right, that's Turn it fucking down, bro. Tone it the fuck down.


Isn't That happening to Chinese too? Aren't they getting rid of all the characters? What you mean The like, the fucking wings? It's just unworkable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Chinese. It's time to draw a tiny waterfall and it's like, yeah, You can't Exactly. How do I say this? You have to draw like the sun. And you also Can't put a tiny waterfall like on a keyboard. Yeah. You Know? I know when I see like Chinese people texting on the train in New York, I'm just like, what the Fuck? I know. You know? It's like, how do you like, especially from like, you don't even know where to begin. Like I understand they don't read like we do left or right, but you're like, wait a minute, is this the matrix? What Do they read bottom to the top? I Think they read up and down and then also like left to right. Yeah.


I think, yeah. I think it's Right to, they're playing Sudoku all day long. Yeah. I'm all for, you know, just like, we'll pick a language and just all rock with it. We kind of have a little bit English kind, dude. Literally. Well, that doesn't count. 'cause like Arabic and all that stuff. Whatever. But yeah, I, I'd say English just, you know, it's the best s the, it's the best. I have say it's the best. 'cause it can become anything. Yeah. Yeah. And we don't have weird sounds that require like your throat and tongue and nose to get involved, you know? True, true. It's a lazy, yeah. Yeah. It's a lazy language.


Dude, I have a, I have a, I was, I got a haircut the other day and I was, it was at like a, the place my wife goes to. So it was like just, it was a very gay place. A very gay establishment. Yeah. It was a salon. Yeah. It was literally a hair salon. And she just, like you said, gay is barber shop. Right, Right, right, right. There's gotta be a word for this barbershop. It was, it was literally a hair salon. I'm such a man. I don't even know what this is. Fucking gay. I tell you that. Well, I, dude, I was sitting there. It was, dudes are the best I got. He like gave me a strict, he gave me a strict lecture. He's like, do you put product in here? I was like, not really. And he was like, dude, gay to straight. It's time. It's time you put something. I was like, it's a good sell.


But I was watching ladies turn it on so hard when they like see gay guys I watch, they all like, act like, like, hi. It's weird. They like do this whole, they kind of really sell this whole voice. And I, I, I came up with a theory. I really think like they are connected on like a soul level. I think like if you live a lifetime as a woman, once you like nail it karmically, I think you come back as a gay man. As a gay man. Yeah. Yeah. I think women after like six lifetimes come back as a gay man. Yeah. That's like their reward. And they get to fuck dudes. Yes. Yeah. With a penis. That's the s the, that's the reward. And still like, you know, like get all decked out with the clothes and all that stuff.


I don't know. Women know. They're like that dude, they're so disingenuous. They'll take on anyone that they're talking to. They Really, They do the same thing with like babies. You know what I mean? Like women, they'll put, they'll put on a totally different facade and voice and bend down and talk to a child completely different. It's like, Hey bitch, I just saw you talk like an adult right there. And now you're gonna come down and put on kid voice for me. Like, you're here. Women are psycho Like that. Yeah. What even are you, they are shapeshifters for sure. Absolutely. They are. They're all, I've Been working with this concept now that like, It's crazy on the ceiling. I've been working with this concept now that like a blowjob is such a disingenuous act. How so? No, Because they're done with so much enthusiasm upfront.


Yeah, for sure. But the enthusiasm only gets less and less and less. Yeah. As time goes on. So clearly. Like you were never really into this. That's fair. And it's like, like you can imagine the more you've been with a woman, she loves you more. Yeah. So you should be doing that more. Or at least with more enthusiasm because the love has gone up. Yeah. But it doesn't, so somehow it's like, oh, this is not an act of love. Yeah. This is more an act of manipulation. I believe you. They're, they, they are at root kind of those like Egyptian guys outside of like a mall kiosk. They'll like polish your one nail really well then it's just, it's a scam. It's it's a fucking scam. Polish it my nail How they do that.


They'll get one smooth it up and you're like, this is nice. All right. Gimme $500. I Hate, I thought you were doing this too. Because they don't come off for like a month. Every day you look at this one shiny nail and you're like, what does that say about me? What is that? That's I gotta, I gotta imagine on some level for them, the thrill is gone, you know? Yeah, for sure. For Jobs. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I don't Understand. You know, it's, but, But what I'm saying is it's like if they needed something, they could turn it on the same way they turn on baby talk or same way they turn on gay talk. True. For sure. Yeah. It's, I I even, I've been starting. Well that requires Some strategy on our part. Yeah, true. You gotta obsessively you gotta Create things that they need Uhoh that only a blow job Will give them access To.


This is turning into a red pill podcast Real Fast. That's, I wanna start doing that. Just listening to Red Pill, like meet reels in bed next to my wife. 'cause I caught one the other day. It's like if your wife, as soon as a girl you're with stops giving you head, she doesn't love you anymore And you No, you're now a beta. And I was just like, dude, I'm sending this to her right now. Fuck that. It's so funny. She has lost all attraction for you. And she's thinking about another more successful man. She wants to suck through their penis. Jesus. Those guys are just nonstop man. Right, right. It's such a wild, like the, the, his funny men's rights movement is, it's like exhausting. Yeah. It's like, dude, I get it. Yeah. We die in war for sure.


Right. It's like, geez. Take a fucking breath, man. I just also like the fact that they are hiring street walkers. Yes. Like, they're literally just fine prostitutes on the street. Like, yo, how much for your time for like to necks Two hours. Yeah. Podcast come in and debate. Like, It's insane. Just 12 women and just being, you guys are whores and they're like, yeah, you're paying me. I can't. Right. And they're just sitting there following their nails like, yeah, okay. I'm a whore. And then like, one is like actually trying to argue, but wait, and it's like, no, just, yeah. Sit and get your money though. Those are the wildest po I do feel like that would be a cool experience to just talk to 12 escorts at one time. I would simp out. So I don't, I I couldn't, I would simp. But you guys lives are actually really hard. And I just, that's a good point.


Actually no one Respects you. Yeah. Yeah. Sex work is weird. It's weird how sex work became like a, a lot of like very educated kind of white ladies got into this whole thing. They're like, I'm a sex worker. And they, you know, like with the only, they'll like show their tits on OnlyFans, like, we're united. It's like, dude, you're not a sex worker man. Yeah. Sex work when sex workers are like women who have no choice. Yeah. Being like, I'll do this for a month. It's like, dude. Right. Knock it off. They Just want to justify making the money. Yeah. True. You know, it's an, it's an internal conflict that's being externalized. Yeah. Well, no, a lot of women have gone the other way with a soft girl lifestyle. Are you familiar with Soft Girl versus Soft Girl? No. Soft Girl. So there was girl Boss Girl. We, we, we grew up in an era of Girl Boss.


Okay. Sex in the City. It was all about Boston up. A lot of them are now going Soft Girl lifestyle. And I, I looked into it. It's actually, it was started by Nigerian women who due to like, just rampant inflation. Were like, we gotta learn how to like, get along without stuff. And it's all about just like focusing on pampering yourself. Letting go of like your drive for success and just going full self-care. Mm. So it's a whole, it's a whole, it's like a whole trend on TikTok Soft Girl where you just wear like past, you just get super girly. Yep. And you're like, no, I'm totally okay with the man being, I'm starting to get that way now. That's what this long hair is about. Like, I've never had long hair in my life. Like, yeah dude. I'm like taking care of myself. Like, I used to have a, I used to have like a low Caesar because I had like alopecia spots from just being a grizzled man out here that no one cares about.


And now I'm like, I have a loofah. You know what I mean? And I like moisturize and I'm like, wow. Like, who knew? You could just be a softie and still be fine. Yeah. Well it's like tied into like politics apparently. Like the, like the self care was big. 'cause they're like taking a nap. The girls are just taking naps again. Yeah. And it's took a whole thing on TikTok. Like it's actually a political act to rejuvenate myself. So I Continue, Continue to fight. It's like, dude, go take a nap. Turning A nap into a Cause. Yeah. For real. That's insane. I, I was reading an article about Sabrina Carpenter 'cause they're, it was actually pretty, it was a, it was a decent article. It was written I think by like a gender studies major. So it was like all this, like other, it got like super complicated unnecessarily. But they were saying she is like a, they were saying white women have appropriated the soft girl lifestyle, which was like Nigerian black American women more so.


And white girls are just starting to do it more's like, I'm going to the spa. I'm a soft girl. But they were saying she is Appropriating the Soft girl lifestyle. The soft girl lifestyle. Which is like, just stolen. Yeah. They were saying, yeah, they're saying they're like warping it. It was all about like political naps and like eggs costing 50 million Jube lows or whatever the fuck, whatever money. I don't know. I don't know what the money is. Whatever silly currency That is. A sick move of things like just rampant inflation and be like, dude, I'm gonna do a to or TikTok trend I don't need. I'm done trying to get stuff. It's so funny. Just that's how you deal with inflation is take a nap. Yeah. Yeah. Take a political nap, rejuvenate yourself, do your nails and just kinda like, think about plot your next move.


How to battle. Yeah. Taking pictures of your asshole. So figure that Out.


Guys, this episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. You might not realize it, but guys face tons of pressure. Talk about any stigmas. Men face tons of stigmas. We can't express our emotions, dude. And it's just not fair. We need a therapist to teach us how to do that. Speak on the difficulties men face when seeking help with mental health. Yeah. You know, sometimes you, you feel like a weak little girl, But you gotta, you know, overcome that and be a fucking man in therapy and outside of therapy. Real strength isn't about bottling everything up inside and hiding your faults. It's acknowledging that you need help and doing something about it. If you feel like you're carrying the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a family, or a professional. BetterHelp has over 35,000 licensed therapists you can connect with. Yeah. I think it's a good thing. You should definitely do it guys. Millions of people rely on BetterHelp. And based on the many reviews and 4.9 ratings in the App store, it works As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash mssp. That's BetterHelp h Ep dot com slash mssp.


This episode is brought to you by Dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, you need to stop being an A-hole to your B hole and switch to dude wipes. Isn't that funny? That is funny. Whoever wrote this, gimme a call. I need some material. I made the switch myself. And the difference lemme tell you is real dude, wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the convenience of their flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. No more juggling rolls are settling for less than adequate wipes. Aren't you tired of juggling rolls Matt? For sure. They leave no room for Dingleberries. All right. Or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Yeah. I leave those on the Floor. The butt crumbs. Yeah. Plus they're extra large for adults. I like that. Because you are not a baby. So stop using baby wipes. Ditch the itch and switch to wet extra large Flushable dude wipes, dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.


But they're saying Sabrina Carpenter not, well, I guess her 'cause she's like, her whole thing is, she's like a small petite, you know who I'm talking about? I know her. Yeah. I, I didn't, I'm just learning about this person. But she's a very small petite lady and they're saying, and it's actually kind of overt her cover to her. I think her new album is the same as the book cover of Lolita, which is about that man who was obsessed sexually with a 12-year-old girl. Okay. And her, her album cover does kind of copy that. And this lady who's like, I think like a, like a feminist lady who's, she's like, she's selling pedophilia and everyone's eating it up. Wow. It's like, yeah, I think so. Yeah. It's fair. It's a, it's a right. Fair analysis. Then she did like a big thing about the soft girl lifestyle and how it was stolen. It was like, All right, well Sabrina Carpenter did, or the other lady Yeah.


She's saying she's like a, a warped version. They, they did that with me too. Me too was Black ladies. Black ladies started Me too. And it was just, yeah, it was like, it was like factory workers. That makes sense too. Yeah. Because they'll be the person that will actually speak up. Yeah. Like, especially the era that we came out of. Like if some, if someone was sexually assaulted, it's gonna be a black woman to be like, Uhuh. Nah, that nigga raped me. Okay. Like, you like, nah girl, you need to stand up for yourself. Like, Dude, it was for real. It was in like factories. Women were getting like their asses grabbed and stuff in factories. Yeah. And finally they were like, fuck this. And then like, Gwyneth Paltrow was like, yeah, I'm uncomfortable on movie sets. And it became this whole thing.


Well, I mean a lot of them, Harvey Weinstein was good Factory. Did you ever seen, remember that movie Two Wong Fu oh two Wong Fu was like Wesley Snipes and Yeah. John Zamo and the other Yeah. Isn't it? Or they were. Yeah. What? It's fucking Wesley Snipes. What's the white guy from Roadhouse? Patrick Swayze. Patrick Swayze. Yes. All wore the dress. They Were all drag queens or trans people, but like, they're like driving a Cadillac across country, stopping through small town America and changing things. Just making things fabulous. But also teaching Middle America. White women had to like stand up to their husbands like, 'cause it's like cartoonish evil. Like the man is like beating the woman around the house because he put pepper in the sauce.


You know what I mean? And they're like, Uhuh girl, you gotta stand up for yourself. Like at one point Patrick Swayze like goes in and kicks the guy's ass in a dress. You know what I mean? It was weird. Yeah, man. It was like a miss doubt fire kind of situation. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. S a swim meet and just crushes everybody. Them in drag beating up husbands. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of sick actually. Yeah. I didn't know that existed be such a boring, you Didn't know that existed. No. Yeah, it's called Two Wong Food. Thanks for everything. Julie Newmar. It's a very long title. Like Don't Be a Menace. And it was Snipes too. Yeah. Wesley Snipes man. Like, yeah. And he's like, Who looked the most like a woman?


John? Like Zamo. Yeah, I see that. Yeah, Dude, he's all like Puerto Rican down, you Know what I mean? Oh, Papi. You Like, okay. Like you BBL, Like, I still can't unsee John so feminine that way, you know? Really? Yeah. Yeah. He, he does a lot. He did a lot of like drag stuff back in the early nineties. Really? Yeah. He was like, okay. In the dressing makeup. Yeah. Because he's a theater man and he is not even Puerto Rican. And that's fake. He's Italian Actually. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard that. Yeah. He's Italian. Yeah. Yeah. My wife had that surprised To listen to that movie, be like, no, this is how you hit your wife. You fucking faint left. That's crazy, man. I didn't, yeah, that's a fucking insane movie.


How'd you find that out? The internet. Oh. Is he like all Italian or is it like a No, He is not Puerto Rican. I think he, he did something like anti-Trump or something and everybody dug in. Ah, fuck. Dug in. They always know though, dude, my wife is Puerto Rican. She knows who's what. Like they keep track. Yeah, yeah. No, he's Filipino. That doesn't count. He's Cuban. Okay. Like, holy shit. Yeah. They're, they're very racist. I, yeah, I do like inter group beef. Like, it just makes me laugh when it's like Mexicans are like, fuck Puerto Ricans. Like, damn, you guys are beefing. I didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. Makes you feel, you're like, All right, well, yeah. Like Maybe white guys aren't the worst. That's about To say, do white guys do that? Do white guys have any inter white guy beef?


I mean, It's fading. It was like, my dad like held it down like, fuck Italians. Like Yeah, he was kind. I mean it wouldn't be like overt. He is like stewing over. Oh yeah. Irish Italians used to hate each other. Right. We lived different. It was like, I mean, not me, but like South Philly. My dad grew up. Yeah. It was southwest Philly. They moved to Havertown, but they in Southwest Philly. It was like, he's like, you wouldn't even go to Italian neighborhoods. It was just kind of like, fuck that. Yeah. Yeah. I Guess we, we were kind of squashing the beef Catholic school. I feel like you'd go to Catholic school and I guy. So, but I think it was also because like most Irish dudes and back in the day all went into law enforcement lot. Yeah. A Lot too. And like a lot of Italian guys were up to no good. Yeah. True. So I think that's kind of where that beef is gonna start, you know? True. Yeah. I, I could see that there was a lot of Irish guys up to no good as well.


But I think they were just quiet, not as flashy. Yeah. Telling guys were way too flashy. Yeah, they were. They fucking Blew it. Yeah. Yeah. Although I felt bad for the Philly mob, you know, When they all got, like, the Last article I saw about the Philly mob was like, they caught them. They had like counterfeit, like cigarette machines and like jukeboxes. Yeah. Really slumming it. I Was like, oh man, just let 'em have it. Dude. Dude. Just dinosaurs, dude. Shit. They got busted for being bookies. Fake arcades. They had tokens said Chucky cheese tokens. Like they're like lost in time because it is like the last like standing organized group is like the murmurs.


Right. Also dressed like girls. Yeah. Right. Yeah. They, I remember in like the early two thousands, a lot of the bookies got busted. It was like Nikki the hat was a big one. And they all just got sick, crushed. It was a sick name. But they all just got like crushed. A lot of 'em lived out in like the Ridley Park area, like the suburbs surrounding Philly. The, yeah, it had like Italian club. There's like a club. When I worked for this guy, we used to go to this like one Italian club and they're all, they all claim to be kind of like mobbed up, but they're all geezers. Yeah. They own like floor shops and stuff. They were kind of sick. They all Started doing that kind of, that's Sopranos thing where like guys that were not in the mob were like, I'm in the mob.


Yeah. Although that's the Italian curse. It's like your nephews like my uncles, every fucking Italian thinks their uncle's in the mob. It's, I hated meeting those guys. So annoying while he's just Yeah. He's got one jukebox. Yeah. Steal from Yeah. He is in the mob. Dude. Watch my uncle's The touch tune. The touch of tunes. Yeah. My, they touch tunes crush the, my dad and his brother. So did like all the gambling websites just put them out there. There's nothing I, I guess they can still like sneak like import women maybe. Yeah. Shipping cargoes. But you know, shipping containers. But true, I think the ruskis got that under control, so Yeah. Yeah. I guess like funeral homes is still kind of the play.


Yeah. There's gotta be some way to do something with funeral homes. Well, but I, I know that's gotta struggle also because from what I'm understanding, like my family owns a funeral home in, in Atlantic City. Nice. And they struggling now. It Is. Boom. Yes. It used to be, my god, it Used to be genius. But they're saying like, younger people don't value old. They're coming in like, alright, my grandmother died. What is the cheapest way we can get this done generator? Move On. Yeah. Yeah. Like it just expensive man. Yeah. You go in there. A lot of my dad and his brothers were a family owned trash company, which was like a red flag for like, people would say organized crime. They weren't at all, but they dealt with like, trash company was largely controlled by the mob.


And they would get like their dumpsters stolen all the time by mob guys. Yeah. They'd have to go up and be like, gimme my fucking dumpster Back. But I understand that now, man. Sucks. Especially after living in a city like New York where it's just like, Hey man, if we don't pick up the trash, things are gonna get bad for you. Oh yeah. So, You know, it's a good business to You. That's, yeah. And that's sanitation. These were like, dumpsters are more like private. 'cause like the city sanitation is kind of just like, that's just kind of like city workers. But then if like dumpsters, like driving, dropping dumpsters off at like hospitals and shit and picking them back up And you used to have a yard where you just dump all your trash and separate it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That 'cause you could get rid of anything or any, you know, you could, that's why the trash was like super. Yeah. And the cement, that's why all the tailings did cement. 'cause you could just fucking pour cement over people to cement.


It's true. Dude. They, my dad would get, they would get dumpsters from the hospital and like when people would come in with injuries, they would just throw their weapons away. Yeah. So they, they would get like guns and shit in the trash. They were like, fuck you, it's kind of sick. Oh shit. I know. And then they got weird because instead of selling them, right, these younger generations, they're, oh, I'll just sell these to my black friends. You know what I mean? So now you got black kids walking around with guns, with bodies on 'em like, you know. Yeah. Dude, the switches thing is terrifying. Yeah. All right. But you turning them automatic and just, Yeah, man, That was what that Yeah, you can put a switch on a gun, A switch extended clips where now instead of 16 shots you'll have like 32 And you just squeeze the button and it just Turns automatic. Jesus. And it's Just children running around with X extendo and no aim.


They don't go to the range ever. No. Because their motto is just like, I'm just squeezing at the whole area and we'll see what happens. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy how that got caught up in like the YouTube algorithm too, where it's like, it's like financially, if you have like a cool like drill rap thing and it's like you, like you can prove that you've murdered lots of people. It's like it does well on YouTube. People like, fuck It. Oh yeah. Do young rappers. I don't even know any of their music. No. I only hear about them shooting song people. 30 seconds people are going to jail because like, this person has confirmed they've murdered someone and I'm like, Who the fuck are that? They do minute long. So every song's one minute long. Yeah. It's just them being like, yeah, I definitely killed that guy.


And you are like, All right. That's fucking crazy. Damn. Yeah, it's fucked up. Ah. I've gone down those rabbit holes so many times where I like, I'll get like invested in those guys and like, they die. Like you'll find out they died and you're like, Damn, we're talking about that last night too. That that has become the genius of the, the music business pushing hip hop. And it's like, let's just find a young crash out with no family that hopefully they'll get big enough where we could just collect their royalties forever. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, they'll just die. They don't have children. No one cares And you just like, yeah, yeah, yeah. We that. Yeah. It's, it's a pretty sinister model. Yeah. You hire a new artist to kill off the old artist, You need it for the crack him for your, after your next album.


Yeah. You're Not a robot. It's Insane. Don't worry, he's only gonna shoot you a little bit. You won't die. Also, I mean, even if it's not intentional, it's like, you know, you're running a music label and Yeah. Once it happens, once you're like, that worked out pretty well for us. I could see it being like, that guy's a surefire bet. That guy's a good pick. Oh, you wanna sell heroin? We'll give you a little bit of money. How about you get, get in there and get active? Dude, I wouldn't, I could definitely see that happening so far. Right, right. Going in for a meeting, do you have anyone you could kill or Right. Yeah. Do you have any active beefs with anybody? Well, there's like subreddits where like people go on and give like the scoop. Like, this person's against this person. It's all 'cause there's so much upside if you're like, if you pop off on the algorithm, you can make hundreds of thousands of dollars.


That is also scary to me, where, like you said, these reaction videos where those videos also have like a quarter million views just reacting to what someone did on their, like on their live. Yeah. You know, people just sit there and watch people go live and scream record and they'd be like, All right, cool. I got content now. You know? Yeah. I do like the streams, like the young black streamers where it's just dude standing in a room with a fucking scroll of just people commenting. Yeah. Shit's fucking sick. Yeah. And They're just sitting there like eating a sandwich. Yeah. It's, it's insane. It's fucking great. Like K who's the one guy? K Kai Sinat. Kai Sinat. Yeah. He's huge. He's a, he's like a, his platform is massive to the Point where Kamala Harris was like begging to get on the show during her run for election and he wouldn't let her on.


It's crazy that there are podcasters who seem genuinely more powerful than the presidential candidates who are like, nah, I'm good on her. Who else we got you're booking service. You're right here, bro. The presidential, he, He went live to say that. He's like, yo, secret service keeps calling my phone, trying to get me to have Kamala on. I, I don't wanna be political geter, but Kamala, I knew that he was gonna be in his bedroom. Yeah. I knew he was gonna be in those crosshairs when he did that stunt in Union Square. What'd He do? He said he was gonna give out like a few PlayStation fives and like 250,000 kids showed up to Union Square and it was like a massive riot. They destroyed the place and damn, it was like, there was no brand that didn't see that. That was like, yeah, get That kid on the ground.


That's kind of chum in the waters, putting out a bunch of PS fives. Yeah. Right. That a fuck. That's a recipe for disaster. 250,000 people. And They just tore the place apart. Like he had to be, he, his team had to get him out of there in a SUV and it was like helicopter footage of like, people are hanging on the SUV as it's speeding away. Like, you know, they're like hanging on for dear life. It Was like the Iraqi extraction. Yeah. And I'll never forget the day that that happened. We were in the city. I was actually in Washington Square Park recording content, man on the street content from my podcast. And there's just like a helicopter just kind of like hovering.


And I remember my wife, she was like, those are police helicopters. Like, something, something crazy is happening right now. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then we got home and saw the news and it was like, oh yeah. Damn. Yeah. That's, that is wild, man. That's, that is so funny for just podcast. Just dudes in a room. Like, it'd be nice if Kamala went on and did the Kodak Black, where she just like tossed a pill up in the air, caught it, caught perks outta the, he was, that's my favorite appearance on any kind show. Yeah. We just threw a perk in the air, caught in his mouth, and he goes a little glitch for the twitch and just like laid there was Like, fucking Love that dude. Those dudes, I love that they, they're just like, by themselves going live all the time.


Yeah. To the point. I'm not even sure whether they're real people anymore. Yeah. Like, I don't, they're not, they're not. There's no Way. Soldier Boy is a human being. Dude. We, we, I, I got an opportunity to hang out with Kai not once. And is like, they just filmed his girlfriend beating him up and then they stopped and he was like, nice. Yeah. It's insane. Oh wow. Is it just like a made up scene? Yeah. Like it is like the littlest things go, like he's going viral right now as we speak because he was at the BET awards. I saw that. And he was just in the parking lot and fucking Wale is walking in the parking lot and he sees him and he doesn't know who he is, but he was nice. He was like, oh, hey, how you doing? Blah, blah, blah. And then he gets in the, and the, in the thing and the chat is just going crazy.


Like, oh, Wale Wale. And he's like, Wally, what the fuck is Wally? Yeah. And then like, the guy filming is like, Wale. That's the guy you just, he's like, oh, what'd he do? And fuck it. And then like, everyone's like, yo, you don't know Wale, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And Wale, he's kind of petty for this 'cause he does this a lot. Yeah. He's like online and he's always reading comments of what people are saying about him. That sucks. So then he goes and approaches Kai. So like in the award show to be like, yo, that interaction got me looking crazy online right now, man. But we'll talk later. Like, and Kai is like sitting there talking to Snoop Dogg. Like, what? Like what? Yeah. Whatcha talking about? It's also now you look crazy to be like, it's, it's also insane to be like, like, if, if he knew you, that's just how it works. Like if, if somebody doesn't know you, it's not that person's fault.


Right. And you just gotta let it go. Right. Especially if you, He probably did know him though. It is just fucking no fucking with Wally. I'm on Wally. I wouldn't recognize the, if I sold him I would. It's Unbelievable. The disrespect. No. You'd be surprised. What? 21 and 22 year olds? No dude. Don't know. No Kai knows No man. There's, You know, knows This is the most plugged in guy. He's got, he almost had Kamala Harris. Because here's the thing, it's been going on for the rest of the night of other older black celebrities that he didn't know. Yeah. Guys, it's gotta be a test now. No, he's doing a bit. Dude. He's fucking with these guys. These, I mean, you have the inside track. Unbelievable. You have the inside Track. I'm sick and tired of it. What are you sick and tired of?


You show up to the BET horse. You don't know anyone there. Bullshit. It's bullshit. Knew Snoop and Kevin Hart. Who else do you need to know? Everybody else? When's the last time Wale put out a song? I dont know. A single song. I know his songs from like 12 years ago. Okay. But here's the other thing right now, it's still, you know, Wale, right? Yeah. And you know, remember when he was doing his stuff with Seinfeld? No. What Happened? He had an album about nothing. The mixtape about nothing. Oh. Oh. So All his album, he's making stuff with Seinfeld. I thought, I Thought did, he would do skits with Seinfeld in between the songs. But the way the project worked, he reached out. Like he would do these mix tapes about nothing where he would play excerpts from the show to lead in the songs that he wrote.


Right? Yeah. This is why Kai Sinat doesn't know who he is Exactly. But then he like actually reached out to Seinfeld to see if he could get Seinfeld to do these things. And when, literally when Seinfeld got the notice, same thing. What the, what the hell is Wally? And like Seinfeld's wife happened to know, she was in the room like, oh, Wale, I love Wale. He's great. He actually used his clips from your show to do the thing. And if that didn't happen, Jerry would've said no. Jerry only said yes because his wife was like, oh, is it, is it, is it good? She's like, yeah, you should do it. Oh, and he did, but Jerry didn't know who the fuck he was. Damn. But Jerry's wife knows who he is. Isn't surprising since she's dead and Kai Not, doesn't, It's interesting.


Is it? Yeah, he's not, he didn't marry his young girlfriend though, I don't think. Who Seinfeld? Jerry Seinfeld came under fire. No. Yeah. No. He, they were just dating Shoshana. Is that her name? I just guessed A biblical. I like, I like Macron setup where he is married to a woman like 20 years older than him or something. Did you see? She like choked him out? Yeah, I saw it. I think they were fucking around. Yeah. You catch me getting in the throat, my hands or hands to the throat all the time. He was live Streaming the whole thing. Yeah. The comments are going nuts. I saw well, there's like a For real. Did you, you like, did, did you ever hear about this, how they say that President of France's wife is a man? Yeah. Yes. There's like a serious thing into that.


Yeah. But apparently she met him allegedly when he was like a schoolboy. She was like his teacher. And like, they got married and now he's the president of France. Damn. Very French. She really, She very Scouted. Yeah. Yeah. For real. Holy shit. High for talent. He's like Dressed it, I thought hadn't, didn't he like talk about how it was like He just one super French, he's like, oh, love was like, no, no, blah. But there's like Candace Owens like, for real? There's like Court. She's mad about it. No, She, she did like a full documentary. It, she's, she thinks she's like convinced that the dude's wife is a man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like when Full in like, requested one of those things where it's like they like gave her a deposition. Like, yo, you gotta stop saying that because like, I think the press in Europe works where like, if you say something about someone, you have to prove it's true.


But in the United States, you can allege anything kind of you want Yeah. And it's on them to prove it's not true. Right? Yeah. So she sent a thing being, or they said a thing being like, stop. And she was like, prove I'm wrong and I'll stop. And they were like, yeah, we're done. Yeah. Damn. Huh? 15. They started dating. They Met in 1990 when Bridgette was teaching the drama club in Macron was 15 years old. Now they're married. It's kind of mad. Yeah. But that doesn't, they didn't start dating when they, they met. Like, that was their first interaction. And that's fucked up that they're trying to show it that way. You know what I mean? Like, yeah. You can meet somebody. I Think they are on record saying we had a romance when I was at 15.


Like, I think so maybe shortly after. I Thought it was, well, you know what? Yeah, I guess it is possible. It's also France. I'm talking about it as if my, okay. So like my mother-in-law, she had my wife when she was 15. Okay. And here's the crazy thing, I'm closer in age to my mother-in-law than I am to my wife. Whoa. Yeah. So it was like a weird dynamic of how we all hang out. Like, I'm nine years older than my wife, but seven years younger than my mother-in-law. Whoa. Now can I ask you, is your wife like healthy as a horse? I feel like you're healthier when you're born Poor Like that. Yeah. Yes. But like, Yes. But there's like a lot of psychological stuff that happened.


True, true, true. True. True. True. Where like, I can't tell whether this is like from being poor or just being Latina, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I, because I feel like that is like the ideal. Why is Candice so mad? Does she feel like she's being tricked? She's just a journalist. Can Candice like, I, I, I feel like Canice, she knows the game. She's just trolling all day long. Yeah. I, I'm always, I like, I don't watch all of her shit, but when I do, I'm always looking for her to go. You know what I Mean? Like, All right, I got you. Yeah. Well there's a guy, you know, remember the guy Timothy Leary from Harvard who like did a bunch of acid and like got kicked out? Yeah. In like the sixties or whatever. He like came to the conclusion like, dude, we should be having kids at like 16.


The grandparent, your parents should be raising your kids then when you're your grandparents' age, your kids should have kids when they're 16. He's like, it just makes the healthiest humans. 16, 17. Yeah. It's probably true. Ah, maybe he said 18. I don't, I mean, not put smart on his hand, But You said 14, 15. Yeah. 12 Or something or something like that. But yeah. 'cause you know, 'cause there's a thing, man. It's like autism's on like the rise. We don't, we're not producing the healthiest kids. Right. 'cause you think we're making old babies. Old babies. Yeah. Soft come old babies. Soft. Soft shell Cramps. Soft shell crabs. So it might be something, maybe I have to look Into it. Maybe just gotta like, have 16 year olds and you know, just freeze their eggs and jizz.


Yeah. And just keep it, you know, a necklace. Break it when you're ready. That's not bad. You know, It's got, I think, I don't think kids have sex anymore even. No, I've heard it's like all it's dropping off. It's not as, it as like it was They're all Just jacking off and on the computer. Yeah, They're working. Yeah, they're working on the computer. They're jacking off on the Computer. Yeah. God Bless 'em man. I, It's tough.


Okay. Okay. A quick break from the show for a special segment called more or Less finals edition. And it's brought to you by PrizePicks. The finals are on. And we're not just talking about basketball here, we're talking hockey too. Twice the chance for players to show what they've got and twice the chance for you to get in on the fun further prompts to riff. NBA finals basketball Thoughts Hot takes about who's going to win. Is Hai just a foul merchant? I'm wondering that He's a foul merchant, but he's going to get buckets. I would take more every time. On on Sha. More on Shay More. Yeah. More every time on Shay. More on Shay. Shay. Yeah. Every time. More on Shay lab. Boof. You just heard that Good call Stanley Cup Finals Thoughts Hot takes about Who's gonna win? Is it the Oilers year? Oilers are gonna make a comeback. I believe it. Do you think Canada is gonna take it? Finally? Last time they won, believe it or not, was 1993. I know it was a long time ago. Canadians 93. I want, I want Edmund to comeback and win it. I think, I think Dry Seidel and McDavid are gonna turn it on. I want Canada to lose Canada less. Florida's in in the, in the Catbird seat. I think they're up two one. Really? Yeah. All right. We'll see. Love that. Yeah. When were you con when were you way too confident about making a pick that fell apart? Art Boilers to win the cup. Okay. Which team in the NBA finals do you care more or could care less about Pacers Care More Thunder Care Less, but they're both good. Do you want the Pacers to Win? I think I want Pacers to win a little more. They're the underdog. Always go for the Underdog. Yeah. I kinda want the Pacers to win as well. I wanted To win too. 'cause I, I was just in that city and my God, they need it. That city Shit. Worst city. God. They need a win. And SGA on Oklahoma City, right? He's Canadian. Yeah, he is Canadian. So he's root against Canada all over the less On the Canadian as well. He had a Canadian on the team. Yeah. He's like one of the best players in the league. Is He really? Yeah. Yeah. Les, I'm, I'm mad Canada won't Let us buy their country. I know. I'm pissed off already. Yeah. Come On. Join the fucking fold, man. It Would be kinda sick. Owning Canada would be awesome. Can't we buy it from the British? Wouldn't It? It would also, if they were just one state and it's 51 like this settles that like election thing. Right? Because it's like, now it's an odd number of states. Wait, why does it matter how many states? I don't understand Because then it's not like an even divide of like, 25 went this way, 25 went that way. Yeah, true. It has to go one way. 'cause it's an ev an odd number Of state. I see, I see what you're Saying. Yeah. So every state just gets one vote state for state Canada would be Hard. Damn too. They'd be, Yeah, probably. It'd be pretty hard. Damn. I don't know. Ah, yeah, those Truckers. Truckers to get fired up. Fired up. Yeah. Calgary is like, they're, they're like Texas and Calgary. Yeah. Well, we'll, we'll have to see what hap what happens guys? Any particular players, teams or matchups that you've enjoyed? Has anything surprise you? Do you have any predictions for the rest of the playoffs? I think we got into it. I think we, yeah. Pacers. Yeah, I think the pa I mean, I don't actually, I think my prediction is the thunder's gonna win every single of to Necks game. You think So? I don't want to see that. Yeah. Didn't the thunder just lose recently? Yeah, They, they lost recently by like one and like a crazy loss and then they blew 'em out to Necks game by like 20. Damn. Damn. So let's get into it. How do our hot takes fit into the PrizePicks lineups? Did I mention how easy this app is to use? Guys, please begin with your picks. I think we made 'em, we're gonna go. You think the thunder's gonna win? I Think Thunder's gonna win more or less. More. More on certain players. More on Shea. More on Halliburton. There we go. More on, I would go less on Jalen. On Jalen. All right. And less on Che. Oh eight rebounds. More on chat. What Do they got hockey wise over there? Don't see it. Okay. Don't Have the data. I'm gonna go more on Batia. Yan, mark. There you go. Yeah. Let's, let's lock those two picks in guys. So that's our take. Now it's time to lock in. Yours too. With PrizePicks, win real money with your best takes. Whether it's points, rebounds, assist, take your pick of more or less on their stat projection for your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash. Today, PrizePicks is available in more than 30 states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. You can submit your picks in 60 seconds or less. It's so easy. We just did it. Download the app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Yeah, I don't know, man. I, I, I wish I got into sex early. I I wish I would've waited. Wow. Early. You really? I lost my Virginia at 14. You were in the drama club, huh? You were in the drama club. In the drama Club. What do you think waiting would've done? I think even to this day, sex is still such a big, big priority. Like Yeah. It's like, it's too much of a focal point. And I see other people who don't have it as bad as me and how much more stuff they get done. Yeah. Where you're just like, yeah. And I'm so busy just trying to chase. Like I was talking about that LA last night. I was laughing about how the other night I'm hanging at the, at the creek and there was like one girl there.


Yeah. One girl. And I stayed fully occupied and talked to this girl the minute she left. I was like, All right, well see you guys later. You know what I mean? I love the mayor, all those guys. I'm like, well, I guess there's no reason to hang out with you guys. Well, I got real sleepy all a sudden. Yeah. Yeah. It feels pointless Now. Yeah, I know. There Really is no point. Well, if you're like not trying to have sex, there's really no point of going out. I try to tell my wife this. I'm like, why are we going out? Right. But it's also bad with me on even interacting with women in general. Yeah. Like, if there's no potential of having sex, you'd be like, okay, what is the point of this conversation again? Yeah. What are we, I'm, I'm not trying to be Rude, but like, I can't even understand you anymore.


Where we go, where are we gonna be friends? Like what, what is I don't get it. Yeah. I don't think you could do that. I, I, I genuinely think being like, it's one thing to be friendly with a woman, but to be like, let's chill. I I still, to my head, it's like, how, why would you do that? Yeah. Even because of the age proximity with my mother-in-law, I don't talk to her on the phone. Yeah. I go through her husband for everything. Yeah. Just because in my mind there's still that chance. Yeah. For sure. So it's just, and it, it's probably all in my head. It's not real, but that's what I'm saying. It's generally all in your head. It's Insane. Insane. I can't afford Her. You Crazy. Like, no, I suffer from the same thing. I can't call my mother-in-law something my house FaceTime her with your shirt off you, like, you gotta stop doing it.


I suffer from the same exact thing of like the, that small voice being like, is she trying to fuck me? Oh God. I think, God, every time I'll get like an Uber eat delivery. I'm like, was she trying to fuck me that? Yeah. I used to go through that at like, as a kid, like, well as a young adult, going to see the doctor and like the nurse will say some shit. Like, okay, take your pants off and hop up on a table. And you're like, That Is so funny. Right. You trying to get it in real quick before the doctor comes. Like, what are we doing here? It is so funny. Even when you're like 11 And you just think the nurse is gonna walk in and be like, we've never seen a kid. Yeah. This Is Never in our lives. Dude. You're a specimen. I need you.


Dude, when I was younger, I, I assumed all boat. I just assumed wrongly. I had a huge dick. I didn't know. Yeah. Yeah. And then I, you know, obviously I eventually learned came grips of reality. I did not, but I just assumed I was just crushing it. Yeah. And I became an adult and I was like, ah, All right. Yeah. Definitely not, definitely not standard issue for sure. I still catch it every once in a while and I go, that's, it's looking good today. Yeah. Yeah. The Austin heat is definitely on my side, But I, I've turned that leaf where I now am like, you know, hopefully it stays 'cause I suffer from the same thing where it was just like, especially in a relationship, I'm like, I'm counting the days. I'm like, we've been six in fucking four days and I start just being really unpleasant.


That's what I'm saying. Right. I've turned a leaf now where I'm like, and it's kind of, I, I total reverse psychology. I think it's just a deeper ploy. Yeah. But I've been hitting my wife with like, nah, man, I'm trying to retain my, I'm trying to retain, oh. Like maybe once a week max. I even told her, I was like, I'll just flip the script on you. But I, I have, We Were laughing about this, but I have been done a thing where I'm just like, you let me know. I'm just gonna keep this shit to myself. And just, I, like, I don't look at porn anymore to eight people are sick of hearing me talking about this. Yeah. But it's like, I just, I've just not even, you know, it gets to the point after like a, like a nine day kind of hold in. I'll start just getting like Terminator vision. I think my wife starts to pick up on it. Like, All right dude, I'll, I'll fucking crank you off just To fuck.


And that's funny. She's paying, She's paying attention to you. Yeah. Which she should. That's the thing that pisses me off sometimes when I see that in marriages where it's like a woman is hyperfocused on the kids. Yes. She's hyperfocused even on the animals and their need. And it's like, Hey, you're not noticing the guy walking around, chip on his shoulder. You Know, I'm breathing like dark nature to holding it. My wife, she thank God I, she, and I hope she can keep this up, but like, she's even gotten good at giving me sex before attending events that she knows I don't want to be at. That's Nice. You know what I mean? So it's like, oh, your grandmother's 69th birthday party.


All right, I'm gonna go. But like, you know, she's like, don't worry, we'll have sex before you go. And then now I'm just here at the party relaxed, like, Hey, whatcha guys doing? It's good to see you all. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I did have the opposite effect on me. If you fucked me before the party, I'd be like, I'm not gonna the party. There's no way I'm gonna to the party. You need the car, you need the carrot. Right. I can't go. I'm go to go to the party. Yeah. Yeah. That's actually, But you gotta do it before, because women, they always somehow get tired or get headaches. Yes. Like, that's the interesting thing I've seen now why women get so many headaches. Like, does your wife forget to eat a Lot? Yes. Every fucking Day Do Yeah. It's the dumbest thing in the world where you're like, I forgot To eat the day. It's Infuriating.


Yeah. It's absolutely fucking infuriating. And I'm like, All right. And it's classic like, well, we have this in the fridge. I don't want that. It's like, then you're not fucking hungry. Yes. You're not hungry. Eat A Eat a fucking snack. Yes. Yeah. We have a Bowl of fruit right there. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not hungry for that. Lick The bag. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That I, I'm, it has been freeing though. Just being like, look, I'll, I'll catch myself in that same feedback loop where I'm like, I should be having, and I'm just like, nah, man, just let it go. And it's like been very freeing, awkward. It's such, such a funny strategy to hold income until there's like a real threat of violence.


You know, I'm gonna hold this in until so dangerous. She has to jack me off. Dude, after a While she just, She just wakes up and finds him sitting on the foot of the bed fucking five 30 in the morning and he's staring at the Wall. Yeah. Dude, you start talking in like three word answers. Magic. Yes. That'll be fine. It's like when, when pigs become like feral and turn into a fucking, you start throwing tusks in. Like, Dude, if I, now, if I wake up at like five 30, I just, I'm like, fuck it. I'm up. My day started before I would kind of linger around in bed and be like, Hmm, lemme see if she's awake. And now I just pop right up. And that's another one. They're like, lay back down. You're like, no.


For what? Yeah. Oh yeah. We're not doing anything. I'm going, working my Laptop. Yeah. That, that is the Yeah. That, that is fascinating. And that lay around in bed, letting the morning go because you're hoping that she'll wake up at some point and just be in the mood. And that's my prime time. She's Yeah. It's a morning. She's a morning gal. So it's like nighttime. She's shattered. She's like going to bed. Yeah. Morning is like, you know, when I can really get her going. Right, right. But yeah, now I just get up and I go, before The devil knows you're dead. The situation, I get up and go, you awake? She's like, no. I go, well, bye. Morning though is also dangerous because it's easy to stop dating if you're getting it in the morning.


'cause you don't have to get dressed up for that. You don't have to. You know what I mean? And even now, like I even brush Your teeth. Yeah. It's just like, and then you're not gonna get dressed afterwards. Like, I'm, I'm, I've already achieved everything in life that I wanted today. It's six 30 in the morning. Yeah. I'm done. There's No reason to do anything else. Yeah. Yeah. But that will, I don't even need to go to work. I already got laid. Yeah, I'm done. That will, I feel like that will set for me. It would. I'm, I'm bad. I am trying to get better with this, with like married dates. Like we haven't been on a date in a while. It's like, we're done dating. We beat, we we're done with that. Yeah. And I'm like, and I'm, I just, me being autistic, I'm like, I need to get to my office and write. Yeah. And You To go out. The minute you try to reintroduce it, you don't even, like, you don't even like it anymore because it's like, as older, especially as a married couple trying to date, it's like, then we have to deal with shit like parking.


It's just like so many reasons to not do it once you stop doing it. Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah. There's not, there's only the only reservations 8:00 PM I'm like, I'm done. I can't do that. Let's do a five 30 dinner. Come back, let the babysitter off It. It's also, yeah. I don't know, going out to dinner. I don't like being in a room with other people out to dinner Like a restaurant. Yeah. You know what I mean? Valentine, Valentine's Day. I Mean, when you're all Valenti. Yeah. Dude, That's, that's like the worst. Yes. I've gone out on Valentine's Day with her like a few years ago and it's just like couples that have just met, like pulling the chair out for each other. My, I'm like, All right. Fucking relax. Take it easy. Take it easy, dude. Take it easy. Right. You're not better than me. And you Like Yeah.


It's the worst. You're sitting at the bar. 'cause you didn't make a reservation in time. Yeah. Oh, everyone, everyone else is at an actual table. Yeah. I fucked up this year. I totally put it off the last minute and tried to do a last minute thing. I'm like, there's like a food hall. We can go to Many different options. S the ut cafeteria. Yeah. I'm trying to get better with the dates, So I gotta, I gotta get better. It's Valentine's Day. I don't think Terry Blacks would be packed. It's Like many options. It's pretty cool. It's a mall food court. You go shopping afterwards. Oh Shit. Yeah. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get much better with that. Well, It's also, the dates feel, I don't know, dates feel unnatural.


You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They only feel weird. 'cause you've talked, I've like, I've talked to you all day. Well, yeah. That's the other thing. I think dates you're, you're being fake on a date and now if you're married, you're real. So it's like, I'm not turning on the fake thing now. Like, what, what we gonna do? You know? Yeah, Exactly. Be like, yeah, I come from a big family. What else? Yeah, you're just, it's just us talking about our kids. Right, right. And both being like, fuck, I'm so tired. Yeah. And we have like two drinks and eat dinner and we're like, let's get the fuck outta here. Here. Yeah. Yeah. But we, I'm taking her out for a birthday this weekend. Have a nice little trip. Oh, That'd be nice. Yeah. What Do you anything? Birthday season? We're going to Napa. We're taking to Napa. Oh really? Yeah. Damn. Yeah. That's fun.


It'll Be cool. You Know, look, let's go get fucked up. Yeah. It's get hammered. Good fight. It's in the cards. It's in the fucking cards. It is just two beers is all it takes to just rip the veneer off. Yeah. We're fighting. We'll be in the back of like one of those little party vans. Just be like, what the fuck? No, you're just fighting. Why did I do this? Why the fuck did you say that shit to me? The fucking place. Yeah. It'll be, it'll be, yeah. Shit starts coming up from years or weeks ago. Or it Goes the other way. Or it's just like totally lovey-dovey. It can go either way. When the alcohol kicks in, that's when, if you're like nine, 10 days deep, it comes out. You're like, don't even fucking touch me anything.


I saw this thing online. The guy said, you're not giving me blow jobs. You think I'm a beta And you hate me secretly. And you've secretly been, what's it called? Lily pad hopping. Just fucking lily pad hopping to get through a high target alpha male. It is Funny. It is funny in their minds that it's like a girl does want to suck a dick. That's what they're saying at All times. You know, obviously. So if they're not sucking your dick, they're thinking about another dick to suck. Is their logic. Yeah. I th yeah. I mean, or what I think that could be like, There's no way they could just be living their lives. Yeah. There's no way they can just be content and be like, thank God I don't gonna suck a guy's dick anymore. Right, Right, right. I'm on the account, I'm on the mortgage.


I don't have to suck a guy's dick anymore. This is heaven. Yeah. I, I'm like, for real. Trying to work my way into like, kind of asexuality. Yeah. I heard you talking about this. I saw clip. What'd You say? Into what? Asexuals When it's just like, just Being non Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it'll never happen. 'cause it's like I will still, I'm still a red-blooded guy. Like it, I know. It builds up quick in me. That's Why I wonder what it was to be like, to be like one of those eunuchs back in the day. So sick. Like, We're like a, you know, like a king would just like castrate a dude and it'd be like, All right, now you stay and hang out with my wife and keep her company while I'm on the road conquering shit. Nice. No, that Would suck. It's the choice. Being able to like, the, the, the total denial of sexual desire does seem like it's like a, the ultimate power.


Yeah. You'd be so clear. That's why they were like the advisors, like they were like the most trusted advisor. You'd be like, bro, hit me with like a clear, It's so Funny. And like, dude, you're just trying to fuck the princess in Siberia. And you're like, you're right. You're right. I don't have to go in invade that place. You're right. I live in a state of total post nut clarity. It's funny. It's Literally No Nut Clarity, Complete. Just like, you know, what is that really necessary? Like, yeah. I'm just spinning out, dude, I'm gonna go. It's like every time they're probably like, you're sire. I think you should just go rub one out. I think you'll feel that good Call. So funny. A guy being like, guys are nuts. It's like, well, maybe we should hire a woman advisor. No, no, no, No, no, no, no. Get a guy cut his dick off.


That's what we need. Yeah. Maybe we shall consult with the duchess. It's like, dude, relax, relax. We'll figure this out. That, and I think they were, that was like an esteem position. So if you were like, if you just got conquered, you know, and they like cut your dick off, the dudes would be like, lucky you were just headed to be like a galley slave. And you are like, dude, for real. Cut my dick off. Just Yeah. The bottom Of a boat for your whole life. Just, Yeah. Just rowing. It's the way you come in and show your loyalty. Sir, I'm here to serve you forever. I wonder if you get phantom Just Tucked phantom boners, you know, p Like phantom limb syndrome. Yeah.


Or like, they at least dream that they still have a deck. Yeah. You wake up And you, I feel like at that point your nipples would just get really hard. Your nipples just stick out. But I don't think you would even really part, like, you wouldn't have a lot of testosterone, I don't think at that point. I don't know. But it's, you still gotta be, I don't know. Right. You still gotta be able to feel it in a dream situation. You could woke, you know, you could have like a man having a wet dream with no. You know. Have you ever seen your dick in a dream? No. I don't Think I ever have. It's Crazy. No, no. Which is weird too, because remember as a kid you would have like, those, like Other people have seen my dick in a dream. Like Yeah. I have this one where like my whole elementary school points and laughs Stage.


So Yeah. I've never seen my dick in a dream. They say you don't see cell phones in dreams. Typically. It's very rare to see a cell phone in a dream. Yeah. Yeah. But I've just started dreaming again. I think it's 'cause I've, I've reduced my weed intake. Yeah. And man, these, I've been having nightmares, like full on nightmares comes Back hard. Yeah. Yeah, Man. But Yeah, I, I had that, I went through a run of that. I went on like a three day bender watching baseball games. And then I came back and I like, like six, six nights in a row had every bullshit dream. You could have teeth falling out, falling off a cliff naked, stuck in a wedge. Naked covered. Stuck in a wedge.


Sucks. I've done that. Stuck. Yeah. So I've done stuck in a wedge where it's like, almost like a lucid dream and it like fucking, I'm like trapped under a staircase being like, dude, get me the fuck outta here. Yeah. It sucks. Covered in bees. It was covered in bees. You're just waking up and watching the Phillies again to necks day. It was like, dude, It was so sad. What's A three day baseball bender? Like? That sounds kind of nice. It Was fucking awesome. My, my lady accidentally bought tickets to the entire like college, baseball regional final. And so there was Oh, This was live? Yeah. Yeah. So we, and we, I lived right next to the babe baseball stadium. So we would just wake up, walk over the baseball stadium, start drinking, watching like Houston Christian versus University of Texas, San Antonio.


I thought you were in front of the Tube. Just sweating What? I thought you were in front of the tube. I thought you were going like full PopPop mode. I'm like, That's powerful. No, no. We were going to the game just getting hammered. That's fun. Yeah, It was great. I like that. But then, you know the dreams afterwards. Normally I get, I'll get crazy dreams, but this was just like straight outta the textbook. Yeah. Bullshit teeth falling out's. Bullshit. Yeah. I get teeth falling out, jumping and floating. That's like a cool one. I get every now and again where I can jump and like hover in the air. Yeah. Or just somehow like jump and then like fly, like I'm like a plastic bag. I get those a lot where I can jump and it's kind of like, and it's, I'm like showing everyone. I'm like, dude, I can, I knew I could do this. That's crazy. And I fly around. I feel like flying is the hardest thing to do in A dream.


I fly. I do, I have, I get like, not like pure flight, but I can jump and I can learn. I can like float my body Yeah. Over buildings and come back down. It's like really realistic and I'm like, oh fuck, I'm coming down hard. And I'm able to like, it's pretty cool. It Does feel like a measure of your confidence Maybe. You know what I mean? Like somewhere in your brain you're still going. There's no way I could actually fly, but I, I'll sail along like a bag. It's like I am doing it. Just my brain telling me I'm just drifting pointlessly through life. Yeah. I've done, I've had those because I can never, I've never flown in a dream ever. But I've tried. I, I do say I jump super high, but then I just come back down. Then I wake up and I'm like, it was a fucking dream and I couldn't fly.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Fuck dude. Time. Time for the So disappointed Time For the clean Raiders to play. We had a motherfucking hour. All right, let's, let's stop and slide in the pager on. All right. Word.