
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wes. Yes. Yes. What a man. What a little what a week. What a crazy week. What a absolutely crazy week, Man. I'll say this about Shannon. Yeah. The funniest thing to me about Shehe defending himself is being like, you only have a 32nd video. Release the full 10 minutes. It's like, he was like, I didn't fuck for 30 seconds. I fought for 10 minutes. Put the whole sex tape out. He's on. I get it's, he's on a mission for like, some male sex award. He's always, he's been talking about this for years. Like, I'm a deep sea fisherman. I plumb to depth. He's like Always Talking about his don game. Man, It's a dangerous world. Eventually you get caught up.


Yeah, Man. You gotta, you gotta, you know, dude, I, I was reading a, It's the High Seas. True. You know what I mean? You can't be deep sea fishermen. You can't be, man. It's gotta be, you know, he, he's too old for that dude. I read it like, you know, in like articles now, they include internet comments. One of 'em I was reading on the root, did you ever read that publication? Yeah. The Root. It's usually the, I have, yeah. It's a lot of, it's like clickbait stuff, but one of the, Oh, it gets me the Takes something, the takes. I'm back By the way you back. I'll let you Fitch. I'm back though. I'm back in my evil wing, wing, wing. I'm right wing king Saw sin last night. I'm back. Dude. The funniest takes one of them was, you know, you have like, the whole situation going on, and then it's like, one of the top takes is like, no way, like a BM will allow a WW to talk to him this way.


Never allow a BW to talk. It's like just someone who's pissed being like, they'd never let a black woman talk to They using in Kirby's terms. Yeah. A BA bw, A BW BMS will let bw wws talk to 'em however they want, but they'll never let a BW talk to them like that. And it's like, dude, that's your takeaway on this. I, I haven't looked into any, anything about it at all. One of the, other than I just saw a little bit of Yeah. Shannon defending himself being, at least it just crack me up being like, it wasn't 30 seconds, dude. Yeah. It was 10 minutes Or, yeah. Or just be also like, release the Full tape. We can all relate to that. Release The full tape. It's like, bro, come on man. He wants tape. I mean, I get, I get it. If you're painting in the corner, it's a bad corner to repainted in.


But it's Call calling one of the girls on e esp a whore. Who? Oh, joy Taylor. Yeah. Who called? No one's saying shit about Shannon Sharp's out here putting out sex tapes. Skip got fired. What'd skip get fired for? He was being a horny ass Joy Taylor stuff. Oh yeah. I saw Skip do that debate about LeBron. He looked like he was going to get gang banged. What happened did that, he just did a, like a, one of those things where you sit down and people argue with you, Verse like 25 People. Yeah. It was like LeBron verse Jordan. But it started, he was like, I'm skip and I'm gonna, and there's just a bunch of dudes standing behind him. It looked nuts. These people are out. They're bonkers, Bro. Yeah. I don't understand the need for like, that level of discourse where it's like, it having two people have a conversation is not enough.


I need to see somebody. Verse 25. I mean, it's a fetish. It's fully porn. It's literally, Yeah. It's buka. Yeah. It's literally buka By the way. We've all been, there you go. I'd like to see her take on more than just one guy. Let's see what 25 looks like. I wish I hadn't done that. I'm not the man I thought I was. Yeah, I they did. Someone said that was an ancestral dragon, like dragging for like, you know, for sharp, messing around with these snow bunnies. Leave them buddy. Leave Them buddies alone, bro. True. Dr. Umar said that You need to see sinners. Dr. Dr. Umar needs to fucking worry about his own house. Man. You need to see him. Don't sorry. Don't. I won't speak About another man's House. Don't talk about him. Dude. Don't try.


He will get you. Let him, bro. He Defends. He defends Shannon on, but on one condition that he leaves them snow bunnies alone from now on. That's What He says. You gotta leave the snow buns alone. I agree. Got It. Bro. Especially that guy. No, Nate, Nate. Big No from me. Nate, I'd like you to leave the snow buns alone. That's something. And Dr. Remar can agree on. I, I got, I got triggered last night. Dude. What happened? Saw Sinners. It's What's it about? It's about evil Irish vampires attacking black people to steal their souls and music. Two, to steal the rock and roll.


What was this on? It's a huge movie. What? Obviously a hundred percent on Rotten Tomatoes, obviously. Yeah. Yeah. No, the movie fucking does rule. It was, it was a very good movie. But Irish vampires, It kind of hyped me up at one point. They sang Rocky Road to Dublin outside of the, it was, I mean, it was, it's basically dust till Dawn with Django. There's a Django scene. There's a Django scene. You'll, you'll see when you see it. Where does movie Fuckers, where, where does it take place? You're never gonna guess Jim Crow, Mississippi. 19. Oh, you're never gonna guess One of our proudest moments. Yeah. There's running back the hits. There's Just running back the big time hits.


No, it was, the movie was good, but again, it was, I I'm working on not being able to, not getting triggered by race. Yeah. Race. Race baiting. But that's not, the movie was good. It was a Good movie. Yeah, it Was good. But why were they fucking Irish vampires? The evil white vampires did kind of piss me off. And the only white people in the movie were evil, nasty fucks. Dang. Yeah. Do you think it's strategic at all? 'cause they're, the people make that argument a lot. Yes. Obviously it's strategic. Well, I'm saying Right now It's shoehorned Native Americans and Asians into the good side. What? So it was everybody against the honks dude. The honks were outside going. So the, the 18 hundreds Asians were like, Hey, my black brother Y Yeah.


They still won't do that. Dude. It's 2025. It's 2025. It's, I guess what Happened to that communities where they fell apart? I Don't know. But I guess they had It figured out back then. It's a thing in the Delta, I guess Mississippi, where Asians did go there and due to Jim Crow laws opened bodegas and shit. Yeah. To be like, you guys can fucking Be, they're a middleman minority. That's, that's their whole thing. And they did that, I guess back then, I don't know how prevalent it was that it needed to be in the movie. I don't know how many fucking Choctaw Indians were running around in 1930. But, you know, fuck it. There was vampires. So what Was, what was it, what was the vibe in like the, The vibe in the theater? No, the VIIA. You went in the theater and watched.


I saw it last night. Oh shit. Yep. I was one of the few honks I'm talking about in the, in the bodega. And whenever they'd make a point in the movie, I'd hear a lot of, and it didn't piss me off until, did ever get any, until I got on. Yeah. Well Actually I almost was standing up and going. I, if you look into the actual history, I don't know. I don't know. What do I know? You've never been there Fires you. I wish it didn't. The only thing that bothers me, it's not that movie. It's just that that's how people get their history. Yeah. That's what they think was real. Yeah. Like Irish vampires always. No, not the Irish Vampire.


But like, I got on Twitter and someone was like, that's why black people don't have welcome mats. Colette vampires in. That's just old Mississippi Voodoo. There you go. Yep. For sure. Every single thing that we do today was from that. What? I think that was just one dumb person. But You know, what the fuck? The welcome match? Are you telling Me that it's about vampires? Not, yeah, But you told me not letting them into your house. Does that let a vampire enter? If you have a welcome mats, like technically you welcome me into your house. Yeah. I guess What? I don't know. You'll see the movie does Michael B. Jordan fucking rules. He rules in it. He fucking rules. And he plays his twin brother as he plays himself twice.


What? Which normally I fucking hate. Yeah. He did a great job. You know, he professed He nut he professed out and it was pretty good. That's awesome. I was, I, when they told me he was playing his brother, I was like, oh, that sucks. Yeah. And I saw it and I was like, man, he's pretty fucking, He did a good job. Fuck. Dang dude. He's cool. I hope he kills all the white devils. And he got them. He did get the white devils. How Do you, how do you kill, what do you s like a potato in their heart. How do he kill you? Ah, a potato D They wanna suck your potatoes. They're trying to get in there. Your Want your potatoes. Gimme Your spuds. I know you've got spuds in there. Let me in. I'd like to suck your spuds.


I know You're keeping the spuds back there. Let me in there. But yeah, music starving. The music scenes were fucking sick. And I really, yeah, you'll see. Yeah, whatever. I'm complimenting a lot 'cause I got frustrated. I probably it too. You're gonna love it. I'm forward. You guys are gonna, I'm really Looking forward to seeing it. Actually. I would love it. They need, let's get a white movie. I mean, You think you get sick of the story after a while? What do you mean? Let's get a white movie Where we kill all the other races. Oh, you Can't do that. Why you guys do every single fucking d We used to do it. We Had those. I know they were big hits. Swear to God. I think they showed Birth of a Nation at the White House. Yeah. Remake Song of the South. Yeah.


Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by PrizePicks. Yes. The basketball playoffs are here. And the action is heating up on PrizePicks. The best place to cash in on your favorite sports. I mean, dude, what are you, what are you excited about for the start of the playoffs? For the playoffs? Who do you have winning at all? I have, I would like to see the Lakers win it all. I like what they're out there. Nice. And I usually don't like the Lakers, but I, I'm enjoying Iage. I'd like to see Lena Donkey and LeBron Jones. Yeah. True. LeBron Jones. Some particular players. I'm glad you mentioned some particular players. I'll mention a particular player, LeBron James. Yeah. I Hope You wanna see him come. Just, I'd like to see him do great. How many More, how many more seasons do you think he has in If, if he wins here, this, you know, this could be it. Yeah. True. But he's doing great. He's having a great year. Bit of a renaissance. Beautiful. Don't miss your chance to add your favorite players from the court in your PrizePicks lineup. Whether it's points, rebounds, or assists. Take your pick of more or less for your shot to now win up to 2000 times. Your cash. Can't be 2000 times, 2000 times. Did you read that right? 2000. Holy hell. Was 1000. Holy hell. Now it's 2000. I mean, this week on PrizePicks. I, I'm trying to think who I'm gonna go with. I think, What about Sha Nikola Joki for more than 25 points? Ooh, that's a good one. That's my pick. I'm gonna go Shay Ress Alexandra. I don't know how to say his name. Really? Shay Ress Alexander. He's the man you'd like KC. They're a fun team. Yeah. I Actually heard them Beating the brakes off of the Grizzlies. Did they really? They're fucking killing them. That's awesome. Every game. They, it's two games, but good guys crushing them. Yeah. Beautiful. First game was by like 50. What? It was over. I turned it on. They were down fucking 50. I was like, this is outta control. Jesus. So I would take, I would just pick a random player from the Thunder and say more or more, more. Well, You heard our picks. You Heard our picks. Now it's time to lock in. Your playoff picks with PrizePicks. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. That's nuts. I'm telling you, PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into Cash. You can submit your picks in 60 seconds or less. I can literally do it while sitting on the toilet, just sitting there. Download the apps and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game. Run your game.


Yes. I mean, You guys were the bad guys for Movies. You guys, you guys were some bad guys for Yeah. They had a good run of being Not really Well. Yeah, they were portrayed pretty flatly in one dimensionally for A while there in the early, Early Nineties. Early 20th century, early nineties. They were hits though. S Yeah. Black people just like stop being, this is the first like Irish vampire movie. Like black people just stopped being portrayed as bad guys necessarily all the time. I, I don't remember them being a bad guy in a movie. Is there a bad Guy in the last 30 years since I've been alive? If they're A bad guy in the movie, they're still like the star in the movie. Like train Day.


Like Denzel. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Train day or I guess John Q He was kind of the bad guy. It's always Denzel. Denzel being a hero. Yes. Denzel being kind of a hero bad Guy. I guess you, I guess it was more the Russians were the bat Russians. Russians Bad guy have been bad for since 1980. I Feel like you could, I there's gotta be some black bad guy movies. Or maybe they just portrayed like thug henchman all the time. I don't Know. Thug henchmen are always white. It's like a fucking home alarm system. Commercial. Yeah. True. It's Always two white guys breaking into your house. Like gimme a Potatoes. Maybe. I'm just thinking maybe I might, I might just be thinking of the news in the nineties. That might be what the news. The news was crazy. No, that's a horse of a different color. I'll be getting movies mixed up with the news. Yeah. Movies since I've been alive.


Now I will say they did hit black people with cool black friend sidekick. Yeah. For a while. About 20 years. Yeah. Which, come on, man. We're trying. Yeah, I'm going right now. This Is the honks trying their best Movies Now. It's white friend sidekick in black movies. That's nice. We've switched. Yeah. I watched G 20. You guys are gonna love that. GG 20 what? G 20. Oh, come on man. It's the, it's the best film. Come on. What's G 20? It's Michelle Obama biopic. What? No, it's not. It's not. It's Viola Davis plays a kick ass war hero that becomes president and saves everyone's life.


Saves time to save the whole world again. It's Good. It's, what's it based on? It's based on evil White guys break in to try to kill the coolest black lady and the, the coolest black husband and their kids. Enough Enough. Dude, that's very good. Enough. Enough. I've had it up to here. Dang. Meanwhile, UNC is Sweating right now. I'm Sorry. Right. It's the unc apocalypse dude. It's unc It is the unc apocalypse Fucking Kanye. Kanye has UNC Pauls Right now. Kanye might be a vampire. He sucked his cousin. He fucking wanted to suck his cousin. Well, I love how they're like, he allegedly sucked his c It's like he said it himself.


I mean, it could be making It up. I would also agree. It could be. Yeah. Just, just chatting. But that one seems that's, that's a tough one to put on yourself. That's the weirdest troll. Yeah. And I like, I was like, maybe the song, I listened to the song, I'm like, this is so disturbing, dude. Because Blizz tricked me. Blizz like, the song's actually pretty good. And I was like, how could that, and I listened to it. I'm like, no, this is not, this is making me feel weird. I'm on an airplane right now, dude. I didn't listen to this song yet. It's just him in autotune being like, oh, suck my cousin's dick. It's like, it's it's crazy dude. It's Crazy. He says that in the song. I, I, I think, oh, this song. Fucking Rules. I gave my cousin head. That's a, yeah. I gave my, I gave my cousin head. I gave my cousin head.


It's crazy, dude. It's, you sound like big daddy Mark. I love Big Daddy Mark. Too bad. You know who whatchamacallit Nate Dog's not around. I'll be like, oh, Gabe, my cousin. Who? Yeah, It'd be good. The Hook master Suck his dick every day. That could have been the summer banger dude. We were talking About that would've Yeah. We'd need that instead. We got cousins. Is that what it's called? Cousins. Cousins. That's the summer banger Sucking cousin. Yeah. They could be playing that at the club. I mean, it's just, I'm, I'm rarely disturbed. And I was like, yep, you got me, man. I'm, I'm genuinely fucking disturbed and whacked out listening to this. This is a crazy admission. And you like, maybe he's just Yeah. Really purging everything. He probably Saw a white lotus. True.


He was probably like, I could do that. Yeah, true. That is, he has his pulse on the culture. He's he got got the pulse of the culture man, Nate. Yeah. That was Nate. Nate, are you skinny? Am I what? Did you lose some weight? I, I haven't been drinking as much and I've been in the gym. I might have lost A little bit. You lost a lot of weight, man. You're trying to, you're trying to avoid after Onk got in trouble. You're trying to distance yourself. Yeah. You trying to No, I You trying to leave the Onk sphere? I'm not trying to, I would never leave the Onk sphere. You're still in the Uncle Sphere? I, I Don't think I can leave it. I think I'm too dug in now. Yeah. Although I, you might, you know, there's a lot of snow bunnies not taking up right now. He might snow bunny's up for grabs right now. Snow Bunny Season. Onk had himself a little rabbit hutch, bro. He did.


He had a little wa his wa He is was wee wabbit. He does kind of talk like folks. He Does. Poor unc dude. I mean, I, Stephen A. Smith played the fence pretty well. He's just like, we're looking into the matter very, very, very seriously. Very, he got like, real into the hierarchy of ESPN. He goes, I'm authorized to say that right now by the higher ups. He's like, there's, there's levels to this. There's people even higher than me in ES, espn. They're telling me, I can tell you this. Yeah. They're looking into it very, Very soon. ING goes all the way to the top. This goes to the very top curb street Zing goes all the way to the top. Lee Corso said we could do it. He said, I could be very vague about this.


This episode is brought to you by True classic The number of times I've ordered what I thought were easy basics and gotten just Terrible fitting, Terrible fitting, crappy quality stuff. When I'm shopping for clothes, I'm honestly just looking for quality stuff that I can wear across a whole day work, gym, whatever. And that's why we like True classic. Yep. True Classic makes premium clothes at affordable prices for all seasons. Their shirts, for example, really nicely accentuate all the good areas like your arms and chest, while giving that midsection some breathing room. But it's not just the shirts they've gotten active wear, that's moisture wicking, odor fighting, quick drying and anti-microbial. These kinds of quality, perfectly tailored pieces usually cost a fortune. But True classic delivers top-notch fit and feel where you really, where you really want And you save a lot, Whether you're bundling up for the cold or getting ready for spring level up your style with clothes that actually fit. Right. Just go to our exclusive link@trueclassic.com slash MSSP to save. That's True classic.com/ MSSP. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today.


Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, we'll see. Yeah, man. I mean dude, it's like, Hopefully, hopefully it's all fabrication. You know, I Mean, they have the phone call, which again, it's like, I was listening to it being like, damn, bro, you're walking right into this. The phone call was the one you just played where you said Black Eye chokes white girl. No, no, no. That was a goof. There Was, yeah. No, there was a legit One. Clearly a goof. I'm gonna shaha on that, but that's all I heard. She was like, I don't know how I feel about this. And he is like, stop man. He is. She was like, stop manipulating me. He goes, if you say that word one more time, I'm gonna choke the shit out you. And he goes, and she's like, you think I want that? He goes, I know you want that. And it was kinda like, damn awkward. You stop me.


It's so damn sexual. He's so freaky, dude. Yeah. That's just me and Freak boy. That's, That's what it, it was like, it's not a crime. I don't know if it was some weird BDSM play. Wait, You're not allowed to say you're gonna choke someone on the phone. I think you can. Unless they are suing you in court for 11 Years saying you're gonna choke sexually Assaulting them. That's, you know, ah, DGU it. Yeah. D Gummit For sure. Once you get a Wes, we Webb it a Wes we webb it in front of 12 of my peers. So Yeah. It's, it's, you know, we'll see. I mean, if, if he releases, that's gonna be crazy to sit in court and watch just 10, 10 minutes. Read those texts. Oh, Just getting freaky, Bro. That might be not his.


I was gonna say, that's everybody's nightmare. UNC might be like, yeah, that's what I do. Yeah, Dude. For sure. Yeah. He already got caught up with the fucking audio recording, which kind of, that was bizarre. You mean the livestream? The livestream? Yeah. My bad. The audio livestream. How bizarre. And now he's like, he's just so hot to, he's like, dude, just start doing porn, man. Dude, I, this is way off topic, but saying how bizarre, remind me of, I've definitely said it on here before. Bob Lazar on Joe Rogan with the UFOs. It's going Bob Azar. I was out in area 51. Bob Azar. Anyway, Yeah, there's more dude. Apparently also Dong Lemon and Chris Cuomo are beefing.


Don Dong Lemon and Chris Cuomo are beefing right now. What? They Were brothers dude, they're not, they literally said, I love you every day. I watched it every day during the Peaceful purpose. I'm glad you're sitting down. I'm glad you're sitting down right Now. Because you told me that was fake. It was fake, Bro. Way according to Chris. According to Chris Cuomo, it was Fake. He was the one leading it. I watched it every night. Cuomo was overly like, I love you brother. We're gonna get through this dong. Lemon was always the one that was kind of like, All right, I love you too, bud. Well, according to Cuomo, he's coming out being like, that was all bullshit, dude. That was all fake as Hell. He, I backs, I'm signing with Dong. You're Signing with Dong. Lemme Tell, you know, I thought I'd say maybe sinners changed me. I'm signing with Dong. I'm signing with Unc with OJ Simpson.


I'm back. Yeah. And the spirit of an innocent man. True. No, he's, yeah, he's saying it was all fucking fake. And he goes, 'cause he didn't dong didn't have his back. When, when Chris Cuomo's brother. This is all allegedly, it's Very messy whole. Everything's All, everything was said, alleged. Huge alleged over the whole thing. Quotes everything. Quotes and italics. Yeah. We Legally speaking, Alleged Bold print quotes In parentheses sick, whatever that means. ETC, period. Yes. Yeah. So the situation, if you don't recall the situation at hand was Chris Cuomo's brother grabbed ass In, in an Italian way.


Grabbed ass. Yes. But that's Italian culture. Some B Yeah, he had some B meal. Little sweet. The Ella. But, but Don Lemo bought Don Limon didn't have his back. Who also an alleged hotdog snatcher Don, he Hotdog snatch. So no, he had a hotdog snatch allegedly at the Hamptons. He allegedly hotdog snatched Capital of hotdog snatching. I would imagine A major. It was one of a great hotdog offense. It was one of the old, what are he selling hot dogs doing? Snatch a hotdog at a bar. Allegedly. So you'd think Your brother allegedly hot dog snatched your Brother. They were podcasters, to be fair. Yeah. They were fellow podcasters. And I think what happened was, it was floated PPB, Like all great podcasts, dude.


Yeah. They flew too high. They exploded. Exactly. But they were floating the idea of him and dong doing the podcast together. And Chris just spas and was like, he's not my brother. He, it was all fake. It was all contrived. It's like, damn, dude the fuck. I Watched him do it. Yeah. It was like night after night. I Swear to God. Don was the one going. Yeah. Chill man. All right man. Yeah. But I think the beef came when he defended his brother live on air. And Don was like, nah, bro. Oh yeah. Brutus Him bru. Which understandable. Brutus not gonna be like, yeah, I got your back. I got your brothers back. Why would you, why? Like Yeah. It's a tough time to get your brothers back there. I know. You just gotta wait a year. Cuomo's all about loyalty.


True. It's the Italian way. Very Italian. Yeah. Loyalty's in my blood. Yeah. My brother grabs ass. Oh, I grab ass. Let you leave. True. Double allegedly. Dot.dot. I don't know if he had dongs back when Dong went through the hotdog scandal. I, I mean he didn't, the Great dog scandal. S a great Fucking Sag Harbor dong scandal. A good Weenie caper. A classic delight went out. They said, who Did it? The lights went out. Who'd Done it? Someone grabbed my hot dog in the parlor on a mystery night. Lights came back on. Dong was gone. Oh it was. You dong, dong, dong.


Don't do that. Yeah, man. Everyone's fighting man. Just, I just want a little bit of peace, man. Just want peace. Just A little bit of peace, unc. I mean, I don't know. Hopefully I, I think it'll bounce back. I think it'll be the tapes. That's the problem though. The tape's gonna get leaked too. There's no way he Was, he also might be, he wanted it. He might leak. He said leak the take. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing. It's like, I was almost like, stop fucking filming yourself. Stop with the stop with the bunnies. But it's also like he might have to film every encounter he has now. She was a fine, She was aas web. You're saying she was a fine web. She might've been, she might've been baby of the week if under different circumstances. Yeah. She's a Lola Bunny. Lola Bunny.


Still could be. I don't see, You know, I don't wanna see that. Your eyes light up like that when you talk about Lola Bunny. I know you wanna fuck cartoons, dude. Not all of the La Mer. La Mer. You're not alone. Lola Bunny. So fucking Up Lola Bunny's unbelievably hot. And again, they took it from us. The woke left took that from us. I'm a Jessica Wabbit kind of guy. Jess. I mean, obviously. I'll tell you what I'm, I'm also back on my lib shit. What's up? I watched just a video today of, it was at the UFC when Trump's cabinet was there. And they did that thing where the camera gets in front of you. Every single one of 'em was like Trump's Trump's cab. All the Bros fucking Marco Rubio was like, it genuinely pissed me off.


Yeah. They're drinking that zucker juice, bro. Makes my, why are they all the bros now? They're the bros now. They're all acting bros out. They are on t. That's probably just at the fight. Like, I didn't know they were broing Out. I'll show you. It's gonna fucking piss you off. You can't be, you can't be a republic after you see this. Really? Yeah. Stuff That e That stuff. He still, Trump still gets the big fucking ovation at the ufc. Does he not? He disrespected Sheryl Hines too. I don't like that. I saw that. Yeah. I Cheryl. Hmm, bro. Cheryl I did. Hold on. These are the bros. Mark Ingram being funny.


Sick Dion Dawkins beast. Yeah. Licks his wife's face. Nice beast. Awesome. Now RFK keeps it classy. Yeah, he does. He's how a politician should do it. Yeah, true. Uncomfortable Waves. Here's the head of the FBI Cash Patel. Gabs Hang loose. Who's that? Bull Marco Rub Rubio. That's Rubio. He's definitely, he allegedly on tea, Bro. His te dude. He go, You can't have our cabinet doing that. No they can't. You gotta keep the cabinet locked away, dude. You got they, they should be like Supreme Courts. Yeah. They should just be Justices like, I never thought of it.


Cas Patel is an Indian in the cupboard. He truly Is the FBI director. What's Going on? Fucking kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we should all take a step back Man. Everyone needs to show get back in the fucking those guys aren't as cool as they think. No, The libs are probably as gay as they are being accused. Yeah, for sure. But Keep it classy. RFK did the right thing. He Did. He just a Yeah. Next to his ba next To me. That's what I wanna have a politician. Yeah. Just I I, yeah. What's going on? They also all did that. That might've been a little, I think Patel ruined it 'cause Tulsi iss Hawaiian.


Oh. So that's probably what, what that Was. That's, that's her jam. And Patel beat her to the Pont. She got, it's, it's Could be an ancient Hindu symbol. I Dunno what to do. They do have the best Ancient symbol. This could be an ancient Hindu symbol. You never know. Yeah, man. It's what a what a week. Yeah. What's going on with you personally? Going out of the macro level? Let's go back to the micro. I, I had a fun experience. A guy gave my girlfriend his number like right in front of me, which is pretty funny the hell. But then I got his number so he left. So I started texting him.


I catfished him for a while. As long as I, as long as I could. And then I said, And You were probably good at it too. I was really good. I was about to say, I can See you. And then I was like, can we hang out tonight? And he was like, I can, I can't hang out tonight but soon. And I was like, are you awake? And he was like, yeah. I was like, can I at least call you? And he was like, yeah. Called him. I go, it's me pussy. You dumb. Fuck you gave my girlfriend my, your number right in front of me. You dumb bitch. And he was like, oh, Oh Dude. I didn't know. I'm sorry. Ugh. Oh my God. So that was the other night. That was fun. What a beast. I mean, I respect him too. And he wasn't, I, now here's the way I was looking at it.


'cause he wasn't a great looking guy. Yeah. He was kind of an older drunkard, which he probably saw me with her and was like, fuck it, she'll fuck anyone. Fuck it. I'll give this thing a shot. Or he thought the discrepancy between me and her was so great that we were just friends sitting there. He saw you chatting her? I was sitting with her. What the fuck? He's probably just an old drunk horny Devil. He was a beast. I'll give him, I'll give him credit for that. There's A lot of old drunk horny devils. Like shamelessly Shit shot. Yeah. He was, I, I respected it. And then I got, I got my gun. I got an MPX. Nice. Perfect timing. I got a gun. So that guy can come fucking find out.


Yeah Dude. If he literally steps in your house, you could, you could catfish him under false Premises. I know. And say, come over here. Oh, what The fuck? But Shoot him in the back as he runs With it. No, I don't wanna make fun of them. 'cause the gun is awesome. And they, it was a gift and it's really cool. But they painted it and it's eagles colors with an Eagle's logo by the clip. And they gave me a fucking call of duty. They gave me a Fortnite gun. That's, And that it's cool. But you know, You should shoot him. And you said Nate saw it and me and Nate went and fired it. It's a great gun. Did you get to shoot it? Yeah. Yeah. It's an awesome gun. It's a, it Shoots like it Doesn't move. Yeah. You can't mess. It's, yeah. So it was, it was sick.


This house is, I was shooting that guy's dick when you were trying to shoot. Wait, what the target. I was blown his dick off. Oh yeah. You know, it was crazy. You can't miss fucking 20 shots straight to the dick. You literally cannot miss Center grab. That's where you gotta go dude. Right to the center. Yeah. That's what we were told too. Yeah. No dick shots. Dick shots are off the table. No, bro. Turns out that's actually a good place to shoot someone. It's perfect. Cause you got the dick and all these arteries there and you know, if you shoot, you're shooting a kill, bro. Yeah, but I'm not. If I, if I discharge my firearm, I'm, I'm, you're going for the dick. I'm trying to dispatch you into the next world For Sure. I'm not, you know, I, I'm not trying to find out. Let's see, he's still in the fight. If he's wounded, I'm going For his teeth. I wanna make sure he is not in the fight.


Take out the sidearm. Yeah, you can still get, you gotta have em right in the dick. Alright. No dick shooting for me. No dicks. Even if someone's breaking into your house to disturb To shoot over right in the dick. And you're gonna go, oh, I'm so sorry, dude. I didn't mean, I didn't mean to do that to you, But you deserved it. But I got, yeah, I got a gun, but they painted it. So it's, it's kind of a silly, I mean, If you do murder someone defend your home. I know. And then the guns, if you just like being the victim of the gunshot wound and they show like an eagles gun on the news, the whole family like, God fucking Damnit dude. Yeah. Shot 'em with a fucking Eagles gun. And They're Cowboys fans. 'cause they're, they're gonna be down here. They're definitely gonna be Cowboys fans. Well man, how would you feel about that? It's pretty, you like it, you gotta do a dance after you kill somebody with that True.


Now I have to. Yeah. Or just jump, just just jump in the corner. Just Do like Jump in the corner. Yeah. Tba. Yeah. I hope, I hope it doesn't happen. I had Something like that very early on when me and Brittany both like came off the apps. 'cause there was always those like weird That's that gray period where like, did you delete like Tinder yet? Yeah. You got delete Tinder. And she like, you know, she had a guy when we were first together messaged her on Snapchat. She fell asleep. I saw the notification go off. I went, what the fuck? Opened it up. A dude did like a checkout, my ab shot. And I just responded back. I'm like, dude, what's wrong with your stomach? Closed it out to leave the message. Like, fuck you dude. Sent him into a tizzy.


Would you have like a hernia or something? What the fuck Wrong? Yeah. I actually felt bad after I catfished the Guy. Nah, you do the right thing, man. Fuck that guy. I, I hope he knows. It was all in good fun. I mean, was it It was pretty. Although I did go get up and look for him immediately. I was like, what the fuck? I'd be pissed, man. Yeah. I've Run into the problem when I would like go to places we went to like some kind of fucking street festival in like South Philly and like young black dudes will sometimes will see me and just be like, fuck this guy. And just, it's pure total disrespect. And I just go, total white boy crazy every time you have to full spa. And they're like, what the fuck dude, relax. Look at me. I thought you don't look at me. To be fair, they got this star. You're a random old white guy walking next to her.


What the fuck You wanna fucking fight right now? Like now there's now they're scared of us. True. Now they know where Van Peter is. F Irish vampires are coming to get you or Taking your music. True. Steal your french fries are on the table too. Oh yeah. And grab your fries bro. Hot potatoes. I might grab a hot dog, I might break in there and grab a dog if I need to. And I Would have your back. That's thing I would shoot the dog and then go, I'll Say, what are you fucking queer? I grabbed your Dick. Stop making me grab your dick. Yeah, I'd have your back too. Yeah. I'd have your, i'd fully have your back. Wouldn't you know you would bullshit. Right. Be Like, you're not some fucking dong lemon. You're Cuomo at heart.


Total familia, bro. I also, I do wanna say this 'cause people are gonna be gay about me talking about sinners. The Irish vampires might have been a little nod to Irish oppression what happened because that's how they became vampires. They, there's certain people that can play music so good that it communes with the other worldly. And the Irish are one of 'em. So they could play the music. There's Yeah, Rocky Road to Dublin gets the evil ghouls coming. Just so you know. That's so funny. Well, I was saying it's kind of strategic a little bit. 'cause they're really pushing. There's a lot of like unrest in Ireland with the immigration. Yeah. But Ireland's being like, bro, we're we, we are literally an oppressed minority being displaced. You know, we're an oppressed like country whatever, being displaced.


Yeah. Why can't, why can't we be cool? The Problem with Ireland, they better fucking let immigrants in. You know? True. The the fuck have they been up to? They're all entire fucking Immigrates. Yeah. That's all they do. They go, ah, Saved up Enough money. I'm getting the fuck outta here. Headed to America here. They have black potatoes. It's, I mean, you are entering into an absolute cauldron of avert racism. You're like an immigrant, like, I'll go to Ireland. It's like, bro, pick another one. Dude, these guys truly don't give a fuck. I was at a comedy show one time, like a long time ago. It was like an, an open mic or showcase and there was like Irish immigrants there. And I was with Sid the kid. And as soon as Sid left, he's like, this guy would steal your shoes, went off your feet.


Be careful. And I'm like, yo bro, relax. No chill. Yeah. Did that in Dublin when I, I did a joke and they, I was like, I brought off like black football teams and the whole crowd went boo. And I was like, Hey yo. Yeah. We're not allowed to boo black people. I know you guys are allowed over here because there's like six of you. But fucking Jill chill. We're just having a piss. They were having a piss. And they knew it was funny. And everyone in the room knew it was funny. So everyone Was laughing. Truly the capital of funny. Those are some funny, They they're the funniest people. One Funny vamps bro. They're the funniest vampires. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. They Rocky Road, the Dublin.


They'd be nice to host a screening. Right. You'd be scared, you're gonna be scared of the Irish after you see this. Rightfully so. Oh, I mean they're, they are pure spas. They'll spazz on you. Yeah. They're, they're definite spas. I just, I still don't understand Scotland Island have the scariest spas. It's, yeah, we've talked about it before. Just the, through the gritted teeth spa, quiet spazz. He's been looking at me all night Jumping. Put the silencer on it. But you done sort the fucking good They do. Put the fucking silencer on. I remember my aunt would do it to my cousin. You can't poop in the basement toilet. It's not for poop. It's not for pooping. It's not for poop. And you keep pooping in the basement toilet.


I told you a hundred times What was with the plumbing? 'cause we had a toilet that like, that you like don't shit in the basement. Like I'm not, it's so good if you, I don't know what it is. 'cause that's like all the plumbing's right there. Yeah. You think it would like, you know, mash the turds up right into the ground or wherever plumbing goes. But yeah, you shit at the basement toilet man. You gotta be careful. It's the gravity. I don't know. We gotta ask those ladies who are on the spaceship. They probably understand physics ladies from Space. I'm back on that too. That fired me up. I'm getting hit with videos of Katy Perry's dumb ass. Yeah. That was, I was, I, that was like cracking me up. The defense of it. I was watching Gail King 'cause they got back and they, they thought, for real thought, they thought the World they Thought was sweet would be like hero. My heroes.


They thought shit was sweet, dude. They came down and literally the whole world was like, shut the fuck up. And they were mad and they were like, well, just for your information, the Blue Origin mission is to find, get like trash from Earth and send it into outer space. So jokes on you. And we were raising awareness. It's like, bro Bezos owns a fucking newspaper. He can raise awareness. Yeah. He Doesn't have to send Yeah. Could have been in WaPo. He could have said, I mean, dude, if he's gonna try Yeah. Or if he's gonna like really grab attention. There's other, no offense to them dude, but there's other babes. It'd be like me going somewhere and being like, we're just raising awareness. It'd be like, Yeah. Okay dude. Yeah. There could have been, sure there could have been better babes.


Better Babes. Better babes. That's what we wanted. Different bunnies, man. They could have grabbed some different bunnies. What If they just took the last six babes of the week, just launched 10 deformed ladies with huge asses. But yeah, that's, you know, so that's jokes on us. They're, they're raising awareness about sending trash to outer space. It's also like, See how that works? Yeah. Send, send the fucking trash. Then if you guys wanna raise awareness, blast trash in outer space, that'd be sick. And although the, I don't, I like how much trash are you gonna get up into outer space? Yeah. It doesn't seem too feasible. Yeah. Like, dude, I, I just won fucking dumpster. We should Just keep dumping in the ocean. Fuck it. True.


Nah, we need to get the dolphin consciousness. Dude, I have dolphin consciousness. True. Fully. Did you see Guardini sent me a video about dolphin consciousness. It's so good. What about they're, they're a bit of a Kanye. They'll fucking suck their cousins. Dolphins Dot dolphins will suck their cousins. Yeah. I can't remember exactly what it was, but it was very informative. It still, it was just a black guy rapping about how like, we need dolphin consciousness 'cause they can like heal us if we have Problem. It was pretty sick. Oh, it was dumb. Huh? I thought it was like a real thing. No, It's just, it was just a sick video of a guy doing a dolphin consciousness rap. That is good. Just Hitting you with just like pyramid facts. It, he is like, dude, fuck you. So I'm talking about what retard It's the craziest thing of all time. Well, we're not allowed to say it. You can go ahead Dude.


There's a lot. There's a lot. Dude. There's, you know, there's a lot about, about dolphins. We don't understand. The brains are just as big as Ours. The brains Are just as big. I think they might be a little bigger. True. All right. Is that why they rape? What the fuck la man, we're talking dolphins. Dolphins Rape. They Yeah. Every animal in the fucking, yeah. How do you think animals mate? Dolphins? Although there are courting, somes I knows are rape guys, dolphins rape other male dolphins. They, they stick stick their dicks in like their blow holes and shit. And, and they take the dolphin away before they do it. 'cause they know it's Bad. They know it's a rapist. Dolphin. They know It's rape. Rape her. Like The other dolphins will take it away.


Or like they're, they're using their fucking, that's probably a telekinesis. But they damn bros about to go nuts. Bros. About to. I can. The dolphins are, they're sly devils. I think there's like a lady that lived with dolphins that ended up jacking 'em off. Yeah. Yeah. There's people get a little fucking horny around those. Well there's That whole, huh? Dolphin killed himself 'cause the lady had to leave. Really? Yeah. They found out about her drinking off the dolphin. They reassigned her and then the dolphin just like drowned. Yeah. John Lilly. John Lilly got like, that's pretty nice. That dolphin drowned The guy John Lilly was Like, he's just like, I'm not going back up dude. He, I'm not getting jacked off. It's been a fucking week since I got jacked off. I'm staying at the bottom of this tank. Fuck it. Fuck it. Dude.


There was that dude, John Lily wrote a whole book. He got a giant grant I think in the seventies from like the National Institute of Health. I think like millions of dollars. And he just did LSD in a float tank and like fucked with dolphins and then wrote a book to like, 'cause he had to like come up. They were like, give us something. What did you find? He he and he even said, he admitted to it. He is like, dude, the first a hundred pages of this book are pure nonsense. Then like in the last chapter he wrote about how sick it was to do LSD with dolphins. And they got, they were like you. They didn't Need a cramp for that. You, that would've been, that'd be the coolest fucking thing in the world. I know. Till one of 'em turns on And you fucking bends you over a barrel was fucking dickheads. That would be nuts If you're just like tripping so hard with dolphins. Just like, this is amazing. And then, yeah, you fucking, There was a guy who claimed he would fuck the same female dolphin.


He would swim out and fuck this dolphin. What? Fuck. I gotta find that. That was a great story. Yeah. It was disgusting. He should be executed. They're Sonar. Their sonar heals us. Yeah, true. That's the other thing. And they think they're extraterrestrial. I mean dude, 4 32 hertz style. What do we fucking know? What the hell do we know? Nar heal us. Just does. Just does. How come bats don't? They might. Well then we need to get to that bridge in Austin. Yeah. We true Margaret. How? Lovett was a lady who jacked off dolphins. Jacked Off the Dolphins? I think so. Dang.


Margaret Lovett. I think she was with Lily. I think Lily was Lily had a sick John Lily. He get a sick op going on. How did Peter the Dolphin, his name was Peter the dolphin. Peter. Oh, Lily was, yeah, Lily was with her. Was with the Jack Offley. Yeah, He was over, that was his whole operation. The National Institute of Health gave this guy millions of dollars and he had a lady jerking off dolphins and he was just tripping in a flow tank. Being like, I'm about to figure it out dude. The dude is a man. I'm gonna put it all together in a couple minutes. Hey Jack off Pete again. He is horny. That's funny. Be like, let, let's see if Pete can tell you before he is going to come. That Lady's still alive.


Is she really? That lady alive Jerked off. Dolphin is still alive. And she works at Kids works. Yeah, she works at SeaWorld. No, she's like 80 something. Dang. I She was li that she was known for living with and attempting to teach Peter a bottle nosed dolphin to speak in the 1960s part of the John c Lilly project. She was trying to teach the dolphin to talk. They taught the fucking gorilla how to do sign language. What the fuck's a dolphin to talk to speak. It said speak. Not like communicate. I think they make a lot of different noises. So maybe they just figured they'd try it out. I'd been so sick if a dolphin actually talked. I Think she wanted to go, oh Fuck yeah, they're trying to teach a dolphin. I'm gonna bust.


She did Eventually. Peter being an adolescent dolphin frequently had sexual urges, which Hold up. She was jerking off a juvenile dolphin. Yep. Not cool. Not cool. Which disrupted his lessons. And taking Peter to a downstairs pool with two female dolphins proved to be a logistical issue for Lovet. Eventually Lovett relieved Peter's urges herself stating it wasn't sexual on my part. Sensuous, perhaps. It seemed to me that it made the bond closer. Not because of the sexual activity, but because of the lack of having to keep taking breaks. And that's really all it was. Did you saying jerking 'em off? Decrease the amount of breaks. Do you think that would increase the breaks?


Little dolphin siestas. That's pretty hot. That was part of Peter. It would just become part of what was going on. Like an itch. Just get rid of that scratch and we can be done and move on. She's not wrong about that. That's What I'm talking about. That's what I mean. That's the hot part. That's And it's government money well spent. Yeah. I feel like that is a piece of knowledge. A lot of people need to know you. It could just be like, you know, Love. It might be the only cool lady on her. Yeah. She might be the only one that understands. It's just an itch. An itch that fucking just scratch the itch and then we can move on. It's just an itch, man. Then I'll go to the Charlie XCX concert. I'm not gonna the fucking Charlie XCX concert unless you scratch the itch Little.


Yeah. True. You might get a little antsy at the XCX. What if I get antsy in my pants XCX only saying, ah, I don't care. I love it. Love it. Jerking dolphins. Yeah. I'm love it. She's right about that. It it's just like, dude, I, I, yeah. I, I mean I i's again, that's been my cause forever. It's like, bro, just I'm a machine. You are a machine. Just treat me like a machine. You're a complete machine every three days. I, I told my babe, I was like, bro, three days passes And you haven't even just gripped me. Something's wrong. I Need to be gripped. Just check in. Just grip me up. Gimme the anna. How's, how's this again? And I come the squi, the squid. Gimme the Squeeze. Oh man. Matt, if you know me,


look guys, if you wanna make your mom happy this Mother's Day, it's simple. Call her. But if you wanna go the extra mile And you should, it's your mom. Get her an Aura Digital picture frame and send her some meaningful photos. This episode is brought to you by Aura Frames. This episode is brought to you by Aura Frames. We'll snap. We'll just snip it up and send it in there. Ooh, they didn't say when it has to be read verbatim. True. That's true. So I'm a fine print guy, Matt. True that I can't wait to show my mom this picture of Me. Me flexing. Oh yeah. Shirtless. Oh yeah. From behind. Flexing from behind. Yes. Shirtless. Showing my back traps. Glutes. My mom needs to see my gains close Up on my glutes and my, it's Actually a good idea. R Frame out and send your mom befores and afters of your gains For sure. She probably hasn't seen you in a while. Go, this is what I worked on. Yeah, man. Wait till you've done the gains. Don't just send her a whole before album, Eighth grade to now. Just being like, oh, such a fucking, That's actually a great Idea. That'd be nice. Yeah. Just flexing hard. I'm gonna start taking the same picture every year. Compile it in Aura frame for her. That'd be nice. What would you do? What would you send your mom? I would send my mom a picture of me doing like male cheerleader moves. Ooh. Yeah. Just like supporting Brittany from underneath. And it's also like, you know, with, with cheerleading I'd, I'd hope she'd be mature enough to know that my hands are gonna be, They're gonna be in there. But that's What it is, man. But that's male cheerleading. That is, I think my mom would understand that. She Would understand that an aura frame is exactly what needs, what she needs to store and display all those pictures. You can even send her a picture the next time you're talking to her on the phone telling her about that game you went to. There's a reason Aura Frame was named Best Digital Photo Frame by Wirecutter. That's no joke. Folks that was in Wirecutter and featured in 495 gift guides this year. What? Plus RA has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time. Listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting r frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's crazy. That's a URA frames.com promo code. MSSP support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions. Apply Mother's Day's on lock.


Also, you guys can catch me at Cobbs Comedy Club, San Francisco, California Crest Theater, Sacramento, California, Neptune Theater, Seattle, Washington. And then Hollywood Improv, Hollywood, California. So Please go. Yeah, go to shane m gillis.com for a ticket. I'll be in a bunch of cities. Goodbye. Oh wait. Guard dog. Do you have a show you'd like to promote? Yes. You know, to get in front of the camera. You know that. Okay. Do you like to join me? Are you coming? La Mayor? Oh, Nate's not allowed. That's interesting. Well, Nate, Do you wanna come too? To promote the shows? Take Hello everybody. It's us, Lamar, Sean, and Nate. And we're here to promote the Optimum Nous May 6th at the Creek and the Cave.


And also April 27th. Are there any good guests? Oh yeah. And also, if you're not in Austin, Texas, please, please join me for a night of standup comedy in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. I Mason, because I went to this show and it wasn't good. I went to Optimum knocked this and the lineup stunk and there was 20 people in the crowd. No, that was just, no, that's just a joke. It Seems more like an excuse for you three to go fuck off then. No, that's not true. It's the first Tuesday of every month at the creek and the cave. Please join us and then I'll be at Philadelphia Helium on May 6th. Sean guardini.com please come This Sunday April 27th. Live paintings in the mouth. Speakeasy. We got a special guest.


And then, and, and yeah. Pans in the mouth. That's it. All right. Sorry guys. God Bless you. Thank You. You are a machine, but you're a little dinged up right now, huh? Yeah. Oh my God. Dude, I fucking, I, it's a Easter miracle that I didn't get for real. It's an Easter miracle. Seriously injured. We, we were at an Airbnb near my parents' house, and dude, from a rental perspective, like insurance wise, and, you know, shout out to them. It's like seeing people take chances. But they have a, like seven foot, six foot, seven foot high, six foot, six foot, seven foot, just a zip line. You just like, you know, the kids were doing it. And last year I would do it. I'd like watch this. And I, you know, when you jump up, you Went to the same Airbnb last year? Yeah. Yeah.


Oh, sick. Same place. You Lay a lamp. Exactly. Ready to take riff. They have a tub full of Legos like this. Deep, it, it was so fucking fun. I mean, they have a piano in the first room, keyboard in the basement, guitars throughout. It's just frill the best house. Damn. It's awesome. And we get on the, we're doing Legos or whatever, but they have the zip line. And like, when you do a zip line, you know, it's like, you know, pause. But you have to pull your legs all the way up. Of course. So I, I like, I was like, watch this guys. And I fucking jumped up as first dude. It'd be like standing on a six foot ladder. It's, it's as high as these fucking things. Oh my God. And I jumped off that, kicked my legs up and landed flat on, 'cause the thing just completely disconnected when I jumped off.


So I just, outta nowhere, just, it happens in an instant. You Cannonball directly onto the Cannonball. Dry cannonball onto my left ass cheek. Thank God onto Moss too. Because this zip line, it's like right away, it's a soft patch of moss. And then it's like these giant boulders that are just fixed in the ground. Holy Shit. If I fell In the boulder, I would've broke my fucking tailbone. If I even landed on my tailbone, I could've broke it. Yeah. So I jump off like six feet high and then land on my ass and then smashed my elbow. I, I did heel up. My, had some scratches on my elbow. This was all fucked up. And then the final was my neck just went like that. And I was like, I broke my neck. I totally definitely broke my neck. And my brother's like, dude, you're All right.


And the kids are like, huh. And my little fucking nephew was like, ah. So I pop up and I was like, it's not funny, Dude. Yeah. You know, it's not funny, you know, with the sounds you were like, it's not funny. She's, she's fucking your uncle fell from The zip line. It's Not Funny. Lucky I didn't hit the rocks. I landed on some soft moss, Some soft Pete moss. And then I, I, and then I got up and did like a, a, like a, just a circular, just spazz walk where I was like, just waiting for just something to like, I don't know. I was like, dude, I, I, for real. This is hospital time. Yeah. What noise did you make when you hit the ground? I Don't remember. It was definitely like, It was like a out wind knocked outta you type. Like, It was like jump.


Yeah, it was a jump. And then like, shocked where I was coming to, like, what the fuck happened. I was like, oh my God. I fell, got up and like, you know, everything kind of hurt, but I was like, I don't have to go to the hospital. And my dude, my brother even like, you know, when your brother's like, are you like, he was like, nice talking. Like, are you, are you All right? You, you tell Oh yeah. Yeah. You thought he, when I finally like, got to like, came to, he was like, bro, for real, I thought you were gonna be doing hey buddies at Wawa for the rest of your life. He's like, I, I, for real Was like, well, Matt's done. Good run. He's over, he's fucking done Stamping. Ho. If you were in a chair, this would be a sick pod.


That Would Be nasty. You'd be smarter. True. Then you could understand quantum physics. I, for real, was like, I, I was like, it would've been hawking. So I would just have the hawkings out. You'd have to, or Reeves. What did Reeves do? Reeves didn't really get into physics, Was it? He, but did, did he fall off a horse or hit a ski? Fall off a horse. Yeah. What Happened to fucking Hawkings? It was a degenerative disease. Oh, okay. So he didn't like fall. He, he just got his shit got fucked up. Yeah, bro. I, I, for real, I for a second was like, I fucked myself up. I broke my neck. Yeah. Something's wrong. My, you know, my spine's fucked up. That's totally fine. My knees right now, the only thing still nagging me is this goddamn knee.


I think I twisted it when I went down. But other than that, dude, miraculous survival. Yeah. That's good. And imagine if the dude, like, apparently, first of all, imagine if the kids fell. Yeah. Which some would to argue like, well they wouldn't have, 'cause they're not 180 something pounds. But it's like, my brother, we like rehook it back up. And Billy was saying, when you jump on it, like the thread comes out a little tiny bit at a time. And I just really accelerated it. Maybe popped out eight threads at once. I didn't sue you for breaking the zip line. True. I might counter sue Christ. Like, don't sue me, Dude. I'm on the Yep. I'll settle out of court, dude. Don't break it to the public. Dude. I'll Settle. Release the fucking tape, dude. Release, release the Full tape release all 10 minutes.


I don't fuck for 30 seconds. Release the tape from last year when I shredded the zip line like five times. Then you gotta, like you, it comes up against a tree. So you gotta like kick the tree at the end. It's fucking so tight. Dude. I literally could have sued. I, I It was total grounds for Sue. Yeah, but my not like that man. No. These guys opened their house to me. And I, you know, I am. I didn't, I shouldn't have been on the zip line. So. Yeah. Did you read the rule book in the house? It doesn't say anything about not being on the zip line. There's a wait limit. It doesn't, you've never even read the guidebook. There's a wait. I mean, dude, it was a Christ-like, sacrifice on my part. 'cause if the kids fell, you know, it was good Friday, dude.


Not fucking, Oh dude, we didn't even talk about our fucking beautiful papa. Our, our pope passed away. I know. Sweet, sweet. Papa Papa's gone. Hmm. What? I don't think that was real. Oh. I thought, oh, I don't think that was a real New York post. Hey, Whatever. Forgive me. Somebody in our group chat posted a thing from the New York Post. Trust me. I checked. I was like, there's no way. That's fucking real. Do I have to be the fucking pope? Am I gonna be the Pope? God, that would be nasty. You would make a good pope. Thanks, man. I don't know what I would do first. Just your Eagles gun on the balcony. The Vatican. Dude. Dude, the green goblin. I was, I was so excited when I got the green goblin and I took pictures and I sent it to everybody just 'cause I was very excited and then instantly started getting negative feedback.


What? And then I realized, fuck, they're kind of right. It is gay. And then it took me a while to come back around and be like, no, this gun's fucking sick. Fucking rules sick. What, what, what was the negative feedback they're getting Lev Furs fucking bitch ass. Who? Lev. Do you know Lev? You would like him. We call Him Heavy Levy. He is a big, he's a guy who ballooned during Covid Beast. He was a handsome devil. Really? And then Covid happened. He, for real. It was before and after Lemairelee on the Green Bay trip. He just beefed up. He beefed up. Not his fault. The government did that to him. Kind of. Yeah. I Mean, I wish I I wanna tell that story about It's a Lev personal story.


Yeah, True. Making his girlfriend cry. It was one of the funniest stories I've heard. He's so funny. Fuck. I wanna tell it. I'll tell it. I'll tell it and then text him. And if He says no, we can edit it out. True. But we, he gets, he gets a lot of guff for being heavy. And he said one time he ate so much that he made his girlfriend cry. And I guess what happened? Guard dog. I, I Think he got two Foot longs from Subway. Well, yeah. They were in the middle of an argument about him having to be healthier. Yes. And in, in the middle of the fight, he had just ordered two subway foot longs and they arrived and arrived and he sat down and grubbed feet 24 inches, 0.67 yards.


Oh. Of subs? Of hogie. Of Hogie of Hogie. Right in front of his babe there Are buffalo subway's, Buffalo chicken dude. Subway rules. Dude, it's, everyone tries to shit on Subway. It's great. Subway Smell still fucks me up if I smell. I used to crush Subway. Subway's great. You know, we're all trying to get back in shape on the child predator diet back in the day. But dude, I used to crush their footlong Buffalo chicken sandwich. Cheese roll Sweet chicken man. Really? Yeah. I would go buffalo chicken on the cheese, whatever, toasted cheese roll. And it was like, yeah. Motherfucking damn. Yeah. I, I doubt Lev wants us to air that out. Did he ate two? That's that's a truly devastating story. I mean, it's a beast move. That's frame, bro. He probably won't care. But that's Holding frame though.


That's so you gotta lose Weight. It's like, watch me Two fucking feet of Hogie, dude. Almost a yard. Yeah. It's The longest yard. Just For real. The longest yard. Your babe crying. My dad was a dude. If I grubbed so hard that my woman left the room crying. Such An we can only, we can only aspire. Well, I, I still operate under the assumption that like, it turns women on when you eat like all your food really fast. Anytime I'm at a restaurant and I crush my plate, I'm like, yeah, I'm already done. This lady's so horny right now. Everyone's horny. I just eight fucking 70,000 calories. I don't know why in my head I'm like, every time I crush like a, a breakfast, like a, I'll get like a double breakfast where it's like a, you know, classic eggs, whatever, potatoes, bacon and like a side dish.


Just smash both and be like, yeah, that's what I do, babe. Yeah, you're man. Go ahead babe. Take this away from me. Sorry. But you see the ring. I don't know if you're wrong. I think it, yeah, I guess I Could, I think it depends on the dish. If you sit down and smash a cake, they're gonna be Yeah. Not too pleased. Yeah. Like, Hmm. That was yummy. Oh Yeah. Ice cream. That's another one. Yeah. Two subway foot longs. That's like 150 grams of protein. It's fucked up. God, that makes me so hungry right now. I know. I am pretty hungry. I did, I did decadent weekend. The last place I was into in standup, I kept crushing pizza.


San Antonio kept crushing pizzas before the show. Yeah, That's nice. Couldn't stop it. I was what type Of that? Via 3 1 3 Detroit style. Detroit style is fucking great. Detroit Style is so fucking good. And then this is actually a bit, this maybe could have made me cry. I also got a rotisserie, I got a rotisserie chicken while the Uber Eats was coming and just laid like a huge topping of, of rotisserie chicken on the pizza. It was just crushing it backstage. It's So good. That would make a bay proud. I think so too. Yeah. They'd be hyped on that. They'd be like, Damn, you're definitely hitting your macros Today. Ingenuity. She's a handyman. It's, I yearn for another Detroit style with the ts on top.


Detroit style saying Thick layer of t Man. My, it's so fucking good. It's, it's Standup fuel. Lev said it's okay. Yes. Be obvious Beast. He is a beast. I've never seen someone that doesn't care more about Yeah. I love heavy lifting and he talks shit to everybody. He's very funny animal. He's the best. He's a nasty fuck. I, I must've, I must've met this guy. I never Yeah, for sure. I'm not a, I'm not a a nature. But you weren't really that much in New York. Oh, he's a New York guy. Yeah. Oh, there. Yeah. Yeah. I thought this was a mothership brew. No, he is not a mothership. Brew. Maybe. What an animal. Dude. He's just in the big apple. Just crushed The big apple king. He became the big apple. King Kong. King motherfucking Kong.


Yeah. It's a good group chat. The ti dude ticking out. That's the, that's the Move. Hang around. Charlie's Just fully ticking out and just getting, so just gaining tons of weight is the fucking move. I was, I was playing. We played Halo, me and him would play video games together and one night it was like 3:00 AM and we're playing Halo and he is like, I'm kind of hungry. I think I'm gonna get a chicken parm sub. And I was like, dude, just go to bed. Yeah. It's 3:00 AM Let's just go to bed. You do not need to order. You need to stay up until five. Yeah. Like four to get that parm sub. Don't get me wrong, I was jealous of the man's freedom. I know. True.


I wish I was willing to go. Yeah. Fuck it. Parm sub 3:00 AM The wake Ups sober. The wake ups tough. He was sober hitting these orders. Oh. I mean, look, I can't, He is a legend. That's such a beast, man. And he had a motorcycle. Did he really? And he gained 500 pounds and he drove a motorcycle. That isn't, that is like, dude, I just found out big on The hug. No dude. We're being mean to the sweet love. No dude. I just found out, apparently that's the only time a anacon or not Anacondas Pythons. My, my nephew is a bit of a snake man. He's got a python. Yeah. Watch That. Yeah, Dude.


He's got, he's Got Kanye's nephew was a bit of a snake man. That was his cousin dude. Oh yeah. True. That was his, just his cousin and closest cousin. They, he was saying so like the anacon you can like, or Python. Sorry, I don't wanna get, you know, I don't wanna cause a stir in the reptile community. But he, he was telling my brother like, yo, you gotta chill. You can't pet him when it, when the only time a python gets aggressive it's when it's it's digesting its food. Yeah. So like when it, they they eat and they just have this giant fucking knot in their Stomach. It's got the stomach itself at that point. Yeah, they will. Yeah. And my brother was like, dude, it'll be fine. And the fucking thing bit, my brother scared the shit out of 'em.


That Probably hurt like hell yeah. He said it didn't hurt as bad as you think. 'cause you had, they only have teeth, pythons have teeth in the back of their mouth. But it did leave a mark. And he is like, bro, I like it. It's something about a snake striking you. He is like, I can't, can't even reach my hand. It's terrifying. It was so scary. So it was funny about, he was like, shut up dude. Watch this. My, my nephew knows By a snake. He got bit by a python. When was this? This weekend. It was right Before I came. Who McCusker is doing? Oh, we got some rep. There's a lot of reptiles going on. That's just score just scored. The bearded Dragon's a good score. Beard Dragon's A good score is nice Dudes. That's a really good score. Beard Dragon's nice. You gotta keep the tiles in there. Get them warm for The be That's a very good score. Yeah. We had, there's the python. There's a little baby corn snake. Bearded dragon. Dragon dragon corn snake's. Nice corn snake's great.


Yeah. I was holding the baby corn snake. And dude, they, they'll like, hold mice Bro. Come on dude. Dude, come on. Don't do this. Hold the baby corn snake is, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take that one. I might use that tonight. I might use that tonight with my, my woman. Oh, the baby Corn. You know what time it is? What, what time? It's time to hold the baby corn snake. The baby corn snakes hungry. Dude. My niece and nephew will like, hold dead mice and let this snake strike out of their hands. They're Gonna be out of their minds, Bro. They're fucking fearless. They're Gonna be nuts. It's, We have a video of it. They just, my, my niece is holding a dead mouse and the baby corn snake goes right out of her hands.


I'm like, dude, I can't, I'd flinch. I'd be like, Darwin in front of the glass. Yeah. He couldn't do it. He would stand in front of a snake even behind the glass and would strike at him. He is like, I would flinch 100% of the time. He's like, something about these motherfuckers. Dude, Charles Darwin Did that. Yeah. He would stand in front of like a snake tank and be like, this is the day I'm just gonna have nerves to steal and let it strike at me. He goes, I'm o for a hundred. Every, every day the snake would strike and he'd go, oh, They're scary guys. Yeah, man. Scary as hell. But yeah, we got the reptiles are popping over on the compound. It's pretty tight. Bearded dragons, Bro. He came down, we had the family Easter party came down with the bearded dragons on him, just like, yeah. It was Dope. Yo. Who did that? Mack? How old was he?


He's like six. He's a sick flex dude, That's a fucking flex for a kid. It was a pretty sick flex. But yeah, Easter was, Easter was sick, dude. I was, I kept teasing all my nieces and nephews. They did the big Easter egg hunt. He's gonna fucking bite his ass too. Wait, the bearded dragon? Yeah. This thing's a fucker. Dude. Dude, they're big. He's bearded dragons live till 20. So he is got a good 14 years on this bearded dragon. Or you know, puberty might shake that up a little bit. Yeah, he might, he might drop the Be I think your girlfriend might come in between him and his bearded dragon. Yeah, He might. Yeah. He might put down the bearded dragon and try to touch Another, it's time to put down the bearded dragon. Touch another reptile. Touch another slimy creature.


The slimiest sl, A bearded vagina. Hopefully be carrying down a nice bearded vagina in 14 years. We carrying it down at Easter, going, everyone Carrying down a bearded vagina. Lemese. We could get you a bearded dragon. Love a bearded dragon. They don't do they like, they don't like shed or Nothing. Right. Damn. I didn't know they were this chill. They're chill as hell. They're the king of chill. They all Do. They're for real. Chill as fuck. There's a YouTube video about bearded dragon, the king of chill. My nephew's like confused why I don't have a ton of reptiles. He's like, bro, what the fuck are you doing? He's like, you could have one of these right now.


Reptiles Suck. What the fuck, dude? I swear, don't get me wrong. Beard dragon's cool. But I mean, I know what You mean. I don't want a pet. That's nothing. You talking about being a reptile adult. Yeah. Yeah. It's tricky. Terry, I knew a reptile adult, a dear friend of mine. I think I might have talked about it. My, my cousin was dating a rep, a reptile adult. She had a giant fucking like iguana. She had a huge lizard that they would, she would like put in bed with them. What? Yeah. Big dog. You gotta put that thing away when it's time to fucking smash. No, you gotta say let the boy Let the Boy Watch. I got absolutely, I Got totally A robbed by.


We fed. There's like a little Shetland party Y robbed on that Zipline dude. I, I mean Zipline. It's devastating crush. That was all your coins. And then all my coins. So I, I was already zero. I think I died then. 'cause I had zero coins. And then we went, I brought like everyone up to feed the little Shetland pony. There's a little Shetland pony. She pony now. That's a good animal. Great animal. Yeah. Cody is 31 years old, bro. You have a 31-year-old Shetland pony on The compound kicking around 31-year-old Shetland and a mini pony. And I brought everyone up. Brittany was with me and we went and fed the pony and we were, I was just giving a grass. My uncle's like, oh, I got like horse feed. You can dump it in the thing. Yeah. So we dumped horse feed in and dude this, the pony was so excited. It's dong just came out and I was just watching my fucking wife.


31. Oh my God. And I was like, dude that the fucking dong on a Shetland pony. It was, it was thicks. It was thick and long. Fuck. He just dropped like a fucking, what's his name? Not quite a Kant. Cody. Cody. The code master dude. Cody Rhodes. Cody. Cody came down, bro. Cody just dropped while he was eating. Do dropped Don while eating. As soon as he finished it was just like sucked back in. My wife was like, what the hell? And I was like, yeah. Was glancing, I was like, oh my god. Flass just like, it was weird. It wasn't, it wasn't bricked up. It was just dropped. Yeah, it just dropped Swollen. Yeah. Flacid dong. Just, that's evens way more enviable.


Yeah. And it was a Shetland too. It's like, bro, it's not even a full horse. And I was just like, dude, Shetlands. Not even in my dreams, bro. This thing was crazy. Yeah. Just dropped like in HBO Lord of the, just a full fucking flash dunk. A Showstopper. Total showstopper dude. It was my wife and her friend. Just like, oh my God. And I was like, All right guys, come on. Let's go see some other parts of this place. This Is fucking bullshit. Yeah. Funny that men have that and women, you know, you never see like a fucking dog's pussy and go, geez Pussy on the dogs wet as hell. Thing's glistening. Just a ni s a nice buttery mini, but on a dark.


All right. All right. Alright. All right. That's good. That's the end. Your podcast. We're go to the Patreon Sinners was great and I'm not racist. Thank You. A puffy.