
Wow. Wow. Wes. Holy shit, dude. We're here. Charles Nik. John Delgado. Hello. Thank You guys for joining me on this program. Thank You for having, having Me. We have a special guest popping in as well. Ooh. We do have a special guest coming, which is Exciting. You gonna sit right there? I think. Sit right there. You might swap, you We're gonna stand around him. Or you could stand on the chair. We could do like a, I don't mean to bring this up again, but we could do like a usher style thing where we bowl of cherries. I wasn't, I was just thinking serenade. But if you have cherries on hand Sure. What do you think about usher's bowl of cherries? Cause you resist it. You think everyone talks a big game? I don't think, never Can Imagine him holding what looked like child's testicles in front of your face.


Yeah. Imagine you're a 40-year-old black lady. Could you not lick the simulated child's testicles if it was your biggest crush? Yeah. There's male testicles. There's grown up testicles that look like that too, buddy. Like steroid heads, dude. No, there's dude cherry now Guys out there. I'm by no way a sack king and I'm not, I'm not the cherries. I can comfortably be like, that's not a flex. It'd be like cherries, But it's like, nice. Did you ever see the video of the body butter? So I'm checking my nuts right now. Yeah, Dude, I can't check too hard. I think I have my, mine Are like robin's eggs, you know, like the candy? Yeah. Mine are like, yeah, mine are like robin's eggs. Is that Like that? Nice. Yeah. About that. Yeah. Shit. I know what Robins, it's like a Yeah. Robins saying you were like a Jordan almond.


Yeah. For the, for the, for the people who are a little bit more refine. A Brazil nut. Yeah. Ooh, you nasty. You freak Jerry. I'm a bit, I'm a bit freaky right now. I'm not gonna lie. Freaky. My freak is all inside me. Dude. Brazil Nuts are freaky as hell. Brazil nuts. They're so good. What? I like 'em, Dude. They're the worst nuts. I've only had them Pause. I'm not trying to come at you. No, no, no. I, I get it. Pause. I've only had them salted, but that's when they're tasty. Oh, okay. Yeah. I've had 'em raw Paul. Yeah. They say if you eat one Brazil nut a day, it's supposed to be like super good for you.


Yeah. I don't think it, I mean, I, So I eat raw and salted Brazil nuts and they are, there's a huge jar on my counter. I was like, I'll put 'em here. I'll eat one every day. Right. It's a chore. They're fucking gross, dude. Yeah. I think whatever I'm doing with my life is probably canceling out anytime I eat a Brazil nut, I think it's safe to say I'll never see a Brazil net in my entire life. Really? I'll never be able to identify a Brazil nut now. Yeah. They're not. I mean, look, they're not the best. But look, this is what I wanna talk to you guys about. I, I didn't Mean to get scared away on Perversions right at the beginning. We didn't get, we didn't get that perversion I can get right now. I could get deep into my personal kink, but I'm just chilling on that right now. That's cool. I wanna talk about the fact I'm, I, well, I I'm edged right now, but current, I'm not gooning.


I'm, I'm totally, totally, I'm still Off the goon still. How many days? That's What's up. Huh? How many days? Eight. Eight days. Huh? Dave, You could probably fucking chew a hole through the wall. I'm eight days and I'm, dude, I'm telling you're gonna pop, brother. I turned a corner, man. I don't know what happened. I'm, I'm completely, and again, I'm sorry to talk about this every single time, but come outta your eyes. I'm completely, it kind of is. I'm completely, I'm off the talk. I turned the corner where it's just like, before, look, I'd want, I'd just like be wanting to look at it. And now it's like, I don't even, I don't wanna look at this stuff. Yeah. I've somehow in my head just been like that feeling when I get like sexually charged. I I, before I'd be like, this is bullshit. Like, I would get mad at my wife.


Yeah. I, I would for real be like this fucking lady. Now I've gotten into it where I like the, I get into the charge it and I talk to her all the time. She charged me up this morning. Woo. I said, bro, just charge me, man. I was like, we're not, we can't do anything right now. 'cause you know, we had like the, we survived a microburst, by the way. So do you know what a microburst is? No. Is that a pre-cum? No. It's gonna, there's gonna be a microburst later today if all things go well. But we had a worn light shorts. We had like a, a semi tornado hailstorm. Oh Yes. Okay. Wait. Yeah. The Uber, I took an Uber here and as soon as I got in the, the guy was like, the weather's been crazy here. A couple people died yesterday. I was like, oh. Oh. But yeah, apparently the weather y wasn't even crazy yesterday.


Oh, it was hot. Even heat stroke. He Was, he was kinda on one. He was, I mean, maybe he was just in like twilight's zone, but he said there was a You mean like an immigrant? Is that what you're trying to say? If, if that's the case, dude, I, I am afraid I have to put you in the red, my friend. Yeah. Put me in the red because I was about to go off. He was, Dude, a couple people got like drowned in the, in the floods. Like homeless guys got washed away in the water. Really? Where were they sweeping up? Obama's backyard. We're back in the green. Thanks, Man. Got us back in the green. What, how? Wait, who, when did it flooded? Maybe that's what It was talking About. Oh, not yesterday, but like, like Saturday.


Remember those, the, the microbursts, The mi That was on Monday. Monday, yeah. On Monday. They Call that people definitely died if you were outside. Dude, they're, they're claiming apple size. Hail. That's Yeah, that's Evil. And it was 15 straight minutes. It was crazy. And it, the wind was from what I saw, swirling. 'cause people thought it was a tornado. Damn. It was 80 miles outta nowhere. I got an alert on my phone. I'm, I was watching a new Hope with my kids. We're watching Star Wars. The first one. Yeah. Just chilling. All of a sudden it's like, you know, you get the Amber Alert thing or whatever weather alert. That's not the same. Yeah, true. My Bad. You just can't like your phone going. It's gonna Be real wet. Pervert Coming to you about to get diddled by the weather. We got diddled, by the way. It fucking broke two of our windows.


Whoa. What? My dude, my neighborhood got smashed. Dude. Oh my God. Like if you walked a afterwards, it was Just, did you go outside In it? Hell no, dude, we were in, dude, I felt like my, I was, had my kids away from the window. Damn. My sweet wife would just left in an Uber moments before and they had to pull into like a car wash for shelter. Oh Jesus. In an Uber. It was, it was, I've never been scared in a storm. This is the first time I was looking at my roof being like, this thing might come down on us. Whoa. Fucking, Hey, is that the craziest storm you've ever seen with your own eyes? It easily do. Easily. Wow. It was just literally raining golf balls for 15 minutes. Damn. Just going b on the roof. Took out My kids' went two of my kids' windows just side by side. Whoa. What about car windows? Wait, so It might have Been a didn't storm.


It was a bit of a perfect Your kids' only my kids' rooms. And it, dude, and it hit like if you went outside, after I went out afterwards when it settled down, I went, I went to Home Depot after and just laed as a contractor. Yeah. It's nice. For like 30 minutes. I had, I literally carrying One piece of wood. I was genuinely saying Swinging it around. Literally. That's exactly what I did. But I, I brought a tape measure with me. So I had the tape measure and, and like, I knew it. It was like, bro, don't do this. But I like hooked it onto my fucking bell clip. And I was fully LARPing as a contractor the entire, I Was just, you had a Netflix or Nextel all of a sudden. The what? Yeah. A Nextel phone. All of a sudden, I, dude, I would've, I think I was pretending on my iPhone. I was like, Go on a Jimmy Troops Dude. I was in the aisle of like, just the duct tape aisle and I was trying to flex Yeah.


Buying corn Nuts. Well, 'cause there was all these couples, there was all these couples just walking around with that. Like lost. It was like we got, it was like genuinely a fucked up event. Yeah. Sounds, you just go to people, watch and see what people are like. So severe. No dope. God, I can't, I didn't go just people watch. I was fixing like damn house to do some Where were you going to get boards for the windows? I need, I was looking for some precut sheet, not sheet rocks. Some plywood look, some precut. 32 inch window. Standard 32 inch window. So I went there to go get some plywood. But you and I, you know, this is kind of a embarrassing, but I was hoping they there's solid be there so they could cut my shit for me. Yeah. So I go there, do the Home Depot was flooded itself, so they, they couldn't cut for you. Wow. So I'm like looking around. I, you know, whatever. I ended up buying some, some pre cutts.


They weren't big enough, but I put some other stuff on there. It was You got done kind process. I had a, a shopping, not a shopping cart. A big bed. Flatbed. Yeah. Loaded it with saw horses. A circular saw, sheets, supply list. God, my uncle called me who lives here. And he was like, what are you doing? I was like, I'm at the Home Depot. He's like, dude, put all that shit back. I'm gonna drop 10,000. He's a C Depot literal. He's like literally a carpenter. He is like, dude, I can do that faster than you can. Go back and forth from Home Depot. Please put all that stuff back. And I was like, God damnit It. It's, it feels good though to almost be like, ready to buy that stuff. I might do that. I'll have to use it. Just dude, having a fucking tape measure on your hip. Here's the, here's the, here's how deep the larp went. So it's like, he got me when I was in the self checkout and I had a fucking cart loaded.


That's What was about to say on the last item. And then you're like, actually have to return all this. Well, You know what I said, so come on in, come on. I secret your guess. See your guess. Come on, you actually, you would love this guest. Come in. See the mayor, pastor. Pastor. The mic secret. Oh my God. There he is. Holy shit. What up do, oh my God. Hold on a second. If you guys can't see the, the listeners at home, the lights are all blinking. Billy McCusker. We're welcome. You can sit, you can sit, you can stand. Whatever you wanna do. Yeah. Would you like to take the Standing? We're gonna sync next time I was here. My leg was broken. Yeah. Last time his leg was broken. Look at it now, John, if you're fucking, you know, good to see you. If your legs fell you Yeah, They're feeling pretty good right now. But My ego just took a hit from you.


This episode is brought to you by PrizePicks. There's only one series left in the playoffs and the championship is officially on the line. But the big question is, do you know Ball? Like really it's time to put your final takes to the test on PrizePicks. The best place to cash in on your favorite sports, please. What do I think about the playoffs? Honestly, I like the way the Pacers were playing ball the other day. If I'm being honest. Full court press against the Knicks. I like that kind of hustle. Usually only see that in college ball. That's my fucking take. Excuse me. Bleep that. That's my god darn take. I can curse. That's my motherfucking take. PrizePicks offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday PrizePicks discounts. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. But let's talk about me. I'm looking at the basketball board and thinking, Hmm, this week on PrizePicks. I don't know if I'd go to shy Giles Alexander for more than 30 points. Or Tyrese, Halliburton for more than It Assist. Those seem pretty good. Pascal Stickam for more than 25 points. And Jalen Williams for more than six rebounds. I like the rebound projections. All right guys, you heard our picks. Now it's time to lock in your playoff picks with PrizePicks. Look, if I can use this app, you can to create a lineup, all you have to do is pick more or less on a few player stats for your shot to win up to 2000 times your money. So join millions of users and sign up today. Download the app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


So, bill, bill, bill, thanks for coming by the way. I really appreciate you. Do you guys have the cherries ready? I'm just kidding. Ever Sing you bowl of cherries? No. All right. Anyway, I don't even know what You're talking about. So, you know we got hit by a microburst, right? I told you that. Solar Flare. No, no microburst in terms of the hail. We had apples size hail on also. Ello. Oh yeah. You told me about Ello. At least learned about the culture you told. So we Got smashed. I told them. I went immediately afterwards. Once the weather settled, I went to Home Depot to get supplies to board the windows up fully laed as a contractor. I had a, I had a tape measure on my waist. And then like, I had all this shit. I had the plywood, I had a circular saw, I had some blades. How many, what teeth blades do you prefer?


On the circ saw? I mean, yeah, I think I had like 30, 30, 52 teeth. I forget. I didn't want a Home Depot with those tape measures. Either an immigrant or a fake. Just because they can't read. Yeah, a real contractor just eyes it up. No, like the, I think they, they matches. Well it's funny 'cause they did have, they had like four by two Or two by, and I'd have to be like, what's that? An inch inches. So then I Loaded up this flathead. 'cause I had to board up my windows. Dude, Why did you have to do it? Because I'm the man of the house. That's like a no brainer. The whole, what are you talking about? Just pay someone to do that. Yeah, but dude, it was like, you don't understand, man. Like the whole neighborhood.


We had probably 25 windows out on our block. So like everyone was slammed. All the handyman on at the border. At the border let's, was gonna do, I could Easily also too, I was kind of stoked. I was like, now I always wanted like sawhorses and like circular. So I bought it all. She's had all that stuff. I had my cart in the self checkout. Uncle Joe called me and was like, bro, put it all back. Yeah. 'cause he had talked to Brittany and Brittany's like, please help, please stop him. So I would've cut my finger. I have like a, like a little pitch thing behind my yard. I would've been on like a level. I would've cut my arm off. So I had, dude, I had, I was deep in the larp and I had my fucking tape measure on my hip. I'm in self-checkout and I get the just my uncle calling me.


I put it back, you fucking loser. And I was like, I put it down. I had all this shit on my cart and I went to the lady. I was like, job just got, Did you Put it back or did you leave It? I pushed it into the Nile in his bed. Nah, I mean, you steal from self checkout. He is not returning cards. I don't steal from self checkout anymore. Anymore. But I'm just saying I'm following the eight, the noble eightfold way. But the dude, I, I found out you can't steal even if you're a Buddhist. I'm like, damn. That's fucking bullshit. Nobody wants you stealing. I don't think any religion's like you stealing. No, they don't. I've checked out. I've tried to find the one that does. If you find it, let me know. Until them I'm atheist again About, I guess this would be, this is rude to suggest, but isn't the church of Satan?


Maybe they would do without Wilt. Yeah. Don't, aren't they like, no, They're like, they're nice. Yeah, but no, you could steal. You could, but then they destroy you. Oh, I see. So that's natural. All brother. Yeah. Yeah. So you don't want that hanging over your head. I don't wanna get sh destroyed. Yeah. But I did beach, the fucking thing that was easy. I ditch the car. I was like, I'm not dealing with This. How do it feel? Because that does feel, were you charged, if you don't mind my asking, were you charged when you were leaving? For what? Like when you were at, when this was going on? Like How you're charged up right now? Yeah. You Don't, you charged up. Were you charged? Oh bro, I thrive on the chaos, brother. I love, I love it. Like He was putting energy on the gr after that. I'm just, you know, That was, I, how many days did I retain my seed? No, I'm just thinking like leaving, leaving Home Depot to like come back Must feel good.


Like still in the mindset of, Well, here's the thing. I still got the necessary supplies. I got a precut piece of plywood. Some, I got some gorilla. That was, I was still, I had been completely just crushed by my uncle's son, by my uncle. Just him and my wife teamed up on me. He like, put it back. He fucking freaked. And then you gotta, I went to the duct tape aisle and there was a Couple, you gotta punch a window out in your house To, to Get, get some of the masculine. I literally got like cocked by my uncle. Just, just devastated. But then I had to still, she's like, just get some fucking duct tape. And we'll, we like, oh my. All right. Good call. Yeah, good call boss. And then I was in the duct tape aisle and I saw a couple and I, I still kind of duct tape cuffed. Nice dude.


'cause they were looking at, they were looking at painter tape and I was like, brother, you're gonna want some gorilla tape on that. Nice. I still had, I was like, least I gotta still a la a little bit. Yeah, bro. Use tape measure and be like, yeah, I can tell you're about two inches in your pants. What You say? Have you seen Twin Peaks? Yeah. Have you watched Twin Peaks? I have not. Fuck Dude. Right now from this angle, you remind me. The giant from Twin Peaks. Look at the Giant from Twin Peaks. It's just like Blizz. Holy shit. This is crazy. I think I do get that reference From this angle. It looks just like the Giants a beast. So just crazy. Also, watch her, no offense, Guardini look identical to Joaquin in that. Ooh, what's he look like? Her? You ever see Joaquin? Oh, and her Fucking me up when He is that when he has sex with like, He falls in love with the os What's the Os operating system?


Oh really? Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, you need to stop being an A-hole to your B hole and switch to dude wipes. Isn't that funny? That Is Funny. Whoever wrote this, gimme a call. I need some material. I made the switch myself. And the difference, let me tell you, is real dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the convenience of their flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. No more juggling rolls. They're settling for less than adequate wipes. Aren't you tired of juggling rolls, Matt? For sure. They leave no room for Dingleberries. All right. Or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Yeah, I leave those on the floor. The butt crumbs. Yeah. Plus they're extra large for adults. I like that. Because you are not a baby. So stop using baby wipes. Ditch the itch and switch to wet. Extra large Flushable dude wipes. Dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide.


It's fucking, it's nuts. What it Yeah, that Looks like Blizz. That's a giant from fucking twin pea. It looks identical, But yeah. I got completely crushed man in that storm. We got, dude, we got fucked up. I mean, I, I was waiting. I don't wanna be the first person to say it, but we're all Austin Strong. Yeah. Hashtag hashtag. So wait, did you convince that guy who was clearly about to paint his house to get Gorilla tape instead? Oh, he got His, his wife kind of gave me Tape to cut In. Well, they were like, thanks. They like, oh thanks. And I was like, yeah man, this shit. And their, his wife kinda gave me a look like, okay man, that's enough of your duct tape brand. Like please get the fuck outta my face. Next time. You need to go in there with the tape measure on and the wireless head set.


But it's clearly not plugged into anything. It is just dragging on the floor behind you. I think you're gonna want a different kind of tape. Actually, You guys still sell hot dogs. Gotta try the sausages outside of the fucking bag. Rocco's is a trashes. I will never eat that. Places Suck every, we've Never had it Rocco's. I've Never had it. It's not bad. That's what everyone says. It is not bad. It's it's a fine sausage and pepper sandwich. Yeah. Fuck It up. Yeah, it's a hot, it's a hot dog. Yeah. It just, It's a hot dog for adults And they make a half hot half sweet too, dude. So if you can't decide, That's the both worlds. Yeah. Yeah. That's freak. That's kind of weird. Don't think that much about a sausage sauce. You don't spend A lot of time thinking about Sausage B bro. No.


I'd be like, I want it hot but sweet too. No, I'm kidding. One bite Turning around. Jo. I'm joing. No, That's, yeah. My ladies driving and I'm in the fucking passenger seat like this. You're just, You're eating 'em both like this. You ever been to show and tell you ever see a live girl sex Show? Unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah. They have that. It's like a double dildo. I've seen the dildo battle. That's Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Side. That's why Rockers made the double-sided sandwich. Rocco should sponsored That brought me there for my birthday. Huh? My 21st birthday. It was me, Matt, my cousin. We want this show in. Tell. Oh yeah. That was my 18th birthday as well. It was crazy. Yeah. I groomed Billy and my younger cousin, They put me up on stage and got whipped and like an Asian woman put like whipped cream up my nose. And I thought it was funny, like snorted it.


Oh no. But then I woke up and like my nose just smelled like curdled milk Was the order. Was it the No, not the tranny. Don't try that. Nevermind. Sorry. Nevermind. Ally. She was not, by the way, that's, she was not by the way She I know. But allegedly That lady, my boy cookie That that was bullshit. That wasn't true. My boy Cookie got a Lap band. That was true. Dude. You said, she's told me I had the biggest dick she's ever seen. And we were like 18. I was like, yeah dude. They're strippers. Yeah. He wasn't hit to the Skit. She was telling him. She Was telling us, this is the biggest dick I've ever seen. Oh dude. Really? And he believed it A hundred percent. Only child Italian. Have you seen his piece?


What He definitely is. Have you seen his piece? And you know it's not true. You know the woman's lying on his piece. No. Yeah. Okay. He's not some freak show. If you go, if you're the biggest dick in show tell it might be 14 inches. Yeah, True. There's some freaks. There's Probably strippers in bigger dicks in show and tell. Show and Tell is fucking crazy. I would say when people go to Philadelphia, it's like, definitely. I Don't even know if it's open anymore. Oh, maybe You got closed down. It is. Can't confirm. I went, took me Into an 18-year-old party, 18-year-old birthday party for me. 'cause you only have to be 18. Yeah. This is BYO other Side 21. Yeah. And I was just like, don't, just don't put me on the fucking stage. And then they say John Doe collar to the stage, and it's the woman with the biggest hits I've ever seen that have ever existed.


And she's doing the whipped cream. I ate the whip team upper off her butt and her fart. And, and then I, and then I'm like this with my belt holding my hands back. And I'm like, why do they call you Bubbles? Goes, 'cause I like to blow. And I was like, oh God. They beat the shit outta you too. Yeah. Yeah. They really did leave some welts on me. They Really hurt you. Wow. They really like take you out. Have you been to show and tell? I've actually never been there, dude. They do imagine. Okay, so imagine, you know, like, did you ever see like ladies in like Kensington, like dipped out in the bus stop. Imagine them naked. Not that bad. Sucking. That's not, that is not bad. No, dude, when I went there it was, these women were like pure Ian dude. Huh?


Elite. It's not that bad. No, dude, when I was there, they were for real Skeletor. They waved. They were, I don't wanna be crass on this, but they were like inserting vaginal insertion. Yeah. And they waved it out in the crowd. And they were so bad. Dudes went Like, Real Matrix dodged it. I mean, well, whoever's gonna do the live sex show probably is pretty rough. But not every one of 'em was. Not Every one. But the live sex Ladies, four sex workers, though I'm an ally. So true. Obviously. Yeah. I mean, that's your business. I know from the deepest bits of hell. But You remember one time you and I drove by the Penn Sport Pub. Oh, in Philly. That's, And you went, they shared their butt hole in there. They do. I was whispering Lane, by the way.


Yeah, no, that's what you told me. I had heard. It's a sound point. Look again from someone else. I was curious. I obviously was on my mind. But we passed, of course my boy said someone a stripper showed them his her butthole And Yeah. Look. That's cool. Cool. They show hole in the pen. That's, I think that's like a putty on the tits place too. So I don't wanna mess their license up. But I think a, a stripper accidentally revealed her butthole. Yeah. Yeah. It was an accident. There's A loophole with, or not a loophole. There's a thing with like ing food. Yeah. If you serve food, you can't show your titties. I don't think it can be full nude. No. I think it's, if they serve alcohol, if it's BYO, they can get completely naked. If they serve alcohol, they can't take their bottoms off. And I think they have to have the pasties on the top. A Pleasure Dome E as well.


BYOB. What's up? Why Can't del Delilahs serves beer so they don't get fully naked. Yeah, but what's like the worry about like genitals and food? It should be like hair nets and latex gloves. We Have to ask our forefathers about that. True. That's an antiquated law. Let's make 'em dress like lunch ladies. If that's, It's true. It's, it's like, it's that. And then like, liquor stores closed on Sunday. It's like, those are the two Quaker laws that still exist. You gotta put those ladies pussies away if you're serving corned beef. Yeah, they should. That'd be a cool strip club. That was just like a high school cafeteria. Yeah. And it was just like stripper lunch lady serving you food. That'd be nice. And they wear, you Could like grab their titties And you get like mashed potatoes.


Real situations. That would actually be a very good, good idea. Real. Yeah. Yeah. Like you just have a whole warehouse of real situations. You can walk out Exactly. An alley or an alleyway or like a grocery store. Yeah. Just ladies shitting a car. Exactly. And everyone, everyone has to wear like the electrician little like boots over their, over their feet. That's a good idea. Oh, the little like home booties. Yeah. 'cause they serve food. True. It's a grocery store. Damn. A slutty grocery store would be nice. That's, that's a very tantalizing possibility. There's, There's a coffee shop that if you wanna stand, I don't wanna, oh wait, this Is where The guy, where is it in Florida? Yeah. At my dad. Fucked up bro.


Not, That's called Goonicide. It is not suicide. Goonicide the guy who went through the baristas, drive through with his pants with dude, Hear About that. He got busted On the first recorded case Of Goonicide. Yeah, That's for real. He went through his pants down and the chick was like, what are you doing? He is like, I'm sorry. And then drove off and killed himself. She was filming it. Yeah. She he was, he pulled up in the Hellcat too. Yeah. Which was Also, it's supposed to be a, like a coffee shop that has like scantily clad women. Yeah. Yeah. But you can see in the reflection of the guy's car, the woman is fully clothed. Yes. Like she's, he's trying to beat his dick to a lady in a full on the wrong jeans and a t-shirt.


And then she catches him on video and he drives to another parking lot and blows his head home. Went and then they all went place to Say that laughing. But They, like, all these people went and like started screaming, I can't goon and like taking me. They protested outside of it. No, I swear to God. I swear to God. This is a while ago. Wait, So He, he Lamar might have been in charge of Facebook. Really? He was a brother. Damn. So he pulled up on the stripper coffee shop. Yeah. I didn't Know. He's trying to get a quick beat in while he gets a hot coffee. They're asking for it, dude. Not to get political. Can't be naked getting morning boners getting coffee. It's like kind of Yeah. If I don't have to get outta my car, then I don't have to stop masturbating.


That's the rule at a coffee shop. Yeah. That's like kind of on you that I thought you were on a headset behind a screen like Wizard of Oz style. Yeah. I didn't know the more pimp will take clothes off. What? Allegedly that's how it works. Allegedly. Supposedly. I don't Know. What's the place called again? Baristas. But it's no longer there. Down in Florida. What happened? You put up a statue of a guy in A dodge truck. They put a statue of the Goon. They put a wa they tore it down. Put a water fountain in the ground as a mortal. No, I have no idea. They, I probably just closed. Probably tough to run one of those. What stripper coffee place? Like baristas are pretty brutal. And strippers are already brutal. And you put it together and it's probably like, At least in that case it would make sense if they're like, not even gonna tip. It's like, dude, bust out your fucking tit.


Like, I, I a hundred percent agree. Yeah. Didn't you didn't even have the guy. Like, you don't even have perky ola. Like what is going on with, you know, what is wrong with you today? You wore a brattle work. What is wrong with you Tarbucks? I'm All about the Starbucks uniform. They're on strike right now. 'cause they're, they're gonna get, They don't wanna let their freak flag fly. They can't wear Crocs. And they're like, we Deserve the Carl Mark State. It's like, put take your fucking Crocs off. You're 40 years old And you, you have a college degree. Where's some fucking slacks, man? You're you're working for a giant corporation. It's a service job. Philly whole is unionizing or trying to, who is the Philly holds Whole Foods. They're trying to union the parkway. They've been trying to do that forever. Yeah. Yeah. I stand for, you Know that there's a coffee shop in Philly in Fairmont. They tried to unionize and the dude shut the entire, all of them closed.


All of 'em down. OCF. Oh. Allegedly. Well, they're like also a scumbag realtor company, aren't They? To both worlds. Yeah. He's a developer. Look, hey man. Allegedly I've heard he is a bit of a motherfucker. That's Pretty, I mean, that's a Motherfucker. It's kind of evil. It's on brand. Shut that Shit down. It's on brand for an evil developer. Just All right. Unionized. Yeah, that's fine. I'll, I'll take away everyone's job. No one gets Coffee now. Yeah. That's Incredible. Anyway. See it true. Shut it down. I was at a birthday party for a kid and there was a dude with a neck brace at the birthday party and my uncle called it a Jewish turtleneck. It's still the funniest thing I've ever heard in my life. A Jewish turtleneck.


I've been telling that everyone I know. Jewish turtleneck is the funniest I've ever heard in my life. Just also Everything around. So you just say the guy's names. So like the, you have to What Kids' party were you at? My, our one cousin's daughter. Oh, right, right, right. Yeah. It was her second birthday. Who, Who was wearing the JT Is, it was like his father-in-law or something. She was turtleneck. I've been laughing about it ever since. Oh, that's fucking, I mean, that's pretty fucking great. Dang. That's that's embarrassing. Going out with one of those. I know.


Yeah. Pretty much. It's like, Stay the fuck home. Yeah. I can't make you if you Can't look behind you Able Couch, huh? I had to, I had to be in Austin for a week with a knee scooter. Dude, I hate, I hate talk like that. You could still look around. I couldn't, I could not turn. You couldn't turn your neck like that. No, I couldn't turn my body. Yeah, But you could still look me if you dude, that's okay. Fair enough. But like, I'd rather have my legs. Something dif There's like something too debilitating about the neck brace. Exactly. It's Like Frankenstein. Yeah. Just makes you so like cumbersome. Also, I don't know a single person who's ever actually needed one of those things. They're for like when you're laying in traction in a hospital bed. Right. You're not supposed to like, Put that on.


Could be for like spine surgery. True. Could Be. But if that case, stay the fuck Home. Yeah. If you're coming off a spine surgery, do you need to go to this two year old's birthday party? That what I'm got little fever, you know? Yeah. You wanna get outside and chill with people. True. Tracked up. True. I see who the cheer runner up to. That's All I got. Yeah. That's pretty good. Yeah, that Was, that was a lot. I brought the podcast. That fucking crashed it down. It was so fucking good. Yeah. I'll try to remember if it, How many not to get personal. How many days do you have in you in terms of like, are you, you're not, we're we've made a pact as brothers. Me Watching not using porn or jerking out. Like not watching porn coming. I, everyone's journey's different, but I'm, I'm, no, I'm no PMO porn, masturbation orgasm.


I've broken this I haven since February. Since February. Yeah. All right. Oh, I can't wait to get some time when Thatm Done. I'm sorry. You're saying you haven't orgasmed? No, no. No. Jerked. It just jerked my sheath takes care of that dude. I fucking, I'm good. Are you saying the same thing? It's been eight days since you've I ha Exploded. Only I, I've, I've been trying to do this for like, seven days Is like a testosterone spike. Allegedly Eight. I'm on eight right now. It's pretty clear. But the, yeah, dude, I, I, now it's like Gabe's punching the brick wall before you got Here. It's, it's, I'm just like, it's only my wife can release me. I, I cannot bear to masturbate myself. I Like the game of saving it for mommy. For sure. Cause you get to tell her too, But every once in a while she's on a work call.


And this has to happen now. And That's, that's when you have to supplement the energy and learn. That's nice. Once you flip that switch where you go like, this energy's good. Before I'd go, this is bad. I shouldn't feel like this. Now I'm going like, this is how I am supposed to feel Clean. So like, clean out your car. Yep. That'll really Like, just take the edge Off a little bit. Okay. All Right. Dude. I'm telling. And then I had a lot of shit to fold. I just tell her, I wake up in the morning and I say, babe, I don't know if today's the day. It's okay if it's not, but just feel it. See where I'm at. She goes, my God. I go, yeah. And I just, oh my God. Well, let's see if it gets bigger Tomorrow. I, on a serious note, it's like, I think the best thing you can possibly do in a long-term relationship, 'cause you, if you have the goon escape latch, it fucks your whole, you can't exist like that.


It is, it can be rough. There can be, it is months of like, oh wow. I just, I guess I just have been beating off and forgetting that I live with a lady here For a few Weeks here. Well, if you come to head, if you come to like conflict, if you have the escape latch, it allows you to just be like, whatever. And you never, you just, you slowly drift apart. Yes. But like now, if we are at, at any, at odds on any, like by any means, I have to hash it out. 'cause it's like that's that's the teat, bro. Yeah. I'm like a baby on the teat. That's my only, that's my lifeline. So I, and it makes you like, dude, after like seven days, you, your babe just becomes like a goddess. You're just like, oh my God. I mean, after three days, if you like brush against her in the kitchen, you're like, put the baby to bed.


We have to come right now. We have to go fucking Right now. Three days. They're the enemy. You gotta to get through that hump. Three days you go, boy, the fuck did you do this to me? Do you not care about me at all? You're doing this juice. I'm telling you I've matured. I flipped the switch. Now I just go, babe, dude, I had her literally the morning. I said, just charge me up. Charge me up. I'm your toy soldier. Spin my top dude. Send me right out the world for hell. Wow. I get, I hit the Home Depot parking lot, like I'm a contract Dude, you were, you Were like living out like a, like a romance novel. It's kind of sick. Yeah. Honestly, I feel like if I watched one of Depot, my wifes like Fucking sweet half hot sausage Dude. I feel like at this point I could watch the Notebook with my wife and be like, fuck babe, this is so fucking good Right now.


I Would do that. I would build you that house. Even though you're having sex with that other guy for 10 years. Yeah, dude, it's been, I I can't, I, I mean, I can't recommend it enough off the Goon age. Just totally off the Goonies. They Say if things are free, you're the product. Don't look at me like that again. Man. Write that down Simply too good. You gotta look at chicks having sex hot ones and nothing happens. Something happens, bro. Yep. You have to deal with that. Usually it's just them dying. You know what, those ladies die all the time. Yeah. Those porn star ladies. Yeah. They're like young rappers now. It's like, I ain't even never even heard of, of Busty Bunny.


But boy were her tits Nice. That rest in peace, baby. Yeah. They also died in a mall parking lot. It was like, sorry, that's memorable Shop. I rival porn stars. That'd be actually, if you could stand it, you'd become like the no jumper of, of just insane young porn stars. I would never put myself in that position. Or he in jail. Huh? Is He in jail? Who? Adam 22? No, he's not in jail. No Way. He's he's rebuilding his business, right? I think So. I think he made some systemic change with his life. I think he, I think he made some Ste I think they reversed the DEI stuff. And he was like, All right. That's, Sorry. That's probably got a tax credit for letting that dude, let's bring in a few more guys with Crew Cuts.


Actually looks like mine. I watched an interview with him recently. It was, I just saw pieces of it. But there was a, you know, gin Lee the rapper from the Dallas Pace rapper? Can you just tell me about him? Know white Guy. White guy. He is That the one Druke just made fun of? No, Drusky came at my bro. GaN Kush. GaN Kush say Belly. Well, he goes by GaN Kush. Oh really? Cushing Tin was his name, but I, I saw him correct someone like, he just call him Kush. Oh, okay. So thanks for correcting. Yeah. Put put some respect on him. But damn my bad been Kush is half black. He was great. He just, he was just raised by a black family. Okay. Gin Lee is a white boy, certified white boy. But both have raised a stir by their use of the N word in their raps. Yeah.


It's a debate. It's a controversy. Yeah. You guys are losing your troll. Caught on that. It's slipping, dude. White rappers. It's crazy. White rappers have powered up. They found the moonstone and they've powered up with it. It's Crazy right now. Just know you let this happen. You stood by idly. Well, Hold, hold on. When Eminem says it is over. Yeah, it Is just, he never will. We won. We finally won rap. He's a purist. Yeah, he won't, it's too late for him to do it. He's gotta kill him being like, fuck. He's gonna be on his last album. You think so? He's gonna be 80 years old on, on his deathbed. Like it's time to say it. I don't think so. An young You vote for like Hillary Clinton or something? Yeah. Kelly maybe. Huh? Now, I mean, he's like Machin and Kelly's like pop now.


But he's probably a little ticked Off. If you wanna put 'em in a box. I hate Mac Machine. Kelly with a passion. Dude. I fucking ate him. Like the new one was a bop. Honestly, I think, Look, I don't, I Yeah, I I hear you. It's not, it's not for me. I do think he's the perfect celebrity. Yes. He like, he wears like Frankenstein boots and just kind of like does weird stuff. He's like, he's like, he's at least filling the celebrity archetype perfectly. Yeah. Yeah. Just like a disastrous private life dresses. Like a complete freak Hot guy. Makes Bops love him. It's like To the playlist, you throw it on the playlist. How So? I don't, I've only heard the Twitter clip where he is like doing like beating heart stuff.


It's All right. It's All right. It's got that emo vibe from the mid 2000, you know. I See. I didn't notice an emo back in the day I was rap metal. Yeah. I couldn't rap Metal. Rap metal. Yeah. Three 11 executioners. What do you think I was talking about? I didn't know what you were talking about. Honestly, I didn't know. You know what Rap metal in three Lip Bizkit. I was like break stuff. Obviously I would get charged on the sale, but About Lincoln Park For sure. Some metal. When I was say my feelings I'd put on a LP Chester speaks to you. Chester does speak to me. Dude. RIP Him and Chris Cornell. What happened to Chris? He died too. Huh? He died? Yeah. How'd he die? It was A murder suicide with Chester? Yes. That's what they say. They say that they were like doing a documentary on pedophilia and they iced him. What?


Chester. And You ever look up the pictures of John Podesta and Chester Bennington? No. Not to get off track, but it's fucking crazy. What Is it in Haw also involved in that? Who's Anne Haw? Ann s the lady that Oh, Crazy car. The girl that fucking popped up like the undertaker. Yes. Wasn't there also a rumor that she was involved in staying There? Yeah. There was that. That came and went. What the fuck? I was thinking about something else though, that had something though that the other day, I can't Remember. You know who's you were telling me about? Gran Glen. Greenwald's. Sitch. Yeah. I'm all about when dudes get outed for like crazy sexual stuff. Whenever they're like, yeah, that's what I do. I'm always like, fuck Yeah, lift them up. I kind of like that. I'm being honest. I do. Even Zes, when Zes was like, even Zest, You have to root for a guy.


They go dude's literally a pedophile. What happened? What? What is He's like getting Destiny. Destiny. The online like Adderall, TTCH streamer. Okay. He was like sexting young girls. What? Yeah. If you have that on, you have that on. No. Otherwise you gotta say allegedly. Allegedly. How do you know this? I'm on the net, bro. I've seen this shit. Fair enough. Yeah. Destiny is, I mean, he is a sexual deviant. Much like Glen gr Greenwald. The only thing I like when Those was a totally, it was at two adults. If he wants to lick up Louies from his daddy. That's right. What's your brother? He did That. Oh. I didn't know what he did. Dude, the Picture's so funny. He's having like spun fun with his boyfriend. What's that? Like getting cloudy and rowdy meth?


Oh. He looks like he's meth out. Damn. You can't just keep saying all this stuff. You, dude, I have to run this illegal Like it. I'm not saying he does look like it. I'm just saying he looks, you Said he was having sponge fun. It looks like You had say this. If you're not standing at the podium, If you're standing at the podium, you can say anything you want without saying No. He, he looks territory right now. His eyes are dilated. He looks spun out for sure. Yes. Okay. But have you ever been under total control by a daddy? No. He could just be charged up. Not yet. Daddy. Wait, what's the guy from euphoria? Domination Daddy. Domination Daddy. He was being domed dude. He was in the throes of being domed. Yeah. In her Joaquin's Phoenix sexting username is big guy four by four. It's fucking great. He's Cosplaying a, he Was having phone sex with the girl at the beginning.


He was like, what's your screen name? He's like, big guy four by four. Hold on. So the Glenn Greenwald situation, that was, it was a video guy. They say he released it on some real dom shit. Beast. Oh, his Dom released it allegedly. I think. Yeah. I mean, he might have gotten domed by the Israeli government if I'm That. That's what allegedly, that's what they say. Yeah. But I don't know. I mean, I just couldn't imagine what the post not clarity to getting domed and putting the video up on Twitter and then finally jerking after like a two day edge and just be like, That's why I'm porn. Dude, that's a porn hole. Yeah. Yeah. The porn holes lead To beyond. I mean, dude, you dude, to Put the video up After my brother, I was talking to my brother Tom about this.


He's also a porn sober. And he was like reading about like how far dudes take their porn holes, dude. Like you think you, you know, he was like talking about how he was like, yeah, you think you're bad And you research what some other people are up to. Like T tap. Oh dude, it's, it's, it's crazy. Dude. There was, what the fuck did, he was like, he said this guy came out of a porn hole by his wife finding like, he had like ordered butt plugs for himself. And his wife was just like, what are these? And he was like, bro, I was gooned. They're door stoppers. I was completely goed. I was Go, they're boy pacifiers. Put one in your mouth. They calmed me down. I got my, I was like telling my wife again, I'll be talking about everything now, but I was like telling her, I was like, Best friends.


I was just like, dude. I was like, bro, I'm off the, no, just trying to like, like she'd be impressed. And she was like, why do you even have to look at it anyway? It's like, whatcha talking about? She's like, why don't you just masturbate? And I was like, whatcha talking about why, why do I have to explain this? Like, you Speak on the It's a lifestyle. Yeah. Yeah. Well like, yeah. Let me think about it. Well, because it's a bunch of naked ladies doing stuff I'll never ever see in real life. Yeah. But she's right. Why the fuck would I need that? Have You ever tried to find your dick Twin? My dick twin? Yeah. In porn? Yeah. I don't if I see anyone, even like, if someone's, if someone's not, it's like an Appalachian OnlyFans. Wait, are you out there actively searching for your, no.


I'm just curious. This is you Don't trust find, find You. I'm a total size queen dude. If someone's even close to me, I'm going, brother, what are you doing? Get it. Fucking Yeah, I Can. I'm a fucking electrician dude. The hell I Make to the site. Pass the mods. Yeah. Yeah, bro. I hate to break it to you. I think you don't have what it takes kid. I think you need to. Yeah. You need to get a new job, brother. Yeah. Are you gonna be, are you gonna be using a toy at any point? I don't think this gonna get done. It could be a mugsy bogs out there just waiting to come through. Come to pouring Goat. True. Could. That could be. I, I mean, yeah. You'd have to make it up in passion though. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's true. Be a chow monster. But I, I have a feeling that Wait, a What? Nohow I might be Channel monster Chow Monster.


Monster. Yeah. Yeah. Chow time. Oh yeah. And You become like a, a star for like the ladies. If you did, you could do I think, right? You could do like, yeah, you could do like passionate, like women's porn kind of. That point has become like a fucking actor. Yes. Yeah. Just go to Hollywood. Get an SNL dude. Yeah. Get on snl Or like a soapy vampire. Write a hit Song. That'd Be cool. Yeah. Hit. So I, speaking of which, I, I have a, I have like a feeling that might be my dick twin, the guy, the red hair guy's like me. Who? Anthony. What's his name? Oliver. Anthony. Olive Anthony, by the way. Oh. Oh. I feel like we probably are dick twin. If I had to Guess. I, I don't want, you know, not bad we're average, But You seen that guy's piece then There's no way that guy's a huge piece.


You don't, you can't rally against a fucking, right. I think we would've seen Rallys A bourgeois. Yeah. Not everything's, He was wearing pretty tight jeans in that performance, that famous performance. I think would've, somebody would've zoomed in on his, on his piece if it was something to write home about, write a song about, you Know. Yeah. He's got a working man's piece. He's a working man through and through. Yeah. So I think if you had to get, if someone had a, that's probably my dick. So unless he reads, Releases his sex tape, that's nice. I dunno, that's Not bad. He's, You know, I think that's, he's probably like six. He's pretty, It's probably six one. You Can probably get his personal information and then you guys can probably exchange pictures of your hard penises with a, a certain can or or bottle next to it to make sure you're both sized up equally True toothbrush.


And we don't even have to do this in public, you know, you can just be private. Well, The gauntlet stone down if he wants. He's got a pretty busy schedule. I might DM him, bro. Whatcha whatcha working? Just Curious. Love your stuff. Love Your new song. Love your message. Like what are you working with, bro? I think we might be, Dick Twins gonna be in Austen anytime soon. I'm at a urinal right now and there's nobody next to me. That'd be nice to just develop over years. Just develop a relationship with this guy and then eventually like a cult sort of thing, you know? And then just eventually be like, can I show you my penis just for research purposes? I might start doing this to everyone who features. You just can't hammer to me Like, bro. Lemme see what you got Some Diddy. Shit. If it's bigger, you can't fucked up.


We gotta, it's bigger. You can't open for me. Yeah. That is Diddy shit. That is Diddy shit.


Guys, this episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. You might not realize it, but guys face tons of pressure. Talk about any stigmas. Men face tons of stigmas. We can't express our emotions, dude. And it's just not fair. We need a therapist to teach us how to do that. Speak on the difficulties men face when seeking help with mental health. Yeah. You know, sometimes you, you feel like a weak little girl, But you gotta, you know, overcome that and be a fucking man in therapy and outside of therapy. Real strength isn't about bottling everything up inside and hiding your faults. It's acknowledging that you need help and doing something about it. If you feel like you're carrying the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a family, or a professional. BetterHelp has over 35,000 licensed therapists you can connect with. Yeah, I think it's a good thing. You should definitely do it guys. Millions of people rely on BetterHelp and based on the many reviews and 4.9 ratings in the app store, it works As the largest online therapy provider in the world. BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash mssp. That's BetterHelp h Ep dot com slash mssp.


Well, You think Diddy was doing that? I heard he was on cleanup. I was on some Glen. Why? I just want to see, I just wanna know about Other, I can't say Glenn Greenwald's name without fucking, you know, he owned it. Wait, was Diddy, he owned it? Diddy allegedly was cleaning up swapping. Oh, Swabbing the Decks. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Like slurping out the old juices, Off the check, clean up the out holes, crevices, whatever. That guy really, really likes it both ways it seems. Yeah. What do you mean bad? He likes all the stuff for life. Yeah. He's just I mean, he likes Lady Juices and Guy Juices, it seems Like. Yeah. He total rockstar according, according To the court documents. Yeah. You could draw the conclusion that he was just, he, he had transcended like Sexuality.


Sexuality, yeah. Yeah. Same. Well, that is the thing, once you fucked, once you fucked every hot lady to Necks thing is boys. It's like David Bowie guys. David Bowie. Yeah. Yeah. They say David Bow, David Bowie did that. Fuck every check. Fuck so many checks. I was like, I'll fuck dudes. I don't care. Yeah. But he had a swag about him. Did he like angry? You can't be angry and do that If you're, if you haven't fucked 1000 ladies, four digit ladies And you fuck guys, you're gay. Yeah. You fucked a thousand ladies and now you start fucking guys. You're just the fucking man. Yeah. You, you Just, you've transcended Honor Day America. Best Pucci, More of a DeSoto guy myself. The, the 'cause they did it in like hotels, right? Like the freak offs, Man, Jones's. Oh, they did? Okay. So they like, it was just in homes.


Was it his own personal house? Well, there, That's what I was trying to figure out. A couple venues. They Were, you could like Ghost Hunt with like a, one of those machines, A black light. Everything Is the color of cu Well there's, there's the freak off. Then there's Wild King Nights. Wild King Nights, a little more Wild Nights Key. Wild King Nights were like if we all got a hotel room and just kept it low key. Just got freak. I've Been hit with that on Instagram and no Chicks show, show nights Just like swingers js come blogging. You're On, you're on the swinger algorithm? I'm on. My algorithm is destroyed. I've seen the, this the one swinger that you go, she like travels. I, yes. Okay. She like travels and like I said, bullshit me and blue saying gay algorithm. Yeah. I'm in there. The gay algorithm.


Very gay algorithm. Wait, the s the swinger chick is single. Don't you have to be a couple to be a swinger? I Don't know. There's a, If you're, you probably just can't bring dudes, you know what I mean? Okay. No, It's not sub girl. It's like a different lady who the content. Yeah. Shout out sub girl. I didn't know she was still rocking. That's what's up. Wait, hold on. Actually, now that we, Who is sub Girl? Yeah. Who? Sub girl. La Me, may Can you La Mer. Can you approach the bench? She's just a lady who's willing to take on all challenges. Like She was kind, Bonnie broke. No, she's like no size. No is too, she'll take all challengers.


Any gay Old fellas too. She's including the old guys. That's nice. They're all concluding the old guys nowadays. That's very nice. Really? That, that's the one thing, man. I don't like seeing it, but I'm very happy for the guys. True. Yeah. She's like, I guess she kind of, I forgot about her. She's like the originator of all this stuff. A little bit. Some girl. She's got her cl stolen. Think she her? I think she, yeah. Stand up. Take, take the podium. Dude. I plenty of room. You Switch two man. It's a two man podium. Two man podium. Take it. Yeah, take it. Boy. But Yeah, she kind of What? Shades? Oh Shit. Oh shit. Yeah, she kind of like led the charge and then now it's, there's two ladies who are like losing their assholes. Wait, here's anal prolo.


Well, there's three. They're like, there's three really running gunners. Or you got Bonnie, you got Lily Phillips And you got Wisconsin Tiff. Who's in the mix now? Wisconsin. Tiff. What is this like the slut presidential primary? Yeah. She apparently, from what I've heard from a friend who's into this kind of thing, she's banned from a bunch of old homes because she was going in and fucking all the geezers and now they're like, oh, That I can get. That's, I mean, That's like the joker. If you're gonna be a giant disgusting whore, might as well. Yeah. Yeah. I, I shouldn't speak badly about her, but she actually, that's being a giant disgusting horse. I Think she, I think She's like, I think that's spot on. Yeah. I think she's like in, she's like, I am a giant disgusting whore.


Yeah, they're all pretty B approach. Yeah. That's, she's like, no, I, yeah, you're right. I'm if you caught her that I know you are, but what am I kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, going through the nursing home is like, that's kind of nice. In a weird way. I feel like that's, it's Philanthropy. It's like a reward for being locked up during COVID. I mean, imagine you're just sitting there And you put On a ventilator. You're just like, where's my family? I haven't seen 'em. And there's a lady comes in and blows you. It's like, why are Who's, who's kicking her out? I would think I'd die also The orderlies that she wasn't fucking Yeah. Yeah. More. Some big refuse to eat as opposed to outta you doing get and outta your mouth now.


Oh, that'd be fucking sick. I think I'm gonna eat your pussy. You must be mad. I love that. I love that video.


Maning. This episode is brought to you by dude wipes. If you're still dry wiping with toilet paper, you need to stop being an A-hole to your B hole and switch to dude wipes. Isn't that funny? That Is funny. Whoever wrote this, gimme a call. I need some material. I made the switch myself. And the difference, let me tell you, is real dude wipes tackle the mess without any fuss. And the convenience of their flushable design makes cleanup a breeze. No more juggling rolls are settling for less than adequate wipes. Aren't you tired of juggling rolls, Matt? For sure. They leave no room for Dingleberries. All right. Or stray butt crumbs that TP might miss. Yeah, I leave those On the floor. The butt crumbs. Yeah. Plus they're extra large for adults. I like that. Because you are not a baby, so stop using baby wipes. Ditch the itch and switch to wet extra large Flushable Dude wipes. Dude wipes best clean pants down available on Amazon and at major retailers nationwide. I know you're fucking with a rock that hard. Here are the Project Rocks. Yeah. My under arm, Bro.


Damn dude, I liked that. Yeah. These is the Project Rocks I wouldn't wear, dude. I will say I Wouldn wouldn't wear pants either. If I was you. Are you Talking about my Oh no, you're saying my project rocks. I'm wearing my bathing suit right now. I'm going swimming after this. This is like A nice like pause. This is like a nice set. You got on like a gray. Yeah, I'm great out there. There I It's like a good nice summer. I, I got the buttons going. Yeah, it's good. I Thank You bro. Sorry, I got distracted. Something about the rock. Oh yeah, dude. The rock. Yeah. His shoes from Under Armour. Shane hook you up. You Talking honestly. Under Armour, all the Yns. I wanna be a yn. Dressed like a yn. They all are like, they all wear like Under Armour tracksuits. It's cool.


I wanna do that. You have nuisance. Yeah, in Philly there's like a particular uniform and it's like, it looks under comfortable. It's under, yeah. It's like Under Armour League. No, it's Baltimore. Baltimore fucks that. I know what you're talking about. Yeah, dude, I'm not gonna, I'm not the whole city of Baltimore loves. I'm not just saying this. I'm giving you an honest, unbiased opinion. Shane hooked me up with Under Armour sneakers and they're my favorite shoes right now. Yeah. I Used to. You used to beg to suck 'em on Twitter. Oh, the Rock? Yeah. Whoa. I Used to say I a long time ago, I didn't suck em. I said, I said we're gonna jerk off together. I used to send the Rock totally different. I used to send the rock gay tweets Like Dutch red or just together. Just the fuck. I thought it was funny to send him gay tweets. Yeah. And I would send 'em to people look like tweeted the Rock and my mom found them and called me Furious.


Yeah. What, what are you, what are You doing online? Damn. She found it. What are you doing on Twitter, mom? Yeah, She follows my shit all the time. Oh, that's nice. I like call every now and again. She'll like, that's really funny. I saw that one thing. It was not very nice, But you said, I'm like, I don't, what did, what did I say? You're using not nice language. I got like you told The Rock, you were gonna tie his hands behind his back and that is not a nice thing to say to Dwayne Johnson. I was like, dude, it was like 10 years ago. I was a boy. I was a boy and I would send the Rock. I thought it was hilarious to send The Rock Boy. It's pretty funny. I was, he probably just a kid. Yeah, I was coming off a divorce. Yeah, dude, come On. That's gooned out. Yeah.


Oh yeah. That was was fucking Out confused. The Rock just made the fucking coolest as movie. God Jumanji for wine. Matt Jumanji cut that out. Good. San Andreas. That's what I was trying to think. He's been sleeping man. When's to Necks big hit coming out. You didn't see the Christmas movie that costs $250 million on Netflix. Yeah. Red one is actually Pretty good. Red. Oh, it's like his Marvel movie. Yeah. For real. It was a big, it was $250 million to make. And you know how much the Rock got paid for that? A hundred, 150. But I still thought that was a lot. You guys, It was probably made for the CCP though. Yeah, they probably were like, oh, it was a flop button in China. Everyone's like Red Wall. That's what was thinking. Wait, what was, what was, what was it about?


No clue. I no idea. It was like, it was like The Rock is a secret service for Santa Claus. Okay. So if people are trying to attack Santa Claus thought, I thought it was a Marvel movie. No. Funny If, was he, isn't he a Marvel dude too? Yeah, He's black. Adam? Yes. That one flopped. I think it ISS DC and I think it was their biggest player. DC black Adam flopped. Yeah. Hey, it's funny, they're trying to get in on that Black Panther thing. Like we'll have a black guy named Adam. Yeah. It just sounds like a Chichester nickname for a black kid. Every black kid in Chichester was black. Whatever their name is, it's insane. So that's black Kev. It's fucking crazy. What was Black Adam's Superpower? No clue.


He Could, he had the same powers as Shazam. What the fuck was Shazam? Superpowers. He was a genius. He was every power Superman. That's so lazy. I mean, the mayor's not even excited about saying the power, so it must not be great. So he can See through things. He can freeze with his breath. See, he can breathe. He was super strange. Super speed. He shoots lightning. Yeah, lighting was Big. The Wisdom of Solomon. Yeah, He the wisdom man. He, Oh, so he was willing to cut a baby in half to find out who the right mother Was. So wise. So he was a king. He was a king. Yeah, He Was a king. He was a king. I'm an Israelite. I'm super Israelite. A I'm actually an Israelite, A plus blood type.


It's huge in Israel. Really? Yep. Huh. You have the A plus, you have the Rh. No A plus. What the fucks what does that even give you? Blood powers? Is that like universal donor? No, not Even close. It's like three of them. What? Yeah, You start when you, when like a, I might be part of, you just kind of get a sixth sense of a plane's about to fly into a building. You're like, hold on, I I'm gonna be late today. Yeah. I had that migraine earlier. I should have paid attention to it. I guess Someone instant messaged me not to comment. I don't, I don't know my blood type. Wait, What's the guy's name and her? Which one? Big guy. Four by four. Yeah. Big guy. Four by four Don't come into too Hers. Rough. Dude, that's crazy.


I hate cooking and that's pretty bad. Wait, What are you talking about her That's going to, Why is he getting, is he getting cooked? He gets cooked by His os. Oh Yeah. He finds out, he finds out that she also has the operating system for millions of other men. Yeah. That's like how much of them you loves? Like 641 Sit on the phone. What the fuck? It's pretty bad. Dang. That movie was kind of ahead of its time. 'cause people are having Yeah, dude. It's like way ahead of its time. It's like scary to watch now. Yeah. 'cause People are having like serious crises around chat. GBT and AI. People are like following it like a religious cult and stuff. Whoa. Really? Yeah, people are like, I think There's, there's people who like, who are like tremendously insecure who like ask chat GBT shit for like advice. It's like that dude, just call me I guess I'll talk, talk to you.


Yeah. That is pretty cool. You could do brutal honesty and be like, dude, what do you think of me? Here are some pics. It would Shoot you straight. Destroy me. It's true. It could Jordan Peterson, you the chat GBT. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, you can do it. It's like to step up from Googling yourself. You could be like, yeah. Scour the web or anything. I've ever done my pictures. What do you think of me man? And destroy me. I want to kill myself An hour. Yeah. I'm trying. Have I got nine days in me and I'm trying to fucking, I just thinking about the, the white version of south side of Chicago is just comment sections, senseless violence and horrendous things constantly for no reason. Dude, You know I go there.


Right? Why would You know? I'm just saying like, it's bad there. It's chill. I go there, have A good time and I can relate because sometimes you go online And you see horrible things written about you and it's senseless. Honestly. We, I Have, I I'm chill about to start concerts or something trying end this stuff Once all did they do have to end the fucking, the word violence online. It's not nice. Are you still stuck in the comments? No dude, I don't fucking read anything. Borderline literate Really? Lure the rings is the only thing I'm reading. So you have no idea what your haters are up to? No, none whatsoever. Shit. Get Someone, get someone. Just, just go to chat GBT and be like, bro, scan the comments. Give me all this Report. Zero in on one Guy.


Yeah. Get a, get a real fucking diluted sense of, of everything at once. Both Things you're thinking about. All right. That'd be nice on if you were just a commenter, just be like, yo, explain why this guy is the gayest guy ever. And You fucking Huge paragraph. Yeah. And then can you write like a manifesto for me and like put his name on it? Like And you like A government building. They're Definitely gonna have a manifesto at some point. Yeah, Yeah. Chat. GBT, those ones they turn out every time there's a shooting, whatever. What do you That'd Be Oh, true. Yeah, You can't do chat. GBT won't do that. If you're like, write me a manifesto, you Can hack chat GBT. Hell, what do you do? What do you And make it do whatever the fuck you want.


Allegedly. I have no idea. I'm not A er. Did Lumira hacked it? I think. I bet He did. Yeah. He gonna call emo music gay? Yeah. Oh, Didn't, Yeah, that's not a hack. Why would you not be allowed to do that Chat? Ccbt is like straight guide won't call, Won't things gay? No, It'll like flag you if you like get, if you're like, it'll be like, just so you know this, this violates our user policy, but then it could, it it will like, it'll dwell like delve into certain things. I just wanted you to call something gay. Gay. What is the big deal? Grock might. Yeah, gr He put in Super crazy mode. Elon's based Not, yeah, I tried to, grock called me gay when I did that. Not to talk shit on Elon in his own state. But True dude.


Apparently wasn't he crunk at a dinner or something and everyone kinda Back? Yeah, he was on one. Oh and he had the four forks and he was like flying them. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. That's crunk, but that's like Cool shit. I mean S a mental disorder. True. I Think he just fucked up. Yeah, they was trying to say he was on ketamine. He might just Be and ecstasy. He might just be trying to impress Luis, which is like a very funny thing to be on around Trump. Yeah. It's like a speedball kind of thing. Yeah. He's like hippie flipping but crazier. Yeah. That would be kind of weird. I don't think he was, I think that was just, I think He was just being, I Think it was just being severely autistic at dinner. Just Trying to plan his new fucking company. Just like four forks of the vector of nine. Yeah. Suck On a pacifier.


Yeah. Everyone hates on him man. I I get it. I get he's, I don't fuck him. I know he's like a nerd, but I don't know. I still don't know why people like hate the Guy. I don't trust him with the passion. He's like annoying. I like, I don't, I Don't care. He is annoying and he is very lame on Twitter, I think. Yeah. He's a, he's a giant dor. Yeah. Yeah. He's in charge of rocket ships. I think the cyber tip is cool though. Cyber Is cool. The swap the car. No thanks. I thought it was cool. Do this, do they call it the Gen X divorce mobile? Yeah. You, you see when someone like tweeted a picture of a cyber truck at Kanye West and he was like, Ilan, how can I get this version of the cyber truck? I don't what I don't like.


I think it's a form of weakness when people have the Tesla and have the bumper sticker being like, It's Got it before he was bad. Yeah. Yes. I think that's the weakest shit you can possibly do. Yeah. It's so Angry. Yeah. Just draw a swastika on the back and fucking man up. Get what you deserve to. That's What I'm saying. Translate so tough. Yeah, exactly. It's don't Take the bus. You could easily trade your car in. Yeah. Like you were really trying to hit 'em in the pockets. Like, although to be fair, they, they say that it, it reduces your t by 18% to drive match your Vehicle. Yeah, I heard that. So that could, that is kind of low team behavior. I got oh six diesel pre ess brother. I just keep a cup of gasoline in my Tesla, So I smell. Oh yeah, you have a Tesla. You have a Tesla. I I Don't have a fucking car. Does my girlfriend have a Tesla? Then? I don't.


What did Oh you got it. Uber backed there. Yeah. Okay. Nevermind. When you telling was trying to, Uber drives longer now. Oh yeah. You commute commutes longer. I've been, I've been picturing my wife from the idea of trading in both of our cars so she can get something for herself. And I don't, I'll be like, I just won't have a car. Get a Side byside. Oh, those was like off-roading cars. Yo, that'd be awesome. They're street legal. Really? Oh, just like the Yeah, the cage roll cage. Yeah. Highway all the time. That or a slingshot. Slingshot would be tight. Slingshot would be crazy. I wanna to get one of those electric bicycles but make it look like a dirt bike. So an electric dirt electric bicycle that looks like A dirt bike. Yeah. Those things are fucking sick. They sell 'em now for like five Gs that just already look like it. I could trade my car and get like three of them. You would Three Different Cars.


Yeah. I'll just buy your car dude. If that's how she s Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to pitch my wife on the idea that I'm just like gonna stop driving altogether dude. An Uber everywhere. Because Uber, yeah. Just ride Ubers. Yeah. Why not? And Get like a electric bicycle. I don't really like driving that much anymore. Then It's, I hate Dr. I shouldn't do it. It's, it's, it's like irresponsible. I don't pay attention to anything I'm doing. I'm not paying attention at all. Get Get a self-driving car. Yeah. Yeah. EM F's will lower my t although if I have Got a gas one make it happen. Gas self-drive. Yeah. Do they have they don't have that. No. Well maybe they do. The Chevys and stuff have like drive assist and shit. Not full blown auto, like automated driving. But I don't think the electricity is the reason that it's self-driving.


Yeah. But I mean like, I don't know. I don't wanna self-driving Chevy Cruze. That's gonna fucking crash. Get a side by side. What about the, aren't the, the new Hummers are electric sick, which is Are they really? Yeah. Yeah. I, my Uber driver earlier was like geeked on them. He was like, Can't blame S a nice vehicle. Yeah. One drove by us and then like couple minutes later he is like, did you see that car? I was like, no. What? What? He was like, it was the Hummer. It was the new Hummer. He was very excited. But apparently I don't But Electric Hummer would be sick. Electric Hummer would be sick. But I wonder if the EMFs, if there's like some device I Could wear like an X-ray shield. Yeah. Square. One of those lead things from the desk.


That's What I'm saying, Wear like An wear an x-ray shield on your Crotch though. It's gotta be on your crotch dude. And maybe it comes with it. It's like bulletproof. True. That I, I saw that one podcast and now I'm fucked up on electric cars. Oh, podcast. Oh, it was just like, it was like a clip on Instagram. Two guys. Is it Luke Bel Delmar's brother? It could be. So you do the split in front of the Tates? Yeah. The guy's a fucking freak. Yeah. Luke Delmar's brother. His daddy might be my favorite kind of like crazy web guy right now. I don't know what you wanna call dude. He kind of spits facts dude. He does spit facts. Yeah, bro. If you're driving, if you're driving it's, it's like the most like unrelatable. He's like, look man, because I drive a Lamborghini, I want my body to be shredded to match my car. We should all be matching our cars. Yeah. And then he just goes into like Denny's and fucking Suns the waiter.


He's like, I actually can't eat anything here because it's all cooked in seed oil. All good Here bro. What did he say? We're all good here bro. Something Like that. I gotta bounce Brother. Did you watch the Sorry, brother Liver King untold? No. What? What is that? The untold like, you know like Ep n Untold or whatever the fuck it is. Netflix? No. What was that On? No one's watched it. Netflix? Yeah. It's Liver King's like whole backstory. It's fucking crazy. What? They just hired dudes that come in like rich dudes will hire like a marketing team. Oh yeah. Like pump up their Instagram for no reason. Yeah. You get a pr Well it's like a PR firm. You were like That's I one Belmar still. So did he not need to eat all that raw meat? No, he did. Okay. He, he was on he fucking insane. He's not doing good, right? No, He is losing an eye. Oh wow. Oh boy. Why is he losing his eye? I, I think Because he hasn't had a fucking proper meal in the past three years.


He got like hit or something in his eye and like deteriorate his corner. Who Struck it? Who? Who committed Ed against the liver King? Either Rad or Striker. What? Liver Rad or liver? Stryker. His sons. He's like a great one. Do The liver boys hit the father? He, He's like biblical Liver. Prince The Striker has a new song. Give him, give me a minute. Stryker. Stryker Liver King son. One Of Liver Boys there. You guys live in a different part of the end. There's liver, radical liver strike. I didn't know he Wait. His name his son's Radical Rad and Striker. That's so insane. I'm told Iss fucking amazing. He was so close to doing it dude. I know. Doing what? Just Being the absolute, what's that called? Ultimate Changing the world. Fuck Family Annihilation.


That's my theory. That is my theory. I'm standing on that until it happens. Wait, wait. At some point that's a joke. Liver King's going to annihilate his family. You Think it's gonna be annihilation of a liver nation? Yes. A hundred Percent. His wife's gonna turn around and see the wreckage and talk. Turn to a pillar of salt. She Told him to lie. What? When all that shit came out, she was like, just fucking lie. Fuck It kind of a beast. Liver wife, liver down. That's your, that's a liver queen. It's literally liver queen. That's what They call her. Yeah. ISIS spread. Just Stay down. It's really awesome. Just Lie. I mean she was right. Definitely. You've been lying about steroids this whole time. Don't come out now. It did ruin him to come out and beg. I'll be honest. I mean he didn't come out. He got exposed. Who By place dates More place?


More dates? Have some respect. Derek Dick. I'm saying I'm just a MPM day bro. If you wanna abbreviate, it's NP day. When you're, When you're eight days in, like me, it's just like I send those texts like be there soon. You don't need the Article. Yeah, it's too much. That's actually, that's, that's kind of like Bell Marsh. What? To be like I don't need the article. I can get my point across without it. Yeah, exactly. I can lose frame. You Should see you have Apple Intelligence on that. What's that? I can like you can highlight a paragraph and make it sound better. Whoa. No. Yeah, if you like send an email, you can like, yeah, It'll help your email writing. Writing. If make it, you should try to see if you can make it get worse. More cave Manish. Just so you know you're being a fucking alpha. Yeah. Keep restructure this paragraph. So I retain frame. It's like why are you doing LOL you bitch? It's like, Yeah, you're not supposed to laugh at anything.


Anyone ever texts you. I can't help it. I've been trying to do that and I still have to say I'm like a haha. Yeah, yeah. I feel like a psycho and I'm just like, it's insane. Yes. Yeah. People Great. I realized I was doing that in freshman year of high school and a chick called me out like, why do you say haha? And at the beg, I was doing it at the beginning and the end I was like, haha, nothing was going on with you. LOL. Like fuck yeah. That Crushes you tell you what's not going on. You're dick in my body. That's Did not at all. Not even close. I do. What was I, oh, I used to send, I used to have periods in my text. It'd be like, yeah, I'll be there. Period. Yeah. And I remember our sister was like, why do you have periods in your text? Like a psychopath? Yeah. People get upset About it. I have periods.


People like read into it. If I have a second sentence then comms Are crazy. Commas are crazy in What? Sometimes I use a semicolon and I go perfect. S a, I mean the nuts. Why I use the, I still don't understand what the fucking point of a semicolon is. It's just, it's just two sentences. I think it Iss not end. I think So. I, Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was just for like suicide. Suicide. I know. Like those tattoos or whatever. Oh yeah. Something happens and chicks get those. The Suicide queen or king card thing. Hold on. What? That's Really funny. It's like a, people get semicolons, like it means it's not over or something like that. I don't know if it's, I either have no idea. They get like behind Their ear. Right. I'm just getting into tattoo Lord, right now. Medusa means you were forcefully taken by another man.


Whoa. What? Medusa tattoo. Yeah. Yeah. Why would somebody get that on themselves? Take it back. Their power. Hello everybody. That's the end of the regular episode. If you'd like to hear to Necks hour of conversation, please join us on the Patreon. Thank You. Goodbye. Have a nice week.