
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wes, the shoes are, look at me. They're my most comfortable pair of shoes. These shoes. These shoes are Sick. Hey. The P prance around those under armors. These Shoes are Dope, man. Modelo saying, Show these people your under armor skills. He, He did get the best choice. Ooh, Little Jack. I've never seen you kick that high. Little jack, black little jack. Actually black. I'll be honest, I would've been a million dollars. You couldn't have done that Many kicks in a row. That was a lot. Kung fu. That was a kung fu panda. Yeah, He is Jack Black. I wish I wasn't so goddamn sleepy. Yeah. I fucking Workout This morning. Morning. I was yesterday, man. I Woke up. Oh, yesterday. I did, yesterday I played video games.


Yeah. I was, I, it was a pathetic day. Did that thing where I opened my eyes and tried to gauge the hangover before I woke up and I felt All right. I was just hot. I like woke up. Was a thousand degrees. I thought it was 7:00 AM I reached over to like, I'm like seeing what time it is. I only see if Brittany's in bed. I'm like, All right. It's probably like seven. Didn't feel her. And I pat it and it was just a pillow on. I'm like, there she is. And I laid there and I checked my phone like 10 minutes later. It was fucking 10 30. I was like, holy shit. Damn. Slept. Yeah. We were up Late though. We were up super late. We got Home late. Yeah. We were up super late. Yeah. I was, I was dragging. That's an Early dig. 10 30. That was crazy. Early decade, dude. Dude. Usually it's 6 37. Oh, For me, I try to get up before my kids. It's 11. It's 11. It is like, I'm, I did it.


I got up at a decent hour. Really? Yeah. I feel like the older I'm getting the, I'm just waking up early. Even if, Even if you're hour, even if It's a late night. Yeah. You Think it's about time. Like you're like, I'm running outta time. I'm not. I'm not sure. No, no. It's not like it's a conscious decision. It's just your body. I Just keep waking up early. Yeah. That's the opposite for me. I'm waking up later. Really? I have to set, I have to set 11:00 AM alarms really to be up. Like, if not, I'll just sleep. That's nice. Fuck it. Fuck it. Sleep. That is nice. No, I'm, I just get, my kids wake up at like 7:00 AM so it's either I get up before them or I get woken up to just like a kid through a monitor. Like, ah. And it's like, for real, the worst fucking way to wake Up.


Because you have to get, you have to get out of bed and like, And go to action right Away. So if you get up before them, you like, chill, relax. Yeah. Drink my coffee. And then it's like, you'll hear them wake up. You're like, sweet. Is dad energy a thing? Like you like dad energy. Like you hear it and you're like, All right. It kind of kicks you into gear. Or is it just Yeah, you pop. Yeah, you pop up. 'cause you know, the only alternative is like, they're fine. And then you wait and wait and wait. And that can turn into just like, rest of their life. Really? If you're want a fucking day, dad. Yeah. You can just leave. Yeah. Yeah. You go, you know what? They're fucking fine. A lot of people don't have dads. They'll, they'll be All right. Anything. It'll help them. Give him the little turbo charge. Make Stronger little boy named Sue made you stronger.


I've been looking at schools. We finally found one. Dude, it's such a fucking insane process now to find like schools for kids. Yeah. Since we went, we like looked at 'em. Oh yeah. It's insane. We went, looked at a bunch of schools and then what a lot of 'em do, I noticed they like card out their eighth graders as like, give You a look. Say this is what we do. Check these kids out. But then they come out and they're like fucking robots. Dude. These kids come out and they're like, my passion is, and it's like, what? Who the fuck, who's back there hitting you with fucking bamboo sticks? Yeah. They got a lot of that When I was in eighth grade. If they pulled me out in front of parents, like, what do you like about school? I'd been like, I don't know. Recess. No. Zero eye contact. Yeah. Like, recess, recess. I, no, fuck. Math sucks. These kids are coming out like they're running for fucking president.


They're like, well, I'm actually going to a very s like, what the fuck? Now this is speaking is not a dad at all. But I kind of like that because that's what I felt like, wasn't that always? That kind of the thing is like America was falling off 'cause we were, our kids weren't as disciplined as other countries. These, these kids are so smart. They come out and they're, they're like little mini adults. Yeah. They're like mature. It's really weird. I kind of would like to have had that for myself. I feel like a dumb ass a lot. And to just not have that as part of my life will be beautiful. Just to come out and be like, I'm very deeply actually working with my community right now. I never Really thought if you were dumb or not. You don't seem very dumb. I'm not completely dumb, but I'm not C Student energy for sure. You Said C student energy.


Yeah. I think the whole cb I think the whole crew holds that down Cd. Yeah. True. I was the smartest of my, my childhood crew. Everybody got left back senior year except me. All your boys got left back. All my boys were Super seniors. And You got hell back Senior year. I came back from prom two though. You came back from prom After I came Back for a second prom, I was like, I'm back Fell. Hell yeah. That's swag. Damn. That is nice. But yeah, they all, The whole squad got held back. Huh? Whole squad. Is this Reding Central Catholic or where'd you go? Reding Red High School. And it was, well, it was, I bet that's pretty fucking standard at Redding High School. That, Or you just give up and Yeah. Just don't even graduate. A lot of people get that senior year left back and just go, ah, I did my four years.


Yeah, true. I'm done. Same thing. Don't give a fuck what they said. I'm done. Everybody Did. I feel like the same grade again. Must be nice. Senior getting held back senior year is insane. It's Great. Fuck changes your whole life. I mean, that's super senioritis. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It does. Although it would be senior year if no one I know now, I would be a super senior. Senior year is fucking Succinct. I was just, I was just gonna be racist. What I just want you guys to know. Good on you. Good on you. I'm just, I caught myself. Good on you. Yeah. It's real. That's important. You acknowledge it. You go, it'd be funny. It's just say black people have senioritis. I'm not gonna do that. Or just, excuse me. Pardon me. Excuse me. I was just being racist. Am I?


They, they made that second year look like the most fun. I, for real felt was, But They were having fun. They Were having way better than fucking real life. Yeah. I was, I was, I went to community college after that. I went to Red and Area Community College, and it was just boring. And you went to rac? I Went to rac. I went to rac. And they were just having, I paid my dues at Hack At Hack. I was a hack hawk. I paid my dues. I did my semester at Hack. I'm still doing Hack. That was, that was actually kind of where I turned my life around as a, a student community college. Yeah. After I'd failed out at Elon. And You also, you'll feel like a superstar going to community college. If you go to college, I can go back. Oh shit, everybody here's done this. Fuck. And then it was like, All right, it's time to stop getting failing.


Yeah. I, I was at Drexel and I was like, I gotta go to Westchester. I gotta get my grades up to get into Westchester. True. Dude. I, I was at Drexel, like, school's so dumb. What's the point of this? And I went, I worked, I was with like the labor reunion with my, like, working for my dad. So I had to sign up to the laborers union to work for him. So like, the union didn't say anything. And I was like, college is so pointless. And I was like, chilling with like laborers. And I would talk to them and I'm like, I think college worked on me a little bit. Yeah. So they would read the paper and I'd be like, yeah, but like, who, you gotta think like, who wrote that paper? They all have an agenda. And they would just look at me and be like, dude, it's in the paper. Like, All right man. Fucking, this was before Donald Trump busted the fake news. People would read the paper and be like, well, that's what happened.


Yeah, That's that. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. I worked in that factory. I, I realized, yeah, it was time. Yeah. Well, did that. Yeah, definitely. College helps. There was a bunch of guys that were illiterate. Yeah. That was like, fully illiterate. They'd be like, I can't read that. What's like, It turns out grade school kinda helped me a little bit. Who? Those Dude. The dude. Some of the schools though are still fucking wild now. We went to this one school. We really wanted, I really wanted my daughter to go there. And dude, we had a meeting, like a VIIA, a parent interview or whatever, and they were like, well, we do a reenactment in the, I think third or fourth grade where we reenact the taking of the land from Mexico. We use a third graders to reenact this. And it was just like, and I'm sitting there the whole time.


I told Brittany going into it. I'm like, they're gonna probably say a bunch of dumb bullshit. Just, just go along with it. I, I just like this. Thank God we, we didn't get in, but we were, we were in the thing. And fucking, she was like, the lady was talking about people of color and Brittany's like, like, I didn't see any. And she's like, she mentioned Asians. And Brittany goes, it's not a people of color girl. Like held her leg under the table of shook off. Oh yes. Dude. It's so nice. It was Kind of a beast. It was beast. So Nice. It Was beast. The lady claimed it too. Black Wife card is so Nuts. It was so funny. Dude. I was dying. And the lady tried to claim it herself, bro. I mean, same as me, bro. And I'm like sitting there like, my God. It's crazy. They're gonna do the reenactment of America taking Mexico. Yeah. Dude.


What? What the fucking fourth graders, dude? Yeah. That's fucking nuts. It's also like, if you're gonna read like why that one? Why not? Like, that's kind of weird. Are they celebrating it? No. No, because then I could see, yeah. Fuck. Yeah. The almo ruled dude. What a bunch of fucking pussies. Well then It's like, why not go even further back in time? Why stop there? Yeah. Let's see how Mexico got that land. Yeah. How did they, how did They Spanish came and cut Everyone's fucking heads off. But that's 'cause they were cutting everybody's heads off already. Yeah. Yeah. They weren't like, It thought it was distasteful. It's like, don't do that with fucking third. Yeah. Mexico, they were not very chill.


Yeah. So yeah, it was just fake. You do a play of the Comanche. They What? You should do a play where the kids are the Comanche True. And they abduct white settlers and gang rape them and disempower them in front of their families. That'd Be pretty fun. That'd be Cool. Fake scalps. Yeah. That'd be nice. Holding up fake Little kids. They like a real Hollywood blood packets. That might be, I could see good that stepping up like kids productions. We're doing reservoir dogs. Yeah. We dodged a bullet. I was, I was happy that Brittany was yapping. 'cause that was looking back on it. I was like, that was such a sick move. Did y'all ever do any of those things when you were kids? Like kids plays? Nah, I, I held it down. I was like, plays are, I was part of the Tableau in the Christmas play.


What's the tableau? Tableau was for all the kids who sucked that weren't part of the real play. That just went up and did an nativity scene. Oh, that's fair. My job was to hold a banner behind them and go, just shook a banner to Pretty sick. I did stay Crew. I had to do, I went to capital school for a little bit and I had, we did Sister act And you guys did Sister Act? Did Sister Act. And I had to do the rapping part. You come in like joyful, joyful it. So, Oh man, you, I still kind of remember it, but lemme me hear it. I just remember the it joyful, Joyful Lord i a do. And in my life I put up before the, and I don't remember Rest. Oh, that's pretty good. That nice Kind with art. Yeah. I kind of, kind of Have felt good doing it.


Did you ever think about being a rapper? Obviously. Yeah. Obviously. Obviously. I Gave, So I had a feeling. So I had a feeling it at such a young age. You never did I ever think about it. Not one Day. I thought about it earlier today. I was like, what if I could Spit? True. It's like, you never know. It's like, what If I, you never know. I've never even tried. I what if maybe I could spit? We used to, in high school, we'd all get high and people would freestyle and stuff. It was sick. It's the Best. Yeah. It's pretty fun actually. It is. I knew, I, I knew it didn't have an in me. Yeah. My one friend would, my one friend would just do Eminem. Andd be like, that's an Eminem song and m song Be No Freestyle.


It's just an m&m song. Just came up with that right now. Two trailer park girls go around the outside. I dunno. Is that a song? I didn't know that. That's crazy. My boy did. He had, he played a smart movie. You guys must have all been rapping the whole time. Always. But my one boy, Yeah. Guys who got held back in senior year. I got a feeling they thought they had rap careers lined up. My Dante did. He used to. There was this rapper, Joey Jihad, a Philly dude. He was like underground. He was big, like, yeah, he was about to actually blow and like 50 was about to sign him. And then somebody just sucker punched him on the street. There was like a video of him just getting knocked out just in the middle of the street. Ruined his whole future. Really? Yeah. Georgia had was nice too, but not a lot of people knew him.


And we were in red. So, but he knew him. So he would just battle rap people for money. But he would just use Joey Jad raps for like a good year. It was, it was a nice little hustle. It was, I remember, I'll never forget, I was, I remember I was with this one dude, I was like just going to my house to like sell weed or whatever was a black guy. And my neighbors in West Philly. I actually like knew them. I like worked at the one guy and they were out in their car blasting, like someone they knew was like their family member's demo tape. They're like, come listen to this. Like the black guy I was with. And he leaned in the car and he was like, yeah, that shit's fucking trash. And then just walked into my house and I was like, what the fuck? I didn't know you could do That. Yeah. He's like, yo, that shit's fucking trash. And then just came in. I was like, dude, it's my fucking neighbors man. Why you doing that?


It's a funniest thing. And he just like, didn't even like, we came in and like, I would've like, if I had done that to someone, I'm like, did you see me do that? He just was like, anyway, so what are we, what is going on here? And I was like, did you just fucking do that to my neighbors? Yo, that's just fucking trash. That's, That's very nice. It was such a beast move


Fellas, you know, degree. Cool. Rush deodorant. Right. Well, last year they changed the formula and guys were mad about it. One dude even started a petition. So guess what Degree Hurt Us. Admitted they messed up and brought the original Cool Rush Cent back exactly how it was. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So grab some and remember why it's cool. Crisp and Fresh Scent made it the number one man's anti perman for the last decade degree. Cool. Rush is back and it smells like victory for all of us.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Did you ever get to do that to somebody with the demo tape? You go shit's trash. No, I never, I never had the heart. I always feel bad like, 'cause sometimes somebody's trying their best. Yeah, somebody's doing, even when they're not trying their best like that, that thing. But they used doing Times Square just hand you CDs. Yeah. I used to hate that shit, but it would be like, I can't be, I can't be rude to you. Yeah, I would take the CDs. Yeah, I would, I would take 'em. Just throw 'em away. Throw 'em throw. Yeah. Pay like two bucks for it. And you're like, oh, I pissed. I did that. Yeah. That's when they get you, you go, oh, Thanks. They give it to you And you like, thanks. You're like, you're not gonna gimme any money. It's like, I didn't ask for this. I don't want this. I'm helping you. You ever see I could get this to the right people?


You ever see the video of 50? He's like, just walking with some lady and some dude just like, just starts harassing him. Just like, listen to my Instagram. And he's just like, you're never going make it. That's like what He says to him. He was like, if this is how you're going about it, you are done. But it's like, oh man. Thought Great. Fifties, fifties beefing with like big meat right now, isn't he? Or Larry Hoop. He always be. He's someone Just like is, it's the best. One of those guys got outta jail and he's like calling the dude a rat. And he's like, he's a fucking rat. He's like beefing with, I, I, I can't think of the network. It's like, I wanna say Showtime or something, but it's, he's like suing somebody over in documentary. Oh yeah. He's just like, I want my money by Monday. He's probably my favorite Instagram. Yeah. Yeah. Used man.


Usually You turn on Ye Did I turn on? No, I mean, yeah. I mean I, I've been kind of like, I don't know man. It's hard to say anything about Ye because I love him so much, but he's gone so crazy. But then you see, like, I was watching the academic interview just like at the beginning of it, he seemed locked into, he was like, All right, we're gonna do this. It's gonna look like this. And He got even more locked in. And Then as Soon again he put the outfit on and was like, Just fucking outfit's. So funny. At least he's not really doing anything bad. He's just saying crazy shit. He's just, yeah. Yeah. Has he done anything bad? Other than, I mean, he's like, no, I don't think so right now. But he is also come out and he is like, I've beat women before I've done this.


The one, my cousin, the be thing that I will give him. I sucked my cousin's dick obviously suck. My cousin dick suck. My cousin's ween or, But the one thing that was, I, I will give him is when Iggy Azalea kind came out being like, Kanye used to say tell, he would take me aside and tell me he like jerks off my pictures and he retweeted it and just said true. Like, All right. That's kind of sick. Yeah. I wonder, I wonder if you like, I I feel like he's got another era of like a different thing in him. I think he's gonna drop this stuff. I kind of think So. I don't think this is gonna be the last thing, You know. No, we're definitely not gonna, this is There's no way he's going away. Yeah. No, he's just never going away. He's part of our lives. He's gonna be part of our lives. We're gonna be, I don't think he's gonna slow down on the tweets.


We're gonna get these daily updates every day for the next 30 years. You Think it's gonna get darker than I suck my cousin when I was young? I don't Think it can. Oh, that's about as, that's as dark as it. I don't think it can. Yeah, that's as low as it Goes. I wonder, I was like, is this some, I've said this before. Is this like a, is he on just another level of like performance art where it's like he's expanding just the boundaries of all this weird stuff of like KKK sucking your cousin's dick. Yeah. Gay inces. He hit a gay, a little black Lotus. He did it. He hit the true black Lotus. You think he was just loved so much? He was like, he just wants to feel hated. Well, nah.


After the Taylor, I guess Taylor Swift stuff, he was hated a little bit. Yeah, He is. Been in o for a while. Felt, Yeah. Yeah. I, dude, I don't know. I don't, I I can't even wrap my head around like, why you would do that or what. But I, again, we could just be He's fucking nuts, man. Like, Yeah. Yeah. He could be having a's fucking nuts some type of mental break. But dude, if, if I was, or he could just be the man who knows. We'll, never knows. One or the other time will tell, dude, you gotta talk. You gotta give him a hundred years. See what's up. He could go into like a Luke Skywalker phase. If he goes on a misty mountain and goes dark for a while. I mean, that's kind of what he should have done like five years ago. You know, he should just go Misty Mountain, but just tweet every day about how he's on the Misty Mountain in exile.


He never, when he tweeted that he wasn't a Nazi no more, that did, that lasted for a day, right? He was, And then he was like, nah, I'm Beck. Oh Wait, did He do that? But then he just, just went back. Yeah. Yeah. He, yeah. It is interesting. Like, what the fuck 10 Jonah De was just like, the fuck, bro, we talked about this. Yeah. I mean, he, I mean, I don't want, I don't wanna, coulda would've, should've, but he could've just fell back and just been the greatest producer. Loved around the world. Yeah. But he's a billion, isn't he? Is he, is he a billionaire? That's the one thing I can't wrap my head around. I'm like, you're a billionaire. They said he was, then he somehow lost. Yeah. But then he said he is again. Now What? He's like, I'm back. He's like, I'm a billionaire again.


Kind of awesome. So he is a billionaire. Wow. Sick Is crazy. Who wanted to have, Man, have you seen Zuckerberg? Kanye seems normal for a billionaire. God damn. What was that? Why is he dressing like that? You Know, I like the outfit. Clee White T Gold chain. If you're a billionaire, you shouldn't be wearing a gold chain. Yeah, but it wasn't a gaudy gold chain. It was little. He used to be such a humble artist. Yeah. He's doing jujitsu and shit Now. I'm telling you. Like those, I think it, that's like brand. You, you get guys that like manage your brand for you. Yeah. So that's like a full stylist pr brand management, like your total self reinvention.


He should let Kanye be His stylist. He should have, he should have worn the fucking black KKK uniform. That would've been awesome. Yeah. I mean, it is, it is. It, it does suck to have Zuckerberg's gotta be what, like a couple hundred billion or a hundred billion maybe? Yeah, One 85 billion. $85 billion. Have one 85 billion. And then be like, I have to be able to figure out. Cool. It's like I've cracked, there's Gotta be an algorithm. There's gotta be it. It's an algorithm, bro. It's be a cool Algorithm. It's an a go. And he's kind of hitting the He is, he's like, I'm dressed like a black guy. It's like, bro, I figured that out in Seventh Grade. Yeah, I figured that out in seventh grade.


And then in eighth grade you go, it's not cool when I do it. True. Yeah. You kind of do figure that out. Then an Older brother goes, you look like a fucking idiot. Yeah. All right. Me, Me and my cousin and my bro, Phil would just get crushed. We'd go show up at family parties and everyone would be like, what the fuck? My cousin Pat had a Wu-Tang charm. So tight. Dude goes hard. So I see. I just had the Jesus piece. So You know what Jesus piece in seventh grade? It was, it was, it was small. Or maybe I just did a, did I have the JII, we all had charms at one point. I'm pretty charms. Char. That was a big one. You, you would go to. Yeah, you would go to fucking sterling silver or wherever in the mall And you would cop, we would cop our silver chain.


I was three small loops, one long loop. My cousin was Cuban lynx. Cuban. Lynx is Cuban. Lynx is sick. Cuban lynxs with the Wu-Tang charm was nasty. I gotta remember what my charm was. I'm pretty sure it was just a cross. If I know myself, dang. Had the JP and my bro got Got like SpongeBob holding a pistol. I should have, I had a, had a Gay one. You, I just remembered it now. It was a little dragon. A like you Cisco in like sixth grade. You went with Cisco. I didn't know it was Cisco. I just thought it was a cool little dragon. And then I got to school and they were like, you got the Cisco Cisco chain. And I couldn't stop wearing it. Damn. The Cisco chain sucked.


And that was, that was thong song that was like, right? That was, yeah. Yeah. You went under the dragon. You drew Hill. That Blows. Dude, I forgot. I forgot. I never got a chain. Never had the chain. I, I couldn't. I never did it. Oh Dude. I was, my friend got caught stealing one from the mall. It was the funniest fucking thing I've ever seen. He switched his, took a bigger one. It was like, it was in like seventh grade. There was those silver chains that were like $132. Might as well have been a ru like a six inch ruby. Yeah. That's crazy. I was like, dude, you're fucking going for it. And he put it on, walked out. As soon as we stepped out, a guy came out and went on his shoulder. Me and my cousin were just like, later I would've cried immediately. Oh Dude. He was, he had to sit in the mall security booth until his dad came into the mall to pick him Up.


Oh. Did he have to do sexual favors to get out? He probably tried. You Would see that porn. I've seen that. Yeah. I would've done anything to get outta it. I Would've done anything to get outta that. I would've Been full casting couch. I Would've cast it out. I would've got onto the mall security. I would've been in doggy. I would've Initiated let's, yeah. I would've got on the table and just get it over with dude. True. I would've passy little power bottom. Kenny caught stealing at the mall. Would've been the apocalypse. Yeah. I would've got in so much fucking trouble. Lamese. You never had a chain? No, I never really had chains. Left chain Man. Damn. You could have guard dog. You get that like Italian horn or whatever that thing is. Nah, I was a crucifix guy for a little while.


But as a youth, I was like a shark tooth puca shell kid. Whoa. I had As I alligator tooth too. I had an alligator. You an alligator tooth man. Maybe lemairelee was right. Maybe you are an outdoor white. That's true. You were in a tough area for white kids to act black like north jersey. Yeah, but I still Could be like sopranos. I managed to do it, but I was like, I went more Rasta when I was coming into my form. Formative years. Yeah. I could see you hitting the Rasta face. I had the pooka shells at the beach. I'd hit the boardwalk. Trying to get numbers is so Sick though. Pooka shells sunburnt beyond recognition. Yeah. The pooky shells were sick. I never got the pookies.


I was jealous. I The pooks, bro. I never got the pookies, but I was dark. I was purple. I was sick every night. Every night at the beach. I was so, So I was like, Yeah. I, I, you would just, we would get the, we would try to go get numbers from the babes of the beach that would fall apart then we would just do horrendous. Horrible. Yeah. Pranks. The poop dollar was the worst. Poop dollar was diabolical. I will say. Sticking the dollar up between the boardwalk cracks people to grab it and pulling it down. Nothing better. Yeah. That's great. So funny. Wait it be a poop doll? No. Well, you, you leave the poop dollar, you want them to pick that up And you go, sweet. And they go, that's fun. But you can also put, you can also put a dollar between the cracks of the boardwalk.


Technically the promenade, I guess you can stick it through. And people were like, fuck it. They go to, they put their foot down on it and then they lift it up in his car and they're, it's so funny. There's bunch of 12 year olds laughing at you from under the foot. But you, you have every, you know, you take turns cause you wanna watch. 'cause boardwalk guy you couldn't see underneath. So you get to watch your boy do it. And you, it was the funniest shit. Shit. Damn. So funny. Yeah. That's nice. My favorite memories of the beach was just once we started drinking. Yeah. Just getting some fucking bummed to buy you and your boys 30 case of fucking Natty Light. That's the best. It was the best. Those are the best nights of my life. Yeah, dude, for real. I, I literally, I'll second that.


That's like my, usually that's why I love the beach so much. Yeah. My aunts and uncles would just go get after it all day. They'd be done by nine o'clock. They're just, Yeah. Just destroyed. They'd be in a room and we would just have a cooler that had beer sitting in it from noon at like 8:00 PM and we would just devastate the, and they'd all wake up and be like, you were you guys drinking beer last night? Like, nah. Well you guys, were you fucking drunk? Drunk? They were, they would try to do like the math and there were like, there's no way. The one time we got caught, because we were like hiding the beer cans under our bed for some reason. And they, my aunt just like set them out and just wrote a note that said, who drank me? We just saw her. My sister did not take the fall from me and my bro one time.


What? I tried, me and my bro drank like a, a lot of beers. Yeah. And then my parents were like, what the fuck is this? And we were like, yeah, Sarah came down here and got fucking shitfaced. And it's like, yeah, Sarah just sat here and drank like 25 beers. And my mom was like, what the fuck Sarah? And she was like, it was, them was Like, fucking whatcha telling me? He they run to the bus scream, cry, run away. Yeah. We used, I used to get so fucked up at the be it was so fun. That was like, honestly one of my fondest memories of like, when you're drinking beer and you're like, you're, you've been inside the house And you step out and it's like you smell that salt air and you're like, kind of Hammered, man, you get me going, Bro. It was the best. Still is. Yeah.


True. Nothing beats It. But as dude as like a fucking 14, 15-year-old It is truly. Yeah. Back from getting drunk was No hangover. So sick. Zero hangover. Yeah. And you just go out and it'd be two in the morning. The bars will let out and we would just walk past like drunk adults and be like, pussy, fuck you. Not, it's the worst thing that could happen to you walking out of a bar. Yeah. Just kids going pussy. Yeah. Oh. And I can't do Nothing. I just, I was like blazing weed out of a corn cob pipe just to be like, fucking bitch. Did you guys get any nice reding beach trips? No. No. I was, you guys were talking about getting I the Redding squad never got to the beach. Huh? We just would drink Hurricanes at the park at 3:00 AM It was, That's probably fun. It was actually the best.


Yeah. I had a hurricane phased dude. Three for five hurricanes was an unbeatable deal. You Could beat It. I would go, I would, I had a guitar case. I would keep outside. I'd walk from the bar back to my dorms. They would just sell in West Philly. They would sell hurricanes to anybody. Yeah. And I mean, whatever else, probably too. And then like, I would come back, load up a guitar case with as many hurricanes as I could fit and just walk into my dorm like so tight. I can never drink the third hurricane. I had people, I knew people I could drink all three. And I was like, dude, I got two. And I got that half of that third one done. I was just like, I'm at capacity. We were kind of doing pu we were pussy shit. It was just, everybody had one.


Everybody had one, one. And a blunt. Not bad. The night It was four Locals were a bad time. Four locals. I kind of missed four lo I didn't, I didn't really get hit by the four locals. I Got hit. Yeah. Yeah. That took that, that was, that was a bad time for the bros. Yeah. I got Sparks Loco run was crazy. I had sparks. Sparks were sick. Yeah. Sparks were nice. But I never got the four Locos. I had Nelly. I had, was it juiced? Nelly threw his hat juice. Yeah. Nelly threw his hat in the ring of energy drink alcohol. And I think it was J-O-O-S-E drank some juice one night blacked out. I was down in like North Carolina somewhere completely blacked out. It was bad. I have a, this is, I hope this isn't a, what doesn't give, I just have a four local me.


Like it's not even a memory. I blacked out, but it was on my phone. I, my girl was staying with me. My parents were away. And I went out drinking with my boys and had four locals and came home, I guess trying to get some pussy, but also trying to film it. And I just have a, I just had it, she was telling me I was being annoying trying to fuck her last night. And I had this, I just had a video Oh no. On my phone of me being me being like, come on, let's film it. She's like, no, we're not doing anything. And it's just the phone going down like, All right, just, That's your sex tape. You gotta loose the tape. Some bright light in her face and then just, oh no. S a sleepy girlfriend going, no, we're not doing anything. All right.


Fuck. Dang, bro. You were unc before you even knew you. I really been. So I chase's gone. You might be the new unc. I would would be The new unc. Yeah. A hundred millions of yours. Dude. The root turned on Unc big time. Yeah. Really? Wrote a vicious article about, and it was like, mean, it was like, not even about his case. They were like, let's all talk about whatever's thinking he's just dumb. It was like, damn. He was mean. Like, he's like, let's all face it. He's just a fucking dumb ass. It was like, Fuck. I know. That wasn't a honky that wrote that one. I don't think so. It better not be, it better not be, man. I don't think the root would've allowed to honky to fucking Nah. No. Rip it like that. No, I mean, it it, it was, it was funny though, like, yeah, dude, he's a fucking, What a honky Rip it like that.


I'm just gonna say it. This guy's dumb as hell. Fucking tired of it. Yeah. They were like, they were just saying like, he should have signed NDAs. Like why does he not have control of his sex tape? They're bringing up fair points, honestly. They're like, dude, he just got busted for this. What the fuck? But also, he's probably got crazy sex. A ton of them. Yeah. There are dudes. There's a strain of dudes that has to film. Yeah. Every encounter. I, That was me when I was a kid. I'm not Gonna lie. Oh, coffee. Yeah. We ordered Coffee, which is kind of crazy when you think about it. As an adult, I got like a camera for MySpace days. And yeah. I was a big, I mean, they always knew. It was never like, yeah, You're a, you're a Yeah.


I've been Fuck You're a devil dude. Yeah, I was a I got you bro. I got, come on me. You can get in there. What your leg bud? I think that was just a smash. What was wrong with his leg? What was that? Lae? Why were you lifting your leg like that? I, I wish she was untied. Your shoes untied. My shoes Untied. And I was gonna tie, but they just ran out other way. Yeah, of course.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp these days. You have to be smart with your money. If you're gonna make a big purchase, you gotta make it count. What's something, what's something you bought? Dude, I re I just invested in two bug tanks. I got two bug tanks from National Geographic. So they got a little magnifying glass on 'em. I got not one, but two. What type of bugs are you gonna put in There? Right now we've only gotten some rolly pollies, so you can throw 'em in there, create their natural habitat, And you can kind of like, I'd like to see what rolly pollies are up to, Bro. I got, I had, I catch, I catch like, me and my daughter catch like four rolly pollies a day and put 'em in my garden. It's really nice. It's Awesome. I have so many rolly pollies, so yeah, I got the bug tank's. Nice man. 'cause otherwise you gotta to carry them in your, have you ever tried to carry a rolly polo in your hand for like Yeah. They fucking, they get, they're, they're escape artists, so Yeah. I got some bug tanks, Man. It's been, you know, 30 years. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Telling since I've tried. But It's just as hard. They escape. So I bought a bug light. You got a bug light. I Got a bug zapper out there. That's, you know, kind of the opposite of what you're doing. But hey, just as fun. You're Battling. You sit by the, you sit in the hot tub and all of a sudden, God damn that guy, you get some of these big bugs out here. So big. My Dad's big home bug. And they die. They go, you hear 'em hit the fucking bug light and they go, Jesus, Fuck God damn. Another great investment. Taking care of yourself. You know, you're talking about these bugs. I didn't even think about that. Matt, why don't you think about yourself? Traditional therapy can get crazy expensive though. Like between a hundred to $250 a month more or something like that. Therapy is worth it though. And you do have options like BetterHelp, the help with the better on it. It could help you save up to 50% per session while getting you the help you need. I've had a lot of sessions where I think about myself Yeah. And take care of myself. I like therapy because I've benefited from therapy. Yeah. I think it's nice. I think it's a nice thing to do. Everyone could learn something from therapy. Yeah. You could just learn how. 'cause it teaches you positive coping skills, like How dumb your family is And set boundaries. How you doomed. Yeah. Basically you get on a Zoom call And you talk about how dumb your family is. Hate to break it to your family are idiots and you're doomed with BetterHelp. You can work toward being the best version of yourself while saving money. And because everything is online, it's easier to get into a session with your schedule. I love getting online sessions. Love that. With just a few clicks, you can be talking to one of their therapists. You can even switch therapists at any time for any reason. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash mssp to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/mssp. And Also, you can't use the tokens for those either. No tokens. I tried The tokens. Can I use tokens for The You're stuck with those. You made a mistake, you bought some tokens, But you can talk to BetterHelp, the help with the beta on it about that. The BetterHelp, the help with the beta on it.


Hey, Get in front of the camera. You know the rules. Yeah. Getting, getting in front of the camera. Hey everybody, it's Lair. May 9th and May 10th. I'm gonna be a coastal creative in Florida. You guys gotta come to that, please. And then also Optimum, Where's Coastal Creative in Florida? St. St. Pete, Florida. St. Petersburg, Florida, I think. Yes. Yeah. Al be a hoot. And then Optimum knocks at the creek and the cave. May 6th. We have a great lineup. Oh, who's on it? Nate Marshall. Okay. Good job. I, if you're in Philadelphia on May 6th instead of Austin, Texas, please come to my show at Helium Philadelphia on May 6th, please. Thank You.


May 31st. Go to Far Des Moines, Iowa. May 31st. I'll be at the Wells Fargo Arena in Des Moines, Iowa. Go to that May 31st. Iowa This weekend, this very weekend. Cobbs Comedy Club, San Francisco, California. Five one to five three Crest Theater, Sacramento, California, Neptune Theater, Seattle, Washington and the Hollywood improv. Neptune's awesome. Neptune should be sick. You Got some really good shows. I know. I'm final leg for the taping. Those are all great venues. I'm, I'm pumped man. And also I'll be doing a live taping at the Ontario California improv coming up. I didn't list it yet, but That'll be, it's gonna be great.


I can't wait. I'm excited to see your new hour on tape. Thank You. I can't wait. It's a really good hour. Thank You bro. And I like it. Appreciate You, bro. Goodbye everybody. Bye. Oh, bro, we're flying. Macchiatos Hitting. Yeah. Dang. I'm a big espresso guy now. Yeah. Sabrina. Shots of, What'd you say? Sabrina Carpenter. Who's Sabrina Carpenter? It's just Me. Espresso Dude. I, you know what I've been thinking about, you see the whole thing now about, I I, I think it's kind of already out the news cycle, but white rappers getting crushed for going country. Getting What? Getting crushed for like people who were white rappers that now are doing country Oh, Like posts? Yeah. Well there's a couple others. Not just him. Well, it's like there's machine gun Kelly, not country specifically, but him going to punk music, blah, blah, blah.


They tried to get Post, they were saying stuff about postal. They always try to trash post. But It's also like pose Beyonce's country Fucking man. Poses the man. Yeah. He's fucking beast. Beyonce's doing country. Yeah, but that's fine. Which is fine. I don't care. But it's like, why you, why are you attacking my fucking, but People invented country. True. She can that Country. Fair enough. Facts. X facts. Definitely. She coming, She coming. She's coming. They invented the cowboy hat too. And being a cowboy. And they invented all it. I think. I think nobody should care about any of it. Yeah, Man. Hey, agree. That's what I'm Saying, man. Wait, is that the point everybody's been trying to Make? Yeah, that's definitely, it's god dang Music. It's god dang music. Yeah, man. It's also like, dude, I'm all about the bag. Dude. They're Getting a bag. They trying to get Harlow for that. See? But for what, what'd he do?


Harlow Sang a song at the, in in like with an orchestra or something like that. Yeah. And it He's still rapping. Yeah, but it's fully rapping. He's not even changing genres. He's still rapping. He just did it at an event. Somebody filmed it and they were like, hate to see white people use our culture to advance themselves and then abandon us. It's like, My thing is like, okay, what about the bag? Dude? It's The bag. You gotta respect somebody getting the bag. Get the bag. That's what I'm saying. I'm all the bag. That was dude, Jim Jones had the best take on the whole whatchamacallit. Drake suing UMG. Yeah. They're like, the only thing it's bad for hip hop. And Jim Jones was on someone's podcast and he was like, bro, he's getting the bag.


I was like, yeah, I'm, I'm kind of with that Kevin. I so hit me with that. 'cause I, I've always complained about tweets and Yeah. Opinions. He's like, you're on black Twitter. He's like, he he also loves that I'm on black Twitter. He's very funny. I'm on black Twitter know. And it works. You might have wrote that article. The Root Maybe I did. But it works. Get you fired up. No, it works. And then I realized, you know, it's not the, it's not a unique thought. We've talked about it before, but everybody's algorithm. Like, it's like if I was a black person, it's all white Twitter. I'd be like, God damn, these honkeys are fucking racist, bro. I'm on, I'm on white Twitter, bro. That's it. I think I got white Twitter 'cause of like everybody I know.


Yeah. And that's what it'll do to you. It'll be like, Oh yeah, this, It'll just show you the worst things. I think my algorithm doesn't know though. It shows me black, like this shit that it would show white people to get y'all fired up. But it also shows me the shit that gets us fired up So I can kind of exist. Oh no, you're just nice middle ground. I got both. I get both. It's that kind of keeps you sane. I think I get it helps. My ex is for real. Like I open it and it's like holy fuck. Yeah. It's like, can we all agree that they're just not good? And I'm like, you know, Like, Yeah, Yo, Fine. I'll say it. They they do it. It's all those guys. Like, I'm just gonna say this. Nobody's said it in the last five seconds. I'll Say it.


It's gotta be a business model thing. It's just a business model thing though. It is. It's like, yeah, You get it's the algorithm. Yeah. It's designed up. Make you angry. It's fucking wild Man. Adam Curtis hit that fucked me up. Yeah. And Dad, He's gotta get, we gotta get a new Adam Curtis doc. We do, man. It's been a while. I keep looking for him. Well That shit about how they, they claim that they can literally watch your like micro expressions as you read stuff and they'll go Yep. And they'll keep feeding you shit like that. You watch me go. Just, Is that what they say to the things watching your, like your camera is watching you. I, I read a thing years ago and they said they were watching your face through your camera and engaging like your how long you're staying on a thing, all that stuff. Got it.


And if you've got the wearables, they can literally track your biometrics and be like, it's working on it. Yeah. It's Not working on me. Dude. Why do they keep sending it to me? I The fuck do they keep sending me these? I'm Just clutching my pearls and going. Yeah. True. Every time I see the hot laser, I get the fuck off my page And they know. Yeah, they notice too. 'cause it goes, it's like Scroll. Yep. Stack up for a second down. Oh, down, back up. I hate how Well it knows exactly the kind of lady you want to see too. It's not just, it's like generic hot lady. It's like he likes hot ladies. Like I could've got your algorithm without ever even knowing you. It's just ladies about to be Fake. I can't see you though talk. It's my pole out TikTok And I can't Stop it.


I wonder if I could have got me's. Yeah, me's is just like a lady going. Yeah. Hot, hot Asian. Yeah. Oh Wait. Like for babe of a week or Your Algo? No, I mean algo just guessing A guy's what his Yeah. Lady. This lady's a cosplay hot algorithm is yours is cosplay. Yeah. Yeah. It's a white lady's pretend to be Japanese. Yeah. So a black lady dressed as a anime character kind of Did it for, I wouldn't have guessed yours. Just so you know, I never, I would've not got yours. I wrote, I I cast a wide net. Yeah. I I rule of thumb, I feel like if you're with, I feel like if you're with a babe and she gets, she can gain weight, but the free has to increase with the weight.


So the bigger they get, the bigger of a freak they have to become. That's my rule of thumb. That's totally fair. You can get as big as you want, but like, But you gotta, you talking About you gotta become, you're talking about pig wife. Yes. Yeah. The bigger you get a true pig wife. Exactly. Yes. For every pound, every 10, let's say every 10 pounds gotta be a new thing. You unlock that. You do. Pig wife sounds kind of nice. True Pig wife. I'm not gonna, who would deny it? A pretty pig wife. Like a BBW. It does matter. Whatever You get, Bro. Whatever you Get. There were guys. Yeah, there were some pig moms. Yeah. That you would see growing up And you would go, God damn, that guy's got pig mom. I bet she's a Gotta dial up the freak a pig wife. I'm not trying to be a dick. That is just my rule of thumb.


People can do whatever they want. You are free to gain as much as you please. Every 10, 20 pounds. They're better. It'd be like a, like an RPG. You gotta unlock a new thing. Hell yeah. Every just like, well, yeah, you Better get to the gym. Otherwise something real bad happens. Something I don't even want to do happens. I'm doing it for us. But that would be, I mean imagine that for every 20 lbs, it's just like a new act where you're like, whoa, Damn. I'd be a freak. How Freak bitch, I gotta get to the gym right now. I'm a freak bull Freak bull. True man.


You just be at the, at one point and be like, I just gotta hit a Diddy party. Brian, I have not been going to the gym. I just gotta go deep now. I'd be willing to see what my, there's gotta be like a, like, you know how like the X and y axis? Yeah. I wonder what like where my, where you would tap out at As far as the size, the size of the Pig one, when weight goes up, the X, you go further out the X-axis. I mean, you might get to the point where you got like a lady, you got to, you know, put in a flatbread flap. I mean, it might get to the point where you gotta take out a wall to get her out of the house. True. If you have a giant blob pig wife. Yeah. And you can just, anything you want, you go in there.


Yeah. That's, you are my The crane. The crane comes in, you're just like, no, they rip your ceiling off. And you go, no, No, you, you can't take my blob. Hold on, let me get her back in this rabbit hutch. Oh, blo wife. Pure blob. Pure job of the hu job. Semi job of the slut dude. Job of the slut. You'd be in a metal bikini standing next to her going, fuck. She just kept eating. Now I'm a fucking freak. You'd be, you'd be like hot solo on the edge of that fucking ring. You get sucked into the ring. Like No, you get a blob wife. There are dudes obviously with blob wives. Yeah. Oh for sure. I love the, the thousand pound sisters or whatever.


That shit is so tough. TLC keeps trotting out. Blobs So tight. It's so sick. It would be, I mean again, it's like you just have to use your imagination. But you could probably go pretty, it'd be pretty Wild. You could fuck every part of her. Yeah. Like you'd fuck her arm. Yeah. And then you would start with you. You, I've talked about feeders and gainers. You know what feeders and gainers are? Nate? No. A feeder and a gainer. It's a Feeder and gainer. Feeders And gainers. It's a fetish. I, I like talked about this to someone recently. Like assuming he knew what I was talking about. He's like, what the fuck, what dude? Like a bit of a feeder, aren't you? So a feeder is when you, so the take, so if you're a gainer, you're just someone who's you're, You're blob significant. Others. Yeah. You're just gonna feed them. Your fetish is getting people fat. Yeah. And their fetish is becoming your little fat blob.


And you can just get into that whole thing where it's like you want to like, yeah, eat up babe. I wish I Could dabble in different types. I see. Little turn over there. Leese. Are you sleepy? Yeah, I'm a little sleepy. He's groggy bro. Why are you so groggy? Turned up? I was, yeah, I was having a hoo Last night. Oh, the live show was last night. Yeah. So you were with the Babes? Yeah, I was with every, I was with the bros and the Babes. P-I-A-P-I-T-M. Babe Crew. Yeah. Had a long one. You know, yo tie it on. You got, what do you think about getting a, something of a mascot for PITM? Maybe a blob. You guys could get a Blob, a pig blob. I would love to have a fat lady just hang around the pod. Chime in with her opinions.


Yeah. Man, I think it has to be fair. Abraham honestly Has to, But you got a blob. Is she willing to gain for you guys For the right price? I bet she would gain, I think it Said the funniest thing of the pod, but die Actually, she said, she said I was playing Bitcoin and I think about it like Every day. What Do you mean? Yeah, what does that mean? She's Talking About buying and selling Oh, Bitcoin. She thought she said I Was playing Bitcoin. What's, I don't understand. Like she's saying, like it was just, that's how she referred, I think What the joke is that she has such a lack of understanding Bitcoin is that she thinks it's a online game. She was Like, I, I was playing like it's Minecraft or something.


That's what I thought. But I wanted to make sure. So made laugh every day since. Did you guys confront her on the poop video? No. People are pretty upset about it. I didn't, yeah, I didn't get to that part. Can't bring up the poop. VIIA. Not even a con confrontation. It's like an exploration. Just go. We, We were, we were beating around the Poop bush. I heard you beating around the bush a little. Yeah. How did you beat around the Bush? I heard cake farts get brought up. What They Were bringing up, like, have you ever done cake farts? That's so, it is funny when you get someone on, you're like, I'm bringing it up. And the whole time you're like, We, we only stood, stood 10 toes. I think one time it was, Is it not important, important Thing? No, she was, 'cause she was trying to say she doesn't, we are big on if you charge for your OnlyFans, but don't show tits.


Yeah. Not okay. And she was, you know, talking about she doesn't show tits on her main thing. And we didn't, we didn't let it slide. I was pretty proud of that because What's, what's the beyond the main thing? Like your main, it's pretty tough of You for three men in a room to confront, You Know how a woman was. That's pretty awesome. You guys did that. It wasn't Sounded, she laughed. So it's like, and there's another level you, you can unlock for that. For what? For tits. You said the main thing? Yeah. She was saying hers was like giving all this free plugs. She was saying hers was free and she charges for extra stuff, which is fine. I think that's fine if, but if you charge at all as The gatekeepers, You know what?


I like it. Somebody's gotta keep the law around there. See some titties. Wouldn't this be a great gift? We were saying this on the pod. Wouldn't this be a great gift if your lady just was like, I put a hundred dollars on your OnlyFans account. Have a blast. No, no, No. I'm not in a poly relationship. That's Not poly. You think porn is Poly circling the drain? That's, well, I think It's keeping you locked in to non, to not stepping out. That's pretty, you think it is? I think it's Freak. It's slightly freak shit. I think I'd be very happy if my lady Now, if my blob were to approach it like that. But You freak. Yeah. How much does my wife weigh at this point? If she's a blob, then by all means, yes.


I, I would love to dabble in multiple types of like, love, like, like blob love. Whats gudd going on? Love. Oh, just like pure exhibitionism. Yeah, pure exhibitionism. I'm s like super like What about if you, what about if you exhibit the blob? Wait, What if what Exhibit? The blob. Like I would Be the Blo charge charge people to come out. You know What I'm saying? No, I'm saying Be rich. View the blob. Just get a Pr. Get a PR company just to take pictures of your scantily clad blb and publish. You would probably make a a hundred thousand dollars a year. Just have the fattest lady or the OnlyFans. Yeah. People are going to For sure. You're gonna Get Yeah. You know, A hundred thousand was shooting low. Yeah. Now we're talking. Now we're talking pimping.


Yeah, now we're talking. We're pimping the blob. You Get that fucking Pimping. The blo, you're gonna get that dragon chain back out. You can be back the dragon chain. You can be pimping a blob. We, once we start pimping the blob, But you all hit piercing pagoda and get like the $132 silver chain. That'd be So Sick. We could get our hands on a blob around here. They're out there. You can Get one. We can find a Blob pretty soon. You gotta get a dumbo drop though, bro. I don't feel like growing my blob. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I, I don't have the patience to grow my Blob. I think we have the patience or I mean that. Yeah, we should, we could airdrop a blob in here. Have a blob dropped off by Girl.


We get the blob out in the lame room. True. Yeah. And that's got a good glass. We could charge people to go look at it. You, But then you need the ranch hand back. You need the ranch hand. The Ranch hand would be tending to the blob. But I know what you would do. You little devil. True. You would take, I'd catch you snacking on the, the Blob. This whole, this whole operation would fall apart. It'd be nothing but infighting. Be like, dude, I saw you with the blob. What the fuck? Dude. Lot of in fighting people would be sneaking out to the blob man. Lot of the trips to the blob. I guy hit me up recently. He was like, you can buy apparently gorilla food. And it's like the same macros for people, but it's like $2 a day.


So, Oh, you mean for the blob? No, no. I'm saying I, I would never feed, I would feed the blob. The blob is fucking queen dude. Yeah, that'd be Uber Eats feed the blob gorilla food. It'd be fucked if you fell hard times. You'd have no other choice than to feed our, we'd have to feed. Gotta keep satiated. Yeah, You can buy apparently like primate food. And it's like the same macros and it's like human grade. It's like $3. Some guy was like, you think I should do this? I was like, I don't know, dude. Yes. I was like, if you want, he's like, it's so cheap. This is true. It'd be pretty fucking sick. Just crushing griller feed. It's probably terrible. Oh, it's gotta be so bad. And they're, Yeah, But you, There's not even any good tasty trees in there. They're vegetarian. Yeah. You might as well do the McDonald's omnivore boys.


Did you ever see those guys who like Herre? Yeah. True. Omni. Never. No, they're Aren't they on? No, they, they're, No, I think gorillas are herbivores. Yeah. What the fuck? Those macros must be fucked. I think with animals though, you toss fucking anything in there. Yeah, True. Beef 'em up. Yeah. I'd be nice to, yeah, you could all, They feed champions to champions. Has anyone, has anyone put a gorilla on steroids before? Shit, that would be sick. That's, we need another pool house for our juiced up Gorilla. Juiced up fucking silverback gorilla. And Then now we'll get in the darker corners of the internet, which comes to shove. Now we take only fans by storm. Brother, I'm, I'm right there with you.


Somebody forgets to lock the, You know, he, he'd teach his sign language. He is just going, take me to the blob. Take me to the blob. He would need the blob. It'd be like Pete the dolphin. It would, the bob would fly away. He would kill himself One day. They would come take your blob once a lady, 600 Pounds. The government would find out once A lady, 600 pounds, the government comes and she just goes the claw. It comes down. Did you ever see Toy Story? Yeah. That's Bob. It would be, If the government got wind that we would collecting blobs. It would be, it'd be like Waco. They'd drive a tank through the fucking wall. It's easy. They come for our blobs.


They'd be a big machine, like a pizza planet that We would've to start arming ourselves. We'd have to defend the blob at all costs. But you Would have for sure have to Because you know the government can't stand. No, we need some grazing land too. Just get like little AstroTurf. Just lay little Debbies out. I mean, yeah, once we start, once, once we make money off the first blob, I think we get a couple bottom. That'd be our bottom blob. Yeah. It's a bottom blob. A bottom Blob. You get a bottom blob. Get all the other blobs and shit. We gotta just take the first blob. Flip that, and then three, four blobs.


So fixer uppers. This blobs a little old. She's good. Yeah. Blobs do. They don't last long. No. Unfortunately our sweet blos would depart this realm quickly. True. You truck 'em out, you get 'em. It is what it iss rough. Take 'em away. Do surgery. Fix the Bobs. Clone 'em. Clone the blos. You gotta be careful, dude. You get black YouTubers like that. Blobs a clone. The last thing we would want though is black YouTubers finding out that we have a blob Too. It'd be Swarm in the house. I'd be the bug light.


That'd be the bug light for black YouTube.


This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility. From fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world. Find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


Location. The lab. Quentin only has 24 hours to sell his car. Is that even possible? He goes to carvana.com. What is this? A movie trailer? He ignores the doubters, enters his license plate. Wow. That's a great offer. The car is sold, but will Carvana pick it up in time for it? They'll literally pick it up tomorrow morning. Done with the dramatics Car selling in record time. Save your time. Go to carvana.com and sell your car today. Pick up. These may apply.


It turns, it turns out your pool house is just like an ancient fucking pyramid thing. Like, we need to investigate this. His secrets for the pyramids. Damn. Just a energy vortex. You'd hear them coming too. You hear fed. You Gotta try to get our blo again. Down, down. This is not, you just hear that drill like, mom f man, it's not a drill. You see the episode two Last of us when they get through the fence? No, they're Going to breach. It's just one big guy. No, we'd have to definitely secure that fence.


Get some dogs, some spotlights. They just all have miniature fucking pitches. Ames, would you help defend the blob or would you side with your black YouTube cohort cohorts. Would you be in cahoots with the black YouTubers just for a taste of the blob yourself? No. You don't run a train on the blob with the fells. I'd defend a blob. No, I wouldn't. You'd defend the blob? Yeah. Damn. I know you trains are gross. Trains are gross. You're exactly right. True. Unless it's a blob, it's kind of, He'd be a railroad bull. He'd be real Far apart. He'd be a hardheaded railroad bull dude. Yeah, he'd be down there. What the hell? You know. Alright. Breaking up the stone.


Alright, that's good stuff. We can stop talking Bob talk. No, Bob talk's Good. I think it's a good rule of thumb. That's all I'm saying. And then if you can take it anywhere you want, if you're business minded, obviously like we are. Yeah. Take it anywhere you want. Yes. Remember the video I sent you? This this lady just, she just had g like, yeah, dude. I, I found this video online and it's a lady with, I mean, dude beyond Fs the most giant boobs. Yeah. Yeah. And she, it just, her husband tapes her going down a water slide in one of those little things like the raft and like, it's just every turn, they're just, and it has like a million views. And he wrote a disclaimer being like, guys, this is a family video.


My wife, please don't poke fun at the way she's built. It's like, dude, you Knew you were doing Yeah. You know what you were doing. You knew what you were doing. They statues of her in India. Those guys got a hold of fucking those videos. Bob. Holy shit. That is the bob. That is, that's The shiva. That's, that Is Shiva. There's a village that's like their exclusive deity. They build the waterpark. Like she will come, she'll ride the slide. That'd be that. That's that'd be pretty tough. I always, I always forget about, it's nice thinking about how horny you guys are in India. Anywhere where there's a billion, and again, the census could be wrong, by the way, I was on war mode recently. Turns out the census is, they like totally botched It.


They're saying they overestimated over. Yeah. And there's a lot less people. I think so, but I, I, the, the, the black conspiracies that there's way more black people than they say. Yeah. That one I kind of believe I did until I got to fucking Austin. True. Yeah. That's, that's just coming from black people that live around black people. Yeah. True. What The fuck? Everyone's black. Why are they saying this? Yeah, I guess you're right. And you fly across the country And you go, it's been white the entire time. Yeah, It's true. America is a giant double stuffed or It is, But What the, what the what the coasts don't understand is the blobs are in the middle. Yeah.


True. They gotta get out up the new Oregon trail. Find blobs. You gotta find the blobs Minnesota Trail In there. They're in Minnesota. They're everywhere. Yeah. True man. Yeah. If You think you down to Missouri, Iowa, then you head down to the deep south. There's bob's, there's Bob's chilling. The best honey boo boos Talking Arkansas away. That'd be nice. Here's the thing, it's all funny games until the blob turns on you. Then you gotta go. She Could turn on you, man. And it's, that would be ugly. She Didn no country for old men. The, the cattle.


This is all fictitious. Obviously. This is all fictitious. We would never, we would never fatten a woman up. We would never fatter up for our own pleasure. For our women Will fatten you up though. They're trying to get the mail blob, dude. That's all they do. They Love trying to fatten you up Just so they can shame you. I think it so biggest, we were the biggest fat shamers on the planet. They'll fatten you and then shame you. My theory was so that you wouldn't cheat on them. They want you fat so no one else wants you. They think. Yeah, that's what I always thought. But I I dude, every, for every five I gain though, I got, I get freaked out. Why Are you making that face? It's my fucking blobs walking around my blob just walked behind the camera and we're all sitting here going fucking women nasty bitches. No, No.


I'm, I'm saying they will feed you. They will blob you Up. But you're right though. Just of course, it's to you later. Yeah. Yeah. You Need, you need to wear, it's like you gave me all these fucking treats. You gave me this, You gave me the Creamy. I would've never bought, I I'd never buy creamy. All of a sudden there's creamy in the house. Yes. I'm gonna take a fucking scoop. And I go, oh shit. This is better than I thought it was gonna be. I forgot how fucking good creamy is. Oh my God, Bro. I stand by the fucking refrigerator and eat a lot more creamy than I thought. Peanut butter ripple, bro. My Don't even Talk about that Man. You gimme some peanut butter ripple. You Could block me out, dude. I might be a gainer. You could be a feeder. You might be. This might be gator feeder's secret Podcast.


You gotta dial up the freak for me. Or I will walk, bro. I will fucking walk. I will walk. What do You want? What More do you want? Dude, You know about my dream. I had bro s the pat Get podiums. We'll get podiums, but I'm gonna bring in an expert And you debate them And you have to genuinely debate them. What Is it About, what do you think you're an expert on other than wrestling? Quantum tangle Bit. Okay, here we Go. I'll find, you know, I'll find a professor from the University of Texas. Oh yes. There's a close sake.


Wwe e The quantum tanglement. Once I've mastered the summer slam, I've headed straight into quantum. We can find a professor from Texas to come debate you. That would be nice, dude. Ooh, we should get a fucking women's studies. Be La Mer. Debate me About women's studies verse panties in the mouth debate. That would be nice. But dude, they're not ready for block Theory. Theory. They're not ready for with Theory. They're gonna go Quantum. Quantum. Bob. Dude, Have you studied blob theory? I mean, if you hit a gender studies major with, for every 20 you gotta get freakier. They would leave. They would fucking leave.


They'd be out, dude. Yeah. They'd not like that kind of stuff. I would like to find a white race professor. That'd Be fun. Yeah, that'd be nice. Oh, that'd Be good. I mean a white African studies just come in here and teach you guys some things. Get, do all. Yeah. Yeah. Is there, is there any white African studies? There's gotta be a couple. Gotta be. It's gotta be so many white ladies. Yeah, true. With hyphenated last names. I got one. Rachel Dozo. Dozo. Yeah. Well, dozo, we can't have her debate. Yeah. Also, you guys would be, I'd be pretty excited. You Would, I'm a big fan. You guys wouldn't ask the hard questions. You guys would be like, oh, I you pretty good at the NAACP on the first.


You have an OnlyFans. I know that. You sure yours. That was the icing on the cake. I was a supporter of hers before. Before that. Yeah. She was just a white leader that loved black people too much. I Was Texas Racial studies. Yeah. She Was getting nasty on the only fans For a while there. Was she getting nasty? Yeah. Yeah. For real. There was yoga ball. I mean in like in the nicest way possible. Like she was getting nasty, but it was like beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. She had been a, she had a bad, she had been a bad girl. Yeah. Dan, it's so nice to just doggy your way out of a like racial S the department Of the Department of Race, ethnicity, gender and sexual sexuality studies. I like that. It's all one thing. Yeah. Oh yeah. Being gay and being black is the same thing.


It is weird that, why do you guys get looped in with that all the time? You Guys? I need 'em to stop. It is not that it's a problem. It's just doesn't, which Is weird. If it was like Irish studies and gay people, I'd be like, why are you doing that? Come on, say hold on. It feels like somebody's doing and going God 'em like afterwards. Like I don't God. 'em caught 'em gay. Yeah. Yeah. They're going to hate this. It is gonna make 'em so mad. True. It's kind of bs man. Yo, come on now. Gimme the Fun. There's no honks. I can't, I can't find the directory for the Oh, we could bring in Italian studies. That Would be Nice. Oh, that's definitely just language. God damnit.


Yeah. True. Yeah. Was thinking There was, I got trick because this is right above Jewish studies in the listing here Is Jewish studies. Is that in that same thing as Jewish studies, Italian studies, gay guys. And Probably it's just, yeah, black Studies. That's kind of Did do remember when like universities started doing Ebonics? Do we They don't do that anymore, do they? Was that a thing? For Real? I swear to God. I think that was like maybe one or two places did that. Ah, I like it. I might go back and major in it. Yeah. Yeah. Like that's Fat. That class would be so funny to sit it Cap. Yeah, call him Cap would be so nice.


Go teach. Just trying to figure out when to say type shit. Like I don't exactly know how to put it into a conversation type shit is so nice. You Should study Ebonics. That'd be sick. That would be tight. Man. I, I think that was like a Thing. The origin. It's still a thing. I guess if you do linguistics, maybe it's just like a, because I remember just back in the day, you'd hear about it. I didn't know anything about like, I didn't know the specifics, but I remember they like busted that out. Oncologist we're like, we gotta, it could have just been like, just linguistics, like let's dive into this. But I don't know. I don't know a motherfucking thing. Faculty Is the word I was looking for. There you go. I'm an idiot.


It's like, Where the fuck is professors Guys nerds. Direct me to your talking nerds. Damn. Everybody here is a made up name for Who? The faculty directory. What kind, what are we working with? I don't feel like naming these words. Yeah. Don't name names. Oh, who's that guy? Are they caucas? Some Some are. Oh, call each other. Yeah. There's one for you. What? You said Cau Woods. That's what I call 'em. I like that. Stick taking that. What is this for? What? What thing is this? This. What's it Department. I hate to be a jerk, but it looks like engineering. Oh, That's Why I heard that made name don't, that's why heard.


That's made up names. There's not one. There we go. There he is. There he Is. There's one guy. Fun. Yeah. If it's Eng engineering's gonna be, dude, I had, I, I didn't do engineering at school. Every Name is yo fucking gibberish. That Guy's, that guy's last name's kind of funny though. Yeah, It is. What the fuck? Yeah. Engineering dude. Drexel was in engineering school and like I had teachers I like couldn't understand just for like math classes. That's who's coming over here to battle us? Yo, that's a final boss. Let me, can you handle Me? You're done. For Get an engineering professor to come debate. Like critical race theory. True. It's like I don't, I don't, this isn't my area of expertise, but shut up nerd talk.


Do big words. I know about making bridges. Hmm. Would you get Sean? We can get our hands on one of these. I looked up the African American studies faculty and it's, it's it, there's not really any caucasoid on, There's no Caucasoid. No. There's one. Looks like a That's ladies Man. I feel you on that. You Know that they knocked that off. Like they were like, sorry guys. We'll get you a new job, But you can't do this anymore. Nevermind. I got one. We got. All right. He looks like Mark Zuckerberg. Oh, bring him in. Lemme see that fella. Lemme take a good look at that fella. He would Probably make me so angry. Wow. Wow. Excuse me.


I swear to God. I thought it was Guardini. That's why I was like, good. Yeah. You're fucking mine today. No, it is. Yeah. We Can't, whatever. We can't do That. We can't release this man's No. No. Hide shelter. That man From the hide. Whatever. We have to out of that. Yeah. Shields identity. Or we could have La Mayor Moderat a debate between two professors and then have him summarize everything in between. That'd be kind of nice. It'd be like, yeah, because he's not gender studies versus astrophysicists and be like, go, go, Go. Yeah. That's a good debate though. That'd be kind. Sick Astrophysicist versus Yeah, it'd be like made up bullshit versus made up bullshit. Totally. Unprovable gibberish versus totally unprovable gibberish.


Go ahead. Stuff. That stuff. That doesn't fucking matter. Go ahead. Going back to school for gender studies would be nasty. I did social work. I might as well go all the way back. It's, dude, it's being in a hostile classroom. I kind of genuinely miss it. It's so Fun. Yeah. It's good that you were old enough to be able to handle that. I was ba dude before 25 verse Charlie Kirk. I lived it for two years. Yeah. I just didn't know. It was like a cool thing on the internet. Should have live streamed the class. I couldn't. What was 25? What is that? Well, like there was like conservative YouTubers were like debate 25 college students at a time. Oh, Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. It'll be Sit at the table. 25 woke students versus Charlie coach. Yeah. Yeah. They'll be like, I don't like being gay.


They like What? No. Yeah. Right. He just talk as fast as fuck. Yeah. Fast as Fuck. Beat dumbass. Be real calm and condescending the entire time. Yeah. It's the key To, you'll destroy the libs dude. You Get a bunch of nervous college shoes. I Camera do is destroy Libs. Yeah. Dude, I'm just gonna go in there. You guys triggered yet? I'd you about, I'd have tape over my mouth the whole time. Like, alright, I guess I'll take this off. I this, I think Trump Jr. Has a podcast called Triggered. Does he? Ooh. Yeah. Are you, are you able to listen to it? Or you Ever get I didn't listen to it yet, but I saw an image for it and Yeah.


Damn. That's gay. Yeah. I might say that stinks. Yeah, it does. That's It's a huge money maker. Huge money maker to deal. I mean, again, respect the bag. You always gotta respect somebody getting in the bag. But o It's Tough. Somebody should have helped him is the Font fire. Whoa. Breaking the blob. Yo Trump. It's an episode of Triggered called Breaking the Blob. Dude, I thought we were Trump Jr. On Trigger. He already sat down with Mike Ben and figure out blob what we need to do to shatter the blob.


They're trying to take our blob. What The fuck? They're trying to break the blob. They know it's too powerful. I'm Voting de this next election. If they're gonna, if they're gonna take away my right to Blob, it's a Blue wave. The bear blob is a total blue Wave. It's a total blue wave. If the Republicans are trying to get your hands off my fucking blob, Bro. The government's coming for your blobs. But for my dead body, I feel like the blobs have been staunch Republicans for a while. That's another thing that happens. You blob out so hard. You do become a fascist. I, well I think the soda band got them pretty hard. Yeah, the soda K. Yeah. But also RFK has gotta be a real, he's a menace to the Bob Blockbuster. S a blockbuster.


I'm secretly rooting for him so hard. Dude. I can't wait till he bans all that bullshit in our food. Yeah. Didn't ban so bad. Like dies shit. Did he ban like Yeah. There's just like 70 things illegal to put in foods in Europe that we eat. Yeah. No, I'm all for getting that. Getting rid of that shit. I, that shit confuses me sometimes. That we're not spasming about it. You know? Yeah. Especially. But it's very funny when a guy in Trump's cabinet does it. So then everyone's like, no. Yeah. We need those Dyes. I know. Yeah. It was like, do you want your gummy worms to be gray? Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. Who? Root beer barrels. Those things are good. The root beer bottle gummies, those Fucking rule. They better not be fucking dyes.


They are. It's all dyes. But you can do it. You can, you could easily remove those things. It'd be a little more expensive, But you could remove that sheet pretty easily. Still keep the color and remove It. Yeah, dude. You can use like beet juice powder and all that bullshit. And I mean you, you would, you might not be able to have like certain hu You could probably honestly get certain Es making that blow. I used to make gummies and I would use, I used natural dyes in my gummies. I had some of those gummies. They were good. They Were good. A little too good. RK would've told you to fucking regulate those things. RK Would've definitely taken away my, my kefi crawlers. Kefi crawlers. Kefi crawlers were dude million dollar Idea. Kife crawlers. Kefi crawlers are so nice. I had these bug gummy molds and I would, I would toast Keef with sugar.


So I decarb the Keef. And then once I got the gummies, when they're still sticky, I'd roll 'em in. Keef. That was, you could actually eat 'cause it was activated. Those used to fucking crush me, dude. Yeah. Kife. I would drive around, Bro. I got destroyed off those fucking things. The, I couldn't, Sizzlers was the Skis nose. Don't even bring those up. That was, I think that was just heroin. Sizzler. I think that was just fentanyl. They might have had fentanyl. That was Pure fentanyl. Dude. I was getting there was, they were an alcohol tincture. So you were also eating like Everclear. So I was just trying to play fifa and then I'd be, what'd you give me, dude? I'm blind. Yeah. Those things were sick, Matt.


Yeah. I was a fucking fi. You were a feeder back then. I wasn't. I was a feed. I was just sitting in the living room trying to game. And you would come in and go here, eat this. I was mk. I was mk. Mk the fuck outta man. And you mkd be bad there. I was just in the kitchen making shit. I was like, I remember I boiled off. I like took grain alcohol, made an extraction, put it in a rice cooker in their backyard. And it was just the smell of just like burning alcohol. It's a really harsh smell. And then I thought it was done. So I was like, All right, I guess all the alcohol's out. And I put my face in it to like, and I just, I don't know why it took a big whiff and it like, I just inhaled a bunch of alcohol fumes. It fucking felt weird.


I Bet. Yeah. It was not a good feeling. I like kind of panicked for a while. It definitely took me aback. I Had like this, that shit had to fuck up. I had this device that, I forget the name of it, but it was like a weed De Nova Decarb box later. I can't, That thing was sick. I can't remember. I still got it. Sort of. Or the magic butter machine. It is Like a magic butter machine. But it was called something else. But I tried to make like tinctures with it and it broke. Like it broke. Just making it, I think the fme just broke a hinge on it and then the paint under it Was all. Yeah man. What were you doing? Making tinctures? It was during, this is like 2020. Everything was done and Oh, I'm like, I'm looking know about, I would've had a slide on you, dude. Yeah, I was all the way in Jersey.


I wasn't even that one. Nah, you were, you were in our territory. I wasn't in your territory. I wasn't bringing it down there. You trying to fuck with Mount Vernon. Mount Vernon mafia, bro. I would, I would've had to snatch the dragon chain, bro. We would've snatched your chain. No problem. No. Nah. The dragon chamber would be, man, we would've, that was, that was, that was the actual man. We would've selling our top hitters. Dude, we would've sent wood and bees. Yeah, true. We would've been dead. Dude. Top our Top hitters. Our fucking caps. I would've, we would've, we would've sexually blackmailed you with barn dogs. The bar Dog.


Bar dog's. Legend. Barn Dog would've got you. Nah. Bar dog would've never got me. That'd been the one hitter I took out for sure. Definitely. You coulda got the barn off then I Got the bared up. I'd have saw three of em locked up. You've never got to the bees. No. Nah. You could compromise the bees though. True. You could join your side pretty easily. Like bees. Bees is down. Wood man. Wild Card. Wood man's a wild card. He could've got it. Yeah. We've sent him to your house. He would've killed you. Nah, he wouldn't have made it. That'd Been Game of Thrones. He would've killed the wrong guy. He would've like smashed the baby.


What did you do? That was House of Dragons. I think It Dude, Dude. I used to eat the, the, it was like I had the bug mold. The butterfly was like the smallest and there was the spiders. Then I had these centipedes that I, I did the math. They had to have been at least like 120 milligrams. Yeah. And like, dude, I, I could only, I did a spider once and was rocked and I remember I would eat those like a butterfly and spider in the morning. Just forget and be driving around and just, they would hit me and I would be blasting Ls dream. The music I used for the intro for the first special, just like wha trying to cross Lancaster Ave.


Like I'm never getting across the street. It Was crazy. I was like, I'll never get across the street. Lancaster Ave. Iss a tough place to be high as shit driving, bro. It's That sucks, Man. I clocked a lot of hours driving up that just like Lancaster AVEs fucking chaos, dude. It is. It is absolute fucking chaos. That street is nuts, dude. So it's also, you ever like walk up and down there? What? Open air? It's open air. Sex hoes are on Lancaster Ave. That's Nice. Lots of hoes. That's nice stuff now. Yeah. Now we're talking, We are talking Lancaster f Yeah, you could, you could go get the blob, bro.


You can secure the blob on For sure. For sure. God damn. My shorts are so fucking Short. Yeah. My yeah God. Usually end the podcast. Anyway. What were we At an hour? God Dang. I'm about to, I'm about to whiz. Yeah. I gotta Pee. Big time. That fucking flew, dude. That Was, that's good stuff. Got the Juice flying. Thank You. Yeah.