
Hey, we're live. What's up everybody? Sam Morril. Thank You for coming, dude. Thanks For having me, man. I, I mean, I, I hate to dig into what we were just saying, but you're absolutely right. The headset, that was one of the funniest things I've ever heard. Oh, sh Why'd I burn it off air? I was the funny, just saying, it's What everyone says now. You show up, they're like, save it. I know. Save it for the pod. But yeah, Sam was looking at my headset and he said that just when you see a comedian with a headset on stage, you know a molestation story is going. Yeah. It's gonna get serious. That's the funniest thing I've ever heard, Man. It's always something dark. There was another guy in the nineties, I forgot his name, but he was like, the first half was really funny. And then he was like, anyway, my dad was murdered. And you're like, what the fuck? But he had the headset. You knew something was coming. It is, it does lend to like a gravitas towards the whole thing.


Yeah. And here is the secret to life. Just Pause or like a self-help person where they're just like doing this a lot. That's where I got remember, did you ever see Vanilla ski with Tom Cruise? Yeah. That's where this made me laugh at him. Just being like, you wanna get fucking pussy or not? Thank You for coming, dude. I, I'm fucking pumped To have you. I couldn't tell if that was a good movie or not. When they broke out in singing in the end, it pissed me off. Vanilla Sky. Am I thinking? No, I'm thinking of not Vanilla Sky Mag Magnolia or something. Yeah. Oh my bad. The Frogs my bad. I think. Yes, yes. Yeah. That was annoying. That Pissed me off. And it was Like a really good movie till then started. It was awesome. And then it just ended pointlessly with him singing. And I was like, this is fucking this, you know? Yeah. Bullshit.


Yeah, dude, thanks for coming, man. Thanks for having me, dude. This is, I'm, I'm happy to be here. Dude. It's funny, the first time I ever saw you, I, I was a, a pup in comedy. I was a young pup, and my friend Chris O'Connor was like, dude, Sam Rose going, it was in Philly. You were doing some shit. I forget where it was. We just watched. And we were like, you know when you just start and you see a guy who like actually can do it? And you're just like, oh, fuck, Dude. Where was it? It's In Philly. I forget some theater. It was like a, it was like a, not a theater. It was like a, it was like a theater, but it wasn't like a, it was like a, Like a black box type thing. Yes. I did a lot of those in Philly. 'cause they were easy, you know, easy to get to train is like 90 minutes. Yeah. So people don't know. It's like right there. But Yeah, that was, I was a young, I loved it. I was a young comedy pup and we were going, whoa, dude, that's so fucking cool, dude. He has a whole fucking hour.


This is crazy. All in five minutes. We're like, oh dude, that's so fucking cool. Oh. And then, like, if I look back at that hour, I'd be like, oh, I fucking suck. That's how it works, you know? You feel good about it for a minute. And then Yeah. But then I, I don't like my new stuff either. It's like, you know. Yeah. It's tough. Like, how do you feel about your stuff? I I go back and forth. Sometimes I'm like, like the hour I'm doing now, I'll be like, this is great. And then I'll like, there's like chunks of it where I'm like, this fucking sucks. I need to cut this all out. But I just, I get to the point where I just wanna be done with it. I'm like, I All right. This is, it is what it is. I wanted to like, release this and just go on to coming up with something else. I Know. It's cool. It's amazing how quickly, it's like, it's like just a new relationship and like the, at first you're like, oh my God, this is amazing. And then a few months in, you're like, what am I doing?


I know. What the fuck am I talking about? Yeah. I'll like, I'll like laugh. I'll not even laugh. I'll be like, as I, there's like certain things I'll say from it in my head. I'm like, you fucking loser. And I'm like, All right, come on man. Come on, let's get through the hour, brother. Let's get through The hour. There's, there's always that one chunk where you're like, fuck, why am I still doing? But you know, you're doing it to 'cause you, you believe, you're like, it'll get better. Yeah. But you gotta, you gotta do it enough that you hate it. And then you're like, All right, I'll write new stuff. It's Time. Yeah. It's time to chop this loose. I'm excited. I'm gonna try to do a special some point, and then in the spring maybe, and then just, you're Like, one of the few successful YouTube specials of recent. Thank You. Yeah. That Was, I feel like there's not, that had a moment. And then it was like, it got oversaturated and you, I, You are a, a few other people.


Dude, I thought I was thinking for like maybe 40,000 views. So I was like, I'll probably get 40,000 on it. And then like, I was like, I'll have to do a bunch of podcasts, promote it. And then like the first week I was like, oh, sweet. I'll have to do anything. I just gonna sit back and chill. I know. That is, that is the dream to be like, no press. Yeah. You know, it's, I, I, I thought I was gonna have to do it all and you know, you know, whatever. But I always say, people always, people ask me, they'll always be like, like, what should I do for like, you know, like my podcast. I'm like, dude, here's what you gotta do. I was like, just get a, a co-host to become supremely famous. And I was like, that'll work for sure. That's, that's what you Do. You gotta be like a, like an agent. Now you're like, I think that guy's got the goods right there. Yeah. True. But yeah, people, it's funny when they, they always get like really disheartened when I'm like, I don't know.


I don't know what the fuck to tell you, man. I'm like, you just find someone who's super famous. You're, you're Holding up your end though. Yeah. Well, Thank You man. Yeah, Thank You. But yeah, it is. I don't know man. It's just the people get, people get spun out, man. Entertainment's the only thing, only like job I've ever seen where people make like, as much as a doctor and they're like, I'm a fucking loser. You're like, dude, you're killing it, man. Yeah. But if you Saw other doctors like performing in operation, you're like, that guy's getting more likes than me on his, on his operation. True. True. Do You feel like it, there is that thing about like, and also like, we, we do badly more than like a doctor's. Like, I'm sure they fuck up sometimes, but like, I'll, I'll, I've, I've had like three bombs in a row. A doctor fucks up three times in a row.


I'm like, you gotta get out. Just coming home. Like, I fucking bombed on my brain surgery. That's dead. It was an easy one. They were good. He was good. And I blew it. The other doctor went on, he crushed. And I came on and just killed the guy. True. That's a fair point. Yeah. They don't have to deal with the metrics. I think just The comparing, we always compare. And like, it's different than it used to be. Like, you know, back in the day you'd be trying to get something on Comedy Central and there'd be like one spot. You are like, this is the, this is the white dude spot. If I don't get this, I suck. And you're like, shit. Then I'm on a lineup with like Norman, Dan Soder, Phil Hanley, all these like killer New York comics, you know? Yeah. Joe List. And, but you know, now it's like, it's kind of wide open.


Yeah, No, it's true. Yeah, it does. And it sucks too. 'cause I will say in comedy, the product is your like personality. Yeah. So people are like, yeah, not for me. You're like, fuck you, dude. It's not like you're just selling insurance. Like, yeah, I don't really need that right now. It's like, yeah, I saw you. I'm good on you. And you're like, fuck Yeah. That's not my act. That's me. They said my name. That's When it would hurt. When you're like, they don't just like, dislike you. Especially when you tell a judge, like, oh, I don't just dislike his act. I don't like him. Yeah. I hate that guy. Yeah. He sucks. And it's a weird, I don't know. It is. I, it, it is funny. People like talking about like the internet comments, it's always kind of, people are always like, but it is an interesting thing. 'cause you, you, you do have to deal with like, like the way you're, I don't know how to put it, but that's the way you, like, your body has like cells.


There's just like a million comments about you and you can start getting into them. And it, it is, I don't know. I, I think it is funny. It's a fun thing to, like, I used to get real whacked out. I'd read 'em like just like, fuck this guy. Fuck, who the fuck is this guy now? I'm like, you never can tell. 'cause sometimes it'll be something that actually is accurate and you're like, fuck, that's actually true. And that's painful to realize. Then it's like, you get like, you suck. I love you. And then you get like opposing views that you have to somehow just choose like, which one do I actually believe? It's like, I Know you're like, fuck, I am a dumb ass with one eyebrow. He nailed it. I know. Shit. I know. Every once in a while. Yeah. But you know, you, if you believe the good stuff, then you're crazy too. So I know That's the problem. That's a problem, dude. So I don't believe any of it. I just wait till I find something negative and I feel the sting of that.


And I go, that's enough for today. And I just go about my day and I go, fuck, You gotta Also, I mean, I know comics who are like, I remember a comic friend of mine got this like, great writeup in the New York Times and I called him like, dude, this is amazing. And he was just like, nah, they're gonna, this is like right before they turn on me. Like, he couldn't enjoy it at all. He was like, nah, they're gonna fucking, this is like, they're, they'll call me great. So it's like people are gonna fucking be like, this guy sucks. Yeah. Or they're gonna dig out some skeleton from my past. That'd be, yeah. I Don't think this guy has any skeletons. I think he's like, pretty well liked this guy, but he just like, yeah. I don't know. Damn. Damn. Dude. Dude, I was, I did want to talk to you about this. I have. So you know about the Diddy stuff, obviously. Sure. Everyone knows I was there. It was great. Oh, True.


He sucked my dick. It was awesome. Do you, so he diddy's now crying that it's unfair that the owner of Abercrombie is not getting as much. He's out on bail while Diddy is not out on bail. And he apparently, I didn't get a time, I didn't get enough time to look into it, like the details of it. But he was apparently running like a sex trafficking thing in the uk. I mean, You could tell by the stores. Right. That Dude, that's What I'm saying. He just walked in there. You're like, this should not be okay. Right. These poor damn employees. Well, They used to have teenage, shirtless teenage boys outside of their store while running a, I think it was primarily a gay sex trafficking ring. Yeah. I mean, which Is crazy. Dude In the open, basically. I mean, I I, I remember walking in there and being like uncomfortable and having to leave. Yeah.


Dude, I remember my, I would like high school girlfriends would be like, let's go to Abercrombie. And I'd like walk past like, I'd fucking hot dude with a shirt off. He'd be like, fuck you dude. Walking like, I'm up by the shit. And it was like, Yeah, we were so mean to them. But like looking back, that dude was probably getting railed. Yeah. So we like, we were in the wrong, I thought they were getting a ton of pussy. Turns out. Yeah. They were just like blowing old man from They were the pussy. They were the pussy. But yeah, it was crazy. That guy has apparently running, he was running a thing like Diddy, whereas like all kinds of crazy manipulation and deception and sex trafficking and whatever. But that's the way to do it if you're doing that. 'cause you're like, well this is so out in the open. You think I would just flaunt it if I were actually do True. True. But then you, he was, 'cause Diddy was more like, it was more like a VIP vibe.


Like you only, you know. Yeah. And you know, of course. So someone with all these celebrities, you wouldn't be doing something like this. It would, the word would get out. Yeah. True. But you know, I don't, I don't know how it works. If they had like NDAs or something there. I think they just try to get dirt on you. I think that the deal is you try to get dirt on them first and then You are like real, I don't know. 'cause that is, I'd be so nervous. Imagine if you were running like a sex trafficking. Like you were Dr. Imagine if last night you just drug Your, I'm already stressed. I can't imagine. I'm already like, fuck, I feel like shit. I'm on the road. I can't imagine the, like that guilt level where you're just like, fuck, I have a sex trafficking ring. You are like, Yeah, GHB, the guy opening for you. You fucked him and then you fucked like four ladies and you just woke up and You are like, All right, I gotta do a meeting for my fucking vodka.


It's Crazy. Damn. Yeah. What's gonna happen to Ciroc? I think someone else bought it. Ah, Yeah, I think someone else. Is it Tainted though? 'cause because I did think of Diddy when I think of it. Yeah. I, that's what I would think. I would drink Ciroc and have a good time thinking about Diddy having fun times. But now I'm just like, ugh. But no, I think, I think they, some people try to say that that was the whole thing to get him off of the board because they were saying like, they were like liquor billionaires who didn't want him. He wasn't like playing ball. It'd be like liquor. Ticketmaster being like, you're not playing ball. And they're trying to claim You're not playing ball. You have a sex trafficking ring. Back in the day in like Hollywood, they would have morality clauses in the contracts for like these young starlets. So they'd be like, you know, a young actress would be like, fucking a married guy. And they'd be like, not you gotta, you gotta shut that down.


We invested at you here at MGM or whatever. Yeah. So, you know, it's like, it's really funny how, you know, back then it was like, don't, infidelity is bad. Now it's like, don't fuck kids. Yeah. Don't, please. Yeah. It's, you know, please, it's changed. It does ruin it. It does ruin a brand. Catholic church was the only institution that was like, their adherence were like, come on. It's A branding error. I agree. Every big company has some bad guys. Subway. It's lost. Some luster. It has. And they could have gone with that Clay Henry Guy. Remember Clay Henry back in the day? No. Who was that? He was the other one. It was like Jared and Clay Henry. They brought in like a, A one B character. Yeah. Yeah. Like he got real big on burgers and fries.


But now he's down to a smaller size play. So he brought another guy in. Yeah. He was a fireman too. Like, he could have made them. Ah, he could've made him look good. Loved his wife. He was lovely. A good guy. But then, yeah, they went, Jared. I mean, and look, we can't deny Jared had an impact. That's, he Had the sauce in The story of just walking and eating. He's like, I walked to to Subway and I, and I ate sandwiches and I lost. And you're like, that's not true. But we all bought it because we're Idiots. I know, I know. When he pulls those pants out, you're like, who can argue with that? That guy's pants were so much bigger. He was just circling school zones. The Shark dude. That's where he lost the weight. Just getting his cardio and going from one, from kindergarten or the other. Jesus. Did you see the documentary about him? I haven't.


Is it good? It Is. It's amazing. I gotta watch It. It Is, dude. He was way more sinister than you think. Like he apparently, so the reason that whole story broke, he went to a school assembly. He was going to assemblies in schools and like at the height of his, you know, prime or whatever, and he would talk to kids His, like, he's Barry Sanders in his prime, but He, he was in his school auditorium and he was with a lady who like, was like the local news lady. And they did like a little speech. He was like, kids, you gotta eat healthy, blah, blah, blah. And she was doing her thing. And then they went and sat down. He goes, God damnit, I'd love to fuck one of these kids. Just to the lady. And she was like, what? What? This is all according to her, she was the one who broke the story.


And then so she, That was a heat check moment for him. He was like, man, I'm getting away with this for so long. Let me see. Let me see. 'cause that's what they do. They like try, it's like serial killer shit where they're like, they'll go back to the scene of the crime. It's like that cockiness Yeah. Of getting away with it. Yeah. I mean, dude. Yes, for sure. Or I, but it was like, it's such a weird thing to do because then I guess he was putting a feeler out for her. 'cause then she, this is where it's kind of suspect for her, but she was like, she was a, you know, journalist. So she was like, I wanna kind of get, this is a huge story if this guy potentially really wants to fuck kids or if he's just like fucking around and is the funniest guy ever to like, Just Step down. Like, I don wanna fuck one of these kids. But then she started like pretending to be his girlfriend and they just drew all this To get stuff out of him.


Get Stuff out of him. And I don't think she ever said she had sex with him, but she would be like, they would have like phone sex where she'd be like, what were you talking about? And he was like, I just think I wanna fuck you. And he like admitted to doing it. And like the, his manager and him were fucking kid. Like, and then like, it all culminates. And she's having, Imagine finding you have that in common with your manager. That's such a weird, because I was like, pump my, my agent's a Nicks fan. But like, I mean, you're like, you're in that, that's fucking great. Yeah. It's, it's a funny icebreaker to like see kids like, man, kids man. They say the funniest thing. You See the switch on that kid. Actually, yo bro, I was actually gonna bring it up. You do really have to ease into that.


Like, that's a good looking kid. Yeah. The kid's cute. Yeah. If you were into that, you're like, the Kid's really cute. And you're like, think that kid's really cute too. You just eventually you're like, I'm so glad we met. You Should hang. Yeah. But dude, she, it all culminates and she has a birthday party for her own kids and uses them as bait. Yeah. And is like, he's like, she's like, my kid's coming. I'm so into this. Oh my God, I want, and he's like, I'm gonna come fuck your kid at the birthday party. And she's like, sweet. Perfect. And she's working with, so She has a kid. Yes. I think she had like two and she was using 'em as bait. And she even went to the, he was Using her for these kids war both ways. Joe Was quite proco. Yeah. But he, but she like went to the FBI like, dude, I have this guy on tape saying he fucks kids.


And they're like, you're not, that's illegal. You're not allowed to record him like that. And that's why they set up the birthday party and she had like a wire on and everything. She's like, he was like, basically wanted a kid, which is monstrous on the kid's birthday. It'd be like, I'm gonna come to his birthday party after he opens his presents and I'm gonna smash. And it was like, Damn bro, that is a bad birthday. That is A bad birthday. That's a bad man. And then damn. But yeah, eventually, like he kinda gets cold feet, but then they get him anyway. He like cops to the crime. He like, dude, he was a monster dude. Crazy. Yeah, he was that bad. He was like, and he claimed it was because he lost so much weight that then his appetite for food just like transferred to kids. That's what that was his claim. He was like, it's not my fault.


Yeah. When you lose weight like I did, you become hypersexual. And he is like, I just wanted to start fucking kids. Like, Damn. So Subway really is bad. Yeah. Subway. I mean, you're like, yeah, that's, He should have been blaming on the hoagies. I'm like, this is fucking hoagies, dude. I never wanted to fuck Kids that bread. Dude, Bread fucked me. That's not real bread. I, I knew Subway wasn't be trusted when they claimed that was avocado dude. True. That Was, yeah. Some bullshit. That's not avocado. Yeah. It made me want to fuck. Yeah. But dude, he got, yeah, he, I I like explained that documentary at like a fi like someone brought it up like jokingly and I'm like, you know, the real story I gave like, and they were, people's wi were like, dude, please stop. I don't wanna talk about it. This, this kid getting just batting down on his birthday party. It Is tough when you bring that to you gotta, you gotta know the audience for that.


I know. I, I, it was like a nice campfire setting. We're all sitting around. People were having like sangria and I like, you know, he was gonna fuck a kid at his birthday party. They were like, All right, that's enough of that. I was like, I'm sorry. But It's tough because it's been pushed into the mainstream. Like it is a Netflix thing or HBO every It was. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And so it is tough when you're like, you know, you're just hanging out at like a nice little party. You get a skewer in your hand. You're like, JonBenet Ramsey. You see that? Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, true. Yeah. It has been pushed in like the heinous murders are, they're like, great, that stuff never ends. Heinous murder footage is like, people love that. It's Endless. I mean the, the, the CEO from fucking United Healthcare. You saw that yesterday, dude. What happened with That?


I mean, a guy with a silencer talk about bad branding. They got him in Starbucks right before What? Yeah, he's, have they got him on camera in Starbucks ordering a coffee? Yeah. True. What'd he get? I don't Know. Definitely not tea. Yeah. No, no. Not a tea drinker. No way. You need some caffeine to pull out an execution. Yeah. He, he is like a caramel macchiato. Well, maybe a refresher. Maybe he got like a watermelon citrus refresher. Just carried out a, he went to Starbucks before he murdered Him. Yeah. That's run with that. If you're dunking true Run with That story. Like, hey, we, hey, we don't, We don't sell shit to guys like that. We don't like that. That's bad stuff. That would be funny. Just call it like murder juice. Like Yeah, get your murder. You don't sell murder Juice. Well, they had the murder ball, remember? Or the medicine ball.


I'm fucking it up. That was, by the way, we're such idiots. We're like, it's a secret menu thing. The medicine ball when you're sick. What is that? It's just sugar. It's just like, probably awful for you when you're sick, but it's like tart enough that you're like, ah, it's helping my throat. Wait, Starbucks has a secret medicinal beverage. Yeah. It's called the medicine isn't the medicine ball. They don't call it that anymore. What do they call it now? Something herbal Something. But it's just like lemonade and a shitload of honey and it's probably just an insane amount of sugar. And you think it's helping 'cause of all the honey, but it doesn't do shit. Yeah. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go puke on a Starbucks counter and be like, I need the, I need the medicine ball. It's, yeah, that's, you gotta be pissed if you're, if you're, if you're Howard Schultz Bad for Starbucks.


Yeah. I mean they definitely, they had their, they had their scandal I think like three years ago. They like kicked the black guy outta there. Oof. Yeah. Starbucks, the employee kicked the black. It wasn't even buy anything. He was having a business meeting it's fucking business. And they fucking, they kicked, but they Never kick anyone. It's such I know. It was pretty nuts. That Feels personal. It does feel personal. I I go in there all the time to pee and I don't get Anything. Yeah dude. I'm in there. You're in there trying to sign someone up to a pyramid scheme. You're like, get the fuck outta fuck. Lemme tell you about a business opportunity. And they fucking kicked him out and it was like a huge deal. It was in Philly. Damn that Starbucks came under massive fire. And they had to come out and be like, you know, the CEO has to come out and be like, we don't, we don't like that at all. It's so stupid too. Because they would do, they did that thing years ago at Starbucks where they're like, let's have a talk about race.


Remember that ad campaign? They did. And we're like, what are you, what are you doing? Cause they kicked out a black guy. They had to do it. That's so stupid. Now they have murderers. Yeah. That's what happens. They're like, oh, they're kicking out black guys. I'm gonna get a coffee before I murder someone. This is a perfect place for me. Coffee does. It really is great. Drinking a coffee and murdering somebody would be pretty sick. Yeah. I think it'd be pretty nice. You like heart rate's pouncing as you go away. You're like, God damn, I shouldn't have had that second shot of espresso. That was too much. That was way too much, dude. Yeah. I'm freaking out. No, I also, I feel like just murdering someone would wake you up though. True. That would probably get your heart rate up. I also think, you know, I was a little annoyed that New York's getting bad PR though. I told you New York's dangerous. I'm like, oh, we have to answer for this fucking psychopath.


Yeah. That's, I don't know where he's from. Yeah. And that's also not like, you know, that that's like a weird high level hitman crime. I mean, you know, That's where they say, but then it doesn't look that professional. 'cause they found him on camera. And if you're a high level hitman, you're not going to Starbucks before. True. That's, that's A weird move. True Apple pay, right? No. Yeah. When I say high level, I mean just like killing a CEO is like a high level murder. You would think there was like some powerful interest behind it. Or maybe it was just a psycho attacking. I don't even know how, I don't even know that guy. Who knows? I mean, it could be a guy who just got, who's fucked over more than a health insurance company. You know? I mean it's like, I feel like that's why Joker resonated with so many people because in the beginning he's getting fucked over by his insurance.


So you're like, All right, whatever he does is kind of fine. That's true. Think no, that's true. You get a surgery the day before, like, you like your thing lapses. Like you gotta pay fucking $90 million. You are like, you motherfucker, We've all been on hold with an insurance company. Like, what the fuck? Like, that's where you lose it. True. Because, you know, they always, I mean, and also it's like, it's a tough, I would, that's a job I would not want CEO You're making a shitload of money at the expense of a lot of people who are suffering. Yeah. And that's the whole point of insurance. You're taking in more money than you're paying out. So you have to make, you have to try to pay out as little as possible. And it does feel like they're trying to fuck you. Sometimes they are. That's dude. They have to, yeah. Their whole thing has to be, A lot of those places are like, they have like research about this.


There's just like 40% or whatever of people. If you're just like, yeah, sorry. No, they'll just be like, well I guess I'm fucked then. And then there's like another percentage of people who will actively follow up. But then you can be like, like, well, All right, we're gonna sue you. And like, All right, All right. I'm not doing that. So there's like, only a small percentage of people will like, know the steps to be like, I gotta get a lawyer now. Like, nobody thinks about that. Or like, can't afford a lawyer Ex. And it's exhausting. They tire you out if you're sick. You don't want to deal with making all these phone calls anyway. I mean, yeah. I, I think about all the time the ways they, they pretend they're hooking you up. I was at a dermatologist once and like, you know, your insurance covers you like a free chemical peel. And I was like, why the fuck would I want a chemical peel? And they're like, well, you get it for free. And I was like, maybe I want one. You know? Yeah. I'll take that. It's free.


But then they didn't cover the fucking medication I needed. What? So it's like they, they cover shit you don't need. It's like they, they know how to fuck you is my point. Yeah, yeah. They do. They're very good. Again, it's their whole, it's the whole point of their operation is to take in more money and pay out less. And they're supposed to pay you out if bad things happen. But the way they can make more money is to not pay you out. And then if you don't know the steps, it's like, yeah, that guy's fucked. This Feels political now. We're like standing back and forth. I'm telling you. We're just agreeing. I'm telling you we are. Right. Well that's a great point. That's crazy. That's a great point. I actually agree with that. We do have to do something about these healthcare companies. True. Yeah. That one guy, you know, did it? Not that much. Yeah, That's too much. So that was too, damn what that guy, A silencer two is like, it also makes you realize how deep desensitize It's pretty pro Hit man.


Dude, silence Do. But you could just buy a silencer. Can you? I I'm sure somewhere in America you're telling me you can't. Yeah, true. True. I should. It's not that hard to get a gun here. I thought they Were. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. I guess silencers aren't that illegal. I, I don't know. I Mean, they, they have to be illegal. You can't wear a bulletproof vest. If you, if a cop sees you in a bulletproof vest, you can get like pull. They can stop you. Like what the fuck you, I feel Like if you're a CEO of a health insurance company, You should get to wear a bulletproof vest for a while. That's true. Like a Little while. That's how they say that's the best way to get away with killing somebody is opening the door. And as soon as they open, just blast 'em and walk away. 'cause you don't enter the house. You don't leave DNA evidence. But damn, all the cities now are grided with cameras. Like, you really can't do that. Yeah. It's weird. Like, we like close to living in like a minority report type of world where, you know, it's like, how are you, it's amazing when people get away with murder.


Like that's why that JonBenet thing was so shocking. You know? I was like, in my head was like, whoa, I wonder who did it. I forgot they didn't solve it. Oh yeah. They didn't, they Didn't solve it. It's, it's so shocking. You watch forensic files. I like the ones where they solve it too. I don't like the true crime where they're just like unsolved murders. It's so unsatisfying. You are like, there's a piece of shit who got away. But then you watch forensic files and they're like, thanks to DNA we caught this guy. Caught him every time. Yeah. Yeah. Also too, whenever I watch that, they don't catch the guy. I am like, he's definitely right outside my house right now. Fucking rape me. Kill me. He kill me. Oh, I used to watch those. They'd be marathoning them on the road on like headline news and just be like 40 forensic files on the road. I'd be watching, you know, in some fucking motel on the side of the highway, just like opening my like, oh fuck, why am I doing this to myself?


Opening that dumb little curtain. You see meth heads? Oh Yeah. I still get scared. I get scared in hotels all the time. I'm like, really? Yeah. Like I'll just hear like someone else's door bang. And I'm half asleep and I'm like, someone's in my room. And I just like, I look around, I'm like, dude, you're such a fucking pussy. I was leaving a hotel in Omaha a couple years ago and there was a guy, it was like 4:00 AM early flight, you know, know it was like a 6:00 AM flight out. And there was a guy just sitting on the floor in the hallway just like crying. Oh. And I was like, ah, you just don't want to even see you. Just like something bad happened. No, man. Yeah. You don't wanna see that at all. That sucks. Would you just walk right by? Just wheel your Of course. Dealing with that guy. We think I'm gonna chat him. What happened buddy? Best case scenario. There's a dead hooker in that room.


Something bad happened. Yeah, true. Oh God. Yeah. Or a live one. And he need, I don't know, something bad happened though. Yeah. Sandy also was like, go in your room dude. Don't fucking, this is what they're for. Go cry like everyone else does in your hotel remote. Sit in the hallway. I know. Tension. The public crying is, and like in New York, I don't mind it as much 'cause that city's supposed to break you, but when you see it in like a smaller town, you're kind of like, yeah, something sinister just occurred. Oh my. Yeah. True, true. Yeah. Oh man, That's so, oh man. Ryan Hamilton, my friend, has a joke, was like, new York's the only city where you just see people openly weeping. You know? Do you see it a lot there? Yeah. I, I could see that. I do that. I guess other cities. I guess Philly too. Nah. Yeah, Boston. I think big cities, you'll see It. I did a month sublet in New York. 'cause I like thought about moving there like a long time ago and I was like, man, get the fuck outta here.


I went right back to Philadelphia. I was like, really? Oh my. I couldn't do it. But how Did the Philly to Austin is an interesting move. 'cause it is, it's such a different pace, you know? Yeah, Yeah. I just, for me, I had kids and once, like when I had the kids, I'm like, I wanted to get outta Philly anyway. And then I was like thinking about moving to like the outside of Philly suburbs. I, I had this like whole, it was a, it would've been a bad plan. I was looking at this like plot of land that turned out to be like a floodplain. It was bad. And I was like, I'd be an hour from every airport. And like, there was no way I could do standup there. I was like, I'll make it work. And then I was talking to Shane, he's like, you wanna go to Austin? I was like, yes, please. That would solve all my problems. Thank You. That'd be the best thing ever because that way it's like a decent quality of life and for like kids and stuff. And you can just do standup every night if you want.


Yeah. The club is good, man. The mothership's cool. It is good. It's a good mother fucking ship. It's a good club. Makes Me a little nervous. How many people are always there? I don't like to because I wanna do new stuff and I don't wanna just like, you see these people every few months from me 'cause I'm visiting, I'm like, I don't want them to see me. Bomb bombing. Yeah. Yeah. It is. I like, I like to bomb in the shadows. It's True, true. It is an intimidating green room too. And it's like, it's just that long. It's a lot Oak table and there's 40 fucking people and it's like, yeah. I was silent for the first like five months. I would've sit there and just be like, It's hardcore. It's like a weird health movement. But also everyone's smoking cigarettes in there. I know. I did the smelling salt. I, Dude, I don't understand why people, I don't know why I did it. Rogan's like, oh yeah, they're good, they'll help you. No one tells me not to put 'em right to my face.


I thought I was dying. 'cause I've had allergic reactions before and I was like, I was like, and Joe's like, he's like, are you okay? And I'm like, I'm like, God, I'm such a pussy. No, it's ammonia. That's right. Your body is, you're just smelling ammonia. And I don't know why everybody does it. I saw, I think I saw Josh Allen or some football player do it on tv. And I was like, oh, I should fucking get me jazzed up for a set. That's, then I tried it and I was like, yeah, if you're like a pro athlete, it seems kind of cool. But I, I'm not, I'm a fucking, I'm a, you know, IM a whiny fuck. Who just was like, ugh, There's better ways to get lightheaded. It's all getting lightheaded is cool, but it's like, you're just, I don't understand. I see dudes back there just ripping 'em and I'm like, dude, you guys just telling me you love smelling ammonia like that.


Like just fucking drink some coffee. Do anything else. Coffee's a move. Yeah. Do anything. Dude, I Saw a bartender once say to someone, she goes, do you have any Red Bull? He goes, we don't carry Red Bull. You want to, you want caffeine buzz? We'll give you a coffee. And I was like, wow. The way you said it was so cool. Shit. I think about it all the time. Coffee, Just keeping the caffeine buzz. It Was like, fuck Red Bull Bullshit outta my fucking face. I drank a rockstar last year 'cause I was like tired and I, I was like, I just, I was at the Super Bowl with Shane. I was like, I'm I, I was, I was like, I don't drink that much. So I was like, hungover from the day before. I'm a total pussy. Oh, with him. It's impossible not to be hungover. Dude, I was dying. You can't be a casual drinker around Shane. You can't have, you either are sober or you have 14.


You can't have two. It's No middle ground. Yeah, I, that night I had like a lot. And the next day I'm just struggling. I'm like, ugh. So I was like, lemme get a rock star dude. I thought I, I felt like I was on meth. I, I drank like half a rockstar and I was like, I've gotta go home guys. And I was like laid in my hotel room, like, ugh. I felt terrible. Oh dude, I hate them. I wish somebody stopped me and said, do you want a fucking caffeine buzz? Have a coffee. There's shit in that stuff. I don't know what it is. Even gas station coffee. I like, I I I just like coffee. I, I like the ritual of the coffee, the, the, you know, the, the energy drinks. I remember drinking, you know, when you're young comic barking and stuff. It, So I need energy. I'll drink a seven hour energy. And I'm like, even then you're like, this is, we haven't heard from them in a while. Lord knows what the fuck was in that shit.


Oh, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Five hour where they do the shot real Quick. But then it turned into like seven hour. Oh it was like that. Something about Mary scene where he is like six minute abs and he is just like, what if someone did five? And he is like, no, but they went the other way. Damn. They bumped up seven minute energy. Yeah. That shit. I think it was seven, wasn't it? Seven hour energy. I think they kept bumping it up. It Makes sense. It's also, it is a, it is funny to just like, the term energy just got like appropriated into being like, you're just rat. You're just like hitting yourself with stimulants. It's like, no, I have energy right now. It's like, no dude. You're just, you're fucking brain's wired on stimulants. Yeah. Well I was listening to your podcast where you're talking about, you know, just sleep and how important sleep is.


Yeah. And You are like, oh my God. We'll do, we'll do anything but the thing we're supposed to do. I know. Sleep is the thing. Dude, I, it's, I, I fought it for a long time. 'cause I would get into coffee. I'm like super sensitive to caffeine. So I, if I drink caffeine in the morning, I'm, I for real have seven hour energy. I'm like, why? But Do you take naps during the day ever? If I drink caffeine, I can't take naps. Same. So what I try to do, I like just white knuckle through a morning. Then I won't have coffee, but I will take a nap in the middle of the day and it's like, dude, you feel so Good. I've, I've never been able to do it. Oh, I love it, dude. I can't. Sometimes I'll just like, I'll be so tired that I just fall asleep early or something. But like, I, dude, I can't nap. I drink too much caffeine. That's the Problem. I, if I have caffeine, no nap. Or I'll take a fucked up nap where I wake up like, ugh.


Like, oh fuck. But it's Like, yeah. How about the melatonin stuff? I hate that shit, Dude. I tried it. And then someone told me it shrinks your balls. And I'm like, really? They hit me with the yellow five. They're like, yo, your, that stuff shrinks your balls. And I was like, nah, I'm not doing it. So I was taking it on the road. Why Does it shrink your balls? I don't know. Andrew Huberman said it. Really? Someone said that. Andrew Huberman said that. And I was like, All right, fair enough. Fucking He's, He's gotta be right. He's that dude. He's gotta know about that. He Seems like he knows a lot of stuff. He's Using 'em, bro. So he's gotta know. Yeah. He's using his balls a lot. So that guy knows. He, he's keyed in on the fucking ball Research. Yeah. The melatonin gives you nightmares. I feel like, you know. Yeah. You get, I would take it. I, I started fucking around with it on the road. 'cause I'd be like, you know, I'd be different time zones and I'd get off stage and as soon as I get back to my room, I just swallow melatonin.


Wishing it was just cyanide just right in my throat. And I would like sit there and read a book and all of a sudden you do get like, really heavy. Yeah. Have you ever taken it before? Melatonin? Yeah. I, yeah, I have, I have like a powder, this stuff I try sometimes called Beam and it's like, okay, it's got all kinds, it's got magnesium, all this stuff. Podcast, podcast sponsor. Yeah. They Send it to me and I, and I, they sponsored the podcast. I, I had it too. And I, and I was like, I started buying it. Yeah. Because they, I was like, gimme some more effort though. Like, they pulled their sponsorship. I was like, fuck it, I'll buy it. Like An adult strung out like Elvis did, you know? Yeah. But yeah, no, I, So that I, but I would get nightmares. I would wake up like sweating, like, what the fuck? I have nightmares every night. And I'd be like, that can't be good sleep. No. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I took it one time, like, I was like, I'll just take it at like fucking 6:00 PM just get like ready for the sleep.


I didn't realize how hard that shit hits you. I did the same thing, the beam powder. And I was like getting something for my kid and I was like, what the fuck? And it just like hit me outta nowhere. And I was like, oh shit. But yeah, I, it does the melatonin works buddy. Yeah. It's one of those things where it's like, it's just, But does it work because they're, we're not feeling refreshed, right? Yeah. I, well, I was like tracking. I was like psycho tracking my sleep at the time and I would get like more deep sleep from it, but I really, yeah, but it's like addictive dude. Then like, next thing you know, every night I'm like, I should take a little melatonin at night. And I was just like, but I've, I've heard that it's not, when they say like two, three milligrams, five milligrams, it could be like anywhere from like 25 to one. Like it's what way off. How the fuck Do they get away with that?


I don't know. It's like, who the hell's going back and forth and then like, analyzing it. So, and they could say like, these products in like tiny print, like May or May, blah blah. But I've heard that that's also from the huge, tiny Hate, hate tiny print. I know. It's fucking so They fuck you. It's fucking bullshit. But yeahs fuck you. Every time, apparently Hubes is way against the melatonin. And then I heard the thing about like being 20 mil. I'm like, eh, whatever. And he is like, it shrinks your balls or something like that. Say less brother I'm Off. Are smaller balls that bad though? Who cares? Yeah, But you don't wanna get 'em shrunken. That's the problem. It's like, what the fuck? You just, anything that can shrink your ball. It isn't that big of a problem when you think about it. But like, just having him shrunken. Hey, Dick's looking a little bigger. You know? You know That's True. That's Actually, yeah. There's some, there's some stuff going On. You sleep, but you're sleeping great. You're Sleeping well. Yeah. It's not a bad point.


I was, but they, but There is something about them being, it feels less manly I guess. Big balls is a good thing. That's what they say. Yeah, Exactly. And it just, there's something about something you're eating, shrinking your ball. Like, dude, the yellow five, as soon as I found out about that, I was terrified back in the day. Like, yeah, you know that shit. What's The yellow five? Never heard yellow five shrinks your balls. What's that? This is a food die. It's like the yellow five food dye. Oh. Or whatever the fuck it was called. But they were like, bro, hey, Best off just eat eating as naturally as possible. Like, you know, we're, that's the thing, like when you, when you travel for work and you're waking up at weird hours, like you're eating weird. Yeah. You're sleeping badly. Like it just adds up. You just, It's usually shitting not the best either. A bad Gas station, shit. There's something about that where you're like, All right, yeah, there's something dark.


Yeah. Especially the worst. The bathroom looks too, just shitting in it. You're just like, dude, how did I get here? This is terrible. Someone definitely just shot up. Oh, everything's like a little less healthy when you go, like in, in, in New York you can eat pretty, pretty healthy, but then the diner's been destroyed in New York. 'cause the, you know, rent is so damn expensive. So you're like, did I just spend $22 on three scrambled eggs? I know that's, it's insane. But then you go on the road and just the little things that you don't think about where you're like, alright, they put like a fucking bucket of butter on my toast. Yeah. You know, this is like the hash browns a little crispier tastes, everything tastes great, but you're like, man, I don't have the energy I had after this meal. Yeah. That I normally have, you Know? No, dude, I get, I, I fucking, I'm almost pre-diabetic now.


I was traveling a lot, eating out. I thought I was pretty healthy. Fucking, You look healthy pretty, you look like you look like a gym guy. Ah, dude. I was going, I was working out everything, but I was eating so much food when I was like, tra it's like, dude, I'm like getting the restaurant. I'm like, oh. Cause You need something. You need a win on the road. Sometimes you have a bad set or something, or you're like, just like the anxiety You need to do. So I need to do something somewhat self-destructive. And it's like, you know. Yeah. And you don't drink and you don't do drugs. I don't like drink. And, and I, you know, I have not cheated on my wife, So I'm like, that's, I'm left with nothing but overeating. So I'm like, well, I have to overeat. So I would just pig out and like, I, dude, I just, I can't That's for, for all the vice you have though, as long as you don't go diabetic. But like, that's not the worst advice. Well now I get to reverse it. Now I get to have a health journey where I can be like, guys, I, you know, I was at 5.7 a, one C now I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try to get down.


I kind of was happy to learn about that. I was like, oh cool, this is like a cool thing now it's another Chapter. Yeah, exactly. It's like something I can do. And if I can actually get it down under control, that'll be kind of fun to be like, I got mine down. 5.7 is the beginning range of prediabetes. Like the, like I'm at the door. I'm on the doorstep. Damn. My dad has type two diabetes. Don't go in. I know that's, but I'm, dude, I haven't, your dad has Type two. Oh yeah. Is he overweight or No, He was, he's like lost. Yeah. He's got like a beer belly. But he also like, dude, he, like, I worked with him for a while and we would do, he was demolition and we would, on the way home from work, he would drink a milkshake every day. Yeah. That's how he rocked. It was like four soft f pretzels and a milkshake every day on the way home. And I'm like, dude, I'm just eating too much rice. How the fuck am I prediabetic this? This is bullshit. That was fucking nonsense.


A Milkshake. I haven't had one of those in fucking forever, Dude. I, I've never seen anyone do that. 'cause we were doing a thing where you burn steel and it was, I forget that galvanized steel, so it's co coated in zinc, which like, I don't know, protects it against rust or something. So when you burn the steel, there was this thing, they'd be like, yeah, you gotta get your calcium. So it's like calcium somehow trap zinc. This was all like, like So that turned into a milkshake. Yeah. Then he was like, we need milkshakes. It was like, so we're help, we can stay Healthy. This will help McFlurry will help us if we, I I think the last time I had one, we had Bill Burr on our podcast and we, it's a drinking pod, so we're like, Norman's like, he doesn't drink. We should do, he likes milkshakes. And I'm like, All right. So we're like, we gotta get Bill Byr in a good mood. So it was like milkshakes and cigars was the trick.


That's kind of nice Actually. And it was, it was a fucking great combo. Yeah. That's awesome. I Mean, of course, two nice things. Of course they, you know, but they don't always work together. You know, they never, I don't think anyone besides my dad actually does milkshakes with a Cigar. He was nice. That is awesome. How do he like that? He was in a good mood. Nice. We were, we Were. He, you know, you just don't wanna rattle him. He's Bill Burr. Yeah. So you just, but at first we were like, you know, he was like, I'm, this time to this time I have a hard out, like, whatever you need. Yeah. We had a friend waiting in the hallway to do the next episode and then at like, you know, four 15, his out was four. He, we were like, we gotta get outta here. Right? He's like, no, I don't. He's just like hanging out. We're like, All right. I got a text from Mateo Lane. Like, it's fine, don't worry about It. Yeah. That's cool. It's Bill Burr, you know. Yeah. That's, That would suck.


Just absolutely drawing his eye and just having him just being like, fuck you. He Fucking Asshole. Phil, how's your milkshake bill? Like, what are you, to have Fun. If you wanna piss him off, just tell him the, the Patriot Super Bowl doesn't count where Marshawn Lynch should have run it. That's a Good point. He screamed at me for like 15 minutes straight. Really? Yeah. You could get him on the vax too. He's super, he's super, yeah. Should freaked out on the vax. That'd be fine. But you got fucking vax. That would, that would piss. That would, That would piss him off. Yeah. That would get better. I'm not looking to piss him off. No, I wouldn't either. Yeah. I would never call him Bill Berg. That Would piss him off. But no, that's what I would not want that guy on my ass. That would suck. No, you know what? We could all use a little more of getting off asses.


They didn't fucking fix that typo.


Dude. They had the same typo last week. Getting off asses. Forgot to put, getting off our asses. Fuck. Fix the typo with bold flavors and a crisp, refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew gives you that extra push to get moving and feel like you're on top of the world. A world where the sun's always shining and your crew's ready for action. And unforgettable adventures are just around the corner. Call out your favorite flavor. Still. Classic. I'm going classic right now. Code red sometimes if I'm getting freaky. But right now, just getting the Mountain Dew Classic verbiage to use great tasting, refreshing has a citrus kick. Variety of flavors, bold flavors, helps you connect with others is a treat. Helps you celebrate, helps you express yourself, helps you take a break. Are you guys not convinced yet? You just read all those fucking words. Helps you connect with others and express yourself. Talk about what game and activity you play with friends. Dudes, look, I've told you guys a hundred times. I dunno why I, I gotta keep talking about what I do. That's my personal life, what I do with my friends when we drink Mountain Dew. But lately, guys, we, we play a lot of games, but lately we've just been skipping all the games and just straight up hooking up. All right. I'll be honest, me and my friends have been hooking up after we drink Mountain Dew. The Mountain is calling and you should answer, grab your friends, grab a nice Gold Mountain Dew, whatever refreshing beverages are sold, and do the fucking do.


All right, does Blue Chew work? If you're asking that question, we want you to know that Blue Chew is putting their money where their mouth is by giving you a month free. Blue Chew is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra, but at a fraction of the cost in, in chewable form. The process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers, and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within Days. Blue Chew tablets are made in the U S A and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever an opportunity arises. Like a job interview again, guys, I I, they want a personal endorsement. I haven't taken them. My dick gets hard as fucking hell. But I'll let you guys know. If I start to hate my wife to the point where my penis doesn't work right now, I love her and my penis gets hard for her when I see her Naked. Vagina Blue Chew wants you to have the confidence to perform at your best. So discover your options@bluechew.com. Verbatim Blue Chew. Once men rock hard, they told me that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house till every tent is pitched, till every rod is raised. Discovery options@bluechew.com and we've got a special deal for our audience. Try Blue Chew free. Just pay $5 a checkout when you visit Blue chew.com. Wait $5 shipping. So sorry. I'll throw you guys off. You can try Blue Chew for free. You just gotta pay to get the Blue Chew to your house when you visit blue chew.com. That's blue chew.com. To receive your first month free visit blue chew.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Blue Chew for sponsoring Man Cheese Secret Podcast.


PrizePicks is the best place to give real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 200 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks America's number one daily fantasy sports app. Make your holidays bigger and brighter with PrizePicks the best place to get real money action while watching your favorite sports. You can now win up to 200 times your money on PrizePicks. Join now because this holiday season, PrizePicks is giving away two free picks in December and they're giving away 30 plus million dollars in rewards during pickus. Damn. I hate they made me say Pickus. Think James Cook will get more than 60 yards next week. Who or Joe Barrow passed more than 1.5 tds. Wow, I didn't think about Joe Barrow doing that many tds Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks. PrizePicks is the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off? Which ones aren't? Make your picks in less than 60 seconds and turn your sports opinions into real money all season long on PrizePicks. I mean, guys, how nice is that? Just getting in on real money sports action. I mean, I I just love thinking about James Cook and Joe Burrow doing 60 yards and 1.5 tds. I can turn that opinion into real money on real sports action. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup PrizePicks on your game.


The holidays are about connecting with loved ones and there's no better way to do that than with a digital picture frame from Aura. Wirecutter caught it the best digital photo frame that's so fucking crazy at the Wirecutter nod. And it's easy to see why you can upload your favorite pics of family to one frame and relive all those happy moments again. Or share the big news like a new edition maybe. What pictures do you and your family love sharing? It could be cute selfies, vacation pics or funny photos. I mean, that is really nice. I love the show. I try to dressed up really cute and show my wife and say, Hey, check me out. Do you wanna suck me? Or fucking, what? Who are you gonna give this gift frame to? Definitely my mom. That's, I'm gonna give this gift to my mommy. And if that's not personal enough, you can even upload a video message to play on the frames as soon as they plug it in. So the first thing they hear is your voice and how much you love them, or the Isis beheading video you want to send your mom. Save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code MSSP at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code mssp. This deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions do apply.


That would fucking suck. Dude. You were talking about bathrooms. I read a thing today saying there's, now they're saying you got a check if you're at like a public bathroom, you gotta open the thing and look into the toilet roll. 'cause people using like, you know, IV using like needles for drugs, heroin or whatever, oh my God. Are taking their syringe and is like sticking it using that paper towel roll to like clean off the needle. And he showed a picture and it was just like little poke holes with just blood. Like little like blood spots everywhere. That Sucks. 'cause you already don't want to shit in a public restaurant. I I know dude. And I gotta worry about a needle dude. Yeah, for real. And there, I don't know why the guy was like, women should be more concerned than men. It's like, All right, I'll take it. But it's like you're, yeah, No, I'm not thrilled either.


What the hell? But it's like, dude, yeah, it's, I don't know what the rationale, maybe vagina is absorbed. I don't know, but it's like, well I'm, I'm doing the tour bus for the whole thing. So it's a lot of public restroom shitting. Yeah. Because you're like, you know, you can't poop on that bus. Yeah, Exactly. You're not allowed to. So next day at, you know, either the rec center, we go little play a little ball or we, you know, that's kind of nice. Go to get Yeah. Poop there or check you Poop it there, check Yeah, open the thing and just look, even if you don't see blood, but if you see little poke holes, that means people are cleaning their needles off in the, and you know, maybe it's some internet bullshit. But I saw the picture. I was like, that actually does make sense. It bugs me too that these like, heroin addicts are like worried about germs. Yeah, true. Yeah. Like fuck, just do heroin. You fucking Pu fucking be a man also. Yeah. It's like you're worried about germs or you're taking toilet paper to toilet paper roll.


I'm like, lemme clean this off. Yeah. That annoys me. Yeah, That it was funny in Philly when they gave, we had like, there was like an, I'm, you've seen the thing of like Kensington Avenue where it's like just k and a and there's guys, like everyone standing outside. Did you ever see like that shit on YouTube? What is that in Kensington Avenue, Philadelphia. It's like one of the biggest heroin markets, like, I think in the country. Mm. It's like skid row. It's not as big as Skid Row, but it is just the people outside tents, like Zombified standing out there. It'll shock you that, I mean, this country man. Like everywhere, every downtown now has that. Yeah. Except for Irvine. I was just in Irvine recently. They have zero homeless people. They Got rid of 'em all. They do. Yeah. They then Irvine, they offer you a bed and if you say no to the bed, they put you on a bus and there's, they're like outta here to la I swear that's like, that's their policy.


Yeah. Rudy Giuliani did that back in the day in New York. Did he really? Yeah. They got rid of the homeless people. Well, they just gave 'em, Sent 'em on a train to where? I think to the west coast. Damn. So he probably sent 'em to Irvine and then they were like, you go back that way, get the fuck out. That's probably what happened. Yeah, yeah. No, that's even in like downtown Salt Lake. I was, you know, you you you're walking by like, holy shit. This is crazy. Yeah, dude. I was everywhere. Yeah, But dude, the, they, well, it's funny in Salt Lake, I was there at a farmer's market like last year and I was talking to this guy who was like, he was campaigning for mayor. He had, I think he had been mayor before and stopped. He's like, they need me back. And I was like, the, the park was beautiful. I was like, dude, this is awesome here. And he was like, well, yeah, there was homeless people here. And like, they got cleared out right before the farmer's market.


And I was kind of hitting him with like, that's what's up. And he was like, no, it's actually an injustice and this is why I'm running. I was like, oh shit, my bad. I Was like, Fuck my bad dude. It was like, it's really sad. They took the prescription medication and kicked him out. And I was like, oh, okay. Yeah, but Look at these avocados. This is such a nice market. I Did it with that. I was like, you gotta be honest dude though. And it is way better. I was like, just on a, you know, a level of just enjoyment. It is kind of sweet that they're not here right now. He was like, whatever. He wouldn't give that to you. He Was just kind of la he was just kind of like, All right, All right. But I was like, bro, I was like, it's nice you're defending them, you know, get their tents taken up. But I am. And I, I think it'd be sad if I saw that part. But the aftermath is nice. It is weird too that these tents are being used for that. Like, you know, the guy who designed the tents were like, this good for camping. You're gonna go in a nice thing. And then you just get people with needles like, ah, fuck.


That's true. You would think, yeah. The thing about like the love of nature and you're out and you're like hunting and living off the land. It is mostly just like emaciated human beings, like selling each other for sex. And It sucks, man. And, and dying. It's Getting a lot of dying in 'em. Yeah. A lot of people dying in those tents. It's getting, it's getting worse, man. You go around. Although you just find areas where you're like, these, there are so many people unwell that you're like, yeah, I I it is not gonna get better anytime soon. No, dude. And imagine like, I mean, no one's getting really born. Is anyone born into homelessness now? Or are, are they just like, what do they do with you then? I guess they take your kid. Yeah, I guess So. I didn't think about the homeless. You don't see a lot of homeless kids on the street. You don't Just the adults. Yeah. I think they take you if you're, if they see you as a homeless kid.


No, Oliver Twist. If they see you as like a home, a young homeless kid, I think they're like, get the fuck outta here. I would, I would hope, because I'm just waiting. Like, 'cause if that becomes like a permanent class in America, that's what I'm kind of like seeing. Like where do they go from there? Yeah. You know, a new thing. The demolition man, like predicted everything. And it's like the sewer people that might be next. You're like, fuck all these. Well, there are People who do live under, like, who do live in like little catacombs and under bridges and stuff. And I heard Germany now they have a crack epidemic in Germany. It's crazy. You know, everything. Nothing goes away. They just come back. Now Germans are dealing with like a hard, like 1980s crack epidemic. Oh Shit. Like, that's blazer rough. It sounds so vintage to know us, but yeah, I know. I, to them crack in Germany, that was like the one place in Europe. I didn't go. And I was so bummed.


'cause I feel like, I feel like Berlin is supposed to be sick and I've never, yeah. I, I would, I was bummed I couldn't make that one work. How Is standup in J in Europe? They all speak English. It's amazing. Is It fun? You know, it's funny. It's my worst set. I killed last year in London. And then this time I just was like, I think it was my worst show there. You know, I hit like Belfast, Dublin, par. Paris wasn't amazing. I mean, the city's amazing. There's like, the standup is, it's whatever Par Paris is. Meh. That's my no. And then what else? Oh, Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Stockholm and and Oslo we're all incredible. That's, That blows my mind.


They can all like, listen to standup. I'm all, I just assume. I'm like, there's no way. These guys, You would've a lot of fans over there. That's crazy. It's amazing. And they're, that's nuts. It's look, you know, some, some places like blow you away. You're like, wow, I moved more tickets than I expected here. And then some you're like, man, it's a light show. But even the light shows were pretty damn good. That's Awesome. I guess they're pretty happy you're in, you know, they're in another country and like, Fucking beautiful. Yeah. Just something fucked up. But it, But it is funny when you run into a fan on the, on the street that like out of there, I saw a guy in, in Dublin and he was like, oh my God, you're here. I was like, oh, what's up man? And he go, I, I, he goes, are you doing a show tonight? And I was like, yeah, yeah. He go, I was like, yeah, I think there's still a couple tickets available. And he was like, I was like, oh, he is not gonna come.


I, I like, what are the odd run into a fan in the, an American fan in another country? And he's like, nah, I'm good. I know. I was like, wow. All right. All right, dude. That's cool. Yeah, that is, that would be cool though. Be to be in another country and like, oh, that's crazy. People are like, Hey man, what's going on? You're like, what the fuck? They do a double takers. They're like, why are you here? Yeah. But you know, it's like, have you done Australia yet? I did. I know I opened for Shane in Australia's pretty cool and that, it was cool. It's just, the flight is fucking brutal. It fucks you up, dude. It fucks you up for like, forever. The way back fucks you up worse. Yes. Like going there. It's like I just drug myself. Yeah. A few muscle relaxers, a couple glasses of wine. I'm like, I'm fucking good out. But then on the way back I was like, I'm bad for like a week.


I was fucked up, dude. I had like, I had kids. I just, that was like, when they were really like even younger. So I like, we did a show the last night, got home at like, maybe two or three. Woke up at five for the air airport. I don't think I, I don't think I really even slept. And then just, I was, aw, I can't really sleep on planes that well. So I, if I slept on the way back, maybe for an hour or two and I was awake for the most of it. And then got dropped off the Newark airport and then had to drive this When I was in Philly, I was awake for basically 24 hours and then had to just drive from Newark to Philly. Oof. To my wife. Who was like, finally you're back. You know all that shit. Yeah. You don't, you don't walk into a happy room there either. No, I see that with, with Gary. 'cause you know who I tour with? He's got a family and, and I don't, So I, I'm seeing he's like, you know, she's like, you didn't FaceTime me.


I'm like, oh my God. I'm just fucking, you know, dude, you FaceTime. I'm having a lower Pressure. You watching your kids cry through FaceTime while you're in a hotel room while your wife is just like huffing. Yeah. Is might be. It's hell. It's the fucking worse. Like, ah, you're sitting there like, Hey guys trying to tell you. Well maybe You should talk a little nicer. Maybe. It's, it's terrible. It's actually, it's really bad. It's one of the saddest things of like, when you travel for standup, then eventually you, as they get older, it becomes a little better. But like, when they're like little and you're Yeah. Just Like, yeah. And you feel powerless. Oh, you just feel awful dude. And You are like, why am I doing this? It sucks. But, you know, and you get, but then you, the thing I always tell myself, that's A good example to work too, you know, for your kids. Like you're doing your, that's the thing.


You, you followed your dream and it worked out and and your kids will see that when they grow up. And that's a cool thing too. That And that. Well that's what I tell my kids. I say, guys, I know you don't like when I go away, but if I were to stay here and do another job, I would kill myself. So do you want me to kill myself? You guys want your father to kill himself as it would be your fault. We got you a babysitter. His name's Jared Fogel. But it is true. You do have to, there is like, because I'd be like, I should be around more, but I know if I had like a, a job that I hated, I would just be miserable in the house. So it's like, what's better to happen? You know, kind of someone who's traveling a little bit and happy in the house or someone who's there every day. Like, fuck. And you're, and you got this going. So you have other things going on. I, yeah. I think you said a good, I I hear it more from female comics.


'cause I think women are expected to be like the, you know, I, the mom should be there. The mom shouldn't be traveling. And I know, you know, some female comics who have babies or young kids and they're just like, you know, Rachel Feinstein's one of my best friends and she was like, you know, if I, he could, he could go to work. Like whenever he could do like all these 24 hour shifts, I leave for like a spot. They're like, they treat me like I'm Casey Anthony. You know? So it's like How? Yeah, well the baby's really young. It is like a biological reality that they do need the mom. Like they need the mom more and you can bottle feed 'em and stuff like that. But yeah, that's dude, the mother guilt is like 50 million times worse. And Yeah, You are sure You were in there. You were in her. Exactly. Yeah. I mean there's that, you know?


Yeah. There there's a connection. Yeah, it's a real connection. There's actually, now I've read in Sweden, man, the headline's really working in my favor today. They're actually applying to everything but the, there's a movement now called Soft Girl. There's like Soft Girls now they're called. So like, there's women who are now rejecting the workforce and being like, no, I'm a soft girl. So you're either a boss. I was like, what is the fuck Is it called? This is in Sweden, Soft woman. Yeah. They call 'em Soft Woman's. 'cause You are either a boss lady or a soft woman. And now there's people embracing this soft woman lifestyle where they're like, yo, work sucks. I'm becoming just like a pure stay at home soft woman. Well, that, that it would originate in Sweden. 'cause they're just so fucking liberal there. So it's like, that's where they, that's what happens. That's where they'll try out. It's like, like, this is what we'll try out the liberal idea and if it takes flight, it'll move over to like the other Scandinavian countries then make its way here.


Yeah. But like that's, that's where you debut it, You know? Well, they, I think they went well, that's more, there's more like liberal boss ladies. If you're like a boss lady was like, I'm gonna kick ass at work. Don't even ask me to do anything around the house. It's fucking bullshit, blah, blah, blah. But now there's a lot of women being like, yeah, this kind of sucks having a job. Like, it's not as cool as I thought. Yeah. I think, you know, a lot of people, they identify as what their job is. Yeah. They're like, that's how they describe them. I'm a, I'm a this, You know. Well that's, you know, my thing is like, if you're in a, if you're in a two income household and your husband makes enough and you're still working, that's when I start to question. I'm like, dude, it's one thing if you're like running a fucking company, you know, you're a boss lady. But like women are like, I choose to work.


And they're like a team associate for like Verizon. It's like, fucking why? But what if the, what if there's like a shady, what if there's like a prenup and the marriage doesn't work out? Then you're kind of just like relying on him forever, you Know? That's true. That's true. And then he can like, take your cell phone and like get into, there's, there are those guys who do that. Yeah. That makes sense. That does make sense. I think it's good to have your own thing, you know? Yeah. I'm, I'm more attracted to women who have their own thing going on. I like soft light. I like Soft Girls. You, you wanna girl with just weights for you Weights. Yeah. Soft girl. Yeah. No, I don't, I don't care if a woman works. I don't care. It is, I just think there is something like, I don't know man. I, I, I do think there's, I do think there's something sad to have it put in a, a woman's head that like, if they're not working, they're somehow like sold out their entire species.


And they're like, if they're brainwashed, it's like, that work sucks Too. Yeah, yeah. No, I don't, I don't think that way either. But I hear you. It is nice. It, I will say there is something nice to Thing. I just don't like the idea of a woman waiting around for me. That true. Like, like she doesn't do anything. And then she's like, where have you been? Like, I don't like that energy. That's totally true. 'cause that I Like her to have other shit like that she's gotta deal with. I like, it's good to have other things. You're right. No, You are right. Because I would say that is the downfall of a soft girl. Whatever the fuck they're called. The where are you techs increase by 500%. Once you go from a boss lady to a soft girl, it's like, there's not, I just dish off. Where are you? I swear to God, when you said soft girl, I thought it was gonna be like some, like a trans like man, but like the penis doesn't work.


I really thought because like, because Sweden is so fucking liberal, that was like, it's gonna be something like that. But, Well, dude, it is. There is something. Well, apparently, yeah, Sweden's the most liberal place and that's why they're kind of like, like what the fuck's going on? 'cause a lot of women now they're like, All right, we set, we like laid the bath. Jordan Peterson talks about this. You laid the path for gender equality. And there's like, they have more people than ever who are like, fuck that. I'm just gonna stay at home, be a traditional wife. Which, whatever. So That, but that's also their, you know, that's, I guess it's weird if you had a male friend who would do that, like, I'm just gonna like hang out. And You are like, All right, because I have a friend like that and he hits, he hits me up for money and I'm like, dude, just fucking do something. Do something. Yeah. He's trying. And he's The friend.


Is he a soft dad or is he like No, he justs He fucked. He had this woman who like was a hard worker and doing and she like wanted to have a family with him. And he was just like, nah, I'm good. And he's just like a single dude now. Just chill. Oh. I'm like, dude, you really misplayed your hand here. Yeah. Now I'm getting like Venmo requests from him. I'm like, dude, come on. Come on man. $60. You gotta get your life together. That's true. No, there is. You did make a strong case for a boss lady. 'cause it is true. You do want kind of someone who has their own thing going on Russell. They're gonna be fucking bugging you. I just think it's nice you have another thing. It's just like, you know, it could be anything. It doesn't have to be like a crazy, but just have something else. 'cause you don't look at the divorce rate, nothing. I mean, you hope things work out, but No, it's about 50.


I think we just came down for 50 to like 48%. Really? Yeah. So that's All Right. It's high. It's still pretty fucking high, dude. But That's, it's, you know, 50 50. There's, there's a reason people are getting less. Why is that? Wait, getting divorced less. Yeah. 2% is something, right. That's pretty good. Yeah. That's Two. You said 48 instead of 50. I thought it was. So It went down. Yeah, it went down a little bit. It went down a little bit. It's all geographically. I think abortion went down slightly too. Did it really? Yeah. Maybe people are just being, maybe people are just being a little safer. Who knows? Yeah. Or, yeah. I wonder, I wonder. 'cause it's the saddest divorces I've seen are when like, people don't even hate each other at the end when they're just kind of like, It ran its course. It's just, Yeah. When two people just like lose all passion for each other.


And it's kinda like, Yeah, you think you're gonna have like a season four Carmela Tony blowout on the Sopranos, but then at the end you're just like, eh. Yeah. I've always thought it was dead. I always thought that was the saddest like virgin. Do you hear people like, yeah, we just, we one day looked at each other and we're like, nah, it was pretty mutual and peaceful. I'm like, that sucks. You'd want it to be like tears. But if you have kids, that's what you need. 'cause that's true. The bad ones. You've seen those where you're like, holy shit, they just hate each other. I've seen people who stay together who fucking hate each other. And that's, that makes me sad too. That's bad. Because you're just like, you hate going home. That friend who will stay out with you all night and you're like, man, this person rocks. And you're like, oh, they're deeply unhappy. That's why they're still drinking with me. Yeah. Like you, you're just like so grateful. They're like, this person wants to party, but but they hate their home life.


That's true. That is the one thing where, you know, when the divorce rate is at 40%, it's like, yeah. A lot of marriages, like, just growing up, you see, you're like, damn, these guys hate each other. So that is a sad thing too, to like, because it, it, there's no easy way. 'cause it is gonna be stressful, but it's like, yeah. When do you throw in towels? Like a weird question. And mostly women initiate divorce. Yeah. It's mostly women who initiate it, which is like, yeah. It's, I've always been struck by that, but it's like, Yeah, maybe women put more stock and happiness. I think dudes are kind of more comfortable being miserable. Yeah, true. Women are like, I am I happy. Like they're quite, they're more introspective. I think women question things more than we do. Yeah. Like I, I'm happy to just go through life being like, I need a joke.


I need this. You know? But then every once in a while when you like, face your feelings, you're like, oh my God. Like, it'll, it'll scare because women are just like trained to deal with their feelings Yeah. All the time. And we're not. So when I, you know, I just like, I'm like, I don't, I'm feeling something. I don't like whiskey plea, you know, just like, I'll just, I'll just bottle it up. But, you know. Yeah. That's not Good either. They're, they're incommunicado all the times with each other about like, what's stressing them, what's going, and they, they are good about that. But sometimes it could be too much where I'm like, dude, like, well, you're invalidating my feeling now. They're dumb. They don't apply to the problem. They're just getting in our way. Turn it off now. Cram it down and fucking deal. Yeah. But you're, you know, You are kind of right. I think they, they, they, I, I've talked about this before, but one time I was with my wife and she, she was like freaking out where it's like bedtime.


She was just like panicking. I could hear her breathing weird. I'm like, what? What's the matter? And she was like, I'm like, just tell me what's wrong, dude. She listed a rapid fire response of like six problems at once that had like, sub problems about like, this person. And I was just like, stop right now. It, it was so fast. And it was just like inter And so organized. Yes. It was like this interconnected web of like this person that, and this happened, and then they thought this and that. And I was just like, duh. I was like, All right. I, I don't ever wanna glimpse into that ever again. But I was like, that's, I feel for you, Was it a work problem or just like a home problem? I don't even remember. It was more of like a friend group slash work thing that she was freaking out that was killing. Oh dude. It was Like, you watch these, I I don't watch them, but some of my girlfriend will have these like real housewives shows on, and I'm like, you're just manufacturing problems.


I know that They're like fake and they're ridden and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But these people, just, the idea of these people who have nothing going on, they're like, this person didn't invite me to a party. And that's like an arc. Yeah. And you're like, that's your life. That is, that's a, that's like a punch in the stomach. In girl world though, you have a party. That's true. You have a Party. But sometimes it's even less than that. Someone was like, they, this person like cut me off or was rude to me. And you're just like, All right. Yeah. Hold a grudge. You're Right. The party thing is actually, that was a bad example. No, no, no. That doesn't make sense though. It is, it is dumb. But it is like, that's a, that is a thing since women don't, like, it Does suck to not get each to a party. I don't want to go, but I do wanna be invited. Yeah. Man, that's like, I don't Wanna go to weddings ever, but like, when I don't get the invite, I'm a little like, eh, it's a Bummer. I get kind of sad as well.


I, I'd really like, not like to go to almost anything, but if I don't get invited, I don't like what the fuck You just wanna be thought of. You don't wanna actually do it. You just want the, it's almost like at a certain point the consent is better than the sex. Yeah. Where you're like, that woman was like, that woman would fuck you. And you're like, what? That's amazing. True. And you just go home and you jack off and you're like, who cares? Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I don't need the fucking sex. I don't Want, yeah. I don't want to, I don't wanna keep the fantasy in my head. Yeah. But Yeah, the sex would ruin it. The sex would, she would be like, oh, that was horrible. And you'd be like, oh, fuck. Yeah, that stinks. But The idea that it could have happened, you're like, oh, fucking Yeah. I, that's, I always wonder, it's like, especially when you're, when you're, before you're married, you do like, you're like, All right, I'm gonna have sex. It better be good now. I'm just like, I don't, I'm not, I mean, if it's good, it's great, but if I could, if you'll just let me in there, I'm like, Thank You man.


Yeah. Now you get to the point. I just get like sad and resentful about that now I'm like, that is actually nice of you not wanting to have sex and letting me do that anyway. I'm like, that's, Thank You for that. That's considerate. That's very nice. I mean, that's very nice of you. You didn't have to do that. Next time she has some little more fucking spirit. Right. I'm dating someone and I, I was walking back to the hotel from the comedy club last night and some woman was like, oh my, she was like so excited to see me. I was like, oh, what's up? And I was like, well, if I was, she was like, I'm a big fan. I was like, oh shit, cool. And we were talking a little bit, she was attractive. And, and I was like, man, if I was single, I would try to have sex with her and I would lose a fan. I might as well just keep the fan. True, true, True. I'm better at comedy than that. I know. That is really funny, dude.


That is. Yeah. That I've never see, I've always been married. I've never got to like sexually interact with my fan Base. How, how long have you been Married? Five years. Oh, okay. So I've been married. I didn't get it when it was like, good. Really? I feel like because I, I, I was always just so quickly out of a breakup and it was just like I was too sad or I like when, you know, or I would ruin it. I remember, I, I remember I fucked like an older woman in Portland once, and I was so sad after a breakup where she's like a divorce woman. She had a really nice house. And right after I came she was like, what's wrong? I'm like, ah, I just missed my ex. Oh. And then she was like asking about it and I was like, I'm sorry. It's just like very fresh. And, and she was just like, well, it sounds like she doesn't want you back. And I was like, she might like, we got in like an argument about her.


I was like, it could work. Like, and I was like, wow, this is like the worst one night stand ever. I suck. That is, there is something cool though about like that divorce lady energy. Oh. She was like, glad Cool those ladies are out there. Oh my god. I love it. Like, fuck your ex. She says like a million dollar house. Yeah. She's like, yeah, things don't work out kid. You know? Yeah. I haven't seen my kids in six months. They fucking hate me. Yeah. That is kind of funny to be like, don't she? She doesn't want you. I know. She was right. Oh really? She was definitely right. But I mean, I wasn't ready to hear it. I was still sad. Yeah, true. And you're just trying to numb yourself on the road. It's like any way, it's like what I'm saying, you're trying to avoid the feelings of feeling. Yeah. But you have to, I, I've gotten better just feeling when I'm sad. Yeah, True.


Or You know, what you were saying on that podcast the other day, like, just forcing yourself, I'm not like working out hard, but I'll go to the gym and you get a little boost, you Know, do something. Yeah, yeah. No, that helps me. I've, I've been good at that. Like, I've been trying to do a thing where I just, like, if I'm in a hotel, my, my first instinct is like, I'm just gonna fucking watch porn in a jerk off. 'cause otherwise I, I can't fall asleep otherwise. And I've been like forcing myself to just lay in my bed and just feel whatever that feeling is of like, yeah. Before that I just would go away if I just jerked off. I know you mean it's so tempting. It's like made up perfectly for it. It's, I, it's crazy. And I'm like, what is going on in me? And then I like, and I'll sit there and feel it. I'm like, am I, I can just fall asleep naturally and then I will actually get relaxed and then I'll just watch porn. A jerk while, Oh My God, now, now I'm really gonna fall asleep.


I Did the exact same thing last night. The only difference between me now and me and like in my twenties is I, I read afterwards. Oh, nice. I had my book with me. I was like, I'll read, I'll read a few pages, then I'll fall asleep. That Is, yeah. Like nobody needs melatonin. I Still watch porn and jerked off. But I, you know, you read Your book. I read my book. That's dude that is the melatonin company. Does not want you to hear this. But yeah. You watch porn and then read a book. You could do it. You Do not need melatonin. You get, you get sleepy. You do. I read every night Before bed. I love it, man. What, what are you reading Right now? I'm reading a book called Money in the Meaning of Life. That's like, it's pretty good. It's this, this professor talking, he's like a comparative religion professor who just like yammers on about like how money is like central to like, just like, it's so deeply embedded in people's psyches and how it's like, we're pretty unique in that regard as like a civilization.


'cause it's like relatively new, I guess. And it just says like, how you just need like the come up with a way in life that like, money's always gonna be important if you try to tell yourself it's nothing, you're just fool yourself. 'cause it's like you're, when you put like a lesser or base desire, you try to banish it from your consciousness. It just becomes wild and then just like goes crazy and like goes outta control. So his whole thing was like, just try to make money the second most important thing in your life. 'cause he is like, it's probably the most important thing for pretty much everyone that's understandable that it is. But if like you can make it the second most important thing, he's like, that's an amazing achievement. That's true. And family will be your number one. No, me, no. Yeah. Anything family. Just anything, anything you're doing gets into the gift economy. How a true gift. Yeah.


Never stops moving. Like, you're like, it's like there's like a, I don't know, but, but yeah, he's like, if you can make it second most and it's like, you know, money's tied in with all of your other kind of like, creaturely concerned where he is. Like, if you can try to somehow make that second most sport and he's like, amazing achievement. That's pretty, it was a good, it was a good lesson. Yeah. Sometimes you just need to be reminded of things that we kind of already know. Yeah, Exactly. You kind of know it, but a guy's just like put it's, it's with everything. It's like, fuck. Sometimes you just see a comedian, you're like, oh yeah, I'm just supposed to be funny. Yep. Somebody's just, it's just so simple. Like, you see a, the most obvious message in a movie or book and you're like, why did I, I know that, but why did I lose sight of it All the time? Yeah. It happens all And that's what he was saying.


He is like, when you try to banish these things from your consciousness, they just kind of work in the shadows and just take right over again without you even knowing. Yeah. But yeah, that's, that's helped me a lot in standup is I used to always fucking panic everywhere. I'd be like, oh fuck. Now I'm just like, there's people here. They wanna laugh. I'm gonna do my Best. You you had anxiety to perform, you mean? Yes. Math all the time. Yeah. All the time. Yeah. Me too. Yeah. I just sit there and go. I dread it. I get really, and, and then I'm on and I feel fine. Once I get the first laugh, I feel fine, but like, yeah. I dread the waiting. Yeah. I, and I, A comic before me could run the light by two minutes. I'm like, oh, you're killing me. Get the fuck off. I just wanna fucking go on. I know, You know? Yeah. I've, I've like relaxed a lot, but if I'm in a new scenario, like when I moved down to Texas, I go to the mothership, I was just like, it's A new, you have to prove yourself all over again.


Yeah. It's, and I just, I mean, A lot of people know you, But you still have to, you feel like you have to prove yourself. It's true. And I had, I was like working on pretty much newish material. 'cause I like did the special and like, I was like still trying to like, build up like an hour. So I was, it was like, I was just shitting myself the whole time. But it's like now, now I've like tried to take myself outta the equation as much as as much as I can and just be like, I just, these people wanna laugh. I'm gonna try to make them laugh. And if I don't do well, it was a valiant effort and I'm not gonna like freak out or be like, you're a fucking piece of shit. You know? Like, that stuff is bad. I used to always think like, it's always, it's one set. It's not gonna change my life in any way. If you get a new joke, cool. But like this, I'm not ruining myself over this set. Yeah. Although Michael Richards might have thought the same thing, so You never know.


But I, but that's, that's How I feel. Everyone bombs. Yeah. Everyone, Everyone says the n word. A bunch to strangers in the crowd. It'll be, luckily camera phones aren't a real thing yet. True. Wait a second. Yeah, no, I, You should have had the yonder bag, dude. Yonder bag. So important. Yeah. Chappelle has it to protect material. Other comic You are like, it's, I might have a racist tirade. I just need, no, but I, I really do feel that way. Like nothing really that bad is gonna happen. You know, like you just give them the best show you can. Especially when you're like really, you know, you're working on stuff and you're building and hopefully the crowds now are sophisticated enough to understand like, how we have to do this. Yeah. So they know, you know, they listen enough podcasts and stuff, or you're doing your show on your tour and you're like, this is, this is where it's at right now.


I hope it's good enough. But like it, it'll get there, you know? For sure. You still get those psychos, like, so you're gonna do the same thing on the next show. And you're like, yes I am. Get the fuck outta here. Do you like, make it up every time you're like, no, dude, what the fuck do you think I am? I know people think that I know isn't isn't crazy. They're like, so you gonna do, like, what are you gonna do for the next show? Just like something totally different. I'm like, no. What fuck. Well, you do. I mean, look, there are moments where we're riffing so they think there may be the other stuff. For sure. There are moments where we're like, you know, at the end of the show, I'll fuck around with the crab, I'll like throw scream at a current event. I'll try to, you know, or I'll do whatever safe. That's kind of fun. Yeah. Stuff like that just to, 'cause I, I get bored with the material anyway, but like, yeah. The fact that they think it's all off the dome is insane. It's Crazy. But That would be so fucking, I mean, I've seen there are dudes, I think Rory Scoville would do some shit.


Like he did That, he did a whole special where he just went completely off the dome. He's He's a different breed though, in that way. I think that normal comics, you just can't, No, I wouldn't, I don't know. That would, that would be, it'd be a fun experiment. But it's also like, but it would do a Disservice. Like, can you imagine like Chris Rock Off the Dome as opposed to like seeing his PI wanna hear his polished stuff, you know? Yeah, true. Yeah. True. It's one of those things that sounds cool. But you'd also have to tell the audience because that way they, they, they're bought in so they're not just kinda like, what the fuck is this guy doing? I know, but, Well, dude, I think you crushed it, man. I think we're, we're at an hour. Thank You so much. It's so Fun. Yeah, it was a blast. Thank You. It's the most you've ever spoken. I know. Yeah. If you're ever in New York, you had to come by ours, you know, please. That'd be awesome. Yeah. Yeah. This is what I, it's, I've been video recording my basically first time really meeting people.


It's really sweet. It's really cool. It's really awesome. Yeah. But dude, Thank You man. What do you have? Do you have anything you want to Yeah, you know, I, I'm on tour, like crazy start in January. I got, you know, some clubs to warm up in, like San Antonio Liberty and Liberty Township, Ohio, which is like somewhere near Cincinnati, I think. Nice. And then, and then Pittsburgh Improv. And then it's just like all theaters going forward and doing the bus. So it's like Charlotte, Richmond, DC, Philly, you know, Tulsa fucking Austin, Dallas, west coast, every city. So it's just Sam Morril dot com slash shows. And if, if you don't see it, it'll be there.


You know, it'll it'll be there in the fall. Yeah. I'll come, I'm coming everywhere. So that's Ger. I'm so jealous of his tour name. I'm coming everywhere. Is that what it is? That's what he called, like what a great tour name. Oh, that is pretty good. But yeah, so it's just my, my website go to shows and I'm, I'm really coming every city and it's, it's a new hour and I feel, I feel like it's getting there. It'll be, it'll be good by then, so. Oh yeah, Dude, you better get the, you better get the fuck out there and go there, Dude. And we got our Whiskey Bodega Cat, which is gonna be, it's me and Mark Norman's whiskey. I brought you a bottle. It's, it's good stuff. It's, it's everywhere in New York now. It's gonna be everywhere here soon. So I'm pump. Fuck Yeah, dude. That's awesome, man. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well thanks for coming, dude. Thanks for Having me, dude. Appreciate that. Thank You guys. Love you guys. Goodbye.