
Nice. Yeah, we were just talking plane crashes. Too many man. Way too many. That shit got nigga scared. Shit, Dude. I'm telling you, I, I flew, I had to fly with my wife and I was just ready. I was like, man, if this is it, this is it. That's crazy, dude. How the helicopter just flew into that fucking plane? Yeah. That's crazy. Like they didn't see it on like the radio like, like the radius skin or whatever. That's crazy. Yeah, man, I, I don't know. It gets people, it gets people's wheels spinning in a really bad way where it's like, why, how did the fuck did that happen? And then this is the crazy part, I never listened to what they tell me. Like, yo, when Yeah. So grab the oxygen and everything that bro, something happened. I'm a freak. And how's that gonna save us? I know, dude. They talking about wear a seatbelt. Yeah, a seatbelt when the helicopter hit the plane.


Yeah, you're fucked. It's too Crazy. Yeah. And then they, if you like my, when I fly with my kids, they make me read the brochure of them. So they're like, read this. And I have to like, you know like the like, like why are they have their heads down their laps? I'm like, that's, you know, if you just want to get a little extra comfortable in case you gotta land really quick. And I'm like, that's where, that's what you do to keep you from like freaking out. Like that's what happens. You're about to die and they tell you to like try to blow yourself. You ever see the picture? They're like, put your head in your lap And it's like bro, I'm just gonna go out. Ain't nobody having that damn flexible. And if you is that flexible, you suss True. That's Like what you doing. Like That's true. Yeah. If you had, that would be crazy to see somebody like think they were going down and just have their head just like right in their lap and you're like, man, Man.


Lord forbid. But something like that happened First off, I'm not getting out in no single foul. I'm pushing my way through, you know what I'm saying? And So I'm fucked up but I'm grabbing my goyard bag. Yeah. I already lost my, so basically You are gonna lose everything that you check in, right? Yeah. So that's gone. Yeah. You gotta, yeah, I gotta say something. I'm grabbing that and I'm getting the fuck. But Then you gotta go down a yellow inflatable slide. But That's if you land. But if you have something in the air, something I'm in the airplane like, like something happened, you go down the playable side. By the grace of God you blessed. Yeah, true. Because just being in the air, anything happen that's scary as shit. Yeah dude, the fucking plane gets on. Did you see that one video with a plane?


Like it was in, I think Houston? No, there was one where like months ago in Brazil. Oh damn. I don't know if it was Brazil. It's another country. And the plane, the engines lost power and it just fell like it didn't even crash. It just fell dead outta the sky. Like insane. So how'd they land Dude? They, they exploded. Oh wow. Landed it literally, it just lost power. Like if you know like you think airplane crashed, you're like, like that. This just stopped and was like boom and did like a dead spin and just fell. Dude, it was the most fucked up shit I've ever seen. But you know, I flew this weekend. I'm All right. I flew For Sure back and forth. And again, this is the best time Y'all got tightened up. You get Discounts. Well that was the fucked up thing.


'cause then both, both political sides started blaming each other. They were like, you know, Republicans were like doing the DEI stuff and then the Democrats were like, you fired the head of the F aa, the federal or whatever. But then it's like, dude, so you're telling me if one guy, you guys have a new organization where one guy leaves, everything starts to crash. It's like exactly what was he doing? All the fucking flow sticks himself. Like what the fuck you talking about? Dude Ain't even tighten up. I don't know. I feel like we might be under attack. I know. I feel like they're like, bro, this is too bro. It's more safe to ride a airplane, to draw your Hellcat down fucking sixth street. You know what I'm saying? For Sure. Yeah. I would argue. Yeah, Definitely. So all this shit happened like that. I don't know man. Just too much going on right now, you know, just I know dude.


It's, yeah, it's getting weird man. I, I'm off the porn, right? I'm actually, dude, I'm in a fasted state right now. Not, not talking about just off the porn and stuff. I'm off. I haven't eaten in two days. For real? Yeah. I'm just fasting, juicing. I'm gonna stay to Grace. No, no nothing. Just water. Little bit of coffee. Only time I can do that is gone. Adderall. Oh you can do that? Hell yeah. Two days easy. That ain't shit. You should do an Adderall fast. That'd be sick. Hell yeah. Get a lot of shit done. But Adderall, see I'm glad that you fasten out porn. Yeah, I watch so much porn when I pop Adderall. Really? I just wanna be alone for two hours. Oh, you're stem fing. It's called Stem Fing. Stem Fing. What's that? Put me on gang stem Fing is when you use stimulants and just go into a porn hole and just allow yourself to fab.


It's like Chemsex now. I mean I'm not, it's Chemsex gay guy. You know, obviously not drawing the comparison, but Cammo sex is big in the gay community where you just get like whacked on meth and it's just dudes on meth. Nah, I ain't doing that man. Just for like days straight. I'm not saying you're doing that, but Stem fing iss the hetero version of That. I don't stem nothing. I just, all this shit stemmed from the Adderall and he just wanted two off to myself. I I feel like Adderall shrivels your dick. I don't even know how Yeah, then it get complicated. 'cause then You are on all kind of rhino pills. Yeah man, I might, Hey, lemme know what You are going through. Like you, I need to fast the Adderall rhino. Dude, you're definitely stem fat by the way. If you're telling me you're entering Rhino pills in there, that's stem Fat.


No, no, that's not stem fat. It's called being 30 plus. Well, here dude, if you go off the porn, I, I was literally just thinking about this today. I've been off it, thank God. I mean it's been since like the new year, which is pretty, that's pretty good for me. 'cause I'm an, I I'm a bit of a, an avid consumer myself. But dude, when you go off of it, you, your brain really does rewire to the point where you're like, you can just like smell a lady's perfume and you're like, holy shit. Like when you were a kid. True, true, true. You get back to that. 'cause I really think like porn has, I feel like it's made all of us more gay. Like I'm not saying everyone's gay, but I'm saying like, here's the thing, if you walk by and you see a lady's shoulders and you get kind of chugged up, you're definitely less gay than a guy who doesn't get chugged up from seeing a lady's shoulders.


You know what I'm saying? So if you're watching porn, you're just slowly, you're still hetero. Yeah, no, you're drifting. I get what you're saying. This damn damn flapping ain't got nothing to do with me. Cap. I don't know. I don't like this. You're Not back. You're Not back. But nah, I know what you mean. Like, oh nah, she has be bent over showing that. Like that's What I'm Saying. You know what I'm saying? For you to get hard with whether you can just see something and It's, it's a vicious cycle dude. Like the only fans. 'cause then the women now are just contorting themselves into like artificial If the women, it's these new camera filters. Yeah, true. And it's fucking, when Twitter turned the exit was over with god damn Twitter and like that's where I'm at. Like my Twitter space, I'd be like, okay, I'm trying to do something positive. Let me go look at some sneakers. Shit. Look at some clothes up.


It's a yellow mama, green eyes finger in herself. Yep. I know. Oh, it is a one giving head. Oh, she's actually kind of good. You gotta say you're not interested. Well she, she ain't Houston Not interested. You gotta go. Not interested. No Thank You Elon. And I'm telling you, dude, it's, it makes a, to me it's a huge difference for me man. Just getting off that shit altogether. Nah, for sure. Because then it's like, dude, women now are look like fucking artificial beings. Like Right. They're chasing an ideal that's just like completely artificial and they're shredding themselves into oblivion, Man. Like certain of the most beautiful women, they go get all these surgeries and I don't want to offend nobody say nothing. It's just live blah. No, no, no. We can edit whatever, cut It. But they go then they do all that work. Just start looking like, wow.


Wow. Wes, that's a good point. It's like, damn, it's a fair point. They're getting more gay. The women are getting more gay guys Are getting more gay. They been gay. True. They been, Every woman got an ounce of gay in them. You know what I'm saying? I mean, women tell me that or like all of 'em are little bi. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? For sure. But with that, it's like they doing it to oppress they self. 'cause all that, I still like natural bodies. Every female don't gotta have the fattiest ass for sure. You know what I'm saying? I still like little shit like freckles, the normal shit. You know what I'm saying? I like normal hips and shit. But then they go get them hard ass titties ladies. You know how hard it is to have sex them hard ass shit. I'm a nigga. I'm a layer. So I like to lay on you and shit like that. Then I'm already kind of big, so I'm feeling them down rocks into my titties and then your titties. I'm like, god damn. They're pour into you. They're just fucking digging into your body.


Right. But they look good though. You know, some ladies like, you know, man, whatever build your self-esteem, you wanna do that shit. I'm all for it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But they're not building their self-esteem. They have fucking, they're getting like, they're, they're shooting. I think Botox is like snake venom. Yeah. It relaxes your like nervous system, your muscles in Your face. I was just saying that song don't get canceled. Nah dude. They're not, they need to hear it. They need to hear it, dude. I mean, I'm, I'm not like trying to be like a big hard ass like, fucking ladies listen up. But it's like, dude, if you think about it, like we've, I mean dude, we've got, there was, if, if you read, if you ever listened to like the Brave New World or read it Outis Huxley's like one, like a book about the future. He had this big thing where it was like we've traded like real interpersonal communications for, he called it the pneumatic idea, which is like women specifically are like the women of the future.


He predicted would just be like pumped full of air to give her a pleasing appearance. But then men would fall in love with this thing that's essentially hollow and worthless. It's kind of fucked up. Yeah. But if you think about it, dude, it's like, so you have women. If you think about women and only fans, it's like, All right, we can do only fans. We can make millions of dollars, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's like, dude, and I'm not saying this to be a dickhead, I'm, this is, I think scientific fact, they'd be happier to have a kid. Right? It's like you could just put up like neurological brain scans and say, All right, what do you, what, what is there more neuro, you know, like serotonin and like dopamine, right? Right. You can measure the chemicals which are flowing more when you're holding your child. Or if you're stiff, like putting like marbles up your asshole on a camera.


Hands down dude. It's like not even close. It's not even close. So it's like, yeah dude, but then, you know, it's, it's like, but then if you can make millions of dollars as everyone's fing to it, it's like For Sure, you know, I've done, dude, I'm, I'm an avid f dude and I've been trying, I've been off, thank God. 'cause once you have kids, you have to stop Man, my daughter, you have to stop. My daughter made me stop plus my baby mama. It was just to the point where like it was fucking up our relationship porn watching that shit. You know what I'm saying? Did you Ever get caught? I just get caught jacking off and try to play sleep. Like what the hell you doing? Or like, she had walk out, try to play sleep. But then I got my third leg standing up. So the coverages, It sucks when they catch you, dude.


The craziest part was when my mama first called me, I tried to play sleep and she snatched the cover back. Oh. And then like she go to bathroom body works and she got a, it was called Cherry Blossom. So the whole room smelled like cherry blossom. I'm like fuck. I know the exact scent, But like once you got to a certain age, 'cause I got cousin named Big Steve. And since I got caught jacking off, you know you with the boys, they gonna always tease you. Then once everybody turned 30, they all admit it. Nigga we all do it. We men we all do it. We just come to you 'cause you got caught fool and shit like that. So Who did you get caught by? I got caught by my mama. I got caught by my brother before. Damn. I got caught by one of my older assistants. My, my newer and I got caught.


Sucks, dude. Yeah man, you gotta be bitter. I got caught so many times, dude. It's, it's embarrassing. It sucks for so, and you, there's no way. I just got caught this weekend. There's no way I snuck off to the shower in the morning. I thought it was safe. I was like, I'm not gonna bother you. And then she was like, what you doing in there? And I was like, same thing standing in the shower. No too, they be annoying. And then that's what fucked up. I'm like, just come running. Shut the Fuck up. I was trying to, that's my thing. I'm trying to be nice 'cause I'm not trying to bother you. I'm like, All right. I, I'm like, let's just get outta here. We gonna fly today. I'm gonna rub run out real quick. We'll we'll get on the plane. Just what are you doing? And I was like, stand in the shower with a boner. Like no, I just woke up. It's natural, right? And she was like, I saw what you were doing. And I was like, no you didn't. And then like, you know, then I'm caught lying.


I'm like, God damnit. And I'm like, yes. I, I Was, why did they try to make us feel so fucking bad? I feel like the worst person on earth. But that's the thing too. I feel like a lot of the shame is like just self-possessed. 'cause she's like, yeah, if you wanna do it, go ahead. I don't mind. She's like, I and I was just like, oh shit. So I kind of spun it into some, you know, freaky morning stuff. But it was like, Sometimes they do. Yeah, I, I spun it. It depends on they, you know what I'm saying? How they coming? But We had our own little like, what was it called? The Young king party. What's that? Oh sorry. It was did, it was like the latest Diddy thing. He wasn't having free golf. They were young king party. I'm, I'm sorry I just Young king nights or something. It was called, I ain't Gonna lie, I used to go to Diddy's son parties. Did you really?


Yeah. I never seen that shit. But I never go upstairs. I know like I'm at a parties at my house. I'm here, I'm thugging. But I went to a Halloween party one time and I ain't know they was Diddy inside the it co costume. He walking around and shit. But I never seen that kind of like I come in, me and my niggas this back before I was on liquor, now I drink liquor party. I was on lean. So I, so I'm in there like weak ass Robert, come on y'all, let's go. Shit like that. You know what I'm saying? I ain't never seen that shit. Well yeah I heard this was like a Yeah, he the fuck knows anything about it but this, So I watched Did you ever watch Soft White Underbelly? I love that. I I love that fucking show dude. For sure. Yeah. Had, there was a lady who said she was there and it was much more like organized 'cause it was like she was outside, according to her she was outside.


There was like an outside of the party. Then there's like the inside and it's like back and forth and there's like security and she says she was let into the inside and that's why a lot of people were there. But there were like, I don't really see anything 'cause there's like a kind of like a party within the party that like Right. Is kind of selective. And they have people, someone reached out to her and was like, we want you to come in. And then she came in and she was like, I just saw some pretty wild shit and was like just took off. Yeah. I ain't You, but it's a shame that happened. 'cause now everyone's on ain't Know who to select. They ain't gonna select me for no shit like that. Well everyone's on high guard now 'cause it's like, it just sucks. It's like everyone, it was like the Epstein thing when Epstein got in trouble. Everyone was like, you motherfuckers are all child molesters. And it's like, bro, I I promise you I didn't do that. Yeah. So Yeah, it's tough.


But the young King night is, I mean from a branding perspective, I just a brand, it's such a funny thing to call, you know, whatever the fuck he was doing. Niggas can't even have party nights no more and shit like that. Like it's gotta be board games now. Dude, I just go to the club. That's what I call it. The booty club. Yeah. So I, I was actually curious about that. What's the etiquette? So say like you're in the club, right? Right there, there's like girls around and stuff. Do people like, do you ever like fart in the club or do you try to like keep that to a minimum? I mean shit, if I do, I do a real subtle and I make it a poop and I move around a lot of people So I can blame somebody else. You know what I'm saying? But it depends. Like if Lord, I can steal right there. I'm like yeah bitch. That's why I farted.


You know what I'm saying? Something cause they my boys. But like around one the stripper, I'm like, Hey, that's you. Yeah. Get out there. Get up band. How often does that happen to somebody? Just like crush a club with a hard fart? I don't, I don't know. I don't know what made you ask me that? What thing? But you're talking about the club and I was curious about What Yeah, you be like farting. That's crazy. But I don't know that, See what I'm saying? I don't know everybody else booty doing, but I know that I might pull a couple of times throughout the night. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I just, I've never heard a rapper me hear all like something about the club. I never heard anyone mention farting in the club. Fart in the club. I know it happens, Man. The most male You are gonna smell in a strip club is a female with female with bad pH. Yeah, True. That that is a different, that's probably a battle of, And then it's so fucked up. I could tell like certain phs like okay, that smell like salmon.


I don't know what she would, then you smell another one. Like okay, no, she's in a relationship. Whoever she fucking with keeps nothing in her and throwing off her pH. It's different smells to the pH. Oh you remember like she coming off for a period, Yo man. Yeah. That makes, that's crazy. You're getting this close up on 'em. The Yeah, there is. There's the the Bro. Come on. You know sometimes they throwing that ass in your face. I shooting a video. That's True. No, that's true. That's actually fucking awesome by the way, Man. I know a nigga that was in the strip club. He got this close, he got pink eye. What? Pink eye. The next day There's a strip club in Philly if you're ever there. I actually don't even recommend you go there. But It is on the nor the northwest side. No, this isn't like South Philly.


It's called Show and tell. Oh no. But they would have, what was the one you were talking about? Hey, what's the name of that strip club? Huh? Set it off. Set it off? No, I don't know about set it off. I've never been but show and tell was BY you bring your own beer and you would go, you can go there. You know when you're like 18, whatever. Right. And they used to, when I was younger they had live dildo shows where they would have women on stage and dude these were like, these were clearly like addicted to heroin. These were like junkies on stage, like fucking bandaids on their butt. Like it was bad. And they would just fucking like dildo each other and then they would like reach it into the crowd and the dudes would be like, whoa, like dipping away. Like get that the fucking So y'all doing, y'all doing C out here.


We just got, they'd be like bad bitches. Yeah. White, black, Puerto Rican, like all like, you know what I'm saying? The bad ones, someone got their body done. But Texas, it's a lot of thick women. We having a lot of thick shit out there. Yeah. So like that's what our strip club be on the east coast. Y'all strippers be ugly. Y'all on bartenders be the shit like it's true. Like y'all bartenders So much better. Like the gun, like gun wounds, stab wounds, all that kind of shit. And then after they gonna get money missing tooth. Meanwhile the bartender got 30 tricks. She probably making 30 KA night. Like Bernice Bergo said. You know what I'm saying? Because they, it is money in New York. It's money in Philly. Yeah. Like when them niggas trick, they trick hard. So the bartenders living luxury in the strippers really broke.


But in Houston it's opposite. Really? Hell Yeah. Stripper. You should be though. The bartender should be kind of like busted and the strippers should be better. I mean they make it, but our bartender's not better than the strippers. That's a weird thing I never thought about. 'cause the, the bartenders always like, Why they do that? I don't Know man. I don't know. 'cause but I, I think what they usually do is I, I what I've heard is they can kind of entice a woman into the bartending position. Like no you're just a bartender. Then slowly try to get her up on stage. But nah, it's like, you know if you go to starlets, if you go to like Atlantis like in New York or like in Philly, I forgot that one strip club in Philly, like the bartenders is where it's at. I know, I've seen I've, I've, trust me, I've definitely seen this. You're Talking about like, like that's like the prime thing.


I'm like that's just weird 'cause they not the ones shaking ass. Yeah they not like they do a little something something but they just like, you know, held on the pt. They be bad too though. They be some bad, I ain't gonna lie. East Coast got some badass bartenders. Yeah I might, you know, I, I've been kind of like hot for a, like a charitable cause I might go back to Philly and try to get like to thicken the strippers up. Yeah. That could be my charity. Yeah, for sure. Feed 'em properly. Raise awareness. 'cause there's dude, there's some like really scraggly Ready cap. True. Get them right. There's some really scraggly like dude there was, it's pretty pretty, I used to deliver beer and I would go deliver beer to the strip clubs and like I would go in there like 12, you know like noon, just dropping cases of beer off and you would see the dudes in there at did you ever go like in the afternoon time?


Which I have done myself. Man. That's true. Damn me. Look, I ain't that horny. I ain't, Dude, it's nice you sit there and talk. You can like talk to them for Quiet but not that's more, but like you know I'm black, you white. Even though you black, you still white. So like at the same time it's like y'all want to go because look this how, All right look this how a black man cheat on they wife or like cheat. You know what I'm saying? Now I saying you don't do that. He's a very good man. My boy don't do that. But I'm sure just busting down how we do it, boy, how people do it. Black man. Yeah baby. I'm gonna be out with the boys. I got studio all night. Ooh woo woo. It's gonna be some real nighttime shit. Yeah. So we some nighttime, very sneaky club. Woo woo. The white man, white collar man. They work and go like just whenever like them paralegal niggas are like lawyers and niggas with money like the white collar crime or like just the like that type.


So lunches at noon right? Yeah. They go fuck the men's club up. They been there with, they suits all that shit to God drinking beer and they tipping big ass money fucking up they mortgage salaries but they gonna get it back on these strippers during the day. So that's what the white man do's. True. He not go to the strip club doing. 'cause like, you know, I know a lot of strippers, like they be telling me that they make more money during the day shift than the night shift. Or they might work at like St. James which is like kind of a cabaret where like why do white men want to talk at the strip club? Y'all always wanna grab a stripper and talk to him. Dude, I love, so they grab Wayne because then look they be like conversation ruled the nation. So if the girl got good conversation, she could break him for more money. Niggas want to go stand on the couch and hit in the head with money, throw it up, shoot a music video with it.


Like, you know what I'm saying? There's different etiquettes. True. There is. So that's why you like going to the strip club. I love the daytime. During afternoon they get too active at nighttime during the day you can talk to 'em at nighttime. It's like the flip switches and they're just too like For sure You can really talk to them. And it's also like I, I used to love to like just ask him like what's like the craziest shit? Like what's like the weirdest request you've ever had. Just outta personal curiosity. And dude I've, it's pretty jarring. Have you ever gotten into that with him? Hell yeah. Like I know one girl, it ain't that bad but like a nigga be giving her like 4,000 a video just to sneeze. What? That's pretty fucking Weird. Really Sneeze. Like the sneeze and different, like one time he said walk in the room, turn around and sneeze.


Gave her like 3,500. What for a video? She wasn't even naked or nothing. Everybody, I don't know. People having different fetishes and shit like Yeah, I talked to one lady one time who said that she got I think like two grand or a thousand bucks for a guy would or she, she would have her and her friends like pee in like a bar glass and he would, they'd have to watch, he would drink their pee at the bar and to give them like two grand. That is, yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, it's pretty tight. I mean it's, it's cool to be that. Fuck. It's crazy. Would You do That? No dude. Hell no. Just for health reasons I wouldn't drink drinking Pinches crazy. Stripper Pee would get you fucked up though. If you drank stripper pea you would probably get kind of fucked up.


But you know, it's crazy. A lot of girls like to be peed on. Really? Hell yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah, I just learned that They like It. They like that shit shower Or where Do You Know? They like this new like, like this new little wave of women like 25 and shit like that. They like that and they like to eat ass Damn free. R Kelly. Yeah, I don't, yeah, Way ahead of his time. A man ahead of his time. A sexual pioneer, You know what I'm saying? And they like to eat ass like that shit is crazy. Like Yeah I've heard they ass Ask me. I'm like what the fuck? Yeah. Hell nah. I don't know how to feel. Then think about it. How do I position myself? I I dude there's No, I feel like a man, there's No good way to do it. After getting your Ass aid squat, you could squat over her Man.


Come on man. No. Now I feel like I'm getting hit like Yeah, Yeah. I mean that's what I'm saying. And then like, I'm a man So I hang. I have a limb. You eating my ass. Now I feel like you eating my pussy or something. I feel like a bitch. Like Yeah this is what's happening. The girl, the girls are trying to capture men by reflecting what they're seeing in pornography and everyone's getting increasingly more, which it's one of those things where people aren't even gonna care about gay stuff in 40 years anyway. I mean I You can't be dying on a hill. That Doesn't matter. I don't got no problem with no gay people. Nothing. For sure. And plus there's nothing gay that you could do with with a woman. That's what I'm saying. There be some shit crazy. Like one time I was having sex with my baby mother, she looked at my nipple and I was like, oh what the fuck was that? That's undeniable that shit.


I was like, what is it? Do I like this? Definitely Everyone does. You can't argue with that. It's unbelievable. That's like, that's my go-to personally where Yeah If I'm on top I'll, I'll be like, come on, I need you, I need you. Oh I'm not gonna know what she, You don't need rhinos dude. You just need her to latch on there dude. You're fucking It. Just be the Adderall then like look this the thing 'cause Adderall I gonna have you all gummy worm, you feel me? You gonna be hella gummy worm. But after that whole kick back out and that rhinos still in you, you gonna be in there like true knocking over shit like, you know what I'm saying? So Here's the thing though, if with the rhinos don't you worry like you know you're gonna start, it becomes like something you need every time.


Hell nah. 'cause see me now that I'm drug free. You know what I'm saying? I don't do nothing no more. Oh yeah, yeah. I'm prescribed Adderall though. Nice. Like I know how to take it in dosage. Like you don't go by the biggest one. Yeah. And just hell no. Like that shit gonna hurt. Yeah. Now you gonna be on heart. So bad as you hurt, you take it, you open the cap, you put a little bit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Hit on the gums, hitting your tongue or something. Hit like with like a little water or something just to get you a little. Yeah. Not all the way like that. You don't need that much help But you might, it it is like lifting weights. Yeah. You got it. But you might need that little, little boost to get it. But you don't need somebody, somebody to lift the whole thing for you. Do you drink coffee or just like you like to You? Are you talking about those little time release balls or you like the Powder?


Nah, so Rhino got like a little, it look like a five hour inch. Oh you're saying with the Rhino you take a little little powder. Oh hell yeah. I thought you were taking, I thought you were saying cracking Adderall capsules and I mean I do that too. Yeah, that's how I take it. 'cause well really Banse. Yeah, because Ban is more cleaner and it's kind of be like stronger and it's time release. So I might put a little bit right there. You hear like that Damn, Somebody told me Maxo, you do Adderall, just do coke man. They were like, bro, Coke is like Adderall's big cousin. I'm like bro, hell now It's kind of a brilliant way to put it. But yeah, that's Because if you snort a line you'll smoke a dime. True. And it's also the fentanyl, dude. Fentanyl. That's another reason. See back when I was doing pills and shit like that as like, like the drug rap era like that I came up in and shit like that wasn't no Fentanyl and Xanax and shit like that.


You know what I'm saying? And like, don't get me wrong, I thought Xanax was the dumbest drug. I was like why the fuck did I do that shit back in the day? So stupid. Then I used to pop perks. Perks wasn't that bad A perk 10 is not that bad. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But when they on Roxies Oxy and that shit got the thing in it, it's the worst shit you ever seen. It was like, why do you wanna be a zombie slumped over? That's how you get robbed. Beat up, taken advantage of. Or like you gonna wake up in jail. Yeah, well the problem, the perks lead to the Roxy Oxys and all that stuff. That's a problem because I knew dudes that would take like 30 in a weekend. It's like, bro. Yeah, I was never there. But see I took 'em like in the weekend, probably 10, but I never got hooked. Like I don't got like a, a addicting personality like that.


Like I used to sibling lean like a motherfucker. Yeah. All that. I do not got a sibling. Like I been okay. I si like two months ago when it was a cup red treat, you know what I'm saying? Like All right, I'm from Houston. So that's how I culture. Let's say on my brother death day we gonna toast a cup. Yeah. Oh it's Christmas. We got all the kids toys and shit. All the men outside. We toasting the cup. Yeah. Like that. You know what I'm saying? But I don't have to go buy a paint every day sip and shit like that. Like my dad never had addicted personality and my shit not addicted like that. Like I could stop cold Turkey when I want. Yeah. I'm, I'm the same way. I, I've tried, I've tried Percocets, all this stuff. I didn't really care for 'em. I was always like right, it's a waste of money. I'm not wasting money on 'em. But the, I got one time my sister had bronchitis I think.


So they gave her the promethazine like a bottle of it and me and my brother were, it was like the day before Thanksgiving, whatever, I forget, I think it was the day before Easter. So like we were all home at my parents' house. We went to a bar, we got drunk the night before and then we come back and we're in the bathroom and I opened the little drug, like the drug cabinet. I showed up, my brother's hammered and I wa I wasn't that drunk but I was like he was shitfaced and I grabbed the bottle of promethazine. I just untwisted it. But I put my tongue over the cap and I pretended like I was chugging like a bunch of it. And he's like, gimme that shit I'll do right now. He chucked like a good amount of it. Damn. And he woke up the next day with a hangover and also just like fucked up from that shit. He literally all day, bro, we were in church, he was just sitting there like this like yeah.


All fucked up. Like what did he drink Last night? Because at Promethazine it's gonna hit you hard than lean 'cause like the codeine and shit, it help you lean The promethazine put you straight down. Yeah. Then I only that I remember so when I, so my transition to drinking liquor, I was still on lean. So I slept, leaned during the day go out. I mean LA we partying, hard drinking liquor. Then I remember it was a month where everything I ate I throw up. I thought I had a stomach bug. But no, I was sipping leaning lick the same day. Oh dude. Yeah. It fucks you up. Yeah. Thank God I don't do that no more. Yeah. 'cause especially did you like pass out? Did you get like real tired or you like, 'cause I know anyone I knew who was on a lot of pills, you go out and have one drink with them. They were like, The thing is pills. Like by that time I was like, I wasn't really take doing pills like that.


It was more just lean. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Lean the liquor. But shit, I was sipping so hard. Like my tolerance was higher than the motherfucker. Yeah. I was really like, I used to sip like six lines, like four lines day I was down to a deuce a day. So you know what I'm saying? It wasn't that damn bad. But now if like I sit one line I pack, I'd be sleeping the whole day. And That's an ounce right? Yeah. A line is an ounce. So Six is a lot. Yeah, Six lines. My, my friend drank four and crashed his car into a hill. I tr we tried to sell, we've tried to sell from, it was probably all like watered down. But we like got magazine tried to sell it in the suburbs. And I remember being like, All right dude, hide, this is your house. I'll be back for it. You just drank the whole thing crashed over hill. I was like dude Tripping face Sucks Dude. But now I dropping a four. But like that's what they did.


They take a 20 ounce drop, a four. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Then you know when your drink muddy 'cause you dropping the lean and they change the temperature. Like the drink night cold no more because you put so much mud in there, you know what I'm saying? So Mud is the lean. Mud is lean. So look, let me give you, let me run down all the slang for you because I'm pretty sure we bought like Karo syrup. I think we got ripped off. I think that's what they, they said you gotta watch for people. People. So they gonna call it mud. They gonna call it oil. They gonna call it drink? Yeah. Shit. What else they call it Texas T. Okay. Punch Like a nigga call you be like, hey y'all got some punch over there. Y'all got some Texas tea. Something like that. Like that's what they called it. But isn't there diff there's like yellow, red and Purple. So lemme tell you.


So red that I know was for high tech red. So I think they got bought off by Acorn and they start producing it like that. That was the red. I love red. Red came right after activists. Mm. So it was activists like when I started sipping it was activists. I know like the older niggas from like SUC Houston all slim up pow wall them they was sipping bar back in the day. Bar end activists is the best tasting lean of all time. You know what I'm saying? It Does taste pretty good. Hell yeah. Then at the high tech it was walk hard. RIP the walk hard. People still going crazy over walk all the young niggas. But they never really had act. They really never sipped that shit. So they don't really know how that shit coming. But that's how you do it. But the strongest lean is, it's called tx.


That's the yellow? Yeah, that's the snap. You know what I'm saying? Ooh that shit. So like one line of that is like a three of purple. Really? Hell yeah. Then you got green lean. So green lean don't got codeine in it. It's just promethazine. And then they do got one that got codeine. It's called cico. But green lean is what is what? Like the hood niggas drink. That's like the Reggie Really Like, yeah like yeah. Yeah. So it's just the bullshit. Yeah. Hell yeah. But it knock you down. It puts you out. Yeah. Okay. But you gotta be careful with that. 'cause niggas putting fentanyl in that. They putting fentanyl in everything. I know. I could have sworn somebody, I Ibotta some weed when somebody got so high. I'm like I ain't fucking with them. Well You know what they're doing with weed too is they're taking, you know like K two and Spice and all that?


Yeah. Yeah. They're just taking the synthetic like adenoids and just like they, it's like THC and they just make it in a lab and it's like one molecule off. So it's like technically legal. Right. And they just spray it on like shit weed and they're, they're doing that now to People. It's fucking ccb. DT HC seven Delta eight. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of fucked up. And now Le weed's legal dude, like it's Now not, not in Texas. Yes It is. 'cause here's the thing they're doing Delta nine, so, so with weed, you know it's like Delta nine, THC. That's the illegal substance. You know how you have to, when you make brownies, you have to heat weed up Right. To get that, that like that whatever Carbox, they call it the carboxylated, you gotta heat it up to like make it active. And all you're doing is, so weed naturally is THC dash A.


It's a carbon molecule. Right. When you heat it up, you remove the carbon molecule and then you can like eat it and get high from it. Right. So they're just testing weed as is as THCA. Yeah. And saying it's hemp. Hell yeah. It's totally legal. You can get it shipped. And then In Texas too, I got my own brand. But that's how you y'all do it. You gotta say cannabis. Yes. What'd you say? Cannabis. That's just legal and Trump made that shit. I don't know. Look it up. What's your, What's your brand? It's called Texas T. That's Oh, I see you get it like the lean. Yeah. But it is, that's awesome. You know what I'm saying? The serve. So yeah. But, and then my overall brand is called Persona pack. Nice. You know what I'm saying? But even with like the weeds, shit. Like just how you go to the strip club during the day? Yeah, I go at night. You're a white man. They're gonna press me regardless.


You gotta think I beat a Rico case like John, John got, I got caught with 2000 pounds, you know what I'm saying? Damn. 500 K money laundry. That was before I signed my deal. You know what I'm saying? So that reputation, How many pounds You got? 2000. So they were watching us, they said 2000 pounds. A ton? Hell yeah. Literally A ton. You got caught with a ton of Hell yeah. That's crazy. What? How you could lift that shit up? How'd you, how'd you beat it? How do you even Shit first you I go hire Ken Shafer Avon done. You know what I'm saying? He text the fuck outta my young ass. I had to get him a honey. KI was hurt. Ah, I was hurt. But yeah, so hire him. Don't get in no more trouble. Yeah. Let that shit fight out and then let TACA and Delta nine come into play around 2020.


Know your damn case. Go on tour, go on the run, come back, go to jail for a month. Walk in front of the judge. Dismiss. That's, That's awesome Man. Hell yeah. Congrats. They offered me eight years. What? Off the up. So I was like damn, I ain't take that shit. Yeah, fuck that for weed bro. Yeah, for weed. Yeah. You got white men out here making billions off the sheet and you worried about little old me. Yeah, It's ridiculous dude. I had a, I had a guy on who was, he got caught selling. He's a white dude. He got caught selling LSD in 92. Right. Dude, He got caught with, he didn't even get, he didn't get caught with anything personally. It was just all, he was sending Western unions and they like traced it back to him. Right. Dude, they wanted to give him like 35, 30 years I think for like maybe a couple sheets of acid, like something crazy.


So they're like, but the weed, they were really killing people. And now it's like nobody wants to be, the last prosecutor happened to Kamlish. She was fucking crushing people on like bullshit weed charges. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Landscape shift. And now it's like, remember you throw those people in jail and it fucking killed her. So I don't think they, I don't think judges, if they have political, like they wanna rise in the political world. Want to be the last guy because That's crazy. Like y'all really stopping family weed, bro. Listen, this is one thing about weed Lean. Yes. I might fight you over that shit. Like, you know what I'm saying, get mad perks. Yes. It fuck with you. It's people that back in the day in the streets that we probably seen each other shy out fought, but we met over a blunt of weed and became best friends for life.


Yeah. Or they find like, bro weed is so cool that once I start smoking weed with people and shit, meeting new people, networking. It's like a spiritual bond pause. But it's like, it is something about smoking a blunt with somebody. Like it is so real. Yeah. It is so, so real about sharing a blunt like, you know what I'm saying? It ain't, it ain't like we smoking roxies together or some shit or heroin, you feel me? But I heard in Portland you could walk around with like an eighth of heroin, an eighth of cocaine and I go to jail. Yeah. I think they, I think they did that there. I don't, I don't know how it's gonna work. I mean Hopefully no, they been doing that. Yeah. You know I totally Decriminalized So I was on tour. Every time I go to tour they say that shit. I'm like that's crazy. I don't wanna get too political.


But I know why they do that. Why? Because ain't that many motherfucking black people in Portland. And then most of the people they use it, they be yo your color and shit. They be like drugged out but they be functional as fuck. That's kind of nuts. They be having a family like they be running shit. They functional as fuck. You know what I'm saying? So they probably let that shit start up there. Houston, they not get caught with no dog food. We better not get caught with no cocaine. Yeah, You go To jail mandatory minimum. Yeah. Hell yeah. You gonna go to jail for sure. Yeah. Philly's like that though. Philly, they like to criminalize weed. But yeah, if you get caught with heroin or coke maybe. I don't know. We had, we had that guy who was just like letting everything go for a while but I don't think it really worked that well. Yeah, for sure. They didn't even let weed be all the way you go to Texas. I don't know why they doing all that.


It's Coming. You got all these people from California moving people are from California with a bunch of money are moving here and they're gonna be like, bro, knock it off. But now you can have like, like I guess Austin, they don't really care. You Have like a zip. See Austin, see you in Austin. Yeah. Austin don't give a flying. Fuck Yeah, they don't care. Like this is like the most coolest spot in Texas. Like on like some chill hippie vibe. Shit. I love the shows in Austin. I love how the fans react. They gonna buy the fuck out some merch. Like they support. For real. Yeah. But yeah, I, I heard if you leave Austin in another part of Texas you can get like locked up for a vape cartridge man. Oh that's a, yeah, no, that's a feeling. You get caught with a vape cartridge in Houston. That's a controlled substance. So that's like having crack cocaine. That's like having perks.


That's like having that Damn, that's crazy. Hell Yeah. Like kids like y'all at school. That marijuana vape cartridge. Y'all really fucking up your, it is not even like getting caught with no goddamn, it's not even like getting caught with a gun or weed in Texas. You get caught with a gun, it's whatever. You know what I'm saying? That's Crazy. Like, That's like class B misdemeanor. Yeah. Even if You are underage, you know what I'm saying? You get caught with that controlled suck. All right. Look, you know a lot about weed. You gotta get the butane out of it to make the rides and all that shit. You gotta manufacture it the weed, you know what I'm saying? So once you're doing that, it's a controlled substance. It is no longer just an herb. Oh. 'cause yeah. You like process it, You know what I'm saying? Hell yeah. So you process it. So that's how they charged that Jesus Christ. Yeah. I remember talking to someone who like got pulled over and was like, yeah, I was in jail for vape cartridge.


I was like, what was in Philly? They, they really don't care. In Philly you can get caught with even like years ago. I I I feel like they they would really get you in the early two thousands. But in Philly today, if you got caught with five pounds of weed, you, I don't know if you'd even go to jail, Man. I'd be hearing people getting pulled over in Houston. Five pounds, 20 pounds. They just taking it or like not giving a fuck That shit would how my heart. Just because of what I went through and like bro, they had me on the news, they made it seem like I was just El Chapo, which I probably was on the weed shit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But you thought S a lot man. Yeah, but it's not All right. I'm not robbing nobody. No, I wasn't harming nobody and everybody that came to me wanted this drug. Yeah. That's legal at 90% of the goddamn damn state. I know. It's kind of bullshit.


You kind of got into the right that was like the perfect timing man. Five years ago you would've been five years before that. They, they probably would, would've booked you like completely. Nah, for sure. It it, bro, it's still niggas doing time bro. When I had to just go and do that, like that little month to get off the shit to beat it, it was nigga in there, nigga had 18 days for nine Doobies. What? Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. I would've, I would've resisted and been mad as fuck and acting a fool like got me fucked up. How up for joint sucks. Yeah. Texas is way behind. I feel like everywhere, anywhere else in the country like flying you can fly with weed. They don't give a fuck At all. They don't give a, they don't damn At all. They don't give a damn carry on all that. Do that shit in Houston. Yeah. I never fly out the airport with weed.


I don't care if it's one blunt I'm gonna smoke it in the car while I get out. Yeah, yeah. I'd be like, hell nah. I've been, I push it to the, I I've chilled 'cause I talked about It Publicly. I've been pushing, I, I go to Denver and come back. It's like Right. I'll fly with a couple ounces and just, you know Right. Pucker up my butt hole if through security and just fucking go through it. But they, they don't care. Dude. I've had a guy one time 'cause I like, sometimes I'll fly with my kids and like bring, like, I brought like a jar of peanut butter home one time. Right. And they were like, they moved literally weed out of the way and were like, what's this the peanut butter? And they're like, you can't be bringing this. And I was just like, Hey man, take the peanut No liquids. They'll go, they'll go through your bag. All that shit. I, I bring 'em mouthwash. They go through my bag, you know what I'm saying? Shit like that. So Yeah. I had one guy one time give me shit when I was leaving with, I had just a pack of like pre-roll joints and he was like, what are you, why are you hiding these?


And I'm like, I'm not hiding 'em. I was like, I just put 'em in. I put 'em in a thing so they didn't smell 'cause I don't wanna ruin on the airplane. He's like, well it's not that you have 'em, it's that you're hiding them from me. And I'm like, I don't give a fuck that you have them man. I was like, if you go to take Them, take them safe tripping. I'm like, dude, how do I say this? See y'all be worrying about bums on the plane. Yeah. Worry about some other shit, dude. Like, I look bro, I don't even like heights. I ain't about to do nothing to the plane. Do not harass me. Leave me alone. And my jewelry always go off. That's a good point. Like, dude, I'm scared of heights. I Like, I'm like bro, then my jewelry always go off. Then I get so fucking mad. 'cause now they going through my shit. They handle shit. They grab Your dick too dude. They're gonna, you have to go through the thing. Yes bro. Then, but see I learned how to do it now.


I go in, pull my pants all the way the fuck up. I don't wear jeans, buttons, nothing's gonna go off nothing. I wear Nike tech suit. Yeah. Pull my shit all the way up. Like god damn. Like I for sure got a wi you pull that motherfucker up, hands up. 'cause they always choose the weirdest dude to like, then they try to run it down. You wanna do it here or a private realm? Go like this. Down the back? Yeah, down the middle. Woo. But you got some, some, some dudes they be cool. They don't just really be trying to do it like that. For sure. Yeah. Some nigga make sure they go down your ass. We Have a friend dude. Dude, our friend Nate, I don't know what it is he was with, he was with Shane the one time. They like absolutely molested him. Then he was with me the one time and I turned around and like, dude, they were just like all over this guy.


And it, it's, it keeps happening to him. Yeah, It sucks man. He Gotta switch it up. It's something he's gotta pull his fucking pants up. I'm gonna tell hug your fucking pants. Although his, his pants are pretty hype, so that's a good, why do you think pulling your pants up helps? I don't know. But if, if I don't, it always goes red right there. Like right. Like with my dick at, I'm like, what the, I'm like, who fucking with me in here? Who somebody's fucking with me for? Something happened to Shannon Sharpie said they, they thought his dick was something other than a dick. And they were like, he spazzed out. I've went home like, y'all kissed my ass. Hey, nah, I'm gonna have the fool in here now. Shit. I'd be glad for them to be like, what the fuck is that? They, they know I'm walking. They're going, yeah, they don't even make me walk through the metal detectors. They're like, man, just go ahead little guy.


You are All right, let's Go. You wanna, you wanna go with the pilot? I go, yeah, thanks man. No, they gimme the little pilot wings and smack me on the butt and they go get on the plane little jack. Damn. So you can get caught with a gun in Texas and it's not as much trouble as It ain't shit Real. Even if it's like a modified No, I, I don't went to jail with my gun and got out. They gave it back to me. But they ain't even about the bullets. What? But it was late. You was licensed though? You had it in your name? Hell No. What I just carrying, like just carrying it. Damn. They give it back? Hell yeah. Kind Of chill. Why'd they give it back do you think? 'cause in Philly they fucking crush you for guns. We got open carry. Oh, you gotta think. And it's really been open carry, you feel me?


So like the only time they had trip, it depends what, what territory You are in. Let's say if I'm on this and that, depending on the cop, they'll be like, oh, he's a gang member. I'm gonna take you to jail for this class B misdemeanor. 'cause You are a gang member. Yeah. But now I had so much success, the police be pulling me over to take pictures. That's cool. Like, Hey Maxo, you don't got no registration. You wanna take a picture. So this for my kid, I just gotta Tell you then like Ibotta track Hawk, that's the most stolen car. Like, like Hellcats and track hawks, demons and shit. So they'll pull me over, make sure it's not stolen. They realize who I am and take a picture and be like, if we ever see this car stolen, we gonna get it back for you. That's Nice. Hell yeah. That's the first time they on my side. How do you feel about that?


Nah, them cars get stolen every day. Like do they really? I saying how do you, how do you feel about them being on your side? I'm saying Because they're not on my side with the ears on my side. But then I realize I'm 34. Some of these kids are my age. Some of 'em younger than me. Some of 'em love my music. Yeah. So it be, it'd be give and take. Yeah. Dude, I'll, I'm, I'm, dude, my, I never like growing up my family, we didn't really have any cops. My mom's cousin was a, a detective, but really we had zero mostly. And like the immediate family there was zero. My dad was like, they did like trash. So they, he was always like, they're a fucking pain in the ass. They pull your trucks over. Right. So I never really got to interact with police people. Like police officers at all. And then my wife, when we, after a couple years of dating became a cop, it was the craziest thing in the fucking world.


She just became a cop. And I got to like meet cops and talk to her. Your wife? My wife now just, She's a cop. She, she's not, she retired. Oh. Quickly. But it was a, she was a Philly cop for like, and she had gone to school for like criminal forensics. So she was like trying to get into a lab and they're like, well if you're sworn in just whole thing. She's like, fuck it, I'll just become a cop dude. It was, and dude, I had like pounds of weed in my basement. Yeah, that's what, yeah. I about to ask you. She ever threatened to lock your ass up? She would fuck around. She would fuck around about it but never. Right. She never crossed that line of like being like seriously like being like that. But I'd be scared today. The cop. Yeah. Long one. It was kind of cool though 'cause I got to like really interact with cops like a lot and get to really understand like how they ticking away.


For sure. And that's all they want. It's pretty like if they pull you over, they just want you to be like, damn dude. Like you have the hardest job ever. And just really pumped them up. Like, bro, you nobody. And it's, it actually is true. 'cause I like inter, I like got to like hear about what, what they're dealing with and shit. And I'm like, it is literally the worst fucking job ever. If you get pulled out and you turn the light on right away in the interior light. It's the Worst legal job. Yeah. I'd say selling crack worse. Yeah. I could see that. Yeah. It'd be better if I were selling crack. If I, I would, you know, I would envy a cop for sure. Especially if it all came crashing down. It was like I could benefits, Could've had healthcare. The cops, it depends on what kind of cop. 'cause really cops that help the community, like we had cops that come make year the kids good be like, Hey man, y'all over here.


Move that around. The kids come and shit like that. You know? 'cause they in the community, it's not like you don't know him. Yeah. But then we got a cop, he's the gang bang on us. Gang bang on his name. Ice Man. He'd come on the block, he'd throw a CK that's Crip killer to all the Crips. We'd be laughing recording him though. Nigga took me to jail. Jeremy my music. Like yeah man. Then it was another cop, I think his name do. He was like, wait, Who are the Crip killer? Are they just made up their own Thing? No. So my block is a lot of Crips. Yeah. Yeah. With the Crips and shit like that. So, oh yeah. You know Doug? Yeah. So he would throw, He didn't on out. I can throw a crib killer and then be telling us like, yeah, I was down the street. They killing y'all right now. They're buying cars. Woo woo. He messy as he funny though.


Funny. That is kind of funny. Yeah, my, my wife said there was a lot of that. There was people who are like, you know, training Day Ram Park. Yeah. Yes. And like, and it's one of those things where there she was like, there's not technically a quota, but they're on your ass about, they call it activity where they're like, Hey man, you don't have any activity and if you're going and like getting guns and all this stuff, you're like, your promotion's just kind of awaiting you. But then there's like, then like, you know, 'cause they, they get down on people like yeah he's a fucking bum. He doesn't do anything. But, but my wife, she's a small, she's like a small lady and she would just, what she would get on is like when she would see kids that aren't in car seats, she would, she would devastate. She would like no mercy on that shit. And other than that she didn't even really give a fuck about anything. But she was just making sure people aren't doing anything crazy.


And the domestics are, that's the weird part. When you gotta go into like fights between couples. Oh yeah. I would, that shit sucks man. Hell yeah. I Hate Arguments. You know what's crazy though, like the older I get paying taxes and shit like that, I still got this mindset of the police have to be woo woo. But it's not really like that bro. Like not no more bro. Like, and it's crazy like a lot of people I went to school with, So I see like they police officers, you know what I'm saying? Shit like that. Like it ain't that bad. It's just like when You are against the system. 'cause like not all of 'em fucked up. Just like not every person or every gangbanger you meet is fucked up. Like not every rapper is a stuck up narcissism, dumb assses thing that they're bigger than the world For sure. Yeah. But 99% of 'em for sure.


Yeah. That's like cops, there's like, there are a lot of 'em that were like, oh yeah, you're the exact stereotype people talk about with cops. Right. There's a lot of those guys. I ain't gonna lie though, if I was a cop I would be catching niggas on point. I know every dad they would hate me. Yeah. They would hate me 'cause I know I'd be like, yep, I know what them niggas doing. Huh? Come in nigga. Dude, what y'all doing? Dude, There was a guy, whatcha call it, there was these dudes in Baltimore that were doing, they were called backpack pops where they was, you know, and it's like, it is kind of like, they must know what's going on. If they see a guy with like a little like school bag or a backpack, they would just, 'cause it's like if you see a dude who's not school aged with a backpack, he's selling fire drugs. Like no one's walking around with school bag besides me. I carry my laptop in there right now. Nah. For So, but it's one of, and they would just pull up and be like, get out the, and they would just ditch the backpack and I'm like sweet and just take it.


And they were robbing people doing that? Nah, Cops were there a lot. Like I done had cops pull up, take Leann from me, take my guns. They took Fort being county y took a hundred dollars from me this last time when I had went to jail. But I was already to get the fuck out. I let y'all keep that little shit. But they be doing that. Really? Yeah. Chain jewelry, laptops. They take it all. Damn. Especially your guns. Yeah, like guns and drugs. Like sometimes like you'll get booked and you'll think, well shit, I ain't gonna lie if I got three pins of lien, you take me to jail. Take that lien bro. I don't want you to put that lien on me nigga I get a lawyer in fight that Lie. Yeah, true, true. Yeah. You might as well even put that felony on me. Like, like I beat seven felonies. Like I could carry a pistol legally. I don't have no fes.


Oh wow. So you actually, oh I, that makes sense. Hell yeah. Beat seven. Was it all at the same time or was it, So with this, Rico was fo then I had another three when I caught my first pistol case. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like you ever went hunting? Like hunting for like deers and shit? I never did my, my dad was big into hunting. I never done it. Well shit, I was big into hunting with just the ops. So I was hunting the ops, you know what I'm saying? In, in the middle of hunting the ops. That's when I caught my first fucking pistol case. Man. They Just caught you with a Gun on you? No, I'm so stupid. My rookie ass like, like, like just like my, I ain't gonna say rookie ass, but I was like young, like 17. We seen the car. Well first we went in the party looking for him. We was gonna fight him. Whoa. Boom. Then we get in the car, boom. I seen him, he put his head out the window.


I'm like, oh nigga, it's good. Come on. We gonna follow him. Police get behind me. I had just bought a car off the side of Highway six for like $2,000. But I had a paper tag, but it was a bullshit paper tag. It was a cardboard and written on it with pen. So the police get behind him. I'm like, oh shit, what the actual fuck? So I'm jogging for a little bit. So. Well you wrote your tag in on a pen on cardboard. I didn't know better. I didn't Ibotta it from the dude and he and he sold me a lemon and end up fucking up. So we get so boom, I get to the cul-de-sac. It's an old ass cop. I'm like, I got him. I got my little brother and them in the car. They play football varsity. I don't wanna put up their life. Yeah. Because you know I knew I was gonna be a rapper.


Yeah. So I like, yeah, let me get something under my belt or something. But now for real. So I'm nervous. I'm like man, my mama gonna kill me if I got my brother out here. He got scouts coming to the game. I'm like, fuck it. Gimme the gun. Hmm. Put on my waist. I hopped out, put my hands up like, hey man, chill. Just relax. Woo woo. As soon as he came to me, I ugh start running. So I'm gone. Oh no. As I'm running I just feel shit. I'm getting dizzy, shit like that. Then I just fall. I had a Nike track jacket on and he grabbed the string. So while I was running, that shit was choking. Oh you were just choking you the whole time? Hell yeah. Hiding motherfucking, I fall, boom, had the pistol on my hip, you know what I'm saying? Fall the pistol on my hip. They put me in the handcuffs.


But he a old cop. Then some young cops came, they like, oh yeah you the ran to beat your motherfucking ass. Yeah, they searched the car. He said it didn't smell like weed. He was gonna write me a ticket. So I did all that shit for nothing. Then they didn't even find a pistol. This was like 2009. I had on purple skinny jeans. So the pistol go down to my skinny jeans. So funny. I'm in the back of the car and I wiggle up, wiggle the gun outta my skinny jeans, put back on my shoe, kicked the gun up under the seat like that. You feel me? Yeah. They checked me in. Boom. So I'm just got, so my only charge was ab obeying arrest. Oh okay. I'm like, it's cool man. Next morning I'm the de the detox tank. The cop come out, Hey you're not going nowhere fast.


And I knew I, I knew he found the gun. Oh, could they make, they, could they say it was yours though? Hell yeah. He put it on me. But I'm like how you didn't bring me in with it? Like, you know what I'm saying? But this what happened. So I think I got a class B misdemeanor or something. Hell nah. I got like three felonies. The person was theft of a firearm from a sheriff. Then they tried to save the burglary habitation and they tried to link me to other burglaries. So I'm in jail. I called my mama, I tell her what's going on. I called my brother. He like, where you got that gun from? I'm like, man, come up here. I ain't gonna tell you on the phone. I told him like, yeah nigga, this is the gun that Shae gave me. Woo woo woo. My mamas a, she's a daycare teacher. Come to find out Shae ain't really breaking nobody house.


He stole that gun from his auntie. That's a sheriff. Oh. And I ain't know that. And my mama know his auntie. 'cause my mama was watching his auntie daughter at school. My mama told his his auntie what happened? And she got all those charges dropped. Oh That's kind of nice. Hell Yeah. Damn. He stole a fucking sheriff's gun. His dumb ass. He was like, yeah, like he was trying to be down with us and shit like that. He like, yeah man I got this gun. I've been hitting licks. I'm down. I'm like, yeah, whatever. So He wasn't, he just, I, he wasn't even my friend like that. He was my little brother and them homie. He's always the one to hang around me and shit. Like whatever. So he did that shit the whole time. He stole from his auntie. That's lame. Yeah. Yeah. He don't do that shit. You don't take from your people. You feel me? Yeah. But thank God Fucking Christ. It was his auntie, you feel me?


Yeah. That's probably why they're kicking such, like kicking such a cloud of dust over because it was a sheriff. How the fuck did he get this? Yeah. So like other than like other than that I don't really got too much criminal history. I, I probably got like getting caught with a gun and some weed. Yeah. I got like seven pistol cases. That's just 'cause I had weed, you feel me? Yeah. But other than that I'm not no super criminal. Just know that I always had some weed in the gun on me in Texas. That's normal as fuck. True. But that is, that's the killer combo when you have the gun and weed, that's when they kind of really Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's what they make you like. But that's so small though. But see this is why Texas, this is why we not legal. Do you want your guns or do you want marijuana? Yeah you know we a gun state. Yeah. Texas live by they guns stand on they gun everybody.


You feel me? So Yeah. What do you think about all the new guns with all like the like the pre like the ones you can make yourself and 3D printing and all that stuff. Like the guy who killed the CEO said he like just had a 3D printing gun. I mean 'cause shit them motherfuckers they not traceable so you gonna smack shit up all day. You know what I'm saying? And like, unless they find like the GSR on you like the gun part or some shit like that shit. That's dangerous bro. 'cause most guns got serial so you can know okay I caught you with this gun. This gun was using this murder 'cause of the serial. Yeah but if, but if it is a ghost gun, it is out of the then if you got a ghost gun with a switch Yeah You go to jail for like Hell yeah. 20 years don't you Like, So I think it's mandatory minimum 10 years for a switch.


But, but I know that you could get a binary switch too. That's legal where she like oh But you gotta go to a special gun class for that. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, switch is crazy. And that's All right. A lot of these young niggas, that's what they got switches Dude. Terrifying. And them halls fast. Like That's crazy. Like man that's crazy. Imagine a premature young nigga they can't fight and that's a punk never been hit in the face, a broken arm want to be a gangster and got a gun and his feelings mad. Come on you. Yeah dude. Now you can hit your target with like, it's hard as hell to keep like, you know what I'm saying? Keep It straight. Yeah. Yeah. It seems like it's just never, it's just like spraying bullets in the general direction. So see I'm older like back when when we was stucking, I ain't never had no switch.


We ain't even no shit like that. Like you know what I'm saying? I know how to boom boom. Yeah. But at the same time, like that switch shit is like that's scary. Yeah Dude. Well that's fucked up. Yeah, it was crazy how the guy apparently printed his own gun and just printed His own gun. Yeah. A lot of that shit going on. But see in Texas you don't gotta do all that as long as you don't got like no feeling. You go to the gun store. Yeah like, like it's not hard to get a gun. For real. 'cause if you get caught with a ghost gun, that's probably even worse. Yeah. Tre. Yeah I guess they're saying yeah 'cause they're like, well if you're want an untraceable gun, what are you doing? Right. Why do you want that? Hell yeah. That's crazy. Damn dude. Well dude, what else is going on? Shit. I mean chilling my clothing line, you know what I'm saying?


Persona relaunching that on on the fifth. You know what I'm saying? I got a lot of big collab coming with that. You know what I'm saying? Shit. Oh yeah. I signed a artist. Did you really? Well a couple artists. Cartel Bow. I just got my joint venture with Warner Brother Records. Nice Man. So my label is at Warner Brothers. That's cool. Oh yeah. 'cause you just did a fucking, you just did an album like you just released it. What? Like But that was independent. So look as far as Maxo Kream me, I'm a hundred percent independent. Okay. But my label, where I got my artist at is with Warner Brothers. That's cool. How does that work? Work either like, So I got, so you get a joint venture, you know what I'm saying? You could get an exclusive or non-exclusive. So you get a non-exclusive JB they gonna give you some money, they gonna back your artists.


But let's say You are at Warner Brothers, if it's non-exclusive, you could go to Empire, you could go to Interscope, you can go to Capital with your same imprint. 'cause non-exclusive. But if they give it to you exclusively, you know what I'm saying? Now your admin is they admin, you know what I'm saying? Now your staff is, they staff, you can still build your own staff and they gonna open up your budget. 'cause now you can't go nowhere else. And you investing in business with them. Yeah. Well what do they try to do? Just get like a piece of your touring is like what's, where do they Nah, so they don't get nothing to me. Yeah. So what my artist is, So I walk in with my percentage, they take they percentage and then now you actually get the bigger machine. So instead of me having to wake up every morning, 'cause he's signing to me, okay here, here's the money for your video, here's the money for this and that.


He got a set budget plus he get the advance from from the label. So it's basically like you signing to me. But my admin is Warner Brothers. Yeah, But where do they collect their advance on if you're not selling cd? Like nobody sells CDs anymore. I mean So that, oh so it's streaming so it just, oh so it's different platforms. So Spotify, apple Music. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Shit like that. YouTube, then you got different syncs, then you got publishing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You got mechanical royalties, it's all different kind of royalties. You know what I'm saying? So a publisher will be like, let's say if you start a TV show, you put it on Netflix. Yeah. And then like you want to use my song at the beginning. So that'll be on the publishing side. Yeah.


So I get a publishing check, you know what I'm saying? I could be independent with my publishing or I can go get a deal with my publishing. So my artist, he right now he's with Warner Brothers, you know what I'm saying? But we gonna get a publishing check somewhere else too. You know what I'm saying? So never Oh yeah. Another thing, never sign your pub with the record label that you at Always. You don't wanna keep everything in one house. 'cause when shit come crashing down, it come crashing down. You want to keep shit spreading around and shit. Have checks and balances on your shit. Yeah. So you just know. When did you start, when did you start a label? Shit, I started a label in 2019. I had one artist, it was called Crank Click Global. I abandoned that one and I started Persona I, I had a label for like four years.


But I ain't signed my first artist like legit, legit to it until last year. Cartel Bow. He going up everywhere. Took him rolling line with me, you know what I'm saying? He got songs. He got some Boss Man D Low coming. He got some shit with Big Extra plug like he pop and check him out. That's Awesome. Hell yeah. Everybody think that he, Brian Pumper though. They be calling him. He Looks like Brian Pumper Shit. That's what they be saying. I ain't know who the fuck Brian Pumper was when I see him though. Now y'all tripping. That's so Brian Pumper might be the funniest dude. Didn't somebody crack some eggs on his head and he just sit there Something. Yeah, he like lost. He was like just a big adult. He was like a male porn star. I know that just lost his fucking mind. Yeah.


Tripping. Yeah. He kind of lost it. But he is funny. He makes really very, his videos are funny as shit Like comedy videos. Yeah. I don't know if he's trying to be funny or what, but they're genuinely funny. He was, he got in trouble 'cause he was, from what I heard, he, you know, he was doing like, you know, professional porn and then when you're doing that you can't like fuck around on your own apparently. Right. Because you need to be tested, all that stuff. Right. And what they say he did, I don't know if it's true or not, but they're saying that he was just like hawking people down on the subway. He would get, he would just hawk ladies down the subway and be like, I'll give you 500 bucks right now. We'll film a porn tape. And you know, he was getting people to do it but he wasn't like testing or anything. And then he'd go back to like a legit studio and they're like, bro you can't be doing that here.


So that's what they say. His dibbing And dabbling don't know what's happening. Exactly. Yeah. That shit crazy man. Well dude, thanks man. I think we're, I think we're good bro. Thanks for coming and doing this. You Already know man. Anytime. Appreciate it man. You crushed it, my boy.