
Ha. We're here guys. What's going on? Chilling. Welcome to my Ponzi scheme of a podcast. I'm gonna start doing coaching. Coaching, multi-level, guess coaching. $25,000. Yeah, dude, gimme $25,000. I'll tell you how to build a million dollar. If I could be any of them people, I'd be a relationship coach. But just I, just feel like I got it. Twin flame expert. Yeah. I think I could do it. Just like simple advice. Just, I do come to you when I need advice. I come to both of you when I need advice, to Be honest, It is never actually good. I'll be feeling like it's good and then I'll be like, ah, shit ain't gonna work. No, you're just pretty good. Okay. You're Good at keeping people off of simp mode. Yeah, that's what I try.


You Just, NA's advice is always just don't answer her for like four days. It Works. It always works. It works. Yeah. Simp. Yeah. And Andy would tell this story a bunch. When he first met his wife, when they were first dating, he was, tell me, he was telling me a story about her, like always And. he said it on our podcast, this ain't like a secret thing or anything, is she would do this thing where she would like storm out his house and then he'd go out there after her and then he'd be like, come on baby, don't leave, blah blah. And come bring her back in. And then one time he, he was telling me that, I was like, let her go next time. And she left and she drove And. he said like five minutes later he gets a call for her. Just like, why didn't you come back for me? And it was like, he said, it was like a turning point.


Yeah. And flip the switch. Flip the switch. I've seen the suitcase a couple times myself re like, Oh yeah, yeah, we all, you're in one long enough my last apartment. Catch Those wheels. You're like, yeah, damnit this. Where the fuck she thinks she's going? Yeah. That's a, that is the best. It's weird how like that kind of stuff can happen. Then two days later you're just like, what's up dude? Yeah, That was, that was wild back Then. It's amazing how hard It is to just like, keep that just two people in one house without like fucking freaking out. Especially when you have a little bit of space, like you can, you can get away. Like you have a second bedroom or whatever. Yeah. You have somewhere else to go. It's Put yourself that, it feels weird though. Did you ever hit the second bedroom? You lay? Yeah.


Obviously you just lay there and you're just kind of like, she'll come get me eventually. I actually, I do the girl thing where I'm like, she'll come get me I. just lay there. I Like, I can't get Comfortable. Put yourself time out is so Funny. It's not as comfortable as my bed. I'm like, where is she? I'm going in my room. You and my girl up there like five days in our, in the opposite wa It was kind of long. Just damn. Yeah. It's kind of boss. Yeah. And I, I I, we didn't speak and I was like, she spoke first. I was ho I did hold out. I was like, I can't speak because I'm paranoid in my head. I was like, if I speak first it, it's over 'cause of me. Yeah. And It is like, I don't want to give her her any Satisfaction. You guys did like a Vinyasa silent retreat. Yeah.


It was like a, it was like just walking, you know, in the kitchen, Whatever it's called. Likee day. I just co side. Like Yeah. You are the silent. Exactly. Right. That's a sick move. Do you ever live with an ex? Yeah. That's a wild one. But, or like when it's over. But you gotta still share the house. It kinda, it was 'cause of Berlin Wall situation. That Sounds crazy. It was when I was real young. She was, this lady was like living with her. Her mom, like her parents like, kind of kicked her out the crib. So she was just staying with me and my parents house. So then we broke up and it was like You became brother and sister. It was only like three, two more weeks of it. Because she was That still It is crazy Law.


I've done it. It's fucking hell. Were you still, did you still like have sex at all Or? I don't think so. I don't think so. I honestly, I don't remember. I think I blacked out the memories of it. Yeah. I've done it multiple times. It's like, You just wait. It's like literally the worst living condition. Yeah. You wake up and you're like, you just like get outta the room as fast as you can. That's the thing too. I'm not sleeping on a couch. I refuse. Yeah. I fucking, I refuse. I'm sleeping in my fucking bed. It It is like, I, I like my bed. It's a comfortable bed. Be still, still lay like head to head. You flip it Old school And go head ca 69. Yeah. Yeah. Just a resentment. 69. Platonic 69. No, 69.


Man. It, it's really tough though. 'cause if you think about how hard It is for two people to like get along very well over a long period of time, it's like what hope is there for the world? Yeah. Like if we ever decide on world peace, is that what you mean? It's, it seems like, I mean, I may be we'll just become like better equipped to do that, but it seems pretty a pretty tough thing. Yeah. It's not, I don't think it's possible because Even if there were like, if like all the nations were like, we've actually agreed we're all gonna stop fighting each other and agree to cooperate, I'd still be like kind of pissed and be like, fuck Yeah. What. the Fuck. I don't feel like it's A fucking like, Fuck I told you to stop fucking by in here. Do point. Yes. Oh, you been specifically still with you and your lady? No matter.


We Might, I might drop in Dropping in new my own house. It is fun though over the years. So It is like a, there's something to, I can't explain it, but there's something to like living with a woman for a long period of time. Yeah. Where like, there is, I mean there's stuff that like, just like pulls stuff outta your brain and just like parts of your character and it does start to like, it's like water just running over a stone. Eventually I think dudes. Oh, I fought it for the longest time. Yeah. But I think eventually you just become one of those like Yep. She's the boss. Yep. Happy wife, mother, everyone. Yep. It's like, I was like, I'll never give into that. Lately I've been kind of like, dude, that's Too much bro. You're giving her the pants.


You're I just white knight simp it for the rest of my life. It just ultimate sim When The dude finally taps out And, he iss like, yep. Just gotta keep her happy. She's the boss. And you know, I have my little space I've carved out. I don't, I don't think I've ever in my life seen the opposite at an old age. Like a dude who's like, I still run the show. Yeah. I think I've ever seen old. It's not worth it. You know, it also looks nuts. Or You have the deep state Deep. True. You Have to just become deep state within the household. You are like, yeah, no, no, you're the president. And just Kind of like Start tricking her. Just showing her your, send her your shit. So the algorithm's the same. Like, oh, you all wanna watch the fucking wire. Little economic sabotage.


I've threatened that before. Like I'll fucking quit doing all this shit, dude. I'll go back to doing construction. No fucking money. You'll See how you like that. I don't fuck Exactly. Total trade bar. I've threatened with that. I'll fucking quit this shit right now, dude. I'll go back to being a laborer. That's 33 bucks an hour, dude. It's Not bad. Not probably down at Tejas, but I have to move up back up. No. Yeah, it's too, I have to, I might, dude, I fantasize about picking up, picking up the broom on multiple occasions. Dude. I'll go sweep dust on the construction site for fucking $32. I couldn't do it here though. I can't, I don't think I could. I was built for it back home here. I would Die. But here you gotta dress like a fucking fallout character.


You gotta have like a hat face mask and like long sleeves. I don't, I've seen dudes like in the long sleeves. That's like the new, that's the new swag now. That is the New swag. I'm just pictured a dude with, just like you ever played a game. You have all the different armor, none of it matches. That's what every landscaper out here looks like in Texas. It's like, it's 'cause the burn. It's full like, it's like Yeah, exactly. Sun poisoning. Dude, I'm sunblock. Can't even stop it. You think I I I It is a, it's a miracle I didn't get sun poisoning out in Turks and Cake. I know. I want, I'm very curious about Quay because That's where you just came back from. Yeah, It was the, it was sick as fuck. I Remember I got burnt to hell when I was like a young in there, Bro. I don't know how I didn't, but it's like, I, I think honestly It is because It had melanin.


I'm getting me, I think I'm in like a melanated force field. I think I Just get, I swear to God, dude, there's no way I'm not getting cooked to death. I don't know what It is. I I also use black lady sunscreen. Oh, what's the Difference? Well, 'cause if like the, the new stuff that's like zinc it for the honkeys, it just makes our face look like Braveheart basically. It's just, you're just all white. It doesn't soak in that well. Oh, I see. Yeah. So they have like the black lady sunscreen where it just kind of like disappears on your face. Yeah. You don't get hung up with that. And also, dude Brittany was, I was like, what's in that shit? Like what's the ingredients? I'm, I'm like big on like reading it like what is that? And like what's in that stuff. And she, she's like, what do you, It is probably all the same good stuff you have in yours. She's like, you really think they put the bad stuff in black sunscreen? I was like, yeah, definitely did.


Like have you learned nothing? Like You should be reading this stuff. It's black lady sunscreen. If like, have you learned nothing from history? Like of course we're gonna put the worst shit ever. A Crack in the black lady sunscreen. There's probably AIDS in there. I might have to Get test. I might get tested. Yeah, you might Need it. I might call, I might have caught a bug from my black lady sunscreen. I, it Was just crazy. She got like mad at me. She was like, you really think that? And I was like, it's a possibility. I a hundred percent think things that are like geared specifically towards black. Like I don't use cash app. 'cause I'm like, do something with my money. If I use cash, I stop smoking. I gotta stop smoking.


Yeah. No black and Milds. I'm like, no, this is, this is, this is that. This can't be possibly good. Yeah. Like things that are our thing. Yeah. Well dude, you know what? Speaking of, well kind of speaking of that, I saw a dude, I saw, I was at Turks and Caicos and I saw a bartender rocking Yeezy's. And He was like the, the like a younger kid was there and it was like, it was like the, I saw a lot of this like the prototypical horny teenage son at the resort. It'd be like, they'd be with their parents, but you'd just see this dude just like, he'd be like jacked like 18-year-old kids. Like, yeah dude, I can finally drink. This is sick. He was chanting up the bartender. He was like, I love sneakers too. One the, oh fuck dude. I folk people. And they're like going back and forth and the bartender was kind of justifying his easy, which is my favorite thing when people wear them and they're like, they're really comfortable man.


Like these are real comfortable shoes. Like, oh dude, here's they're fucking Sick. Yeah, I've been there. I go that. But dude, Kanye, here's, here's my whole point. Kanye is a fashion designer. It wasn't that crazy to say he loved Hitler as a fashion designer. If you think about it, every great fashion designer has to say one unhinged thing. Yes. Tommy Hilfiger hug. Go bass. I Don't want black people wearing my stuff him so much. Yeah. Hugo Boss, you know, he, he loved the Nazis. The dude from Lululemon nuts. Oh yeah, that is so said. He doesn't want fat ladies wearing his stuff. And also said he And he named it, he named it because when he goes to Asia, he like likes to watch people try to pronounce Lululemon. He said it makes him laugh. And. he might be the funniest guy. All I swear he's Too funny. He's too funny. They can, but that's, that's kind of on, that's like on, that's kind of on brand for like fashion geniuses to be like, just for no reason to say the craziest thing.


Wasn't Coco Chanel getting her like cheeks clapped by Nazis regularly? That's right. Yeah. Coco Chanel. Yeah. The lady who started what she was like just a whore for the Nazis. What, Where was she from? I don't know. Somewhere over there. Yeah. Not sure. Yeah. I fuck my mom. I Probably Italy. That makes sense. Damn dude. She was, she was getting crushed by the Nazis. Yeah, I'm surprised All the time. Yeah. Yeah. She, she was, she was a little slam piece for show. She was fucking with Hans Gunther. Von Dinkle. Yeah. I mean, dude, it's crazy how much fashionistas loved the Nazis. They did have the swag though. I mean like, you know what I mean? No, it's Nine.


Exactly. It's 1910. You're like, damn, here's some alt-Right. Bad boys. Trust me. I get it. It just on meth. Fucking the shit out these ladies. Yeah, True. For hours. They probably, they probably invented the pink cocaine. Yeah. Two Dude. But yeah, so I, I in, I was in Turks and Caicos, I somehow, my lips got fucking scorched. I'd wake up in the morning and my lips felt like they were like a water balloon about the break. They were just, it was crazy. I still have, I still have water in my ear. Dude. We go down there, just Got back with, I got back like two days ago. Ah. Oh dude. It's dude, it's actually, it was very sick. It's one of those places, unfortunately that doesn't produce like anything really, like the Dominican Republic has to import everything, which kind of sucks.


And you go to an island, you want the fresh fruit. They would joke about it though. They'd be like, fresh from Walmart. That Was funny. But dude, we went, we went out snorkeling, which I think might be my new passion. I think I love snorkeling now, man. Oh, Tim, I scared to snorkel, Dude. Well this is gonna fuck you up. Did you go like deep or you were still like, were you snorkel? Not Scuba. Well snorkeling you can go under you like, you know, you just, you just fucking hold the thing, you know? Yeah, yeah. Trying to say out the thing. I'll say you stick your tongue in a hole, just kind of block it. Yo. I. just say you plug the hole, you gotta plug the hole with your tongues and then you can go down and then you come up and just go. And then, sorry. And then it just goes Whoosh. And the water flies on the top. My dad showed me how to do that when I was little and I was so stoked to like show my how To do that.


Dude, we go on a boat and we went snorkeling. And the right before we jump in, I have my Chloe, they have like little life jackets, so I jump in. The guy was like, oh yeah, there's some baby sharks in there. And I'm like, sick thinking there's gonna be like these teeny tiny baby sharks. Yeah, dude, I get in the water. There's like five and I'm not exaggerating. There was like five and a half foot sharks swimming around And. they were like probably 50, 60 feet away. Yeah, fuck that though. But then like, they started coming over and like, I'm like floating on the surface and the water's probably 40 feet deep. At one point they were right underneath me and I'm looking down, I'm like, dude, I like spazz and like put the kids outta the water And. he iss like, oh man, you'll be fine. Just don't touch 'em. I'm like, dude, I don't wanna fucking come anywhere near these. I'm, Of course I'm not gonna touch them. I would not go In the water. And I have little teen, I like little kids. I'm like, these Guys looking, Dude.


The fucking fear was like so intense. 'cause you're in there and there was like one there, one there, one there. And I'm just kind of looking around like, where's that motherfucker And? they start kind of like coming near you and it's like, not again. I'm not stealing shark valor. But they would come closer to him. Fuck it. I wouldn't even go close to that Water, dude. Well, I pulled them out. I put them out and then I like, kind of like chilled for a second and went back in and kind of investigated. And then they started to go away. So I brought them back in. They could like see the sharks from a, from afar, but I was kind of like, bro, like, what are you doing Man? Yeah, I would never do that. That sounds like some shit that has accidents constantly. But I guess dude, this guy was like, oh dude, I'm telling you, you have nothing to worry about, blah blah, blah. And I was like, all right man. And then like later that night, the snorkeling was sick and we went to Iguana Island.


Dude. I mean, the most iguanas I've ever seen is I got charged by two iguanas. They charge you dude. Huh? Isn't wild. They, they like run up at you and bucket you. It's crazy. What happens if you stand on your ground? I stand on my ground. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Best believe it. Dude. They stop. They stop. They don't run away. They just look at you like What the Fuck. Do you want What the Fuck? Do you want dude Iguana? I had a couple, had a couple of standoffs with iguanas. But, but yeah, dude, it was, and then later that night we get back from all that and we went to like an outdoor, like, you know, And, they excel shit like purses and like got a big ass con shell and know how to make the con noise. Now it's harder than you thinked, dude. That's the one that you always see in like the movie. Yeah. Yeah. So I, we bought one of those off a guy and the dude was like, yeah, missing arm And. he goes, check this out.


And, he lifted up his shirt, huge shark bite scar and a missing arm. And I'm like, this motherfucker. Yeah, this guy earlier today was like, oh, don't worry about it, dude. This other guy's like, yeah, I lost my arm to a shark. I have a huge fucking, literally a bite mark in his body. Yeah, it's crazy because this guy could have got my fucking cheering eaten up in the ocean. I wonder if he like, if because too scary. Is there like a thing where over there they just like another shark bite sweep it under the rug. Like if he, he just is kind of, I don't know man. It's like, and and I, I get what the guy was saying. He was like, oh, he, he knows, he like, he scuba dives, he does all this shit. He's like, oh, they, they won't bother you. So I'm guessing he's like kind of right. Yeah, yeah. But also it's like, bro, they were like, that's the closest, imagine if a shark was 40 feet beneath you and you just watched it swimming around it.


Dude, it was sizable dude. Yeah, no, that's, and if That's a baby, it's like, how big did the parents get And? he was saying they get like 13 feet. I'm like, well, are they anywhere near him? Yeah. Like What the Fuck. They gotta Be, what are we doing dude? Lemme see some fish. Yeah. Yeah. The fishy and the fish snorkeling is nice. I, I did a cruise in me and it stopped in Mexico for like five hours, like how cruises do. And we got the snorkel and just see like colorful fish and asses underwater, just look a little bit more round. It was very a nice combo of taste. Penises look crazy than me. Did you ever catch your own dick? Do you ever look, be you ever been naked in a pool when you look down at your dick in a pool? Looks crazy dude. It looks crazy, man. I've never had like a pool situation where I could get naked.


I've got naked in a pool during the day. I don't think that Glance down, check out your bird and you're like, What. the Fuck. Does it look like one Of those things on the reefs? Dude, It is total fun house mirror. It looks like you have a dog Dick. You look down and you're like, What. the Fuck is that, so you're in the pool with like a babe, you're naked and you're like, yeah, It is just so freeing. You look down and you're like, oh my fucking fuck dude. Holy shit. My looks crazy. Now she's gotta take a peek at This thing. We did do the, they were at the place. They had a, they had like a, a gym and then outside of it they had like an outdoor hot tub and a cold plunge and that was very sick. Taking your wife into a cold plunge. It's so funny. Watching them like, ha. Then I was in my boxers. I had my, like, my workout shorts.


So I just like got in my, my little ski, my little sheath skis. Yeah. So I was like, I was like getting into the, out the cold tub. I was like, Yo, grab me a towel because we're outside. She's like, just get in the hot tub. I was like, yeah, gimme a towel. You Can't See me like this. I toweled up and then I got outta the hot tub and was just presenting, dude, I got outta the hot tub and was standing there like Yo. She was like, dude, put a fucking talent. What are you doing? Because we had a nice little moment where we're in the, in the cold tub. I'm like, dude, that was so cool. You did the cold tub. I didn't think you'd do it. And then we're in a hot tub a little, you know, a little cuddling. Yeah. Instantly became so engorged and I just got outta the hot tub. We were like outside. So I get out, I'm like, yeah man, I'm gonna chill out here. She put a fucking towel on down. And I was like, my man, what you wearing? That Was My body. That was my fa yeah, my body, my choice.


Taking my body. That was, but dude, I came outta like cold plunge and I was just like, Yo bro. Hide to me. Don't look at me. Hide to me. I mean, I've said it before, but that is the worst when you're fighting with your baby and you're naked and you're all shriveled up and you gotta walk by or like, you know you're wrong. You know you're wrong Tina. Stuff nipple. Cover your nipples and your I'd never walk. You've walked out Tina mid fight. Yeah. Man. That's Or like post-fight. Oh, I walk into the wasteland, dude. I just fucking walk out outta the shower, Tina and be like, you know you're fucking wrong about that. Look down. I'm like, fuck Yeah. I guess you can't pivot back to shower.


'cause then you looks like you're like being a cat, not shower a towel. Exactly. I meant like, you can't be like, look like Yeah, he's hiding his penis is from me. 'cause of what we just went Through. Exactly. Yeah. You gotta you gotta, yeah, you gotta you gotta assert and just be like, yeah, What. the Fuck say I It is also baiting. I'm baiting. I'm like, say something, say something about my penis. Dude, I fucking dare you. That's, that's over, dude. If a baby hits you with some sort of Tina comment, it's a, it's a wrap. It's blow For Blow. Yeah. Actually I've gotten crushed before. I've got, like, I've literally, I've come outta the shower and have her be like, oh my God, it looks So Cute. I'm like, Yo bro. Shut the fuck bro. Nothing cute about this shit. You haven't been sitting in that way where it's like not, it's like, it's, it's like in a little bit like, you know what I mean?


Oh Yeah, I know what you mean. And, And it's just like, you see them glance at it. You just, it's like, why'd you, we were having a good conversation now derail because you fucking, I know you looked Dude, when me and when me and Brittany did Molly together, I it, that shit gave me like Adderall Tina. And we were having like the nicest beautiful heart to heart. And then like, I got up with the craziest dude. It was, it was, you know, you have bowling pin dick in the shower or like, you fucking, the hot water freaks it out. And It is just like fat up top. I had a micro bowling pin team. It was Weird. We both had a good chuckle about it, but I was like, bro, this is, this is bad. I might go to schools and just do Molly and just show them.


Just preach. You guys want fucking chick like This. I fucking love you kids so much. Throw your fucking chicks on This. I feel so fucking close to kid. You want say fucking chick look like this. Don't want fucking take Molly. All right. You wanna love your wife more than ever. Have the tiniest penis in the world for four hours. You think that's cool kids, look at this. I'm fucking sweating my ass off. Do, doing Molly and giving like a presentation to kids would be so funny. I love you kids. I fucking Love you kids so much. I don't want you guys walk around with tiny bowling Pin penises. I've never done mine. Doesn't it make you wanna touch shit though? Yeah. It, it does it like, So you gotta have somebody to keep you from getting too close to the kids.


Keep you on even though it's strictly just, you don't wanna be like I I'd have like a bungee belt. I'd have a bungee belt. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. It'd be nothing sexual, but yeah, you might be like, you little fucking angel. Yeah, we went to the after touched Their cheek. Just something that feels innocent in the moment. You see the, you see the dead. Even your Innocence is beautiful to me. As you touch the Side of the cheek. I'd have a, I'd have a bungee ha I'd be like a kid on a leash. I would just get like yanked back. Yo I, just walk. Cool. Come Here. Your Hands tied down to Sides. Your skin will Never be this soft ever again. Yeah, It's, I've heard now my brother has been telling me that the ultimate what people, whatever he said people should with MDMA take it by themselves.


You just lay in a room and just let it kick in and just vibe out. La Mer dosed me the other day. He dosed you? No, but i, I, he just underestimated the power of the capsule he was giving me. Ah, How Strong was it? And I think there might have been something, something different in there than he was telling me. Yeah, dude. Because he came from a concert. And He was like, you guys want micro doses? And I was like, yeah. I was expecting a nice 0.7 gram of mushrooms of mushroom yellow as I was already on the bru skis. I was like, oh nice, I'll take this and ride off. And it was just Molly. Instead I was sweating like crazy and I was really thirsty and I was tripping my fucking balls off after like an hour. You was, I was tripping like crazy.


You just had like one capsule. I had one little capsule. He was like, it's a microdose. And then I was like, Yeah, you can only fit so much food. I started shitting. I had the mushroom shits where I was just shitting weird. And I was like, I have to get outta here. And I left and I just sat in my garage until like four in the morning and chain smoked to figure house. There's also, I actually, I might have fucked around and got addicted to nicotine by the way. For real. How? Yeah. I mean I'm fine. It's not bad. But I just was crushing cigars, dude. Oh dude, I can't stop smoking 'em. I was always like, I don't understand why people like nicotine. And then once you start getting a nicotine buzz, you're like, yeah, this is kinda the best feeling in the world. I get, I kind of get the hype around this. Yeah, I love it. Especially with cigars. It's like I, that heavy nicotine buzz. Yeah, It kinda, and It is nice.


It's really just kind of like, it's like the opposite of weed where you're like confused from weed. It's the opposite. You get like completely sure and you're like, man, it's just great. Everything. And it's like kind of subtle. You're like, everything's great And you have that figure in your head that like makes you more confident. Just like, I know this is sucks a little bit, but, but you just like, you hold a cigar, you're like, yeah, I know what I'm talking about. It is It is Tony Soprano mode. If you're, I like to smoke em while driving And. they just kind of like, dude, I might be the fucking Coolest, coolest Malone. Listen to like Tom Petty. I'm like, this is pretty great Man. I love this guy. This guy's great. It's not like very, it's very subtle. I've noticed. It's not like you don't get like whacked but you're just kind of like, I'm a fuck.


I'm in good mood. Yeah, I'm really, right now I'm really into like tastefully deteriorating myself. Just that. 'cause I do a lot to like bolster my life force. But you also have a death force within your body as Well. It's always gone. Your body's trying to die as much as, as much as it as it's trying to live. So it's like you gotta kind of honor the death force in you as well. The body's like literally instinctively trying to return to inorganic material that it arose from just as hard as you tried. That's what I've been saying. Just as hard. You guys Keep telling me to quit smoking. No, now I'm addicted dude. Now it's like, yeah. Yeah. I get what you're doing. All of the cigs are another thing. And I, I think the cigs are no good, but I'm curious to see if I actually will get addicted to nicotine. I know like cigars is probably harder to get addicted to 'em. It will happen to you though.


It happened to my older brother. It say it's happening to you. Yeah. It is happening. Yeah. Yeah. Like you, you like just Jones since you've been back? Well it's like, I'll be like, yeah, I just don't like the taste of it the next day now like I'll wake up with that taste and I'm like, eh, it's not a big deal. It Is funny. Yeah, I just to be like, I'm just becoming a man. But yeah, I might, I might start, I might start having to honor that with just my, some sort of slightly deleterious activities. That would be it. Cigars? Yeah. What maybe, maybe just cigars. Maybe. You don't know. We'll see. Just start micro. Maybe I'll start choking myself while I beat up. I dunno. I dunno. We'll see. I am gonna get back on the microdosing regimen. That's something I decided.


Well, don't get 'em from me. Well, I'll do, I might microdose. I've microdose LSD before. I didn't like it as much as mushrooms. It's too, it was like too strong and overbearing. Did you ever do It before? Never done LSD at all. I had, I have like one thing, but I don't know what it says. It's like says it's a microdose, but I don't know, like I just got it from someone. So are They like little capsules? It's not even a capsule. It's like a, like a jolly, not a Jolly Rancher. Like a like a laws. Yeah. But it's like that same kind of like texture. It is like a Tootsie roll, but it's like a flavor, like a candy. Oh, cool. And it's supposedly a microdose of LSD. Yeah. Yeah. Where'd you get that from? You don't have a name? Name, I'm curious. Yeah, somebody. I was at the stand, so when like a comic was like, yeah, take this.


They're pretty chill. I mean it's kind of nice. It's just, it's like strong dude. It doesn't go away. Like the mushroom microdose hits you. Yeah. And then there's like two or three hours. But it kind of like subsides the Ls. D microdose is just there for like eight hours. You're just bopping around and you're like, damn, my chest is vibrating still. It is fucking weird. See, and I, I I, I feel like LSD is the first time I do it. I wanna be around someone who's done it before and I've never like yeah. Been in, it'd just be me and my girl and I'd be like, now's the day. And I'm just freaking out. It is nothing worse than freaking out and having to be like, babe help. I had a Tootie roll ace with 10 micrograms of LSD. Did You rub my back? Yeah, no, that's true. I, that's what I did. My brother was here so I was just like, let's, I was like, let's just do it. Yeah.


Y'all did the pot. Yeah, We did the pot. We did Man's In The Mouth Podcast. I did two podcasts that day. Yeah, they're great for podcasting. That makes sense. I would just Talk, talk, talk, and all of a sudden just stop and be like, oh, all right. And jump Right back in. Is it visual? Wasn't a micro dose of that? No, Not at all. I, I think, I don't know, maybe I, I, I feel like my brother told me it was 10 micrograms, but I'm like, dude, if this is a micro, I'm also a sensitive machine. So I'm like this. I was like, if I didn't feel like a micro, I was like, I feel kind of fucked up all day. That's what happened when I did it. Me dosed my ass again. No, just that time I keep thinking about it. Yeah. Yeah. You were tripping dude. That's different if you're like sweating and fucking shit. Shit and stuff. How was he when you saw him? Perfectly Fine. Yeah. Fucking stone.


But he Champs it. Yeah, he does. And he's much larger than I am. Yeah, I was talking about that today about the rv. We both, they're all on a RV on their way to Vegas right now. Who's in an rv? La Mayor. Andy, pat George and all the other bros. Where'd the cop the RV from? Like rented it. Justin from Creek. He does like their podcast stuff. Yeah. Got like, he, he rented it and it's like a bunch of them just driving from here to Vegas for Stinks. It's about 10 big units in the rv. Yeah. I Think it's gonna have fucking explode. It is gotta be Stinky. It's Someone's gonna go to light of joint. The play It is only just the fart fumes right next night. I feel like the slimmest person in It is besides Justin.


Is Andy like that's the crew that's in that car. It's Justin big dogs. Yeah. They're mad at us for not going on the big dog. Yeah. I bill way too. Last horse trailer. Whole Day of, dude, you got an open air horse trailer. Man's head Hanging out. That's basically what that thing is Right now. Just a, there's a layer of manure on the bottom. Damn. I didn't know they're in the RV right now. You It has to smell crazy. They're stopping for like barbecue and shit on the Yeah, they're going in the fucking desert too. It's gonna stink. They were mad at us for not going. Yeah. And I do not regret the decision. I haven't heard from them since they left Andy and, and LA definitely pissed at me.


They're like, we're recording without you while we're doing this. But I, I had to bail. Yeah, that's a, that's a staed up rv. That is a super stank rv. It's gonna be like every white castles And he can stop at. Nobody's gonna sleep. Everybody's, I guarantee nobody brought water. No one thought about water. It's a bunch of weed. Some booze. That's it on that. Maybe some shreves. That's gotta be kind of fun though, honestly. Yeah, yeah. For a little bit. Once you custom, once you get acclimated, it's gonna smell like a mushroom farm. But once you Get acclimated, You smell. You're like, what? Smell fucking fine. Damn. Oh yeah. You got Yeah, skunk Fest. We got Skunk Fest. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be sick. Yeah. I'm gonna be Fun.


Damn. You guys are gonna be so high on drugs there. You are gonna get Covid. I think I'm gonna taking it. Yeah. I do get Covid every single time. Every time you leave Skanks. Yeah. Well, I'm only gone, I'm only done it to once but ruined when I got back past Three, I've gotten Covid. Do you really? Yep. And I'm probably gonna get it again. Are you gonna do a bunch of drugs when you get down there? So you're gonna take it easy? I'm gonna try to take it east, but you know me. It's gonna be impossible. The party never ends. I don't find it like the dude, like, everyone's like, I'm gonna do acid down there. I'm like, no way dude. Yeah. It's scary. And I, yeah, yeah, Dude. Like the 40th dude, like sweating his nuts off in cargo shorts in the desert being like, And Your face like, which is fine. But when You are on my mushrooms, the last thing I wanna do is like, talk to anybody.


Yeah. So I'm like tripping on mushrooms and dudes are like coming up in my face. I'd be like, I have to go back. And you go back. Yeah. Vegas is like, man, sick. It is a sick thing. They put together I. just the vibe in Vegas, man. It is a city I don't like at all Certain times. Especially that area can be real sad. Like once you get up, 'cause you you're up till 5:00 AM and then that, that like little area gets It gets dark. Yeah. Super dark. Well, there's nothing there for me. It's only, it's just literally Vice. And I'm like, dude, I, I can't partake in anything. If you don't do, like, if you get, if you don't partake in Vice and you go to Vegas, it you, you're just like, this sucks. You just sit There and like, you could just go smoke cigars though. I could smoke cigars. You could just light up sto I could light up cigars. I mean, dude, they're so, it It is something so kind of gay and corn ballish about smoking cigars.


But I can't help it. I genuinely love them. I'm, I'm a gay cornball. Yeah. I think It's, I know there's, there's something kind of corn ballish about cigar culture. It is like, yeah, dude, It can be. Yeah. Yeah. I love lighting up a stick. Dude know. Tell me not to light up a stick, but I'm like, you hear about Ulysses grant smoking like 50 cigars a day and you're, you're like, yeah, That's cool. I don't wanna Do that. Wolverine likes him too. I've been watching X-Men Wolverine. You Jackman loves him. Yeah. No, just Wolverine. Just Wolverine. Yeah. Hugh Jackman does like musicals and shit. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. He's like, he's been on Broadway for a while now, right? Yeah, bro. I forget. What was the play he was doing? I don't remember. But I just, I don't know. I Don't know. What, the Fuck play. He was in Wolverine. I think he was in Fuck. I don't know.


I heard the Deadpool Wolverine flopped. I heard it was really good though. I didn't see it. What was he in? Hey, you. There he is, bro. Yeah, dude, That's the bro. That's Wolverine man. He's an actor. He's an artist. He's A truth thespian. Mm. I mean, dude, I could see if you're a Broadway, He's a man. If you're a Broadway performer, that's Yeah. I thought he was in like the Sound of Music or something. If you're a Broadway performer, I could see like that not scratching your itch being he probably does Wolverine like, oh, There's no pageantry. This Beastly movie. Barbaric, Barbaric movie. Wolverine is the best. I Do like extending my claws Though. Yeah. I'm not, that is funny.


Wolverine was the guy when you were like, little kids You are like, all right, let's play X-Men. Your boy would be, I'm Wolverine. You're like, dude, I quit What. The Fuck am I Supposed to do now? I did like Cyclops, dude, Cyclops rule. I, my friend would try to make me be Cyclops and I'd be like, no, thank you. I Thought he was a dork compared to Wolverine. Chet Hanks is the man now. Chet Hanks was Ops No, just Gambit. Gambit is Chet Hanks. That's not Chet Hanks. No, not actually, but he was, He was like a dude who taught, like, he talked like a Jamaican dude. No. Yeah. Sort of. That's what I mean, like as a, as a person. Like did he really? Yeah. His whole thing was, he's like a Louisiana guy. Yeah. Oh, I got Bayou guy Got that. Remi Lebo. Yeah, The ga The Gambit.


I always just thought he was a white dude. Sounded black. Never heard. I never heard the man speak. It's Cajun. Yeah. Truth, truth. I, I heard a little Creole. There's some Creole going on in Turks and Caicos. They also got the what? Do Haitians speak French or they speak? Do they speak a little Creole? I think they speak a lot of French. I Think Creole is French and like Yeah, it's like mumbling French basically. Yeah.


Does Blue Chew work? If you're asking that question, we want you to know that Blu Chew is putting their money where their mouth is by giving you a month free. Blue Chew is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But at a fraction of the cost and in a chewable form, the process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers. And once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription. Within days Bluetooth tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever an opportunity arises. I mean, God damn dude, who doesn't want a hard ass fucking boner Blue Chew wants men rock hard. They told me that's the mission. They will not stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house till every 10 is pitched till every rod is raised. Discover your options@bluechew.com and we've got a special deal for our listeners, Try BlueChew FREE, when you use our promo code DRENCHED at checkout, just pay $5 for shipping. That's blue chew.com promo code drenched to receive your first month free. Visit bluetooth.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.


PrizePicks is America's number one daily fantasy sports app. With over 5 million active members, PrizePicks is the easiest and most exciting way to play daily fantasy sports. Unlike other apps on PrizePicks, it's just you against the numbers. All you do is pick more or less on two to six player stat projections and watch the winnings roll in. You can now win up to 100 times your money on PrizePicks with as little as four correct picks. PrizePicks is the best way to get action on sports in most states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. PrizePicks puts their members first. So all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When my picks hit, I can get my money in as quick as 15 minutes. PrizePicks invented the flex play, which means you can still cash out even if your lineup isn't perfect. You can double your money even if one of your picks doesn't hit. Man, that sounds great. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 off when you play $5. That's code drenched on PrizePicks to get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. PrizePicks run your game.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. What's something you'd love to learn as an adult? Do you still make time to learn new things as often as you'd like? Or was that lost in childhood? Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we lose that curiosity. What's something you'd like to learn? Guarding a new language or maybe how to finally beat your best friend in bowling Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era quote can come at any age. I mean, what a great thing to do, dude. Whoop your friend's ass in bowling and show him who's the boss. Just really discover your personal center. Just watch him lose you. Feel better than your friend. You wanna feel better than your friend at Bowling? I advise you to go to therapy now. That'll fix your problems. If you're starting, if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suit it to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time. For no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash mssp today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/mssp. Let's get back to the show.


But yeah, dude, I man, dude, those 'cause Turks and Caicos is right near Haiti. It's right near Dominican Republic. Dominican Republic and Haiti are on one island, I think. Yeah, bro. Every time I've been to like a resort, Dominican Republic and now Turks and Caicos, you see the Haitian bros and they're like, scary man. Like for real. Like I'm not like, obviously if it's like You are like second generation, like whatever, like the dudes that comes 'cause they're coming from fucking hell dude. Yeah, yeah. Places. It's like a fallen state. Yeah. You are like, because you like it. The Riz necessary to live on an island is crazy. Dude. Everyone you see is just like Riz on 40. Yeah. You bump into a Haitian guy, And, they just kind of just like stare at you. Like they'll be like sitting on a pallet and you're like, Hey man, what's up? And they're like, they're like, oh shit, my bad Bro.


Just thinking about cutting you out. I'm just trying to practice my rib dude. I'm Trying to like, I'm just trying to big up you mom. And like, Because dude Is just fucking staring at me with cat eyes and I'm like, Yo bro. My bad. Back to sweeping up rocks in 110 degrees. I guess that's, I think it'll have a sugary drink. It is sad, dude. The place didn't let people tip either, huh? It didn't let people tip at that resort. It was against the rules. Huh? You couldn't tip. So you had to like, if you did it, I wouldn't wanna incriminate anybody of the force there. If you did it, you had to do it like Super Deal. There's like a drug deal. Yeah. You had to like hide it under a plate and be like, Yo. I, I little something under the plate. And, they have to like take 'cause there's like cameras and shit. If they're, if they're caught taking tips, they get fired.


That's Crazy. Yeah, bro, I don't understand. I mean, I, I, the only thing I can think of is like, I guess you don't want them like hounding people for tips. Yeah. But I don't think people would, dude. I mean that's the move. Just say don't hound them, but if you get one. Yeah. If you, if you're annoying and people complain, but it's like, dude, if they, if the people I, I heard again, I don't wanna slander the place, but I I, someone was trying to tell me they pay them $7 an hour and Turks and Caicos is USD. Oh yeah. And I looked it up. Yeah, dude. And eggs are $8 a dozen there. That's Crazy. If you're, if you're getting, if you're for real, which I dude, I'm like, is it really seven bucks an hour? That's crazy, bro. That's devastating. And it's fucking so hot. Dude. It was 93 degrees, 75% humidity every day with like a glaring tropical sun.


You're just not allowed to dip in the pool or nothing. Or to hell no, dude, If you get caught in the pool, Polo, polo and slacks, It's bro. Yeah, it's like, it's like a polo and slacks or like a fucking like wedding, like a vest in like dress pants and it's so hot. And then they're like, you couldn't slip the bro like five, 10 bucks after the, you couldn't like put it under the plate. Which, you know, again, I don't want to get anyone in trouble. Maybe I slept a couple Lincolns around, but That's fucking bullshit though, man. It's like, dude, if everyone gave them crazy, like $2 crazy. It's Crazy. A day they, they could leave the shit. That's the other thing too. They probably wanna trap 'em in. Once they get that tip money, they might be like, man, fuck sweat and this shit. Yeah, just Save just your tips for like a year. Get outta there.


But then it's like, where you gonna go? There's like, it's tourism. That's the main export or whatever It is. But it's like, I looked it up. Turks and Caicos is a collection of 40 islands too. I didn't know this So. that was one place. It's me, 40 fucking, one of them's is Iguana Island, which I'm like, if you're counting that one, It is kind of fucking, It is literally just a, nobody lives there. Just iguanas. You just get out and you're like, yeah, this is pretty sick. I wonder if All the iguanas went there or they moved all the iguanas there. I feel like it's, they moved all the iguanas there out of the hotel. Just Let em roll out. They're Just like, All right, well let's give the iguanas this island so they don't bother all the hotel people. I don't know. But you, they had a big stray cat problem. You'd be on the resort and there'd be these stray cats Called the Haitians up.


True. Kind of disproves the theory. Yeah, because there was a lot, dude, there was many stray cats. And you would see like, like you would see like people's kids just like start petting them at dinner. And I was like, Yo bro. Like, and like Manji Manje cats. Yeah. He looked crazy looking. Yeah. Do you feel bad for him though? Yeah. That was that. That was, I forgive him. My wife made a terrible racist for Mark. 'cause my daughter was like, I wanna pet the cats. And my daughter was like, yeah. She's like, why can they do it? My wife was like, 'cause they're white people. I said, Hey Brittany. All right, knock it off. And I was like, it's kind of on point though. It was like, it would just be like these white kids just grabbing these like flea ridden cats and I was like, Yo. That's probably something I would need too if I was a kid.


Yeah, of course. My mom would yell at me about it. But I would definitely go to try sneak, try it. I would sneak, throw some fish I would like, I'd get little meat off my plate and toss it down. And I was doing it on the low and Brittany was like, she was so Don't, cause they just started coming over. Don't feed the catch Don don't tip the weight. Yeah. You couldn't do anything. He was like, can I do anything nice here? No. So I stuff my fat fucking face. Yeah. And sit In the lazy river It when you get the full experience of like, yes, I have people serving me. Yeah, yeah. True. That's Lordship. Yeah. Yeah. I should get more into that. Might be nice. Yes. And leave me immediately. Yeah, it's, it was sick though, man. It's like I I just like I got down there. I was like, I'm not gonna drink any of these sugary fucking bullshit drinks. I was crushing, dude Fired up my mama, Bro.


Pina Coladas. I had a Bahama mama, a mud. I had a mudslide dude. Oh, I never had Maya cried. I had a mudslide. She wanted it so bad you can't have it. But that's Like a milkshake, right? Like alcohol Didn't even, I don't think there's even alcohol in it. It was so fucking good. You get her the virgin drinks. That's what I always used to want when I was a kid. I used to need the Virgin Shirley Temples or the Virgin Pina Colada. Virgin Strawberry daiquiri. Yeah. I was giving her the Virgin. I was hitting the virgin Pina coladas. I would hit the kids with them And. they would just lose their fucking minds. They're so good, dude. Yeah. I only got one good sash of a pool bar and it was mean. It was everything I wanted. It was So fun. The pool bar is awesome. Oh my God. Dude. I was just, I, every day I would just kind of crush like these five milligram edibles.


I had these little mints that, sorry to the Turks and Caicos authorities. I did smuggle 'em into your country. And. they, they're Gonna be so mad at you dude. You are gonna drugs you Tipped there, sir. Come get me bro. Breaking all the Rules. Come get me, bro. You fed The cash. You go back in a year. Like we heard what you did. We know what you did, mom. Nah, they, they were chill. They didn't give a fuck. But apparently it's like you can't have like C, B, D, you can't have anything there. They say, I don't know if that's just to kinda like jam you up, but you know, I'm not, look, I'm not gonna get into it. They didn't really check anything think of, but It is not an island vibe. It's kind of lame. They're like that against the fucking gge. But they also, again, I'm not telling anyone to bring weed into Turks and Caicos, but It is pretty fucking easy.


If you really want to, But probably have no idea what It is. Certain people. Yeah. I mean, dude, my, my shit was just too, it was they were mitts. Yeah. So I had this little mince I had, you know, whatever. I can't switched up. It was what It is just simple off. You wouldn't Bring flour in there, would you? That seems terrifying. I would be too scared to do it. I'd be shook. There was some flour there, but I Won't get into it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe someone else. I don't know. I don't know what Happened. Maya had it. I tossed it in the frozen suitcase. Maya, you smoking weed again? God damnit. I told you to knock it off, dude. But yeah, I was sick man. I would just crush these little five milligram mint edibles. That's nice. Smoked ogies all day and just fucking, just every meal.


Just pound like peanut clots. It was, it was literally, I was absolutely in heaven. Hell yeah. Until I got back and had a dude, I had a, for real, it, it was, I haven't spazzed this hard in public in a long time, but I almost got in a fight with an African dude. Yeah. In customs on the way back And. he was tra we were both fellow travelers. He wasn't working there. We were like, you know, when you're traveling and like, so like when you go through customs, you gotta like, you go through customs coming off the flight, and then you gotta reclaim your luggage and then put your luggage back through the TSA security. It's fucking so annoying. Yeah. I didn't know about, but, so we, we do that. So we're like, I'm with Brittany, you know, we're all like, kind of broken up. It's like Brittany and Chloe Chloe's in the stroller. I have Maya with me and I'm like, try, I have like a ton of suitcases I'm trying to bring up in this like, African dude.


He's pretty, He was like old too. Like I was probably in his fifties, like cuts in between us and then starts like pressuring, like, kind of like push in front of Brittany and she's obviously not for that kind of stuff. She turns around like, bro, are you, fuck. Like, what are you doing? I'm like, It is whatever man. It's fine. We, we got our bags on. Yeah. I'm like, that shit's so fucking annoying. Then we get the line was just like, you put your bags in a little machine and then you gotta go to another line to get through like some other fucking TSA bullshit. And the guy like, so we're standing there and I'm like, behind Brittany and the guy starts doing this like side assault where he is trying to, 'cause there wasn't like a demarked line. It was just like a mob of people, like slowly funneling into like a one person line. So he starts doing that shit where he is like oozing past her And. he bumps the stroller and Brittany's like, Yo.


Sir, if you could not like bump into my kid again, you already did it back there. If you could not do that, that'd be great. And the dude was like, Shut the fuck. And. he He Was like, oh, African spas. And it's like, and I like, Brittany was like, yeah, I guess like, you know, if, if you're from Africa, like some lady starts mouthing off. I, I could see him just Fucking, he's short circuited. He Fucking dude blew away, dude. I, I, for real think he like real, he was Waiting for you to grab her. He didn't know we were together. Oh. I was like kind of a person behind her. 'cause I was like, you know, he Probably just thought it was a solo lady, Thought it was a solo single mother. Probably. He's probably disgusted, bro. Yeah. Yeah. So she was like, and she like, she, she obviously is no stranger for conflict. So she was just like, Yo, sir, if you could not do that, that'd be great. You're literally bumping into my kid. And He was like, drink the fuck, open it. He was like, just started spazzing out.


And I'm like, and then like, I'm like, Yo bro. And then like the, the guy, the TSA agent was like, Yo dude. What the Fuck. Are you doing man? Yeah. Relax. Like, what do you like? It's not, not worth it, man. Don't go. You know, he like left the, he's like, go ahead, get the fuck outta here. Like, come on man. But he's like, I'm my father. He starts spazzing out. So now I'm just sitting there and the guy's like, Yo, man, it's not worth it, man. It's nothing. You know, nothing. Go to jail over. I'm like, yeah, yeah, for sure. And as soon as we like get in line next to each other, I'm like, What, the Fuck is your problem. And. he, he like said something and I, I like scream spazz and like, 'cause we were, you know, when you're in a line it like snakes from here, it goes like boom, boom, boom, boom. Yeah. So he was on one side of the divider. I was on the other side and I like leaned over. I was like, I'm gonna fuck you up. I like blacked out.


'cause he said something to me. 'cause I was like, dude, could you re like, chill the fuck out? Yeah. And then he said something to me and I just blacked out. And I was like, and I leaned over the thing. I was like, I'll fuck you up right now. And. he just was like, What the Fuck because then he put it together. He was like, oh, I didn't, he, I didn't, I guess he didn't realize like we were together. And then So he thought you were just outta nowhere. Leaned over. He was like, I'll beat the shit shit outta bro. And I'm like, dude, I'm flying with kids. I'm like, yeah, whacked on caffeine. It was just this guy. It was just like, bro, that's, he caught the wrath, dude. It was. And I felt bad. I instantly, I felt real like embarrassed. I was like, oh fuck. That was kind of ugly. And then, and then like he was, there was another black, there was like a black dude in front of him, American black dude. And then they were like close together. And the dude, like the other guy looked back at me kinda like, yeah, like it's all good.


And I was like, dude, I'm sorry I didn't, He was like, I don't know this fucking guy. And then I started thinking he might've been kind of slow. I was like, bro, I think he might be kind of like autistic or something. Yeah. But I then like, I got it and I was like, no, this guy's just a fucking dickhead. We for real almost fought in the airport. If he had like lunch forward, we would've fought. Yeah. Dude's like, I wasn't ready to go to jail. The guy's like, you don't wanna go to jail. I'm like, yeah, you're right dude. Right. And I went up. I was like, fuck you pussy. I'll fuck you up. Are you still Caicos Customs? This Was in Miami Airport. Okay. Okay. I was in Miami. You know how I gave the 3 0 5. Right. I, for real, I haven't spazzed like that. It was bad. And then we all had to just all stand in line for like 30 minutes. We were Like, It was bad. I apologize to the people in line at the Miami airport. It wasn't my best showing Either.


I feel like the American black people in line were tickled about the whole, they were the guy, one dude just kept like, every time you see me, he just started, we would like meet again in line. He'd be like, bro, you would look at this guy and go, fuck that guy. Yeah. It was bad. People had a, it was, people were kind of like giggling to themselves about it. 'cause we all had to stand together for literally 30 more minutes. And then me and him would come. We would like look at each other again across the divider. 'cause the lines would match up again. Yeah. And he'd be like, so he would start like saying something like, bro, it's fine man. It's already squashed, bro. Beef squashed. Just let it go. He kind of bitched. I'm like, you bitched out man. It's fine. I would, it's all right. I just beefs Over. I won Literally one stop talking about it. Yeah. Dude. Fucking get over bro.


I fucking, basically, I basically beat your ass in the tsa. I'm very happy. Honestly though, he didn't do anything. 'cause I would've went to jail. Yeah. Hell Would've Nuts. If I get, if I get a certain level of angry, I'm might, I'm not like a big badass. I'll literally blackout and I just lose sense of everything going on. Yeah. The guy could have like beat my ass. How He was like big. He He was like, He was like a short African king. He was like a stocky. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Stocky ball, Bald. He was also, he threw it a bit of an elder though. He was a bit of an elder. So you know, gene Polo sandals. I pretty Much did. Pretty much did. I'm picking up what you're putting now. I got a be a perfect mental image of this. Yeah. But now I think about it. You don't wanna fight that guy though. I exactly don't think I could've fucking killed me.


I don't know what the hell that guy, you know, you could've hit me with some like African wrestling dude. Yeah. So he could have Blow sand in your Eyes. Popped my eye. Yeah. He could My eye. Yeah. It was the closest I've come to fighting an old African man. And hopefully that's the closest I ever come. 'cause that was, that was, it was just not a good look for anybody involved. Especially If glass barrier, he literally in front of the whole crowd was like, fuck you to my wife. And I was like, bro, I can't let that ride, Bro. Yeah. Especially with the kids there. They can't have that memory. Kids were there, bro. I was like, can't. It was just instinctual dude. It was funny too for the guy to be like, Yo bro, frill just let it go. Don't worry. I'm like, oh yeah dude, for sure. I'm already over it. Just sitting. Fuck you Puy classic Kid in high school. Like, I don't even care anymore. I don't care anymore.


Then ah, he just do Overdose. He started it. I'm not even the one. Yeah, dude. He, he did start it and then we got outta the line, we're fuck you up. How fuck you, dude. It was bad. And then I like inched over to his side of the thing. And, he kind was like, What, the Fuck is going on. Why is this white van so mad at me right now? White, the co devil. He just did nothing in his mind. He did nothing wrong Five minutes ago he just put a woman in her place. Yeah. Yeah. He just had one a day. He tells a woman to shut the fuck up. At least when you shut The fuck. Yeah. I can't do his voice. I'm on island time right now. He Thought he was doing your job for you. He thought he was helping you. Well, He was like, don't raise your voice to me. He had, he had a woman raising his voice, raising her voice to him in public And.


he just fucking, he he snapped. Yeah. And then it's like, I was like, bro, I can't, I just can't let it ride. We Should all have a little more of that in us. Yeah. He's Really just a woman Raising her voice. Spa. Shut the fuck up, bitch. This is what lame was on the other day too. Was he really? No, we trying about You. should we should. Nevermind. I don't We already covered it. We Covered, we covered the motherfucking bases. Oh, very curious. One of Lama's many hot takes. Dude, It is so funny. The classic. It was, it was actually very funny. His thing about how he loves, what did he say? He loves Xbox. He loves video games. And, he breaks controllers all the time. So It is like, it makes Sense though. It's like if you love a woman, why wouldn't she? Funniest thing ever.


But they also was cracking me up the other day. Remember when He was like, I don't want to be autistic. Everyone wants to be autistic and I don't want to, but I am. Yeah. He can claim he's, yeah. I, a lot of people are out here posing autism. La me's got the secret man sauce. Genuine. He's genuine Article. He's Got the secret sauce. Yeah. He can try to attack the La Mer man. It's like, bro, I think it was since we were down was this, since we were down here when He was like, had the realization, I remember being with him when He was like, I'm, I'm autistic. Like he like, and this was couldn't have been more than a year ago where he just, it like for real hit him like, I'm actually autistic, aren't I? And I was like, wait, You are just like, You are just putting that together, bro.


Yeah, man. You have fucking wrestling figures in your Room. I have wrestling figures. Of course. You are like, he, he knows like deep cut characters of everything he's into. It's, it was so funny watching him be like, I'm autistic And everybody, I think it was like me. I think we were at the stand. It was like, me, you, Allie being like, bro, I don't think he remembered this. You don look like you Remember. Probably not. No. But you were fucked up. He dosed again. I might've been in, he might've dosed me again. Yeah, he's, yeah, he's for sure he is kind of autistic, kind Of a, he basically remember this, he, he's the king of noticing things so long after everyone else has noticed them. Yeah. And that's just another prime example.


I forget some other ones. He said to me and you before where he'll just notice something that everyone's been talking about for months and be like, me Dude. He, he might have the wildest takes every take he spits. I, I'll be like, dude, do you want to, you wanna maybe rescind that right now? You want me to delete that? That's the craziest shit I've ever heard in my life. He'll be like, No, I do kind of admire that though. How he will die on the weirdest hills, But he'll change his mind. And then He was like, well I'm not gonna say it publicly though. Like, I'm not going to tell anyone that I think I'm wrong now. He'll keep dying on it. Stubborn as a mule. But yeah, dude, the the trip was sick though.


Nice. I was so happy to be back, man. Yeah, dude. It is crazy how nice America is. Yeah. It's best. The airport at Turks and Caicos was like, It's like a bust up. It's Crazy, dude. It, they don't have the fucking extendi things, you know? That's What I was just about to ask. No Dude, you just gotta walk out into like the blistering sun. And it's not like, it was like, I get, if you're on a little plane, it's like, yeah, you just kinda walk out. These are like full sized planes. You not just walk into the blazing heat and like walk up the steps. It's like, damn, you guys can't get the fucking extending things extend. Was it the same plane that we like the same like bow in and shit like that? Yeah. Dude. It was just like, yeah, it was like regular American Airlines. They're, they're only like an hour from Miami. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. Also dude, the fucking fake ladies in Miami.


It's crazy. The B Bbl. They're dude though, I'm telling you man, I, there were so many women that I was like, like the, the level of artificial enhancements in women now, I've said it before. They're gonna become virtually unrecognizable. Yeah. It's like, that's a weird arms race for ladies to enhance themselves. And you, once you go over the brink, it's like you're just mutant. I mean it's, and It is teetering now being too close. Like, because I, like, I, I think I'm an all natty guy. Just I'm, this is strictly off the internet shit. You know what I mean? For sure. But you see something you're like, that's real. And it takes like way longer than it used to to be like, that ass got a weird bounce to it. Or like Yeah. The thighs, it's like they're doing it. It's masterful. I'm not, I'm for it. But I, you know, I would love it to be perfected by the time my lady's like 55.


Yeah. I would copper. I would copper. It's kind of, it's their, yeah, it's their whatchamacallit like testosterone therapy. Yeah. If they can kind of just like bring their ass back up and pop those titties back out. I get it, man. You know? Yeah. You can't really fault 'em for that. Nah, because I actually want, like, I want it. Yeah. I want my lady You want your enhancements. I want her to get the enhancements all if, especially if I'm gonna stay and be faithful and shit. Like pick them titties up. Yeah. Lift their ass. Like, yeah, exactly. We'll be happy. You can go on tea too. You can go on Tea and I'm, I'm gonna go on tea as soon as it stops working. Right. I'm, I'm figuring out tea, bro. I, so I, I started taking MAA again, not even realizing it. I was just taking, I take, I was taking melatonin to fall asleep and then I saw they had like a date. That brand I take as like a daytime thing.


Yeah. Just like Lion's mane and whatever else. But they had MAA in it and I was like, I didn't, I was like, yeah, whatever dude, I've been waking up Brick dude. Yeah, no, the ma the maa is another level. Dude. I was waking up brick like, oh This is new. Yeah dude, I might have to get the maa. I like, bro, this It is MA's the same shit that I maka t you all that shit. It's like a maa root. It's not bad for you. You take it like they, they say it has a lot of iodine in it, which apparently Americans are low on iodine 'cause they took it outta the salt. It used to be in the ta. Well if you get pink Himalayan salt or whatever, any sea salt, there's no iodine. So a lot of Americans stop fucking with the regular table salt that did have a, did have iodine. Yeah. But if you eat out though, it's probably in all that stuff.


But a lot of people have a deficiency in iodine and then it has a lot. So if you take too much of it for too long, And, they, they say like, you can get too much iodine. But dude, if you go on it for like a couple months at a time, you, dude, it's crazy. I've been, I've been rocking like I, I didn't think I even like, had anything to worry about, but like now I'm getting like my full boner back and I'm like, Yo, Where you been? Hello buddy. Yeah, it's crazy. My old friend. Yeah. It's pretty wild dude. I, I suggest mocking to pretty much anybody. Yeah. And dude, again, I'll say for the record, I'm not on the t If I was on the TI wouldn't even be worried about mocking. But it's like, dude, it's, yeah, it's pretty sick. I don't you go on t is it like a, I don't even know. It. is it a pill? Popper? Are you pill popping? TI think they give you a shot.


Oh, that's, I don't like that. The, The problem though is I think, and again I could be wrong, but I think what a lot of those little like tea centers do is they give you a readout. Yeah. And I think they tell everybody like, yeah, you got low T No matter what. cause they told Our one friend, he had low T Egan. Oh, that's right. Yeah. I dunno if Egan wants that out. But it's like, he went to the T center, I think. Yeah, he's probably talked about it. Yeah, I think So. But he, yeah, dude, he, He's a young bull too. He's a young dude. He's a young stock, strong young man. The problem is if you don't get good sleep one night and go to a T center, your T will be low. Yeah. On the readout. But yeah, dude, I, I honestly wouldn't go on that stuff until you're like old and like, you don't need your like reproductive system at all anymore. Because Once you start, you're like stuck.


I think Once you start putting that shit in your body, I think, I think you can come off of it, but it's like You're gonna get Solved. It might be kind of weird. I don't know. It's like, would you wanna roll those dice? I wonder what It'll feel like though to like be 45 boosting your teeth feet. Amazing. Probably. No. Probably great. Yeah. But then you come off and then you just, like, you can just feel, You can't, you can't come off ever again. Can you come off and go back? Can you go like, for sure. Can you be like, you know what I, I need to be be my daughter's. Yeah. I guess you could. Yeah. Having A daughter, I need to be a little more sensitive. You come off the tee, she gets it back in high school, You are like, all right. I need to be ready to slap some people around. Tee up, tee up again. Yeah, you could actually, you probably could do that. That might be a, But I, I think it like fucks with your balls after a while. I think if you're on it for a while, your balls are just kind of like, no good.


No raisins. Huh? Raisins. Well, yeah, I think like your sperms all fucked up. So I, I think you just gotta wait. I, I really do wanna wait till I'm like 60. Yeah. Yeah. Try to keep it together as much as I can and then smash the glass and just become an absolute monster. And I'll, I'll be like disrespectful with it too. I'll take like way too much and just become an absolute monster. Just mean to people. Such a dick. I don't know. We'll see. It is, it's, it's tempting though. 'cause I heard you do you feel like a teenager basically, from what I've heard, That'll be nice. But again, it's Penis. They give it to you in pellets. Now It Is a pellet's not the shot. It's a Shot and the pellet is in the shot and they're like little tiny pills. Weird. And then it, it, it over six months it just melts in your ass.


Yo bro. Pause dude. So It is a little pellet. It just sits in your skin. Wait, are they giving the shot directly into a butt cheek Sometimes. Or your leg? Oh Shit. Yo. Look that guy's, they drew his nutsack on the back of that medical photo. Totally unnecessarily. Look at the diagram of the guy's body. His little, his little, I dunno if it's his helmet or what. No, go to the other one. Go to the one to the right of that next to it. It's like the Yeah, the cross sectional. Yeah. They just saw, saw YouTube. But they showed his scrotum, his little Scrotum. Why do they do that? They don't need to show that. Like we get the guy's laying on a side And. he has a penis. You don't have to show his Little bit Of bulb. And that's so they insert it with this thing right here.


Oh man. I wouldn't even wanna, weird, weird. But Why is that that better? Because you don't have to give yourself a shot. Yeah. That kind of Suck. Yeah. Oh, when You are on T, it's like a Every week you hit the doctor. Yeah. Going damn forever. That stinks I. just have a doctor visit as part of the weekly. Yeah, but get charged up shot. Yeah. I mean it's definitely worth it. But yeah. I don't know man. I'm hesitant. I'm really hesitant about that. Yeah. Because I feel like, and once you start that it's like it'd be hard and you might be like, I, I could be a, maybe a menace dude if I went on tea, I might be a menace. It's going to bring back like that childhood. Like I'll fuck anything.


Like if it, like who knows what that's like once you're like in a married Yeah dude committed thing. Like those are demons you don't even need back. Like Yeah, you just start drinking. But it's like you can get her totally enhanced then you just go on the sauce and just let it all just fall apart. She starts like cheating on you. And Holiday Inns and You are just out fucking like Yo. What's your name? Yo lady? Yeah. Come Here. Addicted by future. I think it's a future of any dude. Yeah. It's my favorite place to eat breakfast. And you're really pretty. Fuck. I'm hard as hell. Celebrate my 63rd birthday by myself. I'm rock fucking hard and I'm jacked.


Really? Check out my wife's tits. Dude. Apparently there was a, did you see It is like a really weird thing to hear about. I saw it on Twitter, but there was a Bridgeton convention. You know the show Bridgeton? Yeah. Yeah. It's like porno for ladies. It's just like the English society and it's just literally just sex scenes the entire time. I think you might have fallen asleep. We were sitting next to a lady on a plane. She was sitting between us just watching Bridgeton. Oh. And just like the sex scenes while just on a plane was, it's crazy. Insane. But dude, there was a, you know what I'm talking Do? You Know. What I'm talking about. Yeah. Dude. This shit is the fucking bunch of ladies cosplayed as Bridger. They got scammed by this dude who when they went in there, all their Wait, what?


Dude, this made me laugh so hard as bunch of big fat ladies just to go to what they thought was like a bridger inspired, like classy ball. And it was, for some reason they were like, they'll be dancing there So that they put like a bullshit buffet that ran out. And then there was a ran, there was a pole dancer somewhere. Yeah. True. True. Back there though. There's one on, Oh there's a bridge And. he probably clean out. Oh dude. But, but they hired a pole dancer for some reason. So in the corner there was just a stripper lady dancing on a pole. It was crazy man. It, it was a whole like Twitter thread about it. It made me laugh. So fucking hard to see a bunch of ladies show up and be like, this stinks.


I get Thought that. I was just gonna say, I guarantee the next one is going to be dude heavy. 'cause word's going to get out that this was like a like just fat bitches who, who were just like trying to cosplay and shit. Yep. And next time it's gonna be like 10 women and a thousand dudes. A bunch of, just a bunch of oaks dressed up. Yep. With coattails. Just gentlemen, dude. Like the lady, middle lady. Would you like to have this dude that would be going home, pulling someone from the bridger ball and just, I mean dude, look at that bro. Having to hike up that giant Dress. They thought, dude they, that was a, for real. That's like a girl brain terrorist dude. To throw the bridgeton ball for $300 and just have like the worst buffet and just a pole dancer for no reason.


Just A lady pole dancer. Yes. It was a pole. It was a lady pole dancer. But it's like, I feel like women are dressed up for the bridgeston ball. They don't need to see a lady like Yeah. In a bikini kind of doing pole Dancing. She wasn't like in Blooms. Like those those big No, she was just fucking, just a lady. Just like a modern day poll answer. Untilled. I'm gonna see if I can find the fucking thing. I won't find it. It was on Twitter. It made me laugh. I. just that made my morning man. That is nice. Yeah dude, that was, I wish, I hope I can pull it up. That shit made me laugh. There we go. Yeah, the food was raw. She shit. Oh, the view was probably all over it. Yeah. Yeah.


Let's see. They're trying, Eric, that's the best Picture dude. That's the funny, the lady who just gave up on standing, the Lady who sat on the floor He was like in a hotel guy and she's sitting like, she slid down the wall like she did slowly. Nah, it was just ladies dude. Ladies at the Bridgeton event in like a Holiday Inn. There is that. The strips a bold answer. Yeah. Dancing my man in the corner. Just It is, It is just Vibing. Yeah. They said a fucking pole dancer. Yo ladies beware. Scam alert. You're at the Bridgeton ball. The Bridgeton ball. There'll be you and a bunch of other very lonely ladies Disappointed In your coolest dresses. Yeah man. That's, it's just absolutely criminal.


Ah, Poor ladies. Yeah. Yeah dude, that's, I don't, It does not like safe. No, it doesn't actually Fall. That's the thing. Like the guy who put, they showed the promo, like it was like a club promoter who put it together. Yeah. Beef. Such an animal. Dude. Trick. I mean he must have made, so he probably made like 20 grand Tricks dude. With like no overhead. Dude, that guy is such a vibe though. He's security. True. He is making sure Post it up. Everybody in the perfect spot Puts their hands on the merchandise. Yeah. Security. But yeah, that's, yeah, there's there's a young tutor right there. Yeah. It Looks like Baren. True. I love that. We have, yeah, now you're right. The next Bridger and Ball. Someone's gonna throw, throw one. It's gonna be so nice. Why is Will Smith trending? Why is he trending?


That's never good. It's trending a sports too. That's never good. I don Don't give a fuck. Probably something with Diddy. Oh no dude. Oh, okay. They're, they're accusing him of a, oh yeah. Oh, this is what I was talking about with you the other day, Nate. How a lot of the Diddy allegations are purely criminal, but then some of them are just black dudes being like a Yo. Yeah, true. Like the, I saw one that was like, Diddy had his shirt off with so and so at the pool. I feel like that's totally, I know. Supposed to rock the beater. I know. It's just you and the bro. Just one of y'all gotta rock the beater. I mean dude, there were probably, it was just, he was having like wild sex parties and it's like if you're, you know, if you're in like the, that like sphere of like celebrity, like that level of celebrity, it's probably like Yeah, we can do whatever we want.


Yeah. You come up and it's like Yo did he throws the coolest party? Mm. He probably, there's probably like levels to it too. There's probably like the inner sanctum and once you get into that it's probably like what the, cause they were all those guys were like all, did you see the video of them all like laying in a bed together? Yeah. No I didn't. Dame Dash got in that And. he, he had to come out and be like, I didn't do shit dude. Yeah. Aaliyah was in it. I think in that same picture He dated Aaliyah. Dame Dash dated Aaliyah for a while. I Think a lot. I think there was like a lot of hol like Dame JR Kelly, r Kelly, Mary R. Kelly Mary. She's young and though I thought yeah they were, she was 15. I don't know if she, nevermind. I was about to say, I don't know if she like told r Kelly she was 15 'cause they did fake her on the merit certificate. They said like 18. I saw that. That doesn't mean he ain't, he ain't no Yeah, no that that was, yeah Jay-Z is, he's kind of, people are dying to get him fucking dragged down.


They want it so bad. Yeah. That that would actually, I think, I think that would like actually hurt my feelings. Just how much I fucked with Jay-Z as a kid. Like seeing him come, go down or something like this. Why do you think him and Beyonce had to do that DNC stuff? Why would they do that? They're billionaires. Why would, I mean, do they really, maybe they love the DNC or maybe there is sexual blackmail. That's the theory on Oprah. It's like Oprah was all, all Spud was saying the Diddy stuff came out. Next thing you know Oprah's at A DNC convention being like, we will Prevail. Interviewing Kamala. Yeah man. And. they do sexual blackmail. That was the whole Epstein operation. Yeah. So like, you think that was the only one? It's possible dude. It's Possible.


I don know what Oprah was doing. I don't know dude who knows. Dark. Nothing anybody wants to watch. Maybe nothing. Maybe nothing. But it's like, who knows dude, you guys know how it gets, The one thing they were saying is, You guys know how the parties get Is those things are like you bring the celebs to lure in the politicians. That's what I, I did see that online. Like you bring in the celebs, you get them coming and you tell all the politicians like did he's going to be, you know everybody. And then they, they show up. Celebs leave early but the politicians are chasing the dragon. Yeah, dude, that's how you say that. That's how the move works. That's, that's what I'm gonna tell myself. It's possible Dude didn't do nothing. You Never know. It's ho. We'll see that would be a devastating for a black community if ho gets like locked up on some Epstein stuff.


Yeah. Although that wouldn't really, I so many, I know so many black people are like, yeah dude, he's, he worships the devil. He's in the Illuminati. He sacrifice. Yeah, true. It's one say But it's true. You're like, oh shit. True. I think the barbershop will be silent just for like two days. Just like, Nah, the barbers shop's going to go nuts. Yeah, the barber shop haircuts are gonna take two hours. 'cause your barber gonna keep stopping it. Like say his little point. Dude, The barber shop's probably crazy right now. It's going. Yeah, it's definitely crazy. I got my hair cut this morning. Today were talking about the D shit. Really? Yeah. Like can I come, I mean my barber, there's no barber in Austin that I've come across as a black barber shop. I see Mexican, they all have black barber.


It's like Mexicans but like I have a black barber but it's like it's not a black barber shop. Yeah. Yeah. It's not enough of us Down here. Too much soccer talk in the barbershop. Too much. Yeah. No, they were going nuts. There's this one boy at my barbershop, he goes nuts on conspiracies every time I'm there. That's like his, that must be his whole day. It is just talking. Everyone in the shops here, all co conspiracies. I gotta go and start introducing some white conspiracies to the barbershop. They're in there. They are. At least here. You gotta go. Good one. Go to Houston. Yeah, true. Might travel to H Town just for a black barbershop. I've had like two black barbershop experiences. One was great, the other one was not so great.


What happened? I dude, the one, it was like somebody, someone I knew brought me to a barber shop in like in West Philly. They're like, nah dude. When I was like selling pills, they're like, dude, it was like my connect basically. He's like, bro, we'll go to the barber shop now. And it was kind of chill. He was like, one time I just went to one because I like the place I was trying to go was closed. And I went in, I was, it was just like dudes chopping it up, having the barbershop experience. And I was like, guys, I hate to break this up. I really need a haircut. I'm about to go to the beach. Can we just like, can we just do this real quick? I don't, I don't wanna like ruin the vibe here. Just like to shape me up. And the dude was just like, yeah, yeah. And. he fucked. Literally he fucked my, the haircut was so good then he just like butchered this one side and I believe, I think he might have fucking like get the hell outta here.


Like, like don't come back. Yeah. And I was, I was just like, dude, just want a haircut. I'm not trying to get in here and like kind of horn in on the black barbershop experience. It is just the haircuts closed right now I have to go to the beach. Can we just please strike a deal right now and come My fucking head to go to a barbershop. Like the Haircutter closed right now. I had to get it here. It's so funny. The white barbershop experience is you to like just have, just get like yapped at by like a divorced lady. Yeah, yeah. For like an hour. And it's like, yeah. Oh man. Oh that's a picture of your daughter. Wow. She's beautiful. Thanks. Can you please like the fuck outta here? So I was like And. they were having a good lively time and I walked in, it was like, Hey, who was on probation? I gotta go to the beach with my friends guys. Please give me a nice buzz. Can You line me up?


Gimme a buzz please. But either way. Well dude, so I think we made a fucking hour. Yeah, We did. So what's next? What do you guys have to do for us? Nothing. Yeah, nothing. Going to Vegas. Sin City. Baby Ette. Skunk Fest. Well if you guys feel like it, go to Matt McCusker dot com for tickets. I'll be in. Where am I gonna be? Oh dude. The New York Comedy Festival guys quit fucking playing around. I'll be at town hall in, let me see, lemme see. Lemme see. When am I gonna be at town hall? Oh my God. There It is 11 16, 20, 24, 11 15, 20, 24. I'll be in Capital One Hall in Tysons, Virginia.


And then October 24th. Milwaukee Improv. I'll be at the Wilburn. Boston. Let's go. There's a late show. There's a couple spots left you can get them. Woohoo. It's 10 18 and then 10 10. October 10th. Hilarity Comedy Club, Cleveland, Ohio. And I have a bunch of other dates coming up to round out the year. And then I'm gonna film a special and ooh, take off from touring for maybe six months to a year to come up with a new hour of standup comedy. That'd be awesome. Damn. That'd be very fun. So you know where you're Taping At? I have no idea yet. I'm not sure. New hours. Fantastic. Thank you guys. So excited. It's been fun. I'm excited to tape it and be done flying every morning It be Very. nice. Thank you guys. Hmm. Thank you. Thank you. I love you God. bless you. Love you.