(0s):
Hello. We're fired up. We're back dude. What's up dude? A lot of you fucking doubted dude. Yeah, dude. You never thought you'd see us. Haters Are just running back for their little fucking rabbit holes. Now Imagine the haters right now. Think of all the Dems and Libs that thought we would never be together. That was Lib behavior. It's Full behavior Spreading dis info online internet Shit. Nice Junk Hollow stadium. Now Bro. John Carlo. Stan's a bat. Dude. Look at the donk on this man. Damn. Yeah. Wait to see him run. Oh, he doesn't have to if he to, no, no, no. Three run shit. Warning track power. Yes, with Don. The Don. Take him up. He safe. Jizz chasm safe. Sorry, we're just, if you hate this too, by the way, watching America's pastime, if you got Got a problem with this Sorry about that, we're watching the Yeah, You're definitely a damn.

(45s):
That was, you just failed the de test. The alternate de test. Are those Guys watching Boogie Baseball for you? God no. That was full liberal behavior. But that's fine. We forgive all of it is what it is, Man. Of course we're not, we're not Joe Biden dude. We don't think half of the people are garbage All. right? That brings us to our first That was, That was so divisive when He said that. Why would he say something like that? Dude, that's like, I don't know man. For real Though. Think how funny that is bro. They had it. They had it to be Hint I mean how big of lose they're losers. Who? Yeah. The Fucking Democrats. I also like you could hand away, if You are Joe Biden, it's probably the best thing you could say. Like they're constantly trying to arrest him and his family. Garbage is probably the easiest way it is. They had the moral high ground.

(1m 25s):
They finally Got back. You got the layoff, you got Tony Hinch at the garden. The hench man, The Hunger man. And then The hench pin dude. The hing pin got loose and then General And then Joe Bidden gets on to responds on a Zoom call. He's like, zoom the camera's like up here. He is like, Hey, well they're fucking garbage dude. Fucking Talk shit. I think before, before that he was literally out to get ice cream. He crushed ice cream cream. He was in Baltimore eating ice cream. He just crushed Ice cream. Went on Zoom. It was like, you Know what? Fuck that Trump supporters I mean, to be fair, to like jump into his world for a second, imagine just like, yeah, you get the presidency taken away from you just bunch of triple scoop and you just fully sending in.

(2m 8s):
Trump fucking sucks. And reporters are dumb fucking idiots. I get it. Puerto Rico's actually my favorite fucking fucking I mean Trump hit him with that lunchroom fucking mind. Fuck. When they did the debate, he's like, or we did the debate with Kamala. He's like, he doesn't like you. And then they just kept on talking about something else. That's a great one. He actually doesn't like you behind your back. So you Know Chick with that dude, he's probably, he's probably been in a down world spiral since he Heard he hit her with Biden Doesn't like You. Yeah. No one likes you. Everyone talks about you behind you pocket. Oh Yeah. I didn't know he hit her With that. You're mean. He hit me with the fucking Beezer And they're saying she won that debate even though he said nobody likes you. Lib said she won the Debate, bro. The lib the comment. There's yeah. Yeah. Lip world comment there. Yeah. The 150 IQ writers, like Actually if you break it down, dude, the lid.

(2m 53s):
Trump had a Milk toast take actually My, can we all agree? I didn't know Trump said that to her. I can't best Nobody likes you. Edward Best actually Fucking hates you. Best. I can't get hinge Cliff off the brain dude, bro. That's all I think about. All he lose. It makes me laugh. It's the funniest thing ever. It's the funniest thing that's happened. If Trump loses, if Trump loses, it's the ultimate and it is Tony's fault Brett. And because of that World War II does take place. Tony Hinchcliffe is Arch Duke transferred name. He is You are gonna look back and go, why did this happen? Dude, I'm gonna be holding my whole family and I'm gonna see the blast radius before we go out in a hot flash. I'm gonna go an island of garbage.

(3m 34s):
You are gonna see the blast radius. You're gonna go an unbelievable He is gonna dust then. Yeah. Arguments all lie. I'll be holding my kids and like, actually it was kind of bullshit. He actually kind of crushed run. It actually was funny. It was 11:00 AM dude dust's pretty d he's probably nervous and just went back to material. Who cares? The arguments online the past three weeks have been insane. It's like people like, dude, did you know Trump actually was in a McDonald's that was closed that wasn't even open and like that's the only thing they've been arguing about. God at Hinchcliffe. That's just roasting. You guys don't know. He's actually a roast Comedian, bro. I saw Kamala Harris commercial with Tony Hinch Cliff in the beginning of it in like black and white.

(4m 17s):
They hit him with the Bike and white. Yeah. Eagle colors. Oh my God, bro. It's so good. It's the funniest person possible. You see a Tim WA commercial? No Spade. Time to be. It's so gay, dude. What'd he do? He was just like, look, alright guys, we're the game's tied? I'm gonna be honest here, but we're gonna make every block and go down the field and we're gonna try to win this game. Just try to use a football analogy like game. He's Pure Americana. Tim Wallace a pure Americana dude. He is, but he, he's only been in China 75 Times. Showed his, he showed his true colors. Dude. He was like a OC runs a mean pick six. Yeah, just It's like, Bro, he's a Defensive coordinator. You're gonna say some shit like That. He stop trying to talk football bro. He said A OC runs A media. He, he said, yeah, they played Madden together as like a Oh, I saw the video.

(4m 57s):
I saw the, then he tweeted it. I mean I doubt he even Tweeted it. I just waiting for, I saw he doctor doomed for a little bit. Sure's Twitch Streamer. Yeah, between saving in the middle class. I'm also streaming Twitch. I fucking love video games. Yeah. I Was just waiting for an AOC was 65-year-old white guy. Obviously I'm jamming video games in my basement with a headset on. It Probably actually is. Do you think I mean I mean there's, there's a lot of, it's Probably a my, I got a little never range. We're Not here. He, he was scoring Touchdown. You are scoring touchdowns. Why Alcohol that Bro. What's That? Black insurrection. Sorry. Took him apart. Yeah. Black insurrection. That was a funny. Handled Our business. Touchdown. Timmy is funny. Dude, I got so much hate. 'cause I was in the fucking comments on that.

(5m 38s):
She's like, dude, I don't think this is real. And everyone's like, you're gonna look so fucking stupid. It's like the kids talking about, I've real on an email. He is like, actually I'm gonna end it here and I'll hit you up later on and tell you the rest. It kind of, if you look at the election as like a game, it is kind of the sickest game. It's like you have him in there like, dude, they said you like sucked a Chinese guy's dick. And he is like, ah, can we just say Trump's a Nazi? You're like, yeah, we'll fire that out. Yeah, We'll fire the Nazi up. There's spread rumors about each other. That is also a crazy, Trump's actually a Nazi. He's like, you sucked a little kid's dick in China. He is like All, right? Dude, this is uncalled for. This is is uncalled for. What are we doing here? Hold on a second. You just crossed the fucking line. That's such divisive rhetoric. Let's just stop it, dude. But also Trump's Hitler So. that Hitler shit was crazy. Like Hitler was that mass in square garden? So was Trump.

(6m 19s):
Can't You see the reds on the walls? It's Like, dude, was Hitler at MSG? Yeah. Dude. 30. No, Hitler wasn't. Hitler wasn't. There was a Nazi rally was rally. But the the locals, the local Nazis, The the guys that were just trying to, they just probably love the dude Garland. Guys, you wanna talk about fucking Q Anon feeling dumb. Thinking about being a dude in 1939, going to fucking Hitler as They were American military Intelligence. I swear to God, I think there was like a banner of George Washington as like a national, like I think the background was George Washington with maybe some uas getting tossed up. Dude, he loved Henry Ford. Really? Okay. Well Henry Ford I think reciprocated a little bit. Everybody. I think he reciprocated. Yeah, I think he, he did. I think time did.

(6m 58s):
Everybody was tossing up. Just got fucking rock the end of the year. To be fair. To be fair. And they didn't Know. Mindsight was 2020 my friend. To be fair, they didn't have the, the SUA wasn't, wasn't, it wasn't yet tainted. Right. Obviously he was wily antisemitic, but No, No it wasn't. Think about that. That was a, that was a virgin SUA thirties. Germany. You see the sua, you're going, You don't know best logo of all time. Think if a country just came out nowhere with a new logo back. You say at, You would say at least hear him out. You would go, let's at least hear him out. And you go, wait, what? Wait, what are you say? Hold on. What are you up here dude, The fuck? Think about going to the garden for this Nazi rally in the thirties. Be like, yo, I got tickets. You want to go be like, yeah, I'll check it out. You Bring your girlfriend.

(7m 40s):
I don't know. These guys just make a lot of sense. Gets up on stage. He might be hinchcliffe, might be ageless, he might be a fan. He might be a, he might a dude Character resurrect. He's just resurrecting the wreck. He's, he's been waiting 300 years to resurrect the wreck. He might be 506 years old. It goes back to like ancient area. It goes back to like ancient Ariana when they went through like India. There's a, there's a H club leading them. We should ride horses, man. Yeah, It could be, that could be the real battle behind the scenes. It could just be people resurrecting the rike from like 800 years ago. Yeah. It was a Hinchcliffe Carlson.

(8m 19s):
Jordan Peterson. I will say the Wright does have, when we were watching that fucking Trump's superheroes X-Men video. Yeah. The right is is gay. Yeah. That is a It's so embarrassing. That was, that was really fucking rugged, man. We, we only watched like 10 seconds of it too. Yeah. But it was him just being like, dude fucking Elon Musk was so fucking sick. And this is A man Also clearly Incredible Cognizant ability. Dude, that's shit. And hopeful a good man. He's trying his hardest to be a good man. At least it appears that way. Which is all You can hope for. Yeah. And then they have like the, the fucking like debate buka where it's just like fucking one guy versus 25 people Was surrounded.

(9m 2s):
Dude surrounded. Dude, my mom texted us on Sunday morning. It was just surrounded about abortion. She's like, you guys should watch this. Like, dude, yo, I about that abortion commercial we got hit with during the fucking World series yesterday. It was pretty rugged. They hit like Fox hit a full fucking disclaimer before it. And then it was just some guy dressed like a mad scientist showing fucking actual photos of aborted piece. Dead baby. Yeah. It was pretty rough. Oh man. Dave McCormick commercial's on, I hate this son of a bitch, dude. McCormick Rich, Connecticut. I Already flew back to Connecticut. Connecticut. McCormick dude, fucking Man. Hedge fun. CEL Fucking Connecticut. Dude. He doesn't care about you like the Other politicians. Isn't everyone running kind of rich? Obviously. Like, I don't think there's anyone who's like this guy's poor shit.

(9m 42s):
If they are, this guy's poor. He fucking, it has to have been done before. But I keep laughing at all I want is a sketch of a dude, like a local politician, like sitting down with his family to watch baseball. And it's like Bob Casey Jr's a fucking rapist. He let a terrorist come in to rape my five-year-old daughter and just a guy sitting there like, oh shit, he Knows Coke. No one knows him, Man. He does do coke. There's just a worker giving a testimony. Like, yeah, Bob Casey showed up the other day. He raped my daughter and fucking let an illegal immigrant in here. Wait, he raped. And then led an illegal, I I'm a cop and Bob Casey fucked my ass. Dude. Fuck that guy. Fire Bob Casey paid for my K retired. Bob Casey held me down and ate my ass like a pussy.

(10m 23s):
The whole, he totally ignored my penis and just went to town on my Ass. All he did was service my ass. What the Fuck? From the front too. It was kind of nuts. Yeah. They also don't even tell you who's like by, I don't know who, what party these guys are in. No clue. They just show you. They're like this fucking faggot lives in Connecticut. Guy the fuck outta can believe he lives in Connecticut. A mansion. Which is funny 'cause it's gonna work because these dudes, somebody's gonna, I'm, if I went to vote, I'd go in there, I'd be like, All, right? It's Trump versus Kamala. Then I'd go, oh yeah, there's that cocksucker Bob Casey, fuck you. You don't know any of these people. This Guy's from Connecticut. Dude Bouncing around your head and you see a bunch of names and you're like, Oh, this is the best.

(11m 7s):
This is the best one. Transgender operations on illegal aliens. They nail her as True. Dude, I told you I saw. And then here comes the is Trump for you. That's good. That Trumps for you. That might win The one. That same ad, I think starts with, they're letting in rapists, murders and even terrorists. It's like, dude, what Mexican terrorist got there? Mexican Terrorists, dude, what they blow 13 killed Seth Rich. Yeah. Or they just cut to like a, apart from like one of those shows like the cartel pulling a head on a turtle. Turtle speak Of the devil Career. So kind Conti. Yeah, dude. I mean I mean after two weeks I think we might be out of the woods on this.

(11m 48s):
Hopefully. Nah, hopefully it's gonna be four years. Four years. Remember we got elected last time and Like, like all the chicks went out in Philly and we're like freaking the fuck out and getting Mo. Yeah, I was in, I was in Philly for that. They all get the worst haircuts to like protest. True. Imagine fucked up shit happening in politics. Like, fuck it. I'm giving myself receding hairline. They All just get unattractive haircuts. What? I Don't, I don't think the babes are gonna get as if he wins again. I think people might just get apathetic, dude. Yeah. I don't think they're not gonna Riot. I sent Shane the one I showed Shane, the one thing, the dude's on Reddit, like on our depression. Like I'm breaking out in hives with the thought that Trump might win. Like I'm really getting sick. I mean. I mean what? An embarrassing Either way, it's not gonna go up.

(12m 28s):
So pussy. Yeah, it'll be rough. Trump wins. It's gonna be bad. If Trump loses, It's gonna be really bad. Yeah. Chris' Will be happy. Stand down. Stand down. Stand by Billy. You would like a fucking Democrat led world war. Well, apparently They say that's, that's the only way wealth gets really distributed across of all of history. It's like cataclysms, I swear to God. Periods of peace create inequality. Yeah. During period is a peace inequality grows. This, this one guy wrote the book. I'm just telling you what I say That the Dresden bro. Yeah, his Words. Yeah, His words, not mine, but he was saying it's been like cataclysms that really create inequality. And then when it's peace time, obviously some people grind, some people fuck around obviously Dude, some dudes get hired by nasa.

(13m 12s):
Other guys get hung. I mean the X-Men just assembled the X-Men just assembled His X-Men have assembled JD Van. Who, who else is the X-Men? He's not wearing eyeliner. For real. What? What Is the role of V? Were VPs always this fucking like limp? No, Because I feel like Trump picked, Trump might have started that. Pence was like the most limp. Yeah, you just, he's like the most limped up Dude. No, there's just never, Vance has a little edge. Vance has a bite. Vance has a little edge dude. He's got a li but he can be like, guys, I'll shoot you in your fucking head. I love guns. I'm basically conservative. Although, although I want to fucking kill a baby. So I don't get it twisted. I'll absolutely shoot a baby with my shotgun.

(13m 52s):
Dude, I love hunting. I Love that. Were supposed to be like, yeah, they were. Isn't that sort of Just bland Roosevelt, John Adams We Try to Kill Teddy Roosevelt's career by Making the V. Yeah. Oh, He rose got Shot like day Two. Yeah. Talk about your all time backfire, bro. Yeah. Chris, you might wanna sit down on this take. Dude, you're fucking dropping the bombs, Bro. We're so close to the election, bro. Goddamn Cowboys. I'll join you dude. You and me. I'll be lib. We can join forces against the fucking right wing. Matt. McCusker broke into my house and an illegal immigrant stole my daughter's cock Matt. McCusker broke into my house and masturbated last night quietly in his bedroom.

(14m 33s):
See you guys. I'm An absolute gentleman. Just so we could, dude, I fucking, I I told you I thought I would took a melatonin. Oh, he left his, he left the gear and he is out. I thought I took a melatonin last night and accidentally I, as I put my mus mushroom micro doses in like one of my like brain things. I thought I took a melatonin. I just took a mi mi a microdose last night. It's a hard time sleeping and I, no actually, well I was pretty tired, but in, I was like, damn, it's not hitting me. But then I laid there for at least 45 minutes and I thought, I thought up the coolest video game ever. Please Dude. It's just straight up cops versus robbers. Okay. Open source. You can pick the life of a robber or a cop, but it's all there. There are obviously, you know, n whatever NPCs But you dude, don't fuck down my video game idea.

(15m 16s):
It's got muffled by the seat cushion. Yeah. Man, Dude. So it's, you can either sign up as a cop or a Robert. You can just, it's like grand theft auto. We can just do crimes like open world and as a cop you could kind of like follow people and try to solve murders. They're pretty Sick. It is sick. They'd be pretty fun. You can like quietly go into a guy's house and just fucking stab 'em. And then like a cop would've to try to like look at the cameras and put it together. I sat there and like played this game in my head for 45 minutes passed out and I was like, damn it. Melatonin kicked my ass. And I woke up, I was like Crazy ass melatonin. And I played a video game. I took him off your microdose, dude. Dream Wells will fuck you up. They're like gas station sleep aids. You can get off goPuff and like you start taking 'em and you're having like weird dream thoughts when you're awake and it's not cool.

(15m 58s):
Yeah, Dude, it's Kind of scary thing. Tony. Tony You are dreamers. Oh, Big time You went down to use bro. Yo, How was the two? Crazy. Yeah, the fucking, Yeah, he went to Monroe. I was Surprised. I fucking, I talked double. You Didn't, you didn't have mistakes. I talked to Spade about it for literally, I thought I wouldn't have that much for 50 minutes. I think on the Patreon it was, I had a lot to say about it. The Costco family put you in a mental hospital. No, no, no big justice. Nothing but love for big justice. And you, they took your shoelaces 'cause of the grizzler. You couldn't handle double Chong, Put you in check, put you in controlled, holistic Environ chamber. You watch so much that he had to go to, he checked into an institute. I drove down, I went down Skyline Said, we don't need those shoelaces. Dude. I went down I mean don't have any.

(16m 40s):
You joking? That's true. Fucking pussy pillows on my feet. So after you got outta Arkan, what happened? Ark Em. You AUM was silent. The world ain't built for guys like us. So you drove them to Virginia? I drove the Virginia. So the double Chung chocolate cookie? No, no, no. That was made you drive to Virginia to check into a No, The called it was CIA ran operation pretty Much, but no chance. CIA even comes near that. They Do, they spent tons of money on it. The the group that you were with, ccia, a Monroe Institute like Robert Monroe. Remote viewing. Yes. Talking About starlink. Okay. The place you went. Stargate. Stargate. Stargate. Sorry. My bad. My bad, My bad.

(17m 21s):
The place you went. You think the CIA's keeping tabs on that? I don't fucking know. I just know They did I believe you on that. And then they stopped. But like I went there and It was then they stopped. Yeah. I, The CI was not keeping tabs up movies In their head. They're literally doing what Matt did with the movie. They achieved heavy come outta heavy. Hold on dreams. Sorry. We gotta cover exactly what happened. No, how have your dreams been? How have your dreams been since then? The fucking Same. I can't remember about Five minutes bro. Did you, did you ever think Bill, did you ever think that you're too powerful and they didn't want you to succumb to the hemi sink? It was dude, it was fucking everyone there was very fucking nice. But it was Did you fab in the check unit? No. What? No, I saved my seed. I was right off I.

(18m 1s):
just I chilled. Wait, did you, you had a roommate? I Had a roommate. I had a black roommate for one day and he quit. Why'd he quit? He worked there. They were just like, dude, we're giving you this gift to be in this opportunity. The kid made it one day, slept through a fucking meeting and was like, I'm done. That's what I'm, bro, I thought you have Your own little like Pod. I I had a roommate. What? I had a cellmate. You had a celly? I had a bunk mate. He was, yeah. That's So uncomfortable. Oh, It's crazy. That's So I. Explain to the people what you did. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a, the Monroe Institute's a place where you can learn. You gotta go into level one. But that's the thing. Like I'm a place You can learn On, hold On what? It's, it's Remote viewing, but that's the thing.

(18m 41s):
It's as actual travel ast, actual projection and Remote. And you can just sign up online in Virginia and you drive to Virginia, and I almost did this by The way. You go to a place in Virginia, they have a place in Arizona and like, there's dudes who are like remote viewers and all this stuff. But the thing I did wasn't necessarily that it was the level one. You have to do this. I, I literally forgot the name of the thing. But, you have to do with the Level one program and it's pretty much just meditation. Yeah. So you like, I didn't know this I just like, and when I showed up, Wait, did you enter Witness consciousness or no? Nah. You have no fucking clue what You are. Hold, you've Never been to level 27. You never been to level 23. You never had a fucking roommate in a weird ass place in Virginia.

(19m 21s):
What's real double Janitor sleep next to You? Because the fucking double boom. But I, I roll in there and it's like the real World Riz sent you to fucking Virginia. It's literally like the real world dude. Just an old burnout. Roll the custodian and be like, dude, you can sleep in the bed and learn about your dreams. She's like, All. right Man, dude, I rolled in there and that's why people tripping fully, dude. And immediately there was a mam and I was like, What The fuck? And I fucking continue on, sit down and I'm chilling. They're All, right? They got outta jail and ka fucking bch em up. Yeah. Yeah. Love Alien. I fucking, I sit down, they all start bullshitting like, oh, what's your name?

(20m 4s):
Like, I'm Billy. And they're like, so did you read Journeys Outta the Body? It's like fuck's that You didn't read his book. And they're like, what about like what they named three other books? I was like, I have no fucking clue what's about to happen. Yeah, I've read a book in 25 years. Yeah. I read I Should, I should have been there. I should have Been there. You should have been there. I mean, I Read Journeys. I read, I read Part. I was kind like All. right. This is fucking Bro. If you would've gone, that Was the book I told you about. His wife was dying. He all Of a sudden you were in very good company. If You are Part of Gone to Virginia, you would've left. Like I did it a dude Beat. I would've, he Would've been like, I I, for real, I can read Mines, dude. I I did one of their, they have like a, a free audio exercise you can do. And I, I, for real, I was in my old office apartment and I was, which also wasn't a insane asylum.

(20m 46s):
It wasn't, it was an old, I was an aum. I was in AAN and I was like doing the free thing and I, I had to stop. I was like, bro, I might have just hemis san for a second. I was in my beanbag just like, bro, I might have just fucking Hemi. What's hemis? It's when both of your hemispheres of your brain in Virgin one, the corpus close separates the two half. Okay, But what happens when they sing? Hold on. You gotta, You gotta I Gotta understand. I gotta explain the neuro biological background whole thing. Okay. But it's the corpus close separates two Hal of the brain. Okay. So it's like, dude, if I were to sever that and you were to look at a thing like split screen, one eye will see one thing and you'll, you can see a thing and then use like I guess your left eye gives your right hand. Your right eye gives your left hand. Yeah. And you can look at two different things and your one part of your body won't know that you saw the thing.

(21m 27s):
If that makes sense. No, but what happens if they sink? So you can Look at two images with your eyes on like a split screen. Yeah. And they'll be like, which one are you gonna pick? And they'll like grab it with your right hand. You'll grab a snow shovel and they'll be like, why'd you grab that? But with your left eye, you actually saw a, but What happens when they sink, bro, You go to the other dimension. People Make up things in their head that What happens when They sink? When they sink Then that his, his theory is that once they fully sync up, you can like leave your body and access another dimension. That's level 10 is where you get into it and you level 10 level ten's where we started. Can't believe I got there that fast. Yeah. I mean everyone is pretty much in level nine. So it's not that hard. But fucking level 10 the first night. Like we talked for a while and then we're like All.

(22m 9s):
right? We're gonna give this a shot. Who'd you talk to? How many people were in this? 22. 22 people. This two people. There's people from Australia. Fucking holy Hungary. Shit, somebody flew from Australia to fucking Virginia. Germany. Shout Frank. Yeah, they were frank. They Were feeling it, weren't they? Everyone was I mean? That's what I'm saying. I'm, I didn't have anything so I'm not gonna sit there and shit on everyone else that day. 'cause I just feel fucking mean because why? Why do you think you were held to this plane though? Why don't we think you moved? I'm fucking retarded. I have no idea. I So you think they people that flew from Australia and Germany to Virginia? Dude cry. See this has been a life gold mine. Did he get, did he get a hyper, did he get a hyper density information packet?

(22m 51s):
Dude, So That's, no, that's when you're traveling through the actual plane and you get hit with like a packet of cosmic information that takes you years to unpack. What types Of shit did they tell You? That's another crazy thing. I couldn't put it into words. you know, I could, you Gotta ask Robert Monroe, but he got hit day. He would, he would like, again, his wife was like dying. Yeah. During the time. And he would leave his body at nighttime and then just like hit these like hyperdense information package. Oh Yeah. He was just really Stressed and having fucking Yeah. And he would hit the information packets and then he was like, Guy was like, I'm cool. I'm just going to a different dimension. Yeah. He was just experiencing associated, clearly experiencing like extreme stress. It was just like actually free. I'm just talking to aliens, you know, I go All.

(23m 31s):
right man, whenever you guys said That's how it started. That's how it then It was six meditations I think a day. Did they do brainwave driving when they would like drive, use binaural beats to drive your brainwaves and then like send you into a different state? This Guy's never even been there talking to, I'm just asking You would not last a day in tomorrow. Would never, they would gimme the keys. They would gimme the keys. They would say, bro, become an instructor. And they'd say, bro, we don't even know. What type of gear are the people? Like clothing wise, what are they wearing? It's All, dude, you could never point 'em out. It's We are legion you. You're X-Men. Yeah. We would never notice you in the crowd. No, No. Until it was time. But the First thing, it was time to what? Take naps and talk about it.

(24m 11s):
Well The first thing was like level 10 and like, dude, I've Tried as hard as I can. It was like they, you put your headphones on, you go in your check unit, it's like pretty dark and you can't see it. Shit controlled, Holistic environmental chamber check you, let's just spell it out for the people. You're Like A dude who steals valid You are, you Know, it's all like the military jargon. He's been overseas, dude. He's been, he's gone on tour. You Don't even know where the bell is. Dude, You are, you're in, you're in line at Annie ends right now in a full uniform and Billy's clocking you with a GoPro. Dude. Patch is in the wrong spot. So you Got like, you know, I was sorry. I watched the stolen ball like yesterday. You could do it for hours.

(24m 51s):
And it was the first one I've ever seen where every comment was like, come on man, let that guy alone. It was just point retard guy. That's, That's like the petto hunters are just getting retarded guys now. Like what are you doing here Mean Eight or 17-year-old One. Did you see that one? Who's the one gigantic? Alex Rose. He's The best. He Did you see when he screamed at the kalo rally? Yes. And he got his phone. He's like, why are all the people going to dinner parties? That guy's the best. You see a bunch of people turn around. Go, come on Man. He showed up to a ca rally real Dinner party. He's a YouTube PE hunter. And he showed up to a Kam rally went, how come everyone that backstage to the dinner party? What's Up with that? It's funny if you people Block him with the calo signs, be like, don't look. It's so funny. It's funny how much, this is like 2016 and 2020.

(25m 34s):
And then now it's just like, dude, this is all kind of fucking embarrassing. Like on every side. It's just like, dude, shut the fuck up. Well Now you can use the presidential race to boost your own just channel. That has nothing to do with it. Dumb miniman. That's, it's like, it has nothing to do with it. You're like, you fucking love Diddy. Why did you suck these dick? And it's like, yo, Bobby, by the way, check out. Bye. My march. Yeah, he's Great. There's a video of those guys like busting some pedophile in a parking lot and the kid's so angry and they're just crying, laughing, Dude, not to, not to sound like a total lip, but this could genuinely be the fall of capitalism. Just dude's like, dude fucking ugh. Just getting shot in the face while you try to like get your YouTube channel on a political He got fucking throne too.

(26m 17s):
He did? Yeah. They grabbed his phone in throat. Oh, I saw the tweet about That. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, I just saw a picture of a black dude and he was like, who's this fucking donkey face that threw my phone? That's the only tweet I saw. I was like, God damn. Things are heating up. Things seem to have been chill until the last like week. I mean I mean got shot in The head. No, no, of course that but I meant, I meant the, Well, the numbers are so good, bro, if you, we shit Got rowdy the last couple days here. Where the fuck were we? We should have been in there. Dude, we should have been at the heart of the election just being like, by, by the way, guys, link in the description. Please check. By the way, I've done no research and I'm not gonna vote. So Oh Yeah, but fucking level 10 was, I tried as hard as I could.

(26m 60s):
My fucking forehead was vibrating, but I think that was in Oh, careful. What? Yeah. Be careful. That's the third Eye. I know. And I was like, oh this is, maybe there's something here. And then like the further you Forehead vibrated while you're taking a nap. Yeah, pretty much. And like, that's what I'm saying. I'm not, I'm not sitting there. That means you're Exerting too much effort. I've been there before. I'm not yet. I'm not saying I have secret fucking powers on the next men or anything, but fucking the next day it's like we're getting into like level 15 or whatever. And then they lost me when they're like in it. You're sitting there, you hear all this stuff. He's like, and now You are in level 15. Time is not real. Yes. And I was just sitting there like one Fuck, two, three. That's exactly four. Right. Fuck. It's real still. Yeah. One in Mississippi, two.

(27m 40s):
You can, One can make the argument. But yeah, I, I tried Time's not real. It's not, it's I mean and once you leave earth, it's not real time is a, it's just, we happen to be in this, this space that revolves around the sun. Once you leave Earth, it's like we're, you're dealing with a totally different thing. It's I mean it's relative. I for sure shouldn't say it's not real, but it's relative. For sure. I went through a lot of them. And you would come back. What time is it after Every single one. What time? What time is it now? Talking about? Right now? Or if I was on Jupiter? No, right now where You are in reality. 10 52. Yes. Right now in Austin though it's 9 52. So are We sure Austin exists right now? True I Mean come on man. Yeah. But if I was outside the Sun's, you know, if I was outside the Air's orbit, what day is it? I don't, I don't know. We had, no one knows. We Had meetings after every meditation. Do What you did you like talk?

(28m 21s):
Did you share at all about your meditations? Really? I had nothing. What? I had nothing. S you had no mind. No you were, you were coming from a zen perspective. No mind. I, Well I was just sitting there and Tab Ross. It sounded like a lot of people were like, oh I did this. And it was like, oh that was like the best was like, it's like if you went in and did seven minutes in heaven and like the the cockiness. Oh, that you would walk out that closet every time? Oh No. They'd come out just like, yeah. Yeah brother. Like the best was the one T Bott would just come out and just go. That was crazy. I was like, dude, I just, you Didn't release any endogenous DMT. I Would just listen to everyone fucking talking like how big's Your neck? It's Pretty big, but fucking It is a huge neck.

(29m 2s):
A lot Of people, when they were talking, it just sound like movies. So they would like be, to me, I was daydreaming and then you would just think of cool shit and then people would share that. And then when I would talk to people privately like, Hey Bill, how are you making out? I was like, I just keep falling asleep and nothing's really happening. They go, yeah, same here. And then there was one, the Hungarian woman sat next to me at the very end. This dude was like, I don't believe in aliens, but I saw a spaceship and the Hungarian woman is hard of hearing. I think her name was Ika. Maybe I forget. But she was like, what did he say? I was like, he doesn't, he doesn't believe in aliens but he is saw him in level 23 coming and she just goes, do you believe in that?

(29m 45s):
I said, great guy. I don't even believe in fucking space. She's like, what is wrong with you? I didn't say anything all fucking me. And then I don't even believe in space. s like how are you? Be honest. I don't Fucking believe in space. Yeah, she, oh man. The one before that, she just came up to me, she goes, how was it nothing? You probably don't even need this. You're so chill. I was like, thanks. I really appreciate that. That's actually nice. I was cool with her. That's what before that I said Rick it, I saved your seat. I was like, sit your ass down. Oh you and Rick it were just chilling. Yeah, That's pretty cool. Damn. That's tight. She kind of like low key match and was like, you're so fucking chill. Billy. Yeah, We were But then you were like, babe, I don't even fucking think space is real. Yeah. She was like, get the fuck outta here.

(30m 26s):
How the fuck are you breathing that? And I was like, I mean you can't breathe in space. Yeah. What the fuck she even talking about? That's what I said. She's From hungry dude. She was, no shit. I Was around. I was surrounded. I was on Julee surrounded. She's Fucking hungry dude. Yeah, literally like during World War ii, not even Poland. Hungry dude. Yeah. Hungry. That's where when you're in Hungary you're like, damn, I wish I could live in Poland right now. That'd be so lit. Warsaw, you'll learn more about Space and auction. Yeah. Other than that I mean nothing that people there are really nice. So that's why that's Cool. Yeah, probably were Don't necessarily want to talk shit on them and people got stuff out of it. But Did they get more chill? I got nothing. What do you mean? That's Cool to get like to not be that chill and go to the Monroe studio. Like I'm actually way more chill. Yeah. I can't ever fucking meditate.

(31m 8s):
Really. Shit's so stupid. No dude, I can't do it. Try To meditate. Just sit there and think about shit. Supposed your, yeah, obviously dude, what'd they tell you to do? What was their It's like, don't shit shit. No I just sit there and I go, I go, who's Notre Dame have this week? Fuck, it's a bi week dude. What am I gonna do? And then once I get to the point of not thinking I'm asleep. Really? Yes. That's good. I know. Are You sure you're asleep? Maybe you're really good at meditating. That's What I saying. Maybe I'm the best meditator in the world and me getting in a firefight with people. Last night was a message from aliens. That's crazy. You got a fire fight. The download shit's crazy where people are like, oh I gotta to download. It's gonna take me years to unpack. It's like, dude, That's the high, that's the, that's the high density information.

(31m 48s):
Download A fucking dream information. It's The informational packet. It's so high density that like you get hit with the information, you're like ugh. And then it takes you years to unsick the file Files. This is like, it's kind of sad. What to Like grasp it like a meaning and purpose in life. So much that You are, it is feeding. Holy shit. My dream. I'm so important. The aliens getting me this dream. It's like, dude, you're From Hung. The aliens aren't talking to you dude. It is. Actually she was said she was contacted by Palladian. So why don't you shut the fuck. Yeah. Why don't you take, yeah, it is the last thing the Aliens do is get a hungry. Everyone knows she was Chill. Yeah. Obviously she was chill bro.

(32m 28s):
I'm just, It is. Don't make fun. It is. It is a twist on the religious impulse dude. Eg. They're Among us. There was another thing where I kind of started, There it is. I think it might be where you're 50 and your mom dies and you're from hungry and you go to a place and go, Dude, the Check You are comfortable as fuck. I, dude, I do want to get in a little tiny pod. I would love to sleep in that every night. I just wish I had a door that locked I. Just definitely. Especially with a fucking roommate that also thinks he's talking to aliens. Yeah. It was a book. You went To a halfway house for schizophrenic at some point. At some point. I swear to God. Was that you me, a Sweatsuit dude at some point, I swear. Swear to God they were. And they were gonna be like, Hey Bill, you're with us now.

(33m 9s):
Everything's gonna be okay, but you're just with Us. Yeah. You gotta stay for a couple weeks. Yeah. That's Why I thought I, I started telling people I was in rehab. Did You guys have chores? Was there like a white, no chores, No choice. That's cool. That's you literally Could just do fuck all. Have You reached out to any of your alum? No. It's, I got a diploma. But. you didn't, you didn't stay. I got the Diploma. You didn't make it the whole time. I made till the last day. I was like, I'm All. right. I'm out. You Just didn't walk. Yeah. You didn't walk to Graduate. How many days were you there? Me And Penny hugged enrolled. I went there Saturday to Thursday. But. you skipped the fucking sc Scream. Scream in the woods or what you guys do. No, I Wasn't scream in the woods. It was a silent meditation. I was like, I'm done. Did you guys do any screaming? No screaming. I honestly would've genuinely liked this. I think a lot For sure You would. I go, I think I would've liked this. Literally go. I think you would've enjoyed it.

(33m 50s):
I Would go to a silent, silent meditation. We'd think I want temp. You just go, you're silent for seven days and you just sit there with a bunch of people and you're just like, I think the bunch of people would bother me. Yeah. Yeah. Well silent would be nice though. You just sit there and say Some meditations are there. Just you're silent for seven days. Check your bank out. Still Rich All. right? I'm gonna go back to the world. Murder, murders, rapists, terrorists. That's a commercial. Come on. Won't make them pay. That is true. You're Quiet for seven days and you just go, that's The craziest shit. It's like dude, just go into a darkness retreat. It's like, yeah dude. Like no poor person's gonna wanna do that. Go a darkness retreat. Yeah. I don You ever hear about, I don think So dudes go darkness. You just Aubrey Marcus That Aubrey Marcus was in a dark hole for like five days. He's like, It's Probably not good for That.

(34m 31s):
That's the thing. Yeah. I don't think it is, but Well they, they said the Celts used to do that. They would like put you in a super dark cave in ancient times and you would just start to hallucinate good. Or you can just not eat for like 14 days. And yeah. I mean all their shit is just being poor. It's Like, dude, You're so humbled when you can't fucking talk or just sit in the dark. Don't go on a seven day water fast again. No Shit. you know, order spent 40 years not being able to do what you want. Ever Being Talked down to by everyone. S like, yeah, cool dude, talk aliens of your dream. Shut the fuck up On a 10 day retreat where everyone's like, All. right. Dude, fucking shut Up.

(35m 11s):
No, it's like the most, it's a horrible idea. It's the most fun they could have is getting together with like-minded individuals. Obviously. Dude, I was there and witnessed it. The only bullshit I will say was they're like, oh you, you're never gonna be fed better than You are this week. I heard the Grub sucked. Yeah. Grub was Ass Right. What kind of rub? What kind? What kind Of gruy? Talking shit. The eggs every day were just like insta eggs and fucking just bullshit. Honestly. Cedar oil. Oh yeah, definitely. They made, they're like, oh we got cheese, cheese steaks tonight. And it was literally Just like if you got A roast beef from Wawa, They like deli slicer and fried it. They're giving all the fucking dreamers that are talking to aliens and cheese steaks. Yeah. Cheese steak dude. Three square. Three square.

(35m 51s):
Dude they cheese. And then went take naps. Dude fry, fry lunch. So I was part in my check here bro. That's the real dude. The dumbest fucking shit I've ever had. No offense to the Mono institute. I want them. I'm gonna be invaded by damn schizophrenics. I would, I would call Shane when I was there like crying, laughing was when you called me from there. I was laughing so fucking hard. You call, you call me on like day two. Look. Can I fuck the call me from his fucking sleep chamber?

(36m 31s):
Here's the thing, it Is a sick idea cause they are supposed to use like shit to drive your brainwaves to get you into like a different state, Which wouldn't be nasty. Fucking acid. Huh? If you really wanna get fucking watched shit changes to your brain. That is True. Well you, I've heard of people who did acid And did the brainwave drive and they said it's crazy. That was the acid you could play that was a hundred percent just the acid dude. Yeah. It's not gonna give an that James fo him on. That's I mean. If you did that, listen to that while on acid you probably just took the fucking headphones off with holy fuck. I'm on Acid bro. This is the funniest I mean It's the best dude. Dude it, I'm so happy you did it, but stoked you. Yeah, I'm kind of stoked. I literally do anything.

(37m 11s):
Spade was like, dude, go do it. Like, let's see if it works like All. right. I'll see if it works. And it was fun. That's spade like a dick had no wasn't he like, You should do it Then you're like, yo, it sucked. He's like, yeah, obviously. Yeah, but he thought I had the bow of feed. You guys do. You guys talked about your dreams a lot, bro. They're You guys have it. I Have the oil ring and I, I have a problem where I don't really get any deep sleep. No, it's not. I don't get any Sleep. This is fake shit. What Ram You are talking about Raymond, he's fuel consumerism. What? He's back Monroe. Dude. He's a nic. You fucking learn. You're the top of mountain. He's a cynic now. Nothing matters Dude. I'm telling you. I I get Bro. Crying is so funny. I'm telling you Dude, I, I am.

(37m 51s):
I'm signing up to drive to Virginia and staying in a fucking, show me a picture. Show me a picture. Was the twin bed. That shit sucked. That bed was comfortable having, yeah it was. Yo having how many pillows You have two. You got one Ace I another dude in there he wrote He is so weird. I know, but just days being like yeah I made him, I made him claim pc. He packed up. You made him ring the bell. Yeah. Immediately he playing pc. You were gp. He was pc. I was GP for life in there. Oh my god. It was crazy. Definitely Didn't work. Yeah. I mean the best Is like, oh, once you get home, that's when the fun starts. And I literally don't remember shit. You're about to get zapped dude.

(38m 32s):
You're gonna go home. Yeah, The grub. The grub was nasty though. The grub And nasty is kind of disillusion. Does being nasty is so obvious. One dude, one dude was like a, although it's like you're, what Do you need? You just need to lay down and go to sleep. You One dude was a fucking real Estate. Everyone's stomach must have been going crazy. Crazy. I was Crushing the bathroom. People would go into like level 27 I just Open my door. Slow shit diary. Yeah. That's crazy dude. Double 27 is diarrhea. There's a dude who just peace Packed hard. The high density pack and hit you. Dude. Dude. Peaced what? Two days in? He was like a commercial realtor From Fox County Drop. He just peaced. Didn't say bye to anyone. Didn't say bye to the fucking evil. He was probably so embarrassed.

(39m 13s):
Yeah, well he Is probably like, you know what, I'm actually just gonna cheat on my wife Actually. I know. Yeah. But it also think of like, you kind of, you wanna believe obviously dude. Yeah. And you're like, dude, they were like, they I know I can fucking talk to aliens. Dude, you wanna hear something and then you drive down you thinking to yourself like, this is it. Yeah. And then day two your wife's like, what the fuck? You are talking to a fucking Bulgarian and you're eating fucking sloppy joe's and you're going holy lop shit, I gotta go back up. You know what fucked up though. So there was all those floods in North Carolina three days before. I had nothing but flood dreams. Not, I swear I'm not lying. I'm not making it up. But, but, but I was going to the beach the next two days.

(39m 54s):
So I. Maybe that's why I was having water dreams, but I was having nonstop flood dreams. Yeah. I mean. So Let's not take away all the mystery. It's True. I'm not saying it's not real, but it is very fun. But. you can't pay to play. True. That's True. you know I mean it is very in the game or you're not, you can't sign up. Yeah. That was fucking crazy. It's Like a comedy class. Yeah. Pretty much. You're gonna be the fuck. Well the thing that I realized where you're gonna be huge kind Of bullshit was when they're Like next. We had A fun exercise before we went to sleep and that was a dolphin energy club. And you can join the Dolphin Energy Club and send dolphin healing powers to people in need.

(40m 35s):
So you could sit there, you think of the dolphins and you see them And they Fucking swim next to you and you send them out to people in need. That's kind Of chill. Yeah. Well the O other thing, I forgot to say the way to get into it. So prayer Is you Get your resonant tuning, which just sounds like the eyes wided shut fucking singing, which was freaking me the fuck out. And then you get a re ball, which is like an energy field around you that protects you in the asal round. Re Ball, fucking re we're all Legian bro. Don send hold on. I just, I send him, I would send him a dollar. You're hurting, you know.

(41m 17s):
Fuck dude. Take out your re bought My Dolphin is best shit. He's got a powerful rebar. Yeah. And then you have an energy conversion box where you get all your bad thoughts and you put them in there. I like that. And then before you go out, all that shit gets taken care of. And then you enter it. Hold on Dude. Who'd you send Dolphins? Dude? Did you send me a Dolphins? I Didn't do the energy. The dolphin. You Didn't send any Dolphins? I sat there. I do that at the gym sometimes. Not in the form of dolphins. I just send people power Bugs, positive vibes. Kind of nice power. I had to send pause vibes. Think Of everyone. I can tell when you're at the gym. Yeah. Once I realizing this is just level one and then you have to pay for level two and stuff. I was like, oh, okay. Yeah. I gotcha. Loud and clear. God, that's so fucking funny.

(41m 58s):
Yeah, I I didn't really learn much from it. Damn. I head you learned a lot. The best was everyone. Day one was like, oh my phone's in the fucking room. Like I'm not touching that thing. Like day three. Everyone's like, everyone lied to each other. It's pretty funny. Fuck. All Food's great, But that's I mean sucks. This is for real. One of the funniest things I've ever heard. They're fucking sending dolphins to people. The Three ball is nice if you Believe it, dude. And people clocking out is so fun. Just people just being like Bringing the bell All. right. You had me, that was only one, two guys. Well my roomie and then the other dude, everyone else Stayed. Get a text from your wife too. And just being like, I mean you can't piece out if you came from fucking hungry.

(42m 41s):
True. You just gotta ride that out. Yeah. Where you gonna go? Thirsty. I did crush cereal though. Did you crush? What kind of cereal? What was the cereal? Kelloggs Frosted Flakes. Of course They had fucking Kelloggs. Frosted Flake. Frost Flakes are good. I thought it was Corn Flakes. Okay. Corn Flakes. Frosted Flakes. Yeah. They had that. That's pretty chill. I haven't that cereal in a while. So. that was pretty cool. That Kept you, that's Nice. A lot of people were vaping. I refused to vape. Yeah. I left one time. I literally was like, as if I was being held there against my will, I was like, I'm just gonna fucking leave for a little bit. And I drove down during a break 'cause there was like three hour breaks and went to a convenience store in the middle of fucking like Lynchburg, where the fuck I was.

(43m 22s):
And got like expired. Zi took one, got a headache and then just went back. Have have You ever had sleep paralysis and all the time then went into the sleep paralysis all the time. What happens when you go into it? Keep dreaming over and over again until, yeah. You get stuck in the inception loop. Yeah. It sucks, dude. If I get sleep and I get a top and I spin it and I go, I'm powerful. No way. I don't, you send the, Just freak the fuck out. And I'm like, when is this gonna stop? Dude, When I, when I go in, when I have sleep paralysis the same, you can like sit there and it's just like, like a staticky noise in your ear. And I, the last time I went into it, I, it was just like a demon scape. Nothing Can hurt you. Why do you need the fucking, why do you need the re Ball?

(44m 2s):
Nothing can hurt All. right Dude. There, there were so many things where it's like, oh, one guy was a fucking remote viewer and he is like, oh, these are the things that remote viewed. And he was like, Sean. So He was a fucking liar. Oh, But dude, he said he had the bonuses, the liar. He said he had the Bon of Paul check on the last episode, said he remote viewed this house. Yeah, He said he had the Boat. What? He's got two wives I. guess they had on the podcast last time. He has two wives. He saw my house, not your house. He remote viewed the house he wanted and then he, when both of his wives went to the property, he was like, let me guess. Does it have a gate in the front with a big, like you named a certain survey? He's a remote viewer. Man, it's, it's pretty. But the one guy remote view, don't Knock parapsychology please. The one guy remote viewed and he was showing me like all this stuff and then I was just like, so you can remote view?

(44m 44s):
He's like, yeah. I was like, let's fucking re ball bro. I was like, if you can remote you, let's make some fucking money. Was like, how can we make money on this? I was like, dude, bet on fucking sports. He's like, oh, it's not the right brain. Sees numbers left brain or however the fuck it works. And I was like, He's so fucking right. Tell me this color of the confetti at the Super Bowl next year it'll be the color of the team that wins. He's like, I can't do that. That's a crude application. s like, that's A crude application of a spiritual Technology. I don't fucking care, dude. I'm trying to get paid off this shit. More about you going, I see a river.

(45m 24s):
There was a dude though. There's a river. Yeah. Fucking, he was on the Sean Ryan podcast and he's a fucking beast and has like Ws in remote. I read his Book. His book's pretty nasty. Dude. This guy was a battleax. He did tv, Live tv. Yeah. He Went on live TV and they was like, I'll remove you whatever fuck you want. Tell me where you want to go. They picked a random city and then they got this per like a set designer went in all these fucking places and they picked that random rolling a dice and the dude fucking called him. He is, he did film a couple of them, but if you watch all of them, a lot of them are, they end up being very similar things at the end. Because I watched, I read his whole book and I'm like, there's no way he videotaped this and he does kind of nail a couple things and then they do it again on a different channel.

(46m 8s):
Fucking, and he predicts I just don't believe it. The same exact thing. Yeah. I just don't believe it. Parapsychology is not to be ruled out. It isn't. I mean. It has his in, in my views as much standing as fucking vaccine research. So this is the best one we've ever made. It's 98% effective. I, yeah, I don't, yeah, what you gotta doubt That's take nobody wants. Yeah. Everyone's like, what the fuck? What are you gonna do? I'm with you bro. I hear you. I support You should be vaccinated. MinuteClinic just hit me up. Have you got your Covid to 19 vaccine? Are they still pushing it? They got a stockpile. They got a fucking out. My boy just, he brought his 1-year-old to get a checkup.

(46m 50s):
Don't say that. And they were like, yo, you wanna give him the covid vaccine? He said he turned down, felt like he had 11 inch cock. Fuck no, I'm not vaccinating him. Where were You in 2020, bro? I I I was in the group chat with him. Was Did you trying to tell 'em all bro, steer towards light. Literally if you go on my laptop and search Bill Gates March, 2020, me tying them, fuck this. This shit's made the fuck up. Don't get vaccinated. Bill Gates is trying to get rich off this. Damn, they tried to give it to my like 1-year-old. They tried to give it to my No you didn't. Yeah, I actually dude, I just the pediatrician. You didn't touch pediatrician. Pediatrician went for like my 1-year-old and they were like that.

(47m 30s):
That's fine. But I, and I honestly, I do think it was like Britney's Black. So they were like, we respect your opinion on this. Oh yeah. You had to fucking knew that we respect you making your own your mind about this, but your kids run a higher risk of dying. But that's fine if you wanna do that. And it was just like, That's dying of what? I Just got dying. It just Dying. Yeah. But What was the thing they wanted Co They didn't even say Covid. They were like, your kid, statistically You are at a higher risk of dying if you don't get it. But that's fine. It's okay. It's not true. We respect You. What was the, I'm sorry, I didn't hear. What was The question? They were trying to give like Chloe the Covid vaccine And they just said, your kid's going to high risk of Dying. Risk of dying. Just there's a hundred Percent just in they're gonna die Dying. That's all they said. Your kid might not die if you take this. I was like, what? They just hit me with Reggie and Stevie with that shit.

(48m 10s):
I brought 'em to the Vet. You should get them super bad, Bro. Threw the shit outta one of 'em and see what happens. Oh no, no, no. Fucking I went there and they were like, you gotta get this shot. It's for if they see diarrhea and sniff it, they might get it But You. They hit you with the shit when they drink a puddle and a deer piece in, it's, get the fuck outta my face. There's A And I was like, what do I have to get legally like rabies? I was like, gimme that. Yeah. Don't gimme anything else. Got in the same argument with my vet. I go and I actually Googled it beforehand. So, I had, I was equipped with facts. I could be like, well what strain of Lester, whatever it's called Lipidosis. I was like, what strain do you guys actually immunize for? Is that even like level here? And the lady was just like, I Just hit him with the real Yout have To do it. I guess no. Yeah. Well you know I'm good. No, I said no.

(48m 51s):
The le theso the lepso is bullshit. I Don't fuck it. It's crazy. I got, that's it. And I'm real fucked up over Reggie right now. Why? One ball's not dropping? Oh, Poor Boy. You gotta massage it. I'm, I'm not being like a silly guy. I'm saying you gotta get up there and work that thing down. I Don't know. It's, it's tough. I'm gonna wait because I don't want what happened to his ball. I don't want to neuter him. I don know he has one nut. His, it's like dick ball. His whole setup is, he's Like fucking three hours old dude. Dude, his balls are gonna dude Six months. That's what I'm hoping. That's what The vet, you didn't take him to the vet yet. The Vet wants to get him neutered immediately because guess what, if he doesn't get it, he's gonna get cancer. Have you tried? It's like, oh, you don't get that vaccine dog might get cancer. Have you tried like no real, The vet's up to something. Oh yeah.

(49m 31s):
Big vet. The liberal agenda to trying to fucking Have, have you tried just like cupping his butt hole and going, No, but I have Work. You got hold his mouth. I Have one like this. I, I'll scratch his stomach and if I see his ball, I'll just go like this and try to push it. You were trying to get it down there. Try to get it down there. What's going on? Is it, do you think it's torsion? Do you think it might be torsion, So I don't know Sometimes. No. He'd be going wild if it was True. Sometimes it happens. Happens. I hope so. Cause you wanna breed this boy. I don't. I'll sell a sperm. Is Are Reggie and Stevie siblings? Yeah. I mean, how you gonna get it outta 'em? Huh? How you gonna sell it? Jerk 'em. I mean there's a price. Reggie with a jerk. Every man has a price.

(50m 11s):
Yeah. 500 bucks A jerk. A dog off. Sure. Especially That it's a small penis. It's not that good. Go That literally just Yeah. Practice. You could probably hold him down the rug and just let him get the pressure. True. I haven't seen his boner yet. Hit him with a fleshlight. But. you haven't seen his boner yet? Hasn't popped out. What? Yeah. He's humble. He's Humble. Reggie Miller's a humble boy. He is humble. He's got, he's like, I don't, you know what, I just don't even have one nut. I don't need two. Did you watch Brandon appreciate Bannon? Mm No. I only saw him get asked about Tony every, I only seen Tony's stuff. Yeah. Obviously. Can you believe he said that about fucking Puerto Rico? What Did, what did Bannon even say about that?

(50m 52s):
He was just like abandoned. Yeah. What did band say about abandoned Fucking dude? It's a great, like, it's awesome. He fucking Kind of stoked. He's out, Ruined them. He's like, dude, you guys actually fucking are insane. He is like, none of these people support you. He's like, I was Justin jail. They all hate you. Yeah. What? What did he go to jail for? What you go to jail For? I don't even know. Maybe like Jan six shit or something like that. I have no fucking clue. I think it was funding shit. The War room. Some with the war room. I thought he was War Room podcast. Thought he was fraud about my bad. It's a daily shit. Whatever. Sorry. My bad. I think it's clipped, clipped up. And in podcast he Looks like Benjamin Franklin kind Of. He's the, he wears two button down T-shirts. It's The craziest movie. Like In a good way. He does have nice drip two button down T-shirts.

(51m 33s):
He looks like a guy. He looks like a guy in your neighborhood. He Does. He does. I kind love him. I honestly love Ben. Dave tried to slander him saying like he's like a drunk and beats his wife. But I don't think That's true. That's why he's just a guy in the neighborhood. Yeah, He Just one the off. He's just a guy you see walking around. He's like the penguin. We get what we deserve. Thank God your dolphins reached him. I just sprung him, bro. White Dude. The penguin's good. I I might've just tried to watch too many episodes at once. Yeah, that's a You got it. You can't pig. Yeah, I was PAing the penguin. I was on. I was on the bat. Why are You talking about Arkham? Is that the Batman spinoff show? Yeah. Why You? are you just talking about Arcu? 'cause you're a Dced. I'm just DC I Mentioned it's only mental hospital. We all know You didn't watch a penguin.

(52m 13s):
I Was it like, is that show like more than five years old? No literal. It just came out Okay. No, I didn't see that. You should get every award ever. Fucking I didn't, I didn't see that show was an Old does rule. I've always loved comps. He's great. True. D Season two. Did you see The interview with People Magazine about his son Alexander? His son has like, I forget what some sort of disorder. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He had like an, an interview was very sweet. I just saw, cried. He ran a lady in the Dublin marathon in a wheelchair. Did he? And I was thinking to myself, that's gotta get awfully boring for the person in the wheelchair Or awesome. Long. You ever hop in a shopping cart, your friend pushes you for that long.

(52m 54s):
C-K-Y-C-K-Y. Marathon wheelchair K Bill, bro. I know, but You should start jumping in front of fucking Car. but you know what I mean though? Pushing that in the bushes? Yeah. Like being the guy in the wh like it's always Like There's people cheering you the whole time. I know, but it's like if I'm in a wheelchair, it's thinking to myself. Yeah. Get what you're, I'm thinking to myself, it's starting to feel like it's about him and a little less about me. 'cause I Haven't Yeah. Hey, go, go. Hey, go on. I mean it. Does I mean I, Yeah. I'm actually running a marathon. You are, I Get it when You are running a Marathon. No, I'm saying like you're getting pushed by college. You're like, I'm the one competing in a fucking marathon. I don, I feel like you could run a marathon. I know your cardio's not, I know distance isn't your thing, but I think you could set your mind to It.

(53m 37s):
I did four miles shit Yourself. Just run one mile and shit yourself. I ran four miles Recently. You and me might be able to tag team, rotate on a wheelchair. Could I'll do every, That would be nuts. I'll walk. I can, I got, I can do four miles in 50 minutes. Dude, that was my World record dude. Bad For you don. Dudes. My knees went numb. I don't know what happened. I runners High. That's what they all My knee was numb and tingling. I couldn't Fucking breathe. It's right. I So. I did. I did in order to like take pressure off my knees. I did pool running in my apartment complex pool. Like how would I lay basically I mean? I was, I was like at the combine dude. I did it and there was one guy just sitting at the pool working So. I was like, I'm just gonna like bang out some pool laps. It's not a big deal. Good for you dude.

(54m 17s):
Dude. But I tried, If I saw one person, oh I'd be like, I'm not even gonna swim. I tried to like slow roll it. So I like kind of kept my, Oh I bald hims at the World Series. Oh shit. He's back on top Pass Ajak, all the stars are out. Probably went in there. Gun Travolta Travolta. Fuck Show Pete, Rob Lowe, Tim McGraw. Tim McGraw is still holding down McGraw. Oh my dude. But the guy, the guy was wa the guy he was, he was just sitting there working on a laptop. But I was like, I was trying to be respectful. My bad. That's good. Trying to be respectful. So I. Like tried to do it kind of low key and didn't move my upper body and was just, just Move like an evil sloshing. You Must have been terrifying. You Look like something Super Mario Brothers. And then I realized after a while I was like, this isn't right. And I just started to pumping the arms and ripping the water.

(54m 58s):
Like, bro this is, Remember that You let him watch if You're uncomfortable, this is on you bro. Yeah. Remember that dude. Him, you jumped outta the pool. Yeah, I did that for a whole summer. I tried to jump out Of the pool. Did you really? That That like NFL player, like jumped outta the pool and like jumped into the back of a fucking pickup truck. That's dude. Was that real? Yeah. Yeah. Fucking sick. It. It's Impossible. Impossible's not he did it la me thought he could jump out out of my pool. La me is insane. Yeah. Obviously he couldn't Dude. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever I was Doing, I was doing two laps and then I would swim back and forth and walk one lap and it was devastating. I was dead. You're going into buds bro. I mean dude, You would've been a good, I passed a Police test. No problem.

(55m 39s):
When Bri was a police officer. That's not a big deal. Police test. Yeah. You couldn't pass it right now. I mean Dude. Fucking dude. If you, if anyone, if you train for a month, you can pass it. People So. I got some shit with a fucking Yeah. You for a month. Cop day. Fucking asshole. What's his deal? American Street. It's fucking one lady here. I know American Street. Yeah. One lady here. Did you know you just Served though? He has no idea. He doesn't know how many dolphins he in his Could Changed His life. American Street. It's like lane. Big ass median. Right on water catch and another lane. So. I was coming up intersection here. I'm coming up in the rig and there's a crash. There are cops here and there's fucking a tow truck and the fucked up thing. Yeah, They're all in on it together.

(56m 19s):
Sidewalk. What'd you do? Go around and then come Back. You went the other lane? No, no, no. Not even in the other lane. I literally went around in the intersection and went around him and he goes like this. And I was like, I rolled my window. I was like, what? What, what? What is his problem? The fact that you were next to them. The Fact that I went into the fucking intersection and around he is like, that's where you're gonna go. I was like, where else do you want me? So you had room to go around the Ball? I obviously, yeah. I went right the fucking around him. I was like, where else do you want me to go? He is like the sidewalk. I was like, that's just as illegal. You want Me to jump on the fucking South? That's that's what I said. He got all fucking shitty with me. I was like, dude, fuck you asshole. That pissed me. The fuck I stopped back and forth. How Old, how old was he cop?

(56m 59s):
It's 'cause I Was black. What? How old was the Guy? How old is A cop? He was like probably my age. Yeah. And you're just sitting there saying, Wait, you don't back the blue anymore? No I don't. Back the blue after what they did to me in fucking Yuma Cocksuckers. What they do in Yuma. I had to Dodge Durango fucking coming from Arizona to San Diego. And the whole time I was with Spade the whole time, every time we saw a cop, I was like, I got your six. I got your six. I'm in the Durango, I'm with you guys. Then the dude break checks me. What the fuck? Still going, what? He goes down and around this canyon and waits and gets me going. Fucking 80 and 55. He Knew you, but even though you had a six, six, you know that's A felony dude. Relax. Even though you had a six against a car, a cartel. I had his six. The Terrorist, I had the Durango, I had his six and he did that to me.

(57m 39s):
$450 in fucking yu. Damn. I had to Pay that shit. And he brake checked you? He brake checked me and then like sped Off. He was trying to tell you to slow down, but Dude, don't break. Check me. That's literally not good. Yeah, that is bad to do on the road. It's like the cop looking at me like, which way you would've went? Both ways are illegal dude. Which way do you want me to go? Philly cop. Yeah, that's, You guys don't even show up. What do you call 9 1 1? Yeah. Well I'll say I didn't see one cop when I lived in Center City. Yeah, That's, yeah. There Wasn't of one cop. That's I mean. I'm sure they're busy. That's The work it let 'em go. Larry in my neighborhood now that's that like ridden houses where they go zero cops. That's like the old cops go there. You gotta earn rent house, bro. And the bums. And the bums.

(58m 19s):
That's where the bums are. They made me, you gotta earn, you gotta earn. I'm house. I'm back to Rittenhouse Square Where the bums stay. I wear glasses and the women wear their skirts. I wear sunglasses and women look at me and say I'm weird Because I'm weird. It's my favorite video. Are You still hitting the club? Steve Spiros What? Helium? No, No. The fitness Club Filler. Adolf Fittler Fit. No, I left Adolf Fittler. I heard about that place. Never went. I'm a city fitness club Myself. Filler. It was a good gym, but it was very, it was insane. They called it Crazy name Vertical Country Club. I've heard about that. Calling it Fiddler Wild Choice. Just buyer. And they were selling merch. Yeah, that was like hats with block letters.

(58m 59s):
All cats Trying to be Fiddler. F is the closest H You can get to an H. It's so close to an H dude. Yeah, that's great. It literally looked like, and one of the mannequins was wearing a shirt that said Fiddler wearing a bag across its chest. It literally looked like it was wearing a block letter Hitler shirt. Yeah. Every, every time I walked in I was laughing. Yeah, it's, and I was going, you guys, somebody needs to change this. Yeah, they're tricking I mean at least they got the good gear. City Fitness has fucking brutal gear. What do they got? Just like LGBT shit. Really? The rainbow stuff. Like do what about for guys like me, straight guys? That's what fitness is, is kind of all about. Right? You don't wanna support them. Nah. Yeah. You don't have to be, you don't have to be gay to like wear like gay stuff. you Know? Be gay is support the guys.

(59m 39s):
The Boys will crush you if you wear rainbow shit. No. Would I Could even wear a gap growing up. Dude. Game proud Bro. If you were, if you, you ever wear a gap growing up, But girls will Kiss you if you wear. No, I was like, I was an old Navy man. If you wear A shirt of like two, I couldn't afford that rich gap. Shit. If you wear a shirt of like two guys kissing and you're like a 21-year-old guy, girls will definitely like kiss you. Yeah. I fucking witnessed a kid one time at a bar wearing a Nelson Mendel shirt explaining to a girl who Nelson Mendel is. And I was like, I fucking hate you. She's getting pussy. He was a Political Prisoner in South Africa. Like fucking TTOs playing in the background. Dude know at the bar still bar in Philly. Yeah.

(1h 0m 19s):
You, you could rock if you wore like a rainbow thing. I could, but it's just like I'm the only thing I'm at, like City Fitness is a great fucking gym. The only thing I'm pissed off about is their covid mandates Ed. Well, oh yeah. You had to get vaccinated work out there. Anytime. Fitness kept not that health. Anytime Fitness kept it open even when it was illegal. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say that, but It was time though. It was time. Were they gonna change their fucking dude? You Could go during the pandemic and they would just let you in the back and they had newspapers. Same With my gym. Really? What's up? Yeah, they had newspapers in the, You just go in the back and just out. Damn. They were like, we don't give a fuck. The one near me in Fairmount bitch ass. They closed. They knew you Had to get Your grind on the one like in I, guess Willow Grove or Sports. Damn Ja just caught some fucking chin music.

(1h 0m 59s):
Jizz is pissed. He got hit. He is This guy's Fucking Dude show. Yeah dude, this Guy's a bully dude. He's he's playing red ass. They're one pitcher. He's playing red ass. He, oh, he's coming out. He is gonna give him business Iron Sports. Dude, They're up By LA's, up by one. I know. This is the world. What could be Greater Dude? Presidential election. World World Series. World Series Presidential election Podcasts. They're all as important. Podcast. This is The trifecta of the entire world. Canaries In the coal Mine. We're the Yeah, we're the last true philosophers. There's not, we Are, are we the xmen at all or are we just more the Avengers? We are. We're the X-Men. We were the ex. We're Kamala's X-Men. We gotta Get a shot of you before this of like, you sitting Down. Me sitting down. You should make talking about my girlfriend being my samura ride before shows is nice.

(1h 1m 45s):
Preparing my armor, my Patagonia shirt. Doing the fat stretch on the shirt. Dude, I got, I got a mind melder for you. What, so you guys are familiar with the pressure coming down from ceiling fans, right? Sure. I got tripped up on this the other day. I still can't figure it out. Yeah. When a ceiling fan is like putting air on you, is it moving in a circular vortex or is it like a sheet of air just falling on you? What Do you mean? So when you're feeling the wind from a ceiling fan, is it like, yeah, They're angled, But like just straight from the ceiling. I'm just saying all the ceiling fans angle when it goes round. So what's it giving you? Depends on which way it's going. Going. It pushes air down. Sure. And then during heat you can actually pull air Up. I know that, but I'm saying like, is it, it's moving in a circle.

(1h 2m 26s):
So is it pulling, pushing a flat sheet of air on you? Or is it like moving like a little I think it's moving, it's moving like a circular thing around you. The dysons, If you're talking Dyson, that's a flat sheet. Flat sheet on a Dyson. But is it a ceiling fan? No. No. I'm just saying ceiling fans. It's blades. So you're in the middle of a a ba, you're technically in the middle of a vortex. I was laying There in the eye. H huh? You're saying you're in the eye. That's What I think because I, I thought it was a flat Sheet. I think maybe it like really close to the blade. You can get close to possibly an eye flat sheet. Really? Maybe. Dude, I was in the room the other day. I was putting my kid to Sleep. There's no way if a ceiling fan's on, you're not feeling it. I underneath I think You are feeling it. But is that, is that air kind of hitting you like this? Or is it going and just kissing you as it's circling you?

(1h 3m 8s):
That I was in a room with the ceiling fan on. I think it's come Straight down sheet. You're talking, I think the kiss comes up there at the very top. So I. Think by the time it reaches you, it's flat. Kind of just a flat sheet. I, Dude, I, I thought that my whole life. But I was in the room the other day and I was like, I think I'm in the eye of the vortex. You thought you were in the eye? The street. I think it's, I think it might be a vort. you know, I was sitting there just trying to put my kid to sleep and I was like, it's a Good Google. 'cause I'd like to know you searched. I Think I was in the eye of the vortex. I think it's all Google flat sheet. What do you mean? Just moving Air? Right? This might be like gal's Apple by way might Not a fucking vortex. What do you mean? It's definitely not, there's not a part in the room that's not circulating. Dude, what do you feel? What are you feeling right now? Put Your hand underneath a fan. Right at the fucking, that's Exactly what I said at the top.

(1h 3m 48s):
Yeah, maybe. But by the time it's hitting you while you're laying in your bed from this ceiling, it's not a, this is such A gay art I mean course you're saying It's not a flat Sheet. You are circulating. but you know what I mean? Room I mean now by the time it gets to you, it's a blended, it's air. You're Talking about the It's the tornado. It the tornado just disperses and then falls upon. There's no eye by the time it gets to you. Shut up. You fucking idiot. Go Virginia. Whatcha gonna search? It's just Gallway Flat. No airport. It's Just gallway ofs apple. Dude. It's, it's a mystery of physics that hasn't yet even been articulated. Addison Tesla. Dude, I'm telling you. I think it's a vortex. I was sitting there. Don't, that's that fucking in Judge bat. That's that fucking anytime. City Fitness shit.

(1h 4m 31s):
Don't touch my privates, dude. Dolphin attacks. Send a Dolphin This big old house. Can't get a fan in there. I was exactly right. What is it? I got It. It's, it's waving a particle. Basically. It Was exactly what I thought it was. What'd you say? Flat street. Done. Wait, Hold on. Flat, Flat sheet. Shut the, by the time it hits you on the bed, by time it hits hits you bed. That's a horsehead. I know. I said at the top of the fan, you might be able to find a gap like that by the time it reaches you. We're talking a flat fucking So it collapses. It Fucking drills you with a flat. So it's a particle wave of duality. It's it's both, Of course. I don't know. But, you have to See that Dip. Shit That looked pretty fucking flat to me.

(1h 5m 14s):
Show diagram. Tell you Fuck the Google. Google What? I'll tell you what to Google. You show the geothermal work. Don't Google. Does Sudafed cause erectile dysfunction? Google airflow from ceiling fan click. Every once in a while Sudafed gets ahold of you. And you know what fuck's wrong with me? I don't feel like I'm fucking depressed. What the fuck Are You? are you? What the Fuck you gotta take Maka. You. That's all that sed I've been taking. That's gotta be it. It is crush Italy Now. Dude, I'm telling you. Maka gets you crazy dude Story. No, I I, hmm. I was remedied today. I said maybe I should chill on the Sudafed and see if my Good to go See if I can get a foot Long Dipper Dude.

(1h 5m 57s):
Not the worst. Getting in your head about That. Sorry. It's, it's a commercial on tv. See if I get a foot long Dipper going from Subway, big as, oh shit. Ooh. Kamala Harris pitching The same economic plan as Joe Biden. Hey, I am a fucking loser with a beard. I don't like this shit. Global War. That is a good one. Axios. George Soros. Are you kind of fat and have a beard? Are you excited to be in a political commercial? To Be fair, Bob Casey Jr's a fucking pedophile Fat and a beard could be a kalo supporter. I was watching one of the Depends How the fat depends how the fat's dispersed. Yes. Well, You are talking. You could be a fat trans male. You could be a fat ftm. You saw That dude un surrounded.

(1h 6m 37s):
Yeah bro, I did. Holy Shit. Did you see this? We All saw that dude Flipping chair Got, I got tagged in a couple of those obviously. Yeah, Shane, I was like, All, right. I'm gonna stop looking at Twitter. Those were nice hips on that boy flipping the Chair and being like, what's up bro? What I mean? That's supremacy. That's honestly, that's season four. True detective. Yeah. How am I doing my fucking fantasy league? My running backs hurt. Yeah, dude, chill. Please say, Do you think bank, you get raped? Yeah, it was crazy. What About sa sexual assault? Yeah, that was, I've Experienced sa from who? San Antonio Spurs talking about San Antonio. I'm A man. I have a vagina. He was, he literally hit the penguin.

(1h 7m 19s):
Guys like us. We have a lot in common. Dude, it was so good. I was watching that actually was night. That fucked fucking shapiro up dude at time. Excuse Me. That person talked uninterrupted. Did you? For the whole time. And everyone was going, The gay is thinking, that was when the guy was like, you have the same ideas as Nick Fuentes and fucking Pierce goes mid dude, mid dude, Dude. Yeah. He's like mid dude. No we don't. Mid dude. It's like, dude, this shit pisses me off so bad. You're fucking 45, you're a a lawyer, whatever the fuck You are. And you just constantly jerk off to yourself arguing with insane people in College. Well, did you see how they made them? So you're gonna win? Did see how they made 'em run the chair? How do Oh, they had to run.

(1h 7m 59s):
They had A run. So you would sit in the room and as soon as like the one timer go off, you'd have like just 14 fat lesbians be like, Do, You, Know. How you get kicked off. It was so funny. Everyone raises a flag. This one black dude runs the chair, hits the fucking chair, gets on. He goes, I wanna talk about it. Boy. She's like, okay, what If that was the worst argument bro, Woman has a child and can't breastfeed her. And the guy, he's like, I don't know where you're With this. Well then I would suggest she buys formula. No It doesn't. What is the next question? Like, dude, They didn't say that. His whole argument is just like, should we just kill them then? Crazy. Oh, you can't feed him And flags immediately just went out. Anytime they start losing you 14 flags to get off.

(1h 8m 39s):
Dude, his argument and everyone came up with the same thing being like, All. right. Let's talk like, we were like, I'm about to crush You, dude. How do you think Shapiro would do at the Monroe Institute? I mean, do you think he would get torched? You couldn't handle that if it was the 22 of you. If the 22 mutants. Oh, 22 versus, Yeah. Surrounded. Yeah. Would any of you even run to the chair? Would you guys float? Would I say Operation protective edge? What do you think about that? He would say, my dude. My dude, my dude, my dude. I think you guys are doing some pretty bad stuff over in Lebanon. What do you think about that? You say, my dude, come on. And then turn The seed around and go, I'm a man with a vagina. I'm a man with a vagina. And I saw you guys blow up that apartment complex in Lebanon. That was weird.

(1h 9m 20s):
Why you So I obsessed with my pussy, Ben. Yeah. You also hit it with a Nice that actually that actually was like, fuck you. That was the one point I saw on that that I was actually like, that's actually pretty funny. That was funny. What? And he was like, ah, how am I obsessed with your genitalia? It's like, it's kind of all you talk about. Yeah. It's like, got you Ben. A little. Yeah. That kinda of crushed him then everyone, the Spinning chair, the spinning chair cost you the, she Started foam Once, once you're spun, don't fucking spin it back and be like, All. right. Let's get down to brass tack. you know, she Started, she started foaming at the mouth like while she was talking. Got so worked up. That's was A woman. The, that's the tip. That's the estrogen. Once you start not making sense and yell it, It's say All. right? You're a chick. That was a tough, that was a tough look to be like, oh my God.

(1h 10m 2s):
You're just like, you know him. You don't sound talking about the patriarchy. Just not make sense for two minutes and dominate the conversation. That was like, they just go Exactly. Her, her doctor should have been like, we must, we must have raised those levels. Those levels. They must have been watching it. Like, Hey, they should hit her with a T blow dart. It's like, yeah, actually. Oh, I just got a good idea. You got for this weekend. My Fucking starting running backs out. You tell me how I'm doing. Get outta the car And beat some Shit. Why you even arguing about let's get Some beers. Let's just get some beers. Dude, we All Right? We should wrap it up. Up. Yeah, we should. We should be Boys, bro. So good to have you guys. We did It. It was amazing, bro.

(1h 10m 42s):
You guys are back. You guys excited about the election? I can't fucking wait. I can't Wait. I'm so excited for the future of the country. Made the best person win. Made the best person win. Whoever wins, I'm gonna support. That's my president. And whoever wins, certify that election. Don't be insurrectionist. you know what I mean? Do not be insurrectionist. Don't be Insurrection. Don't be insurrectionist you guys This year. Don't be insurrection Even. Even if that capital is looking tantalizing dude to run. Like, I'm gonna run up in there. Don't run up In, don't run in there. Don't Just chill. Just wait. And you feel like running in there four years. Don't go With my have fat ass Elon Musk run for president. Wrote just way Too way down in a closet next to the janitor. Find yourself, find yourself through dreams. You don't need to run in there. All. right? We did it I mean. I'm all in on this podcast right now.

(1h 11m 23s):
I'm all in. I'm, I'm so fucking bullish on this pod. Blocked All. right. Goodbye y'all.