
Oh, hell yeah. Nate. Jackson. Dude. What's going on? Making it easy for me, bro. You got the name tag on. Yeah. God damn, dude. Yeah, It's awesome. I shut up to work, bro. Just a little Narcissistic jacket. My bad Dude. So, I. I saw your, your clip and I think you took it down with a freaky ass little boy. I don't know. I think it's Up. Is it up? I couldn't find it. I was trying to show my wife here the one That's like air eating. Yeah. Where the kid's like licking. He just keeps licking that Airie. Yeah. So that's still up. I thought it was down because after I watched it, I was like, oh, maybe he has like a, like a tick or something. No, he didn't have a tick. He, what Was he doing? He was just A badass little kid that saw himself on the screen and he started Same thing I would've did if I was a kid.


The exact same thing. I'd be like, you Know what I'm saying? Literally. Yeah. I remember he was with like an older I, guess it was his parents or grandparents? Grandparents, yeah. And he was just eating. It was just like he focused in, you're talking to, I think he was grandfather and he just, this little kid started just going, yeah. That's pretty funny though. Either way. I'm telling you. No, I'm, I'm doing like two to three. Oh, so it got buried. No, it's right there. The Freaky ass little boy. Young Freaky. The young freaky. That's what a For sure. It's right there. People are like, they had somebody just randomly decided that he had Tourettes and I was like, he super didn't, and I, I didn't, somebody wrote me. They Were like, I think he did, dude.


Hey, all clips associated with Keaton are perfectly fine to post. And I was like, wait, but who's Keaton? They're like the little boy, Freaky ass little Boy. They had to remind me and I was like, oh, okay. Bet. Oh, So they got the, okay. They wrote me. It was like, just so you know, it's okay to use the Yeah, it was fun. I watched it and he was doing his little faces and, but nah man, That's what, that's what I thought. I thought he genuinely did have like a tick. Right. And, but have you also seen every other little black kid that sees himself on a screen? you know what I mean? He got one response and every, he was like, oh, here we go. He just started wigging out. True I mean, dude, look, he was there, you know, he was there and he was licking the air. And it did, it did like change because it was, I was watching like, what the fuck is this kid doing?


And he was just licking the air. And then once he started talking about him, he started like, he was Killing going. That's what was happening. He was murdering the motherfucker, Had timing and everything. He was air, he, he, every time I just any little gap or a pause of me taking a breath, he was like, let me fill that space. Oh, I, and I'm not looking at the screen I, just see the, I see the explosion. I'm like, what am I missing? I turned around and there he is with, I'm like, oh, hell no. Yeah, He was young too, man. He was, he'd Be like five. I don't know how white people do that. Yeah, when they bring like a 5-year-old out. It's like the casino. You see the casino Probably just literally probably did the origin story of a comic from 2055. True.


Well, thanks for coming bro. No man. Thank You for having me. Appreciate You for coming here. You're, you said you're a world. I wanted To do this real bad. Really, Doug? I, I've been on the road for hella days. I flew. I could have been home right now. I know, dude. I really appreciate That. I left and I came back 'cause I wanted, I'm here for this. I Didn't think, yeah, I was like, when you were like going, Other people are like, Hey, I'm in Austin for something else and if I swing through, no, I flew my ass here from a gig to be here to do. I wanted to do this. Oh, I appreciate you, man. It's a big deal. Thank. You, man. This, I'm, I'm feel, I feel blessed to be here. Yeah, Dude, we're fucking forging a connection. I feel fucking blessed as hell. I feel more blessed. Hard as fuck right now, Dude. I'm my fucking ass is wet. Dude. I'm, I'm just gonna go the other way. I just, You see how it happens.


Do you see what I'm saying? I know it. I actually do get freaky as hell. By the way. Are you in a, you know, we're just jumping in. How freaky would you say You are? I don't look, I don't give a shit personally. I Just curious. Well this is a spectrum to Freakiness, right? That's I'm saying how freak You are. I mean it's really gay is the end of it. You just get gay at the end. That's free. Gay is the freakiest. Yeah, it is. But isn't that, that's a new spectrum though, right? Yeah, But I mean it's the tip of evolution. So it goes straight from like, let's say one to 10. Yeah. And then when you hit 10.1, now you're gay. It's like the evolution moves in a spiral. It just jumps to a whole different Thing. But then there's another spectrum of ga What's when they hit 10.1 on the gay scale, where do they go? I think it's when you start like eating women and stuff, like eating their legs. I think once you're done being like cannibalism? Yes. Like sexual cannibalism.


Where's fake oil? It just based on the recent I. just wanna know like where's, It depends what you're, it's like a bullet. Depends what you do with it. A bullet You could just give. Yeah, like a bullet by themselves or like nothing. It just depends. Are you shooting somebody or you Know? Right. Jewelry. Yeah. Right. So it's like So, I. Think baby oil. Depends what you're doing with it. Even if you throw it as hard as you can, you're still not gonna do anything. The Bullet you're saying. Yeah, exactly. It depends on, it depends. It depends on your intention. So baby oil again, you can give you like your, What else would you throw? As hard as you can rock. Okay. Thought you were talking about like your dick or something. But I feel so if you throw, I do throw that as hard as I can. It's to little effect usually. Okay. So straight freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky.


Watch out. you know. Went too far. Yeah, Exactly. But. you can't get back down into the free, you can't once you go over, dude. People are doing it though. Milo Opolis was like a famous gay guy. He's not gay anymore. What? Lil Nas X claims. He's not gay anymore. You Can't Unga. He sucked the devil's dick. Dude. He did it. You can't, you can't unga. I I didn't, I don't think you can't either. But these guys are doing it and they're making millions. Have you dabbled in gay? No. You can't. Yeah, you can't. Oh, you can't go back. But you're But white guys kind of really play with that like a lot. Yeah, we're gayer. Definitely. If you have your Staggers up for sure. Checking and white guys are fucking got your dick. Like you guys, you guys are, we have fun with, we have fun with it.


You guys are wild. I will say, and this, this is actually, this could be debatable, but I feel like when black guys do become gay, they like really quantum leap into like very gay. Does that make sense? I don't know. I I think everyone's channeling the same black auntie. That's been my experience. Why is a gay person from Austin, Seattle, la Chicago, Germany. Why do they all sound like, yeah bitch. Why do they all sound like my Even gay white guys do it. Gay white guys. I'm go, they like jump in on it too too. Or every like Every flight. Every Flight. Oh dude. Yes, that's true. Sugar. Can I get you something to drink sugar? Yeah. And you're like, what? Why I? guess Chad, You're a 29-year-old white guy. Why are you Talking? What's going on?


I think they think just from being gay, they get to just like take the whole menu and be like, I'm, I'll be a black lady too. I'm gay. I'm fucking Right. But nobody's like a gay old white auntie. True. Do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Like when they want the razzle dazzle. Yeah. They go black auntie. They do. Yeah. They don't just like sit at like a kitchen table quietly smoking a cigarette and just being, they All sound like Jennifer Lewis. I don't know why that's been a recent development. No, it hasn't. Really. They've been As long as I know. Really channeling the same voice. God. Same auntie same snaps. Yes. Yeah. They, they, Why is that? Really? I, I don't know. Dude, you're From Wisconsin. Yeah. You guys don't snap. Yeah. That's unless you're calling Cattle or something.


Yeah, that's, they need to hear about that. They need to stop that. If I, if I see that again, if I see that happening, I'm gonna be like, 'cause I my wi I'm not like bragging whatever my wife's black's no big deal. But like she'll get those guys fired up on the airline. Huge deal. It's huge deal. Huge. As far as deals go. What? Look, my wife's black, no big deal moving on. Her hands aren't though on the inside. So that's the part I let her touch me with. She gets some fired up. See gay white guys in the airplane. She'll be like, yeah. And they just like, She turns em up, man Canada bitch. Look at Okay. Serve it. Okay. Exactly. Exactly. And You're just sitting there like, oh My god. She fires 'em up. They feed off each other. But I think she gives, what Are you doing while that's happening?


I fire I just have my headphones on looking down just, and I'm, I tell her, I'm like, yo, stop getting the gays fired up. Like you I mean there's an entire Pokemon having an evolution in front of you and you're not gonna watch that. What do you mean? I tell her, I'm like, dude, you're getting these guys fired. Fired up. Gotta bad. You don't wanna see that. Have you been watching Pokemon? Because that's a when I was a kid. That's a deep jiggly puff song is a deep cut. Yeah. I mean like I know stuff. I'm watching Pokemon again right now with my kids. The whole thing. Yeah. It's so good. Dude. I'm watching with my kids but I'm, They need to do live action. You mean like the live action movie? I Know they have like the Pikachu movie where it's like an old dude's voice but I mean like why not The battles and stuff. Ah Dude, I don't, I I would love that Pokemon. It holds up. I'm rewatching it and I'm like the show I was right.


The show you Played the game. Yeah. Played on Game Boy. No, the one where like you have to catch 'em in real life on iPhones where people were just like in random fields where people were getting hit by trains and shit. I think so. Dude. They also said that was like a spy app. They were like using that to like see everyone's location. 'cause if you had millions of people playing that you could be like sweet and Zoom in anywhere in the country. And what do you do with that information? Be Chinese with it. I don't know. Dude, do your shit. Just Squint at a monitor. Oh we know where they All right now. Everyone in the same place. Wow. He thinks he has a cha zone. Right. If we release the Chaz out, we test it all At once. Well I think, I don't know man. I guess to like, what is the Point? I don't know. I that's that kind of EVAs, that's why I don't understand about the TikTok stuff either.


I'm like, the fuck do they wanna know about us? Yeah. That we could do this shit all day. What? Yeah. They tell us Jing, they're like, they're doing a Soja boy. Right. Our rich aren't on TikTok. What do you want? I I wonder the dumbest of us have 'em I guess that gives them ability. 'cause that'd be almost just too much. If you have millions of people and you're trying to like, yeah, it would be just a bunch of people like ugh. So Yeah. Yeah. I guess you're right. I kind of, I don't know what they do with that. Send you an email. Yeah. Or try to like just see what you're up to. But yeah, you would just be catching Pokemon so Yeah, I Don't get it. That's a good point. 'cause I hear about that all the time. 'cause they say we have more surveillance here in America with ring doorbells and all of the private stuff than the whole Chinese government.


But again, really? Yeah, they're saying, but it's all just privatized with through all the ring doorbells and stuff. That's interesting. Yeah, I bet if you got access to all of 'em, you could go straight. Which people Could do that. And that'd be, that could be like, you just set it up to where it's like, oh it's eye you, you don't, yeah, exactly. And you don't, you don't watch it all at once. But if it's like, Hey, I need a see right here, right now. You can be like, go through all a bunch of metadata and be like, okay, we have all these phones out Here that's in the other state. Matter of fact, I saw when they tracked the, they tracked like four days of the guys that killed Young Do before. They just went back and they had them for like four days. Like this is what he was wearing. Kid was wearing the same outfit for like three days. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. All the cities now too. But They use all the ring cameras, like just tracking every move. Like they would walk out of frame and then a new camera would pick 'em up.


Like they had them tracked. Yeah, dude. And then cities have their own grid. So between the city's grid and the Ring doorbells, it's like, you're done. What's that show where they let people try to get away? Now you seen that? No, it was like, what do you like They give you like 24 hours. Like run what? Yeah. And you gotta like ev I always wanted To do that. If you can stay away, you get like a million bucks From like the police or like any, like The, the point of the the show is that they're gonna look for you. They're gonna get you Wherever. And so you think of the place that no one will ever find you. And they're like, come out. What? Yeah, we saw you on a ring camera from here. So you can like just ditch your phone, ditch everything and just hide. Yeah. But then you walk by somebody else and you're in the background of a FaceTime video and they got your face or Oh Jesus, You run a red light and they're like, oh, he's going south on.


So they could and they could just hit up all your loved ones and like investigate you basically. And be like, yo, where, where this is, Here's the 10 likeliest places. But it's a TV show. Like they've made it like, people are like, like it's like, this is Dave, he's a wilderness expert. He's been, he's been off grid for 95 days. The longest known to man can he evade for 24 hours, six minutes in. They're like, Dave, get your ass out the truck. And they get 'em. They don't Fuck around. Oh god damn. He's just at his aunt's house. Like they'll never get me. You got All these res what the fuck, What channel's that on? It sounds awesome. I don't know. I can't even find that. I, I always wanted to do, 'cause everyone does like the five Ks and three Ks. I Wouldn't do a Do you like running?


Yeah. A running race where you could against like the police department or that you could like stimulate like live action chases where it's like All. right. I'm gonna, we're both gonna run outta this deli. You gotta catch me and I'm gonna try to evade the police. They Got that. But it's, it's on ESPN. It's called tag. I've seen that before. That's the same shit. Y Yeah, well that's like, you know, like a course. I want like uniform police officers. I wanna like run out of a bank and see if they could catch me. Well you don't Gotta wait to do that. I could do it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not gonna be a part of that. But. you definitely, and yours actually, yours won't even, it won't even be mortal or anything. You think they would let me go I mean I, as Long as they don't know you got a black wife, you're good. True. Yeah. Oh my.


Here's the, here's the plot test plot twist. Used to be a cop. See? Exactly. Yeah. I, I have a little thing it says officer's boyfriend because we, we weren't married then called police. Yeah, True, true. But yeah, I always wanted to see if I could actually like I mean I ran from when I was little. Like, you know, that was like, you can go to the woods and they were, they were beat. But like, okay, What if it wasn't actual cops though? What if it was like, you know, you just put black shirts on some friends and you're like, All. right. This is what we're gonna find out today. That's the tag game. And that game's cool too. We need you the Competitive tag. No, but it's how like, but it usually use all of downtown and it's like, that would be kind hard. Start outside of the door of this joint. And how, how far of a lead do you want? Yeah. I I want like 10 feet.


That's, I think that's hella You think that's too far? Yeah. Nah. Like yeah, people. What if you had a block lead? You're already gone. Yeah, but I want like, the whole city I guess that's kind of a waste of the city. Resource is resources. They get dogs. Yeah, true. They Oh yeah. They can drop a dog on you. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want that. So no canines. No canines. No. No horses. Horses are fine. So you, you got a horse too? No. They have a horse and you're on feet. Yeah. You're, you're you're caught right away. Hit the water. Hit the water. They're fucked. What Water in downtown Austin Hit the lake. Hit the I. just drown myself in the river. Yeah. It's not Gonna work. Then my family gets a million dollars.


That would be cool if you were in that show and you just jumped off a cliff and your family never find you what call ever find would you show? No, I'm saying that show you're talking about where you, if they don't find you, you get a million bucks But, you kill yourself. What would You, So you just jump off of a cliff and not but They're still gonna find you like this idiot killed himself. This this corpse. Yeah. You'd have to like self emulate. You have to burn yourself. You, you have to completely get rid of yourself. You'd have to Completely Get rid. You have to literally close yourself in a barrel of acid. Like Your family gets a million bucks If they, if you get your account And your life insurance and your life insurance and they can sue the show and be like, yo, you fucking, he's gone forever. Yeah. You hid so goddamn good. He is gone. I'm sure they vet the people. Yeah, true. To make sure they're not gonna kill themselves.


Yeah. But you could you you could. This could be to catch a predator. How so? Same name. What do you mean? Yeah, if that would be funny if just Fought twist. You're like, it's not actual sexual predators. This guy's gonna be a predator and we're gonna be the chasers. And then you just go. Yeah. I don't know what you're saying though. So how, why would they be the pre, they'd be the predators. You'd be the predated. But it's just a good name. Like people would want watch that ip. True. Or if they do catch you, then they get to, you know, They get to do what which, which spectrum. Which spectrum. They Get to predate on you. And We're right back. Yeah, true. That would be so, it'd be so Funny though to have that prime time.


Like almost like the great American chase channel where like everyone's grandmom's watching it and being like, Shit. Woo. you know what I mean? I mean as far as ads go. That was there for an ad. I'm, I'm pumping drinking That shit dilated my eyes. You're not allowed to mention extreme sports in their ads either. For some reason. Why not? I'm like what the fuck? That's like your guys' thing. Who guys'? Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew. you know when you say that Mountain Dew our, so Mountain DE's is thought you was talking about me and your wife. So when, so Mountain Dews thing, Why would you say that she was an officer Dude.


Well she black. She's black now. She was blue before I get what you're saying. She chose so Mountain Dew, you can't say extreme sports. They say that. I don't care. It's up to them. That's their problem. That's crazy. Yeah, they fucking sponsored extreme sports my Whole life. Literally. It's like you chug one of those and then hit a motorbike or skateboard. Exactly. Or a halfpipe. They're like, you know what, don't do that Now. That's Red Bull. I Think they had too many people just like trying to do back flips on dirt bikes and they're like, All right. We gotta drop this. Well Red Bulls going hard. They got people doing back flips off of hot air balloons and shit. True. So Yeah. Red Bull's nothing. you know it Funny. I'm surprised they haven't been sued yet. Red Bull's definitely been sued or Somebody just, dude a girl somebody jumped, jumped girl Or something.


Somebody just died. Drinking Paneras caffeinated iced tea. No, but I mean like from somebody jumping off some shit expecting it to give 'em wings. Yeah. Yeah. That's a risky campaign Dude. I guarantee Red Bull's been sued 5 million times. Yeah. Yeah Dude. People have heart attacks From drinking it. Yeah. What? Yeah dude, if you drink too many, there's people who have like genuinely no understanding about like Toine What's in anything. Right. And they'll just drink. Like I knew people who drink like five rock stars a day. Back, back to back. Yeah. During the day. Like they, it like fucks up your kidneys and shit. Thank God Mountain Dew doesn't do that to you man. It's, It's organic bro. On the healthier Side of the, it's organic. Thank You. Thank God Mountain Dew doesn't do that. Yeah.


Red Bull. Okay. 13 mil. That's nothing bro. What's that say throughout The situation? Red Bull ISTs, their marketing tactics were honest and clear rejecting any deceitful practices. However, the lawsuit was settled in 2015 when Red Bull paid customers $13 million but maintained their marketing was not dishonest. You can't see any of that. Oh. 'cause he Said for not you guys, You can't see any of that glare. I just ripped right through it now. Dude, I didn't see it until You mentioned there. I think there's an angle where there's like a glare. No, now that you mentioned it, I can now all I can see is you So the guy, the guy, the guy sued Red Bull for not growing wings and won. Damn. Yeah. You can't fuck around so you can't do that twice. Yeah. You can't fuck around. He won 13 million for just exploiting their thing.


Yep. And that's like the dudes who like measure cereal and they're like, Can we get Pepsi and be like, we haven't fought anything young. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? If you think we think we're older now, those I think, yeah. I Do like the Coca-Cola commercials when it's just like beautiful people just like dancing on a rooftop and it's like, dude, they're not slamming Coca-Colas bro. The Oh yeah. you Know what I mean? It's just like a bunch of models just chugging Coca-Colas and doing sauce Dancing or like, or like gorgeous athletes and models eating McRibs. Yeah. In traffic. Nothing spills. Yeah. You don't see that at all? Not in real life. I stopped eating behind the wheel. I got in a small accident one time. What were you driving? I was driving like a, just a minivan.


You were driving a minivan? Yeah. So I. Think it was like my friend's. It was like a astro or one of those things. Like a safari. Okay. And what were you eating To tacos. That's pretty aggressive for driving. It was, it was too much. I did, I did have a little white wine too beforehand. So you Were drinking it and driving in tacos? I think I drank before and then I took food to go. How do you think? You don't know. I don't remember. I don't think I was drinking white wine while driving. You Blacked out? No, No, no, no. I was like barely buzzing. That was the problem. But You. But if I Was drunker, I would've paid Attention. But you were like full on driving head sideways eating a taco. I was, I was at a red light eating and I just didn't realize to let go of the brake. I let go of the brake at the red light. You just Rolled forward into traffic rolled Forward bonked into a city car. It was a everywhere city. Like a l and I inspector just bonked him.


It was, it was so light, but it was just, they came out and tried to be like they Were in the car. Yeah. Yeah. It was at a red light. They got out the car and they're like, They tried to be like, what? Yeah. I mean they were what the fuck they were within there. Right. To be like, Hey, what the fuck is that about? You know? Dude, you fucking want a taco bro. Yeah. I just, I put that down. I was like, dude, I, I don't know what the hell happened. And they were, they were like, we're gonna call the cops. I'm like, come on man, don't do that. That's crazy. You guys don't have any damage. And then they were just like, you know, just got out of it. So, so now you don't eat and drive. No. Stop. This is a real story. Yes. I just let go of the brake and just Totally So blamed it on the brakes. Goddamn brakes Went out. I should have, but I have good, I've had, I've had people hit my car multiple times in a similar situation. I was like, whatever man, we're fine. Yeah. If it doesn't leave a mark.


Exactly. Or if it's fingernail polished big. So what, That's what I'm saying. I bet nobody Wants to deal with that paperwork Anyway. That's what I'm saying. I was like, So, I. I, I let two people off the hook and I think it just kind of, I had a lady fucking nail my car, but it was like a Ford contour and I, dude, they had the like a steel, why'd You let her go? She nailed your car. The car was such a piece of shit. And I also, her car or yours? Mine. Okay. Mine was, it was like a different color panel, all that stuff. And I also had a guy at a wedding and it was, the car was like such a piece of shit. But the guy backed in and like crunched my door in. Damn. And I, I fully went after his ass and I got like, I got more than the car was worth. Damn. And he was really pissed off about it. And then I felt kind of bad about that 'cause I did definitely just pocket all that money.


Didn't fix a car. And then from The insurance. Yeah, but all he had to pay was a deductible. So what? No, He, he don't think he wanted to go through his insurance. So he cut me a personal check for like, oh my gosh. $1,700 For a 200 Car. And I had to, he was like kind of, you know, he was like kind of like evading me a little bit. So I had to like call him up and I like, I was outside his office, his office. I'm like, bro, I need to get my car fixed. Like, you got a fork. And he was like, I know you're not fixing this fucking card. And I was like, bro, I'm fixing it right now. My spine Please. I didn't do that. Yeah. 'cause I wasn't in the car. He, I, we were at like a wedding and he backed into the car. He did fuck my door up. But after, Was he at the wedding too? Yeah, He'd probably have been having a little white wine tacos himself. Did He? He was part of the family. It was like in-Law, other side, you know, you know the two sides come together to the wedding.


So Yes. It wasn't blood. If he was blood I would've let it slide. But I don't know. I don't know this guy. He's, I dunno this fucking guy. And it was a long time ago. Now I, you know, he's On the other side of the aisle. Fuck him. Yeah. I'm a better person now, but back then I, I was on, you know, I was hungry for that paper. I mean my money. Yeah. I was like, gimme my 1700 bro. Amazing. Y'all let somebody go two. One time I got bumped. It wasn't bad, but I couldn't understand him. So, I was like, fuck this. Yeah. I had an old Chinese guy hit me one time. That Was, he was, and I, and I took, I got all the way to Spanish three in school and lived in LA for 12 years. And this guy was, I couldn't understand, but I knew it was Spanish based. Yeah, you could have really wrecked his life too if you're like, no, the cops are coming bro. Yeah. Yeah. He could've called ice.


Yeah, Potentially. Potentially. That would suck to have to go back to Honduras over a fender bender. I wonder if it was Honduran. Yeah, I mean, you know, I just guessing. That would fucking suck though. They just prime away from his children and his wife home. That's I'm saying send him home. It's like you have like a family of a job, but you're living the American dream. And then it's like, no dude, you scratch my paint. Right. The fuck you doing? Eating tacos in traffic. Yeah, You gotta go fucking back. He's like, what's a taco? He had an old, old Asian guy bumped me one time. Really? And dude, it was like we were in like neck in that we were just like in like gridlock traffic and he just somehow, and I'm like watching the whole thing. He was driving. Yes. And I was like, there's no way he's trying to get, he just tried to get into my lane and hit my car and I was like, dude, He just never saw you.


We had Nowhere to go. Oh, he, oh, he did that thing where he expects you to stop and let him in. Dude, we were bare. It was like, it was I la I started laughing. Did Did, were you parked the whole time? Like still we were Pretty still from what I remember. I think we stopped. But did you inch forward at all? No. It wasn't one of those. 'cause I always, I let people go. I'm not gonna be like, no. He like came, I didn't even see him. He was behind me. He just came from behind. Yeah. So I. Think I was like, wait, hold. I'm sorry. Yeah. No. Did the double entrees is strong? No. Did he? Dude, I, I got hit by an old Asian dude hit me From the back. That I just saw the whole thing. That would be crazy. I think I just saw him, my mirror coming and I was like, what the fuck is this guy doing? All of a sudden he was just dunking. I was like, bro, He's like whack On. He was so funny though. When he came out, he was just like an old Asian guy. He was like, you got alerted.


He had the exclamation mark above his head and it was, I was like, dude, you're too funny. You gotta go. I can't, I can't hold this against you. This is so fucking Did you get his name? No. I I I was, he he was couldn't speak any English and he, he kept being like, oh, not so bad. Not so whatever he was trying to say. And I was just like, bro, you're, you're hilarious. Just go. You guys are so fucking funny. That's amazing. Yeah. So that's why I got, that's why I got blessed by the l and i guys from the city when I, I I, you know, they could have got me. They're tied in with the whole thing. So you're saying it's karma. You believe in karma big time. So you let all those other people off. So then when you slow rolled into the, the l and i guys and they let you off, you were like, thank God it's 'cause of all the people I let off, it's Just how I roll. I wasn't even thinking about the future rewards. I was just like, I'm, I was always, I've always fantasized lightly about like someone like fucking like nailing my car or something and me just being like cool as fuck.


And me like, dude, I don't even care about they Yeah, they're like, so They just went to work and put in a claim. It's a city vehicle. It's not even their, They probably, They probably fucking did. They probably, they changed their Fucking lives. They'll never work again. That's, by the way, that's what cops are all after. Yeah. They're all trying to get put on disability. Yep. Like, oh my god. It's crazy. I've Never met, I thought construction was bad. Cops are like, they all want to go on dis I mean, I shouldn't say all, but I would say like 99.6%. Point six is so specific. Yeah. I mean, I'm gonna leave it a couple. There's obviously, Most people just go 99.9. They just go all the way 0.6. 99.9. Why? Like you literally left a 3.3% for error like a pole 0.4 bro.


Yeah. Well I took from the 0.99. So what do they, how do they get disability? Like they're chasing someone and an Ankle so they can't, A cop can't sue the city per se, but yes, if they get hurt, they can go on like just basically disability and the city will cover them for, so you can, if you get hurt, you can't sue the city and get a million bucks. Right. But if you can prove that you're hurt because of the job, they'll, you'll just carry cop benefits for the rest of your life and you can just chill. Really? Yeah. So like, oh I can't sleep and my feet hurt a hundred percent. Yeah. But what they will do is if you're not hurt enough, they will put you on desk duty So that if you can prove that, like if you sit down at a desk and it still hurts your back. Like if you're like, oh, I can't sleep. You're like yo to desk duty. But if you like get fucked up and you're like, dude sitting all day doing paperwork's trying fuck not gonna work.


Yeah, they'll, yeah, My knees are locking up my back is, they'll Fight you on it, but if, if you can prove it, they're like All, right. And you just have, you're Done. Did they like send people to follow you and like see you Probably, you probably have the same thing playing Softball like motherfucker. Yeah, I knew a dude who lost like a couple hundred grand playing goalie and street hockey when he had a case. I knew a guy. They took Pictures of him just fucking playing street hockey. His lawyer was like, motherfucker. Yeah, my, I knew a guy I was in. There's a guy named Mr. Terry. And Mr. Terry would, he would put his head down like that and he would act like he had a club foot and walk. And Mr. Terry had an L and I claim open, he won. But it was a trip to see him be like, All right y'all, I'm about to head out.


Ah damn. And then do it when he leaves. He held that shit like Three bucks. What was that movie where the guy at the very end was like limping and he starts walking? I forget there was a fucking, I Have no idea. Simpson. I think so. Yeah, because we Is that it, that's a real thing. That's a guy's, Kaiser Simpson. I'm just talking about Mr. Terry. But There, there was, there was a, there no, there's a movie where, 'cause I, we, I used to work with a guy who fucked his foot up and he would limp and we'd all laugh like, dude, I guarantee on Friday he just fucking normal. As soon as he gets to his car he is like, ugh, All. right. Wow. Because he, he was saying he limped and he, I think he got like, yeah they fucked his foot up like forever and he got like a hundred grand I think. I think there's like prices. Like if you lose a finger that's like 16,000 bucks. That's it. Yeah. Well I mean Yeah, it's I mean. You would think so for his finger, but yeah, it's not like you don't get like a hundred G's for a finger.


I could be wrong, but I think there's like Must be different based on the finger. Like you lose a thumb. True. That's they gotta break bread. You're fucked. Yeah. You are not even human No more. I think that's just true. The only thing that separates us, you fucking monkey again. Man. I could be wrong about that but I, I think there is like a for real like value thing on like your body parts for like, if you lose him at work, is there Value? Yeah, I I think a Pinky's like pinky you get like, what Do you think is the most expensive body part? A private? Yeah. If you lose your dong, you're fucked. Dude. That's because you Can't even Reproduce. That's gotta be a milli. Or they might, they it might be like, like a deli counter. Like they gotta be like what's your meat look like? There It is. The value of body parts. Yeah. There we go. Arm 1 24. Yo, Let's go stitch an Arm. Gotta, it's got a blur on it.


Yeah. So assembly line worker loses a finger. Might receive 18 Gs. I'm pretty close. Accidental death And a dismembered insurance policy might be 5,000. What the fuck? I'd be pissed if someone paid me five grand for my life. Your arm would be 1 24. Four. Nice. There we go. Eye 64 Fourth finger. Yeah. So your pinky finger is 6,000. Your thumb, you do get more. You're absolutely right. 35 but 35 Bro, that's not enough to never be able to grip again. Yeah. I mean a thumb. Your eye's worth more than your thumb. How? 'cause you can't see Foot's. 82. Yep. And big toe. You can't even balance without a big toe. Yeah, that's Yeah dude, that's, that's what you get.


New York Workers Compensation Board, they figured out your body parts in a dollar amount. I don't know how Oh man is a hundred thousand. Yeah. A hundred G's for a one 15 for a leg. That's not why, why Is your arm worth more than your leg? I. guess it's easier to kind of have like a peg leg. I. guess Why isn't arm worth more than a leg? I guess you know you use your arms more but if you, your leg you can just stand on whatever. It doesn't even fucking matter. Just get a kickstand. It's fucking Arm should be at the top for sure. Yeah. Eye's nice. I wouldn't mind you can't Even hug anymore. That's true. Yeah. How else You get to a pushup? Match yourself against ladies tits and be like, what? I'm being nice. I'm fucking You Can't drive a, can't drive a manual.


Yeah, you can't do shit. Really. But with a leg you can, you just gotta get real busy. Yeah. Legging. You just peg it up, you'd be All. right. But yeah, that's, yeah. Now you know No ear, like what's a ear if you lose your ear. But I think that it is a, this is a trouble working for yourself. Yeah. Losing an ear. I don't think they even include that. But if you work for yourself and you lose your hand, you're just fucked. This is amazing. There's no dick nothing on there. Like I need more body parts. Dick's probably like, they keep that behind the glass. That's like reserved information. They don't want people known. That's gotta a dick's gotta be future Your ass ball off Millions of dollars. Your ass. Yeah. If you blew your ass ass, they'd be like, here's 80 grand, shut the fuck up. You think So, I be a ass is worth like 6,000.


It's gotta be the least. They're like, you don't even need it. I fucking blew my ass up at the factory. They're like, dude shut. Shut The fuck up. Keep typing. How much is an ass worth? I think something else is gonna come out. It's gotta be True. What's An ass worth right now? What is ass worth right now? Shit. Depends on, It's from a prostitute Girlfriend or a wife? A wife Half. Yeah. So. I. I don't think you can, I don't think you can like really S like I said, well $20 is 20 Because they can also, if you're talking about losing a cheek, they can put a pop a cheek on. That's nothing man. You can mix and match with that. Yeah. Yeah. If You get, if you like someone somehow, like again, that'd be a crazy accident to cut your ass off.


That would be nuts dude. I feel like more people SS smear it off. What Do You mean? Like motorcycle accident or something? Yes, big time. Where they just like a pencil eraser their ass Off or mailman, they got that whole window open. Man, if you fall out you can just scrape your ass on the fucking Side. Yeah. There's just a little smudge on the ground and Yeah. Disability. Yeah. True. $6,000. Yeah. If you lose your ass, you know again, it's like if you, the problem is if you somehow destroy your asshole at work, that's where the big bucks come in. You Get the hole, they gotta pay you. That's really cheaping. But they can, but they got the surgery where they just snip something and bring some new hole down. True. Yeah. They pull it down. Yeah. They can cut out like half your intestines in. They're like whatever. We got over A hundred feet. Yeah, I, who was I? just, who was I talking to?


I don't know. Someone I know had like a shit bag temporarily they Got fucked up 'cause of that. He didn't like fuck his ass up at the factory. But he had like something else going on where he is like, And they just pulled down, gave him a new booty hole. I think they gave him a temporary setup where he had like a, he like popped it on the outfit. Colostomy bag? Yeah. Yeah. He had like the colostomy but temporarily So I don't know if it was for life. I don't know how the fuck they do that. I don't know either. I know somebody that just got one The shit bag. I don't know if it's a shit big. What's the one for urine? Just only pee. Is that a thing? I didn't know. You get a, I think that's a camel bag that's like those back. No, I don't, I don't know. I don't know where. I don't know this Is That. right. Than drink your own piss and keep going. Shit. I didn't know you could. I'm sure you could have one of those, but a pee bag. I wouldn't, A pee bag wouldn't be bad.


Shit. Bag is rugged dude to be out in public. Right. My Friend has a, he has actually a ring, well not a ring doorbell, but he has security cameras around his house and he's caught a dude emptying his shit bag in his driveway. Really? Oh Cam. Yeah. That's a, Did he know that guy? No, he doesn't know that guy. What the fuck would make him do it there? I don't know. It's already in a bag somewhere appropriate. Not, not like he had pressure on his body. His House was in like a, the neighborhood's kind of fucked up, but it was like his house has like a driveway and none of the houses have driveways. Okay. So people would go up there for years and like dude, he'd have, people would fuck back there. So it Was like, oh he had that house. Yeah. So, yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. He had and like it was like, and it's right off of in Philly there's like Lancaster Ave and that's like Lancaster.


s like an open area. It is like an open air, like drug and prostitution market. So everyone goes, he's like a block behind So. that was like the quiet area you Would go like Yeah. The spot to Do shit. Yeah. But to drop out all your shit out your bag there. Wow. That's disrespectful. Yeah. Fuckings one thing, but, but he does have, he has it all on vid. He has, he has like dudes just busting on prostitutes quickly On video. What do you mean? Like just little quick videos? Well it's just, that's, it doesn't, you know, he has the video. It could be as long as they want, but they're Good at their job man. Yeah. Especially when you're standing in the driveway. You got the adrenaline pumping. You are holding up a leg of blood flowing. Yeah, Dude. Yeah, they, he said these dude, Somebody's like, I gotta pour out my shit back. Hurry, hurry. Fuck up, hurry the Fuck up.


Like I pour out my shit Back. Yeah. It's like disturbing. He showed me some of the videos and I'm like, man, that's like almost disturbing. Like You should put out a series. It Would be within his right. Honestly as I told him My dark driveway, Like that's your, I'm like, that is your content. You could put it out. It's like shit. Bags fucking, mostly people fucking probably be the stuff people wanna see. Just got a lot. You gonna have to A lot of blurring. Yeah. Blurring stuff out. Well I feel like, I feel like if he hang hung up a little bit. Disclaimer, it's like, yeah, that point On the fence. Yeah. Be like, we are live faith. You think people don't give a shit Or they just don't read it. If it's nighttime, it's like you can't see that. But then it's like you're gonna go shoot. Man, I remember one time in high school I was with this girl, you ever been with a girl and you, you're looking for a place to fuck in a car?


And usually they're like, they're just going, no. They're like, we're not doing this. It just, depending on the different spot that they, they're looking around like too bright. Yeah, yeah, too, whatever. Well this particular girl was like, make a left, right? And I was like, oh shit, you got a spot already. Oh wow. We pull all the way into the spot and it's, it's dark and then mess around or whatever. And then I get in the car and I turn on the, you know, the parking lights or whatever and right in front of the car is a sign that's like, help us stop prostitution. I was like, whoa. You took me to a spot where it's that popular that they already have a sign here. Whoa. Yeah. What did you like grill her on this? That's like when women have Condoms, Whatever Women Have condoms on them.


I'm like, eh. Right. I don't think she knew that. I don't know. But she, she acted like she didn't know that that was there. So we both were like, what does that say? Yeah. Holy shit. I had another time. This is completely separate. I had another time in high school where we were looking for this place and then found one messed around. We didn't even smash, but I think we just like petting, you know, in high school. Little finger bang ax or something. Oh yeah. And I got outta the car to get from the driver's seat to the backseat and somehow I dropped my phone And I didn't know where we were 'cause it was dark and which sounds like a cop out. But where I'm from, I'm from, I'm from Lacey, Washington.


And so like you can literally be on the street with hella lights and then pull off where You are. The lights. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, the next day in broad daylight, like we had a phone call. It's like, hey, I heard my dad on the phone and it was like, yeah, we found this phone on our property and this number dad or whatever was in, so we dialed it. Yeah, it's like a old, this was when we had the LG flip Phones. Yeah, yeah. He's like, okay, who is this? He's like, oh, this is pastor something, something. It's like, bitch, you took me to a church. So yeah, I finger banged outta a church unbeknownst to me. Or at least in the church, in the parking lot. Parking lot. Yep. Yeah, I feel like there's a lot of finger banging going on in the church parking lot though.


I think There's more inside, but I just didn't know. I didn't know where I was. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I, I used to do, behind the Verizon store, there was a Verizon that they just stopped construction on. Mm. So there was just an empty Verizon store that was like my spot in high school. There was a Les Schwab. A what? Les Schwab Tire Store. Oh, the tire store would be decent. I used to keep a blanket and a pillow. They had, they had the building and they had, they had all the, they had like four bays and then the building ended and then it was like an outside bay that was like completely un like invisible once. Oh, That's kind a nice little Carport, right? Yeah. I remember I, But I was with the girl and she showed another guy. So one time I went to go back there and it was already a car back there moving and occupied. What the fuck, what the fuck you honked?


And I knew whose car it was though. No. Oh no. Yeah, the license plates like Jeremy. I'm like, what the fuck? God damnit That. God dammit. Jeremy Nelson strikes again. Yeah. My dad called me carrying a blanket pillow That you might wanna delete out. That's a real name. He's a real person. His name. Yeah. Fuck it. He'll like it. What's up Jeremy? I was there that night. He was fucking No problem. Yeah. Yeah. I, I had a graham Cracker toenails My dad. My dad called me carrying like the blanket and pillow to my car one time. He's like, what are you doing with that? Oh, I heard you say, you said you had a blanket and pillow in your car. I, he was like, we Don't shit. I was like, I don't know if I ever have like a sleepover. I'll be like, ready to roll I, just be ready to rock. He was just like All. right dude. I also had like, some like landscapers. The, the Verizon finally went like active and it was like, it was during the day too.


I was just going nuts. And the dude like, these Mexican dudes just walked out and just like came up to the car and had to be like, yo. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, get outta here guys. This Ain't the spot. Come On guys. I'm more,


I still have more Mountain Dew. you know what we all need to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and a refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will have you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather is always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportion awaits Call out my favorite flavor. I'm gonna go with original today. I'm having an original kind of day today. Talk about what game slash activity you'd play with friends. Should be fun, competitiveness and social activities. Well, first me and my friends would sit together and just all drink a responsible amount of Mountain Dew. And then we go to the bars to talk to the ladies. And if we, the ladies weren't exactly feeling us, we would just go back home and just do some bench presses and work on our physiques and try to get ourselves as ripped as possible. So next time we see the ladies, they're gonna want to kiss all of us. The Mountain is calling and you should answer. Grab your friends, grab an ice cold Mountain Dew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold in, do the Dew All, right Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew.


They say first impressions are important, but what about lasting impressions? That's where Blue Chew comes in. Blue Chew helps give men longer lasting and stronger erections so you can perform at your very best. Blue Chew is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But at a fraction of the cost and in a chewable form. The process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. Blue Chew tablets are made in the U s a and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. And I'm, I have something to say about that. It it is, it's semi discreet, but they fucking ship it to a giant box in your house that says have the best sex of your life. Blue Chew. So maybe discrete the packaging a little bit more. They sent me the fucking sampler came to my house, a motherfucking babysitter saw it and I had to be like, not that it matters if my babysitter thinks I can get hard or not, but it's just fucking kind of pissed me off. Anyway guys, Bluetooth tablets are made in the U s a and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. That's true. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever an opportunity arises. And guys, I gave you my personal tale. Blue Chew wants you to have the confidence to perform at your best. So discover your options@bluechew.com and we've got a special deal for our listeners, try Blue chew free when you use our promo code drenched at checkout, just pay $5 shipping. That's bluetooth.com promo code drenched to receive your first month free. Visit bluetooth.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.


PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members in billions of dollars in awarded winnings, PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 100 times your cash. Run your game all season long on PrizePicks. PrizePicks is the only real money daily fantasy platform with an injury insurance policy. So your lineups stay in play even if one of your players gets injured. If your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return, PrizePicks keeps your lineup live. They have an exclamation point. I'm trying to honor their exclamation points, keeps them alive. Sign up today and get $50 instantly when you play $5. Another exclamation point, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed another exclamation. But Jesus Christ, man, think Justin Jefferson will get more than 83.5 yards Next week, Lamar Jackson will pass more than 1.5 tds cook up hot takes with your friends and will win real money this football season when you and your crew run your game on PrizePicks. I mean, guys, you know how I feel. I fucking love, love real money Sports action, daily money, sports action fantasy platforms. Guys, come on now. Download the PrizePicks app today and use code drenched to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code drenched on the PrizePicks app to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game. Come on now. Come on now. Guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys,


guys.


Let's talk about True Classic right now. I mean I genuinely like True Classic T-shirts. They have absolutely ousted the other T-shirts in my closet. I just, they, they feel more. I used to wear Uniqlo and now I, I do kind of look like a, a fat squish body. And Uniq lows, they like the real flowy anyway. I do like true classics. They, you know, whatever designed to accentuate your best features. True Classic shirts are tailored for a perfect fit, snug in the arms and chest with just the right amount of room in the midsection. True Classic sells premium products at an affordable price. You can get their bestselling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more in three, six, and nine packs. True classics activewear becomes essential for workouts and vacations alike. Their active wear crew necks offer moisture, wicking, quick dry and odor control. Pair them with their super soft, stretchy joggers for all day comfort. The holidays are here in true classics, ultra comfortable, perfect fitting essentials make for the perfect gift for you and the man in your life. What the hell? Oh, they're talking about like a brothers and stuff. So if you're ready to upgrade your closet Shop now and unlock big savings during their huge holiday sale, just go to my exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash mssp to save. That's True Classic dot com slash mssp. Please support our show and tell them we sent you end of the year holiday cheer. Thanks to True Classic.


Let's get back to the show. I used, I used to have, I used to call this the Magic Burrito, and so what I would do is, why'd you perk up so much? I didn't know what you were talking about. Like, what the Fuck you talking about? You, I'm talking about being ready for whatever fucking car I'm talking about. Fucking cars. The Magic Burrito check it outs go, let's go. So We, this was what a Magic Burrito was, right? Like, I had this whole period in my life where I was like, lemme see if I can get a hand job for sure. Right? And so a Magic Burrito was a hotel lotion wrapped in a face towel. So, I would, all of that shit would be in my backpack. Like I had magic burritos. What would, Would you use 'em like a Fifi basic? What were you Saying? It's a Fifi, like The prison pussy people make where they put like sandwich bags together? No, no. So you would just store lotion in the towel in case the hand was No, it's a hotel lotion.


Oh. And then you roll it up like a blunt or Whatever. I thought you were saying, you like squirt it into a towel. It was fucking No, it still in the container. Got You. But if I, if a girl was like, I, let me see, I'm like, I'll bet you would pull. I got a cloth, I got a lotion. Let's go. All I need is your little, Oh, you had the whole set. You had a mobile kit. It's A Magic Burrito. Ah, I see what you're saying. I thought you were saying you I just need This cold, awkward hand. That's all I need. Yeah, true. We were young. It's true. Yeah. They, they should. I'm talking before people knew the twist at the end. Yeah, true. We were young. It takes a woman a whole life to learn how to give a hand job properly. Yeah, it's soft. Do you remember when you first got like one, you were like, wait a minute, I thought I was getting hurt, dude. Yeah, it was the first time I got a hand job. I think it was in like grade school.


No, I don't mean like a bad one. I mean, do you remember when you got the first? Oh, the first I got one that I was, was like, hold up. Yeah, dude, it's crazy. It was a revelation, Right? They like, do you ever, have you ever have a hand job that was like, it was better than what you had been doing to yourself before? I'm the best bro. I'm the best in the biz. No, I'm the best in the biz. But There had to be a time where you weren't, where you were just doing straight shots and somebody hit you with your first double twist and you're like, oh, you could do that. No, I'm telling you man, You on your own figured out. You could double twist your dig. I don't double twist. I've never double twisted. But You the high and tight or whatever. You figured out But, you were on your own. You figured out those levels to this shit. I mean. I, I didn't, I didn't realize how bad girls were until like grade school and I was kind of like, whoa.


I like was like, yo stop. Like this hurts. They were just like, ya trying to like upward I just hanging. That's a lot of meat. Bottom Part's worthless. Dude. Please, You can't fill any of that. Come to the tip where all the nerve are. Yeah. I mean I mean, matter of fact, I'll hold everything Down. That I guess I'd have to say like a maybe like, maybe like a wishy. I I've been to like the wishy-washy before, back when I was a young man. What is Wishy wasy? It's like when you go and like the, the massage parlor and the Asian ladies like give you a bath and Jerk you off. Oh no. I never did that. Yeah, it's, I wouldn't start if you haven't already done it. But the, Is it a addicting or something When you're younger? It's just like you get drunk. Those are Everywhere where I'm from. They're fucking everywhere. Foot spa, fuck. They're everywhere. Foot they're everywhere. Every time you drive around and once you know what they are, I'm like, ah, fuck.


It's probably too easy to just be like, It's yeah. You know, I ain't doing shit. I might as well just pull off. The problem is, is kids, I'm going to the movies by myself. Yeah, yeah. The walk, the entrance is the worst park. You gotta like walk in and you're just like, Jesus fucking Christ. Right. And then you're in there and then you leave and you're like, oh, Do they know you? Or is there like a process where you're like trying to not look like a cop? Yeah. I don't know. I never, I, I look, I kind of look like a cop. So I was like, I don't think they care. But You don't think they don't even give a shit, huh? No, Not at all. They're, they, they, a lot of 'em have the FOP stickers on the outside window. What? What's that? They're paying, they're paying the cops. They're like paying. Really? Yeah. You can be like an FOP like donor.


So. Okay. I remember thinking that was kind of a wild move though. They had like FOP year after year all over the window. Just says, Hey, we donate you guys leave us alone. Yeah. I, I would say, I would say sorry. Allergies. I think it's a bad habit. It's a bad habit. And Are you getting emotional? I'm thinking about the wishy-washy. Get emotional dude. Goodness. I mean dude. Tear it up. I mean, to be fair, do they like literally lay you on a table and just like dump buckets of hot water on you and just fully wash you down? It's now this sounds like a, a relaxing experience. It's definitely, if nothing else, it's a relaxing experience. Do You think people could tell that you did it? No. What do you mean? Like, when I came out I mean your hair might be a little wet. That's kind of suspect. What About just like your general amount of relaxation?


Mm. People like motherfucker you went, didn't you? The wet hair and the smelling like lotion would've been more of a giveaway, But, but not the light feet and the floating around? No. Cause you, you kind of like come out of there like, ugh. You have to like emerge back into the world. It's like, if you're ever like a sex shop, you gotta like walk in and walk out and you're kind of like, do You feel dirty? Yeah. Big time. I grew up Catholic, so it's like anything. Did you ever get over that feeling where you walked out with your chest up One time? No. Whistling. I wish I did, but I did see a man one time who did exactly that. I was working, I was doing demolition and I, we were like taking out a parking garage. So my job was to like stand on like the third floor of it and just watch, make sure people didn't like have shit fall in them in the little alley. Right. And there was a wishy-washy in that alley. What?


So I just watched people go in and out all day? Yeah. And like we would all fuck with 'em. We'd be like, yo, and they would come out and like most people would scamper. Right? This one old man just looked at us and went, did a little Gal. You're welcome. Walked away. And I was like, dude, you're the man. I was like, I just wanna be like, you and I get older. Yeah. That confidence is that's, that's nuts. But yeah, then you get into it though. And then like you, I found you find out later, a lot of 'em are like kind of like sex slaves. So that's not good Sex slaves. Well what happens is if you run one of those things, what you do is you bring girls over. You say, Hey, like, you know, we have a modeling agency. You're really pretty. You bring 'em over from Korea. Then once they get there, you just yank their fucking paperwork and you're like, this is what the fucking you're doing. Really? Yeah. I didn't know That. It doesn't seem to be what's going on. 'cause like Some, there couldn't be Cars outside or like old ass Honda Civic hatchbacks and shit.


Like these are old ladies. Yeah, well that's the maan. But then it's like, there's definitely a dude running that place. Really? Yeah, bro. Definitely. That's, they're like organized crime. Yeah. If you those it's, you're bringing women in. What's Maan? That's the head lady. The old lady the madam gets Yeah, the madam She gets to run. Yeah, the maam sign. So I know a little bit about it because Seattle's built on Whorehouses. Yeah. Yeah. Like the whole underbelly of Seattle. Really? Yeah. There was like one madam that had like 37 whorehouses and so the entire eng industrial it being built and stuff was like paid for by Yeah, I, I was, I was reading a book recently. That's fucking awesome. I was reading a book recently and No type in like Seattle.


Well Let's check these Yelp reviews first. Let's see. Found, you Know. Yeah, I read a book. It was like set in the 1890s and that's Not what I'm looking for. You're about to find some actual ass for sale. No, like, like the history of Seattle and Whorehouses. Like I'd like to maybe try history. Apparently they had a huge boom out there. I think maybe that was the Gold rush. I don't know Ma Miss Ma or something. First prostitutes were Native American women. Yeah. They, I'm sure they weren't really kind of, you know, like, Hey guys, you want a job? That might've been a kind of a coercive situation. There was a lady, Madam Lou Boom, who was madam right at the very bottom. Oh Man, Click that Madam Lou. There it is. Lou Grand born Dorothy Georgine. Eine OB was a German born woman who became famous as a madame of a brothel that is now the pioneer square district of Seattle.


That's shorting what she did. But they had like taxes, they had a seamstress tax. All that was was just how to tax the horse. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. So like this city was built on. Yeah, Dude, back in here she is. Those little towns or those, you know, they were little towns originally To type probably Madam Lou Graham. Yeah. I was like, who the fuck is that there? But everyone was coming in for working on the railroad, working on in lumber, working on whatever. So people had money. Yeah, man. And she was cleaning up. Well dude, and back then too, it would like say you were just like a, like you're a girl and your parents both died. You would be like, if you didn't have any immediate family, you'd just be fucked. So you'd just be like out, just like sitting there and someone just scoop Up. Can we click that one right there that says she got arrested by a rookie cop that didn't know?


Oh, the left one and the red. Yeah. What does that say? It just looks interesting. Oh shit. She was so influe influential that she had all charges cleared and had the police commissioner fired. Yeah, dude. Do, You, Know. How much puss you have to sell that if you get arrested you can get the commissioner fired. Yeah. And also she probably had the dos on all those guys. So she was like, yeah, She called the mayor and was like, for sure she's got the diddy list. She did for sure. She's untouchable. That rookie cop fucked up. Yeah. Back. Yeah. That was probably crazy. 1890s hitting like whorehouses and shit in a new, like in a wild western town. That must've been insane. Right? But yeah, that's, yeah, they Really, but it's not like they had tapes and videos on people.


Like that lady's word was bond. Like she could, yeah. She could just lie on you and it's a rap for you. True. Or, yeah. Or it'd be like, you know, you might, you might have had a guy in there like a mayor get like rough with like a younger girl and it's like, yeah. All would take it be like, yeah, that guy's a piece of shit. And everyone would believe it. Believe her For sure. For sure. Right. And they could be like, I've seen, I know wa I'm a lot of things, but I'm not a liar. True. Or it could be like, he has a mole on his ass. So, I can prove it. And the mayor would be like, Fuck dude. His wife would know like, yeah, exactly. God damnit Henry, She knew that you had a piece of your asshole removed a new asshole on Dude, I, I was Reading another book and they, it was like this, it was like, I think world, no Korean War. And they got stationed in like where Germany and they would have like their cigarettes who they, it was like this Irish immigrant guy who came to America and he joined the Korean War.


So like all the American soldiers were over in Germany and they would have to drive like the laundry back and forth, but on the road they would stop at refugee camps and trade like coffee and cigarettes to like starving like refugees. Like, like Eastern European women. Right. And just fuck them. What in like a hovel. It was like, I was reading this like, God, that's ruthless dude. Back then there was a hovel, just like a shitty like makeshift like tent set up and they would just like go back there and just like get blown by like starving women for cigarettes and be like, nice. Oh they were giving them cigarettes for the head. Yeah. He'd be like head or just fuck them and just be like, nice. And it was like he, he was ex explaining. He's like, they were freezing cold and like dirty and like starving. And I was like, oh bro. Like that's horny can of beans.


Yeah. That's pretty horny. Dude. Back then dudes were like fucked up how horny they were. Yeah. But like, you know, they gotta have a pretty good skillset. Yeah. The guy did say he came pretty quickly. Wow. In a sex tent. Especially survival mode. Yeah. Right. And you gotta hurry up for your laundry's done. Yeah. Well funny enough, the laundry was being done in Dachau. What's Dachau? It's like one of the concentration camps. Oh. So they, world War II had like just happened. So it was pretty fresh when they like were like exterminating Jewish people And that was like one of the, it was like, you know, Dachau and whatever the name Was. I always heard of Auschwitz. Auschwitz.


That was the big one. But there was a couple other ones. Okay. Auschwitz gets, you know, kind of all the, its most famous one people talk about that. But yeah, he had to go to do Dachau and like he was with a Jewish guy and they like pulled up on it and he was like, oh shit. And the guy like completely freaked out Just from being back at the same place. I Don't, I think he just, his parents were there or something. I think like, 'cause back then I think your family would just get wiped. Like if you were a Jewish dude. Yeah. You would lose, like your whole family would just get like obliterated. Well I mean, you mean just like during World War ii, but the Korean War, when was the Korean War? Josh? I think it was pretty shortly after. In 1950s. Yeah. It was like pretty shortly after World War ii. I don't know. I don't know anything about the Korean War. Me either. Other than recently on like TikTok and Instagram, they're saying that the Korean War and all the black soldiers going over there is how Koreans learn how to make such good fried chicken.


That could be 'cause they love fried chicken. Dude. No, that's literally, They, that's Like the recipes from like Louisiana the way they do it. Yeah. Whoa. It's 1950 to 53. Damn Dude. They learn from the black soldiers Because dude, I used to work for a Korean guy and they love fried chicken dude. Right. Oh, I didn't know that. And that's kind of, We learned how to fry chicken from the black soldiers. Damn. How to I didn't. That's fucking nuts. And they came over there and they're like, All. right. We're gonna, yes. African American soldiers stationed Korea during the Korean War. Most likely talk Korean soldiers. Okay. Sick man. That they shared the barracks with Damn Dude.


Then they came over that they all came over shortly after, set up the shops And made beautiful children. That's true. That was Ron from, there's a lot of like black and Korean couples and white and Korean couples and, and man black and Korean girls are stunning. Yeah. That was like that Kimora Lee look. Blasian was like mythologically hot back in like the early Or even like White Nation, like Jan Aiko or whatever. I don't know. She is she White Nation? Yeah, she's black. See I'm hooked. Yeah. That is a whole look. Just pull up. Oh my gosh. Yeah, It's, it, it's come on.


Literally the hottest combination by far. And they got a couple. Yeah. It's pretty nuts. With An Asian attitude. True. No, it's an Asian lady with a black attitude. Oh no. Depends how it goes. Depends How hot, young motherfucking Shoot. It depends how hot she's, It depends how hot she is. Chapstick fuck you. Yeah. I think the hotter they are, they go either way. If they're kind of beat, they'll like present pretty age. If they get hot, they're just like, I'm letting it go. I'm letting it Go. So the hotter they are, the blacker they act. Wow. That's My theory. I don't know. That's My theory. I could see it. I would, what the hell? I'm not bringing anyone a glass of water if I'm a fucking bla 10.


I think it's, it's more, I think it's like based on what city they're in. True I mean. That's probably more, You know what I mean? Yeah. Because there's black and Korean girls in Korea. They're not all here. Yeah, true. And I They don't act like that. No, not at all. But I was just making a joke. But the, the, but no, I, I, I dated a ablation grill. What Was the joke? I missed it. I was just saying if they're hotter, it's like why would they be like meek and humble? Like typically Asians are, you know what I'm saying? That's fucking funny. And I'm sorry I missed it. That's okay. It's totally funny. No, It's worth going back to get, Asians are really like hot ruggie, you know, but not they're how, how Ruggie motherfucker. cause they Bad. No, to be, to be honest though, I, I dated a girl who was half black and half Asian years ago.


And like, dude, was she A cop too? No, she was not a cop. She was a fucking doctor. Actually. She was studying to be a doctor. Of course. I only deal with women of, in magnets of industry. There's big leader titans in the industry. But the, I would like be sitting there like drinking water and like my water cup would get low and like, not even like making a big stink about it. She would like pick it up real quick, fill it back and set it back down. I just like, what the fuck? Wow. The hell is this? Like This is what, this is part of what I do. That was it. That was just a setup. It was just like, oh shit, your water's low. Lemme go get that and fill that back up. And I was like, man. Culturally hospi. Yeah, exactly. The hospi. I asked her, I'm like, what the fuck was that about? And she's like, it's just been drilled into my head. I could see that. I have a, I have a home girl that's gu manian and and she's similar too. What is she?


Guamanian. Oh, Guian tomorrow. Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah. From Guam. Yeah. Very service, service, service of their husband's oriented. I know. It's fucking, you know, not the worst thing in the world. I think it's pretty damn cool to be honest with you. So what are your, what are your aspirations in the romance? Like the romantic sense? Are you bachelor for life or do you have kids? Are you married? No, man, I don't have any kids. I'm not married. I'm single right now. I want all that shit. Yeah. But I think it's, oh my god, I don't know how, I don't know how I'm gonna do it. Yeah, you travel, you're saying you're on the road a lot. It ain't even that it's like now things have really taken off. Like true. Like, like it's been in for in two years. Like to give perspective, like I went from not having TikTok or whatever to like do you Do You Know?


My whole little origin Story. No, no, no. Tell me. So I own, I own, I own the biggest black owned comedy club in, I Did see that. I did see that. And Tacoma, Washington. It's called Nate Jackson Super funny comedy club. Sure. Okay. I did wilding out in a bunch of stuff like that. A friend of mine told me to get on TikTok 'cause he was having success on there. And I was like, come on dude. Like who needs another app? And he's like, go to my page, screenshot it, come back the next day and compare and tell me if you still don't wanna be on there. And I went and looked and I was like, that's ridiculous. Growth in one day. Yeah. Yeah. And So I got on TikTok like posting, posting the stuff that wasn't jokes. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.


And that wasn't material. Right. That ended up being crowd work or whatever that So that's Matt Rife telling me to, to do. We were for sure, for sure. He, he, he not consistently was my feature, but we had like some gigs before. Like he was the actual Oh, So. That was the rife man being like, bro, Yeah, that was Matt. Like you get. And then I did it and then shit went crazy. And so now I've got like 3.8 million or something like on TikTok. Damn. And so my road manager was telling me the other day, he was like, dude, that's like one in every 97 Americans are following you. Right. Oh fuck Yeah. So dating has changed. Yeah. Because if they don't know who I am, somebody's like, oh my god, bitch I've seen Him on TikTok Or a waiter's like, sir Yeah.


Can we get a selfie? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, and so then it affects the dynamic of just getting those Money when you're dating and that happens. It's the best. 'cause then a girl's like, Hmm. Is it though they like That. Why? What's, what's the downside? I mean the down, there's plenty of downside. Like they're not even now, they're not even being who they are anymore. They're like, oh, caught a whale. Yeah, that's true. Okay. Su I didn't think about that. I'm just thinking about Cummin. Yeah, that's true. If you're trying to life building that is tough. And that's another thing. Tough. Right? Before they knew that like Cummin was an option. Yeah. Now they know that. They're like, oh, I'm, let's see how I can string this out. Women do that. They'll give pussy faster if they don't think you're an actual contender for their heart.


For real. Eh, I could see that. That's the new thing. You've been married a while. Yeah. So the new thing is, if a girl thinks she has no real future with you, but she's attracted, she will smash you. But if she likes you now she's gonna like, yeah, she'll wait. She'll string you along forever. 'cause you know what I mean? Let's build a friendship first and let's this and let, and you're doing all that. Being patient. Meanwhile, that same guy that has no potential with her is like, it was cool. Have you ever done that though? Has anyone ever just like sat and just like not smashed and built like a genuine friendship On No. Well you ha Oh, he said he has. What do you do though? He was like, Hey, Legos, Let's wrestle I guess buddy.


Have a shit load of wet dreams. Yeah. I I feel like I, you know, I wasn't like, man, I wish I did that. I was, I was with my wife. Luckily when like, you know, we were all in like an air mattress, so it wasn't like So you guys were, you were in the, you got it out the mud together. Yeah. So. that was kind of nice. Right. but you know, the woman you said you were gonna have sex with behind my back on a camera, The cop a cop on a air mattress. That doesn't really mean anybody to say that, But No dude. Yeah, we met before that. So Yeah. I couldn't imagine if it was like, it would be kind of weird. But then it's like, what, what is even the problem with that, that's like having, being a lady with big tits being like, you just like me 'cause of my big tits. It's like, well that helps, but it's also, No. And I swear to God, I've had this conversation many times, but it's like, who wants a cupcake with no sprinkles?


Like let's appreciate it for every part of it. Yeah. No, they go, they're like a bag of m and ms and they come to you pulling one of the colors out being like, let's appreciate all the other colors first. So then I know like, well, no, I like the yellow ones too. Yeah. Most men are like, if I want, if I'm dating a girl or getting serious with a girl, I want access to the whole girl. Yeah. Every, like, I, well, let's talk mind, body, spirit, ass, all that shit if they're serious. Yeah, yeah. Right. And so what what's happened now is there's dudes that have acted or taken advantage of that. So then they build a wall around it and now they've, they're given up the pussy last. And unfortunately it's like your only barometer for telling if a girl truly likes you Is, you know.


Yeah. Right. She gives you the pussy Otherwise because she can act like that. Yeah. And then, and then the girls are also like, you can get pussy anywhere. Let's build the other stuff first. So it creates this weird circle of just like it does And you're both open of pain. That's the problem too. You're both open to, if you're online dating, it's like there's just people who like, they have been talking to or you have been, or hitting you up and you gotta be like, oh, actually it's like Everybody got somebody a floater, an ex a next that Yeah. That's, that's a practice. They say it's called a cushioning that women do where they'll keep like, communications going with like four or five dudes. I call it vine swinging. Yeah. It's some fucking bullshit. Man. I, that's something I was never a fan of. Like, dude, just my friend, I'm like, you don't have any fucking friends, dude.


They have a whole column of guys that they would marry. You ever been over there? Then they got a column of like, they literally, they run their dating life like a game of fuck Mary kill. Yeah, true. Legitimately. Yeah. That's that's pretty. Yeah. I, I never, I was always more of a boyfriend type. I wish I was more of like the mysterious kind of sexy intruder come Through. I got friend that's the one that, that always the one that they fuck. Yeah. And he's like, I just can't get a girl to like, love me. For real. Yeah. Yeah. That's His whole thing. He's just gorgeous Dude. And, and just, he just got to the point where he like, he'd had enough, like he'd slayed enough and he was like, I want a family. Yeah. And every woman is like, Ooh, ooh.


Yeah. And he is like, calm down. Yeah. And we just talk, we chill. We could talk. They're all tracing his lips. He's like, god dammit. Are you still talking about Matt Rife? No, I'm not. I told him I was talking about a whole nother dude. But I bet Matt goes through that same shit, right? That jawline. Yeah. He iss a very, he's a very, Yeah. And once that like catches on too, once like enough women are like, oh my god, he is so hot. The rest of the hive mine kicks in. They're like, I wanna suck his dick too. And you're like, well hold on. Yeah. I could see it. I guess I mean I'm not into dudes, but he has a jawline. I think that's a feature that they like. Yeah. you know what I mean, you know, and The money. Yeah. But Yeah, it, it is tough. I never thought about the net, the kind of like, yeah, if you, once you're like kind of doing well, then you have to kind of like try to pick and then we have to pick someone who's, They just told me there's a dating app.


I heard about this Raya, I've heard about it. Does that sound right? Yeah. It's for like, it's like an elite dating app. Kind of like if you're Yeah. So like, it's like, so everyone's not overreacting at who they see on there. How Do you even do that though? Apparently you sign up like one of those private Facebook groups where you gotta like answer the questions and they vet you and then they let you in. Oh really? That's how I mean. How else would a police chief date, how would a attorney date house would a so It goes, it's like it's, it goes even You a brand new Detroit lion in the Detroit Market. Like, that's my question. How hard do you have to be balling? Like if you're like in a, if you're like a base start Out, it's a brand thing, but it's gotta be a notability thing. Right? Like a weather woman is in there.


Right on. Should be, yeah. She's on TV every day. you know what I mean? Okay. She's not making the same kind of money as As that, but yeah, I know what you mean. But yeah, So I, they told me it was called Raya, but I've, someone just literally told me about this. They were Elite singles apparently is one. Yeah. But my, my, there you go. How do you get on Raya? My user sign up by inputting basic information about themselves. Oh, They'll probably check your follower account and blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Well my boy was like, you're gonna have to get on radio, dude. Damn. But then it's like, I don't know. I'm not even a celebrity like that. But, You might be married. I think you're still a ray material dude, I do get, I, yeah, I, I do get stopped though in real life. Like, Well, how, how hard, Like, I exiting the Austin airport just now.


Like, you know how you go at that last checkpoint that like, there's, if you go past that, you can't come back in where there's two ladies sitting right there and one was like, shut the fuck out. you know what I'm saying? Let's get a picture. Su So we took a picture and everything and she's like, we are fans. So that's cool. Yeah. But like, how do you date? If I'm on a date and that lady walks by, shut the fuck up. I mean, you know what I mean? Like, I'm like, ah, It, it is a, having online notability or notoriety is like a blazing sword in the online dating scene. I and I, I like got to test this theory out. Back when I was dating online, So I had like a regular profiles, like, you know, I was kicking around regular dude doing standup and then I'd my friends did like a web series for and had like Comedy Central.


So then I got a picture, I got to, I had like a small role in it. So I got to put a picture on my dating app of me with the comedy logo. Comedy Central logo. Forget About it, bro. It was, I it wasn't even Right. I should have done it. I mean It was, it was kind of like, it was kind of some bullshit on my part because I had like a, Forget about it. Two second thing on a web series. But they, people see that and they go tv. Yeah. And the messages came in way faster. I tried to do Tinder, I think it was, and so where I'm from, my show, the super, it was a show before, it was a club super funny comedy show. And we had this backdrop or like, we had a, a photographer, Scott Peyton took Immaculate Pictures and he did it for like four years.


So you could like just get dressed up as possible and at the end of the show be like Scott and he would just literally be taking head shots of people. Yeah. Yeah. He was that good. Yeah. So when I got on the dating site, like 99.6% of the bitches Okay. That you saw it. Where Scott P. Scott Peyton Pictures is like from my show. you know what I mean? You could just rec, you know, oh, you know what I mean? So I was, I can't get on the app. Everybody's literally taking pictures for my show. Yeah. I mean I was a pig. I had no problem just utilizing that to My vantage. Not, but I, but no, they wouldn't pick me. I don't know what it was. I'd be on like, they would assume because I'm the, I'm the guy that has the show and the star of the show or whatever Yeah. That I am slaying. So they would pick like my band members that were sitting behind me, or they would pick the comic that's in town or they would pick like, it was s like my homies were like, dog, I'm crushing.


I had a homeboy, I'm not even gonna say his name because I think he's about to get married. But anyway, he was like, I just saw him on the road in Greensboro and he was like, dude, I used to slay off saying I know you. I'm like, what? He's like, yeah. We'd be like, you wanna meet Nate? I'm like, are you kidding me? He's like, yeah. Like if they kind of liked us, like we would say that and it was a wrap. Yeah. And you dude, you can totally I mean, you know? Yeah. I hear what you're saying. It is tough. 'cause you, it, it's like if you genuinely wanna have a family, you have to like somehow do the opposite of that line of thinking. I dunno. It's, it's, and also there's a certain type of woman that, that it would take, right? Like a woman has a sign up for a man that is like truly trying to go get it and she may not be his number one priority at all times.


Yeah. Right. That, and that's not a normal, like this. She gotta be raised away or have like a certain upbringing Yeah. Or be around industry before or have, try to chase it on like some sort of a proximity to the game. Yeah. To be like, this is a good guy and that's what he does. Yeah. So if they're like, and that's not on, that's not on the app, that's not a thing. Like, so the women that fit that profile, like they have to have had some sort of history Yeah. With somebody to be like, you know what I mean? I know what you mean. They, they're saying like, you can't Be their first rodeo. That's a comic. There's no earthly. We not, if you, if you popped, there's no way. Yeah. It's tough.


You're gone, you, you're 38 weeks, you're outta there, You're gone all the time. The money's insane. But you're gone. Yeah. You're gone. They don't like that at all. It's Like they, and it's like, pick some dates and come with me. Let's do that part. Yeah. And then it's like, but you're still working, Dude. It's nothing worse. My, my wife does that. She's like, we'll just like go out to dinner before the show. And I'm like, I'm not fucking going out to dinner before the show. I don't wanna talk I just wanna chill. We gotta, and we gotta sacrifice and go. Now we're sitting in fud, Rutgers like, what, fuck. you know what I'm saying? I go, oh fuck. And people are like, yeah, excuse me. Can I have a picture? You're like, I'm just trying to just with my family here. But so it's a challenge. Yeah. I'm, I'm, it's not like to the point where I feel like cursed by it or nothing, but I could see where it's like, yeah, I just let it rip man.


I just let it, but that's the thing too. I'm Just saying like, imagine Yeah. Like who's a super known face, like that person trying to date, like they have to struggle. Like it's Always there. You know what I'm saying? But It's one of those things. Yeah, it is. It's always there where it's like, you, like me for me or from My joey from friends, like in real life is just like, I just wanna meet a girl that appreciates me who I am. Yeah. She's like, shut up Joey. Yeah. I got my real name. Luckily, I think, luckily for me, I've never, I'm always just kind of like, I've always like whatever. And it was like, again, I didn't have to deal with any of that stuff. We met a good, You said you met on air mattresses. Yeah, but I always do rub my, like, what little success I have in her face at every moment. I'm like, dude, how you like me now? She's like, shut the fuck up. It is funny though.


'cause when you get recognized when you're dating, it's like, yes dude, I'm definitely getting pussy tonight now. Like it'll happen with my wife. And I used to even like rub that in her face and now she's just like getting me into it. She's like, whatever. She's like, yeah, here I'll take a picture. So before I'd be able to be like, I'm not even to that part. Like if I'm with, let's say I'm with friends and this is, this is my new pet peeve, I, just share it. It may not even fit where we're at in the conversation, but this is my new pet peeve. If I'm with friends or really it's my own like road, like my openers or videographer or road manager. Somebody will like not know who we are. Like why do I recognize him? And they're like, you don't know who that Is. Oh yeah. You Don't know who that is.


Oh my God. We are on tour. That's the, and I'm like, I was just trying to fucking eat us some sandwiches. Like, come on guys. I was, I was cool. I was fine on the radar for just a second. My wife does that. She'll blow my spot up all the time. And like, they like don't even care. So the internet, the way it is is like people like see you like, oh my god damn. And then some people or Nothing. Fuck that. Yeah. It's all or nothing. Yeah. So my wife will just be like, oh, well actually my cousin, my, my husband's a comedian. And I'm like, bro, will you please, I Would stop doing that man. Yeah. It's weird to sell it. Yeah. I don't want that. And she's like, I'm just so proud. But I'm like, don't do that. She Says she's proud. Yeah. Which is nice. I know they do it 'cause they're proud of their role, like what we do together. you know what I mean? Like, 'cause we're building a thing and, and there's such inclusivity and, and you know, well I, we're really building a thing and So I know they're proud of it, but I'm like, well, just let me just Yeah Dude.


I don't wanna talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. That's, which is Weird. 'cause I'm, I rarely even wear this jacket. A jacket. I'm like, I don't even wanna be who I am. Like, but I really, you know what I'm saying? But No, it's, it is weird 'cause it's one of those things like, if you were like a dentist and you had 40 fucking dental practices and you're making millions of dollars, people won't freak out like that. There's something about show business that gets it, like rocks people to their core because it's Like, and I'll, I'll go a step further and say yes for sure. But then the social media, like it's a whole because they are taking it, they're, they're taking a shit and holding you like this. Yeah. They, Some people are like, dude, I got your stuff on autoplay on my tv.


I don't even watch TV anymore. Or I got like, the amount of connection Yeah. Is nuts. Like, I, I got, I got out of a, a Uber two hours before my show where my, where my assistant and merch manager was late and I had to bring in a crate and this husband pulled up with his wife. They were looking for parking at that moment. The wife jumped out the car neat. Runs around the front of the car and beeline straight to me. I'm like, shit. And I drop the thing and I just book it right? And she chases me and there's like this light post. I grab the light post to do like, you know how you can spin around it. And I do that and I ricochet back the other way.


Her husband gets off the car. He is like, she's a fan. She loves you bro. And I'm like, yeah, I get all that. Well fuck that. Like I'm playing now. Yeah, you're fucking right. But She is like, All, right. Can we just, can we just get a picture? I'm like, Come on. Yeah. That's always awkward. And the husband's like, yeah, say cheat. Like, while the love of his life is like, Dude, I, that is the most, that is the most, that's the most uncomfortable possible when it's like for what Role though? Her, him or me? You and him. I would say, yeah. I think she's having a great time. I Probably would say him the Most. Yeah. Probably. I've, I've like, yeah. Sometimes the pictures you'll feel like just someone mash their tits into you and you're like, yo, get off me. Dude. Your fucking Husband singing this.


This happened in, I might start being like, get off of me ma'am. Get off of me. Back The fuck up. No, I'll take a Picture of you too. That was in Austin. Was in Austin? Yes. This was here in Austin, the Moody. And so two days ago, and this lady came up and her collar was all smooshed inside of itself. Right? Yeah. And she had to meet and greet and we were, you know, take a picture. And I was like, well, hold on. Your collar's not fixed. And I, and I went to go, I was like, well, do you have a husband or anything like that? Yeah. And she's like, oh yeah, he's not here. I was like, whoa, let's just fix your collar. Right. Fix her collar. We, and like, it still stuck. Her purse is like cutting a titty off.


I'm like, let's So I grabbed the shop. I'm like, let's move that, move that, move that fix that. Yeah. Alright. We're ready. You ready? She's like, I'm ready. I'm like, cool. We take the picture and then, and then she walks forward to like the exit. 'cause the entrance and exit is separate. And she's like, ah yeah. And that's my husband. I'm like, what? And this big ass li skinned dude's like, yeah man. I'm like, she say you weren't here, bro. I, I, you know, he is like, nah, it's all good. I heard her do this shit. She'd be doing this kind of shit in public fucking around Ah, All. right. you know, you know, I feel like a dickhead for that. Yeah, dude. Yeah. She literally was like, he's not here. But again, if it were like, if you were just like, yeah, I own him fucking 47, you know, carbos and people, they don't give a fuck. It's like they wouldn't know if you, if your image gets plastered onto a screen, it like deifies people and people get, they think it's like a big deal and it's like, I well let's, I'll, I'll I'll say they do know, but it's not like it's different.


Like people know it their church 'cause they're like tithe and they're like, oh, he balling. Or they know at Rotary or wherever, wherever. Like, true. That makes sense. It's a meeting of those kind of, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. But this is just, this is just different. So, I don't know how in the hell I'm gonna date. You got lucky. Yeah. You got in there beforehand and all that. But I don't know. you know, and I never, I never thought of this. This was one, this was, you know, this is a offshoot of what, What I was asking you. Yeah, No, I'm saying of fame. Like, I wanted, like, this was always a put, I was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get after it. Yeah. And now it's like, God damn, I can't find a woman that doesn't, that just, you know what I mean? Yeah. They'll Find someone, someone they'll hopefully, but like, well There's, they'll burn out, out.


I meet you. I'm like, You are meeting me. No, but like the you, that's not the like this separate from the comic. They'll say that I'm, I'm what I do. I've been doing this for 20 years. I am what I do now. I'm a comic. Yeah. I like, you can't say like, well who do you think you're meeting? Yeah. And then they'll say my government name, like I wanna meet Nathaniel. I'm like, I what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. No one's called me that since Little League Baseball. And then you're supposed to like, You know what I'm saying? And then you're supposed to be like, well let's just be buddies after you said that. It's like, dude, I'm, I don't even know what it is. Or I would, here's another thing. So there's a check how awkward this shit iss. So there's another Nate Jackson, right? Like anybody Googles the himself. There's probably another, your name somewhere for sure. Yeah. Okay. Well there's two for me.


There's a white guy that plays guitar and So I would say like year five of my career, I was in the number one spot on Google passing. You're battling the other Nate Jackson at first, At six. And then, but then, so there was a, a backup tied in third stringer for the Denver Broncos that wrote a book about smoking weed and playing football sick. And soon as the book dropped, he went ricocheted into the first he ever took you dropped me back like five pages. No dude. Yeah. Right. But now I'm back in the number one spot. Just whatever, like sure. But I'm on a date. And it'll happen every now and then where somebody's like, how long did you play for the Broncos? Because they Googled.


Whoa. And I didn't play in the league. Right. Yeah. But it still comes up if you search some sometimes like Yeah, yeah. If you just type Nate Jackson. But if you type comedian Nate Jackson, it's all me. Sure. So I was on a date and the girl was like, what was it like playing for the Broncos? The only place on earth that that says that is Google. So I'm like, you Google me. Yeah. Like that's, to me that's weird. Yeah. It is fucking weird. But no, actually for women it makes sense though because they gotta do like a thorough investigation to make sure like you're not gonna kill them. So they all Do that, you know, but they not a con like, you know. Yeah. I'm not a guy she met in passing, like she was at a show and there we are at a dinner and she's like, how long did you play for Like, you went further to Google and asked, I'm like, Yeah, You should, You should have been like, you know, it was pretty hard.


But a couple years Elway was a motherfucker. Like I did always get a kick out. I had friends that would like completely lie to women and that was like their move. They'd be like, like I was like, it was like years and years ago. But I've had friends that'd be like, yeah man. Like we were like younger. Like Yeah. Like I own a business and like, you know, we worked together and I'd be sitting there like, it's all a Fallacy. You don't own a Fucking business. But I'm like, hilarious. Yeah. That was always a wild move. Yeah. I had a, I remember I was in the movies and one of my home there was like a s a a scene where like the guy had like a lot of game. And my homeboy out loud was like, Ooh, I'm gonna use that. But it blew my mind at the time. I was like, wait, what? You can procure game from just mimicking this kinda shit?


It definitely is. I didn't know that. I was like, you gotta be who You are. Yeah. He was like, you know, I'm gonna be who he was. He was fucking in that movie. It's a good move. Like you're with that. No, I would, I would never lie like that. I always felt weird being like, 'cause then it's like they're gonna find out eventually. But like I, I had friends that would just like cook up these wild Lies. Lies. And I'd be like, time, time on The phone. My boy was on the hood of other people's cars and shit. Like it was his, yeah. One time I did tell a girl I played on, I was visiting LaSalle and I I just like told this girl that I played I think like soccer or football for some reason. Really? I think somebody said that about me just fucking with her. And I was like, yeah, I play football. And I think we made out because of that. So that's all me. That's my bad. But I was hammered. I don't remember, but I do remember I got, I stole football.


I almost got a hand job in college for saying I was a Seahawk. What? So they did their spring training in Cheney, Washington at Eastern Washington University where I was a student. And so they would offer you to stay over the summer and like help the preseason stuff of, and all you're doing is just like bringing them water and making sure the cones and stuff are set out for sure. Showing them around town or whatever. But like it's a small rural populous town. Like as a black man, like it's not as far jump for someone to assume you're in town during the summer because you're a Seahawk. Yeah, yeah. Right. And I was like, yeah, I am. I was signing autographs as A Seahawk, My name Nate Jackson number 67 or whatever, like how much for Autograph?


I'm like, I dunno, five bucks something for a sandwich. I Got you. No Problem. Yeah. I must have made 15 bucks and signed a couple Footballs and almost got a hand job. That's not bad. Yeah. But I, my, I didn't, I didn't sign it to say, oh, I like, I wasn't like emulating that just 'cause like, it was like this most innocent little kid that was like, can you sign my ball? And I was like, fuck it kid. Yeah. I hear I'm not even explain this. Yeah. Yeah. Like and then not only that, 60% of the people that are out there playing that are Seahawks won't be in three weeks anyway. Yeah. True. You know what I'm saying? They're not making cut. And He Googles it and he is like, holy fuck dude. Played for the Broncos. But I got him And he's hilarious. Yeah, for sure. Well dude, we're at an hour, man.


Thanks for doing this, bro. That's that's crazy. You flew in and you know, I really appreciate that man. For real. No, I Awesome. Appreciate you for having me man. I hope, I hope that that that one that we, we, that we friends now friends and then two that, you know, the, the avid people that watch this can appreciate this, this dynamic that we have, you know? For sure. you know, this was fun and or organic. It Was awesome, bro. Yeah. You're name, you know What I mean? Yeah. I hope, I hope, I hope it splashes and hits well. So there's gonna be somebody like, who's this fucking fat black dude? But there's also somebody else that's like, oh my fucking got. Exactly. I want more of that. Hell yeah, dude. I mean, that's what I'm talking about. Yeah. I just want people having a good time, man. Yeah. And so you're invited. Come to my club Dude. Please. That'd be sick For sure.


And yeah, I, I'm, I give healthy deals. I want you to eat what you kill. Okay. Hell yeah. you know what I mean? And we're at, it's in Tacoma, Washington, so we're like 30 minutes south of Seattle. Right on. And there's another club in town called the Tacoma Comedy Club. I did that one once. They're Cool. No hate. But we're the other club we're for sure bigger and nicer and newer. Nice and But. you can still go there. And obviously I, I I'm a comic So, I'm like, feed your family. I give a shit. Yeah. Do Whatever you gotta do. Yeah. But this is me inviting you to my Stuff. I appreciate it, man. Yeah. Once I, once I get a, once I get a new hour, dude, I'll, I'll swing there. Yeah. Orma. Or even if you're working it. Fuck Tacoma. Dude. I'm, I'm even worried about the, what's it called? The Tacoma Comedy Club Club. No, I don't want you to say fuck. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.


I'm fucking around. They were nice. They were very nice. I don't want you to say fuck 'em. I know. I'm kidding. Jesus Christ. Fuck. I'm kidding, kidding. No, they, they could use another, no. Fuck 'em. So They were very nice actually, but still. Oh, they're cool man. It's just fun to say that kind of stuff. No, the Owner as we used to, he's a standup originally. Was he really? So he used to always work to Yeah. Oh, nice West. Funny guy. Nice. And so, no, I'm not knocking. Yeah. Doing Purely. It's hard to run a club, man. So anybody that's doing it, I'm like, no. Got appreciation and respect. Yeah. Even for all the competition. Oh, why don't you just have sex with one of your waitresses at your club? That's Hell no. Jesus Christ frankly shouldn't fuck anybody that works for you. you know what I mean? People found out about you too.


Sheesh. Yeah. We gotta get back to 69 and actually you go, we were really working in earlier I just heard about this shit called a rainbow kiss. What's That? We don't have time. I think I've, we don't have, we don't have time. And it's the nasties shit I've ever heard of, but the kids are doing it now. Come on, tell me what is it? I can't do it. Well, it'll be a great way to end. You'll just have to, they need it. Look it up. I'll look it. I'll Google it afterwards right now. Yeah. Lemme see it real quick, dude. Okay. I wanna see what a rainbow. cause you give a rainbow kiss a New thing for The kids images, please. No, no. Actually don't show. Oh, oh, Oh yeah. I just heard about that.


This is what the kids are doing A supposed sex act in which a man and woman who is menstruating simultaneously perform oral sex on each other, Other 69. Ah. Followed by a kiss where the couples makes you seem a period blood in their mouth. Yeah. That's disgusting. That's what the kids are doing. No way, dude. Yeah. That's so fucking nasty. And there's another one called a snowball kiss or something like that where she just like h twos in your mouth after, is This supposed to like, then they, I think after you, like if you do a rainbow kiss, you do I I'll give it to you. If you wanna be like, yo, I'm non-binary. I'll be like, yeah, you earned it, bro. That's, You have transcended all of sexuality. That's way past either of the spectrums that we Got. For sure. I will call them like, sir, if you do a rainbow kiss, I'll be like, yes sir.


I, I fully respect you. That's Wonderful. you know, I tell 'em where to find me and stuff. Yeah, dude, pull. Yeah, plug all your shit. Okay, So Mr. Nate Jackson on Instagram and TikTok and Nate Jackson comedy on YouTube and so on TikTok and Instagram and Facebook, we release two clips a day of standup or crowd work or whatever, two clips a day. Something will tickle your fancy. And then once a month at my club, I do an eight camera shoot called the Crowd Work Joint, where I only do crowd work for an hour. It started off, it was just a challenge. That's awesome. Well now there's like 14 of them. I've been doing them all year long and they cumulatively have like 15 million views or something.


Fuck. Like they're going psycho. Well, dude, that's how, whenever people like, you know, like hear someone and I always just pop up their Instagram, watch the first clip and I watch yours. I'm like, damn, that's hilarious. And I was was like, yeah, right away. Thank You. I always do that and I'm like, hilarious. Thank. You. But I mean I just, I'm just glad that like, I get to show that I'm gifted in that way. you know what I mean? Yeah. Because like you can go viral for anything you put online essentially. And I'm glad I'm not just like online every week wearing a wig or something. I know what you're saying. Yeah. I mean No, they're so glad. They're very funny. They're very fucking Funny. Thank You. But yeah, so on YouTube is where that experience is. So, and I'm on tour right now, it's called the Super Funny World Tour and I'm rolling and it's going really good. So for 2023 in clubs, I sold more tickets than any other comic in America.


And then for, yeah. Damn name 'em, I beat 'em. Damn. I did 17 shows in one week in Chicago and broke the record. Damn. Yeah, it's been a lot. And then, so 2024 transitioning to theaters has been awesome. And so we'll see what happens next and where that's going and stuff. But I just want the people to tap in sick, dude. you know what I'm saying? Hell Yeah, man. Oh Yeah. Can we, we should do something together. Let's go. I'm Saying let's do, let, lemme try my hand to crowd work. I'm, I'm terrible at crowd work. I ain't only Crowd, I don't do crowd work on the road. I do Something Just ain't like a show. Yeah, let's do the show. You do. We each do a chunk of time and that's the show. Let's do it. Be salt and pepper. Let's do it. Dude, I'm down, dude.


I can't wait. Right? That's a fucking deal, dude, bro, appreciate you. Thanks for doing the Do I feel evil selling that stuff, dude, I really did. I'm wired. I went from like yawning to like, let's fucking play part cheesy yo. So yeah. Thanks Thank. You.