
Hey, what's happening? Aw. Aw crap. Yes. What's up bro? What's up, dog? Dude? What's happening? What Happened to your fucking chin, bro? I met the wizard. You guys wouldn't know about it. Who's the wizard? That's the Navy Seal saying, oh, that's when you pass out underwater. Jocko talks about it all. Not Jocko. What's his name? David Goggins. David Goggles talks about it all the time. Yeah. He talks About Meeting the Wizard. I didn't know that's what it was called. I was just talking shit yesterday at a kid's birthday party. I was talking about like falling out. I was like, yeah, a lot of people don't understand. It's basically just me and Navy Seals the only people that know about passing underwater.


What happened? I tried to do back and forth in the pool. Like underwater? Yeah, of course. Well, I had goggles too, so I was like, you were David Goggles. I was David Goggles dude. Yeah, I was ba I was just doing a little bit of buzz training. I like this. You burn the Boats. You had to go until you passed out. Yeah, dude. And I'm like, I'm going. We were like, I'd been outside all day. I'm sweating. It's like, you know, I was no sleep for days and days and days on end. And then I, we, we played actually, dude, a pool, a fun pool basketball game instead of full on pool basketball, pool knockout. Two basketballs play knockout, but you gotta like trudge through the water. Yeah. It's very, very fun. So we played a couple rounds of that. I was the only person outta four people who didn't win a game of pull knockout.


So I had something to prove. And we talk. People started talking, going, Who was it? Like your cousins? Me, my cousin, and like three of our friends. So when they started talking about back and forth underwater, I was like, here's my time to get a little w Yeah. So I went, I put, I had goggles on, actually. I had my daughter's goggles, so I think they're a little tight on my head too. Ah. So I go, dude, I get back, I get down there so easy. I'm like, holy shit, dude. I might go down and back and then push off again just to flex. And I get a bad push coming back. And I'm like, I'm on like one and a half basically coming back and I start getting, you know, when you, like, you're vibrating when you're outta breath. Yeah. I'm vibrating. And all I kept thinking was like, be great. You have to do this, be great. You have to do this. And I keep going, keep going. And all of a sudden I'm like, the last thing I remember is feeling like something's really wrong.


And I come up from out of the water, like, like choking on water. I passed out underwater. So I come up from underwater just like, ah, I'm like fighting the pass out. And then I'm trying to use my legs and they're just like, jello And. they, dude, everyone's just laughing at me and I'm like, oh, Jesse. I'm like screaming, freaking out. And then I go out again and I come too. And I'm like, you know, I think I passed out. And they're like, yeah, dude, you fucking smacked your face on the side of the pool. Holy shit. I was like, I was like, no, I didn't And. they werere like, yeah, I couldn't, I was so adrenalized. I couldn't feel anything that I touched my face and it was just blood everywhere. And then, yeah. So I fucking smacked my chin on the pool. Was your, was your mom and Dad there? No, my mommy and daddy were asleep. This was late. Oh, it was late night. So everyone thought I was, everyone thought it was like a severe aqua brewsky tumble.


'cause we like, I like last thing everyone saw me was tequila. It wasn't a brus. That's you. That's a slight brus. He tumble, dude. Wait, hold on. What is the last thing Everyone saw you carrying a bottle of tequila? Yeah. I was like, no. What happened? I spoke Brewsky tumble. I sweat too much at Longwood Gardens. No, you took your fucking brewsky tumble. Dude. Welcome to the club, bro. I was explaining to my friends the worst bru because my, my buddy had a, my buddy had a delay at the airport and I was like, for real? There's nothing better than He was like, fuck, my flight got delayed. I was like, I celebrated delay. True. It's like, dude, if you have no ex, like I have to drink. There's nothing to do. So getting hammered in airport's, like one of my favorite things, it's fun.


Then I explained to him the worst brewsky tumble I ever took was that jet slipped in the bathroom at JFK And O'Connor walked in while I was on the, my side laying on the bathroom floor. And this was right after me and him had an argument. So I had to be like, fuck you dude. I'm still right from the ground of the, but the Democrats are bullshit. Yeah. It was like, can you at least admit he trumpet? He is more cognizant. I was fucking Anakin in the lava. Just, I fucking hate you. But no, I, I hit it down and back myself this week. Did you really? Big time pool took two tries to get it usually.


Did you really? Yeah. And then I got it and I thought I was gonna impress some women that were there and not one person was looking. That's a surfaced, like dark red, fully outta breath. And I was like, you asked me that. And everyone was like, Ew. Why's that guy panting? That's good. You hit the down and back though. It was a big down and back photo. I Almost died trying to get it, dude. I, for real, God. I was ready to die. Yeah. I was, I I entered that phase. Yeah. It had to be done buzz. I I, dude, I could, I've done down and back. I was like, what the fuck's going on? I'm telling you. Yeah. Your blood Pressure. It was Longwood Gardens. It Is the tequila. Dude. My brother brought me to Longwood Gardens, brought my whole family And. they had been bragging. They were like, dude in Pennsylvania, Longwood Gardens fucking blows dude. Longwood Gardens.


When's the last time you went there? Never. It's tight, long garden. It's Tight. I've seen pictures. It's tight, dude. I went there. They have like, I'm trying to figure out my landscaping right now too. 'cause I wanted, I wanna fix in Front of my house. You wanna to take a look? You wanna see the highest level? It Was inspo. Yeah. I wanted to see what I was like, whatever. The DuPonts, that's through DuPont's property. It's hundreds of, i, I maybe it's a hundred acres. And. they had like, I guess a house with a geranium where you just walk in. So I was like, let's get outta the heat. I'm like, oh, here's a building. It's just a fucking greenhouse. It's a swamp. Walk into there, dude. They're all like, it's been like 60 degrees at nighttime. I'm like, oh, finally get a break from the weather. I go in there, dude, it was 93 degrees, maybe 75% humidity. It was brutal. So I go into a greenhouse and I'm like, I guess it's cooler in here than you hit a pocket and you're just instantly just covered in sweat.


So then I fucked up my swimming dude being longly guarded. Threw the whole room off. Threw The whole fucking Room. Threw the whole fucking room off. Didn't get any fucking sleep. I got No, I went to my parents' house. My mom won't turn on the air. She turns on the air conditioning, but barely. It's a fight. It's crazy. You gotta you gotta do, you gotta control it. Yeah. I'm not gonna, that's one thing. I don't, don't touch people's Thermostats. I I will touch my parents' thermostat. Will you really? Yeah. Just go and crank it up And then I'll hear Phil walk over and change it immediately. Like, who's doing this? It's literally, he'll change it one degree. He will put it back up one. That's so Funny. He's an asshole for that. Well, the, we were staying in my sister's old room and that was like notoriously the one room of the house that like doesn't get heat in the winter, doesn't get air, dude.


So it was like me, Brittany, and, and like, we're in like a, a full bed and then there's our, our one daughter's in a pack and play. So every time she was, she had a cough. So we were in there, it's like 80 something degrees. I'm sweating my balls off Brittany's next to me. Anytime we would like touch each other, we'd just be like, just the fuck off me. And then our daughter would just start coughing. So we would just both go stiff. Yeah. Because when she coughs, she'll like slightly wake up and if I like get up and look at her and she sees me, that's two and a half hours of her just being like, ah. So I got like no sleep at all. I, I was like the most un relaxing trip I think I might've had in my life. Post brewsky tumble. This was Leading up to the brewsky tumble. Oh, this was the night before. This Was like, it was a Lot of Factors. I got no sleep dude. I was Getting no sleep. Zero sleep, sweat all day.


Can't get any Quila Pussy in that house either. And no pussy. Can't get no motherfucking pussy. I was, I was the it was the cry of the predator last night, dude. Yeah. You let it out. Yeah, you let it out. Oh my god. Did I ever, did I ever, I thought about running one back, a historical shower beating in that house. That'd been crazy. Oh, throw back. I Might have screamed if I, if I, if I came back to see my sexual evolution in the shower, I would've been nuts. Dude. I always screamed. I Might've met the wizard twice that week. The shower out in the water. But yeah, I Just, I return to the, I return to the scene of the crime often. Really?


Yeah. Every time I at my parents' house. That's crazy. And It is a weird feeling. Jacking off in the same room you used to. Yeah. You go, damn, I'm, I've done nothing. I'm still here. This is my true purpose. I'm still here jacking off quietly. Yeah, it was, It is disorienting When you when I, when I was like staying 'cause I haven't like lived in there for a long time. So when I stayed there for long stretches of time, I just, I start feeling like kind of weird. Not like a bad way, but I kind of start feeling like, oh yeah dude, I like live my whole life in this fucking place. Yeah. Just sitting there. I'm like, now I got my fucking wife and my cheering in here. I kept fucking with Brittany. I said Brittany, that's what happens if it all falls down. She was like, it's so fucking hot in this room.


I said, Hey man, you need to be a team player. If it all falls down, this is exactly where we'll be. She's like, you're an asshole. I was like, get ready. We're gonna be in the hot room. We're gonna sleep in the hot room. My kids with four Kids, a bunch of fucking immigrants. Fuck crap. Three different families in this bedroom. Spilled macho on my wound. Yeah. We'll be in the hot room dude. Just chilling. We'll have a multi-generational household. I do like, it was fun to teaser with that. It's like, hey man, don't know how good you have it. I'm all for it. Don't know how good you have it man. This is, look. Yeah, I It is Best Case there. Afraid to live You best You. should I? I'd like having a box fan. It was kind of something nice about Box fan's. Nice. I just had a sheet around my penis in case like my parents came in and I just laid there naked on the bed with a box fan blowing on me.


It was just like this guy, this kind of fucking rules. Yeah, that does rule. Dude. It was awesome. I look like an old Gio painting. Who? Gio. I was open no episode. Caravaggio. Gio. Caravaggio. Car. Car. It is Caravaggio. Caravaggio. Caravaggio. Carpa. Old master Caravaggio. I'm sure there's a fucking car. Gio somewhere. True. That's who I was talking somewhere. Cario did some painting. Did you Ding your chin up as well? No, that's just as it. Oh, Okay Man. Shit. And I nicked it. Fuck Did you pop? You popped it Up? Yeah. I fucking, yeah. Anxiously ripped at it last night.


What else are you gonna do? You get dumb ass. No. What else are you gonna do? I'm getting, that's all you can do. My stomach Pimples are coming back. I think it's chocolate. It's definitely chocolate. It's Chocolate. I ate chocolate. My stomach breaks out. That's crazy. It's insane. Dude. Could have been long one Longwood garden sweating. Could Be. I would imagine it's sweating. Could be. Yeah. But I'm telling no, I'll sweat. I I'll, you know, that's all I do is sweat. Yeah. But Then you usually shower after you work out. Right? Actually I know you're dirty ass. Well if I'm gonna go back out in the heat, I might as well just be dirty all Day. I'm with you. I understand. I used to work outside all day. Yeah. This is how I rationalize. I was like, dude, I used to work outside all day for like eight hours of sweat.


Yeah. What. the fuck's the difference. If I just wait till four 30 shower off. Anyway, I'm actually, I've absconded for my ma'am the lady, my like virtual lady, personal trainer nutrition. Yeah. Tell her to stay the Fuck out of it. I'm on the run right now, dude. She's an email. I ghosted her. She's been emailing me like, Matt, what's going on? I'm Like, nothing. I'm really busy right now. I can't do this anymore. Tequila and chocolate all week. I Know. I went, the logs went dark and I have, I was like, I'll email her today. And I'm like, just one more day of glory dude. One more day. Oh my God, you've earned it bro. I did. I fucking almost killed myself in the pool. Yes. Exercising dude. Pool knockout is for real. So fun. One of the balls like, you know when you peel all like the skin off of a basketball? Yeah. And it's just the fuzzy stuff in the water. It gets slimy for some reason.


So every now and again you'd catch the slime ball dude. And it was like 50 pounds. It was so fucking fun. Did you get to fight during knockout? Are you allowed to be siz? No. There was a little, there was a little pushing around. You gotta be able to push. Are you allowed to throw the other ball? There's a little blocking. Yeah. The rules got bent immediately. Yeah. Yeah. You, if your ball goes out of the water and you see that the ball just jump and smack. You run. Get your ball to the wall. The rules started to bend a little bit there. But yeah, it was, it was fun. I was fucking outta breath. We a good time. Yeah, we had a nice, we had a shindig here on. Yeah. What'd you guys do on the fourth? Oh you would like this? We set off some fireworks in the front. I Saw the remains. Dude. The neighbors came out, we're like, Hey, shut up. And I was like, shut the fuck up. I was, you know, we had a couple drinks so I was like, hey, shut the Fuck up.


The old man across the Street? No, down the na They were young. Oh fuck that. And. they came out And. they were like, hey, keep it down. They just, just wanna watch the fireworks. Yeah. And I was like, shut the fuck up. So then we were setting off fireworks and then they stayed and watched. So then I got some Roman candles and shot it at them. And. they all ran. And then I woke up the next day like whoa. Shot fireworks in my neighbors. Holy shit. So they were jokingly coming out and being like, keep It down. I was keeping it high. It wasn't hitting him. You Just hit it over. Yeah, I know what You mean. Little chin music. Put the angle above it. Yeah. Brush 'em off the plate. 30 degrees. Yeah. Outta Napoleon. Doubt True. What was that one thing when he opened the cannons on the Citizens? Yeah. They came like turn it off.


True. Damn, you got the candles and shit. Yeah, It Was great. Where'd you get Fireworks from? Yoni. nch clip bro. Right. Brought over. He brought over like a mortar and was firing like real fireworks. It was crazy. It was comical how intense the fireworks were. Yeah. Dude, when you go to those like phantom firework stores serious, they sell like real shit serious. And I don't know if you're allowed to do that here. Serious. It seems like a serious, Texas has a serious right outside of Austin. Austin. There's a zillion fireworks. No, I just mean like the fire hazard here. Oh they'll, yeah. They probably come shut you down. Yeah. But yeah, you can get, we passed the fireworks for like 20 minutes outside the city. But yeah. I like the little ground guys. Dude, just gimme the Yeah, we had the ground guys going cracks going. Yeah, I've, I've become my dad in terms of hating fireworks when I see I'm like, Jesus fucking Crush.


Yeah. You gonna wake up the neighbors, that shit fucking Sulfur that lands on your roof. It's not gonna stop fucking burning. That's all I was thinking. He was hitting me with his hatred for fireworks. Hey, it's fucking sulfur. It lands on your roof. You can't put that out. He's, he was in absolute full effect all weekend. He is so fucking funny. Yeah. What else happened on the, at the fourth guard, right when we got there, guard dog ate mushrooms. Was freaked out. Really? What'd you have? I had these chocolates, but I think they were expired chocolates. So they kind hurt my expired Chocolates. Expired Chocolates. If you Hanging out here, if you get a southern accent, you'll just be Gump.


Yeah. Oh, You had some aspir chocolates. I had some aspir chocolates. And. they hurt my belly a little bit and then I ate more 'cause I, 'cause I was foolish. Did you have a belly ache or a panic attack? What happened? I had a belly ache that led into a panic attack. No, You, you kept it together pretty well. I kept it together pretty well. But I was, I could tell you were fully Nonverbal for about two hours. You were, you were spinning. I watched How many squares did you have? Fo Fo Squares. That's, that's decent. Yeah. Fo Squares are damn near half the bar isn't it? I Started on two and then I hit two mo after about an hour I was like, this is gonna be the best day ever. I need, I need to take more mushroom. You gotta a belly. Belly. Yeah. Belly mushrooms would send me into a fucking Belly.


I told you about the house of pain. Yeah. I told you last week I had half of one at McCaffrey's Wedding And. he started to bug. Yeah. I told you this. This is when Yeah, that's when they Yeah. You saw I was sitting outside looking at no. Yeah. But I was sitting outside in a rocking chair looking at the stars and a dude comes up. 'cause I was in that party that was like intense. Yeah, yeah. And I came outside and the guy was like, my cousin looks retarded. We say he looks like you. And I was just like, No shit dude. I was just freaking Out. Dude. Sometimes the lower doses are worse. It was just a little, I thought I'd be fine. Yeah. But when you have enough, you kind of just like, you're kind of out of your like normal Mental sphere. Yeah. I just slightly high and physically the body high with it's tough. I think I'm gonna faint at the fucking martini party That happens at weddings.


I like to take a little bit Mushrooms. You take a fucking espresso martini tumble at a fucking, that's the most embarrassing thing. That's a girl martini tumble. They do look delicious. I never had one before. I, as soon as I took the mushroom, I went and grabbed a espresso martini and chugged it. I was just Sad. Just a counter. It was just A counterbalance. Yeah. If you fell after, if you took an espresso martini tumble, that might be how you end up as one of those guys on Instagram in a tweed suit. And you're like, who says guys can't look good anymore? Who says a man can't look good anymore? God Dammit. Dunk. I did a cool slam dunk with Lae to Cure. I watched that. That helped To John Cena's entrance music. That helps lot. It's As cool as it gets a lot.


Yeah. I heard you guys started a gay only fans and everyone's finding out about it. No, That's sketch. Well allegedly. No it's you. No it's Not me. It's you. I heard you guys have a joint gay only fans. What the hell? Yeah, You guys could probably make some money dude. We might be able To. Yeah, if you did like real soft core shit, like no, nothing genital. Just like, like Just play. Start with an early one. Start with Twitch. Twitch streaming. You guys shirtless playing video games in there. Anytime you do well you like jump on each other and hug and that's like, that's the little, we're tiptoeing into it a little. Yeah. Like for more subscribers you do like, you know, more degraded X You'd be thick and thin.


That'd be kind of nice. That's A nice name. It's got a nice ring Too. It does. When it comes time to actually penetrate each other sexually. Who's doing what? I think I'm out. I think I can what? Wait, you're telling me you don't want to have gay sex with one another? I don think, I don't think I can go gay sex far. I think Guardini's the top. Dude. I you, I, I think Gini would top gay gay's. It's Nothing like, I think he would little humper you. Yeah, I think Ardini would take the top bro. You got all those cheeks. You got all those cheeks. You Love cheeks bro. I'm sorry. I'm just doing it. It's just a beast Dude, you're so voluptuous. Alright. What if it's panties in the mouth now it's three dogs going at it.


Nate's entered full on face. The thick con, the Kirby pipe pipes. Yeah, the dog. The but dog. But Dog. He brought the lady. Tommy got A but dog. Tommy's got a new but dog. I saw Tommy's, but dog yesterday. Everyone's getting dogs now. First step. The First step they'll have. It's a kid in a month. Big old babies in their bellies. Very soon you get the kid, you get the dogs first. Then you just completely sacrifice the dogs to the kids. You're like, yeah, I don't give a fuck. Yeah, I learned that at a pretty young age. Yeah. My bro got, my bro got a dog with his chick and immediately she got pregnant. It something happens. Man. I didn't know that. That was a, yeah, as soon as he bought the dog, everyone was like, oh you guys are gonna have a kid.


It's a tester. 'cause the dog's a seven year, eight, nine, you know. Yeah. Commitment or whatever. Seven year, Whatever, however long they live. Put the fucking thing down dude. You see one lamp, you go hour. Well You rescue 'em. Usually they rescue when they're like two. Yeah. And then you know you got another seven years and that thing's gonna die. So that's like the first, once you, you get a dog with a girl, then I think like a green light goes off in her head and she does. Yeah. It's time for you to crumb. She crops Your butt cheeks. And. he goes, no, No. Stay the leg lock dude hits you with the fucking leg lock. Yeah, exactly. And who are we to resist a leg lock? Dude, it's, it can happen to any of us. Our Bodies are designed to do complete that act. A leg lock is impossible. Pulling, pulling out's. Impossible. I don't know who how like, I mean I do it, but it's like You Are, you're fighting everything.


You're not supposed, you're not supposed To. There's a part, there's literally my, even my inner monologues, like she'd be a good mother do it. I try, I try to get those like right before I pull out. You get those like couple real waves of intensity. Foer. I'm like, you Get the last couple. Not yet. Hold, go. Ah. And then you go, oh, there's a little, oh my bad. I got greedy again. Crap. I got greedy again. There's My front runners And. he pop out. Yeah, There's the Guy. You know there's a, there's a good show. I didn't finish it. I fell asleep last night. But it's about this Dutch guy that was, he was a sperm donor. He would do it offline. He had like a thousand kids. Yeah. But He was like a YouTuber.


His videos are the funniest fucking, he's like, today I'm in Rome. It is very beautiful here. Oh no. And Then like he's like with long hair playing guitar and shit. But then he would, he would talk about coming in these ladies and it's all just lesbians. It's all just Dutch lesbians. What that are like, he is very good. I hire him to come in my pussies. He a semen is very strong. They're very excited about how strong this guy's jizz is. Whoa. It's pretty great. Then it turns out he is a freak that loves impregnating dude. He would jack off in a cup. They would drive to his house, take the cup, keep it between their legs to keep the sperm warm. Drive home and Turkey ba it in this one Lady.


Why do, why do you have a baster parlor in his house? Eventually it just leads to him being like, Let me Just do it. I'll just do it. It'll be our secret. I won't tell anyone else. And. he was ba in lesbians in fucking Holland. God dude. That's crazy. One lady was driving home and was like, I got lost. The sperms gonna die. I am just gonna do it right here. She pulled over, took a syringe of this guy's jizz and injected it under like a fucking bridge. It's like, dude, you imagine if that's how you were conceived and your lesbian mom talked about on Netflix. Oh That's Rough. You are a fucking tube baby on a fucking highway. And That's fucking rough. God damn. Turns out it was a guy who was tricking everyone.


So wait, they didn't know how many people he was, was dealing with. What was the Trick? No, he was doing it off like online. Like not like through a professional thing. Gotcha. And then he was also donating to sperm banks, which you're only allowed to donate like X amount of times. That Makes sense because then he, because Then the whole population Yeah. Is one retired guy's kid? Yeah, And. he, so he was tricking them. He was actually doing it on the side. It was like his thing. He liked, How do you get the word? I guess you can get the word of mouth on that. Pretty good. Yes. 'cause he fucked so many people. Yeah. Like the one lady worked with another lady that did the same thing. Like our guy's name is Jonathan. She's like, my guy's name's Jonathan. What? Here's a picture of 'em and they're like, holy shit, our kids are siblings.


That's pretty cool. And. they all started and then everyone started being like, our kids are siblings. Yeah. Oh, that kind picture. They'd Go to the park, they'd be like, that kid looks like our kid. Oh no. And. they go, did you get a surrogate? And they're like, yeah. Like the Fuck. He can't get, he's not, not that fuck. He's not get in trouble for It is he? He just, I, I don't know. I didn't finish it. I'm sure he gets in trouble for it. It's, you think so? Yeah. It's illegal Too much. Jews It is, I think when he, I think online you're allowed to do it. Yeah. I mean, But I think it's illegal if you keep going to sperm banks and doing it. That's true. I think It's funny. You can pay to have a guy just pay you. Yeah. But you can't pay to get a blowjob.


I mean obviously one's to create life. I get the the difference. But it is funny. Yeah. One's, one's a, you know, head creates life. True. Yeah. It gives you more life. True Head you head gives you energy, The head gives you life. You go God, things are not that bad. Yeah. You get four minutes after you jizz in a lady's mouth to lay in bed and go Woo. Yeah. Things are looking up. What happened to the Dutchman? Well I, I said how many times can you donate sperm? There's no legal limit but sperm banks only allow you to sire between 25 to 30 children. That's a fucking lot. Yeah. It's crazy. That's a lot.


Sire is cool. Sire is the tight word. Yeah. 25 to 30 is the max. It would be funny to like, for that guy to be like real professional about it. Be like, look, I do this all the time. It's not a big deal. And as soon as he's coming he'd be like, ah, Just doing in different positions. Just flip over, come here pulling her hair and shit. I'm gonna put these pillows under your butt. Yeah. He would start flirting with them like in the professional texts. He would start like, you look really pretty. You know, damn. He would get it going And these ladies don't get a lot of attention. Yeah. So they're excited about it. And they're all lesbians. Yeah. They, yeah.


I don't know about all of 'em, but yeah. Oh Good. Yeah. A good amount. We're not talking the finest looking ladies. I hear you. Yeah. Just some Dutch, Dutch sturdy lesbians. I think he literally describes one of 'em as Sturdy. Does he really? In like the, you're very beautiful. You look very sturdy. Like something like that. It's great. It's this tattoo lady. She's tattoo artist. She's covering tattoos. Dude, the euro YouTube is so funny of guys in France being like, I'm going to find out who has the best course song Today. I am in France. Wow guys follow me into France. A hundred views, 25 views. I Know. Wow. I'm going to come inside of a lesbian. Yeah, that's, there was always those guys in the nine.


That was a big thing in the nineties to be like, Yo, I fucked this chick. She was a lesbian but now she's straight. Yeah. That was a big thing. I think that's died out. I don't think anyone's doing that anymore. It's like Yo. Her friend was a lesbian and I fucking broke her off and now she's straight. Do you, have you done that? Man? Rappers talk about it. No, I think they're doing it in the reverse way now. Where like the gay people are trying to turn to straight people. Gay. Yeah. What. the Fuck. Do. You. Know. What do you mean J My brother? They got Him. Yeah. Yeah. God. You know. Damn it. Yeah, they lost him. So what do they do? They just target you and take you down? Or like how's it work? Yeah, I think, yeah, It is definitely a targeted sitch. You know, They're Like, this guy seems vulnerable, he seems lonely, let's make him gay.


Yeah. Yeah. What do they see you like walking on your tippy toe somewhere? Like how do they, how do they know? How do they know you? How do they know you're up for it? They see it. They see a sneeze. Yeah. True. They see Guy And. they go Yo. There he is. Yeah. If you sneeze you're like, oh fuck. Re Like, oh yeah, they can fuck that Guy. True. If you walk it like hit a doorway accidentally. Ow. Ow. I banged my elbow on the wall. Oh there he is. I'm gonna fuck that guy. We get that little fruity bowl. That would be nice. I'll say this, if you're a gay guy, like taking down straight guys, that would be a pretty sweet victory.


Like there's one less guy that can call me gay ever in his life. Oh true. Blew him. He's outta the party. He's off. Yeah. He can never come His pieces out. I jumped him. Yep. He can never say, you know, boy's got a little sugar in his tank, But You are really fucking, you know, it depends how, how it's done. If, if it's a, if you're at a bar, a guy's drinking, you suck his dick. That's really, you really altered that guy's entire life. He Did. He did. Like he really fucked his whole life up. It is funny to think about a dude who's, who's like genuinely straight, who gets like so wound up and just kind of like confused, gets drunk and like gets his dick sucked by a guy.


It's a very funny thing to think about. Just being like, I don't know man, I don't know if I wanna do it with my life. And it's like, I'll watch a movie with you and you're, oh shit. Fuck. Oh fuck dude. Oh no. Fuck. Oh God. Hold on, hold on, hold on Bro. Dude, no, don't do this. Don't do that. On You are the last thing you remember. You're like, so the aliens just land And. they don't talk to anybody. Oh God. Damnit. I heard this was good. Oh, what else is she in? I've seen her before. Oh shit. Wait, you just gonna put it behind me and suck it? What. the Fuck. Dude, I Didn't even know it could go back there. Oh you got it. You got it. Oh shit dude. Men have G spots.


You are getting milked and sucked to me. I got in a, I got in a nice fight. You would've appreciated it. I was, I've been watching Girl tv. There's a lady around and I was watching a girl show her and her friend and we were watching RuPaul's Drag Race. Yeah. I'd had a couple Bruces, I think it was after, might've been the 4th of July. Was After the fourth. Yeah. I was, yeah, I was fired up. You were Patriotic? Yeah, I was patriotic as fuck. We were watching RuPaul's Drag Race And. they were laughing and I was like, all right, so you guys are laughing at them also. Like this is silly. And they're like, no we're laughing 'cause you don't, You are, we're laughing at you watching it.


And I was like, that's not true. You laughed at that guy. The then, then it devolved into a Dr. Like me being like, You Are laughing at him. Admit You're laughing at him Because It is weird. I'm going to bed. I went to bed. He, I had to Apologize. He just came out in a dress. Like he It is funny. It is funny. That's the whole point of the show. Yeah. It is Funny. They're sassy. I think the sass is like the sass factor. Yeah. Being funny. Yeah, they're funny. Yeah. But it also like every once in a while I'll cut to a guy with like a blonde, like a yellow bull cut and yellow eyebrow like, and I'm gonna win the next competition girl. And everyone laughs. 'cause that's funny.


I'm not So they were claiming that all the funniness was on you Watching it. They were saying that I was a bigot the entire time and that's why it was funny to watch. And I was like, no. But they are funny and I watched you laugh at them. Yeah, they're funny. They are Anyway. And it, yeah, I couldn't get over it. There's literally I couldn't over it. Literal silly. They're silly. They're being silly. They're being very silly. They're being the most silly Possible. Possibly too silly. You know What? Yeah. What's the distinction between full trans is like, you want the full experience the boobs Like Steve-O Dude, how crazy is that? What Steve Steve's getting tits. Remember I talked about how funny it'd be for dudes to get just be a dude but hold down like a solid rack. He's doing that dude.


Yeah dude, I, I think I affected the morphogenetic field. Dude, that's crazy. Or maybe he was just on those tits already. Maybe he put that thought in me. I don't know. That just beamed out of his tits. Sorry, I was trying to look ups. Steve o's tits. Steve o's getting A and instead. Instead the first thing I saw was my dad sent me a link pen live.com. That's our local newspaper. The day a bear, the moment a bear fell from a tree near Trinity High School. Thank you Phil. It's actually hilarious. They trak a bear. Yeah, that yeah that was near Trinity when They got that. Yeah. I thought they shot that thing. Yeah. What's good. You see his titties? He's getting, He didn't, he said he was getting Bs. Ds I, Steve's getting Bs obviously Eats fucking paperclips.


And. he iss not gonna get like a cups. He's gonna get big fat. Double Ds. He's gonna have to get like strong to hold those up. Why Steve o's getting tits? He needs to do drugs. No offense. I I miss the whip hit sea belt dude. Too much. You can't satisfy. I mean dude, if you hold it down you're like I'm hetero I. just want to have a big fat rack on me. The case I was making is that would be erotic. I'll Squeeze it down. You squeeze on this squeeze. Squeeze on your titties. You sit there and this fucking, that's Fucking I know, I know. It's, I hate it. I know it's crazy. You Don't think he's trying to make a stealth, a stealth like slow trans move. That's the move. I mean he, you Know, I think he's hitting a full, if you're getting tits and you're going, nah, I'm just fucking around like Nah dude.


Yeah I don't know. Could be a slow stealth trans. But again it's like, I don't know if he holds, he might just hold down some titties. Dude, keep it a buck. It's crazy. He's doing that. I saw Bam Bam was in talks with bare knuckle boxing. What? Yeah bams transitioning to straight as far. BA's winning. Dude. Why Is he doing bare knuckle Boxing? I don't know. That's kind of cool. That'd be cool for him to get into that. I mean he is got a high pain tolerance. I don't know. We've been watching a lot of Steve's lower backs gonna be killing him with those titties Man. People that are not trained fighting. We've been watching the fucking street beefs. You watch street beef, you've seen it. It's just a backyard.


Oh yeah, I have seen that. Actually I get upset 'cause they, it's always just like the most jacked black dude that does that actually trains boxing versus a gas station white guy. It's always a gas station white guy. I know. And the gas station, you can tell they can't fight. 'cause the first time they get hit, they turn around, they run, they get a hit and like spin around. They're always on their toes. Like I know every now and again it's not fair. They'll get a crazy white boy though. Every now and again They do get some crazy white boys that clearly do Juujitsu and shit. Old boy Dave old boy. Dave's the best. He's like a 55-year-old Vietnamese dude. Oh really? There's Italian stallion. Isn't he Italian Stallion? He's like in Washington. I haven't seen the Italian guy.


He's like an old Drunk guy. He fucking Gross And. he does well. Yeah, He's just, of Course there's Sig Shinigami is arguably one of the most powerful fighters in street beefs and he's Caucasian. Really? All right. Although he presents as Asian, he wears like a full Karate deal. They all do. Yeah. Yeah. Even it's, it's a million black nerds. Yeah, it's black nerds wearing fucking anime head wraps and shit. Verse gas station white dudes and the gas station whites get fucking slaughtered. Yeah, they get beat up. That's crazy. Shout out to them for even taking on the challenge. Street beefs is awesome. Street Beef is crazy. I've seen it. I probably showed it to me a long Time's. Favorite thing to watch? It's crazy. I only watched it like I'll see like clips online. I never sat down and watched two hour compilations.


That's Like, they'll like fight in like a drainage ditch off like the side of the road in California and There's a, oh Really? If I'm thinking of the right thing, there might be another one. This one's like more of a organized like a shitty fence ring. Yeah And There's like kids watching it and people smoking cigarettes. Full families. That's where they based the UFC mini game on Back bro. Yeah, it seems they based that off of Kimbo. Okay, Gotcha. That seems more kimbo to me. But did Did what? McCall it just fight Mazda didn't. They did one. It was just boxing, Right? Just boxing. It was fucking great. He whoop his ass. It was a very close fight. Was it really? But Nate won. Yeah, Nate had volume classic. Nate Diaz, did you Hear McGregor bet 500,000 bucks on it?


No. Who do you bet on Mato? Nate Diaz. Oh hell yeah. And. he won Nice MCGs back dude. 1.7 Milli. That's crazy. I just saw that this morning. He begged 500 grand And. he basically called it He was like Nice gonna box, he's on out, hit him, he is gonna box, blah blah, blah. He said they're both losers for doing just boxing. He attacked both of 'em. He was like, they're both pussies for doing he, he called him like child's play. He was like, it's child's play either way, but I'm gonna make some easy money here. And. he was right. He won. I mean he was, he was right about the fact Nate was just gonna outbox him. Yeah. So Yeah. And that's pretty cool. That's cool. Chris, Chris Villa beat Anthony Pettis. Oh I didn't see that. Yeah. Boxing or just boxing. That's a good idea for UFC to get into like just straight up boxing matches too.


They've been doing that. Do they really? The slap league's gotta stop, dude. I call it the slap league is crazy. I call it some slap league backstage of the creek in the cave one night and it's intense. It's terrible. They keep Inviting you. You wanna talk about gas station whites, dude? Yeah, that's the, that's gas station whites. Those Are the boss level. Gas station whites though. They're big gas station whites. Dude. Street beef gas station whites are like yeah, you've seen them. Yeah. Yeah. They're literally the like the, there's the 7 1 7 boys. There's two Harrisburg boys. Is it really? It's hilarious. I think it's outside of Baltimore. Wherever they do those. It's Virginia, Northern Virginia. Yeah. There's Like Virginia and Washington And. they Do it On the west coast too. But yeah, Virginia's where it started I think.


Yeah, because the guys wear like Ravens gear all the time. Do they Really? The 7 1 7 brothers got in there. It was hilarious. They, they had a street beef with these two dudes that clearly do Juujitsu And. they did a two on two fight. Did they really? Yeah. Both the gas station whites got fucking juujitsu. Do they Have an actual beef or is it just kind of like, That seemed like a real beef. Really? Yeah. Shit. You settle your beefs in the ring, dude. Sometimes It's actual real beef between guys. Like the neighbors. You really wanna be watching the, the two neighbors. They just brought in two. Two guys that didn't like each other that were neighbors came and had a fight. One guy wore a Pittsburgh Steelers polo and got a boxing match with the other guy. Wore the Baggiest sweatpants you've ever seen. They looked at just two fat guys that were like, they were just like, all right, the fight's over.


You guys are tired And do they Get, does this channel like taken down or like, 'cause I imagine like people are trying to shut it down. It's probably, yeah, it's probably enormous. Yeah, it's Huge. There's this one guy named Baby Hulk. Baby Hulk was a Beast. I I know Baby Hulk. Baby Hulk. Is that jacked black dude? Yeah, he's tiny. Who's the, who's the jacked black dude that's like four foot two Baby Hulk. Baby Hulk. That's baby Hulk. Baby Hulk's. Nice dude. That guy Terrifying. Yeah. See that's who I saw. I saw Baby Hulk. He's like actually a midget. Yeah. You gotta get him in a real UFC. He's nice though Dude. He looks like a creative player. He does. He's a creative player. Yeah. He's kind of nice though. Baby Hulk was surprising. I I saw him go against someone way bigger than him. And, he knocked him out. Yeah, There's a compilation of that. There's a really funny one.


Every once in a while a dude just puts his hands down is like, I have a chin. Yeah. You cannot hurt me. And, they get fucking knocked out. Just Jesus. Christ. I love old boy Dave. Oh boy. Dave is awesome. Oh boy. Dave just leg kicks black guys that don't really know how to fight. Solid move. It's a Convenient store Beef. I don't see anything wrong with that strategy. Yeah, baby Hulk's Terrifying. Dude. That's my move in UFC. Yeah, true. Don, you dude. When's the last time you watched slap league? I watch it. It's fucking crazy Fan Sand. It's the whole time you watch it. Really? Yeah. Paige Van Zant just did It. Paige Van Zant just did it and your face just gets all puffy and fucking Red.


And the whole time they tell you get smacked in the face And. they go like, nah, that wasn't it. And then eventually the guy go, that wasn't shit. I guess it's judged on how much you move unless you get like, if you like move. That's a certain amount of point. I watched a couple of matches and the guy, one guy goes like this, he goes, Yeah, they all do that. Yeah, They all Warm up. The other dude I saw was just going, What really smack They usually hit like a couple warmups. Yeah. There's this one guy named Slap Jesus. He goes on one. He is always like right on one. He goes, oh pow. He just said he kills him. Dude, no way. Slap league. No, no. I can't dude You guys after you guys do like you're only fans. You should do slap league guys.


If you guys, if you guys did a homo erotic slap league, it'd be nice. Yeah. Play slap league. Just like stop it. My God. Slap your butt instead of your face. Yeah. Slap your butt. Whoever jis butt Slap. Butt slap league would be crazy. Spank league. That would be a safer spank league would be a safer alternative. I Think so. Yeah. Dude, If you had to put your ass on the line as that'd be crazy. That would be loco. Hmm. That would be crazy. That'd be loco dude. Loco crazy. Five star league would be nice. When's the last time you caught a five star across the back? Not in a while. Someone just takes their hand on your bare back and just slaps you and leaves like a handprint.


It's been a long time. I think that would bother me. I don't think I would handle that great. A five star. I think I, that would result in a teary-eyed scream. Hi brother, you've always fucking Hated me. You've always done this type of shit. To me, That's a teary eye scream at the party dish. What. the Fuck is your problem. What the Fuck. Dude, it's not even funny. Catching a five star sucks So that I think, I think I would yell my way into teary Yad. Yeah. First the slide be like, that's not, you think It is Funny.


There's nothing worse than talking yourself into a cry. Yeah. That's the only time. That's the only way I cry. Now It is just so what's like, what's wrong? Nothing Man. You all right? Yeah. It's just that I'm fine. I'm trying to think of the last time I cried. Huh? It's been a Minute. It's been a while. It's been a while since I caught a real, a real one. Yeah. I I can, I can get a nice email cry. Yeah. Like just from something nice. I got teary-eyed watching a fucking JFK speech. Did you really? Yeah. Did you watch when he did the real debate?


No, I didn't watch it. I didn't get to watch it either. I didn't watch it. I didn't get to see it either. I heard it was good. I gotta check it out. I'm sure It Is. Do you see him catching the rattlesnake on social media? Dude, he, do you see him catching a rattlesnake? He's catching Critters now. Okay. I saw him covered in bugs the other day. Yeah, he catches, dude, he, He is literally covered head to toe ladys. Why? He covered in bugs. He's nature Covered in lady bugs. He was talking to birds the other day. Whoever's running social media is failing him. No. No. Fucking can't be covered in bugs and not If you saw the snake V, you'd be pumped on the bugs. I'm pumped on him. Did you see the snake V? No. He catches a rattlesnake in a butterfly net dude. And grabs it by the head. It's fucking crazy. He's on his dude. That's good. I like that And.


he see little Teddy Roosevelt. His bay's watching him. Dude. Yeah. You can tell his babe's like, oh, oh my God, I can't look. He's a nature boy. He's just Gushing her up, dude. Woo. But I can't have a candidate covered in bugs. But What kind of bugs were they? First of all, Ladybugs. Dude, ladybugs rule. That's Good luck. No, it's an infestation lady. I used to have ladybugs in my old house. I actually, I Love him. You didn't believe in germs? I didn't believe in germs. These lady bugs are helpful. I questioned germ theory. Dude, it's a It is a relatively new theory. Turns out it's right. It's right. They nailed it on the head. Hold on, I'll find the bugs. Question. Germ theory. And I got like a third world eye infection. That shit fucked me up, man.


Whatt what? Have what? Google epidemic conjunctivitis. That shit fucked your boy Up. Dude. Did you die? Did you go? I was Like this every night. 11 o'clock. My eye would just start the white blood cells for six months after I got the infection. Went rushed in my eye and I'd be like, Holy shit. It was fucked up. You go to the doctors. Yeah. Eventually I didn't have healthcare, so like I kind of talked That out out for a While and I begged my mommy. I was like, mommy, I'm really scared. I think I'm going to, I think I have the Ray Charles disease. Can you please send me to the fucking eye doctor, please. Mommy, please You. You would. You'd do well with the Ray Charles. It would just be piano. You'd Be so nice on the piano. Oh, I Was at my Aunt Kathy's house or 4th of July and she has a fucking organ in her house. Oh my God. That's awesome. She has an organ.


Yeah. It's so sick.


Lucy is made for your nicotine routine and delivered straight to your door. It's a hundred percent pure nicotine and always tobacco free. You can choose pouches, gum, and our favorite breakers. Breakers are pouches, but with a capsule of liquid flavor inside that helps saturate the pouch. Breakers are available in four milligram or eight milligram, including flavor, mint, berry, citrus and espresso pouches. Go all the way up to 12 milligrams. Holy cow. That's a lot. If you're not a pouch guy or gal, Lucy Gum is available in two milligram, four milligram or six milligram. Set yourself up with a subscription and have Lucy delivered straight to your door. No more weekly gas station trips. Personal endorsement. Amazing. 1212 Milligram will get you flying. That's All I do. That's Crazy. I put two 12. Nah, don't put two twelves in. No. That might be like about the limit. Two twelves would have you Two. Yeah, you'd be fired Up. You might enter a trance. Yeah. Don't risk it. No, I like them. Lucy Break are great. The icy cools. You know What? I like em when I'm on a plane, dude. True. When I'm on an narrow plane. Yep. Gets me to my destination. Can't be spitting. Everyone wants Their Lucy. You are making a strong, yeah, they're making a good push right now in the market. Yep. Let's level up your nicotine routine with Lucy. Go to lucy.co/drench and use promo code drench to get 20% off your first order. Lucy offers free shipping and has a 30 day refund policy if you change your mind. That's lucy.co and use code drench to get 20% off and always free shipping. And here comes the fine print. Lucy Pros are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Boy don't I know.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. Comparison is a thief of joy and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality, they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want. Yeah. There's probably a fucking loser. In reality. They're probably a fucking huge piece of shit. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have so you can start living your life. I mean, how nice is that? That's nice. Just Totally get over The fucking I eat on Instagram. I see someone doing something cool. I go, fuck. They have all the answers. Fuck. They're doing so much better than me. Fuck. Turns out they're sack of shit. Just posting a cool video. Yeah. It turns out they're probably gonna fucking kill themselves. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash MSSP today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/mssp.


Yes, we Did it. No, we got one more. Dude. This is, this is I'm, I started to read a little, it's kind of, there's some PAs in here. Oh No.


It's hot as balls in Austin. So shout out to our favorite sponsor, True Classic, for providing us with the most breathable and versatile teas in the game. Whether you're hitting those 6:00 AM runs or drinking five to 40 light beers a night, True Classic is the best fitting T-shirt for all the dogs. What the Fuck. That's an obvious pa. That's a PA for sure. Snug in the arms and chest with just the right amount of room in the midsection. You can wear them while performing at the mothership. Coaching girls high school basketball, getting as comfy as possible for the NCAA online dynasty. Or look to or looking jacked while hitting 4 32 hertz on the flute for a limited time snag there. Buy more. Save more deal when you shop with my exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash mssp. Plus, check out their pack builder bundle, your favorite bundle your favorites, and score up heavy discounts with each item or shop at their pack of the week for a curated bundle of ultra discounted favorites. Personal endorsement. I do like them. They completely True. Classic tees are great. Completely taken over my closet. Yeah, they're great. Designed to accentuate your best features. True Classic shirts are tailored for a perfect fit, snug in the arms and chest with just the right amount of room in the midsection. The best part is the True. Classic sells premium products at an affordable price. You can get their best selling T-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more in three, six and nine packs. Looking to dress up. Explore the short sleeve button-ups for a l, yet polished summer look. Pair their True Classic authentic jeans for a laid back vibe That never goes outta style. I don't know if you're like me, but I love staying in style, especially being a stylish man is extremely important. To me and a laid back vibe. I love making sure I have a laid back vibe. Yeah. But I love being stylish as a man, as A chic laid back, There's not a better quality I find in men than being stylish. I don't think it's feminine. This summer, be fully ready for the summer salt life with the best shirts out there. Be ready. Look your best. Save more with our exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash mssp. Be a red power God with True Classic tees.


Oh, hey. Hey everybody. It's me, la. Me. May I, okay. If you guys are in the Northeast on August 13th, I'll be at the Dojo East in August 14th. Where's the Dojo East In Morris Plains, New Jersey. Alright. Morris, I don't remember. And the hugs at the Nook in Westfield, mass. And in the comedy scene at Foxborough Mass, it's next to the Patriot Stadium. You are gonna want, you're gonna wanna see La Me live. It's wonderful. He's always fully composed Here. He out your baseball. Hey, Please come to Optimum Nous the first Tuesday of August, August 6th. That the creek and the cave, please. And then I'll be in San Diego.


August 15th. Tacoma. August 16th, 17th in Spokane, August 18th. Thank you. That's Great. Hell, Congratulations. Bless. Thank you. Please come. Thank you guys. God bless you. Let's get back to The show. Let's show, let's go back to the show. Show and go to San Jose. Go to San Jose. You fucks. So, dude, you know, you can get pianos for like, nothing. Can't find the bugs. It's not that expensive to move pianos. And everyone who has a piano, a lot of people don't want it anymore. So if you just, there's a, a ton of free pianos, you can just get moving. A piano is not that much money. I thought it'd be like $5,000. Yeah, it's like a couple hundred. So you can have a brand new baby grand. You gotta string it up outside your house. That would be nice. But it. Drop it on a fucking coyote. That would, that wouldn't be bad too, just to put one in my backyard.


Let it get rained on. Let it degrade and just be like, all right, get me a new free piano and move it to this house. Shoot Some video. Oh, shoot. Yeah. Play outside in the rain would be fucking awesome, dude. That'd be crazy. Playing fucking, what's that? Spoons or no, what's the I know how to, I, I've like, I'm trying to learn the basics of cocktail piano so I can play like that real slow, like hotel music. I gotta, I can really, I'm, I'm, I've learned I'm good at like learning little tricks of things that make it look like I'm really good at things. When in fact, if people just look a little bit deeper, they be like, this guy has no idea what he's doing. I've learned the seventh chords on, that's a Trump move.


Yes. It is for real. That's a Trump Dog dude. It is a Trump dog move. You can learn these like seventh chords and they're like kind of easy to play. And if you just hit them, they sound good. And you, and like, if you just hit the keys here and there, someone's Bad at piano. It's a real problem. Yeah, It sucks. The Salt Lake City airport has a piano in the main, people are always on that fucking thing. Stinking it Up. And if somebody's good, it's fine. But every once in a while, a bum will get on there. Just Suck And. they see a thousand people have to listen. Yeah. There was a, there was one in the Concord Mall and I went there last summer to like visit, I, I came up from Baltimore to say hi to like my, just my, my family and I met my sister at the Concord Mall. And like her kids hopped on it with me. And. they were just, and people were sitting there trying to eat sbarro.


Just like, Just when you thought things couldn't get any lower. Yeah. Yeah. You are eating a bag of anti Anns at a table by yourself. People start banging on a piano. Here comes a 4-year-old on the piano. Yeah. Concord Mall is still hanging in there. The Concord Mall in Wilmington, Delaware. It's like, it's Energy. It's good to see the mall hanging on. Dude. Dude, they've entered the phase of like Chinese bookstore plant shop where it's just like they sell like shit. Yeah. They sell like hardy boys books and just like bamboo shoots. Like for real. It's just, there's like, they sell plants and like statues and like five bullet. Eventually it all gets swallowed by a fucking outdoorsman shop.


Yeah. Was giant fucking Giant Bass Pro. Yeah. Shit. You know his favorite store? That is the bug man. The bug Man. RFK Jr. Dude C Bug the Bug, man. You love the, you love the store Too. It is a fun store to go in. My little, my brother's Son, Phil loves it. Phil, Phil would stop at them when we would drive And. he would go in and look at stuffed deer. Yeah. I thought That's a good looking deer. I asked my dad about it. I was like, have you been to a bass pro? And? He was like, dude, Yeah. Spent hours in there. So I go there with your mom and mom's like, you don't need any of this stuff. I'm like, would you relax dude? He fucking just like they, my dad could go look at like pocket knives for like four hours. Yeah. My dad takes the kids. My nieces and nephews is like a trip.


Like, we're gonna go to the BassPro. Yeah. BassPro does rule. Remember a big fish tank? Yeah. They get a big fish tank. They hold The lure up to the side to see if the fish like it. What? Yeah. Because if you like swim it along the side of the tank, the fish, if it's for the fish, it'll be like, it'll start looking at Really? Yeah. I'll go. Hell getting hungry. You start ing this building. That's pretty cool. I didn't know you could do that. Yeah, It's hell. Oh, I gotta go fishing. Yeah, You gotta be back in there. Go fishing. You gotta go fish. It's too hot out here to fish. I'm missing fish. You Gotta get out on the water to fish here. Yeah. I'm more of a net guy. I like catching. I'm more of A point guy. I go, there's a turtle. There's a turtle. Yeah.


I like That. And then the ducks. Oh, you missed it. I wouldn't mind catching some TURs. Yeah, sometimes you do. By accident. I'm I, I feel so bad. Hooking a turtle, dude. Yeah, it does. How do you get it outta the, well, I guess only snapping turtles bite. Not every turtle bites, right? Oh Yeah. But sometimes he'll just hook it like in its arm or Something. Yeah. I don't, my dad was trying to tell me, only snapping turtles will bite you. Other turtles. Oh, will bite you. Yeah. They probably won't. Yeah. Yeah. Snapping turtles will bite you. You have a box turtle, What those guys are called? Yeah. I Slider. I like those. I Was getting, dude, I was getting turtle talk this week. Everybody. I was getting every turtle. That's a boxier slider. That's good. He's like, see that's red as a red ear slider. And You heard him say that. You're like, I'm gonna do that to Shane.


It was just, it was Was, I hope Shane brings up turtles. There Was just four. It was like hovering brain. He fell right into just Four brain cells. He up turtles. A red ear slider. Yeah. There was, that was just four brain cells holding red ear sliders. Like, that's good though. We have 20 more hours of this dude. Hurry up. Use it. Use it. Yes. Got, Yeah. He loves telling his, his beefs are so funny. Dude. He had to, there, there was a guy, this, this might be slightly of a sensitive topic, but there was a guy who was trying to use, there's like a backfield behind our house that my, my dad and his brother owned. And a dude had his kids riding like dirt bikes on there. And my dad told him he can only ride a motorized scooter. He's like, that's it, that's fine. If you're with him, no problem.


You can cut across the field. Don't care. He's like, I saw this guy with a fucking 700 cc, four wheeler. See little 9-year-old. I went, Yo buddy, get this. No, you can't do this. Yeah. The guy's like, oh know. So then eventually the guy like was like, I don't even think that's your property. My dad was like, all right, And. he told it his brother just dumped boulders and blocked the guy's fence. So now he can't go on. Oh yeah. Yeah. Dude. He told me this story seven times when we were home. Said, you wanna talk to my brother? You okay? You okay? He's busy right now. Dumping boulders in front of your fence now you can't open it. Oh yeah. Oh, that's your, oh, you gotta get it surveyed. 'cause it's not your property line. 'cause I know It is, we've been here since 1990. Dude. He lives for those kind of battles.


Very funny. He's A fun battle. He was on it, it was 600 CCC dirt bike. He's towing four kids behind him. I said, oh, he thinks on the hook for that. True. It's on his property. Yeah. Can't have that. He lives in total fear of being sued all the time. You, you think, you don't think he's the first guy that fucking sued me. He blocked his fence with boulders. There's two giant brothers blocking your fence and you're like, What, the Fuck happened. Literal trolls. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Moving boulders to, yeah. Okay. I just trying to take my kid on a four wheeler, but all right. Fucking retard. Brothers next door. Put boulders in our way.


And, he, we rode the golf cart. He like, He needs to just move his fence. It's, no, it's, It is not his fence. It's the guy's fence. But that's, I Know, that's what I'm saying. I'm saying the guy needs to go move his gate. Move It back. Yeah. That's a lot though. You Gotta pull. I know, but if they, if they wanna get petty and move boulders, they'll, Dude, there's more boulders to Be had. I know. They'll move boulders again. They'll do a boulder wall. It'd be the great wall of China. They would do And. they, neither of 'em have anything to do, so they're just dying. Like my one uncle just screens dirt all the time. He just digs dirt, pours it through this little screen, and then just moves the rocks and like, makes top soil for himself. My dad is, he works and he's like, he bought this, he has two big come up right now. He got this on a demo job. He found a 120 inch deck.


Mind you, a scag is 60. Those like commercial mowers are 61 to 63 inches. This thing's 120 inches. Yeah. So he has this deck, dude, it, it's, he sits, it's, he's this high up on it. And dude, it's fucking enormous And. he just rides it and mows like the lower field. And then just drives around a golf cart and looks for a fox. There's like two, two or three foxes. That's, That's a good deck. It is Pretty sick, dude. So he goes, he feeds the turtles in the pond, throws bread to them. There's like geese there, and then he just goes around and tries to find the fox at dusk. It's so funny. Is he gonna kill the fox? No. No. The fox, he, He just wants to take a look at it. He's just trying to see it in action because the fox is killing the chickens. There's the fox. That's a problem. But there's like three of them And.


he also, he's killed a lot of the geese too. There's only out of like a, He's killing the geese. Oh, the fox. Fox. Yeah. The fox is brutal. Mr. Bushy tail, What's his name? Mr. Bushy tail. The fox is going around killing dude. It's the funniest thing. It's just him looking at his rocks being like, this fucking guy thinks he can drive dirt pegs. Oh shit. There's a foxhole. There's Mr. There's Mr. Bushy tail And. he goes, Oh shit, Mr. Bushy tail's sleeping. You gotta come outta dusk and you can see him. So I didn't get to see Mr. Bushy town. I'm kind of pissed about it. But I did see three rabbits on the golf cart. Four deer. That's good. Four deer. Three Rabbits. Four deer. Three rabbits. It's pretty good. That's a day. And I saw the, the stonewall. Yeah. It was pretty Tight. Stonewall is awesome. I It's nice to go home. I wanted to build it up. So nice to go home. It's, dude, it's so fun. I had, for real, I had such a blast going home.


And, he just, it's nothing but construction stories. Yeah. He found a Mercedes. He got it for a thousand bucks. He goes, I got it for a fucking thousand dollars, dude. He's like, the guy wanted to get rid of it. I thought his boy Glen fixes everything. He's like, put a roof on this thing's. A 3,500 bucks. I did it for $400. And. he just drives around. It's no reason. He just, I got antique tags, says you only gotta pay for 'em once for the rest of their life and you only gotta do it ever again. He's putting antique tags on all of his cars. If it's 20 years old, it's a antique. So all he, he is like a work truck that has a giant diesel tank. He goes, I'm getting antique tags on that thing. Why Dude? He's like, I think that's a nice little truck. I bought off your Uncle And. he retired. I said, let me get that thing. Glen's fi. Glenn put a new fucking transmission on it.


He's just restoring All this. What do you do when he is telling you these stories? I just, I hear him before You go. Oh, nice. I go a thousand bucks. God damn, man. What the Fuck. Yeah. That's Nice. Oh, it's the best. I gotta talk to Glen I. Just gas him up, bro. Yeah. I'm like, God damn bro. A thousand bucks. That's great. How much did they cost? 35. Shit. That's good. Dude. He's the king of deals. He'll buy, he, he will buy like patio furniture All, wait, is he, who is this? My dad And Wait, was he the one that had ashkenazis? Oh, the 23 and me. No, he, he, they told their brother. They did. Oh, they lied to him. They got, they all got their 23 and me And. they told their uncle, their, his brother to fuck with him that they were Jewish. He's like, I ain't fucking Jewish. I don't have that shit. Blood And.


they said he was gonna get a blood transfusion. I'll go get my blood drawn. I don't get that shit. Me. Yeah. They fuck with them telling me like, yeah, we're Jewish. She's like, she's like, that ain't fucking Jewish. I'll go get my blood drawn. He's just gonna get new blood. Yeah. It was very fun. But yeah, he's, he's on top of it right now, dude. He is killing it. All kinds of deal. All kinds of deals. His, his buddy got this like weird patio Furniture. He's still working. Dad's still working. Yeah, He's still works. He's never, he said he is never gonna retire. Yeah. If he retires, it's on. Nah, He can't retire there.


There's, he's gonna be going crazy at that house. The deals are gonna be outta control. The deals will be nuts. The deals gonna be Nuts. He's gotta keep the rill coming so he can, the Backyards gonna be filled with cars. Dude, it's fucking, There's, I've bet I've seen there's lot of machine. The time I've been there. There's a lot of shit. Yeah. He's got a lot of shit. He's got a lot of machines and there's a lot of Land back there. I know. If he get, if he retires it's deal time. You guys are gonna have a scrap yard for sure. He'll just turn into a scrap yard. Yeah, it'll be a scrap Yard. Yeah. No, he What, the Fuck was his other deal. I think it's, no, I think it's just that he got, he got the Benz, he got the like 1992 Mercedes. It's the exact car Tupac got shot in. Fuck yeah. It is the exact time. Yeah. Yeah. Some old, like, weird Russian guy was like, Do, You, Know. Tupac was shot in this car.


Right. And dad was like, I didn't know that. Yeah, he's chilling pretty hard right now. Oh. And flashlights, he's very, he's into high lumens. He's in, we about To see, we have 50 flash. Dads love flashlights. We have 50 flashlights Like nasa. None Of them have batteries. I know. They're all out of batteries. We went to see fireworks with my sister. We had to like go to her house and cut through this field, like, almost like through the woods. Then it took you to like a grade school where they did fireworks and she, he had like left her with this like, like battery powered work light. He's like, yeah, in the dark when you're coming home, just flip this on, dude. We turn it on. It was like et level.


It was crazy. Dude. Just illuminated in the woods. They almost get me. I'm answering. I'm, I'm, bro. Eventually we all become flashlight, man. I was, I was. I've been watching the Instagram has one that's like the world's most powerful flashlight. Yeah. Dude. I'm getting ads for They're nice. It is fucking sick. I had to walk their dog and, but I had, He was like, here, use this one. He said, this is your mother's flashlight. Turn on just area 51. Dude. They hit, they hit the dads with like, I was in the Special forces. These are special force grade flashlights. These are special forces sunglasses. They fucking kill these guys. I know, dude. That's 24,000 lumens. Yeah. It was fun going home. It is very fun. It's nothing but golf.


Cart rides. Golf carts are the best Hotel deals. Oh, the patio furniture's the best. His boy hooks him up with his patio furniture. That's like teal blue, like it looks like it's from like a retirement home in Miami. It looks crazy. Yeah. He's like, dude, that was 200 bucks. That shit goes for 1200 And. he just has to get it. Yeah. Just sitting there and nobody uses it. And, he, he will like, be like, he'll like bother bothers my brother Tom. He's like, you're gonna get some of this furniture. Tom's no, I don't want it. He's like, What the Fuck. Are you doing man? Yeah. Grab a Bench. Are you a loser? He's like, I don't want to get a bench six or $1,800. Just like baby blue. It's like a baby blue bench made outta fucking like Marine. Is he selling any of his deals? Nah. No. He'll give, he gives 'em away. He's got 55 bicycles in his basement.


He got, he got into collecting. Dad has 55 bicycles. He's got 55 bicycles. He got into collecting old school bikes. He's 55 bicycles. 55 scoots. 55 5. He gets, he got, he buys like the rally, like 1950s bikes. Like those four bikes. The exact bikes the Beatles were on where they did that one cover. That dude, he loves musical And. he does, he does musical fucking And. he fixes 'em up. And. he And. he gives 'em away to people. Hold Tupac died in that car. Beatles rode that. That's a 1947 Grimer. He was like, that's a 1947 grimer. Does He fix the bikes up or just sitting? He fixes 'em, restores 'em. Awesome. And. they just chilled out. Sell These bikes. And. he has no interest. He just, he just find he'll like find em in in trash. Trash or like, where'd you get those?


He's like, I went into a shop where a guy had 'em. I bought 'em all off him and I fixed them off. He's like, I put $800 in this bicycle. Dude, he loves it. He used to, when he was a little kid, his first thing he ever did was he had a bike bicycle repair thing. He used to repair people's bicycles for money. But yeah, I got the full download. Dude, the bikes are at 55. Who's gonna inherit the bikes? That's his favorite thing. That's, that's his favorite thing to do too. He gets to tell everybody what they get of his when he dies. Yeah. He goes, you can have all my guns. He told somebody recently, they can have his bikes. Who's getting the bikes? He maybe my, he told one of, I think maybe Meyer told somebody, he goes, you can have all my bikes when I die. Oh, my mom goes, Kevin, damn.


Stop it. You're little kid. And someone's like, I'm gonna give you 55 bikes. You, but I can't wait for grandpa to fucking die. 55 bikes from, I'd be telling everybody until like fifth grade. I'd be tell I'd every day I'd be like my grandpa. I'm gonna inherit 55 bicycles. Yeah. You better be nice to me because I have, If you're nice to me, you're talking to somebody who's about to own 55 bicycles. Not just that crushing sweets. He just crushes. Sweetss thinks about deals, talks about punks. Anyone who's being a fucking punk, he will tell you about him 45 times. He'll be like, he's, he's a fucking Creep. Who's being a punk? He's a fuck that fucking Asshole. That guy is being a punk.


Being A fucking punk creep and a punk. He's a fucking creep. He's a fucking creep. That's what she calls people creeps and punks, snot nose punks and creeps. If you're old, you if you're old, you're a creep. If you're young, youre a punk. He's a fucking punk. But yeah. Huh. What are you Getting? What am I getting? Yeah, What's giving You, I don't know. We'll see. Just years of nurturance and guidance. You are gonna need a golf cart. I'm getting a golf cart, bro. You need a golf cart for your neighborhood. I'm gonna start riding a golf cart here. Yeah. For the podcast. That's a lot. No, dude. I could do it on a bird scooter. You can do it on a golf cart. You're gonna ride from your house to my house on a golf cart.


Yeah. You can get, you can get a golf cart and put solar panels on top and it just charges the battery. No, I'm not worried about how you're gonna charge it. Yeah. It might be a little, well, I can definitely do. That's There's some treacherous parts there. Yeah. I'd be going aport bull. Yeah. Yeah. That might be a little tricky. I could figure it out. I could figure out a good little good little ride. I could, the bird scooter would be easy. That'd be a piece of cake. But I don't wanna leave. I don't wanna leave the bird scoots in front of your house. Yeah. Jackass Punk. That's a snot nose punk dude. I got home, there was a scooter in our front yard. I was like, dude, they're never gonna collect this. I know. And He was like, they are, it sat there for three days. Then I drove, I was coming home.


I saw it at the corner of our block. I was like, I know that with you. Did you leave? Yeah, That's, I do that And it sat there for fucking three weeks. Do they recharge? How do, do they recharge in the sun? Yeah, because I'll ride one to red and then I I, they Had a solar thing on it. I'll leave it in front of my house and it's green again. No, I Think a guy like comes and changes the battery out. There's no chance. I don't think so, man. Yeah, there's Just definitely a guy who comes and goes And you think there's like a lime scooter ferry. He comes at night. I think there's, I think they got some solar action going on. I think they have solar action Because I'm pretty, I'm pretty attuned to the people coming around in front of my house and stuff and I haven't seen a single person come out and like change one of those bats. I think they, they'll eventually come pick it up and take it out there.


There's no way they change a battery and I, It is, I don't think they do either, dude. There's no, I think it's, I think it's solar power because I'll ride that thing down to the bone and like the next afternoon it's just, yeah, ready to roll. I'll, on a bad week, I'll have like three of them in front of my house just from like, I'll take it, the battery will die. Go down and get another one. Drop it off and then you start doing, you start leaving 'em like down the street from me. You're like, I'll leave it here. Yeah. That ride back from the, from doing a show at a comedy club and just when I'm finally on my street and it goes as fast as I can and skid out in front of my house. It's the best. What's that? I'm sure they charge the batteries in the city like a la Mere says they have juicers that come and Well, Google says they have juicers. That's what they're called. And. they change the batteries out on the scooters Though.


Do they have, ask if they have solar power. 'cause I'm pretty sure those scooters have a solar cell. No, that's what I Asked. Really? Wow. That's our alarm scooter. Solar powered. So someone's sneaking out and juicing my scooter up from them. Yeah. That's fucked up. Getting it all juicy for me. Yeah, You got it. Juicy. I'll be honest, when I come out the next day and I see there's four green squares, I'm like, okay, here we go. Yeah. I thought the sun was doing it. That's my bad. I'm like a fucking cave man. The sun. The sun gives us power. It's trapped In the sun. The golf cart's coming. I need to get a golf cart. You need a golf cart. Golf carts are the best. Yeah, So it Up a little golf cart's. The number one. Maybe even a little gator.


That's too powerful. True gator you could get here. Yeah, True gator. You'd be flying, dude. Maybe I do need a gator. It'd be nice. You definitely don't need a fucking gator in your neighborhood. I need a fucking gator dude. Now you don't. There'd be a write off. You need a nice, I needed to get to work. You Need a golf cart? Just a golf cart. I need, I need to get like a capta, like a mini, like I might get like a little skidsteer. I dunno what those are. What's That? They're like those little like bulldozer things, but they're real small. They're Like the little ones like Raise The bucket. I'm trying to think. I just gotta get here, dude. I need to get something to get over here. Yeah. CRVs not getting it done. CRV is not, dude. I think it's gonna last forever. CRVs definitely last forever.


That thing's gonna be an antique. True. I can put the antique tax. You are gonna get antique. Yeah. Hey man. 20 years when you gotta, you only pay once and then you're done. Well hot damn bro. Hot diggity dog. Never Forget. Damn. When will I see you again? I'll be out. I'm gonna come out in Philly. All right. Just let me know when you have, I'll be back here too. Lemme, when You have downtime, I'll just fly on out. I'll Be back here too. Maybe I, I do need to Gator. If I'm gonna get to Philadelphia, let's the Gator. You might have the gator the whole way. Boogy down on the Gator. Seven days Gator in Right off all my meals on The way. First night you're like, ah, dammit. I thought the sun was gonna charge this fucking thing. I'm stuck in Oklahoma. I need a juicer instead.


A fucking juicer. But yeah, I'll, I'm gonna just, it'll be actually kind of nice pop up the Philadelphia way. My god, I'm staying right. I should be staying right next to Helium too. That's perfect. I already have one secret show planned. Ooh Sunday. Me and Danny Sodis. Oh, That'll Be awesome. There's gonna be some good shows. That be awesome. Excited to do that. Are you doing them every week? I'm gonna try to do, yeah. That'll be weekly. Weekly shows at Helium Comedy Club. That'll be really sick. Other than that, I don't know. Just hitting the writer's room. They've been, I waited a week. They're in there already. Really? Yeah. How are you getting daily? It sounds good. Yeah. You get daily reports? Yeah, yeah. Yeah.


The show. I'm excited to get started on season two. Dude, that's gonna be awesome. Yeah. Now you have like a proper, but you're not doing it in like two weeks. Yeah. Not just making John and Steve do everything by themselves. You are not doing the most stressful. I don't know how they, I don't know how they do it. I have no idea how John does that. I Had to be paralyzed within decision. Yeah. Like we have the, we have to film tomorrow. He's like, all right, I'll come up with the show tonight. Yeah. That's insane. Then I'll edit it. He's crazy. That's gonna be sick. I'm like, I'm very excited for that. Yeah. Now when's the, when's the, when's the release? When's the target released at? I don't know. It'll probably be, if I had to guess, total guess.


Probably the spring. Oh, that's fucking Fast. Oh really? Yeah. That's Very fast. Yeah. Well, God damn We'll film in the fall probably. It's gonna affect my college football. Fuck. Yeah. True. But. It'll Be nice though, to have Saturdays. It'll be off. It'd be nice to have a little, yeah. TV action or a little phone action. My uncle was watching Sports store in somebody's wedding recently. He had the phone on the pew. You must, yeah. You go. Oh shit. Regular season baseball. Yeah. It's a double header today against the Cubs. I gotta watch this. This is the only time I can wear this jersey is on this podcast. Why? This is what they gave me when I did the first pitch. So it has my name on the back. It's fucking sick. There's my name on the back.


Yeah. Can't wear that in public. Why not? Can't wear a customized jersey with your own name on it. Yes, you can. It was Gives a gift by the Philadelphia Phillies. I know. Then. Then I have to tell them. I say, actually, yeah, actually the Philadelphia Phillies gave me this jersey. No, I didn't buy it online. This is authentic and it says Shane Gillis on the back. So sorry. Yeah. You're checking out somewhere. You're like, this actually was, I wore it to the grocery store the other day and I realized I looked like a dumbass. The kid came up and was like, oh, I just listening to you. What's up? I didn't know it was you until I saw you were wearing your jersey. I was like, shit, it's a cool jersey. I like the jersey. I saw a lot of bros in the airport. Dude that was in The airport. Yeah. I was just meeting a lot of bros in the airport. The Bros will get you in the airport. It was pretty, It was pretty fun.


Yeah. The bros are Hanging out. Big time dude. Family time too. Did they Hit you with not gay? Can I get a picture? They'll, they'll be like, I don't want to be that guy. Yeah. Like yeah. I hear that a lot. Like, yeah, Bro, I'm not, bro, I'm not gay. Can I get a picture? I'm not gay Guys' got A picture. Yeah. It's Just, yeah, you always, dude, I, dude, You're not gay. It's allowed. You're Not at all. If anything, I'm gay. If anything, I'm the gay one. I am. Yeah. I go, I do that to this. I'm start doing this thing Chris Brown does, where the only time I take a picture, I have my hand on the fucking cup of booty at the Bowie. Dude. It is do it a meet and greet after the show. That's what I'm saying. Grind on all of them. I'm gonna, I'm just gonna grab like a mechanic's ass and fucking, his show's very sexual.


You know that? Yeah. He's making a big comeback right now. Yeah. He is grinding on people's girlfriends and wives. Yeah. Someone, someone hit Brittany up. I'm not gonna say who, but someone related to her He was like, You should go to the Chris Brown show. Forbidden. Yeah. I was like, Brittany's like I don't, Brittany's like, I'm not even a big fan of that, and I was like, don't go to that. Yeah, You don't need to go to that. You don't want go to that movie, man. Remember what he did? Yeah, true. What if that's a final act? He just pumble a woman. Pums what? Somebody's wife. He reenact the infamous car scene. All right. Hell yeah. God bless.