
This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney presenting Young Woman and the Sea, an incredible true story from producer Jerry Bruckheimer and starring Daisy Ridley. Now streaming on Disney plus


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terri Gross. My guest, David Leach is a former stunt man who directed the new film, the Fall Guy, about a stunt man who ends up having to execute spectacular stunts in his real life in order to save the film he is working on, regain the love of the woman who's directing it and save his life. Inspired by the eighties TV series, the Fall Guy Leeches New film is a blend of action, film, and romcom starring Ryan Gosling as the stuntman and Emily Blunt as the camera operator turned director. The film is a tribute to stuntman and the risks they take in spite of their lack of recognition. It's the actors the stuntman double for who win the awards and the fans love.


In the full guy Gosling's character is the stunt double for the biggest action star on the planet, who also has one of the biggest egos. The opening scene of the Fall guy is a series of clips from action sequences in which the stunts include tumbling down a rocky cliff riding a motorcycle over the roofs of several cars, each car a distance from the next, getting thrown through a bus window, running through a battlefield surrounded by explosions and getting blown off the ground. While we watch that, we hear this voiceover narration by Ryan Gosling's character. You'll hear lots of motors, explosions, gunfire, and shattering glass ass.


They're in almost every movie. You just don't know that they're there because that's the job. They're the unknown stunt performers and they get paid to do the cool stuff. They also get paid to take it on the chin and everywhere else, if you know what I mean. Oh, that's, that's me. Colt Seavers getting blown up and hide my face in a muddy puddle, which isn't ideal when you're trying to look cool in front of Jodi, who you just so happen to have a major crush on.


She's a camera operator. She's definitely gonna achieve her goal of being a big time Hollywood movie director. It's rare for a stunt man to become as successful. Behind the camera as David Leach, he directed Bullet Train Fast and Furious, presents Hobbes and Shaw, Deadpool two Atomic Blonde, and was an uncredited co-director of the first John Wick movie as a stunt man. His breakthrough was on Fight Club as a stunt double for Brad Pitt, who we worked with on several subsequent films, including Troy, Mr. And Mrs. Smith and Oceans 11. He doubled for Agent Smith and two Matrix sequels Leach did stunts for Matt Damon in the Bourne Ultimatum.


He's also been an action coordinator and stunt coordinator. Leach is credited as being at the forefront of a new generation that's credited with making martial arts sequences more realistic. David Leach, welcome to Fresh Air. I really enjoyed the new film and your Thank you. Your working career is pretty amazing. Do stent doubles have a code kind of like magicians do not to reveal certain trade secrets and did that limit what you could reveal in the film? Can I just start by saying thank you for having me. Like I'm a huge fan and I'm very excited to be here. Well back at you, you I'm a fan, so, But yeah, it, it is a little bit like magic, you know, I think we're always reinterpreting the classic gags and the classic tricks and so, you know, that's what we did with Fall Guy.


We sort of reimagined the big car jump. We reimagined the high fall from the helicopter and there is a little secrecy, I think, you know, part of it for years because it was such a business where it was passed down, it's apprenticeships, it's passed down from family usually to kids and it's hard to crack in and and find someone to teach you because they didn't wanna share the knowledge so much, you know, because it didn't, again, like it can be a really fun and lucrative business and you wanna share it with the people you wanna share it with. I think in Fall Guy we tried to pull the veil back just enough and not give too much away.


You know, you see those fire stunts, we didn't really give the science behind that away. And there is a, you know, that's what's really amazing about stunts. I think people think it's a bunch of daredevils and, and there's a little bit of that sensibility in stunt performers, but really there's a lot of physics and math and legacy tricks that, you know, get you through the day. The first stunt that Ryan Gosling does on the film is jumping from alleged 12 stories high and we see him wearing a harness, a stuntman dew in scenes like that and the harness will eventually be erased in post-production. When you do a stunt like that, and I'm sure you've done lots of those high falls, do you like say a prayer or meditate in the moments right before you jump?


Like what, what, what goes through your mind and how do you like center yourself and prepare yourself? You know, I had many conversations on the set of fall guy with Ryan about that because you, you're standing on the ledge and ultimately a lot of stunt work is trusting your team. Now we had an incredible, what we call rigging team on the fall guy Kiir Beck is an Australian stunt performer and I've known him since the matrix years. He's now become one of the legendary stunt riggers in the business. And you, you know, you're, you're hooked up to this machine and you're trusting the physics of it and you've rehearsed it and you've seen the weight bags go down and up. But again, you're stepping off the ledge and you have to, you know, have this ability to calm your nerves, trust in the process, have the confidence that, you know, we've tested this over and over and it's gonna go great.


And so you do find a little bit of a meditative state and really just focusing on performance. That's how I do it. It's not unlike an athlete, you know, at the starting line you really have to focus on the first step and then your body takes over and I think you wait, you hear that cue action and you go, Which made you more nervous doing stunts like that yourself or feeling responsible for Ryan Gosling safety when he did the stunts? See Terry, I knew you were gonna ask these hard questions. No, I think absolutely as a stunt performer, when you move into being a stunt coordinator it's harder because you have your friends that are doing the stunts and you're designing them and you're, you know, you are re You are responsible for their safety and so yeah, it's harder to see of someone else do it than it is yourself, you know?


And especially with my experience of them doing them so long, it's easier for me to do it and feel comfortable than to watch somebody else. Sometimes Your heart goes through your chest, so Apparently Ryan Gosling is afraid of heights. So there's a scene where he does the 12 story high jump. Yes. But also there's a scene with a helicopter falling from the helicopter. So how it's kind of cruel to put somebody with fear of heights in stunts like that. Like how did you both work that out? Well, to, To be fair, he didn't necessarily bring it up when we were working on the script together. Like he had a crippling fear of heights and I think, And so you didn't know that.


I didn't know it until we were now having this negotiation about the first stunt. And we had been designing it and rehearsing it, you know, that the, I went that cure back that that stunt rig we had actually simulated the high fall in a parking lot. We had a construction crane, we had built the same rig that we were gonna be flying inside of that building and we were rehearsing it at different heights and we had the winches that lower you at sort of free fall speed set up and I'm like, oh, we're gonna bring Ryan off for rehearsal. And it was that first day when we brought him off for rehearsal. He sort of confides in me, he's like, you know, I have a crippling fear of heights. And I'm like, Now you're telling me, Yeah, now okay.


And he's like, I'm sure there's a green screen version of this, right? There's absolutely. And I'm like, there is, but why don't we just take you up 10 feet and then 20 feet and then you can kind of feel how the rig works and, and sort of, you know, build the truss in the system. And then ultimately after that first day of rehearsal, he said, you know, I am playing a Stu performer and I know we want to celebrate the real stu performers doing it in this movie, but I also think I need to do this. So I understand the character and it's like, we're opening the movie, I'm gonna do it. I'm in One stunt, I think made it into the Guinness Book of Records. It was a car roll where the car overturned and rolled eight and a half times.


Yes. And I think Logan Holiday was the Yep. Stuntman. So did you know that he would go for eight and a half roles? Was that the plan or were you shocked when that happened? Well we had hoped for it so early on in production when we were working on the script, you know, I thought like if we're gonna do the celebration of the stunt performer, it would be great if we sort of had aspirations to maybe set a record or do something that was like, hadn't been done before. And so I wrote in the script, you know, and Colt Seavers sets a world record for the number of cannon rolls. And that was kind of a little bit of like a tongue in cheek, like, if we set the world record, fine if we don't.


But the stunt team took it to heart and they were like, how do we do this? Let, let's do it. I'm like, okay, go for it. And so I have a long time collaborator and someone who I started in the business with as a stunt man way back in the day, Chris O'Hara, he was my stunt coordinator, second unit director on this film. And he took it upon himself like, we're gonna break the world record. So we got with special effects who were gonna build the cannon inside the car and and build the safety cage we got with picture cars to find the right car that the physics would work, we felt, and we went down the path of r ding, how to beat seven roles, which was Casino Royale, you know, several years ago.


And it took a couple takes, you know, take one was a really great crash and in any other movie you would say that was epic. You know, the car flipped in a different way and like it kind of went end over end and it created the kind of carnage that you wanted for the film and it, it really would've worked. Narratively and I, I actually told the guys like, we can walk away now, but they were really excited about setting the record and we'd had prepped for another car and so we waited till the next day when the conditions were a little bit better. Anyway, the next morning we had closer to when the tide came in we had firm sand and we flipped the car and it went eight and a half rolls and every, you know, the crew went nuts because the stunt team had worked so hard on it, you know, they had spent three months, I'm saying r and ding that and you know, figuring out the physics of it all.


Can you explain in layman's language how you roll over a car, make it flip and keep rolling over Again? It's physics. So he's going, let's say 80 miles an hour. He slides the car at a 90 degree angle and the cannon is actually placed in the PA where the passenger seat is. And there's a pole that gets Shoved into the, and explain what a cannon is. A cannon is, it's a pneumatic press, so it's got a lot of compressed air that's sitting in the trunk of the car and it shoves a metal pole into the ground that's in a cylinder that's into the ground. And that basically stops the car and it's tracks and flips it to where the, where the car is.


It's like a light of cata catapult. Okay. So as the car slides and he hits the button for that cannon and the pole gets shoved into the ground, the car flips, but it still has the speed, the directional speed of the 80 miles an hour. So now it's flipping and traveling 80 miles an hour. And you know, they were hoping that obviously it would be barrel rolling, but yeah, it's like a catapult inside your car that you, you press the button and it stops you in your tracks and flips it So the car doesn't survive but the driver has to. Yeah. How does the driver stay alive? So inside the car we build a cage and the cage is built with steel pipe and welding and it's designed to create just a box that protects the driver and then the driver is in a, what we call suspension harness.


So they're saving their back. So they're really almost a suspended above the seat and there's bungee system that's allowing them to take the shock and then they're in a harness that's neck restraints. And there's a lot of things that's just built in to protect the driver that, I'm not gonna say it's foolproof, but that protection of the driver just gets better and better every year with more innovation and and and more stuff that's coming from the racing world. And yeah, and there's just a, a legacy of that stunt and information and how it's done that gets passed down generation to generation. You mentioned you've been in unintentional car crashes while doing stunts.


Can you tell us about one of them? I was doubling Brad Pitt on the Mexican and I'd just gotten the call, I was actually working in Vancouver doubling for Jean Claude Von Dam and I got the call to do this movie The Mexican, and I actually told Jean Claude, I have to leave, gonna go double Brad Pitt. He wasn't necessarily excited or happy about that, but I didn't want to lose the opportunity 'cause it was, I had just done fight club and I was, you know, excited to sort of build this relationship with that actor. 'cause as a stunt performer, you, you hope that you get to double an actor and you get to do multiple films with them and like you build a career that way. So I fly down to Mexico, we're shooting in this really small town, real detorse, it's like one road in, one road out.


And I get there and that morning like I wake up and they're like, we gotta get you to set right away. We have this car thing we want you to do. And really simple actually they had in the middle of the desert, they'd poured a blacktop intersection to make it look like an intersection and they were kind of doing a top shot over the streetlight. All I had to do was take the El Camino and drive it through the intersection fast. So I back up about 200 feet and I remember the stunt coordinator giving me the thumbs up and it's like, action, action. And I drive the car and the speedometer doesn't work in the El Camino. I mean we have these old cars, you dress them up on the outside to film them, but sometimes they're not in the best condition.


Otherwise I'm getting close to the intersection and I can hear the engine changing gears, but I'm not really thinking about it 'cause I'm so excited, like I'm doubling Brad Pitt, this is amazing. Like my career's on the rise, this is gonna be awesome. And I hit the intersection and where the black top, they had poured the black top, there was a bump and I launch and I launch up a couple feet and I hit the, I hit the pavement and my suspension loosens up and I'm starting to drift and I'm like, oh god. And I can see the stunt coordinator on one side like, you know, what are you doing? He's putting his hands up in the air and I'm kind of heading towards video village where everyone is filming it and I'm like drifting there and everything's now slowed down in time.


So I just cranked the wheel the other way and I started drifting towards the other El Camino, the backup El Camino and ili. I hit it, you know, I t-boned the other El Camino, but I saved video village and I'm just sitting in the car and I'm basically destroyed both cars in one morning. It was not my greatest day on set. Were you hurt? No, I wasn't. I'd scrubbed off enough speed where I was fine pride. And they let you keep working on the film? Pride was For a couple days until they decided, you know, maybe you should go home.


Really. So how did you keep working with Brad Pitt after that Disastrous beginning? It was, I think he, he found it endearing and you know, I think everybody knows that when you're working on a set, there is a bandwidth for things to go wrong. But long and short he, I think he just found it funny and endearing and he, he knew that, you know, maybe cars weren't my specialty and that fights were, and so I got called for Troy pretty quickly after and he's like, we got a great fight movie. You don't have to drive a car, you know, can you come to London and prep? There's a line in your film in which Ryan Gosling says, it all hurts getting thrown out of a window, getting set on fire.


It all hurts. So what is like the typical kind of pain that a stuntman experiences when they're not like injured Exactly, but it's just like this standard pain of doing that stunt. I have a lot of experience with that. You know, you talked about specialties and like, you know, the car stunts and cars and fire and things like that. They actually hurt less sometimes I think because you know, you've built in all these protocols to protect the performer and there's a lot of science involved, but the, the, the meat and potatoes of stunt performing is just physical performance.


And sometimes it's like, you know, getting thrown down a set of stairs and you know, multiple takes and you know how to protect yourself and you know, you know, you know you're not gonna break anything but you're gonna get a lot of bumps and bruises and twisted ankles and crooked necks and it, and, but that's just something that you accept. And so having been a fight guy, that was sort of my life. Like you're doing fight scenes, you're getting, you know, whiplash from doing reactions and you're smashing through breakaway tables or you're, you know, getting thrown out a window and like you just, part of it is like the ability to be a little bit tough and have some pain tolerance and know that you're okay that they're just bruises.


But you know, you get back up. Okay so you're in a little bit of pain and then the director says, let's do another take. How do you feel when that happens? Working as a stunt? Man You hate it but you, you know, you're stoic about it and it is sort of the contract that you sign in the sense of like the unwritten contract that you sign. Like if you can get up you should be going again. And the, you know, and the, the stunt coordinator expects you to do that too because he's hired you and he doesn't want you to not make him look good in front of the director. I think for myself now being in the director chair, I have a lot more appreciation for, you know, the performers and it's really like if we get it on one take, why not, you know, check the gate.


Like why are we doing it again? You know, there is a, there's a great story from Fight Club, you know, and this is not to, you know, throw David Fincher under the bus who's like one of my mentors who I love. But we did that stair fall 12 times. 12, 12 takes and I think the stunt double for Edward Norton was in boxer shorts and you know, we had figured out a way to pad the stairs and pa you know, the art department had faux painted, it looked like concrete, there were some safety things but it's still launching yourself down a set of stairs and it's like, I don't wanna ask him to this day like, David, which one did you use?


And he is like, oh, take two. So that's 10 takes that were not necessary. Yeah, Yeah. Like what were you looking for? And again, like I just know as a stunt performer, like if it looks like a wreck and it was really compelling and painful and it, you got it on film, why are we going again? Like, you know, it's only gonna get, you know, the stunt performer only gets more cautious and tries to protect themselves even more. I mean it's just instinct at that point. Well let's take another short break here if you're just joining us. My guest is former stunt man David Leach who now produces and directs films. His latest is The Fall Guy starring Ryan Gosling as a stunt man. We'll be right back after a short break.


I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with just one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R-L y.com/podcast.


Easier said done.


New from the embedded podcast. Female athletes have always needed grit and talent, but for decades they've also needed a certificate. There was Chitchat about is that really a woman? And even now they're still being checked and questioned. Their story is the newest series from CBC and NPRs embedded, it's called Tested. Listen wherever you get your podcasts,


If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But our podcast, the Indicator from Planet Money, We're a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the day And about the forces that affect your life In 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from Planet Money from NPR


This is Fresh Air's, Anne-Marie Baldonado, if you're already a Fresh Air plus supporter. You may have heard Terry talking about the first daily national broadcast of the show in 1987. It was still like making a national debut both to the audience and to program directors. 'cause we weren't on that many stations to start with Dave Davies talking about his job driving a cab. This is a fascinating city of many diverse neighborhoods and it was fun to just tool around in a cab all day. Or Archival interviews with people like Arthur Miller, Nina Simone and Audrey Hepburn. Timing, you can't rehearse. It's an instinct, Especially Comedy.


I mean that's what made Carrie unique. That's why there haven't been a whole lot of Carrie Grants. Are you not a Fresh Air plus supporter yet? You could be subscribe on plus.npr.org or on Apple podcasts. You were part of a new generation of stunt performers when you started working and one of the things that you're accredited for bringing more reality to fight sequences, particularly martial arts fight sequences. You, you studied martial arts when you were like college age or just after? Yeah. So what were some of the most unreal things that you didn't want to include in the fight scenes that you were part of and how, what did you wanna include?


Hmm. It's less about making them more grounded in, in my opinion, I think it was more about bringing, figuring out a way to bring that martial arts feeling and integrated into Hollywood cinema. Like I think for a long time, you know, I was a fan of like a, a lot of different Asian cinema, Korean and you know, Chinese Japanese cinema that had martial arts in the league characters. Everyone just knew how to fight and they could fight with a martial arts style and whether it was a police drama or a heightened sci-fi thing, every character knew how to fight. And it wasn't until the Matrix movies where the Wachowskis had sort of like, hey we want to have that same vibe in western cinema.


And I think after that first matrix film hit the ground where you saw Keanu and Lawrence Fishburne fight in this dojo and there was the actors doing the fighting. I mean that had not happened to that level in western cinema before that really. So it was like a light went off for myself and you know, a core group of us who were sort of training together at the time, Chad Stahel who co John Wick with me, we decided like we want to take that model and apply it to all the films that we're working on. Like we want to train the actors to do the fights and we want to bring martial arts to any sort of genre.


It makes sense. Like these characters know how to fight instead of like, it's just a messy, sloppy, dramatic thing. It's like there will be an a level of skill with these characters. And so we started to take that opportunity with a lot of different films and we were sort of up and coming stunt coordinators. We were really specializing in fight choreography and we did something that we learned from that Hong Kong team on the Matrix films. We would shoot and edit our own fight scenes to present to the directors and the producers. And through that we built a name for ourself and we also learned how to tell stories and we also learned how to direct, you know, technically direct.


We were shooting and editing these sequences and presenting them as like sort of finished ideas like moving storyboards. and now it's something that is like standard. There are jokes on the film about how the stunt double isn't allowed to show their face. 'cause you're not supposed to be thinking, oh that's a stunt double. You're supposed to be thinking it's the film's leading man or, or whoever the actor is that the stunt double is doubling for. And the audience needs to keep thinking it's the character not somebody else stepping in to play that character, you know? Yeah. So there's jokes about you not allowed to show your face, your face has to be down.


What was that like for you as a stunt man? Making sure that your face wasn't going to be seen, you're gonna be in awkward physical positions as it is. There's so much to focus on to keep yourself safe and to keep the stunt going in the way the stunt is supposed to go. And to add to that, don't show your face. Well you do, you know, it was part of, it was definitely part of the, the old school mentality. It's like you, you learned how to, you know, hit a mini trampoline and jump in the air and like keep your head away from camera and like you constantly, you know, it was a whole art form of like how to keep your head away from camera. Like I always try to give them the back of your head and you just got good at it and you thought about it and it was really sort of, you know, in the whole protocol of how you approached any physical stunt, it's like how am I gonna hide my face and make it feel natural?


Like my hand is up at this point just blocking my face now it's kind of changed in the last decade or so because the ease of face replacement allows you to just let the stump performer perform. And then, you know, if it's a few frames where we see a face, we can use a digital still and wrap it around their face. And with motion blur and simple visual effects you can, you know, mask the stunt performers profile or face or whatever. And it allows the performers more freedom in doing the action and not like trying to, you know, again, contort their body to hide their face. As a former stuntman and current director, do you worry at all at all that all the computer special effects and you know, CGI are going to make audiences or have already made audiences kind of numbed to all the risks that stunt performers actually take?


Because you can now assume that it's all done in post-production or most of it's done in post-production with a green screen. So you're not so worried as you might have been in the past about the risks and the technique and the art of stunt performers. I know that that's where the world is heading and I think that that's okay. You know, for me, as someone who enjoys action films, I feel the difference in the stakes of what's happening on the screen with the characters when I feel that it's real. And so I think there'll always be the want for that, I hope.


And especially with, for, you know, for action film lovers, but actually just really good storytelling like it, the visual effects and the CGI can't deliver the reality of really feeling the stakes behind it all then, you know, it's always going to fall flat. I would like you to give us a list of injuries that you sustained over the years as a stem performer. Well I have torn my meniscus in, in both knees. I have broke my ankle, I have broken my wrist in four places and it was pinned back together.


That's a crazy story. It was actually my first day on the Batman live show at Magic Mountain and I was just rehearsing. I had not even gotten in the ba Batman costume and I was so excited and I got hired for the job and you know, sometimes that's when it happens. We were rehearsing this simple stunt where the car is sliding under a catwalk and I had to jump off the car and grab the, the bar and the car drives away and then I would do a back flip and land down and I went to do my back flip and I under rotated and I put my hand down and like broke my wrist in four places. I had two concussions and I have knocked out my front tooth.


So that's pretty much comprehensive list of my injuries. Have you sent a lot of like the early westerns like movie and TV westerns where stunts included just like jumping from a rocky form formation onto a guy riding by in a horse or jumping onto a moving stage coach or you know, just tumbling down a hill, falling off a horse sword, fights in a lot of, you know, MGM kind of movies. Yeah. And I, I'm wondering what you think of about that looking with, with the state of the art now when you look back on those westerns or on the sword fight scenes, what do you think about? I love it. I mean, I think when, you know, I look again, I'm always looking at those movies when I'm prepping for a new film to find inspiration because it is sort of like, how do I reinvent the, the the gag and make it my own?


And you know, it's a magic, it's how do I reinvent the magic trick? How do I reinvent, reinvent this dance and make the choreography my own? You know, the swashbuckling pirate choreography would be a fun experiment. Like if I had a a pirate movie, I would go back and watch, you know, captain Blood and I would go back and watch Errol Flynn and watch all of that choreography and then, you know, take that, expand on it and, and make it my own. You look at the old westerns, like that's what Indiana Jones is, right? You know, the dragging under the, you know, dragging under the stage coach by which, which was Yaka Mauk who did that first stage coach gag.


And then it's, you know, Spielberg repurposed it and you know, Indiana Jones. And so I love going back, seeing what was done, finding ways to reinterpret it, you know, and you know, Jackie was the master of doing that too. Jackie Chan, you know, he really studied Buster Keaton, Harold Lloyd, Charlie Chaplin and he applied it for all his films from, you know, the late eight, the mid late eighties till today. You know, he's doing reinterpretations of a lot of their physical gags and, and, and a lot of times besting them. If you're just joining us, my guest is film director and former stuntman David Leach.


He produced and directed the new action comedy film, the Fall Guy about a stuntman played by Ryan Gosling. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air


On Wait, wait, we ask very well-known people about things that people don't know about them. Like what was Malala Yusuf sai doing when she heard she'd won the Nobel Peace Prize? I went to my physics class, I said I have to finish my school day because when you get the Nobel Peace Prize for education, you have to finish your school day. I'm Peter Zagel for the Real Secrets of the Rich and Famous. Listen to the wait, wait, don't Tell Me podcast from NPR


New, from the embedded podcast, elite female runners are being told they can't compete because of their biology. Not only can you not compete, you're not actually female. Hear about the a hundred year history of sex testing in women's sports and the hard choices these athletes are facing now. Listen to tested a new series from CBC and NPR R'S embedded podcast.


There's a new way to support this show end public media. Please consider signing up for the NPR plus podcast bundle. NPR plus listeners get to unlock sponsor free shows and bonus episodes. You can find out more@plus.npr.org and thanks


When you are just getting started and you weren't even getting started yet. You were hoping to get started. You Yeah, you, you had graduated college, I think you taught elementary school for a year, then went to LA and with some friends who were also aspiring stuntmen. You lived together in a house that was nicknamed Stunt House and it became kind of famous in the world of stuntmen and some directors because you had your out your backyard outfitted to practice stunts on. What did you have in the backyard? So we had rented this house and actually was a, I think a family was living in Florida or the landlord was living in Florida.


And I, I was, I actually moved into this house. There was a friend of mine, Tim Rigby I think, who actually had the lease. My friend was Brad Martin at the time and another friend of mine, Brad Simonson, who's now a visual effects producer. And what we did in the backyard, we had bought a trampoline, an Olympic-sized trampoline. And we were learning trampoline skills because it actually helps you for a couple reasons. One for High Falls, you know, when you're falling off of something you want to be able to, you know, understand air awareness and get your head under and fall to your back, you know, into the pads.


You always wanna get to your back. So your t trampoline allows you to train that, you know, that that skill and that instinct and constant repetition like you're doing, you're jumping up, you're doing a header we call it, where you're just like landing on your back and bouncing, landing on your back and bouncing and your body gets used to, you fall off of something, you get to your back. That's why trampoline is so crucial to the stuntman's training. So we had this in the backyard and, and we just decided, you know, why don't we dig it into the back? It would be great if we had like a flush with the ground. So one afternoon we just got the shovels out, we didn't ask the landlord and we dug a hole and sunk the trampoline into the ground.


And, and then later that month I think we bought cinder block and we made it perfect and we sort of really dressed it out. And it was funny that we stayed in the house for four years, three, four years and the landlord never said anything. And then we've always paid our rent on time and, and we would train at this house in Redondo Beach, we'd fall off the roof, we would use the air ram, we would bounce on the trampoline. It was just fun times. And it was really, really fun times training ourselves to be stunt people. When you moved from the house, did the landlord notice that there was a big ditch for the trampoline? It's funny that house stayed in sort of the stunt world for a long time.


So we didn't wanna remember when Chad came back from the Matrix movies, he just made, you know, some good money and he's like, I'm gonna buy the house. And we're like, what? You're gonna buy the house? And so he got someone in real estate, I think his brother was doing real estate at the time, and they reached out to the landlord and they made an offer on the house and then Chad ended up just to keep the trampoline. That's our mindset. Like we wanted the trampoline more than the house. He's like, I'm gonna buy the house. I had already moved out, I was renting from Chris O'Hara and living in a different place, but he's like, I'm gonna buy this. So then Chad bought that house and then he remodeled it over the years and then he moved out and he sold it to another stunt performer from our generation, Hank Amos.


And he kept the trampoline in the backyard. And I'm quite sure, I think it's still in the stunt community. I'm not sure who was bought in the house from Hank, but I think that house still exists and I think the trampoline is still in the backyard. Oh, that's so great. If you, if you hadn't become a director, could you still be doing stunts? I don't know how old you are now, but at some point like your, your body really can take that. You can, you have to evolve. I mean there's a lot of great stunt performers that are still, that are, you know, my age that still perform, but they have to move into the things that weren't my specialty. I think like I would've had to move into vehicles. There's some great drivers that are in their sixties and seventies that can still maneuver a car.


You know, they just, the years behind the wheel of just the precision of all of the fine, you know, motor skill it takes to like hit your marks in that world and it's not so hard on your body, but being a fight double and being like the physical double that's, you know, getting ratcheted back from explosions or hit falling down the stairs or you know, taking the big hits like yeah, you can't, I'm so grateful I was able to transition out of it. 'cause you don't want to be doing that at a certain age. Yeah. So my last question to you, what is the first action film that you remember seeing and do you have a favorite?


Hmm. I feel like the first one that really connected with me was Lethal Weapon. And I don't know why that crazy character that Mel Gibson played Riggs, like the classic trope. He's a live wire, he is a loose cannon, you know, as a teenage boy in the eighties. Like that just was like so fun and exciting for me and I remember seeing the action and watching it on HBO. Another one that was really impactful for me, obviously in my martial arts world is I watched Kung Fu theater as a kid on channel 18. And I remember there were a couple of my friends in high school.


We would watch it on Saturday night and would come on at midnight and we would like, someone would come over to be walk over to somebody's house and we would all watch it together until like two in the morning and drive our parents nuts. So Kung Fu theater was a TV se series that showed a different kung fu movie every Yeah, they would show a martial arts movie. Yeah, they would show these classic like Shaw brothers movies or like, you know, dubbed movies from Hong Kong and it was on the local, the local sort of station, you know, it was called Kung Fu theater and I'm sure they got the rights cheap so they could air these, you know, sort of kung fu movies from the seventies. And it was the best. And I remember trying to like the next day, you know, play fight, you know, I build a put a heavy bag up in my garage and my parents were like, what are you doing?


And I'm like, I'm gonna teach myself Kung fu. I love it. Well I wanna thank you so much for talking with us. It's really been fun and very informative. Thank you. Thank you. David Leach directed the Fall guy starring Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt. It's currently streaming. After we take a short break, Ken Tucker continues his series of great albums Turning 50 this year with an album by Roxy Music This is Fresh Air. On this week's episode of Wild Card Actor and reading Rainbow Host LaVar Burton says he knows people see him in a certain way. It is hard to imagine you getting really angry about, Oh my God, you could not be moral.


I'm Rachel Martin, join us for NPRs Wild card podcast, the game where Cards Control, the Conversation. Waylon, how much do you think it would cost to buy one of those big digital billboards in Times Square to promote our show? The indicator from Planet Money in Big Lights Ugh, in this economy. I mean, you're probably right, but this question is the exact kind of thing that we find answers to on our show. We take one big economic idea, make it understandable, and you know, even fun. That's the indicator from Planet Money and NPR. On this week's episode of Wild Card poet Nikki Giovanni says, you can choose your family. I recommend dogs for they're faithful, they're they're intelligent, and they always love you.


I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild card podcast, the game where Cards Control the Conversation As part of a summer series about great albums celebrating their 50th anniversaries. Rock critic Ken Tucker has chosen an album by the British Band Roxy. Music led by singer and songwriter Brian Ferry. Roxy Music released the album Country Life in 1974. The band was always more popular in England than America. Country life was their first album to crack the billboard top 40 and it became a centerpiece of the group's reputation as innovative art rockers. Here's Ken's take on the album and its historical context.


In America, we tend to like our artists passionate and direct straight shooters. It's no wonder Brian Ferry and Roxy Music were not the most successful British exports. Ferry ain't more for archness and irony. He moans beautifully artfully aloof. Yes, he falls in love sometimes quite desperately, but he's not gonna let his tears stain his white dinner jacket as he moves wardly toward the microphone.


Long I was so scared. Country Life was Roxy Music's fourth album. Its title taken from a British fashion magazine about country life at its most posh. In 1974, the band was readjusting itself. Keyboardist Brian Eno who'd done the most to put the art in Roxy Music's art rock on their first two albums had left Unhappy. Brian Ferry may have played the detached dandy on stage, but when it came to creative differences, he was a ruthless winner. From now on Roxy Music would be his project designed for a series of grand melodramas.


The thrill of all, That's the thrill of it all. One of two extraordinary cinematic compositions on country life. The music there is a roiling swirl of chaos created by guitarist Phil Manza era saxophonist, Andy McKay and the keyboards of Eddie Jobson. Paul Thompson's drumming propels the melody forward, never permitting fairy's vocals to go slack with his decadent on we. The effect is to heighten and intensify the romantic agony. By the time ferry gets to the climactic line, a quote from the American wit, Dorothy Parker, you might as well live.


The song has taken on a delirious intensity. Something's The other high point of country life is the song Buried Next to Last on the album, A really good time. It begins with an orchestral fanfare that ushers in ferry singing to a woman as dissolute and hedonistic as he is he and she share the despairing belief that a really good time can only end in a messy breakup.


You've heard enough of the and stuff, you are pretty swell now because you are pretty tough. But I don't have to tell you how hard it can be to get by. You never bothered about anyone else. You are. Well let you no common sense. But all your come from yourself, nobody you, they don't Just As long as you show them really.


Brian Ferry Born Working class, the son of a coal miner liked to play up his blue blood pretensions during this period he'd be insufferable were it not for his immense talent as a chronicler of love, corrupted and ruined. As a result, he Roxy, music and country life remain thrilling. Rock Crita Ken Tucker revisited the album Country Life by Roxy Music 50 years after its release tomorrow on Fresh Air Autocracies. We often think of autocracies as strong strongman governments focused on holding power within their own borders. Our guest, Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and Applebaum will explain how today's autocracies work together in loose networks to spread their influence globally and dismantle democracies.


Her new book is called Autocracy Inc. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional Engineering today by Charlie Kier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Amys Phyllis Meyers, Ann Ri Donato, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Heidi Saman, Theresa Madden, Thea Cho, Susan Kudi, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producer is Molly CV Nesper Roberta, the show.


Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm t Gross You Here at Shortwave Space Camp, we escape our everyday lives to explore the mysteries and quirks of the universe. We find weird, fun, interesting stories that explain how the cosmos is partying all around us. From stars to dwarf planets, to black holes and beyond.


We've got you. Listen now to the Shortwave podcast from NPR. On this week's episode of Wild Card Actor, Ted Danson says it's possible to embrace your regrets. I wish I hadn't become a liar, you know, early in life, but even your wounds, you kind of have fondness for if you've lived through it and made amends and all of that stuff. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild Card podcast. the game where Cards Control, the Conversation.