
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Middlesex County, New Jersey. Whether expanding a Fortune 500 company or launching a startup, businesses that move to Middlesex County thrive in Middlesex County, you will benefit from talent, investment, and infrastructure that make Middlesex County one of the most innovative business destinations in the US and your business can be there too. Go to discover middlesex.com/thrive To learn all of the advantages businesses enjoy and get in touch with a dedicated business advisor.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley. Our guest today is bestselling author and New Yorker magazine. Staff writer David Graham. Grant has a knack for finding little known stories from history and turning them into books that are Page Turners. His nonfiction book, The Wager Now Out in paperback is no exception. It's about a shipwreck and mutiny. In the 17 hundreds. Martin Scorsese plans to adapt it into a film. S Scorsese already adapted another of Grand's books into a movie Killers of the Flower Moon. An earlier grand book, the Lost City of Z also was adapted for the movies. Our producer, Sam Brier, spoke with David Grand in 2023.


Here's Sam At the bottom of the world. Below the tip of South America, the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans converged to form one of the most dangerous places to find yourself in a boat. The Drake passage. In the mid 18th century, a squadron of British warships made the journey through the passage in the worst weather imaginable, suffering terrible damage to their ships. One man of war called The Wager went missing and wrecked upon the rocks of a desolate island off Patagonia. At first, the castaways maintained the naval laws and discipline of the British Empire under their captain, but that unraveled under the hardships they endured, including poor shelter, punishing weather and starvation.


There was murder and cannibalism, and the captain lost the respect of his crew, especially after killing one of the sailors. By shooting him, eventually the majority of the men muti need and sailed away on a makeshift craft, leaving behind their captain in a small band, loyal to him. They sailed nearly 3000 miles to rescue in Brazil, but only 29 of the 81 survived the journey. Miraculously, the captain survived as well. The leaders of the mutant ears and the captain were reunited in England at a court martial hearing to decide whether they were guilty of the crimes of Mutiny And Murder. David Grand writes about this harrowing journey in his new book, The Wager, A Tale of Shipwreck, Mutiny And Murder.


Well, David Grand, welcome back to Fresh Air. Oh, it's so great to be back in the program. So your book takes place in the 1740s when the British Empire went to war against its rival Imperial Spain, and the war was called The War of Jenkins Ear. And we can leave that to readers to find out why it had that name. But there was a secret mission that a squadron of five British warships took. Tell us about that mission and where they were going. Yeah, so they were given a secret mission to try to intercept and capture a Spanish gallion fill with so much treasure. It was known as the prize of all the oceans. And so they were gonna sail across the Atlantic around the violence seas of Cape Horn into the Pacific, and then try to intercept the ship somewhere off the coast of the Philippines.


Believe it or not, that was part of the mission, and there was a real whiff of piracy to it all. Yeah, I mean, it sounds like a heist movie, but like, isn't this, isn't this piracy, isn't this almost illegal during that time? It wasn't illegal. It was actually part, you know, it was the end of a certain era of buccaneering, but in that period, semen were offered a tantalizing prospect, which was a share of the prize money. So yes, it, there really was a iCal element to this secret mission. And can you set this conflict in the larger context? Like what were Britain and Spain fighting about? Yeah, so Great Britain was seeking, this was the, this was the kind of terrible age of empires.


And Great Britain was seeking to expand its empire into Latin America and break its rival Spain's hold over that region. And so this war was sparked by, by imperialists, who are hoping to break that Spanish hold over this region. And as, as I said in the introduction, even today, rounding Cape Horn is considered very dangerous. What makes it so tricky? Oh, it is. It is the worst. It is among the worst, if not the worst seas in the world. And the reason is that the seas travel uninterrupted, unblocked by any land around the globe.


And so they travel about 13,000 miles without having anything to slow them down. And then they funnel around Cape Horn, a 90 foot wave can dwarf a ship's mast. The currents are the strongest on earth, and then there are the winds, which can accelerate to as much as 200 miles per hour. Herman Melville, who later made the trek around the horn, compared it to a descent into hell in Dante's Inferno. One of the things I found fascinating was that this is before the Panama Canal, obviously, but the Spanish would prefer to just cross Panama rather than sail around the cape.


That is how terrifying cape porn was to seamen that the Spanish decided that for their trade, they would take their cargo ship sail to Panama and then haul the goods across the jungle, suffering malaria and yellow fever, and then load the goods on the other side of Panama onto ships into the Pacific. So that was just a testament to how terrifying these seas really were. Let's talk a little bit about these ships. You called them buoyant wooden castles. The flagship of this mission was the centurion. Can you describe it for us? Yeah, so these ships really were these kind of engineering marvels. They had, they were more than 120 feet long.


They had three mass, they were peed by sails. They could fly as many as, you know, 12 to 18 sails depending on the size of the warship at a time. But again, they were also very susceptible to the elements of sea and storm because they were made of wood. One of the facts that astonished me when researching this book was that about 4,000 trees could be used to build one of these warships. And even I even found accounts of people complaining about a kind of deforestation at the time. Now, The Wager, the the ship that you focus on was, was not built as a man of war. It was actually a merchant ship that was purchased by the Navy and refurbished for battle.


You say it was tubby and unwieldy? Yeah, it was a little bit like the ugly duckling of the squadron because it had not been born for battle. It had been one of these merchant ships that had been remade into a warship to serve in the war. It was the lowest rated ship. And that in that period, they raided warships by the number of cannons and The Wager at 28. So it was a sixth rate, which was the lowest rate, and it had been named after the head of the admiralty. At the time, a man named Sir Charles Wager and the name in many ways seemed fitting because they were all in effect gambling with their lives.


So these boats also needed a lot of sailors to work properly. You say that the centurion, the flagship of this mission needed 400 sailors, and that's only one of the ships going on the mission. There are four other war ships, there's a scouting boat and two cargo ships. They all needed personnel, but the Navy was having a hard time recruiting enough men. What means did they resort to, to find the manpower? Yeah, so the, the in Great Britain at that time did not have conscription and it had exhausted its supply of volunteers during this war for the Navy. And so for the squadron, which was desperately short of men, and men were the most essential element, you needed skilled semen to operate these very complex vessels.


And so what they did was they dispatched the press gangs, and the press gangs would roam into cities. They would roam into ports and towns, and they would look for anyone with the telltale signs of a mariner. You know, if you had even a little tar on the tips of your fingertips, tar was used on a ship a lot. They would say, oh, you're a mariner. They would round you up, they would put you on these basically like these floating jails and take you out to the ship and you were forced to go unwillingly on a voyage that might last three years. Even then, the squadron was short of men. So the admiralty took the extreme step of rounding up soldiers from a retirement home, many of whom were in their sixties and seventies.


They were missing an assortment of limbs. Some were so sick they needed to be lifted on stretchers onto these ships before the voyage, everybody knew they were sailing to their desks. Back to the press gangs for a second, you describe how the press gangs would row out to returning merchant ships. And these are ships that may have been out, may have been out in sea for years, and would snatch sailors off those boats so the, the sailors wouldn't be able to see their families. They would be put right back onto another boat. And then also you describe how there's this poignant scene where family and wives would go to the docks looking for their loved ones, trying to peer into the floating jails to see if they could get one last glimpse of the men before they were sent off again.


Yeah, I mean, those scenes give you such a poignant sense of the human toll, these expeditions, you know, you could have been a, a love one waiting for somebody to come home and then you hear they've been snatched. You haven't seen a husband or a brother or a son for years and years, and then you just hope to catch one last glimpse before they sail off. And given how perilous this voyage is, not only may you not, this may be the last glimpse you have of your loved one. Let's talk a little bit about life on board. These boats, although they were huge vessels, there were so many sailors that unless you were say like the captain, you didn't have a lot of personal space, right?


Yeah. Like land real estate was a reflection of a class society and, and hierarchical society. So the captain had a great cabin, a large cabin with a balcony overlooking the sea, but the pity office were in very small quarters, and the seamen had to sleep on hammocks separated only by about a foot at most the distance. And you know, so when jostling seas or elbows and knees are, are, are, are bouncing against each other, And there could be dozens of boys on board, some as young as six years old, what jobs did they have? Yeah, so I mean, what's so interesting about these ships is that they really are these floating civilizations that are almost like a, a test or experiment in human sociability because people from all walks of lives and all ages are thrown onto these ships.


You know, they begin as strangers, most of them. There could be boys as young as six. You could have men in their eighties. You have aristocrats, you have dandy, you have city paupers, you have professional craftsmen, you have free black seamen. They're each given a different kind of mission on the ship. The boys tended to be, they were like powder monkeys. They would, you know, run about carrying the, the, you know, the, the gunpowder and battle. Many of them were there to be trained To learn how to live on a ship so that they could grow on to become seamen. And some might even be from well to do families who are in training to eventually become officers. Yeah, one of those is actually John Byron, who later is the grandfather of Lord Byron the poet.


The way you describe it, one of the more dangerous jobs board was climbing the main mast. Can you describe how harrowing that is? Yeah, it's, it's harrowing. So you mentioned Jo by, for example, this midshipman who is 16 years old when the voyage sets sail and he has To learn, you know, how to work and operate on a ship. And one of the tasks he has to do is to climb these mass that can climb, as you know, that can rise as much as a hundred feet. They would've to climb along these ropes that hold up the mass on the exterior and scurry up them. You know, it wasn't like ships today where you could kind of work the seals from down on the deck.


You had to go up and then climb up and climb up. Sometimes when you were climbing your back was nearly parallel to the deck and the sea, Right? 'cause the ship is moving. This is not a static static pole. No. The ship Is, Is rocking back and forth. No, I mean, and and it's important to mention that, you know, there will come a time on this voyage where not only are they rocking back and forth, they have to do this in hurricanes and typhoons. So they are swinging as if, you know, they were spiders clinging on as the ship rocks, you know, close to 45 degrees to one side and then 45 degrees to the other. I have to ask you what the toilet situation was like.


Well, everything on a ship had its own name and the toilet was known as the head. It was basically a hole in the water and it would just kind of shoot through and down into the, into the sea. But in storms when, for the average seamen, when it became so rough and it would, when they were going around Cape Horn, the seas were coming over the whole entire bow of the ship washing some of the heads away and making it impossible to use them. Hmm. It would not be right to call it a privy 'cause there was no privacy. Yes. So You'd be a land lover if you called it a privy. Right. So there was a lot of documentation that happened on these boats. A lot of the officers would keep log books, even some non officers would keep log books.


Why were these so important? Yeah, so the admiralty and, and and the British Empire and the government required the senior officers all to keep a log book, the captain and lieutenant of almost a daily occurrence of the wind and the elements and, and unexpected accidents and remarkable incidents. And this was partly a way for the British Empire, which was during this age of ruthless expansion. These documents provided a kind of encyclopedic knowledge of what the world was like, what these unchartered seas were like. All this was being fueled back to the empire for further trade and conquest.


These documents were also very important because if anything happened on a ship, let's say there was a mutiny or a shipwreck or something went wrong, they would become entered into evidence at a court martial and officers were instructed not to alter them or to edit them because it raised suspicions. And some of the log books of The Wager survived the wreck and you actually got to read them. What was that like? Oh yeah. I mean, it's hard to fathom how some of these documents survived typhoons and, and, and the tidal waves and the shipwreck and made it back. And you could hold these incredibly brittle documents from the 18th century.


You know, you open them up in a box and you pull them out, you know, dust just blows outta them. The covers are almost disintegrating, but they are a wealth of information and let you to really meticulously reconstruct this expedition from day to day. There are muster books, there are log books, there are journals and much more. So David, there's two important characters in your book that will become like the opposing polls in the Mutiny. One is the Captain David Cheap, and he actually starts this journey to South America as a second in command of a different boat. But he's promoted to captain of The Wager after its captain dies.


Give us a little sense of him. Yeah. So Captain Cheap was somebody who, who on land was plagued by debts and chased by creditors. But he had always found refuge on the regimented, you know, wooden world of a ship. And on this voyage he had finally obtained, what he had always longed for was his deep ambition, which was to be captain of his own worship and to have a chance to possibly capture a lucrative prize. Right. And the other character is John Bulky, who was the gunner of The Wager. And the gunner is in charge of the boat's munitions and was usually a very responsible and reliable person, which would describe bulky.


He was considered a natural leader among the sailors. Among, yes, he was in many ways the most skilled seamen on board The Wager. He was, as you said, an instinctive leader. But because he did not come from the aristocracy or from the wealthier classes, he knew that it was unlikely that he would ever have a chance to become a commander of his own warship. Like David Sheep the captain. Okay. One of the biggest enemies the squadron has to face was disease first. As the warships are crossing the Atlantic, there's a typhus breakout and typhus is carried in the feces of lice just for anyone who didn't know that.


And then as the boats are beginning the most difficult part of their journey around Cape Horn, they're struck with the second disease. Scurvy. We now know that scurvy is caused by a vitamin C deficiency, and it's actually easy to prevent and to cure by eating citrus. But at the time people didn't know this, ships didn't carry citrus on board or really any fruits and vegetables and the sailors were defenseless against the disease. It sounds like scurvy was a ticking time bomb to any boat that traveled over a certain amount of time. That is true. Scurvy killed more semen than, you know, all the other potential dangers.


A chip, you know, tempest and other diseases combined. And as the squadron and The Wager were sailing around Cape Horn at a point when the ships are just being bandied about like these rowboats in these gigantic seas, and they need every person to persevere, they begin to suffer from scurvy. And they don't know what causes it, but their hair begins to fall out, their teeth fall out. And as some semens say, the disease got into their brains and they went raving mad. Okay, so the ships are making their attempt to round Cape Horn. How did it go? Oh, not so well, you know, they, they are being, you know, they lack men at one point, I think at one of the more extraordinary moment, they can't even fly their sails 'cause they keep blowing out.


And so, but they, if they take down all the sails, they can't control the ship. So they, one of the commanders orders is men to climb the mast during this storm while the ships are rocking violently and to use their bodies as these thread bear sails so that the captain can help turn the ship. So imagine as you have these men and boys standing a hundred feet in the air, their bodies concave as a gale force, wind blows against them, and the captain was able to turn the ship around, but one of the men was lost and fell into the sea and the others could see him desperately swimming after the ship feud.


Yeah, that, that's an amazing part of the story. So he doesn't want to use sails because the winds are so strong, but, so he just needs a little bit of power and control and so that's why he has these sailors go up there and act as sales. Exactly. David Grann speaking to Sam Brier in 2023. His book, The Wager, A Tale of Shipwreck, Mutiny And Murder is now out in paperback, will continue their conversation after a break and I'll review the new Netflix series, the Four Seasons starring Steve Carell and Tina Fey. I'm David Bean Cooley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Rinse these days you can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but you can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from BetterHelp Therapy can be expensive, but at BetterHelp they believe therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury, which is why they offer quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash npr to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp dot com slash npr.


Let's get back to producer Sam Brigg's interview with bestselling nonfiction author David Grant, who's also a staff writer for the New Yorker. His previous books include The Lost City of Z and Killers of the Flower Moon. His latest book now out in paperback, is about an 18th century British warship that crashed on a remote island off Patagonia, the Castaways face, terrible conditions and eventually mutiny against their captain. Some of them were able to reach safety on a makeshift boat by sailing nearly 3000 miles to Brazil. The book is called The Wager, A Tale of Shipwreck, Mutiny And Murder. You know, one of the reasons I find this book so compelling is that I just have absolutely no interest whatsoever in getting on a boat and trying to round Cape Horn.


Like it just sounds like the worst possible scenario to me. It is. You know, there's a very few people join that elite club of Cape Horn Sue, who a wanna go around the horn and ever come back. There's, you know, if anyone reads Melville, he has amazing descriptions of Cape Horn and he basically says, heaven help the, you know, the family members if their, if one of their loved ones is going around the horn. What about you? Are you adventurous or do you like to find your adventure in pages of books and documents? Well, I am the least likely adventurer possible in so many ways. I'm half blind, I'm older, I'm bald. I get lost on a subway even on my way to work.


And I spend most of my time in archives researching these stories as I did for The Wager. I spent the first two years just combing archives, reading these journals and books with a magnifying glass of these places are very suited for my poultry physical attributes. But then there usually comes a time whenever I research these books or stories where some doubt gnaws at me, some part of the story I don't fully feel like I understand and I get propelled on some mad expedition, you know, to try to better understand what happened. And so in, in the case of The Wager, eventually organized my own little expedition to try to get The Wager island. You don't round Cape Horn, right?


I do not round Cape Horn. And, and, and I hope I never do. It was rough enough as it was. Fair enough. Alright, well let's get back to The Wager. First of all, just how long does it take to round Cape Horn? Well, they are struggling to get around it for months because every time they think they get around it, they don't. And the ships are breaking apart. Some of the ships end up turning back. So it takes, you know, weeks and weeks and weeks as they attempt to get around the horn. But they, they do succeed finally. But the boat is in terrible shape. They're no longer with the rest of the squadron.


I think the squadron believes that The Wager has sunk. Most of the crew, including the captain, has scurvy. It can't do their jobs at all or very well. And the ship wrecks some of the crew believe in this will be a factor in the mutiny. That it's the captain's fault that that Captain Cheap was so single-minded on his mission that he didn't really seem to pay attention that the boat had drifted into shallow waters. So the boat starts getting ripped apart by rocks and bringing on water. Fortunately, it gets wedged between some rocks and so it doesn't completely sink. And that gives the sailors an opportunity to get in their small transport boats and row to this desolate island.


And this is not the most hospitable island for castaways, is it? No, no. You know, the, the captain, you know, determinedly, you know, gets around the horn and is trying to sail the ship up the coast of Patagonia and Chile, hoping to eventually rendezvous with the rest of the squadron. But in those days, semen didn't really know exactly where they were on the map because they could not determine their longitude. Longitude required a reliable clock, which had not yet been invented. And so cheap in his navigator's estimation of their longitude turns out to be not only wrong, but wrong by hundreds of miles.


And they suddenly smash into this rock and an anchor falls through the floor of the ship, the rudder shatters. And then the ship is just creaming through this minefield until it does become wedged between these rocks and begins to completely rip apart water surges under the bottom into the ship. Rats are scurrying upward. Those who are suffering from scurvy, who could not get outta their hammocks drowned. But in the distance, some of the survivors see this through the mist, this desolate island, and they think, okay, maybe this will be our salvation. And they get there in one of these transport boats about nearly 150 of them.


And instead the island turns out to be the beginning of their hell. It is cold and windy. It's constantly raining and sleeting, and worst of all, they can find virtually no food. One British officer compared the island to a place where the soul of man dies in him. Right. They were starving, they were cold, they had to scrape seaweed off of rocks to eat. They have a few supplies left from the boat, but the captain takes those and puts them in a tent and rations them out to make them last. But the castaways are on the road to starvation.


And one of the most remarkable moments during the castaways time on the island is that they're visited by this group of indigenous people called the Kaska who come to their island by canoe. And you know, the land that the British round that seems so barren and punishing to them, but the kawas gar are, have perfectly adapted to their environment. Can you describe them to us? Yeah. You know, like other Patagonian, they have been in the region, native Patagonia, they've been in the region for hundreds and hundreds of years. And so they had adapted to this very difficult environment. They traveled mostly in small familial groups. They lived almost exclusively off marine resources.


And they traveled and spent much of their times in canoes. They were known as the nomads of the sea. They had learned to how to stay warm. They would keep a fire going at all times, even in their canoes. And most critically, they knew the landscape and the terrain. So they knew where to find hidden shoals filled with fish or other, you know, sea urchins that could be eaten or mussel or whatnot. So they knew how to survive. And so when they arrive, they offer the castaways a potential lifeline, Right? Which unfortunately, the castaways, they cut their own lifeline.


The castaways cut their own lifeline. Many of them are blinkered by, you know, racism. This idea that somehow their civilization is superior to others and they're also spiraling and violent and chaos. At a certain point on the kawa scar, basically just say, you know, we're outta here and they, and they disappear. And after that moment, the Castaways descend only further into a hobbesian state of depravity and a few of the men even succumb to cannibalism. Okay. So Captain Cheap is trying to maintain naval law on the island, but the system starts to break down.


Some men start stealing food when they're caught, they're punished with 600 lashes. The captain shoots a man amid shipment in the cheek. This man Henry cousins have been accused of dereliction of duty. He eventually dies from his wounds, and the crew believes that cheap wasn't justified in his actions. And the men's loyalty to cheap erodes. And the sailors start looking for leadership from the gunner. John, bulky. Yes. They increasingly gravitate towards bulky, that instinctive leader who uses such populous expressions that still resonate with us today.


He would use phrases to stir the seamen, calling for them for life and liberty, while cheap invokes such principles as duty and honor and patriotism to try to keep the men loyal to him and to the mission. We can't get into the details of Mutiny, but they finally decide to go that path. And it's, it's so interesting to me, like how long it takes them to get there. Like there's all these deliberations, there's a lot of diplomacy back and forth between the factions. Like it seems that Mutiny was a really hard line for these men to cross despite all that had happened to them. Yes, a full blown mutiny they knew was risky and a, you know, a real breach of naval order.


And if it was a full blown mutiny, like the kind some were contemplating the punishment could be, or likely would be being hanged if they ever made it back to England. So even when they are planning it, they are holding these debates. And what's amazing is that even on this desolate remote island, the castaways are conscious of the admiralty, you know, thousands of miles away all the way in England paring down on them. So they are thinking about the rules, what rules they can break. They are writing up documents and trying to create a written record contemporaneously that can justify their uprising.


A a written record that would withstand the attrition of a public trial. Yeah, it's amazing. They have these little scraps of paper and they're having all the, the muti ears sign them ex especially the second in command. So it seems like that they were justified in their actions and then bulky just takes all these pieces of paper with them on their journey. That is correct. Okay. So once the boat is ready, the mutters take control of it and leave Captain Cheap. Along with a few remaining men loyal to him on the island, he actually requests to be left there rather than to be taken prisoner on the boat. And bulking is meant make this journey almost 3000 miles successfully.


But you could not call it an easy trip. No, it was not an easy trip. And one important caveat upon leaving the captain, they didn't really leave him with a, a working boat to get off. Right. And so I think the assumption to some degree, or at least from chief's point of view, is he was being left to die so that he could never share his story. So if the others made it back to England, only one version of the tale would prevail. David Grand speaking to Fresh Air Producer Sam Rigger in 2023 more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance and the name your price tool, it helps you find car insurance options in your budget. Try it today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law, not available in all states.


This message comes from Warpy Parker Prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart Choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


So only 29 of the 81 men who take this trip survive one actually dies. I think as they made it to safety. And we won't get into the story, but miraculously, captain Sheep and some of his men are rescued from the island by a group of native people. And, and we'll save that to the readers, but it's, it's amazing first of all that, that these men survived. They made it to safety greatly diminished, but they all make it back to England. And they're, the survivors engage in the sort of war of words like some of the men, including bulky publish accounts of their experience in part to make money, but also to sway public opinion to their side.


And this is all happening at a time of increased journalism and publishing. Can you sort of talk about that? Yeah, there was greater literacy, printing was cheaper. So there was a real explosion in in newspaper writing and travel literature that were known as the Grub Streete hacks, you know, which is where a lot of the publishing had been located. Who were these kind of, for the first time writing kind of done by professionals for individual profit rather than patronage by the aristocracy. And so you had these profusion of accounts and these accounts that were being released by the various semen and members of the expedition struck a court.


And what's so important to understand is why they did this. They get back to England and after waging a war against all these elements, they're summoned to face a court martial where they could be hanged. So they begin to wage this war over the truth, releasing their accounts. And there is, you know, they each shape their account probably the way we all do in some way in order to emerge as the hero of their stories. There's a famous line from Joan Didion who says, we all tell ourselves stories in order to live, but in their case it's quite literally true. They must try to tell a convincing tale in order to spare their lives.


And you know, during this battle of over information, there is disinformation. It's just like today there is misinformation, disinformation, there were even allegations of fake journals and a kind of fake news of the 18th century. So bulky and cheaper called to a court martial hearing by the Navy. And bulk Lee's concerned, he's gonna have to defend himself against the charge of mutiny. And Chief's main concern is that he's gonna face a charge of murder, which is punishable by death for the shooting of the midshipman Henry Cousins. The court martial actually takes a surprising turn. What happens there? Yeah, so many of them fear they're gonna be hanged and they have good reason to fear that given the naval code, given that this had been a full blown mutiny, given that Jeep had shot somebody without asking questions, without a proceeding.


Some of them prayed before going in, but when they go into the court martial, something astonishing happens. They aren't asked about anything that happened on that island, none of the alleged crimes. Instead, they're only asked about what had caused the shipwreck. I would compare it to the authorities stopping a car and finding a dead body in the trunk and asking the driver only why he or she had a busted taillight. And it turned out that the admiralty and those in power really didn't like any of these stories. Right.


And bulky and cheap. While they have a lot of concerns about each other's behavior on the ship and who is responsible for the wreckage of the ship, they decide to censor themselves because they see the way that the court martial is going, that they're not gonna have to face those more serious crimes. Yes. And after that single proceeding about what it calls the wreck, everybody is let go. And it became, as one naval historian called it the mutiny that never was. And you say that the Navy behaved this way because the whole affair had just been a public relations disaster for them and the British Empire.


What do you mean by that? Yeah, so you know, this expedition that it set out when nearly, you know, 2000 men, more than 1300 of them had died. It was really kind of a folly of imperialism. It was a mission kind of bunged from the star in planning the public a clamor for war, but as so often with wars, didn't actually really wanna pay for it. So they sent off their various people in many ways simply to die. Thousands and thousands of other semen had died during other battles during this war period. And the war was kind of a bloody stalemate, and The Wager disaster was a reminder of that. But even more profoundly, it undercut that central claim that the British empire always asserted to justify its ruthless expansion and conquering of other people that its civilization was somehow superior to others.


But here when these castaways were on the aisle and these British officers and crew, the supposed apostles of Western civilization, they had to descended into this Hobson state depravity. They had behaved, you know, less like gentlemen and more like brutes. And so none of the stories that sea the seamen were telling, you know, in their own, the seamen were all battling over their stories trying to prevail. But the British Navy and Empire was looking at these stories saying, I don't know if we like any of these stories. Right. So how'd you first come across this story? You know, one of my interests was always in mutiny. I was always fascinated by munies. I think like a lot of people, because what makes Mutiny so interesting is they occur in a military organization that is by its very nature, designed by the state as an instrument of order to enforce order.


And so what causes these men or women or members of this unit to suddenly rebel? Are they these extreme outlaws or is there something justified in their actions because there is something, you know, rotten within the system or what is taking place? And so I was doing research on Mutiny when I came across the account of John Byron, the mid shipment from The Wager. And it was also just like today, this great battle over who we get to tell the history and effort by those in power to cover up the sinful chapters of a nation's past. And so I would come home from the archives and flip on the TV or read the newspaper, and I would be reading in our own society about these wars over the truth and disinformation and fake news and who would get to tell history and what books were being banned.


And I thought this crazy weird story is like a parable for our own turbulent times. Well David Grand, thanks so much for coming back on Fresh Air. It was my pleasure. Thank you so much, Sam. David Grand speaking with Fresh Air producer Sam Brier in 2023 Grand's book now out in paperback is called The Wager, A Tale of Shipwreck, Mutiny, And Murder. After a break, I'll review the new Netflix miniseries, the Four Seasons starring Tina Fey and Steve Carell. It's based on the 1981 movie of the same name. This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute, plus tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so you can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Bombas. Nearly 30% of marathoners and their race blistered bombas running socks are strategically cushioned. To help, say bye to blisters. Run the bombas.com/npr and use code NPR for 20% off your first purchase.


Netflix has just launched a new miniseries based on an old movie. The movie written and directed by Alan Alda, and released in 1981 was the Four Seasons. It was a comedy drama about three middle-aged couples who meet for short vacations four times a year. The movie structure came from Nature, the music from Vivaldi's Four Seasons, and the cast was led by Alan Alda and Carol Burnett as Jack and Kate. The other vacationing married couples were Nick and Anne, played by Lynn Carou and Sandy Dennis and Danny and Claudia played by Jack Weston and Rita Moreno. All had been together and known each other for a long time.


But over the course of the film, events included several arguments, one breakup, even a death. The idea of expanding the Four Seasons movie into a TV mini series was done once before by Alan Alde himself in 1984. Now more than 40 years later, a new TV version has just surfaced on Netflix. Its creators are Tina Fey and two writers from the Mindy Project, Lang Fisher and Tracy Wigfield. They've made some significant changes and updated the setting and comedy, but the basic plot and tone remain the same. Like the original film. Netflix is, the Four Seasons is a mature, laid back piece of entertainment.


The humor evokes more smiles than belly laughs, and the dramatic moments work without evoking any tears. The eight episode mini series devotes two episodes to each season, starting with Spring Jack and Kate, the uptight and verbally sparring Couple are now played by Will Forte and Tina Fay, Nick and Anne. The couple about to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary are now played by Steve Corll and from Reno 9 1 1, Carrie Kenny Silver. And the big difference in this new adaptation is that the final couple, which in the movie was Danny and his Italian wife Claudia, is now Danny and his Italian husband, Claude Coleman Domingo plays Danny and Marco Calvan plays Claude in spring.


They all gather at Nick and Ann's Lake House to honor their silver anniversary at the dinner table. Jack played by Will Forte, gives a toast and prompts quite a response, starting with his wife Kate, played by Tina Fey, and ending with an observation by Danny, played by Coleman Domingo. Look, it is rare in this life to find your soulmate, and yet somehow all six of us have done it to Nick and Ann. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Thank you so nicely said, honey, even though soulmates aren't a real thing, wait, how can You say that? Of course, soulmates are real.


You really believe there is one person for every person on it. There's one person in the whole earth that they're supposed to be with. And then that person also happens to be in the same dorm at college. So do you not love me? I love you so much, but we're not lucky. We're dedicated. Romantic love fades. Geez. Gosh. And then you build something deeper. Who invited the incel? Love is the point of everything. It defines us as human beings. Yeah. Yes, but also dolphins feel it. Help me say this right, because I know you agree with me. Oh, Okay. Here's what I know. When you're young and in love, it's beyond your control.


You know, you can't help it. You know, I think about all the people in our twenties that we were in love with who did not deserve us, but what we have now as a result of knowledge and experience, you know, we have chosen each other. The TV version of the Four Seasons stretches to about four hours, giving the show's various writers time to delve more deeply into relationships and subplots. At times. This isn't necessarily an improvement. A few scenes feel forced and fall flat, but in others, the dialogue and acting are sharp. And the updating works as in a summer installment when Kate and Jack are talking privately after just meeting Ginny, the much younger woman brought along on vacation by Steve Carell's, Nick, I mean, I get it.


She's young and hot, right? You don't see a ton of upside for me. And answering that, what Is he doing? He's changing his entire personality for his 30-year-old girlfriend. He's being such a zeal. Oh, that's a really fresh reference. Yeah, you should say that in front of Jenny. And when she asked what a Zelig is, you should explain, oh, it's a Woody Allen movie that you like, alright, Whatever. Why can't he have his midlife crisis at home? Why does he have to bring it on my vacation? With its changes of locale and its occasional visits to resort hotels, the Four Seasons might look like a close relative of the White Lotus. But the drama and mystery aren't anywhere near as heightened here. Just as the comedy isn't as broadly played as it would be in an Adam Sandler buddy vacation movie.


The Four Seasons is like a rom-com, but offering a much wider and wiser perspective than many after you've met Q to overcome obstacles and fallen in love, what's next and what's in store for the next 25 years? The Four Seasons may not have all the answers, but at least it asks some of the right questions To keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air on Monday show, we talk with Sarah Snook. She's won an Emmy and two Golden Globe Awards for playing Shiv Roy on the show succession.


She's now on Broadway as the only actor playing 26 different roles in the play. The picture of Dorian Gray, she performed the role in London last year and won in Olivier. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our senior producer today is Stayer. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman and Julian Hertzfeld. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Schrock, Annmarie Baldonado, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Susan Yadi, Anna Bauman, and Joel Wolfram.


Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Neper for Terry Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David Bian Cooley.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d.com.


This message comes from Pro Flowers. Mother's Day is coming up. So let Pro Flowers help you celebrate the incredible women in your life. Shop modern bouquets at affordable prices. Visit pro flowers.com/npr for $15 off your Pro Flowers Mother's Day gift.