
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC


Hi, it's Terry Gross. Before we start our show, I wanna take a minute to remind you that it's almost Giving Tuesday, which is so named because it's become a day of expressing gratitude by giving money or any kind of help to an individual or group or organization that matters to you. We've found a way to turn Giving Tuesday into Giving and getting Tuesday. If you subscribe to NPR Plus in return, you'll be getting special bonus episodes from a bunch of NPR podcasts. These bonus episodes are available only to NPR plus subscribers on Fresh Airs Bonus episodes you'll hear hosted, curated timely interviews from our archive every week. NPR plus members also get to listen to all NPR podcasts without interruptions from sponsors. And the subscription is a tax deductible donation. It's a win-win. So join us@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org. Or you can always make a gift@donate.npr.org. Thank you. And thanks to everyone who's already supporting us and now on with the show.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. I hope you're enjoying your Thanksgiving for the holiday. We're going to feature one of our favorite interviews of the year with Yo-Yo Ma. He brought his cello, which he played for us. He's the most famous contemporary cellist, and perhaps the most revered in the us. His best known recordings are of the Bach Solo Cello Suites, which he's recorded three times in 19 83, 19 97 and 2018. He's performed with orchestras around the world. But lots of people who pay no attention to classical music know Yo-Yo Ma because he's performed in so many different contexts. He's played American folk and bluegrass music, and he's played music from around the world with the Silk Road Ensemble, which he founded.


He's appeared on Mr. Rogers neighborhood, Sesame Street and The Simpsons. On the first anniversary of nine 11, at the ceremony held at ground zero, he performed one of the bok cello suites earlier this year in April, he played at the memorial for the seven aid workers from World Central Kitchen who were killed in an Israeli airstrike while they were feeding people trapped in Gaza. Yo-Yo Ma started playing cello at age four, and by the time he was seven, he performed at an event attended by President Kennedy and former President Dwight Eisenhower, where he was introduced by Leonard Bernstein. And 2011 he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Obama. That's one of the many honors he's received, including 19 Grammys.


He has a new album with pianist Catherine Stott, who he's performed with for over 40 years. She's about to retire their new album. Marcie is their final album together. I spoke with Yoyo Ma last May at an event held at WHYY where Fresh Air is produced, where he received WHY Y's Annual Lifelong Learning Award. The only honor greater than having yo-Yo Ma here tonight is having Yo-yo ma with his cello here tonight. So I'm absolutely thrilled about this. So I want you to introduce your cello to us 'cause it's, it's from the 17 hundreds.


This cello is older than the United States of America. Well, Terry, the first thing I wanna tell you is that the cello's name is Petunia. It has a name. Yeah. And, and the reason it's named Petunia is because I was playing in Salt Lake City in Utah probably about 25 years ago. And a high school student whose name I still remember is Brittany asked me, does your cello have a name? I said, no, but I'll play you a piece of music and if you can think of a name, maybe I'll keep it. And so I played a piece of music. She said, Petunia. I said, that's it.


And the name has stuck. One of the things you're famous for is one of the most famous series of compositions for cello, and it's the box cello sweetss on a accompanied. You recorded them three times? I did it once in my twenties. I did once in my forties. Yeah, I did once in my sixties. So every 20 years or so, 1983, I figured I might get it better. It was 1983 was the first time. 2018 was the last time. So the Bach cello suites are the music that really first forefronted the cello as opposed to it being more of a background instrument. Right. Well, it was written for cello alone. Yeah, For cello alone. So there was No background or foreground. Exactly. It had to be all ground.


Right. And, and they're, they're, they're beautiful pieces, but they were kind of discovered or rediscovered like after his death, long after his death, I think. And some people thought, well, they're great like exercises, they're like technical exercises. They're not beautiful music until Pablo Casals recorded it. So I would like you to demonstrate the difference between playing Bach as a technical exercise and then investing your musicality in it and making it beautiful, because it's easy to think, oh, it's a kind of bunch of like grand arpeggios. Some of it. Sure. Well, I can play you one thing from Suzuki book five, which is, which is great.


Everybody who plays Suzuki book five will play this piece. And so, but Bore is a dance, right? So you're thinking dance and a dance, a particular dance would step some. And you know, the, the, the, the Dance Master would create a dance every week for people to dance on the weekends. So people were really working hard at dances. So you put a kind of lightness to your step.


It turns it into something that titillate someone else's imagination to say, oh yeah, I can dance to that. As Mark Morris Dance Group choreographed a whole suite to this music, to dancers who then created a dance for this beret. Does that make sense? Yeah. So can you just play part of the most, what is to you the most beautiful part of the Bach cello Suites? Just a, a short passage for me. Sure. Well, I'll tell you something. I know for one of them you'd have to retune. Let's, let's avoid that. I, I won't retune, but I'll play you this beginning of, so this is the very first piece of music I learned as a 4-year-old.


You know, you may have heard this before. And, and as a 4-year-old, I learned it. And what was interesting for a beginning cellist, if you look at this, I just use one finger and it's the same pattern twice over. So the first day of learning this piece was very easy because I just used my finger once the pattern repeats. And the second day was I used two fingers. Same kind of pattern with one change.


Everything we have in life is about patterns the same or different. We are constantly oscillating between the same and different. Right? And so it was easy for a child to learn things that had patterns to it. And when it was different, it was interesting. Right? Now, why is this beautiful? Well, as a 4-year-old, I learned it, you know, fairly easily. Kids absorb things as a sponge, absorbs water really easily.


After nine years old, you don't pick up languages naturally. You actually, you start to analyze things, you use your mind. And it's a different process of assimilation. So by the time I got to my twenties or thirties, this piece became hard because how do I play it? How do I, and what I discovered, and what made it so beautiful for me is that whereas it was hard to start, but if I thought of an image of water of a brook or a river, and if I thought that the piece started before I began and I just joined the water, you know what it is about a river?


It's never the same river, but you always call it the same river, but the water's never the same. So if I think of a water element, here's what it ends up sounding like. You actually get to code infinite variety, Eddie, right?


In a world where we can measure everything, or we think we can measure everything, how wonderful it is that you could have the poetry of music or poetry or music that actually makes you think you are touching infinity. You learned this when you were four. That's when you started learning That. And I, I'm 68, that means I've been trying to get this right for 64 years. You were quite the child prodigy. You were performing for presidents current and former by the time you were seven, right?


Kennedy and Eisenhower. Do I have that right? I, I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, Leonard Bernstein came and, and heard you, right? So I'm wondering, when you're young and people are making such an amazing, like fuss over you, like you're so extraordinary, do you risk becoming a praise junkie? Do you know? 'cause you get so much of it and that's maybe your measure of your worth in the world, you know? But music isn't always about getting praise. It's about finding like your voice within the music. And I'm wondering, some people can't make the transition. I think some prodigies never find what's unique about their playing.


Because what was unique was that they were young and gifted. Now, what's interesting about two year olds and three year olds, they are the center of their world, right? And if you get a lot of attention, of course you want more attention. But I think as I was growing up, my wife and I have friends that say, yoyo, you know, you and your wife, you aspire towards normalcy. Now that's interesting because, you know, kids are really smart.


They know, no matter what you say, you, you go to a class, they figure out whatever hierarchy there is, who's smart, who's athletic, who does this, and who's, you know, who's a bully and who's like, you know, on a fast track. And they figure all of this out. And I think we all have this aspiration to both belong and to feel special, Right? Very true. All of us. So I didn't feel that I was particularly special because I didn't play with a lot of friends as a young person.


And I never thought I was that special. A lot of people paid attention to me and said, you're this and you're that. And I wasn't sure that that meant anything or was true or whatever. But I was trying to figure things out. I was actually very confused and about what? And about everything. I'm an immigrant. I was born in Paris, my parents were Chinese. And guess what? When we moved from France to America, our French friends would say, why you go to America? This is the greatest country in the world, you know?


And once we arrived in America, you know, like Americans say, well this is of course the greatest country in the world. You've arrived. And my parents would say, well, you know, there's Chinese culture, you know, ancient culture. This is so great. And say, and I was wondering, you know, then why are we in America? So I was very confused because people would say, choose you must be one or the other, whatever. And, and I thought, why, why do I need to choose? Because, you know, I love croissant. You know, do I have to give up, you know, croissant for wonder bread, you know? And you know, I don't mind rice either, but I love potatoes too. You know, it's like, what do we need to make a choice on everything?


So when, when you were young and performing, were you nervous about it? And did you ever feel like, don't take this the wrong way, but did you ever feel like you were like a trained seal, or do you know what I mean? Like, here's the kid and he's gonna perform for you. This is an amazing act because he's a kid. 'cause it was, it's, it's almost freakish to be that talented when you're that young and to be able to memorize and play such complicated music. Well that's assuming that you're doing a comparative thing. I didn't particularly know what I was doing was, you know, good, bad, ugly or whatever.


Right? I just did things now, yes, there's the part of me from two, not one, but two tiger parents. You've all heard tiger parents, you know, Asian household and that, you know, I had to do well. I had to listen to them. There's not much dialogue. It's a lot of monologue, right? You do this, you're a good boy, you're gonna do this and this is the right thing to do. And I had a father who was an incredibly gifted teacher, And he, he was a professor. I'm trying, he was professor of music.


He was, He studied children's orchestra in New York and He's just a really brilliant teacher. But irascible and I had a mother who was, who was very, who loved music, who was, was a singer who actually loved to be moved by music. So I had both the head and heart sort thing from, from either parent. And I think there was a lot of emphasis on trying to get things right consistently. So I had fantastic training, I had fantastic ear training, but did I know why I was doing something or what it was about?


I think it was after I went away to summer camp and especially to college, where whatever I was doing and that I was passionate about, was matched easily by my peer group being interested in their passions. And suddenly the world opened up. What was a kind of like a, you know, a uni world sort of hot house atmosphere kind of world opened up to sort of, my gosh, all this stuff. Did you have a chance to be a child when you were a child?


'cause you, you must have spent so much Time practicing. I am my best childhood right now. One of the things, one of the things I find really amazing about your, your, your life story is that you, you were so disciplined as a child. I mean, 'cause you had, you were learning so much stuff. I'm still Disciplined, But, but you went through this period of actually rebelling. I'm still rebelling. Are you? Yes, of course. I'm rebelling against people doing things and not knowing why they're doing it.


I'm rebelling against people saying this is the only way to go. I'm rebelling against people saying this is right and this is wrong. Without ever explaining why. Yes. But when you were rebelling in school, you, you were cutting classes. Yes. In Julliard you were sneaking up between orchestra breaks to get alcohol. Absolutely. Absolutely. And got really drunk and would take me to the emergency room. Wouldn't do that to the emergency room once. Absolutely. Yeah. And my father had to check me out of the hospital because I was 15 years old. You you had a fake id. Yes. He could not have been very happy about that.


All those, no, he gave up drinking because I, you know, I like guilt, shame, all of that stuff. Your father gave up drinking 'cause you were bed Because he thought, you know, 'cause my mother said, you know, see, you're a bad example for your son. It was horrible. Were you punished? Well, the shame and guilt was like, you know, if that's not punishment enough, it's like, you know, my father's only joy, you know, was a glass of wine. He gave that up. Do you care? Yeah. Right. You see, I can see everybody's. So was there a point where you weren't sure whether you really wanted to play music or whether that was just your father's idea? Well, let's put it this way, I loved music.


I think after I went and started playing Chamber of Music with friends at the, at the Alexander Schneider's sort of Christmas string seminar, which is now known as the string seminar. 10 days around the holidays where you just are playing chamber music and playing meeting, you know, 15, 16, 17 year olds. That's my version of fun. I wanted to become a, you know, to join the Julliard Quartet and play cello and be with friends. That was my goal. Did I wanna be, you know, a cellist? Eh? Did I wanna do that?


Yes. But you know what really inspired me most was when I was nine, I read a book by Pa Als and he said in this book that I am a human being first. I'm a musician second and I'm a cellist third. And now coming from my background and reading this from my hero, I thought that, man, I like, How did that compare to the message you were getting from your father? Well, it was the opposite. It was the reverse. Right. But you're, You're a cellist Verse. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And, and the right order for me always, always is you're a human being first, and then you are a member of that sector of musicians. Second and last, I'm a cellist. We're listening to the interview I recently recorded with cellist Yo-Yo Ma at an event held at WHYY where Fresh Air is produced. We'll hear more of the interview after a break, and I'll ask him to play what he likes to play for himself when he needs to get in touch with something larger than himself. I'm Teri Gross. And This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from GiveWell. GiveWell provides rigorous transparent research about the best giving opportunities so that donors can make informed decisions about high impact giving. To learn more, go to give well.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana


From the online trends that dominated 2024 on the spectrum Of brat to demure. Where are you Right now? To spicy TikTok viral reads, these romance fantasy books about Dragons NPR kept you up to speed on pop culture all year long. Give back to the news source that just hits different by donating today@donate.npr.org. And thank you. This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to the interview I recorded in May with Yo-Yo Ma, the beloved cellist whose famous for his performances of Bach solo cello suites. And for the music he's played with the Silk Road Ensemble, which he founded to play music from around the world with musicians from around the world as a way of bridging different cultures.


He's won 19 Grammys and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Obama. His latest album is a duet with pianist Catherine Stott called Xi. Our conversation was recorded at WHYY where Fresh Air is produced in front of a live audience. Was there a piece where you felt like you really found your voice as an individual, you know, as, as yo-yo ma as opposed to just like, you know, somebody who's incredibly talented, but this was your voice, your unique voice. That's a very interesting question. It implies that we all have a consistent one voice.


And I dare say that all of us of a certain age have multiple voices. I think that's really literally true. You think that's true? Yeah, I Think it's Literally true. Yeah. 'cause we were talking earlier about what you, Terry and I yo-yo tried to do is to make sure that at every stage in life that we acknowledge that stage and not try and pretend we're another stage except for me, I'm still living my childhood. But, you know, but that's, that's different. That's, that's an exception. But, but I would say that this music, This is a Sonata by Schubert.


When I was 10, I was mesmerized by Schubert. And one of the things about Schubert that is, was amazing to me, and I think it appealed to me as a 10-year-old, was that in the happiest moments, there's sadness. And in the saddest moments, there's a glimmer of light. And, and I think it's the gray right? But it's not constant gray. And, and I think that's a lot of life. And I think as an immigrant, you are always aware of being able to be on the inside and the outside Sure.


Multiple times. How does the piece you just played relate to that? It has that, you know, poignancy, it has that wistful quality and, you know, you're, you're yearning for something and it's, it could be towards one way or another and whatever. But I can tell you something else that when I was 19 and in college, they had an orchestra and I was asked to learn a piece of music that at first I was terrified or didn't even like, but I was incredibly attracted to it. And, and this is this, this piece of music.


I'll play a little bit of this.


So this Is, oh, I love that. You love that, huh? Yeah. Okay. Well, I love the turmoil of it. Yeah. So, so this was sort of in a way going to the dark side, and it's a piece that was written at the height of the Cold War Shastakovich, you know, social realism depicting literally that very thing in society. And it's funny how we get so naturally into certain music like that.


Schubert I loved as a 10, 12-year-old, but for the Shastakovich, I wasn't born in the Soviet Union. I did eventually visit the Berlin Wall and saw all what people went through to cross the Berlin Wall with all the flowers, placed every 50 yards for somebody who tried and didn't make it. But it was through reading a book about Shastakovich, who I think devoted his life to advocating for the voices of people that were part of that system. And, and what is interesting is code everybody knew in Russia in the Soviet Union knew what that music was about.


And it's harder to censor notes than words, but the messages were absolutely clear, right? Once I understood that, that that was the kind of advocacy, it's no longer about my voice, but it's about my advocacy for the voices of people that didn't have the voices anymore. We're Listening to the interview I recorded earlier this year with Cellist Yo-Yo Ma at an event held at WHYY where Fresh Air is produced. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. This is Fresh


Air. This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story


support for this podcast. And the following message come from Humana. Your employees are more than your coworkers. They're the heartbeat of your business. That's why Humana offers modern group benefits designed to protect employees and their families with dental, vision, life, and disability coverage. Humana knows every employee and every business is unique. That's why they listen to your needs and build plans with you and your team in mind. That's the power of human care.


Hi, it's Marielle Sagara from Life Kid. There's a first time for everything including giving to NPR. Whether you're a brand new listener or a longtime fan, please join the community of NPR network supporters to today. Make your gift@donate.npr.org. And thank you. This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded at an event with Yo-Yo Ma in front of an audience at WHYY where Fresh Air is produced. He's the most famous and perhaps the most revered cellist in America. You've performed at several very important commemorative events. You performed at the first anniversary of nine 11 at Ground Zero.


You performed at an anniversary for the Boston Marathon bombing. You performed in France by the atrium in commemoration of the end of World War I. And very recently, you performed for Jose Andres's World Kitchen, which provides food for people in natural disasters and in war. And seven of his people were killed in Gaza. And you performed at the ceremony, the commemorative ceremony for them. I would like you to talk a little bit about choosing appropriate music for such grave occasions and how you figure out what to play that will give people, that will enable them to fully and deeply feel their grief, while also providing some kind of consolation and community.


And maybe you can play an excerpt of one of those pieces that you think speaks to that kind of need. Playing at the National Cathedral is always a special thing because it's, that's sort of like the, the national place for commemoration, for mourning, for celebration. And, you know, it's, it's more than the Episcopal Church. It is, it is. It's a national place. Right. And I think they did an incredible job of acknowledging an unbelievably complex situation.


This Was the comm, the Jose Andres Commemoration, right? So there were seven people that were killed. And, and Jose Andres spoke, I thought, in such a way that threaded the needle, acknowledging the 200 aid workers that have been killed, you know, the 34,000 people, the 1200 people. And he spoke individually for each of the people from the World Central Kitchen that died. So I started with this Ernest blocks from Jewish life, followed by this piece from a Sund, who was the first national Turkish composer, an sund that, that add Turk appointed, followed by ban that actually originated in Africa, moved to Spain, was banned in Spain, moved to France, moved to South America, all as a dance.


And then taken by Bach in what was not yet Germany at that time, that crossed all these boundaries. But a dance that started out, that was danced by bedwin women. And you know, through music, you're crossing all those lines, six minutes of music and, and somehow you can evoke the sense of place of time of just having been, Is there a piece that you like to play for yourself when you're alone and you need some kind of consolation or you need to feel something larger than yourself, you know, to connect to something larger than yourself that gives you, that gives you what you need.


You know what's funny? Music goes on in my head all the time. So you don't even need to play it, is that what you're saying? I Don't need to play it. It's like, you know, my wife thinks I hate music because I, you know, often she will have the radio on or something and I'll say, can you turn it off? And she says, you know, you obviously you hate music. And I said, no, I don't hate music. But I actually, you know, it's like, and or she thinks that when I'm, when I'm, I'm listening to, to a conversation, I'm bored. She'll say, oh yeah, you're thinking of fingerings and bowings. You know, it's like, it's just like you're matching your doing. Because part of thinking is you think with, you know, you do analytical thinking, you do empathetic thinking, but you also do tactile thinking.


You know, some of you may be, you know, working on your golf game, you know, when you're, when you're, you know, at a meeting or you know, you're thinking of how you can do a better serve, you know, I mean, I don't know, but I think we are much more than what we think we are at any moment. Is there a piece that goes through your mind, since we can't get into your mind, that you could play for us to give you what you need, when you need either Constellation or to just get out of yourself and feel like connected to something larger? Yeah, I will, I will go off And Are you asking me to play something? Yes, I am. Why didn't you just say that? I Thought I, I thought I did.


I thought I did. You wanted some action? Yes, Exactly. Okay, so fine. Alright.


Whoa. Okay. That was beautiful. And we started with to a Gift to Be Simple, went to Amazing Grace. I don't know what the third piece was. Well, that was actually the going home from Divorce Ark. Oh. Which is from his, you know, his new World Symphony. It's also That was so beautiful. Yeah. It also turned into a spiritual going home and, you know, so it has a number of iterations. Oh, that was just beautiful. Wow. So can you, can, can you talk a little bit about why those pieces are significant to you?


Well, I mean, I think we are all more than who we think we are, right? Because there's always unexplored parts and, and I think with, with music, with anything that's created, you know, if you look deeply enough into anything, I think you actually see the World Simple Gifts. Shaker song. Then Aaron Copeland turned into Apple Hudgin Spring Suddenly had a Different Life.


And we may know that song partly because of a AP spring. And then again went back to saying, oh yeah, that's a Shaker song. Right? Right. You know, amazing Grace. It's a song that's been spiritual adapted from actually not a very religious person who wrote this, but he was in a storm and he survived and then became very religious. And, you know, there's a long story to that. And of course, today, amazing Grace has so many places where it is, you know, core music for many social human occasions.


Vja, had he not come to America, had he not met Harry Burley, who introduced him to spirituals and vja, upon hearing Harry Burley's voice and became friends with him, who just showed him all of this music and said, you know, this African American music is spiritual, is as great as any music I've ever heard. This is the Soul of America. So Dvora was hired by Mrs. Thurber to come to the United States to be the head of the American, the National Conservatory of Music in New York City for a number of years.


He stayed only about three years, and during this time, he taught, he taught Harry Burley, he taught many students, and he told his students what he said to them, don't teach like me, don't compose like me, don't imitate me, but listen to what's around you. Listen to the music of immigrants, listen to African American music and the Native American music. He traveled to, to find all of this. He said, this is where you're gonna find the Soul of America. And his students taught their students that way, and they became George Gershwin.


Aaron Copeland and Duke Ellington We're listening to the interview I recently recorded with Cellist Yo-Yo Ma at an event held at WHYY where Fresh Air is produced. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hi, I'm Laurel Wamsley and I cover personal finance for NPR. That means I report on some of the questions that might keep you or your loved ones up at night. Like, will I ever be able to buy a home? What about retirement? As interest rates drop, where should I put my money? Economic headlines can be confusing, but NPR is here to help you make sense of them. To support this coverage. Please give today@donate.npr.org. From your car radio to your smart speaker, NPR meets you where you are in a lot of different ways. Now, we're in your pocket. Download the NPR app today.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded with Yo-Yo Ma in front of a live audience at WHYY where Fresh Air is produced. He's the most famous and perhaps the most revered cellist in America. I wanna end by paraphrasing something that you've said, and I think this was in reference to recording the Bach cello solo pieces three separate times. And you said that your approach was, this might not be perfect, it might not be the best performance, but it's the best I can do in this moment of my life. And I find something really beautiful in that.


'cause It, it expresses the commitment of doing your best in that moment, but it also has a kind of forgiving attitude that like, it's not gonna be perfect, but it's the best I can do right now, and that that's gonna be good enough. I think that's a, a beautiful approach to things, to the music and maybe to life. I think to me, that's been my experience of your approach over the last 40 years. Oh, please, thank You. No, seriously. Because you know, I I was gonna ask you now, do you, how do you deal with burnout?


How does anybody who does things for four decades avoid the trap of saying, okay, I'm caught in a rut. How do you, you know, how do you rejuvenate, regenerate and, and constantly be curious and active and do your best? I try and forgive myself because I don't wanna be neurotic. I also don't want to fall under the spell of what I call an industrial aesthetic, which is your way of saying perfection, right?


What do we do in industry? You make a million copies of something with the least amount of error. So here's a million copies. Maybe it's six out of a million bad, right? I can't play a million concerts and make, have six bum concerts. You know, that's, that's an unreasonable thing to ask of a human being. What allows me to not be paralyzed is to just say, I'm doing my best. And if it doesn't work, you know, you know, my intention is to do the best.


You are so wonderful tonight. I you Are so wonderful. Thank you, Amy. I love you Terry Gross. Love you. I love you. You're a hero. My conversation with Yo-Yo Ma was recorded on stage at WHYY in May when he was presented with WY Y's Annual Lifelong Learning Award. Special thanks to Yvette Murray, Julian Hertzfeld, and our other colleagues at WHYY who produced the event. And to Ben Mandel Kern at Yo-Yo MA's Production Company. Sound postings and thank you.


Yo-Yo Ma, if you're looking for things to listen to over the holiday weekend, check out our podcast. You'll find lots of Fresh Air interviews, including this week's interview with John David and Malcolm Washington, who collaborated on a new movie with their father, Denzel Washington. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Argie Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanky. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers and Aldona, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea cer, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly Sevy Nesper and Sabrina Seaward.


Roberta s Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Teri Gross. Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Betterment. The drama of having an enemy turned lover is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated tech makes it easy to get in the market and stay in the market. Save the drama for that moment when you realize your mortal enemy is actually your soulmate betterment. Be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's Lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from R. Progress isn't just what you do, it's how you live. R'S Premium Apparel is built for performance and designed for the modern individual. Get 20% off your first order at rone.com/npr. Rone forever forward.