
This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from Synchrony Bank. There's talking about saving and there's doing it. Synchrony Bank empowers you to tackle savings goals with a high yield savings account that performs at the level you do and rates consistently higher than the national average. Enjoy flexible access to your money while it's earning a great rate with no monthly fees or minimums. It's never been easier to take control of your financial future. Go to synchrony.com/npr. Member FDIC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley and My guest today is Award-winning actress Uzo ABA when she won her first Emmy in 2014 for her breakout performance as Suzanne Crazy Eyes Warren and the Netflix series. Orange is The New Black. Seated next to her at the award ceremony and a regal blue Nigerian headdress and gown was her mother, noian, whom AA tearfully thanked for immigrating to the US to make a better life for her family and a new memoir. AA makes clear that to know her, you must first know and understand her mother who died in 2020 from pancreatic cancer. Abba's memoir takes us through her parents' journey in the sixties after the Nigerian Civil War, settling in and raising Aduba in her siblings in the predominantly white suburb of Medfield Massachusetts.


Intertwined with her mother's story is Abba's journey, how she discovered acting and the pursuit of her dreams in New York City before landing. Her breakout role in Orange is the New Black for which she won two Emmy awards. A DOA is known for her ability to embody her characters. She also won a third Emmy for her performance as Shirley Chisholm in the FX series Mrs. America. And she currently stars in the coming of age film as Clarice in The Supremes at Earl's All You Can Eat. Her new memoir is titled The Road Is Good, how A Mother's Strength Became A Daughter's Purpose. And Uzo Aduba, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you so much for having me, Tanya.


I would love to start our discussion and grounding it in this book. Can I have you read the first page? Sure. Of your memoir. Sure. As I write this, my mother is dying for years. This is how I imagine I'd begin my book. That is how much the stories of our lives intertwine. Ours was the longest relationship of my life. When I first received the news, there was at the core of my being a resistance. Up until that moment, I hadn't realized that I'd thought my mother would never die. I hadn't known that she was my belief system, that I thought my mother was a God, even if it was a little G.


You see, my mother could do anything, lift anything, move mountains only a few inches above five feet. She was tall to me. She had that much fire in her. My boldness is bolstered by her sincere belief that I can accomplish anything. I began work on this book before my mother's cancer diagnosis and continued while my siblings and I cared for her. While I prepared to say goodbye. When I say that my mother taught me so much, even in dying, I don't mean what she taught me in those final days and weeks.


I mean, the dignity with which she sat for the 495 days after her cancer diagnosis. She was then who she'd always been loving, faithful, funny. How could I lose her when I still had so much to learn? And each time I set out to write my own story, the only place I thought I could begin was the end. Uzo, thank you so much for reading that and my condolences. Thank you on the death of your mother. Thank you. You know, I, I think we all at some point in our lives will have that moment when we realize that our parents, our mothers are mortal.


And for you, it was also when you realized how clearly that she was you, that there was this imprint of her in you. and I was really struck by that year and a half after she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, that you really saw the dignity in her and her ability to be able to have grace right before she died. In what ways did she show you that? Oh, you know, in, in a multitude of ways. It was the ability to still host and entertain people when they would come and visit her and still do it with celebration.


Even if we all knew she was in pain, it was the way she would express her love to us, faithfully, constantly reminding us that we were the best things she'd ever done in her life. She'd Say that To you? Absolutely. And she'd done a lot. It was in some of her final days, the way that she remained fearless while being afraid, if that even makes sense.


Hmm. The peace beyond all understanding that she displayed, not knowing what's on the other side of life, but still meeting it with the optimism and positive outlook. My mom would always say, you know, you gotta keep a positive outlook and stay optimistic and, and still be that, you know, you can say those things in your life, But to embody it. To embody it when tested, and she was that when tested still, and it made me really proud to know that the woman, I believe that she was, she actually was, This book is a beautiful tribute to your mother and one of the things I thought about when reading it was there's this element of individualism and American culture where we don't really lead with our parent story when we're telling our story, we're kind of told to like, we, it's almost a footnote.


Sure. You know, you ask, oh, okay. Where are you from? Like the fourth, fifth, sixth question. This is really saying, like when we ask who are you? Uzo, you are saying, I am my mother's daughter. Yes. What about your relationship with your mother made it clear to you right from the start when you thought, okay, I'm gonna write a memoir, even before she got sick, that you would write one that included her story. Yeah. I think I knew that I was gonna include her story because so many of the tenants with by which I live and motivators that display themselves in me come directly from her. You know, my, my self-talk, the way that I motivate myself into pursuing this business, not going to audition after audition, the way I prepare for it is built out of language that my mother had given me and my siblings since we were children.


You know, it's her saying constantly to us, I've never heard of nothing coming from hard work. That's what she would say to me all the time. I've never heard of nothing coming from hard work. Like it's like, and when we were kids, you know, you hear and you're like, ah, yeah, okay, she keeps saying that. But then you grow up and you start to see life and you realize, number one, she's living, that you see her through her own conduct working hard and breeding results. Whether that's keeping a roof over the head of five kids and bellies full. Whether that's having moved to this country and achieving not one, but two masters, you know, in social work, whether that is showing up and shuttling us to whichever activity that we needed to be at.


And then coming home after a long day's work and cooking and getting everything ready to check homework, she worked hard and saw the impacts of that hard work and I know that's how I talk to myself, that I say that expression. Even still, she poured so heavily into my cup. My cup is ultimately filled with her. You grew up in, in Medfield, Massachusetts, which it's about like almost 20 miles from Boston, right? Yeah. How did your parents end up there? My dad got a job in Massachusetts and they were in Boston. And then when they realized they were gonna be settling in Massachusetts, you know, more permanently, there were two things that they were looking for.


Number one, they wanted a quiet community. You know, they, but my family immigrated from Nigeria. They didn't grow up in the city, they grew up in the village. That's where, and that's quiet community, small, small town. And they wanted to continue that tradition. Second, you know, my parents have a humble background and couldn't afford, you know, sending kids to a bunch of private schools that was beyond their, and The schools were good there in Medfield and The schools were great. Excellent. And that was really what they were circling and paying most of their attention to. The social aspects and makeups of the community were not things that they were as aware of.


Meaning that you all would be one of the only black families Correct. In your community. Correct. And only African family on top of that as well. The culture dynamic that was so foreign to them, I think being immigrants and having such a strong understanding of their identity, their black identity, their African identity, and having never been exposed to raising children in an identity outside of their own. I don't think that was given the weight in that time that it's given in today's times when we're considering neighborhoods.


Your mom actually said, I never knew there was anything wrong with being black until I moved to America. Yeah. Yes. When did you become aware of the way that your blackness was viewed growing up in Metfield? I think it first started with my hair, as it always does, as it always does. You know, my first real core memory is being in the third grade and we had a neighbor who had really long brown hair, this girl down the street and I can remember one day we were all playing in front of our house and I don't know if we braided her hair.


And then she decided to braid mine. I don't know, but I just know she somehow was now getting ready to braid my hair and she went to put her hands in my hair and She said, Ew, your hair is so greasy. And there was grease in it. Yeah. You know, I mean, 'cause we are laying down the front there, you know? Right. You had a ponytail, maybe Had a po. Yeah. And it had never occurred to me to even attach the word ew to it, that something about it. Not because I thought it, but because she expressed it was bad.


And from that I was also aware that it was different and I had never even thought of it as being different. And then there would add be added layers. You know, I think about my mom so proud. You remember you used to put beads, you braid your hair and you put little beads at the end. Almost in the same variety in the way that the Williams sisters had beads when they would play on the court. My mom used to do green, white, green beads for my sister and I in representation of the Nigerian flag. and I loved those beads. I thought those beads were great. And there would always be someone at school who had something to say about the beads in the hair. You know, why do you have beads in your hair?


Did she ever dress you all in Nigerian? Hagar? Of course, if we went not to school, but I have a picture being in and we're standing in front of our house, the garage, and I'm wearing an Ankara traditional dress that I remember I loved so much and I wore it until it was too small. Like I would squeeze myself into it. I loved so much at the house and, and yeah. And if we definitely, if we went to, you know, a wedding or a Nigerian centered party, something like this, we would wear trad clothes. but it was definitely this understanding, even from watching my parents and their behavior, you would see them put on their western clothes where they're gonna be somewhere that was western centered and then sort of tuck away the, you know, their fu or their glee, You know?


And that was a message to you, like an unspoken message? We don't wear this there. Yeah. In Nigeria, wearing traditional clothes, tra as we call them, or Western clothes, none is more sophisticated than the other. But here the unspoken education was that one is more elevated than the other. And those were some of the growing pains that my parents went through, and that we indirectly also observed and learned depending on the communities we were in. Yeah. One of the things you mentioned is that your, your mother was highly educated, two master's degrees, but she also for a time worked at McDonald's.


Yeah. And as a kid, how did you understand that you actually thought maybe it was for like the Happy Meals or something, the toys, you didn't really realize what was happening? I had no idea what was happening. You know, like I said, money was tight. You know, my, we were in this community that they were scraping to, to keep us in, you know, and give us everything that they could in the American dream. And one part of making that happen at a point when times were tough. And my dad was between jobs and my mom worked at McDonald's and I, you know, you look at, it's funny, you look at things as an adult versus like your kid.


I, she was there because she was trying to pay the bills. She wasn't there for laughs, you know, she was there to support her family. And, but me as a kid, I loved, I would love when we would go to the McDonald's, I remember it was in Medway, right up the road, and we would go through the drive through and she would come and meet us there. and I was, I thought it was the coolest thing. I thought it was the coolest thing. And by the way, there's nothing wrong with working at McDonald's. Absolutely. It's a job you can be proud of and, and take pride in. My mom would was working there and she would come and we'd get happy meals and because she's getting a discount, we would get so many more things than we would ever get when we were work.


You know, just going there before. And This was like the nineties, right? This was like late eighties, early Nineties. Late eighties. Yeah, exactly. So you guys were getting like those glass cups and all types of things. All the different, all The stuff, toys in there. I got cheeseburgers and McNuggets and all these things. and I have a fond spot in my heart for McDonald's because, you know, that helped carry our family, you know, through, through some tough times. And, but all of that to say she, my mom, as I look at as an adult, the lack of ego that my mother had when she was so fiercely protective of her family and would do anything.


and I do mean anything for us with, you know, and was not ever too proud to do any job. The name of your book is The Road Is Good. Which is the meaning of your name. Yeah. Can you say your whole name? 'cause Uzo is an abbreviation. Correct. My full first name is aka, which means The Road Is Good. Yeah. And it has a bit more depth and color to it. It really means the journey was worth it. It means that all of it was worth it. So if you came to come to my house to visit and we were meant to meet at three o'clock, but, and then you step outside and it's torrential rain, and then you realize the tire's flat, so you gotta wait for that.


And there's traffic. And then you run outta gas because of the traffic. And then, oh my goodness, it's four 30 and the rain's still coming. And then suddenly as you turn on to my street, the sun comes out, all the water magically dries up. I open the door. And you're here at 4 45. and I say, and how was the trip? How was the, how was the journey? You'd say it was, Hmm. It was hard, but it's worth it. 'cause I'm here now with you. So it was amaka like, it was, the journey was worth it. The journey was worth it. When did you start shortening your name? When I was a kid, za is a common nickname for aka.


So close friends or family say Oz. And if I hear someone calling me aka, fully even my parents, I know I'm in trouble. That's, Did you ever wanna change it? Oh? my gosh. Yeah. When I was very, very tiny. I had a teacher who told me that my name was too hard to say, and this was already after kids who would be like, oozy, like the gun, you know, like, oh, what kind of name is that? That's such a weird name. and I was always already after, you know, I was the second name in roll call in my, in my school.


And after Dan Abramson, Dan Abramson was first. You still Remember, you know his name, right? Dan Abramson came second and I had a teacher who by the way, did not have the easiest name to say was just incidentally She said she couldn't say it, that it was so hard, such a hard name, Ika, I can't figure it out. And I, I wanted to just, I think at that time, feeling my onlyness wanted to fit in, you know? and I asked my mom if she could start calling me Zoe.


Zoe? Yeah. Was the name Zoe? Where did you get that name from? It was Zo. Zo Zoe. That sounds kind of like, okay. So it was kind of close to, to your name. Yes. Zoe. Instead of Uzo. I was like, that sounds easier. and I think even the teacher said, can I call you Zoe? I was like, this is, maybe this is a good, maybe that's where I borrowed it from. But I was like, Zoe sounds close to that. And she just thought it was the most ridiculous thing. She'd already, by the way, I'm number three of five kids. Yes. My older sister had tried to tried this game once. Her name, she had already been through this. Her name is Oni. She tried to get everybody to call her Tony. and I took Tony and my mother wasn't having it, and she was ready, you know, as the third M and She said and, and Michelangelo.


And that was it. Let's take a short break if you're just joining us. My guest is Award-winning actor Uzo Aduba. She's written a new memoir, The Road Is Good. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the cards purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling the Venture X business card grants access to over 1300 airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture X business.


It's fall. So maybe you're figuring out your Halloween costume or where to get a pumpkin spice latte. And if you wanna know what buzzy movies, TV shows and music to check out this fall, we've got you covered. If You skip it, you're gonna be skipping, I think one of the best shows of the year. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR,


Georgia delivered a narrow victory to President Biden in 2020 on NPRs. Consider this podcast we'll look at where things stand four years later with a new presidential candidate on the ticket. It is enough to flip the election and that is why everybody's Voice is important. Hear what Georgians think about issues like voting access and what that could mean for the election. This week on the consider this podcast from NPR


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley and My guest today is Award-winning actor Uzo Aduba. She's written a new memoir about her life and the impact her mother had on it. And it's called The Road. Is Good. How a Mother's Strength became a Daughter's Purpose. The book takes us through the journey her parents took in the sixties after the Nigerian Civil War, settling and raising a DOA in her siblings in a predominantly white suburb of Boston, Massachusetts. Intertwined with her mother is a DPA's journey. How she discovered acting in the pursuit of her dreams in New York City before landing her breakout role in Orange is the New Black, for which she won two Emmy awards. AA also starred as Shirley Chisholm in the FX series, Mrs.


America. And she currently stars in the coming of age film as Clarice in The Supremes at Earl's, all you can eat, you knew you were gonna tell your mother your parents' story in a memoir if you were ever to write one. But you also talk about how she never really talked to you about her life. She never sat down and told you who she was. How did she talk to you about her life and where she had come from? Yeah, it's not really the IBO or even Nigerian way, maybe it's not even any, any sort of way anywhere around the world, frankly. That's true. Yeah. That a parent sits down and tells you start to finish, cover to cover how the story goes.


How it came to me would be little pieces. We would be talking about something and she would drop a nugget and you'd be like, well, what, what, what, what do you mean? You, you, you were crawling in the, in the bush. And she's like, oh, during the war. And you're like, huh. You know, you're what? Exactly. Go back a couple pages, I must have missed a chapter. And you might get, depending on the day, a little bit more information. And you know, sometimes not, she'll be like, ah, leave that thing. You know, like, I'm done with that and I don't wanna talk about that anymore. You know, that's all I really have to say about that. You know? And it's like, okay, we'll leave it until, you know, maybe a few years later she would pick up.


But then when we were working on this book, when I was writing this and we were sharing and trading stories and talking You And your Siblings? My mother and I. Your mother? My mother. Oh, so You talked to her about this book? Oh Yeah. When you were writing it? Oh, she knew. Yeah, because before I had begun this process before she was ill. So we, when I was talking to her and asking her stories to be like, oh, you remember this, you remember, you know, the energy was always like, yeah, let's talk about it. And then she would sort of go back to doing whatever she was doing because she didn't under, there was no preciousness. We felt in terms of time, you know, she'd be like, oh, it was okay, I'm done with today.


I have to go to my Zumba and be gone. But when she was diagnosed, the shape of her storytelling did change because suddenly now she did want to get into some of this more deep, rich specifics because I think on some level she knew this would be maybe, you know, the final account of her life. And so she did want me, us to know some of the more detailed pieces, the names of some of the people who really were central figures in some of the major events that we had some knowledge of.


You all both kept journals. I think she gave you your first journal, right? Yes, Yes. Yeah. Third grade. And side note, I think the way you described that journal might be the same journal I got with the little lock on it, you know? But before she died, she also gave you her journals? Yes. Yeah. Yes. How many of them were there? Oh, my gosh, boxes. I couldn't even boxes of densely paged, tiny handwriting of journals. You know, I was just looking at one yesterday and that I've not read 'cause I haven't read them all. Mm. and I just opened a page and one of them was like page 252, you know, I've seen another one that's like 400.


And she writes small. And then sometimes if she's running out of pages, she takes a ruler and adds, splits, the lines and then, you know, writes in there. You know. So they're really, really, really, really, really dense. And, and she didn't have her journal with her because she was traveling, you know, there's a paper clip held to the page of the entry because she wrote on a piece of paper that day's whatever event, and then paper clipped it. So it's sequential, you know. What's Your process for going through them? What has it been? Slowly, my process has been, I'm actually, if I'm being truthful, it's, I'm still on the first one, which is like 500, 400 and something pages long.


It took me a minute to start. When I read the first page, I could feel her breath come back into her lungs. And she was alive again, which felt like very voo intense. What kinds of things does she write about? She writes about her kids. She writes about her grandkids. She writes about her day. I didn't know how much she prayed for each of us. Constantly. Constantly. I knew it because She said it, but I really did not know just the length, the depth of those prayers. The journal that I'm on right now, or in the midst of is one, before I started working in film and television, I didn't know how many prayers she sent up to heaven for me to have my dreams come true.


Oh, do you remember what she wrote in there about your dreams? I would just, I, I don't specifically like, I can't say verbatim what she wrote, but I know what she, she was just praying for like peace of mind. She was praying for my stability. She was praying for whatever it is this, you know, is trying to do just God, please give it to her constantly. I didn't know how much she worried for me. You know, always just that I would be okay. And that's true for my other siblings. Yeah, she loved us so much. She was, I say it all the time and I'm gonna say it again.


I did not have a good mother. I did not have a great mother. I had an excellent mother. She took that pact, that initiation into that sacred circle so seriously. And it was everything to her, to our mother and I am just so proud to be the daughter of Naba. Just a second.


Okay. Why don't we take a short break if you're just joining us, my guest is Award-winning actor Uzo Aduba. She's written a new memoir, The Road. Is Good. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air.


Celebrate the women who shaped music history with NPR r's new book, how Women Made Music from Beyonce to Odetta, Joan Jet to Dolly Parton. This beautiful book is filled with interviews, original writing, illustrations, photos, and more. Also available as an audio book featuring interview excerpts with legendary musicians. Visit npr.org/how women made music to pre-order.


Now,


Once again, we find ourselves in an unprecedented election. And with all that's happening in the lead up to the big day, a weekly podcast just won't cut it. Get a better grasp of where we stand as a nation. Every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast, here are seasoned reporters dig into the issues that are shaping voters' decisions and understand how the latest updates play into the bigger picture. The NPR Politics Podcast. Listen on Spotify,


When it comes to your health, shortwave is a science show you can count on. We bring you clear information, rooted in the best research to keep you and your loved ones safe. And well listen to the shortwave podcast from NPR.


Shirley Chisholm was the first black woman to run for president in a presidential primary Uzo. When you were growing up, your mother actually referred to Shirley Chisholm as my fighting Shirley Chisholm. Yes. What did you understand her to mean back then when she would say that? Oh, she would say she meant that she was spunky. Yeah. You know, she had spunk, you know, we were talking about it. I have a recording. Her She said she was, because she was spunky. You Had a recording? Oh Yeah. What was, it was like a family video or No, no audio recording. As we were putting this book together and we were talking and she's like, because she was, she's spunky, you know, and she was talking about, you know, her famous quote, you know, if they don't make a seat at the table, then bring a folding chair.


Yeah. My, my mom loved her and she'd always do these, you know, like she's in a boxing ring punches, you know, when she would refer to her about my fighting Shelly Chisholm, just like this. Yeah. You know, she loved her. I think she loved my mom, loved Groundbreakers. She loved people who were in afraid and I think that's actually exactly what She said about her. She, she was not afraid. She loved her. Those groundbreakers, those people who were willing to go a step further, step outside the bounds and conditions that were told to them they should live by, she absolutely loved her.


And so when I told her I got that job, whoa. She was so excited. Did you tell her, you were almost thinking about not taking it because of her illness? Yes, and she understood, but was so excited that I had taken it. And she would look forward to when I would come home. 'cause we were shooting in Toronto and when I would come back to be with her for treatment, I was going up and down for, during that time she loved hearing about the day's work on set.


Oh, you know, we're, we're doing this scene today with Gloria Steinem or you know, she loved hearing about all those parts or, oh, we're gonna do the convention, you know, scene. And so unfortunately my producers on that project were able to get us once it was complete and early cut of it. So she got, she got to see it, she got to see it. And she loved it. She absolutely loved it. Absolutely loved it. It was her favorite thing that I did. It's her favorite. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna play a clip from it. You won your third Emmy, as I mentioned in the scene, I'm about to play. You are delivering, you as Chisholm are delivering a campaign speech at the 1972 Democratic Convention in Miami.


Let's listen. They say Shirley Chisholm tells it like it is. So I'm gonna tell it like it really is. There are women within range of my voice right now that support McGovern. And there are women that support Humphrey and Wallace and this is your right. But if you are talking about women becoming a political force to be reckoned with, you have to decide whether or not you are going to go with the candidate who cares about women's rights and will go with you all the way down the line for whether you'll support one of the other candidates.


Because it has been the traditional thing to do in this country. Everybody is supposed to be able to run for president. But that has never really been true. Somebody had to do it first. So I did it. I did it because I was the only one who had the audacity to shake the system up. That was my guest. Uzo Aduba portraying Shirley Chisholm and the Hulu series, Mrs. America and Uzo, you really embody Chisholm's.


Look, you had the curly wig, you had the colorful clothes, but you decided not to do her lisp. Yes. That was important to me. You know, my dialect coach Kate and I, we had a conversation about it and we were really thoughtful about how we wanted to approach her from a language perspective, a dialect perspective. We knew that there's probably an overwhelming portion of viewers who may not be familiar with Shirley Chisholm. That's true. Yeah. That unfortunately history had not at that point, given her and from a pop culture perspective, her flowers Purdue.


And so the craft of acting is story first. Right. We wanna make sure that the story is translated and communicated well. And so for that reason, what she was talking about was so much more important than to us, to me, than landing the affect she had on her speech. Mm. Her lisp. That wasn't the thing that we were trying to communicate and get across. What we wanted to communicate and get across through this performance was how powerful and strong she is.


How determined she was to fight for the good of the, the whole. And we wanted her fearlessness to be clear. Yeah. You, You thought the list might be a Distraction to those. It was going to be a distraction because people are already trying to synthesize so much information about her with such a short window of time. They don't have the years to get to know her and then they're tune their ear to her list. Yeah. We, we wanted to make sure who she is. I wanna go back a little bit to your childhood again before we move more into your career.


You talk about when you first realized that you were black, you were different in Medfield with your hair. There was this other thing that happened that you wrote in the book and that was the first time that you were called the N word. What happened? I was in school and these boys who were from the high school or high school was being renovated. So some of the students would come down to the middle school next door to take classes and I was in the hallway and we would trade, you know, just general simple little like, Hey there, you know, I don't know You, I Dunno, you whatever.


Something, some, yeah. Simple little simple thing. And one day I was at my locker and I turned around and here Cam. Cam, these two boys and one of them said to me, Hey you N-word. Did you know him? That Boy? Oh yes. Yeah. I, I could say their names now I won't. Yeah. I know exactly who they both are. and I remember it felt like a bullet had hit me. I've never been shot before. But That's how it Felt. That's how it felt. You actually write in the book, you say to me the word meant, I see you, I've seen you.


You are not like us. When I want to, I can dismantle whatever equality between us you think exists. That's correct. That's exactly right. And he was successful in that way of trying to do that. You know, I was so taken aback, buy it. I didn't even know that kids my age knew that word. Yeah. Did you tell your family? I did not. Why didn't you tell? I, I know, I understand. 'cause there's so much you don't tell your parents. But you know, looking back, why do you think you didn't tell? I didn't tell my parents because when my parents first moved to Medfield, they had been through, I already had gotten indirect education on how difficult it was for them to start in Medfield and more specifically how difficult it had been for my siblings.


And even more specifically, how hard it had been on my older brother. The direct face of racism that he encountered there. and I knew how disturbing it had been, how traumatizing it had been, how hurtful it had been to my parents and my siblings who were just little kids. Yeah. and I had seen also how disruptive I felt it was to my parents. Just trying to make it through the day.


You were trying to protect your parents. Yeah. Trying to make it through the day. Yeah. and I, I remember all of the stuff they had fought through and fought for and it was like, just as it seemed like things had gotten quiet, this happened and I didn't want them to have to start fighting again. My guest is award-winning actor Uzo Uba. She's written a new memoir. The Road. Is Good This is Fresh Air Nervous about the new school year. Whether you're a student or a parent life kit gets it, You're so worried about where you fit in, your body is changing, you know it's braces, it's bras, it's all of the above.


and I think nobody is comfortable For quite a While. Weather those changes with Life Kit's guide on transitioning back to school. Listen to the Life Kit podcast from NPR. Need a binge listen. Check out the latest series from NPRs embedded podcast. It's called Tested. Since long before the Paris Olympics, women in sports have been asked to prove their gender. There was Chitchat about Is that Really a Woman? Listen to tested a new series from embedded and CBC about the history and future of sex testing in sports. All episodes are out now. Every day technology changes how we live.


Shortwave wants you to feel empowered and informed in navigating these new tools. From AI to precision medicine, to quantum computing. Face the future with confidence. Listen to the Shortwave podcast from NPR. This is Fresh Air. And today I am talking to award-winning actor Uzo Aduba. She's written a new memoir, The Road. Is Good, how a Mother's Strength became a Daughter's Purpose. In it, she explores her life growing up in the suburbs of Boston and being raised by her Nigerian parents and the strengths she gained from her mother's life whom she lost to cancer in 2020. Uzo Aduba is a two-time Emmy Award-winning actor for her role as Suzanne Crazy Eyes Worn in the Netflix series.


Orange Is The New Black. She also won a third Emmy for portraying Shirley Chisholm in the series. Mrs. America, I gotta talk to you about this message that you received. You know, there's a story that is a famous story that you almost quit acting right before you got the role. Yes. Of Crazy Eyes and Orange is the New Black. But there's this other part of the story that you talk about in your book where you were just like done auditioning. You were really, you're feeling really dejected. Right? And so you're at home and you turn on a masterclass. Yes. Oprah's Masterclass and I Turn on the television.


And I'm watching Lorne Michaels talk About executive producer of SNL. Correct. And how he founded that show. And he's talking about some, some bee sketch. I just remember it was about a bee sketch and the reviews came out and it was not well received. And he decided he was going to give it another go. And while he's in his confessional talking, he says, I thought I would try again and if I could just keep the faith. He says, and the screen dissolved into, the only thing I can describe it at is is is like a country time lemonade ad. And where all these purples and oranges and reds in the, in the sky and there's a big tree like in a country time lemonade.


And the words keep the faith scrolled by the screen from left to right, in, in. And it all worked by the way, in the format of the and style of the show. Yeah. and I remember seeing that Keep the faith scroll by and I said, oh, that's cool. I really liked that. When this episode is over, I'm gonna take a picture of that and tweet it and I I, I kid you not Tanya. The minute I finished the thought of tweet it, my phone rang. It was 5:43 PM and I got the call saying that I got the job on Orange is the New Black.


and I was jumping up and down because, you know, just an hour or two hours before I had just called you were ready To quit. I had to, I had quit. Yeah. Jumping up and down. My sister came over 'cause I had called her to tell her to come over 'cause I had something to tell her. I'm telling her instead, I'm not quitting. I'm gonna go do this show. I turn off the tv, we wind up talking and eating sushi and drinking wine and having a great time. A week later I realized that I hadn't taken that picture To tweet it. Yeah. And to tweet it. and I said, let me, Because now it has even more meaning. Correct. Exactly. So I said, okay, let me go back and find it.


I fast forwarding at four times speed, can't see it. I said, oh, I'll probably fast forward to two Fast. I said, let me slow it down to two times speed. Fast forward again, two times speed. I don't see it. I said, you know what, it's fine. Let me just watch it like I, it'll feel good to in real time. Right in real time. Just to see it again. It wasn't there. It wasn't there. I know what I saw. I know what I saw. How do you explain it? A piece beyond all understanding. Hmm. What did your mom say when you told her that She believed every word?


She knew it was true. I know it was true. I am a faith filled person and for me, I knew God was real, but like kind of lived in the abstract somewhere, just like out here. But now I knew in my heart that God was real and that it was gonna be okay. And when I think about how life would then progress just a few short years later where I needed more than ever in my life to know that everything was going to be okay, I was really glad that I had gotten that lesson.


Uzo Aba, thank you so much for allowing us to know your mother through your book and also to know you. This has been such a pleasure to talk to you. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you for giving me the space to walk through this journey again. Uzo ABAs new memoir is called The Road. Is Good, how A Mother's Strength Became a Daughter's Purpose. Tomorrow on Fresh Air New Yorker, staff writer Andrew Morantz joins us to talk about the uncommitted movement. In his latest reporting, he takes us to the Battleground state of Michigan. And explores why some progressives say they won't support Vice President Kamala Harris in the presidential election unless she changes her policy on Israel.


I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Chesky.


Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers and Marie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Nadi, Anna Bauman, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producers are Molly Vy Neper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Shorrock directs the show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit, so the cards purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling the Venture X Business card grants access to over 1300 airport lounges. The Venture X Business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture X business


Support for NPR and the following message, come from Visit St. Pete Clearwater, Florida, where fall color seekers can find 35 miles of sugary white sand beaches and emerald green gulf waters. And enjoy fiery red, orange and yellow sunsets night after night. more@visitspc.com.