
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. Today our guest is actor in standup Comic Jimmy O yang. He co-starred in the HBO show, Silicon Valley and the film, crazy Rich Asians. Now he's the star of the new television show. Interior Chinatown, based on the National Book Award-winning novel of the same name. He recently spoke to Fresh Airs, Annemarie Baldonado. What if one of the background characters at the beginning of an episode of a show like Law and Order became the main character? That's the premise of the new show, Interior Chinatown. Here's the beginning of the first episode. It's the back alley behind a Chinese restaurant.


Two workers played by Ronnie Chang, and our guest, Jimmy O Yang are talking while they're bringing bags of garbage to the dumpster. I'm not saying I want someone to die. So what are you saying? Well, I'm saying if someone's already dead, I would like to be the person who find the body. That's weird, man. Okay. You know how in cop shows there's usually a cold open, cold open. The first scene before the main titles. Right? Okay. So for a couple of minutes you fall in this random character who we've never met, who's not one of leads. And part of you is thinking, why am I even watching this guy? Why are you watching this guy you're watching? Because either he's about to get killed or, or you've seriously never seen a cop show.


How is that even possible? Video games and weed. Okay, what was I saying? Somebody's about to find a dead body. Yes. That's the rule. The person in the first scene of a procedural is either a victim or a witness. Holy. Somebody threw away an entire peeking duck with the sauce and everything. You're man. I'm the, you are the one who's hoping it was a dead person. Jimmy O Yang's character. Willis Wu then does witness a crime, and that launches him into the center of the story. The show takes place in an off kilter version of Chinatown, both real place and the setting of a TV police procedural called Black and White.


The show Interior Chinatown, like the book it's based on, is a funny, dramatic, fantastical take on the role Asian Americans play in pop culture and in real life, and it's a perfect fit for Jimmy O Yang. A lot of his comedy is about what it means to be Asian in America. He was born in Hong Kong. His family immigrated to Los Angeles when Jimmy was 13. He found comedy while still in college and started performing in clubs almost every night. His big acting break came in 2014 when he was cast in the HBO comedy Silicon Valley roles in the film's. Crazy Rich Asians and Patriots Day were to follow.


He has numerous standup specials and he wrote a book called How to American and Immigrants Guide to Disappointing Your Parents, Jimmy O Yang. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you so much, Emory. First of all, I'm a big fan, and second of all, I think you should introduce me at every single one of my shows from now on. Okay. I'll be there. That was wonderful. Thank you. I want to start by talking about your new show, Interior Chinatown. I read that when you heard about this project, you felt like you had to get the role of Willis. Why did you feel so strongly about this story? Well, first of all, when I first got the script, I knew that it was based on a book. I love reading books, but I get distracted very quickly and I'm like, oh man, I gotta read the script and the book.


That's a lot of pages. But then I rifled through a book in like half a day. It was just so engaging and I really felt like it spoke to me as an Asian American, as an actor, as an artist, and I think just as, as an outsider, as someone who felt like I was always in the background of my life. and I always have to find a way to sneak in and I'm like, man, this, it almost sounded like the, the book was like, based on my, you know, climb and struggle in my career from Willis, you know, being a background guy, which I was from Willis having a bit part, which I was, I was Chinese teenager number two, you know, I was person in line and to Willis becoming the tech guy, which I was on Silicon Alley.


So I just really connected to the role. And of course the book and the script were so well written by Charlie UII felt really passionate about it. Rarely this a script or something laying on my desk at where I felt a personal connection with. And from then on I was like, man, I gotta get this, I gotta do this. Yeah. The book Interior Chinatown was written like you said by Charles u. He's a writer for TV shows as well as a novelist, and he wrote the book and adapted it for tv. Did you talk about his ideas for the book and also the show, like what he was trying to get across, what frustrations he wanted to address? For sure. Before meeting him, I actually listened to a lot of his interviews, talks of his book, and the man is, is very smart and a deep thinker, you know, and then when I got the part, I started talking to him more and more of what his ambition is about the show and, and how it would, the book would adapt to the show, which is first of all, very rare, right, for a novelist to be the showrunner.


But the show actually I think goes above and beyond the book. You know, the book has a lot, lot of metaphors and surrealism that the show captures, but at the same time, within the show, it's so grounded in reality. What Willis' parents, you know, he has a strained relationship with his father, which a lot of us Asians know, especially different generations who grew up in different countries, and him and his mother trying to get over the grief of his brother. And of course, you know, just the sheer will and want of someone who's been in the background like Willis w and he wants to do more.


He wants to be more and be something else. It's not just an Asian story. There are all these ways the show sets up Asian American stereotypes and then subverts them. Like one example is, it's a small example, but at one point, you know, Willis' character isn't able to enter the police station Yeah. To work on a case and he tries and you just can't get in. But then he gets this idea of pretending to be a delivery guy, and that gets him in so he can start working on the case. And that keeps happening. He becomes all of these background characters, delivery guy, tech guy. And that's just one example, but can you talk about how the show plays with stereotypes like that and tries to invert them?


Yeah, I think first of all, like that scene, it, it, it really made me smile when I think about it. It's almost like a old school physical comedy scene where Willis me, I was trying to get into this door in the police precinct and I can't, like a, a, a Monty Python or something like a sketch. So it made me laugh and I had a lot of fun doing it, but there's such a deeper meaning on, hey, you don't belong here, you know, and then he had to find a lot of ways to like sneak in, which in a way I kind of felt like that in my career. I didn't go to Julliard or NYU like a fancy acting school or something like that. I had to do open mics where I pay $5, five minutes to stage time and then kind of snuck in by doing some commercials.


Even Silicon Valley, which you mentioned, I snuck in on that, you know, I had a two line part as a tech guy, right? And, and then I had to be funny and subvert people's expectation in order to get a bigger part. And then, you know, in season two, I became a series regular. So in a way I think that's very true to my own experience and I think to the Asian American experience, where a lot of times we feel invisible and that invisibility has been internalized, that we don't think about it every day, but we just accepted it. And in a way that's even more dangerous At times. Right? It's like accepting that you're only good for the background.


Yeah. In, in a way. Like, or we're only good for this job or that job, you know, like the tagline of the show, the poster of the show is me getting kicked out of a window, you know, and, and, and, which is a fun scene. I'm not gonna give too much away, but it's break outta your role that, that's the tagline of the show. and I thought it really is that it, it's breaking out of the role that society expects you of. It's breaking out of a role that your family expects you of, you know? And we all have that Asian or not, you know, like my family expected me to be an engineer, a, a a, a good student, a a definitely not a comedian, you know, or, and an actor. And society expects me to be the model minority, you know?


And then I have to prove to myself that this is possible. I read that to get into this character, you bought a beat up Toyota Corolla and drove it around town. That's, why did you decide to do that? And what did you learn? Oh man, that was, that was a very interesting experience. I'm, I wouldn't call myself a method actor, but I do find a process of doing certain things for the character. Very interesting, right? So I was like, Willis has never left Chinatown. He's lived in a SRO all his life and he struggled all his life. I've done that, you know, I have drove Uber, I have been a waiter in a restaurant, many things, but that was years ago.


So I'm like, let me re-experienced some of that, you know? And I bought a $1,500 Toyota Corolla on Craigslist. It barely worked. It was like a 1998. And on the paddle shifter, you know how you have like DR and like neutral for like, reverse and drive. This doesn't have any letters on it. So you have to kind of guess what your shifter is and, and in order to get into the driver's side, you have to crawl in from the passenger. Just the, just the anxiety and the trouble you have to go through to get to work, to get from to from from A to B was very informative of someone who's struggling. But then it was interesting, I showed up to work the first day on set.


I'm the lead of the show. I'm number one on the call sheet, right? I, I felt pretty proud about, about that. I worked all my life to get there. And then when I got to the gate at Fox Studios, the gate guard was like, do you have your id? And then I was like, I, I gave her my ID and my legal name's a little different. So I was like, oh, it's just check under Jimmy. And then she's like, well, your name's not on there. Pull over to the side. You have two minutes. Call whoever people you're here to, to, to see. If not, you gotta turn around. I was like, no, no, no, no, no. I, I'm, I'm, I'm the lead of the show. She was like, I don't, I don't know you. I don't care. Just, just pull over. and I was treated so poorly that really helped me get into character, you know, because I kind of forgot about that, you know?


And, and, and that's the struggle that Willis and many, many people has been through. And that will, you know, either crumble you a light of fire under your butt and, and I think that's what it did for Willis. And, and that's what it did for me. I wanna ask you about your childhood. You were born in Hong Kong, but your parents were from Shanghai. Can you talk about what that was like when, what you remember about being a kid before you moved to the us? There's so much nuance within Chinese culture. Mm. With Shanghai needs parents. I grew up speaking Shanghainese to them. I still speak Shanghai needs to them, which is a local dialect in Hong Kong.


It's its own place. Especially when I was growing up. It, it spoke Cantonese and Cantonese. People love making fun of people speaking Cantonese with an accent, whether it's Shanghai accent, a Mandarin accent, whatever. So I grew up, even in Hong Kong, like somewhat foreign because my parents were from Shanghai. Like my dad would show up to school, pick me up, and they'll come Anglo, which in Cantonese means, you know, the Shanghai guy, you know, they're making fun of him as a foreigner, although he's also Chinese of course. So there's cultural differences, even when I was born in Hong Kong. But I think it, it, it helped shape my, I don't know, maybe linguistic skills to have to learn Shanghai at home, to have to learn Cantonese in school and to have to learn Mandarin in between when I was watching like Chinese TV shows.


Maybe that eased my transition when I moved here to America to learn English. Now, your family, your parents, and you and your older brother immigrated to the US when you were 13. Yep. Your grandparents, I think, and other relatives were already living in the LA area. What was it like when you first got there and your grandparents lived in Beverly Hills, which you thought would be way fancy. You thought it would be fancy? Well, I think, I think there's many sides of Beverly Hills. You know, they lived in like a, like a apartment in Beverly Hills that wasn't very fancy at all. It was like one block away from not being Beverly Hills. And eventually my dad actually used that address as a fake address to get me into Beverly Hills High School.


So I think I, I'm telling you this now, I think the statute of limitation is up. I don't think he'll go to jail. Yeah. They won't revoke your, your Diploma in my Beverly Hills certificate? I don't think so. I, yeah, you know, it was, it was culture shock. 'cause Hong Kong is a big metropolitan, very vertical city. Much like New York, you can walk anywhere. There's life on the streets, there's subways, you don't need a car. Whereas LA is the opposite. Everything is six lanes wide, everything is concrete, strip malls, you can't walk. I think sometimes when immigrants or people of color are growing up, they end up overcompensating. Like in order to fit in, they become like Uber quote unquote American.


Yes. Or try to be extremely mainstream. I think that happens with immigrant kids, kids of immigrants. I know it happened with me at points when I was a kid. Did this happen to you, like in the interest of belonging or assimilating? Absolutely. The one thing that I really loved was hiphop. When I first came to this country, it was so foreign to me in a way. But I was like, wow, this is the most American thing ever. And in high school, I really got into hiphop, I got rap, I started making beats. I thought that would like make me, instead of like the weird foreign kid into like the cool kind of hip hop kid. But of course it's weird, you know, for me to try to rap, like, you know.


But I really kind of dove into that. And then in college I went to uc, San Diego. It was a big Asian population, but there's also like a stoner surfer culture. So I remember I was like, I was, I really got into like the stoner culture thinking that was mainstream America college kid that I want to get behind. And even now, I think inadvertently like inadvertently, I can't even talk today. Inadvertently, Inadvertently. Sorry, English. No, no, It's okay. My Fourth language. No, I know. We are, we learned that. Yes. Yeah. You're fourth or fifth Inadvertently. I'm still doing that. Where I am the commissioner, my fantasy football league.


I watch every single NFL game. I love drinking a course light on the weekend when my buddies or five or six, you know, just to be like really American, you know? I love very American things. Like I want to shop for like a Yeti cooler the other day. And it made me felt like I fit in, man. Yes. What kind of TV and movies did you love as a kid? A lot of the American movies growing up in the nineties, it was a lot of action movies. John Klaude, van Dam, bloodsport, that was the Go-to Hong Kong movie. 'cause they shot part of that in Hong Kong, still one of my favorites. And of course the big movies like Forrest Gump. And my dad was kind of a cinephile, an American cinephile.


Like, I remember him watching Shawshank Redemption. And that had a lasting effect on me. But it's also a lot of local films. For me, it was the comedy of Stephen Chao. It's saying t who later found a lot of international fame with kung fu hustle, chalin soccer. But I grew up watching him and he, he had a deadpan kind of delivery and it's just so, so funny. And then when you moved to the US what kind of stuff were you watching? I think on tv, I really gravitated towards comedies. At first, the Chappelle show was a must watch, you know, if you don't watch it Wednesday, you got nothing to talk about in high school on Thursday.


and I think through Chappelle, I got into standup comedy. He's still like my favorite. Now, when you were watching comedy, when you were in high school, you didn't think though that you wanted to do it yet, did you? Or is that Absolutely not. No, I didn't even think that was a possibility. I just thought, these are what these funny people do on tv. I'll probably just go on to be an engineer, a doctor or something like that. You know, the, the roles that the society has, society has assigned you. But I've always had an inkling like, like an artistic drive to me. I remember when I was a kid, I would go to restaurants and like with chopstick wrappers or like disposable spoons.


I like built little art pieces. You know, it's, it sounds really silly now, but, and then my mom would be like, you're messing up the table, looking at how messy a table is compared to everyone else. But then now looking back, I'm like, I'm trying to make something. I always want to create something, whether it's with chopstick wrappers or a a a a, a pen drawing on my arm. And then when I went to college, I studied economics. Well, first I studied mechanical engineering and then I switched to economics, which was much easier. I just wanted to graduate. I think your joke is that economics is the easiest major that you could do that's still acceptable for Asian Parents. Yeah. That was still appe Asian parents. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That was the joke in my first standup, which is true.


You know, I couldn't do like, I don't know, archeology. I, I don't know. I don't know what is like communications. I don't think my dad would like that economics. At least it sounded real, you know, not to disparage any communication majors out there. So I did economics, but I, I secretly had a minor in theater and music. It never came to fruition. I think you need seven classes, but I took like six classes on each of those. and I, remember, those are the things I got a's at, and those are the things I did the best at 'cause I was passionate about it. And, and then later on, you know, after I graduated when I was like trying to figure myself out, standup was just one of many things that I've tried and it just spoke to me, you know, you can literally create something outta thin air without anyone's permission.


and I thought that was very liberating. Let's take a short break here and then we'll talk some more. My guess is the actor and standup Comic Jimmy O Yang. His new TV show is Interior Chinatown, based on the award-winning novel of the same name More after a break. I'm Anne-Marie Baldonado and This is Fresh Air. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One Of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter. And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read.


It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting, autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This message comes from Capital One, offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services, all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial. A member DC


this message comes from Carvana with Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails, however you value your car, know it's worth with Carvana value Tracker


This is Fresh Air. I'm Annmarie Baldonado, back with actor and standup comedian Jimmy O Yang. He's the star of the new Hulu series, Interior Chinatown, based on the novel of the same name, which was awarded the National Book Award, the author of the book, Charles u, is a TV writer and adapted the book for the screen. It's about what happens when one of the background characters in a TV procedural becomes the main character. Jimmy O Yang's films include Crazy Rich Asians and Patriot Stay. He co-starred in the critically acclaimed HBO Comedy Series Silicon Valley. He's had numerous standup specials and his memoir is called How to American, an Immigrant's Guide to Disappointing Your Parents.


I'm gonna ask you about getting into standup comedy. In your book, you talk about how comedy clubs ended up being like a place where you felt like you belonged and you had community and people were like respectful of your jokes. Like they helped you work on your material and make your jokes better. Yeah, even open my comics, and we still do that now, it's called giving each other tags. You know, if you have a, a tag after the punchline that makes the joke better or switching a couple lines together, you know, I, I listen to my openers sometimes and they'll gimme great ideas that I didn't think of. And yeah, it was just like a sense of community. And the thing about standup, there's no barrier of entry and you don't have to look a certain way.


You know, there's no no certain look like of a standup comedian. It's, it's everyone. And almost it's like the weirder you are, the more like a standup comedian you are. So all the angst and insecurity of me not fitting in in this country, it kind of got washed away on the stage of standup comedy because everybody was on equal footing. You know, it's not about who you are, how rich you are, how tall you are, or ethnicity you are. It's just how funny you are. When was the first time that your parents saw you do standup?


Oh God. And what did they say? Geez, I don't know. I think I invited my dad out to like, when I finally got a showcase at the Laugh Factory. I don't think he came. And then it was later way, way, way later when I was finally doing well and selling tickets in like San Francisco. And then I think my dad came and he loved it, not just for me, but I was talking about him and my set. So like, he was getting a lot of attention and people wanted to take pictures of him too. So, so I think he liked that. Well, it's interesting that originally you felt that you were disappointing your parents by becoming a comedian and an actor, but now your dad is an actor.


I wanna play a clip from one of your standup specials. It's the Special Good Deal from 2020. And you're talking about your dad becoming an actor. My dad is also an actor, but he started acting after I did. 'cause he was like, it's so easy you can't do it. I can, okay. I'm like that fine. If you think my life's so easy, why don't you go to some open call auditions and you understand how hard it's how much rejection I face every day at my job. He was like, okay. And he went to all these auditions and he started booking everything. It's a true story. He, he got on this show in China in mainland China called Little Daddy X Bapa.


Half a billion people watch that show. It's like the big banks theory of China. And Richard blew up and he was like, this isn't easy. I don't know, my plane completely backfire. And my aunt in Shanghai, she watched the show and she'll call the house in LA and she's like, congratulations Richard. You're such a good actor. Did your son teach you how to act? And he's like, no, no, I'm a natural. Oh, that's very good. You and your son, same business. You know, you two are really funny. He is like, no, no, Jimmy's not a funny. And I'm like, dad, that's bullshit.


Okay, you, you got one good role. Good for you. I'm happy for you, but you're not a real actor yet. Real actors. We gotta cry. We gotta laugh. Do you even know how to cry in front of camera? He was like, yes. I just think about how much you suck at ping pong. That's a clip from Jimmy O Yang's Standup special. So how did it actually happen that he became an actor? Exactly. That he, he, I think he has always wanted to be an artist. He, he always wanted to draw the paint. He, he was a film buff and things like that, but to him, truly it wasn't possible when he was growing up. So when he saw me able to do it, he was like, well, let me try it, you know, and apparently there's a lack of older Asian guys in the talent pool and he started like booking a lot of stuff.


And he, he is naturally very good and a very charismatic guy. So he's doing it. If you guys, if need an older Asian dad in your movie, it's called Richard O. Yang. So there's one time where you actually took a role from your father. It was for the show. It's always Sunny in Philadelphia. How did that happen? Wow. You're man, you did your research. I forgot about that. I did, we did have the same agent back then and they were looking for like a, a Chinese scientist that they imagined to be older. I was quite young and I looked quite young also at the time. So I think my dad got the audition first, and it was a lot of pages. It was a pretty juicy guest star role.


and I think he or my agent said, I, I don't know. I just don't know if he's ready for this. Why don't you try it? And then I tried it and I went in and I booked the job. But I, I was very afraid to call him, be like, Hey dad, sorry. You know, I finally told him, he was like, oh, yeah, yeah, no, no, you, you were great at that. It was good. That was your job. So I was like, oh, that, that's nice. And then you did end up getting your dad a job years later when you were in the film Patriots Day. Yeah. That's how he got his SAG card. I think with everything I do, especially when it comes to language, Cantonese, Mandarin, I want it to be very authentic.


But on Patriot Day, they hired someone to play my dad. It was just a simple FaceTime call. And this might sound, you know, weird to you guys, but like, I, I hope it makes sense. Like the dad spoke Mandarin with a Cantonese accent. And that to me is very unrealistic. So I told Peter Berg, the director, I was like, Hey, I'm sorry to bring this up, but it just, this is kind of weird. Nobody will notice except Chinese speakers, but it's weird to me. And then Peter and the story in Patriot Day was based on real people. So he is like, no, no, we gotta make, get this right. We gonna make it authentic. Why don't you sit in a couple auditions with me? I'm like, okay, I can do that. Or you can just hire my dad. You know, he's great.


He's, he's acting in field commercials and things like that and he speaks perfect Mandarin and he is like done, done deal boom. And the next day my dad flew to Boston and he played my dad in Patriots Day. And that's how he got his s card. What is it like working with your dad? Have, have you also have conversations? I mean now you're both actors, do you talk about acting? We do. and I keep telling him to take acting classes. 'cause he is naturally, he's got great instincts and he is really charismatic, but he's like, I'm too old to learn da da, whatever. But I think there's a fear of him. Like he doesn't, he he's afraid of failure. Mm. You know? So he doesn't want to go take a bunch of acting classes and then fail.


That means he's not good. So he just likes stuff that comes easy to him and he loves to accolade in a way. I think he is much more attention seeking than me. And he loves taking selfies and being on, you know, social media. I'm, I had to make him put his Instagram on private. It was getting too wild. But, but he loves all that stuff. And in a way, at first I found it kind of like, I'm like, man, like he's like kind of overstepping into my world that I created for myself. You know? Like, what is the Nepo daddy business? I don't, you know, I don't like it, you know, but now I'm like, if this is what's gonna make him happy, truly if a little bit of fame and recognition makes him really happy and he gets to be a part of my journey as well.


And, and I get to be a part of his, that's really nice. How many people can say they can do that with their father? Like I did a Toyota commercial with him and we were out in the, in the woods in Colorado and even just the four hour car ride there from the airport and stuff like that. We share so many father and son stories that usually we, we don't get to talk about. So, so I felt that was like really nice. So I'm taking a good with the bad. Like I think everything else, like if he wants to take a selfie on my co-stars or whatever, great. Let him do it. Who cares? He's not bothering anyone. But I think the father and son Bond and that extra connection, you, you just, you just, you, you can't recreate that.


and I'm grateful for that. What a gift do you have that you're getting to forge this like, different kind of relationship with your Asian dad? I Know, right? How many of us would've killed for that? I know. And, and I think to go back a little bit to Interior Chinatown, there's a unspoken love between family, especially Asian family members. But we don't ever say I love you. Like there's a scene in the pilot, you see like I've such, Willis has such a strained relationship with his father. You can tell there's a deep love, but there's also such, so much stubbornness and stuff and, and, and the relationship's deteriorated and I think at times in my life, I felt like we don't talk enough and I can't get myself to talk about the sensitive stuff to my father.


But now I feel like because we're doing this, I'm able to have more of an open conversation with him. And it, it's, it's such a blessing that I think a lot of people would've missed that opportunity, you know, and myself included. Let's take a short break here and then we'll talk some more. My guest is the actor and standup Comic Jimmy O Yang. His new TV show is Interior Chinatown based on the award-winning novel of the same name More after a break. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Audible with Beat the Devil, written and performed by celebrated artist David Hare. Beat the Devil follows Hare's Battle with COVID-19 suffering a pageant of apparently random symptoms. Hare recalls the delirium of his illness mixed with Fear, dreams, honest medicine and dishonest politics. To create a monologue of furious, urgency and power exclusively for NPR listeners, go to audible.com/beat the devil and use code beat the devil to listen for free.


This message comes from Showtime original series. The agency on Paramount plus the 10 episode spy thriller features a stellar cast including Michael Fastbender, Jeffrey Wright, Jody Turner Smith, and Richard Gere. Following a covert CIA agent whose career real identity and mission are pitted against his heart stream. The agency on November 29th on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan, visit paramount plus.com to get started.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Anne-Marie Baldonado back with standup comic and actor Jimmy O Yang. You may know him from Silicon Valley and Crazy Rich Asians, or from his standup specials. Now he stars in the new TV show, Interior Chinatown based on the award-winning novel of the same name. My judge wrote an introduction to your book, your memoir, how to American, and you are friends of course. He co-created Silicon Valley, which was the show that you co-star in and was kind of your big acting break. And in the introduction he says that when they cast you, he didn't know that you weren't exactly like your character.


Can you describe your character and how you approached auditioning for that show? I think, I mean, it's a comedy show, so, so it has to be funny. But I think to me, whenever the funniest happens, whether it's on stage on the screen, it's when somebody said, oh, that, that seems so real. You know, it has to be based on authenticity. So I just felt like I knew this guy, whether he's an amalgamation based on people I knew myself when I first came to this country or some of my uncles with that very specific Mandarin accent. I walked into an audition with like socks sandals and like, you know, a really like, I think a t-shirt with like chemical bonds on it.


I just felt like I knew this guy. And then when I got the job and I showed up on set, one of the first discussions me and Mike had, once again it was about authenticity. I was like, Mike, I wanna do a Mandarin accent for this character. I feel like that that'll make more sense. He should be from mainland China instead of Hong Kong. And he was like, I don't, I I don't know the difference. Just do it both ways and then we'll figure it out. And that's how I kind of landed in body of that character was based on my own observations of myself being a, a, you know, an immigrant. And also people that I've seen and I've been around, whether in Hong Kong or in China.


I think, you know, when the show was just starting, there may have been some criticism that they got a lot of jokes out of your character having this fresh off the boat nest. But I think that changed after your character developed over the course of the show. Can you talk about how it felt at the beginning and sort of what it became? In the beginning I was just trying to get a job. You know, there's, like I said, there's not a lot of jobs going around. And then yeah, I, I did see some, you know, writers write about it and a lot of it was Asian American writers and I don't know. It didn't feel good, right? Right. But at the same time, I'm like, well, what am I supposed to do? You just want me to not work. I can just quit and then you wouldn't even have have me at all.


But I I, I remember approaching the role always from authenticity, from a realness and not just making a caricature, but making a real human out of this person. And then as the season transformed and, and, and grew and his character grew, he went from just being the foreign guy to being kind of like the one that always got under this guy TJ Miller's character skin, who was such a bully, you know? So he is like the anti bully and then he himself becomes the bully, which is, I I thought it was pretty cool. And, and it's, it's not about the accent necessarily.


It was about him being more and more three dimensional of a character. In your book you write sort of about this topic that you've talked to Asian American actors who won't even audition for a role if it has an Asian accent because they think that it reinforces the stereotype of Asians being like a constant foreigner. But you disagree. Can you talk about what you mean? Yeah, I think I have a slightly different perspective than people that are born here in America. 'cause I get it, it's very unfair to have that constant foreigner stereotype and it, it is something that we internalize. But I live in a weird in between where I was actually a foreigner.


So how, how can I, you know, lie to myself and be like, no, this person's lame because he was foreign. I was foreign man, you know, and I remember when I first came to the country, sure I kind of expected, you know, white people, black people, Latinos, not to kinda not accept me, you know, in a way. but it was, it was kind of sad that, you know, even Koreans and Chinese people who were born here, ABCs American born Chinese, like they didn't accept me because they didn't want to be associated with me. 'cause I made 'em look foreign too. 'cause I was actually foreign.


So that, that, that, that felt kind of sad. So in a way, I always have a soft spot for immigrant foreign characters and outsiders especially even and outsider within Asians and I think it's, it's a weird policy to say, oh, I don't play anybody with an accent now. Okay, at this point in my career, I could choose to do certain things, not do certain things based on artistically do I feel passionate about this or not. But any day of the week, if say the Danny Man character from Patriot State, come to my desk, I would love to do it. You know, the guy was awesome and he's amazing and he just happened to be an immigrant that had a thick accent.


and I think doing those kind of roles are just as important, if not more at times. In the first episode of Interior Chinatown, there's a fight scene, a huge fight scene, and you know, the trope of, you know, kung fu guy, that kind of character that Asians play in pop culture, that's also part of the show. But what was it like training to do those fight scenes to be an action hero? It was interesting because in the book, and also in the script of the pilot, Willis is supposed to have trained in kung fu all his life, but he's not supposed to be very good. So how do, how do you play that?


So, and then I don't, I I, I wasn't sure if the producer was gonna have me train in kung fu, but I'm like, guys, in order for me to look bad in kung fu I have to be pretty good to at least understand the language of kung fu. It's like learning a new language in a way, right? I've never done martial arts in my life. So I had a trainer, Danny, who was Danny Ma, he's awesome. And I train with him two, three times a week in Wing Chun hitting the dummy, doing the basics. So at least I can look right in the form. And also martial arts is a language, it's a culture in the self. You want to get in that mentality. It's like driving the Toyota Corolla. I want to get into Willis's mentality. Somebody who's trained in martial arts oz life, and then I can still not be very good when it comes to the fight, you know?


So, so that, that was how I was able to make it real. but it was also very interesting growing up. Hong Kong Kung Fu was so prevalent and such a thing that you see on TV and in real life. And of course being Asian American, you know, people almost expect you to know how to do kung fu and I don't know how to do any of it. So this kind of filled up a a, a big void in, in my life and in my culture now at least I can say I can hit a wooden dummy wing Chun style and I'm pretty okay. Finally, Finally, you know, in middle school kids who used to like, make fun of me when I first came to the country and they like, like, you know, bully me and like talk trash, whatever.


But I was, I, that's how I learned to defend myself with comedy. I would talk back, but one time this kid got to me and I don't know what, what like got into me, right? I just full on did turn around, did a roundhouse kick to his stomach, jumped up karate, chopped him in the back of the neck. And this has, no, this was me with no martial arts training and 13 years old. and I just watched enough martial arts films growing up and then all his friends got so freaked out and they're like, yo, don't mess with him. That's Bruce Lee man. and I was like, Hey, you know, if that's a stereotype and and that's a stereotype, they're gonna save me from getting bullied. I'll take it. I will be Bruce Lee for you Jimmy O Yang. Congrats on the TV show and thanks for joining us.


Thank you so much. It's been a pleasure. Jimmy O Yang speaking with Fresh Air's. Annemarie Baldonado, his new TV series, Interior Chinatown premieres tomorrow on Hulu coming up film critic Justin Chang reviews, all we imagine is light This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally and with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one. As a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Grainger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


This is Fresh Air Earlier this year, all we imagine is light became the first Indian movie in three decades to compete at the Canne Film Festival where it won the grand prize. Our film critic, Justin Chang, says it's luminous and affecting story about the friendship between two Mumbai based women. Here's Justin's review of all we Imagine as Light. The gorgeously enveloping new drama. All we Imagine. as Light opens on a warm muggy evening in Mumbai, you feel immediately transported, caught up in the bustle and flow as young men stack crates on the sidewalk. Older women sell food in open air markets and commuter trains rattle their way across a glimmering cityscape.


Over the scene, we hear the voices of unidentified locals talking about how invigorating, but also how draining life in the city can be. It can be especially overwhelming for the many who moved here from distant villages leaving their families behind. The writer and director Pyle Cap Padia, who was born in Mumbai herself, made her first feature a few years ago with a night of knowing nothing. A documentary that blended fiction and nonfiction elements in a way, all we imagine is light. Her first dramatic feature also blurs the boundaries. Some of the stories we hear in that opening sequence were drawn from interviews with actual Mumbai residents.


And Kaia introduces us to her two leads, so deftly and casually that it takes us a while to even realize that they are in fact the leads. One of them is a woman named PBA who works as a head nurse at a hospital. The other is a younger nurse at the hospital named Annu. PBA and Annu are roommates and about as different as can be. Annu played by Divya. PBA is flirty fun-loving, and a little impetuous PBA played by Connie Kuti is quieter and more responsible. She's the one who does most of the cooking and reluctantly agrees to cover the rent when Annu comes up short.


Even so there's a real sisterly warmth to Annu and P'S relationship. And the more they get to know each other, the more their similarities as well as their differences come into focus. Both PBA and Annu came to Mumbai from the southern state of ra, and while they rarely see their families back home, both are still governed by strict expectations, especially of their romantic lives. Anu is dating a young man named Shias, and because he's Muslim and she isn't, she must keep their relationship a secret. pba meanwhile has a husband who moved to Germany sometime ago for work. She's barely heard from him since, and fears that their marriage, which was arranged by their parents is long over.


All we imagine is light, in other words, is about a lot of things. It's about the distances people travel to make ends meet. The difficulty of calling anywhere your home and the way a populous city can feel like the loneliest place in the world. It's about how Mumbai looks and feels during the monsoon season when the rain turns the city into a warm shimmery blur. Crucially too, it's about solidarity between women as they extend to each other, the empathy and understanding that society denies them At a key turning point, PBA and Annu support an older hospital colleague Parvati, who's being forced out of her longtime apartment by greedy developers.


Gender inequality is at least partly to blame. Parvati was widowed not long ago, and any property rights she has seem to have died along with her husband. Parvati decides to move back to her coastal home village and PR Annu come along to help the effect on. All we imagine is light is startling. It's a shock to suddenly find ourselves on a sunny beach far from rainy, crowded Mumbai. It's enough to make PBA and Anu wonder. Do they belong in the rural villages where they they grew up or in the city that has adopted them? And what does home even mean if they can't be with the men they love?


Cap Padia is too emotionally honest, a storyteller to supply concrete answers to these questions. Instead, her filmmaking becomes evermore, sensual, harrowing, and dreamlike as it ushers these women to a beautiful moment of recognition of how much they care for and need each other. Society has placed no shortage of obstacles in their way, but friendship in this wonderful movie can be its own powerful act of resistance. Justin Chang is a film critic at the New Yorker. He reviewed all we Imagine as Light. Next time on Fresh Air, Selena Gomez joins me to talk about her role in the musical melodrama Amelia Perez.


In it, she plays the wife of a brutal Mexican drug cartel leader who desires to live another life. Selena and I also talk about her musical career and her relationship with her co-Stars, Martin Short and Steve Martin, and the Hulu series only murders in the building. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air Fresh Air is Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Theresa Madden. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kle, Monique Nazareth, Thea er, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Schrock directs the show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Progressive Insurance, where drivers who switch could save hundreds on car insurance. Get your quote@progressive.com today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Betterment. Confusing eye contact with a mysterious stranger is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. No more thinking about them more than their thinking about you. Because Betterment will be thinking about you and how to optimize your investments well. You'll be thinking about that mysterious stranger betterment. Be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's Flex FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.