
This episode sponsor is Carvana, which offers the following message. Whether you're looking to sell your car in a hurry or thinking about parting ways with your trusty ride, Carvana is the convenient way to sell your car. Go to Carvana dot com to get an offer for your vehicle in seconds.


This message comes from oia, ready to elevate your everything. Shower, meet o's new aria algae body Wash this pH balanced plant-based formula gently cleanses without stripping your skin, featuring the all natural citrusy fragrance of their bestselling body oil. Aria algae body wash in indulges your skin and senses. Elevate your shower ritual with oea. Get 10% off your first order with code seaweed at OSEA malibu.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And my guest today, Oscar nominated Actor Aunjanue Ellis Taylor is known for her emotionally resonant and nuanced performances. She chooses characters that personally connect with her, that allow her to communicate elements of herself and where she comes from. In 2023, for example, she starred as Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Isabel Wilkerson and Ava DuVernay's film Origin. She was so passionate about this role that when the movie came out, she stood outside of a movie theater in LA in front of a big poster with her face on it, passing out flyers to get people to see the film.


Origin is based on Wilkerson's book cast, where she explores the concept of caste systems, drawing parallels to India, Nazi Germany, and the United States. Ingenue Ellis Taylor says she chose her latest role in the new movie, the Supremes at Earl's All You Can Eat, because it felt like a rebellion against the lack of curiosity Hollywood has had for stories about the lives of black women. In the film, Ellis Taylor plays Odette, the fearless and outspoken ringleader among three women whose friendship spans several decades. Ellis Taylor's co-stars include veteran actors, Ana Lathan and Uzo Aduba. The film is based on a novel written by Edward Kelsey Moore and is now streaming on Hulu.


Ellis Taylor has won several awards for her performances and has been nominated for two primetime Emmy awards and an Academy Award for best supporting actress for her portrayal. And King Richard as Orine Price, the mother of tennis legends, Venus and Serena Williams, alongside Will Smith, who played Richard Williams, their father, ingenue Ellis Taylor, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you, Tanya. Thank you for having me. So ingenue, one of the things that's so fascinating to read about you is about how you choose roles to play, because for a long time you were an actor because you wanted to make money to support yourself and family members who were depending on you, which actually kind of feels like the opposite of why so many people get into show business because typically it's the passion that if folks are lucky leads to the paycheck.


How did the inverse happen for you? I wasn't someone who, you know, knew that they wanted to be an actor when they were young. I mean, I I, you know, it's interesting to hear other actors talk about their origin stories. And a lot of those stories start when they are, can barely walk. They see something and they, they know instinctively that that is what they want to do. And I, that's not, that's not what happened for me. I am from the rural south. I am from a town in southwest Mississippi, and I think a couple of things were at play.


I think I knew that I was a creative person. I knew that there was something weird about me. Lemme just put it like that. Weird, I just knew of something weird and strange about me and why, What was, what was weird and strange. Yeah. Well, I, you know, my grandmother, I, our, our family home, I still, you know, have today that we had a, my grandmother had a Magnolia, Mississippi. Yeah, between Magnolia and Macomb. You know, it's one of those places in the, in the, in that your listeners who live in the woods and, and on farms, you have a zip code that says you're in a town, but you're not really in that town.


You just, you just take the zip code assigned to you. So I'm actually in Macomb, Mississippi, but you know, it's Magnolia Macomb. We had this room in our house and we had two rooms. One was a room that was a study for my grandfather who was a minister. And in that room he had these books and they were, some of them were, one of them was a dictionary that was, and I'm, I'm sure when I was younger, probably half the size of my body. It was so big. He had geography books, he had science books, he had biographies.


It was this world that I stepped into when I went into that study. He had passed before I lived in the house. So all of these books that he had were in this room. It was an escape room, and then we had another house, another room. And in that room is where I would take those books and I would sit in my grandmother's rocking chair and I would read those books. It was world building that I did when I was a kid. And I lived in that. I lived in that world that was prompted by the words that I found found in these books. I was alone in that project.


I don't think my, you know, I, I don't think my, you know, the folks that I went to school with, for the most part, you know, was engaging in that kind of, that kind of life as a child. So that's when I, I knew something was weird and strange about me that I, I, I had my eyes, I had my mind pointed in a direction that I couldn't, I didn't understand. but it was fascinating to me. You went on to Brown University and you studied African American studies, and if I remember correctly, there was a, there was someone there, a professor or someone who saw that you had this ability to act and pushed you in that direction.


Yeah, I went to Tougaloo College in HBCU in central Mississippi. And this man, Jim Barnhill, he used to come to Tougaloo and he would direct these plays. He's actually from Mississippi as well, but he was a professor at Brown. And so he would kind of do it, come to Mississippi and direct these plays at Tougaloo. Me and my friends auditioned for one of these plays and he, from that experience, he said to me, you should consider doing this thing. And I just thought it was absurd because I did not have, I didn't have that example, you know, there, I didn't have that example at all.


There was nobody from Macomb, Mississippi, but from Mississippi that I knew that, that was doing that. I mean, the reality is there were no, there weren't a lot of black women doing that In general. It just felt like a very alien to me. So he, he suggested that, and I will be honest with you, he said, you should leave Mississippi and go to Brown. So I applied to Brown. Somehow I got in, I'm sure with his, you know, putting a big word for me to get admitted into, into Brown. And that happened. And then he said, you know, you should go to graduate school and study acting. And I said, okay, cool. Anything that'll keep me from trying to have to find a job after, after college, I will do that.


Yes, that's, that will stave off adulthood. I will do that. So I applied to a bunch of schools. I got into NYU finished that, and I was able to find employment before I finished NYU. Was it in theater? Your job out of college? Yeah, I had an acting job. And I think that if I did not have that job before I graduated from NYU, I don't think I would've continued to try to try to find acting work. I probably would've done something else. I just didn't believe that it was a reality for me. Did you enjoy theater?


You know, I can I be honest, I'm gonna be honest with you, I love theater. I absolutely love theater. I just don't think that I am a theater actor. And I think that's fair to say. I'm older now, so I can say, you know, I, I'm not, that's, I don't do that. Well, you know, it's not for me. I didn't have the, the best experience being, being a theater actor and the reviewers in New York agreed with me. Oh, no. So, just to clarify, when you got outta college, you were, you were acting in the theater and you were making money, though it was enough for you to continue to get roles, but you didn't enjoy it.


Yeah, I, I was making, I, it was actually before I graduated from graduate school, I got an acting job in, in, in a play. So yeah, having that job saved me from actually going out and doing auditions and doing that. I just don't think that I would have continued down this road if I didn't have that job before I finished school. And, you know, the reality is, is like I said, not only am I from the rural south, but you know, I was, I was, I was a kid who was raised by my grandmother's fixed income. And you know, I, I was, you know, an A FDC kid, I was raised on welfare.


My grandmother used to stand in line to get cheese and peanut butter so we could eat. So to make a decision that would continue and further, I, I would hate to say that I, I grew up in poverty because there was nothing impoverished about my life, absolutely nothing. I grew up in wealth. We just didn't have money for me to make that decision would've been irresponsible for me. I had to break that cycle. And so choosing a profession that had any measure of uncertainty was irresponsible in my eyes.


So I, I didn't give myself permission to do that. It wasn't until you started getting offered roles that reflected who you were, that you started to have a passion for it acting. When did it become a purpose? Was it a particular role? I think what happened was that a family member of mine, my mother got ill and she couldn't live at home by herself anymore. And I was in New York, really kind of flailing around. And my sister got married, and I wanted my sister, my sister had been staying with my mother for a long time.


And I wanted my sister to have a life. I wanted her to live with her husband and my nephew and have a life of her own. So I moved back home to Mississippi to be with, to be with my mother. And something switched in me, something turned in me. I was back at home. I was with my mother. I was back in the house that I was raised in. I mean, I was always there. I was there a lot, but I was living there now, right? My male came there, and it was an urgency that took over. And my income was being used to take care of my mother.


I needed my mother to be as comfortable, to be as healthy as she possibly could, living with a disease that she would eventually die of, which is Parkinson's disease. And so to do that, I had to, I had to switch how I thought about this thing called acting, because even though, you know, it may not have been my first love it, I didn't think I was particularly good at it, but somehow I kept getting hired for these jobs. So I said, okay, if these people gonna keep hiring me, guess what? I'm going to go uterus to the wall with it and do the thing because I have to take care of my mother.


And the other part of it is, is I was back in Mississippi, and so I was back in a place where to go to the grocery store, go to the drug store to go get gas, I would have to drive by confederate flags all day, every day. Now, if somebody put a Confederate flag in the middle of Brooklyn or the middle of Los Angeles, it would be a riot. But I live in a place where confederate flags and the flags of the KKK are everywhere, everywhere. And so the other part of it is, is I knew that I could not, this was unacceptable to me.


It had always been unacceptable to me, but it was a sleeping bear, right? And so I had to wake that bear up. And the way to wake that bear up was to use that money that I was getting from these jobs and do this sort of work that I was doing to wake that bear up. One of the things that I did was, and this is when I first got back home, one of the things that I did was I purchased a billboard on Highway 55 in Jackson, Mississippi, which is the capital of Mississippi. I purchased a billboard and I had written on the billboard, we Shall Overcome the iconic sung from the Civil Rights Movement.


I had it written those words, I had them written in Confederate flags. What was the message that you were trying to give? I mean, people, black people and white people were kind of upset by it. Oh, yeah, yeah. This, this man who had a store in the mall, and his son was making, making t-shirts. And these were black, this is a black man and a and a black, you know, had a black son, obviously. And this, he was doing making, making t-shirts and printing some of these T-shirts and sweatshirts with the confederate flag on them.


So I went to that store and I confronted them about doing it because I was astounded that, that they would do, they're participating in something that celebrates black genocide. And so I, I, I confronted them about it. And then he said to me, he realized through the conversation that he was having with me, he said, you are that woman who put that billboard on 55, on Highway 55. I said, yes, I am. And he's, he just went in on me. He was so angry with me because he felt that I defiled something that was sacred because I put confederate flags with written, I wrote, we Shall Overcome.


And I did it with confederate flags, and he felt I was desecrating, we shall overcome by writing that anti anthemic phrase in confederate flags. He thought I was desecrating, that that's the exact reaction I wanted him to have, because I wanted them, I wanted black people to be angry, and I wanted white people to be angry. And I got both reactions. That was your first sort of billboard campaign? It was just, was it just one billboard? Just one billboard For that? Yes. And then what's funny, 'cause I wanted to do more of 'em, but they got, they got hip to me, so they stopped.


They stopped, they stopped it. All the companies, when I would call, say the, the companies, because the companies, yeah, they were refusing me. Companies like Lamar, they would, I would call them, I would try to, I would try to get somebody else to call. So it wouldn't be me, because they didn't necessarily know it was, you know, they don't know me from Adam, but they know that they knew about that billboard and they, they didn't, they, they, they tried to stop me in every way that they could. But a few years later, then you had another billboard in Florida. Can you tell us about that one? Last summer, this was after Roe was overturned.


I did a panel or something, and in the panel, you know, I, I said that I've had a, I've had an abortion, and I was sitting next to someone, and as they were talking, I could tell that they were uncomfortable saying that they had had one as well. And so within their conversation, they revealed that they had had one, and there were family members in the room. And, and they said, nobody knows that I did this. I'm actually telling my family members as I'm saying this, that I had an abortion. And I realized, okay, there's so much shame around this. And I think that if more, more women were would say, would talk about their reproductive histories, no matter what, whether they had the child or not had the child or cho whatever they chose to do, that it would, it would shift the conversation around it.


And so, 'cause I lacked the billboards, I did another billboard and I wanted it to be in Florida, and I wanted it to be in the backyard, in the front yard of, of Ron DeSantis. What did it say? My name is Annu Ellis and I had an abortion. What was the reaction? I didn't get a whole lot of reaction. And also, the other thing that prompted that is that my family and I went on a family trip to Disney World last summer. And if you drive, if you drive down any highway in, in Florida, every other billboard is, I I believe it's intimidation.


It is some, a billboard saying, you know, what would Jesus want you to do with the baby? You know it, every other billboard is like that. And ultimately, I didn't get a lot of reaction. I'm going to continue to do these things, but I just gotta make sure that people know that I'm doing that. But for me, it wasn't so much about the reaction that I got, it was, I was reclaiming space. I was claiming space. So if I had that billboard saying my name Isis, and I had an abortion, that was one less billboard that they could use to intimidate women. Our guest today is Oscar nominated Actor Aunjanue Ellis Taylor.


We're talking about the new movie she stars in, called The Supremes at Earl's, all you can eat more of our conversation after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with just one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R-L y.com/podcast. Easier said, done.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Comedy Central's, the Daily Show, reminding you that not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate may be hotter than ever, but John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense every weeknight. Comedy Central's the Daily Show continuing 2024 election coverage weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central,


The Constitution, our founding document says a lot about how our country has evolved and who we want to be, but it's not set in stone. So for the next month, we'll be digging into the history behind some of its most pivotal amendments. Listen to we, the people on the Through Line podcast from NPR. I wanna talk a little bit about your latest movie, the Supremes at Earl's, all you can eat, because it reminds me, it sort of reminds me of classics like Fried Green Tomatoes and waiting to Exhale because it's tender and it's complex. It shows as bets.


It can, you know, at kind of like a 360 degree look at a woman and women characters interacting with each other. And you play the role of Odette, who's best friends with two other women who together, the three of you call yourselves as Supremes. It's a nickname given by Earl, the owner of the diner, where you all would hang out. What did you love most about this story and your character in particular? Well, on a practical, on a practical level, I, I just looked forward to working with women, having scenes with women.


A lot of the work that I had done prior to that, I hadn't been any, done any work with women. I hadn't been in any scenes with women. So I was just excited about the prospect of that. I was excited about working with Tina Mabry, another Mississippian who directed a film called Mississippi Damned. And it was just so good. And Tina has said this and I, I echo it and it all actually echoes a conversation I had with a friend of mine earlier this summer. And we were talking about how we don't necessarily relate to traditional movies that are about romance because they come from, you know, very hetero approach, a very hetero angle.


You know, it's all about a woman and a man and, you know, it has those tropes and you know, I'm a queer woman, so that adds to, you know, my just being sort of like, when you gonna tell stories about, you know, women, you know, being in love. So there's that. But the bigger thing is, in addition to that, is that we were talking, my friend and I were talking about how we feel that friendships between women are as complex and as you know, tormenting and heartbreaking as any Love story. Yes, they are love stories.


They are love stories, they're great romances. And as someone who has had, you know, friends that have come and they've gone, you know, friends that have passed away, it is a heartbreak, but it is more heartbreaking actually sometimes is when, you know, some girl or guy, you know, decided to kick me to the curb. You know, it is as significant and we don't give it that kind of space in media. And that's why I appreciated the story so much. I was thinking about how you said this movie is a rebellion against the lack of curiosity about the interior lives of women and black women in particular in Hollywood.


And its forces like that, that actually create the beauty of friendship and excellence that we see on the screen. It's a very interesting dynamic. I mean, do you see it that way? Yeah, I do. I I I think that we, we come together in the margins, you know, What do you mean by that? When you are living in a world that refuses to value, you refuses to see you, you look for the eyes that do, and you know, we all, we all have those people in our lives, those black women in our lives.


If you are a black woman, you know, you, you have that community of women that can be built around. We see each other, we see each other. We value each other. We find each other glorious. We celebrate each other. We, we cheer each other. We, we we defend each other against a world that refuses to, that refuses to acknowledge sometimes our lives. Yeah. And there's tremendous power in that. There's tremendous power in that. Let's take a short break if you're just joining us, my guest today is Award-winning Actor Aunjanue Ellis Taylor.


She stars in the new film, the Supremes at Earl's, all You Can Eat, which is now streaming on Hulu. We'll continue our conversation after short break. This is Fresh Air,


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one proven platform, helping you reduce it costs, maintenance costs, and manual errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move to NetSuite backed by popular demand. NetSuite has extended, its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Saatva, who reminds you it's decision time in America. Time to decide if you want to continue sleeping on a worn out mattress, or if you want a better night's sleep, Saatva crafts mattresses to lull you to sleep and to keep you sleeping soundly. And they cost a fraction of the price of retail. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save $200 on orders of a thousand dollars or more.


Today we're talking to Oscar and Emmy nominated Actor Aunjanue Ellis Taylor. She stars his Odette in the new movie, the Supremes at Earl's, all You Can Eat. It's a coming of age film about the lives of three women whose friendship spans over decades. Angen Ellis Taylor also starred in Ava DuVernay's 2023 film Origin. In that film she plays Pulitzer Prize winning journalist. Isabelle Wilkerson Origin is based on Wilkerson's book cast, where she explores the concept of caste systems, drawing parallels to India, Nazi Germany, and the United States. Here's a clip from Origin. And in this scene, Isabel Wilkerson is at a small dinner party in Germany.


They're talking about the differences in parallels between the US and Germany. The German host speaks first You have 900 shootings the week it seems in America, and you keep giving people guns. I don't understand it. Oh Dear. We don't even understand it ourselves. We don't understand, you know, I, I heard here that displaying the swastika is a crime. Hmm. Three years in prison. Yeah. Yes, that's true. I mean, it's not tolerated Well in America. The Confederate flag, which is like your swastika, the flag of murderers and traitors, it is a part of the official flag of one of our states, no Mississippi men who wanted to wage war for the right to own other human beings, statues of them sprinkled all over the country.


Right now That's Ingenue Ellis Taylor and Ava DuVernay's 2023 film Origin and Ingenue, the, the host then goes on to kind of refute this comparison between Nazi Germany and American racism. And is it true that in that moment you all actually rearranged that scene? Yeah, we did, but ultimately we did it as written and you know, Ava and I kind of had a, you know, bit of a disagreement I wanted, I wanted Isabelle to have the last word in that scene. Ah, I wanted that real bad. Yeah. But Ava didn't want that, you know? Yeah. You know, and, and, and I think it's, it's, it's important to know that this is actually more of these words are belong to Ava than they do, than they do Ms. Wilkerson.


That these, this whole idea of what happened, you know, here is, is in over across the middle passage is tantamount to genocide. It is genocide and it's a genocide that continues because, you know, Sonya Massey died two weeks ago. So that was Ava's voice there. And, and I just, I think it was a significant, significant moment. Yeah. And it, you know, it was cool for me to be able to be from Mississippi and to say those words about Mississippi. And she let me, you know, she let me, you know, put in a couple, couple lines there, Isabelle, in the film, she loses both her husband and her mother within a short window of time.


And it was through this character that you allowed us a window inside of her personal grief. And I think you actually have said it's one of your unfortunate gifts as an actor to accurately portray grief and you actually enjoy it. Can you describe that satisfaction that you feel in being able to articulate grief so well? Well, I mean, I, I say that I, it is something that, that I bring with me to work because I live with loss. I don't think there's a person alive right now that, you know, are going through the last few years that we have gone through as a, as a world, as citizens of the world.


We all are, are suffering loss. Even if we don't know anybody who personally died. We know what loss that we've experienced just in a way of life. Just certain things that we took for granted that we can't take for granted anymore. And I told a friend of mine recently, I said a new friend, I said, to know me is to know that I miss my mother. So that is what I am, it is a part of my identity. I am living the rest of my life without my best friend. That ain't so good. So I bring that to work with me every day. What makes it a gift is that I get to utilize that or appropriate that in the service of portraying the brilliance that is Isabel Wilkerson.


That is the gift I want everybody in this world to know who Isabelle Wilkerson is. Isabelle Wilkerson is an academic, she's a journalist, she's a scholar and her book cast. If you are not a reader of nonfiction, you may not know who she is. You may not know of the book cast. But in terms of the importance and the significance of the message of that book, every citizen of the world needs to know about that. So to be the face of that man, come on, come on. Can I ask you about your mother? Yeah. You recently, a few years ago, added her last name to your name.


You were Ingenue Ellis, and now you're ingenue Ellis Taylor in honor of her. How did you come to that decision? Well, it was the anniversary of her departure. And you, I just, I just felt what I feel every year, which is just a, you know, something ain't right, something is wrong, you know? When did she pass? She passed away April 4th, 2019. Yeah. I'm sorry for your loss. Yeah, no, no, no, no. Hey, listen, we all got it.


And you know, every mother is a mother, but every mother isn't a friend. And my mother was my best friend, so that's why I carry, carry it with me, you know, in the, in the way that I do. But yeah, I, you know, my father, I don't know him very well, I don't know him at all. And I said, you know, I, my name gets called in all these like top flight places, you know what I'm saying? Like, when they called my name out at the Academy Awards, they said his name. And I was like, I don't know that dude. I don't know him. Why should he get the glory? So I said, I need to carry her name with me so if something good happens, you know, I want her included.


You're close with your mom and also your grandma too. Your grandma also raised you too, right? Yeah. They, they did some co-parenting. I thought it was interesting how you said your grandma showed you her belief in you, not through words, but through actions. What were some of the ways she did that? So she wasn't someone who was, you know, particularly like, girl, you can do it. That's not what she did. But I'll tell you this little story. I've told it before, they had a program, 'cause we were always having programs in the Baptist church. We had a program and it was on a Sunday night. And I had a poem that I was assigned to read that recite that night.


'cause we didn't read anything. You had to recite everything at New Holland Baptist Church. So I was, I had a poem that I had memorized, and I was going to say it that night. And there wa it was a torrential rainfall. We lived on a dirt road and I said, grandmama, I want to go to church tonight to say my poem. And She said, girl, it's raining. We can't, I don't wanna do that. I don't wanna get caught in the rain. It, I mean, it was terrible. The weather was horrible, but I don't, I was a kid. I don't know about that. I didn't care. I just wanted to save my poem. So we got in the car and as we were leaving out of the house to go to church, the car got stuck in the mud.


And my grandmother got out of this car and pushed that car out of the mud and took me to church so I could say my poem. So my grandmother never said to me, girl, you gonna be somebody. But she, she pushed that car outta that dirt so I could go say my 10 line poem at church on a Sunday night. So I didn't need her to say it. She showed it to me. She showed it. Hmm. Who named you an Janu?


My mother. Yeah. She, she had a lot of kooky friends and hate Ashbury in San Francisco, and they came up with it. I'm sure they were high. I'm sure, I'm sure some, some, some something was being smoked at the time. But yeah, You still have a strong presence, connection in Mississippi. And my grandparents on both sides come from Mississippi too. And one thing I've always known is that they fled because they were forced to during the Great migration because of the lack of opportunity and racist terror.


But it's not like they wanted to. And if they could have, they would've built a life there. You, you could live anywhere in the world. You choose to continue to have to hold space there to make it your home. That feels like a, a radical act. Do you, do you see it that way? Why, why do you still, when you could live anywhere else in the world, choose to make that your home? Yeah, my, my aunts and uncles, my mother, they all left and all of them wanted to have other choices. My other economic choices, their, their father went through, went through hell.


His church was bombed, and he was arrested for bombing his own church. Wow. So, you know, they wanted to, they wanted to get away from that. With the flight, with the Exodus, what it did is it made space for forces that could, you know, occupy the space and, and, and turn it into what it is now, which is a new Confederacy. And I have to fight against that. And one of the ways to do that, it's just to be present.


It's just to be present. It's not even, it's not even being political. You know, I've, I've done political stunts and that kind of thing, but it, it is just to really be present, it really is. Like, I hear so many stories of my friends who had my grandmama's from my uncle and them. They stay, they, we got land down there. We got land. And I tell them all the time, you need to go back. Mm. Go back, register to vote, go back. Because that is the way that we can turn it around, is we have to be present. We have to be present. So for me, that's what it means. It means just, I have to be present there.


I just can't let them have the space. I can't let the confederates have that space. I have to be there in order to fight that Ingenue, this was such a pleasure to talk with you. I could talk with you forever, but thank you so much for this conversation. Oh, thank you. Thank you for, for wanting to talk to me. I really, really appreciate it. I'm telling you, Fresh Air was a dream of mine and you made it come true. And I thank you


Ingenue Ellis Taylor Stars in the new film, the Supremes at Earl's, all you can eat. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Coming up book critic Maureen Corrigan reviews A Wilder Shore by Camille Perry This is Fresh Air


On this week's episode of Wild Card musical icon Ani DeFranco. I get a lot of, you know, I loved you in the nineties, you know, it's a lot of, ah, in high school, you know, we're both 50. She lets me in on the secret to reinventing yourself when you feel stuck in a certain box that's on the Wild Card podcast. the game where Cards Control, the Conversation,


The candidates for November are set. I know Donald Trump's title Between now and Election Day, we are not going back a campaign season unfolding faster. Kamala Harris is not getting a promotion Than any in recent history. Make America Great again. Follow it all with new episodes every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast.


If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But our podcast, the Indicator from Planet Money, We are a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the day And about the forces that affect your life In 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from Planet Money from NPR,


Our book critic Maureen Corrigan says that summer is a great time to lose yourself in a big biography. And she thinks she's found a wonderful one. Here's Maureen's review of a Wilder Shore by Camille Perry As a portrait of a marriage. It's bizarre. I'm talking about the dual portrait John Singer sergeant painted in 1885 of Fannie and Robert Lewis Stevenson. Lewis, whose first novel Treasure Island had been published two years earlier, is captured pacing in a darkened room, tall and thin. Lewis looks every inch like an insane stork, which is how fellow writer Henry Adams described him.


Lewis stares out beyond the confines of the portrait at us, the viewers as if to share an idea. He's just had Fanny sits barefoot on a chair at the opposite end of the room, all but shrouded like a piece of furniture in a golden Indian, sorry. No fool. Fannie recognized sergeant's depiction as yet another attempt by an admirer of her husband's to diminish her I am, but a cipher under the shadow. She complained to Sergeant Camille Perry's lively and substantive dual biography of the Stevensons called a Wilder shore Whisks.


Those obscuring draperies off Fanny and restores her to full personhood. But Perry aims for something even more ambitious in this biography than a feminist recovery of a mostly forgotten wife, of a famous writer. In her introduction, Perry describes her book as an intimate window into how the Stevensons lived and loved a story that is at once a travel adventure, a journey into the literary creative process. And I hope an inspiration for anyone seeking a freer more unconventional life.


Inspiration is something of a quaint term these days in circles, and yet it's always been an abiding draw of biographies. Speaking for myself after reading a Wilder Shore, I'm inspired to do two things. I wanna reread Robert Lewis Stevenson's. Three great works of fiction, treasure Island, kidnapped, and the strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. And I wanna schedule a seance with Fannie to get some one on one instruction on how to live more fearlessly as a woman.


Perry opens a wilder shore with a scene that could have been written by Lewis, but instead was lived by Fannie In. the summer of 1875. She and her three children and their governess rushed aboard a train in San Francisco to cross the country and catch a ship in New York Harbor that would carry them to Belgium. This was no pleasure trip to reach their destination. The little band rode a wagon through floodwaters, but Fannie was desperate to escape her humiliating marriage to a prospector who lived openly with his mistress.


With the little money shed earned by sewing. Fannie planned to enroll herself and her teenage daughter in art school, hurtling into the unknown. Put the 36-year-old, still married mother of three in the orbit of Robert Lewis Stevenson, a sickly Scottish writer who was 10 years her junior. It was love at first sight, at least for Lewis Perry says that Fanny likely saw their affair as something that could not last for him, though sexual intimacy with Fanny was not simply a romp with an older woman, it cemented his emotional commitment to her, a kind of role reversal that is striking for a Victorian man.


Of course, the Stevenson's Union caused dismay among Louis's friends who disparaged Fannie for her age, her Americanness, her short hair and cigarette smoking, and most virulently, her olive skin. As convincing as she is about the progressive relationship between the Stephensons Perry is also clear-eyed about the fact that Fannie still got the somewhat shorter end of the stick. While Louis respected Fannie as his best critic, he also assumed she would handle the mundane household routine and provide nursing care.


Louis's undiagnosed illness. He chronically coughed up blood, did have the upside of broadening the couple's life through travel in search of a healthier climate. They spent their final years together before Lewis's death in 1894, at the age of 44 in Samoa. Fannie lived on for 20 more years writing, traveling, and attracting male proteges. No doubt her contemporaries derided her for that too. But thanks to Perry's vivid biography, Fannie has the last fearless laugh.


Maureen Corrigan is a professor of literature at Georgetown University. She reviewed a Wilder Shore by Camille Petty. Tomorrow on Fresh Air author and scholar, Frank Goriti joins us to talk about his new book, the Stadium, an American History of Politics, protest and Play, where he chronicles how stadiums are our nation's public squares and the battle over race, class, gender, and sexual identity. Join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham.


Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Sam Rigger, Lauren k Crile, Annemarie Baldonado, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chaloner, Susan Nadi, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Neper and Sabrina Seawert. Roberta Schrock directs the show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya. Moseley


Support for NPR comes from this station and from National Geographic Linblad Expeditions committed to connecting travelers deeper into the wonders of planet Earth. From Antarctica to the Galapagos Islands, more@natgeoexpeditions.com slash cruises.


And from Workday with AI at the core of its system, Workday is committed to delivering continuous innovation to prepare organizations for what's next. Workday and enterprise platform for finance and HR rock stars


support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover when you hear a good idea, it's natural to do a double take. Check this out. Discover will automatically double all the cash back you've earned on your credit card at the end of your first year. See terms at discover.com/credit card.