
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terri Gross, our guest, British actor Stephen Graham Stars and not one, but two new shows, Hulu's a thousand Blows and the Netflix miniseries Adolescence. He spoke with Fresh Air producer Sam Brier. Here's Sam In the historical drama, a thousand Blows. Stephen Graham plays a bare knuckle boxer in Victorian London, prone to rage and more likely to beat you up than have a conversation with you. The show was created by Stephen Knight, who also created Peaky Blinders. Something you may have caught Stephen Graham in its final season playing the character of Union Man, Hayden Stagg. The other show that Steven Graham is in is Adolescence one he co-created.


It's a four part miniseries following what Happens to a family when their 13-year-old son is arrested for murdering a girl from a school. It's a devastating show, very difficult to watch and very difficult to stop watching. Graham plays The Father Eddie, trying his best to be a good parent, but maybe not doing enough Adolescence is a show is not interested so much in who is guilty. But Why do these kinds of things happen? Is it the family's fault? Is it bullying? Is it part of a kind of toxic masculinity young boys can find on social media while they're sitting alone supposedly safe in their own bedrooms? The show is remarkable in many ways, but one of them is technical.


Each episode is a one take. There are no edits. The camera is turned on at the beginning of the episode and turned off at the end. They're like plays, but moving throughout different locations and scenes, it adds an urgency to the drama. You may have first seen Stephen Graham in the Guy Ritchie movie Snatch playing the role of Tommy Jason Statham sidekick. His breakout role was playing combo, a white nationalist skinhead, and this is England. He's been in lots of other movies and TV shows, but some recent memorable ones were his portrayal of Al Capone and Broadway Empire, and as a mafia and union head in Martin Scorsese's movie, the Irishman, where he steals some scenes from no less an actor than Al Pacino himself.


Before we start talking, let's hear a scene from adolescents. This is from the first episode where the police have raided the family's home, arrested the son Jamie, and taken him to the police station. Here's Steven Graham, who is in shock, is asking Jamie's court appointed lawyer, played by Mark Stanley, what he can do in this moment of crisis. Excuse me, mate. Yeah, I am, I haven't got a clue what I'm doing here. I don't know what do this say. Just Don't answer for him. Alright. Just, just be yourself. They know you're his dad, we know you're his dad. It's, it's okay to process. It's okay to be shocked and it's, it's okay to be human, Right?


Yeah. I mean, this, this isn't normal. Do you know what I mean? No. Never even been in a police station before. You'll be fine. I just, I just don't want to get it wrong from Mil land, you know what I mean? You'll be fine. That's a scene from adolescents starring my guest, Steven Graham. Steven Graham, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. What a wonderful introduction. Thank you very much. So the show Adolescence was actually your idea. You came to your co-creator Jack Thorn, with the idea. What was it that you were thinking about that you wanted to explore on the screen? It happened a while ago, to be honest with you, Sam.


I read an article in the, in the newspaper, which it was about a young boy who had stabbed a young girl to death, and it just made me feel quite cold. And I was stunned by, you know, what I was reading. And then about three or four months later, there was a story on, on, on the news, on television, and I was watching it, and it was, again, it was about a young boy who had stabbed a young girl to death. And this incident was a, is the opposite end to the country, to the first incident that I'd read about. And at that point, if I'm completely honest, it really hurt my heart. But in that moment, I, I judged the parents and I instantly said to myself, you know, oh, it's, it's gotta be down to the parents.


And then I stopped myself and tried to be mindful and, and question the fact that what if it's not? Maybe I shouldn't be so judgmental. What if it's not? And from that basis, from that premise, I just thought, well, Why is this happening? Why are we in this situation where, you know, young boys and they are young boys, they're, they're not men, you know, their brains haven't been fully formed yet. They, their, their physiology is not complete as yet. You know, Adolescence is a very difficult ages, as we all know. Do you know what I mean? You, you go through a, a lot of different things physically, mentally, and, and even spiritually in, in, in the, in the greater scheme of things. You know what I mean? But my main question was why, Why is this happening?


And I guess that one, one of the things that you, you're exploring why, but you're not, it's not a didactic show. You sort of let, Of course The feelings and the issues sort of stew there, but you're not resolving them. No, not at all. And, and, you know, ultimately I think, I think that's one of the main themes of the show is that they can't be resolved. And, and we don't have the answers. There's a wonderful saying, which is it takes a village to raise a child. And within that kind of complexity of what that says to me, within what we are doing, it's kind of like maybe we're all accountable. And that comes down to, you know, the parenting maybe how we, how we paired into our children, the school system, how the education system guides and tries to educate our children, the government, you know, how they can bring in legislation, the community and the environment of where we live.


And then on top of that now, which was something that me and you never had to suffer from and our parents never had to think about. But there is now this big thing called the internet when a child closes the door back in the day when it was me and you, we didn't have access to the rest of the world and we couldn't be influenced dramatically by other people in their thirties and their thought processes. So that was what we really wanted to look at, you know what I mean? Maybe we're all accountable in some way for what is happening today in, in our society. So your character Eddie is a successful businessman. He has a, a, a plumbing business. He's lifted himself up in the world. He's trying to be a good husband and a good father.


And you say that you based him to some degree on your uncles and your friend's fathers. What was it about them that you took For me, Eddie, the character that I play, that I wanted to make him more like that kind of archetypal man in a way. The the kind of men that I was brought up with, like my uncles. And like I've said, you know, my friends' fathers and stuff like that, who are beautiful, wonderful men, hardworking men who go to work say maybe six o'clock, seven o'clock in the morning and don't manage to get back home till gone 6, 7, 8 at night. You know what I mean? So the kind of area that they live in is, it's a really nice housing estate. Do you know what I mean?


It's, it's, it's, it's, it's a well todo area in many ways. It's not, it's not, it's far from upper class and it's, you know, it's, it's a working class household in a really nice area. So I wanted to, to concentrate on the fact that they come from a good home. And there's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of love in that home that the mother and father primarily are doing the best for their children. And his sister is a, is an a level student, you know, she, she's a really hardworking, conscientious student because it's unconventional for us to follow the story through the eyes of the family who are the, from the perpetrator. Normally, as you can imagine, it would be the victim side of it, and rightly so.


Do you know what I mean? In that conventional drama, that's what we would see. But also what I wanted to try and do with this process was eliminate the possibilities of pointing the finger and saying, well, this is why. So I didn't want it to be like, dad raised his hand and hit his boy. So normally we would be, we could be able to point the finger in that direction and say, this is why he did it. But we wanted to eliminate that and start with a clean slate. So Eddie is an interesting character because he can be very emotional, but he's also not really in touch with his emotions. Like they kind of have their way with him. Yeah. Yeah. And that, that's, there's a lot of pain inside Eddie, you know, when after he realizes what his son has done.


Because what it is as well is what I wanted to try and try and achieve and try and accomplish with the respects to Eddie is, like I said, that kind of old fashioned dark type of man in many ways who, you know, it comes from a, a lineage of, of men who are not very tactile. And and that kind of comes from the process of, with my son and with my daughter, you know, I'm very blessed to have two beautiful children and I, and I, and I hug them and, and cuddle them. And I tell 'em I love them every single day, every single day. 'cause I adore my kids. I really do. The, you know, the, the one of the best things, the, the best thing in my life I've ever been a part of, they really are.


Do you know what I mean? Look, yeah. I Steven's very soppy and I wear my heart on my sleeve. I'm almost, you know, look, even just thinking of grace and Alfie is making me start to tear it up and I'm just ridiculous. They call, they, they, they said they, yeah, they, they laugh at me all the time because I, I'm very tey and adults, but what I wanted to do was to play the polar opposites of that. And one morning when I, at Alfie and the, some of his mates were in his house, I was giving Alfie a cuddle 'cause they were going out for the day. And I give him a cuddle and I give him a kiss on the cheek and, and I said, be good, have a good day. Do you know what I mean? And his friend started to to cry a little bit. And I was like, you, you, okay? And Alfie jumped in and said his dad never hugs him, and his dad's never told him that he loves him.


And it just broke my heart a little bit. Do you know what I mean? And I've seen him with his father and, and you can see the love his father has for him. And, and for me it was completely alien. I thought there was no way that that, that his father would've never done something like that. Because to me it was just such a natural thing that I don't even think about here. So just talking about the sort of technical issue, as I said, like each of these episodes is a, is one take. There's no editing. This is similar to a movie that you did a few years back called Boiling Point, which takes place in a restaurant. It's a great film, but it's one location. But here, like in this first episode, you start in the family home and then you drive to the station, the camera's following you, and then you have to get all the other actors from the house to the station.


Like talk about some of the technical things that you had to figure out. The, the beauty of this is where we have three weeks to shoot each episode, but what we do within that context is for the first week we rehearse the script and we, we go through the script like we're about to do a play because They are kind of like little plays. I mean Yeah, Yeah, of course. And, and that's the beauty of it, you know, but we rehearsed the, we rehearse the script and we go through the script and it was great because we had myself there and we had Jack the writer. So it was a beautiful position that we were in where we could tweak the language, we could adjust what was happening to our environment. And in the same respect, you know, look, me and Jack are not 14-year-old boys, but we could ask Owen, what would he say in these particular situations, Owen?


Is we always, Owen Cooper, who plays, who plays your son, Jamie. Yes. Yeah, that's right. Owen Cooper, who's phenomenal in the, in the piece. But within that context, we could, we could get to use the real authentic language. It, it's such a gift because you, you are able to marry both disciplines. So you have that spontaneity and the live kind of feeling and exhilaration of theater, but you have the technical ability and the, the kind of nuance and the, and the realism of film and television acting, right? But then also because of the technique of it being a one shot, you know, you're able like in episode two, to to travel all around the school, Right.


Which was an actual location with hundreds of kids walking around. Yes. Yeah, it really was. And it was actually, you know, for I think about 150 of our extras of the supporting artists, it was their school. Yeah. So that was great because they, you know, they know the place and, and they really felt at home. So in that first week, we work on a script, and in the second week we work with all of the crew, all of the crew come on set. And we, we negotiate and we begin to walk through our pathway of what we're gonna do and where we're gonna go and how we're gonna get there. And that's when you have everybody about, so, you know, you can then, the Sound Department, they can plant mics here and there.


So we really, really meticulously go over and over and over and over our movements. And the third week is when we begin to shoot. So we do two takes a day. So sometimes, you know, hopefully at the minimum we will have 10 takes. 10, 10 complete takes. Yeah. So we shop for five days and you do two takes a day. But as is with episode one, the take you see is take two. With episode two, the take we used was take 14. Would you know, after doing all your takes that you were kind of leaning towards one that you would eventually use or, Well, I did personally, yeah, I did on, I did on the first one.


I knew it was the second take. I just knew it was, and I, I was kind of like, can we go home? No. And Phil, and Phil was like, no, no, we being paid to be here for the rest of the week. And I, I said to Phil, it's not gonna get better than that. And he was like, you never know. And I was like, trust me. That's it. I wanted to play another clip from the show. And this comes from episode four, which is really about the fallout that the family is dealing with, having their son accused of murder. It's, it's a really devastating episode. And I wanted to play a part of a scene between your character and your wife who's played by Christine Trimarco.


And like, you're, you're basically trying to figure out like, how did we get here? How did things go so wrong? And what could you have possibly done differently? So let's hear that scene. It's a terrible temper. But so you I will say that I didn't give him that. Did I? What did I give him that? No, but I do sometimes think we should have stopped it, seeing it and stopped it. We can't do later, remember?


That's what she said. It's not our fault. We can't blame ourselves, But we made them tell me. But when I was his, his, my dad used to batter me sometimes he'd take the belt to me and he'd whack me and he'd whack me. And I promised myself, I said, when I have my own kids, I'd never do that. I'd never, I'd never do that to my kids.


And I didn't, did I, I just wanted to be better, but am I, I'm not better Your child to be. We both did. That's from Adolescence, the final episode of the show, this episode is, is devastating and the show is gonna stay with me, I think forever or a very long time. And, and it's, it's really hard to watch. It's really well made.


It's really compelling. But you go through a lot of very intense emotions in this episode. Like, you, you have a complete breakdown at one point. Like as an actor, how hard is that to go through, I guess? Like, is there, is there an aftermath that you have to reckon with after doing that kind of performance? For a lot of people it is. Yeah. And I understand it and I get it. And, and to some extent I, I think maybe there is, for me, I'm also able to, to jump in and jump out and decompress quite quickly now, which is a kind of technique I've learned myself over time.


Time. Do you have tools for that? Yeah. Yeah. And those tools are, well, the biggest tool for that is my wife Honey, on many levels. You know, if I phone it and say, it's been a really tough day at work today, love, you know, I had to cry and stuff. She'd be like, oh, really? And I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I go, oh my, do I sound like a And she'd be like, yes. She'll go, well, I'll tell you what, the dog had dying. It's a comfort of her. Of course. Yeah. But she understands it and she does it. And you know, there's, if there's anyone that can dive into emotions, we're not on set. It's Hannah. She's unbelievable. Yeah, she's, she's great. She's great. So when I try and do it, Sam, she just goes, oh, well the dog had diaried all over the carpet this morning. I'm like, oh. And she went and I had to go shopping and the car ran out to petrol while I was on the motorway.


And I'm like, oh, oh, oh, okay. So crime me a river, Steven. Yeah, exactly. That's kind of where she goes. But again, you know, and I go and I know, look, for me, family is the most important thing to me. It's, it's, it's them. They're my rock. They, they, they make me the man who I am. Do you know what I mean? I am here because of them mainly as well. And just to share this with you, and these are the tricks of the trade on that last scene that, on that episode, it was the very last take. I think it was like take 12 or something like that. But it was the very final take. It was take 16 actually. Oh, was it? Take 16? Wow. I think that's a lot of takes. Okay. God. Yeah. We had to stop a couple of times. One, the door wasn't open when he was trying to back into the door with the camera, so he just hit the window.


There was a couple of times the car wouldn't start as we got it and as we set off, so there was, yeah. Oh, then we got stuck at the traffic lights. That's right. So take 16. And what happened was, again, it was the last day and it was the very last day of filming. So again, my kids both Grace, my, my daughter and Alfie were there, and Hannah was there for that day and for that last take when I go into the bedroom, I had no idea some that they'd done it. Honestly, I didn't. And I, and I'd gone into that bedroom obviously 15 times. And so I had a kind of idea of what I was going to do and what I was going through. And Philip come up with a beautiful idea when we were in rehearsals and he said, I'm just gonna put a teddy bear on the bed.


And I was like, why? And he was like, just see what happens. So all the maternal instincts he felt for that teddy bear kind of just come from nowhere. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. In many ways because it's a replacement for his son. But anyway, when I came into the room, what Hannah and the kids had done, and this is the take that you see. So this is where it comes from as well. What Hannah and the all, I'm already in the moment, don't get me wrong, I'm completely in the moment. But what my kids and Hannah had done, they put photographs on the, on the wall of, of them and me, and they just put, we're so proud of you, dad. We love you so much. And, and obviously then you can imagine, I've told you I'm a very soppy person.


I wear my heart on my sleeve. Yeah, that's tearing up too. Just listen. Yeah. And I just went, do you know what I mean? It was like, it just all came out. And then when I'd finished that particular scene, yeah, they grabbed hold of me and yeah, they didn't let go of me for a while. And I, and I did cry for a quite a bit of time after that actually. But we all cried on that set after that particular scene. When we'd finished it, if You're just, just joining us, we're speaking with actor Steven Graham, who stars in two new shows, Adolescence on Netflix, and a thousand blows on Hulu. He'll be back after a short break. I'm Sam Brier and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsors Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus follow Cassian Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from Creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR, At npr r's Pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One Of the things I do is write the Weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday Morning Steven, I wanted to talk briefly with you about a thousand Blows. You're playing actually a real life person named Henry Sugar Goodson, who was a bear knuckle boxer in Victorian London.


And I just wanted to play a scene from the show. You have been undefeated, but there's this newcomer from Jamaica named Hezekiah Moscow. And when you're fighting him, you you're, it looks like you're gonna lose, but someone in your corner trips him and you declared the winner even though it was unfair, but you're really shaken by this, the fact that you thought you were gonna lose, so you wanna fight him again. So in this scene, hezeki, who's played by Malachi Kirby comes into your bar, you're training in the back, and he talks to your brother who says like, look, if you fall in the third round, I'll pay you. And Hezeki doesn't like that. So he calls to you out in the back, Hey brother just offered me five pounds to take a file in the third round.


I asked my brother to make arrangements because my heart cannot be trusted. And there were devils to pull a carriage. I ride, I am able to speak you long enough to invite you to meet me in combat this Saturday night at eight o'clock in that day ring. And I promise you, we will be a fair fighter and should you win this pub, we'll pay you 50 pound.


But should I predominate, should I break you? And I promise I will not stop until you are dead. Then your body will be sent back on that bunk to which you came. I am just a stranger to why would you want me dead? 'cause it's like looking in the mirror. There can't be three of us That Steven Graham in the show, a thousand blows.


Steven, you know, this, this character you're playing sugar Goodson is incredibly closed off person, prone to rages. Like he's something will click on him and he will beat people to death even if they're people he loves. And you know, this could have been a pretty one dimensional character. Like, like play them as a, just a monster. But you're, you bring out some humanity in him. And I just, can you just talk about like finding the complexity of the character? I, I had an idea and a vision of where I would like to take this particular character and this man and, and that began, if I'm completely honest with you. So I'm not began, for me really in the beginning was was the physical aspect of it.


You know, I wanted to look like I was a fighter. I wanted to look like I was a brawler. I wanted to look like I was capable of getting in a ring and fighting. Well you're built like a tank in the show. I you thank you very much. Yeah, I'm not normally like that in real life, but I mean I've managed to keep that physique to an extent. So for me it was more the physical aspect at the very beginning and setting off on that journey. And I, you know, when we got green lit, I had six months and I knew I had six months to prepare before we began to shoot. So I, I, I really trained and I trained like an athlete. I trained, you know, I trained like a fighter. I had a wonderful, wonderful coach who was my physical coach who was also my dietician as well, Rob.


He, you know, we, we, we used to, we'd do five days a week and on top of that I was boxing three, four times a week with my boxing coach, who's a really good friend Graham. So I amazed myself completely into that whole kind of physical aspect of it. So you said you were training for six months with someone who was also a dietician. I imagine that you were probably on a very restrictive diet, probably like a lot of proteins and stuff like that. And I Yes. Eating the same things, you know, day after day. It sounds like you've kept your physique up. So congratulations on that. But when you were done filming, do you remember like the first thing you ate that was like a milkshake or something like that?


The face, the first thing, and again, it's not that bad really, but it's, the first thing I had, which I was dying for was I had curry goat, curry goat and rice and peas. I smashed that. We were in London and I just yam ed it, I swallowed it whole. Yeah. 'cause it was just unbelievable. But I think, I think I've never eaten so much broccoli and spinach and, And probably like just chicken breast, like Chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken this chicken that chicken. And it's like, can I have a bit of flavor? IIII love real good spices. No Flavor for you. No, but I did. But I did get away with it. I, I couldn't do it.


I had to do it. I had to just spread sriracha at all over it. Do you know what I mean? Personally? You also said that shoes are really important to your characters. Yeah, yeah. They are massively, shoes change my physicality and they can make me walk different. And I, and I just, I love that kind of the, the embodying the movement and the physicality of the character. So I love working on the walk and sometimes I can really, really, really do the heads in of my family and, and I can annoy my law. 'cause I'll tell 'em to stop what they're doing and watch me walk in the living room and they'd be like, I'll go look, is this a good walk? And they'd be like, dad, I'm watching and I'll go, just gimme two minutes please. Just watch me.


Is this a good walk look. And they'll go, yeah, yeah, that's great. That was great. And I'll go, you're not looking properly. Watch, tell me now. So yeah, I, them kind of physical aspects of the character I think are important and then you create all the psychological aspects. Well if you're just joining us, we're speaking with actor Stephen Graham, who stars in two shows right now. One on Netflix, adolescents and the other on Hulu with Thousand Blows. We'll be back after short break. This is Fresh Air


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency, I'm indebted to almighty God, I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service listen to through line, wherever you get your podcasts.


Steven, I wanted to go back a little bit to one of your early successes, which is the movie. This is England from 2006, and you play a racist and violent prone skinhead named combo. And there's a pretty famous speech in the movie that's like heavily infused with white nationalist ideology and we're not gonna play it because I think there's an f word in every sentence. So there'd just be like lots of bleeps. But you know, I imagine in a acting career, there's a lot of times where you have to like espouse beliefs as a character that you don't hold yourself.


But I was wondering if this one may have been particularly hard, obviously in part because it's, it's just racist, but also because you have a multiracial background and one of your grandfathers is from Jamaica. Like, did that make playing this character particularly difficult for you? It, it didn't make it particularly difficult, but what it did make me want to do, and, and as well, when I explained to Shane, because originally when I went to Shane Meadows, who's the Shane Meadows Yeah, who's, who's the fantastic director. When I, when I explained to Shane that I was mixed race, I kind of thought that he might then give the part to somebody else because we'd, we'd had auditions and we did a bit of a workshop and Andrew Shi who plays Milky, who's the, the, the black character who's part of the gang as well.


We we'd in Jordan, the improvisation, as you can imagine, you know, I I went to some extremes with the language that I used and I never said anything to anyone. But that night I managed to get, I managed to get Andrew's phone number and I phoned him up and I said, look, I I just wanna apologize for the language and for the things that I said to you today. I want you to know that that's not the way I think it's not me at all, and I hope you can understand. I said, and to be completely honest with you, and I'm mixed race. And he was like, really? I said, yeah. He went, I thought so. I thought there was something. And I was like, but can you do me a favor? And he went, what? I went, please don't.


And I said, was about to say, don't tell Shane, he shouted Shane, Shane. And I was like, oh, oh no. And then he gave the phone to Shane and Shane was like, hello, hello mate. And I was like, alright. And he went, what is it? And I was like, look Shane, I just wanted to say, I've just told Shimmy, look, I'm mixed race. You're probably gonna want to give the part to somebody else now. And I understand that. And he was like, are you kidding me? I went, no, I'm just, he was like, this is amazing. He said, imagine what we can do with it now. I went, what do you mean? He went, well, we can take it somewhere else now we can take it somewhere else that we never thought of taking it. And then we did, you know, we really worked on it. And what it became about was it became more about an abandonment issue from his father and kind of not being accepted or not being a part of, of the identity of his, of his self and, and, and the black part of his family.


So we, we added such a complexity to it. Then You grew up just outside of Liverpool in Kirby and did you have to deal with issues of racism as a child coming from a mixed family? Yeah. Yeah. And if I'm honest here from both sides, I had a little struggle of my own back then trying to find a sense of where and how I belong. You mean your ident, your identity, sort of your racial identity? Yeah, yeah, Completely culturally, racially in many ways, you know what I mean? Because there were certain elements of my, my white cousins and on, on that side of my family who, who said some horrible things and you know, even other family members said some horrible things and said some really horrible things to my mother at the time.


And then on this side of the black family, you know, things were said to me and said to my mother as well in a horrible sense from both sides of it. So it did take a while and it kind of, you know, it maybe in my early teens, I look, I'm not saying that that's what my life was like all the time because it was very happy and joyous. You know, my household, my mom living with it was just me and my mom for the first 10 years. And I adore my mother. God bless us all. She, she was, you know, she was the ma she was the strong matriarch and she was a wonderful woman. And my pops came into my life when I was 10. Your stepfather? Yeah, my stepfather. He's my stepfather, but, you know. But he raised You?


He was, yeah, he raised me, he raised me. He, you know, and he's mixed race as well. So he really taught me about my sense of identity and who I am and where I'm from, and taught me about the likes of Marcus Gar and St. Loba and Malcolm X, Martin Luther King. So he filled me with the history and the knowledge of who I was. Do you know what I mean? In many ways. And then he also inspired me and, and led me to believe that anything is possible and to follow my dreams. But as a, as a kid growing up, there was, you know, at times it was difficult and it took a little while for me to find my sense of self and for me to be completely comfortable with who I am, really.


Do you know what I mean? In that respect, which I, you know, I'm, I sit with inside myself of who I am today and I'm completely comfortable with myself. But it takes a long time. I think You said your stepfather helped you sort of with your cultural and racial identity. He also helped you when you told your family you wanted to be an actor. Do you have this great story of, of him taking you to the video store and renting like, all these great movies? Like Yeah, like, yeah, he did Taxi Driver and Deer Hunter, Taxi Driver, the Deer Hunter and The Godfather.


And it was kind of, that's where my, the beginning of my love affair for filmmaking started. And, and the art and the craft of what, what it is. Do you know what I mean? And then he introduced me to the likes of David Lynch and Curry Ser and yeah, Martin Scorsese. Do you know what I mean? All of these great directors Ken Lo as well, Alan Clark, you know, I got a real great education from my pops. 'cause my pops has always loved the film. And that's kind of where it began for me. And then, you know, me, him and me, mum used to always go, we'd go like to the Tate and to Art and he made me look at art and things differently.


You know, my childhood was beautiful, I loved it. You know, we'd go, we'd go to, to the galleries and stuff like that. Me and my mom, do you know what I mean? And my mom and we'd walk around and we'd look at paintings and they just filled my head full of culture. Do you know what I mean? And, and yet I came from this housing estate and from a block of flats. But yet they made me dream big and they made me see That came You lived in a public housing apartment? Is that that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's where that kind of grew up in the very beginning. Well, we need to take a short break here if you're just joining us. We're speaking with British actors Stephen Graham. His newest shows are A Thousand Blows, which you can find on Hulu and Adolescence on Netflix. This is Fresh Air On this week's Wild Card podcast.


Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't quite yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where cards control the conversation At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint is the best in the World to the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. Well, You are looking for the stupid guy here.


They're all smart. Don't worry About Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. Did it seem like a, an impossible stretch to you that one day you would be, you know, on a Martin Scorsese movie set with of Al Pacino and Robert de ni, of course the people you're watching on your television. Yeah. So my Wall, most of my mates had, you know, soccer players, you call 'em football players, we call 'em over here, most of my mates and had football players on their walls. And I did have, I had the FA cup winning side Liverpool with Kenny dle. I had them on my wall, but then I also had posters and like little beautiful kind of postcards of Al Pacino, Robert DeNiro, Daniel Day Lewis, Gary Oldman.


Do you know what I mean? I had, I had wonderful pictures of all of the William Defoe, all of these actors on my wall. Do you know what I mean? So you can imagine as a young kid, and don't forget, it's not like I'm even in America. I'm right across the water Yeah. In this little place called Liverpool. And that I, you know, and they were on my wall, these people. So can you imagine what went through my head one the first time when I met Martin Scorsese and I was lucky enough and privileged enough to be a part of gangs in New York, but then can you imagine what happened to my little head when I was sat at the table with Marty at the monitor? Al even saying it now, it just doesn't seem real.


Martin Scorsese at the Monitor, Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino sat at the table and Marty says, okay, are we ready? And action. Can you just see for a split second what happened to that little kid's head? Yeah. Well let's hear that scene. Let's, let's hear that. Oh wow. You set that up quite well. Steven Graham, Thank you. This is a scene very much from the Irishman where you play a gangster and, and union head, Tony Provenzano, who, who's known as Tony Pro. And you have a real beef with Jimmy Hoffa, who's played by Al Pacino. You were both in prison at the same time. You got in an argument there, but at this point you're both outta prison and Hoffa trying to become the president of the Teamsters.


But he needs your endorsement and he hates you. But he agrees to meet. And you guys are in Florida and Frank Sheeran, who's played by Robert De Niro is there, and you are late. And Al Pacino does not like that. You late And it was traffic. Yeah, it's traffic, Wasn't it? Traffic? Yeah. Gimme Traffic. Traffic. What do you, what, what do you want? For us? It was bumper To bumper. Yeah, yeah. Nah, nah, it's, it's bad. You know, traffic, I never waited for anyone who was late. More than 10 minutes in my life. I'd say 15 fifteens, right? No, 10.


I don't think so. Ten's not enough. You have to take traffic into account If that's, that's what I'm doing. I'm taking traffic into account. That's why it's 10. I still say 15. No, 10 Fine. We, we disagree on that. How about 12 and a half minute? There We go. 12 and a half the middle. Right in the middle. Beautiful. Beautiful. Yeah. More than 10 is saying something. Are you saying something to me? No, I'm Here. It says what it says. So there it is. Where do we go from here? What can I do for you?


I want you, I I want you to endorse me for you know what And but before we get to that, let's written that other thing down. Now the other thing is, none of my business, I can't do anything about your pension. I can't not with Fitz in there. Fitz is in there. You know, you go to Fitz. I did. He'll help you out. I Did. I did. Said he'll take care of it. No questions asked. You wouldn't do that. But he will. I I meant the other thing. What other thing? You know? I don't know. Your apology.


My apology. My apology. For what? For what? You said when you were sitting there in the ice cream, like some king that was an ethnic slur. Your people. Did you know what he said? No. I Mean, I heard, I heard he had an altercation in the camp, but I don't know. Yeah, yeah. You people, that's what you said, right? Jim, you people? No, my beneath you Definitely. Jimmy. Jimmy. Come on. That's Stephen Graham with some other famous actors, Al Pacino and Robert De Niro in the movie The Irishman. So like, first of all, this is like Goodfellas caliber like dialogue.


Like, like, you know, you think I'm funny, like, you know, this, some of the Scorsese dialogue, like it, I imagine if you're reading it on this, on the page, it might seem like really banal or boring, but like the way that you have these great actors doing it, it's just so full of like energy. Can you talk about that? Yeah, you're right. It's, you know, you have these great, you have the great dialogue on a script and then it's kind of set up and you rehearse and you play with it. And, and with this particular scene, it was, it was going good, but we, we cut some of the dialogue, but it, it was, it was going really good and, but it, there was, there was still, it was lacking something.


And, and Marty said to me, he, he was like, look, free it up a little bit. And I was like, what? Can I improvise? And he went, yeah, just free it up a little bit. So previously when we'd done a couple of takes, I was chatting and, and there was no dialogue coming from Frank. So Rob didn't have any dialogue and I was kind of in my, like I said to you before, don't forget I'm a kid who's got posters of these people on this wall. You know what I mean? So I'm thinking to myself, I'm in a scene and, and you know, so of the times, the strange thing about acting is your own head pops into your thought processes while you are doing the lines sometimes, which is really strange. Do you know what I mean? But it, it's just kind of one of those things that happen.


So I'm, I'm talking with Al and then I, I look around and I, and I look and I, and in my head, my head goes, oh, there's Robert DeNiro. I'm like, what? And I'm like, just carrying on doing the scene. And then it, and then we carry on and then, and then in my head it goes, oh no, I'm in a scene with Robert Deni and he doesn't say anything. It's like, oh. And then Marty said, free it up, bring some life into it. And I was like, okay. So then that whole, and he comes up with the best line, that whole thing, about 15 minutes and 10 minutes. I just turned at one point. 'cause it's edited together beautifully as well. And I just turned at one point and I said, what do you think Frank? And he, you know, he didn't have any lines at all in the scene.


And then he comes up with the finest line in the whole scene and he goes maybe 12 and a half, you know what I mean? Down the middle. And then it, it came alive. I go to stand up and walk away and they're like, nah, no, no, no. Come on, sit down, sit, sit down. And in that little bit where he says, you know, yeah, in the ethnic slur. And I go, did you know about this? And he goes, well, I heard you's had an altercation, so you kind of make it real and bring him into the scene. And, and after we'd finished, I went, no, I'm really sorry. Was that okay? Because I, I just, I I just threw a few things and they were like, what? You kidding me? No, it came alive. Did you feel that? And as you can imagine, for me personally, I select my Champions League final. That that particular scene being a part of that, you know what I mean?


It, it, it blew my mind. And what I really, really, really took away from that particular day as well was the humility of both of those men and how they conducted themselves on set and how they treated everybody with respect, but also when, when it came to doing the work, they had no ego. And that's the biggest lesson. Any, you know, any actor can ever learn from those two masters who were there to work. Stephen Graham, thank you so much for coming on Fresh Air. Thank you very much. It's been an absolute pleasure. Stephen Graham spoke with Fresh Air Producer Sam Brier Graham is starring in two shows, Hulus a thousand Blows and the Netflix miniseries Adolescence.


Tomorrow on Fresh Air Pulitzer Prizewinning critic Hilton Owls will join us to talk about his latest exhibition, which challenges the way we see art, identity, and storytelling. He's been a staff writer at The New Yorker for over 30 years, writing theater reviews, essays and profiles of figures like Tony Morrison, Richard Pryor, and Prince. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham.


Additional engineering today from Diana Martinez. Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Ann Dondo, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Yadi, Anna Bauman, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producer is Molly s Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Teri Gross. Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water.


That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you.


Listen now to Shortwave the Science Podcast from NPR.