
99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley, the new film The Friend starring Naomi Watts. And Bill Murray is based on the novel of the same name by Sigrid Nunez. Her book won a 2018 National Book Award for fiction. It begins with the narrator, a woman at the memorial of a dear friend who killed himself. He was more than a friend years before. He was her writing professor and mentor when she was his student. They slept together once at his suggestion. She wasn't the only student he seduced, but her friendship with him outlasted his three marriages and many affairs. After his death, she reluctantly inherits his dog, 180 pound Great Dane, who like her, is grieving.


Here's a clip from the film. Bill Murray as Walter and Naomi Watt's. Iris are the two old friends. He's trying to persuade her to get his daughter to help put together a book of his work. She's lovely. She's bright. I I like to work by Myself. She's very bright. I just said that Tonight. You very appreciate another perspective. You know, someone to bounce things off. No, That's not the point. She's Young, energetic, and my daughter. Right? But she hardly knows you. She doesn't know your work, your relationships, And that's exactly what I'm trying to fix. So I am the fixer. Everyone knows that you fix things. The novel, the friend is filled with reflections about the line between appropriate and inappropriate relations between students and teachers.


What it's like to mourn a friend who left no note to explain his suicide, the bond that can develop between a dog and a person, and how being a writer has changed in the era of social media. We're going to listen to Terry's 2019 interview with Sigrid Nunez. Please note there is a discussion of suicide at the beginning of this interview. If you or someone you know has thoughts of suicide and needs help, call or text the Suicide Lifeline at 9 8 8. That's 9 8 8 Sigrid Nunez. Welcome to Fresh Air. I wanna start with a reading from your novel. And this is from very early on when the main character has recently learned that her friend has committed suicide and is reflecting on like, why, Because of the timing.


So near the start of the year, it was possible to think that it had been a resolution. One of those times when you talked about it, you said that what would stop you was your students. Naturally you were concerned about the effect such an example might have on them. Nevertheless, we thought nothing of it. When you quit teaching last year, even though we knew that you liked teaching and that you needed the money another time you said that for a person who had reached a certain age, it could be a rational decision, a perfectly sound choice, a solution, even unlike when a young person commits suicide, which could never be anything but a mistake, a once you cracked us up with the line, I think I'd prefer a novella of a life, Stevie Smith calling death, the only God who must come when he's called tickled you pink.


As did the various ways people have said that. Were it not for suicide, they could not go on walking with Samuel Beckett, one fine spring morning, a friend of his asked, doesn't a day like this make you glad to be alive? I wouldn't go as far as that. Beckett said that there was to be a memorial took us by surprise. We who had heard you say that you would never want any such thing. The very idea was repugnant to you. Did wife three simply choose to ignore this? Was it because you'd failed to put it in writing? Like most suicides, you did not leave a note.


There was Sigrid Nunez reading from her novel The Friend. So this novel has a lot to do with suicide and trying to understand why somebody did it. Have you lost someone to suicide? Yes. I, I have, I have. And when before I started writing this book, one of the main reasons why I wanted to write about suicide was because I realized that I knew quite a few people who had the idea of suicide on their minds. I mean, they might not have been actually planning it, but it had, it had come to, they'd come to believe that this was how their story would end.


It was, it was a choice that that was very much on their minds all the time, not just at moments of despair. And I, I had finished the novel though it hadn't been published yet. When one of those people did, did suicide, How did that person take their life? He jumped from the Golden Gate Bridge. And what did it make you think about thinking of the way that person chose to end it? I actually think that when people make that decision, it's, it's, it's such a mystery.


I I do know that, that people who have jumped and have survived, no small number of them have said afterwards that as soon as their hands let go, or as soon as they were in the air, they regretted it. And then afterwards when they were saved, they were happy to have been saved. So I have to have that in my mind, that, that that might have happened to him too. It must hurt for you to think about that. Certainly. And I, you know, I, I, he, he, he did not, I was not in touch with him right before he killed himself, and there was no note.


So I really don't know exactly what his thoughts were. Now he was somebody who had been suicidal during his life and who suffered from depression and had been, had been very unhappy. But still, even when a suicide like that happens, and it, it, it, it can come as an extraordinary shock while at the same time not really being a surprise. I was not surprised. In fact, when I came home from teaching and I saw an email from a mutual friend that said, call me when you get this message. I knew instantly. When a friend of yours talks about the temptation of suicide, what do you say?


Do you say, you know, do you try to talk them out of it? Do you try to just listen? Oh, I try to just listen. My my friend who, who jumped from the bridge suicide was something he talked about all the time and, and the different ways that he might do it. Also, you, when you know that somebody is feeling this way, you know, you make, you make all those suggestions about places to, to get in touch with people who might be able to help to go into therapy if you aren't already. But I think it's very, very hard for people to, to deal with other people's suicidal feelings because it's so extreme.


Self homicide, self murder. It's so against the, the normal course of things. And since I wrote this book, I receive so many emails all the time from people who have lost people in some cases very recently to suicide. And I, I do have to think of ways to, to answer those emails. And I do, I answer, I answer every one of them. Another issue that your novel deals with is relationships between professors and students, specifically between male professors and female students.


And the attraction that can form between them. The main character is a woman and the character who kills himself. Her very dear friend had been her college professor years ago, and they even had a brief affair after he told her they should try sleeping together, because he said we should find that out about each other. And she says, I don't think it ever occurred to either of us, that I might refuse. And then he tells her that, well, it's not really gonna work out. And she's kind of devastated, but they remain good friends. He marries three times. They remain good friends throughout all those marriages.


She's never quite sure what the wives feel about their relationship. And, and he tells her to be a teacher is to be a seducer. And there are times when he must also be a heartbreaker. Have you heard men say that about teaching that to be a teacher is to be a seducer? I have, I have. And I, I I believe in this case he is paraphrasing something that was said by George Steiner. Yes. If, if not in those, in those words, or let's just put it this way, if not in words, in some cases that message is there.


I've, I have, I have certainly heard that It's strikes me as such a male thing. Like I don't think women, teachers, women professors, see themselves that way, unless you're talking about seducing people into learning. But I don't think women teachers see themselves as wanting to flirt and maybe go to bed with their students. I'm not saying all men do either, but I think it's, over the years been more, a more common thing for men than for women. Well, that might be true, but I do think that women, female mentors and women in positions of power do indeed have that same feeling.


They might not ca carry it all the way through, but wanting to seduce their mentees or their students. But I think you can understand that what that, you know, that doesn't seem so strange to me that a young person would say that. And then I think as a, as a, as a mentor, Susan Sanex certainly was extremely seductive and was fully aware of how magnetic and charismatic and sed seductive she was to men and women in that role. It was a huge part of her personality. Seductive in the literal sense of like, I'm gonna try to convince you to sleep with me or just seductive at a distance.


Yeah, Both, both. It would depend on the, on the person. But Sontag used to talk about that, how when she had any kind of affection or strong feeling for anyone, she, she always also wanted to sleep with that person. That was, that was part of it. Now, she didn't always, of course, but it was always there, there was always some attraction like that or some desire there. But, but as I say, just to remember her, I, I can't separate that seductive quality of hers out from, from the rest. I was gonna say, just to put that in context, when you were in your twenties, I think Yes.


You were a couple with David Reef, Susan Sontag's son, she at the time was diagnosed with cancer. You were both living with Susan Sontag. She became a friend and mentored to you and you got to see her at her best and her worst. Yes. Okay. Have you ever felt like a seducer as a teacher yourself? 'cause you've taught in different settings. I mean, you've taught literature and writing in colleges, you've taught English as a second language, so, and you've taught over the years, so you've seen, you've seen issues about, you know, power in the classroom change over the years.


I've never, no, I I've never had that. I've never had any kind of issue come up even, you know, remotely connected to that. You know, it's been helpful to me that I didn't start teaching until I was in my forties. And I, and I I I can easily imagine, oh God, can I imagine how different it might've been if I had been teaching as my, as many of my students do, and my fellow writers in their twenties? It might've been a whole other story. What do you think would've been different? Well, I think I might have been more susceptible.


And I think that, that, that anybody, that anybody, anybody could be, As you've said, you've seen the rules of conduct in the classroom change. It's against the guidelines in most places now to have a relationship with a student, you know, a sexual relationship with a student. And you've also said, you know, in, in the past marriages that have worked out really well between a professor and the student, and the one I think of immediately is Poet Donald Hall and Poetry Jane Kenyon. And she was first his student and then they, you know, they had a, a, a long marriage. Right. And I can't, I can't think of any names right now, any couples, but there are, there, there are many, many of them.


But probably the more common thing is, is closer to inappropriate. Do you know what I mean? Like, there've been some great marriages and relationships that have come out of that. And some also like real damage and inappropriate things. How have you seen the rules change? Like your character has to attend sexual misconduct classes and learn what the, what the new rules were. So how have you seen the new rules change and how, how have you reacted to it as a woman? Oh, we, we all take those courses now in, in universities and colleges as, as soon as you start teaching, there's an online course about sexual misconduct.


So try trying to make everything as clear as possible. And it's com it's completely understood now that it is inappropriate. It's not allowed, you could lose your job. You know, this is fairly recent and I think it's, it's just something that, that, that had to be done. You know, even, even though there were these marriages, that doesn't mean that it wasn't inappropriate for the professor to have the affair with the student before he married her. I mean, it was still an inappropriate thing. It was still a dangerous thing to do. It was still something that was far more likely to, to hurt young women in some way than anything else.


And I think that the most pernicious thing about when a mentor or has an affair with, with a student or, or, or treats the student in some sexual ways, that there's also the student's work. And what happens is, because this is something that, that has happened to me, happened to me as a student. You, you, you don't know what it, it, it affects the value of your work. I mean, you think, well, did those guys really think that my work was so great? Because the one female professor, she actually didn't, didn't think it was as great as they did.


So is it, is it that they really think that or, or are they just trying to sleep with me? And that is something that a lot of women know about. It's something that a lot of 'em go through. It's a, it's a kind of gaslighting, you end up not, not knowing, is it the work or is it me, the girl, the young, you know, the young woman. For that to be eliminated is, you know, is definitely progress. What, what year are we talking about? About when you were in college? Well, this would've been, I graduated from Barnard in 72 and from Columbia, the in 75, the MFA program. But I'm not just talking about school.


I'm not just talking about school. I'm talking about men in positions of power after that as well. I'm, you know, I'm talking about a long period of my life. And then there's the question, like in, if you're not supposed to talk about sexually related subjects in class, when you're teaching a writing workshop, which is what you do, and you're encouraging people to write openly and sex is a part of life and sexual thinking is a huge part of young people's lives. Do you make that subject off topic? Do you make that subject taboo for writing in class?


How do you talk about it if it's not taboo for writing in class? Have you thought about that a lot? I have, I have no idea what other writing instructors do, but in fact, it turns out in, in my experience, not to be a problem because the students do not write about sex. They are, they, they are either too shy or afraid to, afraid to offend. Somebody have heard stories about other workshops where very bad things have happened, people have gotten upset. But mostly I find, and I find it rather odd, that it is, it's very, very unusual for a student to write about sex in, in the writing workshop, either undergrad or graduate.


Is that a relief to you as the teacher? No. No, it's not because I, I I feel like it's just one of many things that they are, you know, parts of human experience that they're just, they just won't go there. And, you know, a writer has to go there. You know, very often what they do, and then we talk about this in class, is they, they, they go up to a point and then they panic or get shy or whatever, and then they just make a leap. And then, you know, I say, but you didn't, you didn't do it. You, you lost your nerve. You see, the most important thing when you're writing is that you don't flinch. You know, you'll, you'll, you know, the reader will not accept this.


The reader will see right away that you didn't have what it takes. You didn't have the guts to actually write that scene that you let us write up to, and then you skip right over it. But I mean, it's very understandable because maybe if they were, you know, writing it for publication, they hope, but, but they don't have to share it in a classroom with an instructor and everybody talking about it, you know, that that's, that's difficult for them. Sigrid Nunez speaking with Terry Gross in 2019, her novel, the friend won the 2018 National Book Award for fiction. It's been adapted into a new film of the same name and opens today in New York City and nationwide.


April 4th also, Justin Chang reviews the new French thriller Misery Cordia. I'm David Bian Cooley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus Follow Cassie and or as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit protect by public media.org At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR. Let's get back to Terry's 2019 interview with author Sigrid Nunez.


Her novel, the Friend won the 2018 National Book Award for fiction and has been adapted into a new film. One of the co-stars of the film is a very large dog, a great dane named Bing. Here's a clip in which Naomi Watts playing a writer named Iris learns that her best friend wanted her to take ownership of his dog after his death. I, Iris, I need to talk with you. It's about the dog. I wanted to ask if you could take him. No, I, I I can't. No. This is what Walter wanted after he died. Why would he say that you were his best friend?


The story in the friend the narrator is a woman whose mentor from college who was close to her age, became a dear friend and he has just committed suicide. She's left grieving and wondering why, and she also inherits his dog. And it's not just like any dog, it's 180 pound Great Dane, and she lives in a small rent controlled apartment in New York. And it's illegal. It's against the regulations to have a dog in that apartment. So she, she kind of violates the regulations, takes the dog kind of reluctantly, and they become very close.


And they're both grieving. The dog is grieving too, but as you've said, you can't describe death to a dog. You can't explain death to a dog. Yeah, that's something that, that Has struck me well before I started writing this book. How difficult that is really, because, you know, there the dog is at home as far as the, the dog knows everything is fine. And then the person, the dog's person, the most beloved one vanishes into thin air. Just doesn't, you know, doesn't, isn't there anymore. There is no way to explain to the dog what happened. And it just seems to me that that must be a remarkable emotional tumult for the, for the dog.


She walks the street with a dog, you know, she talks the, takes the dog on walks as of course you have to because the dog is so, so big. She feels like she's a spectacle when she is on the street with the dog. And everybody's like stopping and wanting to do a selfie or asking how much he eats or how much he defecates. And and she's, she's kind of, you know, I think she feels like partly her privacy's being invaded, but partly just like amused by the whole thing. But it connects to something larger that her friend who took his life used to say, which is that, you know, he used to like love to walk and felt like he did his best riding while he was walking and just kind of losing himself in his thoughts and in his surroundings.


But he always thought that that would be harder for a woman to do because a woman always has to be on guard. Is this guy following me? Is this guy gonna grope me? Is this guy gonna attack me? What about that cat call? And so I'm wondering if you've thought about that from both directions about, you know, the difficulties of sometimes losing yourself as a woman who has to be on guard when walking the streets. And the difference when you're ha when you have this like, huge dog who everybody wants to stop and admire when you're walking. Well, it's true that I was, I was writing about flannery and the flair, who, who was an urban walker.


That's, That's a French word. Yes. And the mentors idea that, you know, can there really be such a thing as a fla, can a woman be a flair? Because real flannery re requires that you are able to lose yourself in an urban setting and just walk and dream and discover. And, and that, that, that is very difficult for a woman. Now, if we were talking about walking in the country, that would be different. But that's not what, what a, what a flanner does. It did strike me, I guess just as an idea when I was, was writing that, that of course it's, it is true what he says that a a a woman is raised to be always on guard.


Is there someone behind me? Is there, you know, is is, and not to mention remarks that are made or stares that are given. That certainly does make it much different for a woman than for a man. And with, with my narrator walking with the dog, she does feel embarrassed. She does, she's a very private person and she doesn't want to be interrupted constantly when she's taking the dog for a walk. And then there's a certain amount of irritation with the same things always being said, like, why don't you ride him? And as you say, how much does he eat? And also people putting in their 2 cents such as it's a sin a crime as one woman says, I think it's a crime to keep a dog that large in the city or that dog shouldn't be in the city.


Which is something that people do. Say if you walk a big dog And you've walked big dogs, you've had big dogs. Right. I've had, well my family had a enormous great dane and you know, I was already out of the house by then, but I did walk him and, and you know, children would follow and, and people would say things. But I also had a, a dog that was a half great Dane, half German Shepherd and looked like a somewhat smaller great Dane that I walked. And, and yes, yes, people do make a lot of comments. I'm guilty of being one of the people who say, how much does the dog eat?


Well, I could probably ride the dog 'cause I literally could probably ride the dog. I mean, I'm so, I'm so short. I could, I could, I could really probably do it. I know people who won't get a pet after their beloved pet has died. 'cause they feel like they can't go through that grieving process again. And it reminds me of people who won't remarry because they can't bear the thought of losing a second spouse. Yes. I, I get a lot of emails from those people too. A lot. You know, they, they, they have lost a, a pet and it's been overwhelming to them and very many of them say, I don't know if I could get another one or if I should get another one.


Yeah. I mean, people become so emotionally attached to the animals in their lives. We, we probably underestimate how powerful that pain is when people leave, lose an animal that they love. Do you have pets now? No. I, I don't. I I had two cats and they, they grew to be quite old and they, they both died and it was when the second one died, that again, I was one of those people who was so overwhelmed and I, I have not been able to bring myself to get another cat since then. And that was years ago. Because of the grief?


Yes. Largely, largely because of that. Just not wanting to go through all that again. But there was something about the way that cat died and the, and the, the loss of it. In fact, I, I do write about that in, in the, in the novel that I, I just was not able to get over that. How did the cat die? Well, she, she be, she was elderly and she became very ill. And then I, I took her to the vet who, you know, who agreed that, that she should be put down because she was so, because she would have to have surgery and at her age, you know, that was probably not such a good idea.


And then the, the vet said, I have to give her, I have to give her two shots, one to calm her down and, and, and something went wrong. And then the, the she, she picked up the cat and ran off with it. Or she, she had said to me, do you want to be with her when she dies? I said, of course. And then something went wrong. It had to do with the vein being too dehydrated when she made the first injection. And she then picked up the cat and, and ran off with it. And then I waited and then she came back and, and put the cat on the table and the cat was dead. And I remembered her saying, do you wanna be with her?


Well, then I wasn't with her and yeah, yeah, it was, it was, it was very, very painful. And there was a certain point in before, before the cat died where, you know, I, she was so ill and I brought her in and, and, and to the vet, and she was there and, and I felt that, you know, I, the way I write it, I said, I'm not saying this is what she said, but this is what I heard. She put her paw on my arm and I, I imagined her saying, wait, you're making a mistake. I didn't say I wanted you to kill me. I wanted you to make me feel better.


Yeah. You never really know, do you what the cat or dog is thinking about Exactly. Whether it's time to, to end their life Exactly. So, and that it was just a very overwhelming experience. Yeah. Sigrid Nunez speaking to Terry Gross in 2019 more after a break. This is Fresh Air


These days. There is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's really Looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency at the NPR Politics podcast. We're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together over on the NPR Politics podcast.


I spoke with you in 1996. Yes. And one of the things you said is, I've never been married and I'm not going to marry. And I said, how can you be so certain? And you said, well, there isn't anything I could have from a marriage that I don't really have. Do you still feel that way? Well, I never did marry, just as I said. And that isn't something that I'd regretted. I think at the time what I was for referring to also was that I was with someone, I was in a relationship. We were living together.


I didn't, I didn't really see why we had to get married and we didn't. Now I am not in a relationship. I'm not living with anyone. But I, I I, you know, I I I guess I understood it then. It was just marriage was just not going to be for me Because I don't, I've just, I do not, I have not shared that desire and need that so many people seem to have. IJI just, I've, you know, when I was very young, when I was a teenager, I think I had, you know, fantasies of wedding and romance and marriage and, but, but, and, and children, but, but I don't have children and I, I I, I knew quite a long time ago that I wasn't going to have children.


So again, I mean, that makes a difference too. So I felt that I could be in relationships, I could have full meaningful relationships without getting married. And I did, I think it was in your first book that you wrote time and time again, I discover that I have not completely let go of the notion that salvation will come in the form of a man. That's true too. Do you still feel that way or did You give that? I think I'm losing. Did you give up that feeling? Yeah. Oh, I've given that up. I've given that up, Terry. I don't feel that way anymore. Okay. Have you thought about the difference of being single in the latter part of your sixties, where you are now compared to being single when you're younger?


Oh, of course. It's, it's much easier when you're older, I think. Why do you think it's easier To be single? I think it's easier because, well, I guess it depends on what we mean. What, what, what I, what I, I think it, it's very hard, it's very hard to be single when you're young because there's so many opportunities to not be single. You know, I think there, it's, it's, it's both romantic relationships and friendships. There's, you know, when, when, when you're younger, you get into these relationships fairly easily and the people that you meet who are, you know, your peers, they want those relationships and friendships too.


And it's quite different when you, when you're older, I mean, I, I, I know people actually, you know, feel melancholy about this, that it's, it's harder to, you meet people when you're older and you feel like you have a lot in common and you really like that person, and that person seems to like you, but you just don't, you just don't form the kind of friendship with that person that you did with people when you were younger. And so, in that sense, it's easier because, you know, you, you, you accept a certain amount of being alone and not seeking out people to date. Of course, every, everyone's different.


But for me, I just, I just feel like I, I, you know, I'm, I'm not distracted by the idea of dating or meeting someone or finding someone the way, you know, the way I was when I was younger, the way I was for most of my life. Okay. Then the thought comes up, what about when you get older, if you're single then and your health fails or something? Yeah. You mean who's gonna take you to the vet for the two injections Or at least for the care? Well, yeah, right. Well, it's something that, you know, it's something that people just have to face.


It's certainly, it's certainly something that, that, you know, I think about and worry about. But, but you know, this is, this is, this is what, you know, this is the way my life is. I will just have to, you know, deal with that when I, when I have to. Did people used to warn you, if you don't have children, you'll regret it when you're older? Yes. And I think that that's very reasonable. I mean, as far as I'm concerned, missing, having had children is enormous. Is enormous. I don't, I don't, you know, I did what I had to do or, you know, my life turned out as it has, but it's never, I've, I've never not been aware that in not having been a mother, in not having had a child, I have missed one of life's greatest, most interesting, most meaningful experiences.


I did. I did. And that, but you know, you, you can't, you don't do everything. You can't have everything. So is that a trade off you feel like you willingly made or do you have any regrets about the choice that you made? I don't, it's, it's, it's exactly that. I don't re no, no matter in spite of the fact that I know exactly, you know, what a huge thing I missed. I also don't regret it because it, it, it was, you know, other women are different, other people are different. I knew myself well enough to know that I was not going to be able to have the life that I wanted as a writer and be the kind of mother I would hope to be.


That's just me. I, I, you know, it, it wasn't, it wasn't going to work out. I was not going to be able to work that out. And I most certainly, unlike any number of women I know, I most certainly was not going to be able to be a good single mother that I know I would've not been good at. And, you know, I was not ever in a position where I felt real confidence with someone I was with that we could do this, and he would be there and I would be there and, and he would make a terrific father. That just didn't happen. I wanna end with the quote that opens your book.


It's a quote from Nicholson Bakker, and the quote is, the question any novel is really trying to answer is, is life worth living? Now, that's a, a great quote to open a novel that has a lot to do with suicide, but does that also sum up your idea of what, what writers really are trying to write about? Yes. I was so struck by that quote, and I FI found that quote that's from his Paris Review interview. The book was finished when I found that, and I, you know, by chance I just happened to read the, the interview and I thought it was so, so perfect, so perfectly expressed and a bit shocking when you think about it, but I think it's absolutely true, and I'm so grateful to him for having said that.


Sigrid Nunez, thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you for having me. Terry Sigrid Nunez speaking with Terry Gross in 2019, Nunez is novel. The friend has been adapted into a new film, which opens today in New York City and nationwide April 4th. Coming up, Justin Chang reviews the new French thriller Misery Cordia. This is Fresh Air Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now.


Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR having News at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the up first podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work.


So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. Our film critic, Justin Chang, says, the new French thriller misery Cordia is one of the most enjoyable and surprising films he's seen so far this year. It tells the story of a man whose return to his hometown sets off unsettling, shockwaves misery. Cordia is now in select theaters. Here is Justin's review. There have been countless movies about people heading back home after some time away and getting a less than friendly reception. Some of these characters are just searching for a little peace and quiet like the X boxer. Played by John Wayne, who returns to his Irish roots in John Ford's classic, the Quiet Man.


And then there are those like Charlize Theron's misanthropic writer in young adult who blows back into her suburban hometown looking to stir up trouble. One of the pleasures of Alan Gil's thriller misery Cordia is that you're never quite sure which camp its protagonist falls into Ami played by Felix Zu is a man of about 30, and he's hard to figure out Rly handsome, but with something cold and inscrutable in his blue-eyed gaze. As the movie begins, he's driving to a tiny French village called Sam Marchal, nestled in a hilly densely wooded countryside where residents go on long walks and forage for mushrooms.


Jmi has come back for the funeral of his former employer, a baker who's just died at the age of 62. Jmi stays with the Baker's widow Martine. She's played by the great French actor Kathleen fro, and she's open-hearted and welcoming, allowing AMI to stay on for a bit after the funeral. Rather, less hospitable is her son, van Saul, who lives nearby with his wife and son, but drops by his mom's house often each time, making it clear that Ami is overstaying his welcome. The two men have some unfinished business. They used to be friends, and there's a homo erotic undercurrent to their thinly disguised hostility.


Whatever might have happened between Ji and Sal is never spelled out. But what makes misery cordia so unsettling and also so darkly funny, is its belief that we all walk around carrying our share of latent inconvenient desires. GI D is a leading figure in European queer cinema who's best known for his 2013 gay cruising thriller stranger by the Lake. That movie was a tightly honed exercise and suspense for all the sun drenched nudity. It threw off an icy Hitchcockian chill. Since then, though Gui d's work has gotten looser, weirder, and more brazenly out there cutting across boundaries in terms of tone genre and sexuality.


His films are full of gay, straight, and often cross-generational romantic pairings. Indeed, his fascination with may December encounters may be the most taboo thing about his work in misery. Cordia AMI has no shortage of potential lust objects. He fritz from one erotic possibility to another with a callous lack of investment. He seems to have had a thing for his former boss. He hits on a burly older friend who violently rebuffs him, at least initially. There's also a village priest skulking about, played by a hilarious Jacques Deley, who seems to know all Mimi's secrets.


Ann harbors a few of his own misery. Cordia becomes a small town murder mystery of sorts complete with dead body coverup and police investigation. But this isn't one of those puzzles where the truth comes tumbling out in a sudden flurry of flashbacks and revelations. GI OD doesn't have much use for the past. He's interested in how his characters respond in the here and now. Misery Cordia knows exactly what it's doing and also seems to be making itself up as it goes along. It's meticulous and smart, but it's also spontaneous and alive.


The title is the Latin word for mercy. And as with so much here, it's shrouded in ambiguity. Remi receives more than his share of compassion from others like Martin, who is ludicrously patient with him and the priest, who, in one example of the movie's, topsy-turvy moral logic insists on confessing his sins to Ami. Gidi himself grew up in a small town in southern France, and he clearly loves telling stories set against wild and evocative landscapes where anything can happen. AMI is clearly drawn to this place too, for all its impish humor, misery, Cordia turns out to be an entirely sincere portrait of a small town where bakeries, farms and a whole way of life are on the verge of disappearing.


Perhaps making this movie was Gil D's own small act of mercy. A reminder for Ami and the rest of us that sometimes maybe you can go home again. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed the new French thriller Misery Cordia. On Monday show. We speak with British actors, Stephen Graham, who's starring in two new shows in the Hulu series, a thousand Blows. He plays a real life bare knuckle boxer fighting in Victorian London and in Netflix's adolescence. He plays the father of a 13-year-old boy arrested for murdering a classmate.


I hope you can join us To keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our senior producer today is Roberta Schrock. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Diana Martinez. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Ann Marie Baldonado, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bow.


Our digital media producer is Molly Sebe Nesper for Terry Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David Vian. Cool.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast. Every weekday, we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world. We are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Do you remember when discovering a new artist felt like finding buried treasure at all songs considered NPRs music Recommendation podcast. We put that kind of magic back into discovering new tracks. We're here to make the hunt for new music easy, delivering you the cream of the crop from every genre. We'll help you make music feel fun again, only on all songs considered from NPR.