
This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. My guest. today is Al Pacino. Don't ask me about my business. Kate, is it true? Don't ask me about my business. No. Well, I'm going to ask Pacino about his business. By which I mean his art. It sounded, It sounded like a shot to me. It did. I know. It's, it's you slamming the table. Oh, alright. As long as it's not a gun. I've had enough of those. So I'm gonna talk to Pacino about his remarkable performance in the Godfather Films and other films. We'll also talk about his life. He's written a new memoir called Sonny Boy, which is the name his mother used to call him.


It spans his life from the days he grew up in the South Bronx, raised by a single mother with little money to falling in love with the language of the great playwrights, Sternberg, Chekhov and Shakespeare. Getting his start in avant garde theater in Greenwich Village. Surprising himself by becoming a movie star. Nearly dying from Covid and all the ups and downs along the way in case you need to be reminded. Some of his Now classic films include Dog Day, afternoon, Serco and Scarface. Although he stard along with Robert De Niro and Godfather Two, they never had a scene together, but they were together in heat. And more recently in Martin Scorsese's film, the Irishman Pacino won an Oscar for his performance incent of a woman.


He won an Emmy for his performance in the HBO adaptation of the Play Angels in America, playing Roy Cohn. He starred in the film adaptation of David Mamet's Pulitzer Prize winning play Glengarry Glen Ross. And later started in a Broadway revival of the show, but in a different role. Al Pacino, welcome to Fresh Air. So exciting to have you here. Oh, Thank you. I'm very happy to be here. I wanna get to you a lot of your life. I wanna start by talking about The Godfather. So I wanna start with a scene from the first Godfather film. You've begun your transformation into the killer Michael, into the crime family. Michael. You know, you start coming home from the military.


You don't want any part of the crime family, but then you're kind of pulled in after your father is shot. So yes, here's a scene from Godfather One. You've be begun. You've begun your transformation into the hardened Michael. Your father's still alive, but Michael is preparing to take over from him. And you have become so hardened like you hardly blink in some scenes, including this one. So you're with Mo Green, a Vegas casino owner kind of modeled on Bugsy Siegel and the Corleone family has helped back him also in the scene as Michael's older brother, but not very bright brother Fredo played by John Al and the family lawyer Tom played by Robert Duval.


Mo Green is played by Alex Rocco. You speak first. Carl family wants to buy you out. Corleone family wants to buy me out. No, I buy you out. You don't buy me out. Your casino loses money. Maybe we can do better. You think I'm skimming off the top? Mike, You're unlucky. You damn guineas really make me laugh. I do you a favor and take Freddie and when you're having a bad time and then you try to push me out. Wait a Minute, you took Freddy in because the Corleone family bankrolled your casino because the Molinari family on the coast guaranteed his safety.


Now we're talking business. Let's talk business. Yeah, Let's talk business. Mike. First of all, you're all done. The Cote family don't even have that kind of muscle anymore. The Godfather is sick. Right? You're getting chased outta New York by Bini and the other families. What do you think is going on here? You think you can come to my hotel and take over? I talked to Bini. I can make a deal with him and still keep my hotel. Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? Oh no. That that was nothing Mike. Now, now Moed mean nothing by that. Sure. He flies off the handle once in a while, but, but Moed me, were good friends, right Mo? Huh? I got a business to run. I gotta kick asses sometimes to make it run right. We had a little argument Freddy and I.


So I had to straighten him out. You straightened my brother out. He was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time. Players couldn't get a drink at the table. What's wrong with you? I leave for New York tomorrow. Think about a price. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. Wait A minute, Mo Mo, I got an idea. Tom. Tom, you're the conciliary and you can talk to the Don. You can explain just A minute. Don is semi-retired and Mike is in charge of the family business. Now you have anything to say? Say it to Michael.


Mike, you don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that Fredo. You're my older brother and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the family. Again. I just love that scene so much. Yeah, it's interesting on radio too. It works. Just hearing it and not seeing Does that work though? Yeah, it does. Yeah, it really does. I was thinking maybe they'll do the Godfather on radio someday. That's great idea. Yeah. You, you know, I interviewed Michael Kane years ago and the great actor Michael Cain, he was saying yes, when you, when you're playing a powerful person, you don't wave your hands around.


'cause when you have the power, people are looking at you. Your every subtle gesture they're trying to read you, they're trying to stay in your good graces and stay safe. And so weak people move their hands around. Powerful people don't. Hmm. When we were started talking, you were moving around a lot. So I'm thinking was it hard for you to be as still as Michael is when he is exerting his power? 'cause he knows how to not be still when he needs to, but he can be very still and very opaque and very threatening at the same time. I know. I don't know how I did that. Yeah, I was wondering, I dunno, to this day, what, what possessed me?


You literally like, don't blink in that scene. I think you blinked once. How do you do that? Well, I was in the situation, as they say, and I guess it, it, it came to me, you know, because things like that happen if you, you know, stay the course. Meaning if you are with whoever you are when you're playing it and your instincts are operating, I guess I, I was lucky and I, I just went in that direction and I didn't do it consciously. You were nearly fired from the movie after the opening scene. And, and you write in the book that the opening scene was such a stupid scene for the audition because Michael is so like not a part of the family.


He doesn't really know who he is yet his future is uncharted and he's naive. So yeah, Go ahead. Judgment was off on picking that scene, I think because it's a scene of, you know, quasi exposition. So when Yes, when you're going through it, what are he supposed to do? He's just describing to his girlfriend Kay. Who later becomes his wife. Yes. Like who's here and who his family is and who they've helped kill all I know. Oh, theres wonder To set up the story. Wonderful people auditioned. Yeah, I remember them all. All of us, the young actors just doing that scene and I thought, well, what could they see from that?


You know? But somehow I was the lucky one. And because Francis always wanted me before there was a script. Francis Ford Kla. Yeah, Yeah. He always wanted me to play Michael. That was in his vision, even though it wasn't in mine. I'll tell you that. I, I thought he, he might be making a mistake. I thought You thought he was kidding and I was making a phony phone call. Well, I did think when he called me and told me that he was given the Godfather to direct, 'cause I knew him like a year ago before that, where I went out to San Francisco to do something with him and I, I saw where he worked and the, the, the Zoro trope that, that with Spielberg there and Lucas and all those department, all those seventies filmmakers that were about to explode on the scene.


and I, I had met them in San Francisco. I, and he was getting to know me for another role he was doing in a, in a movie that he wrote Love Story, which never got off the ground. and I went back to New York and I hadn't heard from him in about a year. And then he called me and I said, oh, Francis, I I, I spent some time with him three or four days. So I got to know him a little bit. and I thought this guy's got something very special. And he called me and told me he had the Godfather. I thought, now he's gone too far. I thought, what, what life can do to you? You know, now he's fantasizing things.


So I said, okay. I went along with it, but a, after a while I started to think, wait a minute. I think Paramount is pretty smart to pick this guy because this guy knows his stuff and it's an Italian American. It's, he understands it somewhere. They picked him, you know, he had won an Oscar already for the script of Patton, the George C. Scott film. That was so wonderful. And so he already was starting to establish himself in Hollywood. And then I started to think maybe he is gonna do it.


But when he said he wanted me to play Michael, then I thought, I know he's, he's really in a fantasy. So you start with Robert De Niro in Godfather two, but you're not in any scenes together because he's of a different generation from before you were born. And however, you do have scenes together in heat and also in the Irishman and I wanna play a great scene from the Irishman. Sure. Okay. So here's a scene with you and De Niro toward the end of the film. And you've just gotten out of prison. He plays Frank Sheeran. And Frank Sheeran is somebody who got very connected to the mob, and then he became you.


You played Jimmy Hoffa, the head of the Teamsters Union. He became your bodyguard. So in this scene, you've only recently gotten out of prison. There was a big kind of ceremony in your Honor. And then De Niro, as Frank Sheeran comes up to you and explained that you basically, that your time's up, that the mob wants you out of the teamsters, out of the leadership position that you want to return to. Yes. But you're both talking between the lines. You're not coming right out and saying anything. You're talking between the lines. It's a great scene. You ping pong back and forth. So let's hear it. It starts with De Niro.


Tony told the old man to tell me to tell you it's what it is. What it is. It's what it is. Please listen to me. They wouldn't dare don't, they wouldn't dare Jimmy, please. Frank, come on. Don't say they wasn't there. No, don't, don't tell me that kind of, that. That's that. That's fairytale. Please, please don't, don't say they wasn't there. Please, something funny happens to me. They're done. You understand that. And they know it because I got files, I got proof, I got records, I got tapes.


Anytime I want, they'll be gone. These spend the rest of their lives in jail. And they know it. They know it. But what you're saying is what they're concerned about, but I'm saying is I know things. I know things. Do you want to go? They don't know. I know. Please do you wanna take that chance? What chance am I, why should I be taking a chance? They're saying this is it. They're saying this is it. And then it's it. Come on, Jimmy, I'm trying to tell you something. I know you are, you're telling me they're threatening me and I gotta do what they say, which is, but it's more absolutely a threat. It's the bottom line. Bottom line. It's, it's what it is. They do something to me. I do something to them.


That's all I know. I don't know anything else. Do you, You don't get that De Niro's telling you they're gonna kill you unless you do it. Yeah. And they do. Yeah. So Alpha, so you and De Niro are both such intense actors. You're of the same generation. So when you're working together, do you have a similar style of, of either preparing or like, does one of you want like a thousand takes and other one of you only want one? You know, like what are your commonalities in your clashes when you're working together? I see, I, I I see you all just commonalities there. I mean, I, it's like, we've been doing this for many years and even when we did Heat together, and Bob said to me when it's a scene just between the two guys, if you remember, in Heat.


And he, he said to me, let's not rehearse. I said, okay, let's not. So I went to the scene and Michael Mann approved of not rehearsing and I thought it was a good idea because these two guys didn't know each other. So, and we sort of knew our words, but so what if we didn't? We were there and it went on. And that's the scene. And it worked. And because it, it, it worked because we were meeting for the first time in the, in the movie.


Right. It's interesting. I was ready to rehearse and he said, let's try not rehearsing. Let's just do it that way. See what happens. and I feel he was really right. So we have that kind of freedom with each other because we know each other from years of working and yeah. He's, he's so easy to work with Bob, you know, he, he just, anything you do or say and he's there, he hears it. So you grew up in the South Bronx, you hung out with a pretty tough crowd. Yeah. And you still like jumped from rooftop to rooftop. Oh Yeah. We were wild. Wild. You threw Trash Down more Wild. You, you'd be on the rooftop and throw trash down on Saturday nights Too.


Well, we would on Saturday nights when we like To young men with their dates. Yeah, Yeah. We would go there and throw like lettuce at 'em and stuff. And don't they always want to kill us? But they couldn't catch us. Was that We would do it on occasion. On occasion. We didn't do it a lot. But when we did, I remember it. Where was the fun in doing that? God only knows. 'cause everybody else was doing it. That's what we, it was something we were all doing together. Like we were in an orchestra. We just were go up there and like, part of growing up where I was, was being chased. That was the fun of everything. Chased by who? Well, anybody that we screwed around with.


And, you know, that's how we, we did, we didn't only do these things. I'm sorry they stand out from time to time. But I remember my childhood is running. At least three of your closest friends died of drug related deaths. Were they heroin overdoses? Yeah. How did you imagine manage to avoid that yourself? Well, I believe my mother, my mother just was there and she just, no way. I, you know, like there's scenes in the book that reflect that, you know, we, we, it was just territory there in the South Bronx.


We were, they were calling me late at night on a school night and to come on out, you know, who knows what they were gonna be doing. I think it's in the book too. And they call up and my mother just said no. and I was so angry with her. You know, it, all these things come back to you and you finally, I remember when, about 30 years ago, I'm in my house in New York. I was in a, I had a house there and I'm shaving to go to an event that's, I, there's, I'm getting on an award of some sort.


and I I was thinking about, what am I gonna say? You know, I, so I started thinking about, and then it just dawns on me. I'm shaving. You always see my face in the mirror. and I thought you are here because of your mother. What's, what's the matter with you? I said, it's true. So I had this realization at age 52 that my mother was everything, you know? How old was she when she died? Did she get to see you be successful? No, my grandfather and all my mother saw me. They both died before I became successful.


Yep. Your parents divorced before you were two? Yeah. When you were around eight months old, you were taken away from your mother and No, when I, I think I was a year, a year and a half. and I stayed with them for eight months. You stayed with your grandparents? Yeah, my father's mo my father's mother and father. And you say at least you were replaced for that with family and not, not a foster home. Yeah. That's why Were you taken away from your mother? I, I would imagine, of course. I, I'm not very clear on that. I learned that after my mother had died from relatives that came to see me on Broadway and I.


Just, it was just a revelation. And then a, you know, a a a a bulb went off in my head and I thought Uhoh. There it is. That's why I do some of the things I do. Like what I don't know, like if the behavior I had and the way I was in life. And, and that started me, I went into therapy for the next 40 years After finding out about that trauma. It's just trauma, you know, trauma. We all have trauma. Trauma you didn't even know you had. It's interesting. Yeah, I Didn't, but that doesn't mean it didn't affect you.


Of course. No, no. So I, I know that my, my grandmother on my father's side raised me to the point where my grandmother and grandfather, that she had visitation rights in the divorce papers, she found out. And she was simply the most wonderful person I think I went through when I was a year and a half that tough stuff off. So we need to take a short break here. So let me reintroduce you. My guest is Al Pacino and he is written a new memoir called Sunny Boy. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


Okay. So does this sound like you, you love NPR R'S podcast. You wish you could get more of all your favorite shows and you wanna support NPR R'S mission to create a more informed public. If all that sounds appealing, then it is time to sign up for the NPR plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform with real time insights and forecasting, you're able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash Fresh. Air


Hey, it's Aisha Harris from Pop Culture Happy hour. If you love NPR podcast, you'll want the new NPR plus podcast bundle. Enjoy an all you CANet selection of NPR Plus podcast with sponsor free listening and bonus episodes. Plus you'll be supporting public radio. Check it out@plus.npr.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Al Pacino. He has a new memoir called Sonny Boy. When we left off, we were talking about growing up in the South Bronx with his grandparents and single mother. There was a point where your mother was crying and kissing you all over and you were very young and you weren't understanding what's up. Why is this happening? And then you return home and you see there's an ambulance and front of the building and it's your mother who they're there for. Yeah. Was that, did she attempt to die by suicide? Yeah. Yes. How old were you?


I was about six. Did it register on you? What had happened? Did you comprehend it? I couldn't quite at six, I knew something was up and I, I, I was, I was, you know, I lived with my grandmother and grandfather and my mother and I remember they all sitting at a table. I think this was after the war. So my uncle would be there and my, my aunt would be there. Everybody was talking about what to do. and I remember sitting there and they, they, they let me sit there. So I didn't quite understand what they were saying, but I knew it was a serious thing.


And, but you know, she came back and Yeah. That must have been traumatizing too. Leaving on or seeing her in the streets. Somebody said to me as I'm running to see the ambulance, you know, we rarely saw ambulances coming on our block and I saw and there she was on a stretcher going into the, into the ambulance. and I thought, of course, I couldn't believe it was my mother, mother. These things don't happen to my mother, you know, and it was her 'cause they said, Hey, I hear it's your mother, Sonny. It's your mother. Mother got my mother.


I said, no, nothing happens to my mother. and I remember that feeling? And then the shock seeing her in that it was, as they say, surreal. But it's clear in my memory. Yeah. She must have loved movies. 'cause she took you to the movies when you were Oh, she loved everything. My mother was very smart. She was, she read and had played the piano and I mean, very poor of course. But she was very, very intelligent. And my mother decided to go to the theater and take me to Broadway shows, among other things.


But she loved cattle on a hot tin roof and those kind of shows. She was very into, She took you to see when you were five, she took you to see The Lost Weekends during Ramma Land as this like raging alcoholic. It's a great film. But he, you know, he, he got very self-destructive and I don't know, you were five and then you started acting out those scenes at home. Yeah, I started acting out the scenes because you're So into it. Scenes. Yeah. I would act all the time when mom took me to the movies, I'd come back. 'cause we lived alone and there was nobody there to play with. So I'd act out all the parts in the films I saw. and I and I acted out the last weekend and I showed it to my mother.


My mother said, oh, what is this? And they started laughing and then she'd show it to the families. Or when I was somewhere, they'd say, Sonny, do the Do the Lost Weekend. and I would do the last weekend. and I never understood why they would laugh at someone in this predicament because it's where he's searching for a bottle of booze that he hid somewhere when he was sober and now he couldn't find it. And when he was drunk and now he can't find it. And he goes crazy opening drawers. And so, and I love doing that. I think it's, it's a memory and I and they would be laughing and I would say, why are they laughing to myself Actually?


Do you understand now? I sort of do. It's kind of funny to see a 5-year-old playing Well yeah, an adult in crisis. Yeah. A dealt in crisis Didn't, it was totally disillusioned. And, you Know, with real commitment. I was right there. Yeah. You became an actor. Yes. Yeah. And, and you fell in with avant garde theater, which I, I didn't know until reading the book, but even before that, you'd fallen in love with Sternberg and Chekhov and Shakespeare. Oh God, yes. I was I'm curious, like, as a, as a teenager, before you were really deeply involved with theater, although you did go to the high school in performing arts. Yes.


So can you recite a few lines that really stuck with you and meant something important to you when you were in your teens from one of those three Sternberg checkoff Shakespeare? I, oh boy. I feel like I'm in audition. You're gonna be graded. I don't know what that would be. I, I, oh no, that was from a play I did called the King and I. Whenever I feel afraid, I hold my head erect whistle a happy too. So no one will suspect, I'm afraid.


The other one was, I guess somewhere I have never traveled gladly beyond any experience. Your eyes have, their silence in your most frail gesture are things which enclose me or which I cannot touch because they are too near something. Your your look will easily unloose me though, though I have closed myself as fingers. You open always me pedal by pedal as, as spring opens, touching skillfully mysteriously a first rose.


I do not know what it is about you that opens and closes. I only know that the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses. Nobody, not even the rain has such small hands. Ah, there it is. Impromptu. What, what was that from? That's Ee Cummings. Oh, okay. So you sang a few bars of Whistle of Happy Tune. Yeah, I was in the King and I. That's why I remember it.


I was surprised to read that you were in musicals. I never, I, yes, I've never heard you sing until this Very moment. I was offered, I was offered a musical, what was that? A big one? Sort of, oh, what's the big movie they made? Soa the Greek. Yes, they did Zorba and I. I was offered it to play the, but before Alan Bates role, Oh, I think you say Anthony Quinn onstage. I couldn't Imagine that. It was Anthony Quinn and, and Alan Bates. They wanted me to play the Bates role on Broadway, Hal Prince. 'cause he saw me in India, wants the Bronx. So he asked me if I would come in and audition.


So I had to go with somebody who, who's actually turned out to be Marvin Hamish and I didn't know at the time. And he wasn't well known at the time. and I would go to his house, his apartment in Brooklyn with his mother and father. and I would practice, you know, with him. I never said anything to him. I just went in there practiced. So, so there was a place that Mary Martin was on Broadway doing something, some play, I forget. And then it, it was a kind of innovation. They had the piano on stage, but hidden by curtains. So that's where I auditioned for Hal Prince.


After working with Marvin, Hamish and I went into the theater towards to, and I auditioned with the song from Guys and Dolls, which is Luck. Be a Lady Tonight, you know. and I started on doing it, and Marvin Hamish was supposed to be there. But I, I looked around and I didn't see the piano or anything. and I said, you know, to the folks out there, I was, I was auditioning with this guy who was teaching me how to sing. So, but I don't think he's, he's not here now. I said, so I don't know. And then all of a sudden I heard him yelling from behind the curtain in the back.


I'm here, I'm here. So I thought, oh, I have to go through with this audition now. So I sang, you know, and forgot all the words and I remember leaving. And it wasn't a good audition, if you know what I mean. And, and I remember leaving with him and, and he said to me, you know, I thought, I thought you would maybe forget some of the lines, but you forgot all of the lines. He was mad. I said, well, I don't know. I I I'm just not used to it, I guess. But anyway, they gave me the part.


Well, let's take a break here and then we'll talk some more if you're just joining us. My guest is Al Pacino. He has a new memoir and it's called Sunny Boy. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


If you listen on the regular to the Fresh Air podcast, then I know you'll love some of the other NPR podcasts too. Here's why NPR Plus is worth your time and money. You get perks, like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access shop discounts, and more for over 20 different NPR podcasts like this one. Support what you love and stop hearing promos like this1@plus.npr.org,


Studies have shown that elections can spike feelings of stress and anxiety. That's why NPR R'S Pop Culture Happy Hour is there to help you feel more grounded. As we talk about the busiest TV, movies and music, try a show on HBO's industry or a round table on Romcoms to take a step back from the news of the day, at least before you plunge back in tomorrow. New episodes every week on pop culture. Happy Hour from NPR Honest Human Stories. That is what we do at NPR and we do it for you. Keep listening.


The This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Al Pacino. He's written a new memoir. It's called Sunny Boy. You were gonna turn down the role in Godfather too. Well, the only reason I stayed in Godfather one is, I mean, you, you would quit if you were in it when everybody, when everybody's over there giggling at what you're doing, you know, and the whispers on the set. I said, I don't wanna be here. I said, I don't like being around people who don't want me around. I'd never been that way. I just sort of shy off. I don't wanna be there. But for Godfather too, I mean, godfather one was already a success, but with Truth. Oh yeah, godfather too. Mario Puzo comes up to you with the script that he'd written and he said, this is crap.


Yes. He said, I just want you to know before you read it, they want to do it, and that this is crap. and I read it. And he was right. It was, it was not good. And so I, I just thought, well, I I, and they kept upping the ante. They kept giving me more money, But This, and I kept saying, but I don't want to do it. And then finally, when Francis, 'cause Francis wasn't on the project, so Francis got on the project and he cut them off at about 700,000. He said, no, he doesn't want money. He wants a good script. Stop giving him the money. Wait, so did, was the script rewritten?


Yeah. Well, he wrote It. This is a great script. Oh, I know. It was a great script. Coler Rew the script. Yeah. With, with Mario. And partially it was almost done, but me and Charlie still didn't think certain things were right. So me and Charlie went out to San Francisco and we said, let's, let's see if we could do this. You know, because, and, and, and, and Francis did really a great job. And he, he just did. And, and we just worked with him a little bit. and I remember thinking that was a very memorable moment, you know?


So then it was done. I said yes, and it was a tough shoot for me because I just don't know. It was a time of my life where it's hard to describe it without lying down on the couch. It was hard Because of your personal life or Of of course, everything, I guess where my drinking had gotten to or all of it. I, I, I found myself in a, in a state of mind that was, oh, difficult.


I took Valium. Remember those days? Or you don't, you took Valium. Valium. I remember those days. Do you remember Valium? Of course. Oh, I didn't take it. But no, certainly knew all about it. I mean, it was, it was everywhere. It was like, there were jokes about it and dramas about it. It was like one of the first really popular Yeah. Anti-anxiety medications. Yeah. I took that in drag at the same time. Which is a no-No, that's, Yeah, that is. So I was a lucky boy. How did you manage to get through the film? You're so good at it. I mean, you're so good in the film. How did you manage? Well, that's probably why I was so, but thank you for mentioning that. It's, it, it just went very far.


I went very far into it because I always thought by the end of, of Godfather one, it looked like Michael was starting to become encased in whatever this thing took over him. You know, this place he went to, to survive, to save his father's life and to continue his life. And it was a tough one. So, you know, 'cause I I, I sort of see in Godfather two, a man who's cutting himself off. You just had to emotionally shut down to do what he Yeah. Felt he needed to do.


Yes. Yes. Mean, and become a monster. Yes. Did that have an impact on you having to emotionally Shut down? It Had to for the role. It had to, it had to. I've learned since when you play situations and, and people that ha are caught up in that web, it's, it's best to be happy every day and sing cherry songs and then go on. Yeah. It's, it's actually true. I've known some actors, very good actors who just say, Nope, nope, I'm just doing my thing.


They could be dancing and singing and then just go right to it, but not you. And at that time I would do it. Now of course I do it. Yeah. The more difficult the role, the more you know, and the more demanding or whatever you go the other way in your preparation because you got it all in you now. I mean this, you know, I, I think just to experience in doing this, the, the saying goes, time keeps me green. You know, because when you are acting or that, that thing that we do, and after a while it gets there into the body and into the, it just, it, it, it's a part becomes part of you.


And you don't have to act anymore. Well, let's take a break here and then we'll talk some more. If you're just joining us, my guest is Al Pacino. He has a new memoir and it's called Sunny Boy. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


As election day approaches, NPR r's consider this podcast is zooming in on six states that could determine who wins the White House, Georgia, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona, and Pennsylvania. We'll ask voters in these swing states what matters to them and which way they want the country to go. Follow along with new episodes this week on the consider this podcast from NPR.


Ever look up at the stars and wonder what's out there on Shortwave, we ask big questions about our universe from baby galaxies to the search for alien life. We explore the celestial science behind these questions. Listen now to the Shortwave podcast from NPR. Some of our favorite planets aren't even real, but could they be here on shortwave? We journey to other planets, distant galaxies in our universe, and in our favorite works of science fiction. Listen now to the Shortwave podcast from NPR


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Al Pacino. He's written a new memoir. It's called Sunny Boy. So you had to have surgery on your carotid artery, I guess it was clogged. Oh God. On both of them? Yeah, Both of them. Okay. Yeah. And I had four strokes. Oh, I didn't realize that. It, it was not fun. But at the same time, it was diagnosed as something else. and I thought I'm having some ocular migraines as it was, but it wasn't, it was something else. TIAs and they're small, they're sort of minor. And then it was happening with frequency.


And it's the kind of a thing where all of a sudden, you know, you, you can't quite see and then you can't quite speak. You, you can't talk, put words together. And that's kind of scary when you're driving a car. So I thought this is something. And it went on for about a half hour to get You had one of these TIA mini strokes while you were driving a car. Yeah, I did. Oh, it's lucky you survived that. Ah, Lucky. Yeah. I wanna ask you about another medical event that, you know, almost killed you. This is like during the covid. Oh, the covid thing. You almost died. You flatlined. Well, that's what I thought I did.


I was standing there. I was getting, I had covid and I. I was getting, how do you call it? I was dehydrated and so they were hydrating me. The next thing I know, I'm opening my eyes and there's six paramedics in my living room and two doctors dressed like they're spacemen head to toe with all this stuff over them. Oh, detective gear to prevent covid. What? From spreading to them? Yeah. Yes. I thought, what could this be? I just thought, whoa. Do you live alone now? Yeah. How do you like it?


I'm not crazy about it, but what's the alternative? I live in such a great place and, and such a good area. and I have friends and that's good. and I go out to dinners with people and, and so I'm, I'm fine. What you do say in the book is that you thought you had experienced death. I sure did. I really did. But what I mean, it was like, so, but experience was like nothingness. It wasn't, I'm sorry to say that. Yeah. You didn't see like a bright light. You didn't feel like you were looking down at yourself from the sky or, or the ceiling.


It was just like the absence of anything. No, I Saw Marvin Hamish playing the piano. I'm just joking. I mean, I get it. You get it. Yeah. I didn't see anything. I opened my eyes, I thought what happened? That's what I thought. And then I saw this, and you know what? And that's a new experience. I never had that experience. And then they started watching me and stuff. And the recovery and, and all, Whether you nearly died or just briefly unconscious. Well, it did have an effect on me. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm in interested in. I do think exactly right. I do think about now more about death than I ever did before.


and I think about what is this and how do one, how does one just understand it a little better? But there's various ways, you know, and the best I think is not to think about it, but try that For some people the answer is, oh, now I believe in God. For other people it is, you know? Well, I always believe in God. I mean, whatever that is, I always do. I always have. Oh, that's something that is whatever God is. Did it make you any more or less afraid of death? I think I got a little more concerned about it.


Let's put it this way. Or I wonder about it. You know, I'm, I'm in my 85th year. So that's, that's there. It's, you know, when you talk to people, it's, it's there. It's gonna be there. How could it not be there? Has it affected how you wanna spend whatever time you have left? No. Whatever time I have left is, I don't think that way. I didn't mean like, oh, it's, it's, this is like the end. But I mean, like, sometimes you rethink like, what do I want out of life at this stage of my life? Do I wanna work more? Do I wanna work less? Well, yes.


You know, it's a question of appetite and desire to do what everybody does really. Sometimes you have appetite to go home and look at the football game, but appetite to take on something as part of your, your, your history. I mean, I'm, I've been doing this my whole life. I can't think of anything else I would do. Sometimes you can't afford not to do it. So you go do something and you know, like they say at aa, bring the body, the mind will follow. So you go and say, I don't know that I want to do this particularly role, but it's a good role and I'll bring my, my body and my mind will follow.


Once I start to work on it, those juices come and then the thing that goes along with it comes. That's how I see it. And if you are lucky, you read something and you wanna do it, you have an appetite to do it. So there are very few things like that that have happened to me in my life that I had the appetite to do a particular role. And usually those roles were failures when I did them. So who can say Thank you so much for talking with us.


Oh, it's been a pleasure. Thank you. Thank You for all your great films, all your great performances and for the book. Thank you very much. Thank you. Be well. You too. Al Pacino's new memoir is called Sunny Boy. Let's close with a famous scene from his film. Dog Day afternoon. Pacino's character is robbing a bank to pay for his lover's gender affirmation surgery. But everything's gone wrong. And he's holding everyone at the bank hostage. In this scene, he stepped outside where he's surrounded by police. Police snipers are on the surrounding rooftops. And a police detective played by Charles Durning is trying to get him to release the hostages. A crowd of people has gathered outside the bank watching the whole spectacle.


Come on, quit by your head. All you got is attempted robbery. Armed robbery. Alright, arm then. Yeah, nobody's been hurt. Release the hostages. Nobody one's gonna worry over kidnapping charges. The most you're gonna get is five years. You get out in one year, huh? Kiss me. Yeah. What? Kiss me when I'm being, I'd like to get kissed a lot. Come on, come on, come on. You're a city cock, right? Robbing a banks a federal offense. They got me on kidnapping, armed robbery. They're gonna bury me, man. I don't want to talk to somebody who's trying to calm me. Get somebody in charge of you. I am. And try to, I don't wanna talk to some fluky pig trying to calm me, man. You don't have to be calling you pig. What's doing? What do you get back there? What in there for? Whatcha get doing? Get back doing. Look at him.


Get over there. Go back there man. Get over there. What? He wants to kill me so bad. He can taste it. I always gonna kill you. Annika Annika. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, we'll remember Quincy Jones and listen back to my 2001 interview with him. He died Sunday. He was an arranger, composer, and producer for music that spans from the big bands through bebop, pop, movie soundtracks, TV themes, and hip hop.


He arranged or produced recordings for Frank Sinatra, Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin, and produced Michael Jackson's albums Off the Wall, bad and Thriller. I hope you'll join us. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne Marie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Childer, Susan Kudi, and Anna Balman.


Our digital media producers are Molly Cper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta s Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross. From poll numbers to talking points to all the drama, we get it. Election season can be a lot. That's why here at NPR R'S Pop Culture happy Hour podcast, we're in the business of providing a little release from the squeeze of the political season. Try out any of our shows on the latest in tv, movies, and music to keep you grounded and bring you back to earth. New episodes every week on pop culture. Happy hour only from NPR. If you're black or brown or a person of color, you know that stories about race in the news can sometimes feel like they're made for a different audience at Code Switch.


We're not about that. We're interested in how race and identity shape your world in real and sometimes funny ways. Come work it out with us together on the Code Switch podcast from NPR. Do you feel like there's more on your to-do list than you can accomplish? Or maybe the world's problems feel extra heavy these days? We can't eliminate stress, but we can manage it. It's almost like I have a new operating system now. Like I tend to live more in this light. Stress less a quest to reclaim your calm. A new series from NPRs Life Kit podcast.