
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world. Each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley and My guest today is Alex Van Halen of the iconic Rock Band. Van Halen Jump was Van Halen's biggest hit, and it became an anthem when it came out in 1983. Even though a record executive once said, it sounded like the kind of music you'd hear between baseball innings. Alex Van Halen shares this story and his new memoir, brothers, which he wrote after the loss of his younger brother Eddie, who died of cancer in 2020, known for their extravagant high energy performances.


Van Halen is credited with being one of the most influential rock bands of all time. The book covers the first three decades of Eddie and Alex's music career, which started from their arrival as kids to the United States from the Netherlands, the influence of their father, who was a Dutch jazz musician, and the formation of the rock band. In 1974, after meeting vocalist David Lee Roth and bassist Michael Anthony, but most importantly brothers, is a love letter to the music they created. And Eddie, who has been called for decades, one of the greatest guitarists of all time. Van Halen disbanded after Eddie died in 2020. But throughout their run, van Halen produced 12 studio albums, two live records, and 56 singles.


They were included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2007. Alex Van Halen, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you for having me, Alex. This was a beautiful read and I feel like there is no better way to ground this conversation than to start at the beginning of this book, because the way you write is so poetic and the way that both you and Ed talk about your relationship, which you use his words in this book, really gives us a grounding and I wanna read just this first, this first piece that you have on the very first page.


It says, without my brother, I would not be, we fight, argue, we even argue about agreeing on things. But there is a bond and unconditional love that very few people ever experience in their lifetime. We're not a rock band, we're a rock and roll band. Alex is the Rock, I'm the role. And that was your brother. He wrote that about the two of you. Did he write it or did he say that at one time? I'm not quite sure, but when, when I hear it, even though I've heard that a hundred times, when I hear it again, it brings a, a lump to my throat. We, we literally were yin and yang with the, the, the two halves of a hole.


However, it's been characterized and it made, it made the, when that says that even we fight when we argue, yeah, that's sure and my way, no your way, no both ways. It, it, it bled into everything we did, whether it was writing songs, even though Ed did the majority of the music, you know, we all had a hand into bending, into twisting it the way that we felt appropriate for what we were doing. Meaning that, you know, you can't have a nine minute song on your first record. Well, you can, but it doesn't serve you well. So the constant juggling and adapting, and I wouldn't call it compromising, but blending is really the word that I'm looking for.


It's kinda like making a soup. All those things kind of come together. And then you, you, you walk away at the end of the day with something that you say, okay, this is pretty good. Let's see what happens tomorrow. Because we left, we left a lot unfinished. You left a lot unfinished. You spent your whole lives together. You're basically like twins 20 months apart. Yeah. How much of the music did you listen to while writing this book? I'll be honest with you, man, I, I, I went through a lot of emotional issues, but I, I, I basically had PTSD when he, when he passed, I didn't know what, why I was yelling and screaming at people.


and I was borderline violent. I didn't hit anybody. I don't hurt anybody. I'm too old for that. But the feelings of frustration and this inexcusable way of behaving to my closest friends and my family was, it was all wrong, you know? So I saw it help and found out what it was. Yeah. It was the, the pain of the loss. Yeah. It's, it's indescribable. You know, I, I had the, the pleasure and the good fortune of being close friends with the RO family, and Steve lost a couple of members. He lost two brothers. So, after, Can you, I'm sorry.


Can you reference who the Pcca family is? Just so we'll have those who don't know. Well, they were probably the most famous studio musicians and later made a band called Toto. I, I just thought I talked to Steve. You shouldn't have called it Toto. What should he have called it? Yeah, I don't know. Well, but the thing is about, it's not really named after Little Dog. The original name was for n Toto, which means, in total, they were a band that did things in total, that was the Italian version of it. But anyway, so I, I went to visit him 'cause I really, I, I really didn't know where to, who to talk to, who I could relate to.


It's difficult to find people your own age and your own musical history and background that I can, you can communicate with. So I was talking with Steve. I'm laughing because the punchline was at the very end. I leave and I'm maybe 15 minutes out from his house, and he calls me and he says, Hey Al, I just realized I never dealt with any of it, which I found profound because of, indirectly because of Ed and my problem. He, he finally would admit that he, you know, it's not done yet. And that's, that's really what it is. You're never gonna be read of it. There's gonna be memories. There's gonna be people, there's gonna be instances that, whether it's smells or food or places where you've been together before.


And you know, obviously every time I hear some of our music, that puts me right back there. Yeah. And that helped you in the writing of this book. But that was such a painful place to be. Yes. 'cause that is, that is the basis, that's the core of you and your brother's relationship. Yeah. It was fun to read about your origin story, because it allows us to see how the two of you saw yourselves. Because at, at your core, you guys always seem to see yourselves really as immigrant children from the Netherlands who fulfilled this American dream. Is it really true that you didn't even know English when you arrived in the States? That's true. I'm trying to, you know, coming to America was such an overload, essential overload of colors and smells, and the weather was different and the people were different, and the cars were huge compared to what we had in Holland.


It was a lot to take in. But I kind, I kind of rode the wave, so to speak. You know, ed was very, very sensitive in that, in that way, if not always. So it was a good mix between the two of us. I, I kind of plowed ahead and then Edwards would analyze or, or be overwhelmed by things. But, you know, it was, it was a different time. It was 1962, I think it was the moment. Yeah. You were eight and he was six. Yes. With your mom being Indonesian and your father being Dutch, right. They were an interracial couple. And you were mixed race children. Yes.


Why did your parents choose to come to the United States? What were they fleeing from? There was a lot of political turmoil in Indonesia, and to put it simply, they didn't want the, they wanted to be free of the colonial power structure. And they saw my dad as part of that because he was Caucasian. Our parents were already married, so the best thing that they could do, they thought rather than live in, in the middle of someplace with conflict, where you really are, the, the, the Caucasian people really were a minor minority at that time in Indonesia, even though they were the ruling class. They moved to Holland.


It was my dad's home country. And there the shoe was on the other foot, you know? Now, now my mom is the minority and she's easily identifiable. You know, I'm laughing because, you know, it's absurd. But people do on this planet. But that's another story. So they, they moved to Holland and she was really, really got the brunt of racism, you know, all the time. It was, even as children, we saw it happen. But, you know, it's, you can, you can look back on it depending on how, how you navigate it. It could be a positive, it could be a negative. I never, it never really affected me as, as much as it did ed. It, it can either make you tougher or it can make you hate people or angry.


I never had any of that. You know, I, as a musician, you welcome everybody. Why would you, why would you cut your audience, you know, get, let everybody come in. Let's go play. What was their cho what was the choice for them moving to the United States? Was it because of what they were experiencing in Holland around Yes. Their relationship At that time, my mother had a sister who lived in a city called Pasadena, and she kept sending letters and all these different communications of how wonderful it was. And the weather is great. It's just like Indonesia.


Oranges are a penny a piece, which is un you know, in, in Holland you don't really get oranges. You get 'em once in a while and they, they ship them from Spain and they come elaborately wrapped. It's a big ordeal. But that aside, so oranges for a penny a piece was very attractive for my mom. And, and, and us too, as, as well. How did your parents meet? The way my mom explained it to me was he, he showed up on his motorcycle and he, he didn't have any underwear on. Wow, That's a love story. You know, those kind of stories. Little humor, I think, because, you know, living in those times was very, things were not secure.


The second world war had just ended, and now everything's headed for another conflict and another disagreement. And, you know, God only knows what's gonna happen. So, but my mom came from a very wealthy family in Indonesia. They owned a bit of a railroad piece or something, and they, they were higher up the, the food chain. But to my mom being working in an office and wearing a suit and a tie, nothing was higher than that. In her, in her ambition and for our whole life, that's all she ever asked was, Alex Edward, please wear a suit. She had you guys playing classical music.


Classical music was in the house 24 7. That, and military marches, because my dad had to get to be able to work in, in Holland, he had to join the Air Force, so they would do the dignitary marches and all that. But yeah, basically it was, as a musician, you know, you, you have to, you have to look for opportunity and every musician knows that you, and you make do with what you got. But being, being in the military was, I think very indirectly was very much involved with how we were brought up, being strict with the kids.


There was no question about it. You know, you do it or you else, you're gonna get your ass beat. And, and they will never beat us a lot, but just enough to, Just enough to get you in line. Bingo. You know, it was very normal. Corporal punishment was very typical at that time. Alex music was in your blood because your dad was a jazz musician, so you were watching him while you guys were also performing yourselves. What was your earliest recollection of doing gigs? The first thing we wanted to do was put a band together and I think the first band we did put together was a band called The Broken Combs, which was, I played socks and Ed played piano, had two other guys in there.


And we managed to play for the school, the school functions. And it was a good lesson for us as well. You always knew you'd be in a band and you always knew that it would actually be with your brother. How did you know that rock was your calling? You feel it, you know, music is not an intellectual endeavor. It's not, it's not what people think it is. You feel it. You either you dig it or you don't. Right. It's that simple. I think it was to jump around a little bit, I think it was Count base. He said, there's only two kinds of music, good music and the other kind.


But that, that kind of, that kind of, that's, it's very, that's how simple it is. You know, if you like it, do it. As long as it's not illegal. You knew what kind of music that you wanted to play. As soon as you experienced rock, you experienced you guys like so many teenagers during that time period. It was the British invasion. It was The Beatles. Yes. Yep. Also a lesser known group called the Dave Clark five Bingo. I, I'm glad you mentioned that. It was those guys. They were really what we thought was the epitome of that kind of music at the time. And what was it about them that blew your mind? They Had a grunge, a grungy sound that, that the saxophone provided. And because I think maybe somewhere in our psyche, because our dad played saxophone, it was deeper in our, you, our DNA, but, you know, I, it's a good thing we didn't bet on anything and that we weren't financial advisors.


'cause he would've bet the wrong horse. But, but yeah. So, so when The Beatles come, came, I mean, they were brilliant. There's, there's no, no, no aspect of what they did was, was, was not brilliant. Hard days Night was the first MTV long video, if you will. You know, they were, these guys were just brilliant. And not to mention their music, the, the talent and the music that came out was unmatched. I mean, there were a lot of bands around, a lot of, from Herman's Herwitz to the Seeds, do you name, I can't even name them all. But the Beatles clearly were a notch above all that.


And that appealed to us. No, like they gave you, I mean, they gave you really the rock and roll Holy Ghost. I mean, because you, yeah. You experienced them and you immediately shifted your focus from the music that you were playing to then finding your own sound. I'm really interested, though, in how you and Eddie came to your instruments. Because at first the guitar was your instrument, right? Yes. How did it become Eddie's? I was a very, I was taught very strict and very by The book. You know, you learn to read, you learn the chords, blah, you listen to the classical music and all that. But I had no connection with the instrument.


I just wasn't, I hate to use the, the, the old expression, I just wasn't Feeling It. Right. So one, and this, this story about Ed doing papers and I that I became better than him was not quite how it happened. But the fact was, when Ed played, he made that instrument sing. It was unbelievable. I'm going, ed, you're playing guitar. I want drums. Besides Dave. Clock five was my idol, and he was the drummer. So, but again, it, it was on a serious note, when Ed played the guitar, he made it sing. I want us to play a little bit of, of Eddie on his guitar. 1986 Peak Van Halen.


This is live in New Haven. The crowd is electric. And we see your brother in all of his glory at the top of his powers as a guitarist. He gets up there and I think it's like a 12 minute guitar solo called Eruption. Let's play a little bit of it.


That was the late Eddie Van Halen playing a solo. The one, only, the one and only That entire performance. Alex is mesmerizing. I mean, Eddie looks like he's having the time of his life. That's 'cause he is, he played guitar from the moment he woke up to the moment he went to sleep. And it was just his way of, of either communicating or finding peace with himself under Earth. I don't know. And I'm, I'm certainly not gonna stop him while he's getting better and better every day. So, yeah. You know, that requires a lot of waiting and a lot of beer Because of waiting and beer. Because you all were literally in a house together.


Yes. And you're watching him perfect what we would see on stage. Yes. Yeah. And we only had one record player. So, you know, How would you describe his relationship to his guitar and what it allowed him to express? There was a time, well, again, because of the, the early that you become somewhat separated from the crowd by being a musician, you take it a step further and then, then when, when the rock and roll vibe permeated the country and you have a guitar right there, there, here come the girls. It's just that Ed had a sensitivity that was very difficult to describe, you know, and I don't think all of us were aware of it at the time because we're all trying to be tough guys.


You know, you're out in the street and better get tough on the kid level. But I think I was pretty much in tune with what he was trying to do. The problem with Ed was he could play anything. So the most difficult thing for him was to find his own voice. And he spent a lot of time doing it then when he finally found it, that was it. Big smile. Our guest today is Alex Van Halen. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air.


I live my


Support for this message comes from Sony Pictures presenting the new movie here, reuniting the director, writer and stars of Forrest Gump. Here is an original film about multiple families and a special place they inhabit from Visionary Director Robert ecs, Tom Hanks, and Robin Wright Star in this tale of love, loss, laughter, and life, all of which happen right here, here is now playing exclusively in theaters.


This message comes from Apple Card. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which cannot automatically earn interest. When you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card, apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC, terms and more@applecard.com.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley and My guest today is Alex Van Halen from the Rock Band Van Halen. He's written a new memoir that covers the first three decades of the Van Halen brothers journey in music, their childhood in the Netherlands, and later in working class Pasadena, California meeting and working with Front Man David Lee Roth and the creation of the Van Halen sound. The book is also a love letter from Alex to his younger brother Eddie, who died in 2020. Alex, you wrote about David Lee Roth, the lead singer. You said this, the bottom line is that Dave desperately wanted to be an artist, but something was always missing. He could never really feel the music.


He didn't get the part where you need to resonate with something deeper. Something like the eternal force of the universe. That was like a very powerful thing to say about your lead man because his showmanship also seemed to provide something that you and your brother needed. And that was this front man. Because absolutely. People weren't going to shows just to see instrumentalists play during that time period. The very fact that you're calling it a show tells me which part of the human organism is actually getting the information. It's your eyes take in 90% of the information that you process in your brain, which is ironic because we work in a sound medium.


But I was afraid to put it that way because people think I'm too analytical. But this is how I was taught. My dad used to tell me, people don't go to hear a band. You know, when you, when you, when you talk to your buddies who, who went to I, I don't what Bank and I name went to Elton John. They don't say, did you, did you hear Elton John? Did you see the show? Yeah. And that was, and that was something that you need to incorporate and how Ed and I approached it, was that you don't want the needle to go too far from one to the other. Try to keep a balance between the sound and the show and everything else that's involved in putting it together.


At the end of the day, you can do whatever you want, but we would like it to be successful in terms of having everything match the music. 'cause Ed and I grew up on music. That was our world. And Well, that Is the thing is that this was, I I just wanna put people in this time period. So first off, you and your brother met David Lee Roth very young. I mean, you all basically started the group together. Yes. Yes. It was David who came up with the name Van. Yes, it was. Yeah. You know, I was, I was probably overthinking it, but I thought he was trying to cur a favor with us, and I figured it out.


So I, the first thing I was, I fought it, and now you can't name the band fan, but eventually it's, it, it took, and of course, gene Simmons said, you can't use that name. It sounds like a shirt company like Van using, Well, Jane Simmons from Kiss, he's famously credited with discovering you guys. I mean, and to put this time period in perspective, this was right as MTV was starting. Yes. This was right as the visual part of it was coming into play for us where Yes. Expectation was there. So I can imagine that was part of the conflict too. Right. You know, if you, if you watch the bands and see how they progress, even Led Zeppelin was using explosions.


Okay. So when the guys are the highest of, of form of the food chain, when they do it, it's okay. It's not become part of the language of rock and roll and why fight it. Okay. Bring it on the flash pots. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, gene was, he was a good guy, man. We had a good time with him. We, we all a debt of gratitude. What do you remember most about meeting and working with him? That we had a drastically different way of looking at music. Meaning that it was not a, it was not a for, I think, and then don't, don't get mad at me, gene, but I think, I think for, for Gene, it was more of a, a way to get to where he wanted to be.


Music was not the end result. And, and, you know, you have varying opinions about that. I mean, there are, there are lots of musicians who wished they would've put on makeup and played and had more people come. But the thing is, he was very giving, he was very liberal with all his, I mean, we had a great time together and his sense of humor was unbelievably bent. Gene would love you. Well, I get the sense that before David Lee Roth joined you guys, that you and Eddie would've been fine doing sets and t-shirts and jeans because you were about the music and he was about the show.


Right. And what were some of the things that David would push you guys to do to be Showmans? It wasn't so much pushing us. It was more, we needed something. We needed someone to get us off our ass because we knew we had to do it, but we're waiting for the last minute possible to have to do it. Because to dress up for a gig, I mean, that's, now you're back to playing with suits on or whatever. That, that was how I saw it. Rock and roll is supposed to be about freedom, about you just show up and play. Right. We all knew we had to change the way we looked, so we did. But when you're, when you're in the thick of it, when you're on Sunset Boulevard and you're walking down Hollywood Boulevard, you're walking down anywhere in, in Hollywood at that time, there is a whole, whole rainbow of of colors and, and dress styles.


And, and I mean, there was a band called Zola X and they dressed as space guys. I mean, it was, it was mind bending. And we, their, their image was so overpowering. Why, why would you even wanna listen to the music? You know, who cares? That was my read on it now because we were all very, very opinionated. Which, which also was, actually, I'm being serious for a second, because we were all very opinionated. We fought it out until somebody came up with the right solution. And that's basically the process. How did you get the idea to set your drums on fire as part of your act?


There were a number of people at that time who tried different versions of it. I've always been fascinated by fire because for, for me, fire represents the, the, the temporary, the temporariness, is that a word? The the only the moment counts. I mean, the flame is there and poof, it's gone. So is life. Right. So to me, that represented that. And there was an element of danger because we did it on such an amateur level that any given night when we did it, if my, if my drum tech Greg, old buddy of mine, if, if he put too much, too much stuff on it, it would leak. And there were several times when, What do you mean by stuff?


Like Yes. Oh yeah. Lighter fluid. Yeah, lighter. Lighter fluid. Lighter fluid. Yeah. My favorite memory of, of all of that was we kind of gotten it down to a science. And as we're doing it during the performance, the lighter fluid starts to come down my arm, and then I look over and I notice my arm's on fire. So I'm thinking that that can't be good. Right. So I look at Greg, who's, you know, supposed in theory, he's there with a fire extinguisher so he can, so I look at him and he's looking at me and he gives, he gives me the thumbs up. Looks great, man. I'll never forget that as long as I live, Greg, I love you.


But man, put that damn fire. Wait, did he, do you have burns? What's going on? Yes. Yeah. Well, did you have Yeah. Yeah, we had, but it was very low dig. You know, we just used lighter fluid and, and you, you put a match to it and poof, there it goes. It's very uncontrollable. You're taking a risk every night. But, you know, we were young, so it's okay. All right. I just want, did you end up having to get new drum sets every time? I mean, how did that work? No, actually, it wasn't until the end of the tour I got slapped with like, I don't know how much all the microphones and the cords were fried, and nobody told me that when we were doing it, the drum, the drum set itself was out, was made outta stainless steel.


Ah. Ludwig was very accommodating. They made a stainless steel drum cut for me. It wasn't the only one, but they, they, they gave it to me. And though, but it, it really goes to show you how at that age, you know, you don't really, the stuff doesn't really register in your brain. It, it turns out that the average male brain does not completely mature until the age of 27. I'm still waiting. Let's take a short break. If you're just joining us, my guest is Alex Van Halen. We're talking about his new memoir about his life and his brother Eddie, and the formation of Van Halen. We'll continue our conversation after a short break.


This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from better health. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls. And being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R-L y.com/podcast.


Easier said, done. This is Fresh Air. And today we're talking to Alex Van Halen, founding member of the Rock Van Van Halen. His new memoir gives us an intimate view of his relationship with his younger brother Eddie, who died in 2020 and the first three decades of the band's run. The book is called Brothers Hot for Teacher was a song from your album 1984. It's one of Rolling Stone magazine's. It was on their list saying that this was the album that brought Van Halen's talent into focus. Let's play a little of Hot for Teacher.


Oh wow. Man, that's a Wait a second, man. What do you think the teacher's gonna look like? This here? That was Van Halen's hot for teacher from the album 1984. Also, humor is a big part of your act. I wanna just say that. I mean, absolutely. I know. Absolutely. We've been talking about it not being an act, it's who you are, but Yes. Yes. But this album overall was pioneering because there's a lot of synth, which was a new sound back then.


Yes. And we, we, we were always looking for the next, what, what what's around the corner. And we've, we heard a lot of synthesizer music. It was all this progressive rock stuff, you know, whether it was Maha Vishnu or Billy Co. And there were a number of people who used that sound quality, if you will, because I hate to use the word synthesizer 'cause it conjuress up a certain image of certain things. When you juxtapose that over a very simple pattern of something else, it does become something else. I know I'm talking in lit in riddles, but that's what music is. It's a big riddle. Try to figure it out. Well, This song, which came first, the melody or the drumbeat.


Ed and I played so much all the time. It's hard to remember who, I think it was probably Ed who came up with the guitar. Like, One of the things that you like to make the point of is that you all aren't heavy metal, even though you are put in that category. Yes. Because heavy metal, I love heavy metal, but because we had a lot of different influences, so we had to look for, because people like labels, and it was very difficult to find a label that would define us. Not that we need the definition, but you know, the irony of all of it was when rock and roll, which was originally rebellion became structured and organized, what the hell is that?


Right, Right. You must, did you ever see Yeah, Go ahead. You know what I'm talking about. Right? I mean, did you, you you watched Spinal Tap, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. That wasn't funny at all. That was the real deal. Why wasn't it fun? Well, when Ed and I saw it and we said, man, that's, that's how, that's what we experience. That is really how things happen. It's, it's mind bending. You know, the public doesn't really have any idea what goes on behind the scenes. And I'm certainly not gonna burst the bubble. But that movie, there were a lot of elements that were more true than they were parody. And of course then they believed their own stuff and they went out and toured for the Right, right, right. That was the ironic part. Yeah. You and Eddie famously for a long time, never recorded any music without each other until a request from Quincy Jones.


Yes. For a little known song called Beat It. Let's Listen.


That was a solo Eddie did on the Iconic song, beat It by Michael Jackson and Alex, I think it was on the charts the same time as 1984, if I'm not Yeah, yeah, yeah. Was why do you think, yeah, why do you think Eddie Winnin did that without consulting you guys? If I remember right, he did consult and we said, no, but that's, you know, what, what are you gonna do? I'm not gonna make something. We, we really did not. We overthink anything, but I did want to kick his ass. You know what? Why? Our our because our model was basically Led Zeppelin, the way that they structured their business, the way they structured, how they played, who they played with Led Zeppelin was Led Zeppelin. You couldn't get, you couldn't get Jimmy Page anywhere else.


You can only get him on Led Zeppelin come to the show. That's it. You don't get him with Michael Jackson. You don't get him with Soandso. But Ed violated that. And it started a whole cascade of just bad, bad vibes and I. And it was the beginning of the end. Yes. For you guys, yes. As a unit. But in all fairness, it really was not the single thing, because there were things were already starting to unravel when we, when we named the album 1984. It had nothing to do with the year. It had to do with George Orwell and the dystopia of what was going on. This band was so fractured, you know, we barely, we barely ever played together anymore. And unfortunately, MTV became the predominant way of conveying all this.


And Dave being the visual guy, naturally opted for more visual stuff. I don't blame him for any of it, but, you know, it's just too bad. 'cause we were on, we were on the cusp of something really, really big Ed going and doing this song with Michael Jackson. If you guys had always said you wanted to be led Zeppelin, what do you think it was that made him say, I wanna do this anyway? I don't know. There's some, some, some aspects of as behavior are, are even, even to me a mystery. I just have to say to you, Alex, it also opened up another world to you guys. Really? I mean, not really. I mean, I'm a little black girl in Detroit hearing that little solo from Van Halen. Yeah. And it introduced me to you.


That was, that was the argument that a couple other people make. But I'll tell you, I I don't buy my, my suggestion would've been put Michael on our record. Okay. Then you got something. And people will say, oh, you outta your mind. Well, you can have guest people on your records, but am I angry? Of course not. You know, that's just, that's just posturing. That's what you do to, to your brother and your, and your band mates. You know? No, nobody fights better than friends. Hmm. Alex Van Halen, this was such a pleasure. Thank you so much. It was my pleasure. Alex Van Halen is a founding member of the Rock Band Van Halen. His new memoir is called Brothers After a short break, TV critic, David Bian Cooley reviews the fall TV broadcast season.


This is Fresh Air.


This message is brought to you by Lisa. In collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress, expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


This message comes from Jackson. Seek clarity in retirement planning@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial, Inc. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Purchase New York.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana


This is Fresh Air. You know, it used to be an annual TV tradition, the fall season when the broadcast networks would unveil their new and returning series to great fanfare and large audiences. Well, our TV critic, David b and Cooley says, all that has changed with the advent of cable and now streaming networks. And with good reason. You may not have even noticed. But the broadcast fall season finally is underway a little later than it used to roll out and with a lot less impact. The basic reason for this is that the corporations owning the broadcast TV networks also own streaming services. CBS has Paramount plus. A BC has Disney plus.


NBC has Peacock, and they're putting their best programming eggs into those baskets. Just like in the late 1940s, the owners of NBC and CBS radio put their money and talent and energy into this new thing called television. So what's left to watch on broadcast TV this year? Not much in prime time. I still watch 60 Minutes on CBS and I like Abbott Elementary on a b, C. But this season, the networks are serving up a lot of sequels and retreads. CBS has Kathy Bates in a new show that uses the title of the old Matlock series, but not much else.


CBS also has yet another spinoff from its NCIS franchise, while a BC has a sexier love boat type series called Dr. Odyssey. And CBS also has a spinoff from the sitcom Young Sheldon, which itself was a spinoff of the Big Bang Theory. It's an odd type of TV evolution. Big Bang was filmed multi-camera in front of a studio audience. Young Sheldon wasn't and the newest spinoff, Georgie and Mandy's first marriage is. And it even opened with Georgie and his family watching an old multi-camera sitcom on tv. An old episode of Frazier with Georgie played by Montana Jordan, noting the laugh track from the Frazier studio audience in Order to prevent spill it.


One does not simply twist out the Cork Frazier's a laughing show. I like laughing shows. What are you talking about? Well, some shows you can hear people laughing and some you can't wonder yours. No one's laughing. Is it funny? We'll never know. So many of these new series are like cafeteria casserole. They're aggressively and intentionally bland and designed to be instantly accepted rather than being spicy, exotic, or unsettling. Late night broadcast tv, on the other hand, is going just as intentionally in the opposite direction. Political humor has been a late night staple for decades, but there's more of an edge now and more time given for context.


On Saturday Night Live during weekend update, Colin Jost poked fun at Donald Trump's behavior at a recent rally, but actually showed more of that rally than on any news channel I watched making the eventual punchline, even more biting. But then this week Trump did strike a positive tone when he stopped questions at a town hall to just dance for 40 minutes. Please enjoy these somehow. A hundred percent real clips. This is a man hall hall Special, like really special.


And you can find all those incredible songs on Now that's what I call Dementia. And Seth Meyers in his opening monologue on a recent edition of his late night show, mocked Trump's behavior at yet another rally. But Myers did so with a punchline that was so unexpected and so dark, you could hear it reflected in the reaction from his studio audience. That's right. Former President Trump held a rally over the weekend in Latrobe, Pennsylvania and suggested the golf legend Arnold Palmer was well endowed. Well, still not as bad as that rally where he suggested that Mike Pence might be hung.


I mean, it doesn't. It does work late Night, not prime time is where broadcast TV is thriving these days, even if most people watch those shows afterward in small clips on streaming services or social media. But I did find at least one absolute delight on primetime broadcast tv. It was on the season premiere of Fox's The Simpsons, which decided to open its 36th season by presenting its series finale. It wasn't the finale for real, but it was really, really funny. It's the Simpsons Series finale.


And now your host for tonight, Conan obrien. Thank you. Yes, thank you. It's such an honor to be with you all. For the series finale of The Simpsons, I knew I was the right man for the job. 'cause I've hosted the last episode of three of my own shows and counting. The episode used the excuse of a fake finale to aim at lots of tasty targets. Not only the long history of the Simpsons, but other TV finales and even a very current concern among Hollywood writers. The setup was lengthy but worth every second of it.


The time has come to finally end The Simpsons, but how the bar had been raised so high by the classic finales of Mad men, breaking bad in the Sopranos and lowered by the legacy ruining farewells of Seinfeld lost and the Sopranos, their producers racked their brains to create a finale that would satisfy the shows many fans and many, many haters. Then they came up with the perfect plan, hoist the job on a somebody else meet. That's somebody else. I give you the latest in machine learning, artificial intelligence pack, GPT. This cutting edge breakthrough in plagiarism has been programmed to write, animate, and voice. The perfect finale for the Simpsons.


One that wraps up the character's storylines in emotionally satisfying ways, but won't damage the most important legacy of the show. The 2026 grand opening of Homer Simpson's claim, jumping Yukon rumbling rock and roller coaster at Disneyland Shanghai to create the ultimate finale. The AI has been fed every Simpsons episode and the last episode of every television series ever made hat GPT is now performing billions of computations to create the perfect story. Who knows how long this process will finale complete? Oh. Oh knows. That was really quick.


Well, let's see what we got. The Simpsons really entertained me when it premiered in 1989, and it still really entertains me in 2024 on broadcast tv. That's an absolute rarity. David Bian Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers Ann Marie Baldonado, Sam Rigger, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producers are Molly Sevy Neper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Schrock directs the show with Jerry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details, capital one, NA member FDIC.