
This message comes from Progressive Insurance. Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. Today's guest, David Tennant is best known as an actor, but he also has an interview podcast, which is now in its third season. Some of this year's guests include Stanley Tucci, Ben Schwartz, and Rosamond Pike. Tenet spoke with Fresh Air's, Sam Rigger here, Sam Scottish actor David Tenet's. Lists of accomplishments is as long as it has varied, perhaps best known for playing Dr. Who. He's also considered one of the finest Shakespearean actors of his generation, as you can see now in the film of his Macbeth, which was staged in 2023 with Tenet playing the lead in Kush Jumbo as Lady Macbeth. It's now streaming on marquee tv.


He's also Memorably played Hamlet and Richard ii. You probably watched him as the haunted and brooding detective in the British Crime Drama Broad Church and maybe even in the American adaptation called Grace Point, where he plays more or less the same role, but with an American accent. David Tenet has also been his share of screen villains, including Real Life Serial killer Dennis Nielsen in the mini series Des Killgrave in the Marvel TV show. Jessica Jones, one of the most repugnant characters I have ever seen, as well as the smaller but memorable lip licking, Bardy Crouch Jr. In Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. He also hosted the BAFTA Awards for the past two years.


Great Britain's version of the Oscars this year, opening the ceremony, singing the song 500 miles in a bespoke black jacket and kilt suit. And he was hilarious to watch. Playing a version of himself in the streaming comedy. Staged with Michael Sheen, one of the few good things to come out of the Covid pandemic. David Tenet also has a podcast called David Tenet, does a podcast with where you fill in the name of the guest from that episode, often an actor. He has worked with a third season of the podcast released this year. And while we might have said, Hey David Tenet, stay in your lane. There's enough long format interview shows out there. Instead, we decided that this would be a good opportunity to have him on our long format interview show to ask him about his life and career.


So David Tenet, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you very much for having me. You did two seasons of your podcast ending in 2020, but then you came back last month with the third season. Why did you come back? Now? There was a certain sense of, there were a few people I had either meant to interview or had sort of got to know in the interim and I thought I would've naturally interviewed them when I'd done this podcast before. So maybe now it's an opportunity to, to kind of scoop them up. It really, as has always been the case with the podcast, it's something I've done. I don't mean to minimize it, but it's almost been a, a hobby, like a sideline, like a sort of thing I've done for pleasure when I've had a moment.


It's never been my principal job. So it was just a sort of moment of opportunity. When you go into these interviews, like do you have a specific agenda? Like are you, when you're like, oh, Olivia Coleman, I've always wanted to know this about her, or do you sometimes think about things in your own career which have puzzled you, that gives you an opportunity to ask someone else who does the same work? The Question, yeah, there's certainly, there's definitely a bit of that, a bit of, there are some slightly odd things about being in this profession and what it sort of does to your life outside the work. That is the sort of bit you don't get trained for at a drama school.


You know, one of the sort of side effects of being successful as an actor, I suppose, is that you lose an element of anonymity. And I found that personally quite challenging when it happened to me. So I'm always quite intrigued to know how others have dealt with that or are dealing with that or kind of characterize what that does to them and the people around them. But it's a mixture of things. You're also just, again, if it's someone you know, you're, you're often interested in sort of celebrating them and wanting the world to know them and understand what's likable about them because there's a sort of delight in celebrating that to the public somehow.


It's always, yes, it's always a mixture of, of impulses. I think. Speaking about coping with being a celebrity, you tell a story that someone asked you for an autograph while you were naked and in a shower at the gym. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yes. And moments like that are quite peculiar. Yes, I would say yes, perhaps that's stating the obvious, but just it's quite, I'm always quite intrigued to know if other people have had similar experiences and how they, or how they would've dealt with experiences like that. Because I think it's quite, it's a bit of a sort of club that you can't really expect any sort of sympathy for because it's a very privileged position to be in.


But it's, you know, it, it's a complicated one. It's one I struggle with because you are also very aware if someone wants to have a moment's interaction with you, that they're sort of, that moment for them is representing all the work you might have done that has meant something to them. So that's a hugely, it's quite a precious moment for someone else, whereas you might be just thinking, I'm gonna be late for this appointment. That, or You're having a bad day or something. Oh, you're having a bad day. Yeah. And, and of course that you're not really going to make the situation better by explaining to someone why this is an inappropriate moment if, if they're not seeing that for themselves.


I draw you back to the moment in the shower, that man obviously didn't understand why I was finding this peculiar and odd. So it became simpler to sort of carve a signature into what was the mulch of the piece of paper that he was now holding under a shower and, and sort of he, he said, thank you very much and went on his way. Well, I wanted to talk about another version of David Tenet that you've played on three seasons of the show staged with Michael Sheen. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. This show largely takes place, at least it seems to, I don't know if it was film this way, but as a series of Zoom calls between you and Michael Sheen and your respective spouses and other people, then at least in the first season, you're rehearsing this play during Covid hoping that when the lockdown is over you'll have this thing ready to go.


And of course that doesn't, doesn't work out so well, but, so how did this show come about? It was an absolutely opportunistic pitch by a friend of, well, actually someone that my wife was at school with who, who's a film producer called Finland, who we both George and I have worked with on various projects over the years. A few days into that first lockdown, must have been March, 2020, Finn phoned us up and went, I might have an idea of something we could, we could make while we're all locked in our houses. It was entirely his, his baby. He went off, got a script written, we went off and enlisted Michael Sheen and Anna Lundberg who were locked in their house in Wales.


And between us, we, we, we just made one on spec. Simon Evans, who plays the director in the show, is also the director and also wrote the script very quickly and very cleverly. Neither Michael nor Georgia nor myself or Anna had met Simon, but, but we got to know him very well over Zoom and it all happened. He was quite funny in, in the show. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. I have to say that when I first heard about the show, I didn't think I was going to enjoy watching it like we were. Oh no, it sounds desperately dull. And also it was reflecting the, what we Were all living, we were all living our lives on Zoom. Yeah. And the last thing I wanted to do was watch a TV show about Zoom. However, it quickly won me over because it, it's so funny and I, I thought we would play a scene from the show and Oh, good to set this up.


Michael Sheen is is irritated with you at this point. That's that, that's that track. Yeah, because originally you were gonna do this play with someone else, so he was the second choice. So you guys are doing a reading and I think we'll also hear Simon Evans in this and he's desperate to keep things on track, but, but Michael basically trying to pick a fight with you and you have had a line where you use the word heard and he's questioning how you're saying that word. So let's hear that. What's wrong with my words? I'm struggling to believe them. There's a lot going on There. A lot going on. Okay. Would you try something for me? Oh sure. Happy to. Yeah. Is that okay Simon?


I'd rather be just pushed on Actually it won't take a sec. Just give me, I wanna be heard again. I want to be heard Simon. I thought that was great. You don't think he sounds cartoonish? Cartoonish. I've thought it for a while now. Absolutely not. No I don't. David, it's with you. I want to be heard. I want to be heard. I Wanna be heard. Please, can we carry on? I wanna be heard. I wanna be heard. I wanna be heard. I wanna be heard. I Wanna be heard. I wanna be heard. I Wanna be heard. It's gotta have something be behind. I wanna be heard. It's gotta have something behind it. No, it's Gotta come from somewhere. Just because You're mumbling doesn't make it good. I speak the same language as you. You don't have to say you're barely Speaking though. You're barely speaking. You basically whispering It. You wanna be heard. Let's pretend we're all human beings. Yeah. Who Have ears that need to receive the vibrations.


I mean, it's not a hearing thing, it's a sort of a feeling thing. You Know what I'm doing Makes sense. And what you're doing is a sort of weird, It might sound weird to you because you won't have been used to hearing that coming out of yourself. It's So effective, if you don't mind me saying very Hard. Isn't it interesting, Simon, that if, if you spend a career speaking in such a stilted sort of artificial way, then hearing something that's truthful can sound affected you Be heard. That's a scene from the show staged with Michael, she and and our guest David Tenet. David Tenet. There's so many times watching that show where I just laughed out loud, you guys have such a great rapport. Could you talk about the version of yourself that you're playing in the show?


I think we quite enjoyed playing awful versions of ourselves, so we were pretty happy to lean into that. Interestingly, Simon said that one of the things he did as he was writing it was, listen to the episode of my podcast with Michael Sheen. Again, I dunno what that says about, I mean, Michael's this sort of rather, rather pompous, rather arrogant, grand character, rather arrogant actor. I'm a sort of whining Miserables two. Well, you're described as Weasley at one Point. Yes, I'm described as weasley. I I and I don't know where that came from, but it certainly seemed to fit well enough for us to lean pretty hard into it and rather enjoy leaning into it.


Well, I mean, even listening to that, when I hear bits of it back, it does make me smile, I suppose. 'cause it reminds me of a moment in time where there wasn't an awful lot going on other than homeschooling our children, which was a, a real fresh hell that we were all trying to catch up with and being locked in our house. And although, you know, I I, I didn't, in many ways I didn't dislike lockdown at all because I was very happy to be locked in my house and kept away from other human beings beyond my own family. It was certainly lovely to have that release and that creative release particularly. Well it's so funny, just your look on the show, you just look stupefied with boredom the whole time your mouth is hanging open.


Well it was a particular time, wasn't it? It certainly was. One of the funny sight gags is that you keep getting caught drinking out of this mug with your face on. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And they keep saying, are you, is that you on that mug? Yeah. And you, you deny it. Yes. I, lots of bits of that were sort of inspired by what was happening around us. I we, we do happen to have a couple of mugs in my house that may or may not have my face on them. And I, and I can't remember quite the origin of that particular gag, but it was either we were on a zoom discussing what we were going to do and I had the mug there or, or I brought it and maybe I suggested it one day. And anyway, it became a sort of long run and gag that runs throughout three seasons, I think.


Yeah. So you, you said you were home, you and your wife Georgia have five kids. I have two kids and it was, it was very tough to sort of keep them busy, keep them on their schooling during Covid. What was it like with five? Like was your house just crazy all the time? We're fortunate that we have a fair amount of space and we've got a bit of outdoor space, which I think it would've killed us without that. But yes, of course it was challenging. Our youngest was brand new. She was born towards the end of 2019. So we had a very small baby with all the pleasures and difficulties that that brings. Three who were in school, that was the real hell. The homeschooling, just trying to be the sort of manager come teacher that keeps them on track was very, very hard.


And then our eldest, his 18th birthday came three, four days after lockdown was called. So his, his big 18th birthday celebration was spent staring at us over the kitchen table. I still feel like he got slightly shortchanged there. Yeah, yeah. So I wanted to talk to you a little bit about your work doing Shakespeare. Your version of Macbeth that I think was originally staged in 2023 is now available to stream on marque TV and Right. You star with Kush Jumbo with Lady Macbeth. So this is a very minimalist staging.


There's like the, the stage itself is is pretty much like this white platform. Yeah. And the audience is sort of around the stage and I noticed watching the film of it that all the audience members were wearing headphones. Why was that? It was one of the Max Webster, our director, it was one of his very earliest ideas. He was very, he was fascinated with the idea of Macbeth as a soldier. He'd done a production of Henry the V where they'd looked a lot into the, the actuality of being a soldier who goes to war, what that might do to you, ideas around PTSD and shell shock and he talked to people who'd experienced that.


And the idea that one would hear voices that one would imagine things were happening that weren't. And he sort of took the idea of PTSD and put it onto Macbeth and it, it kind of fits remarkably well. I mean, who knows what Shakespeare's experience was with veterans from whatever wars were around at the time, but it feels like it all tracks with how modern day veterans describe some of the things they struggle with after tours of duty. And he started working with a sound designer called Gareth Fry who'd done other shows where the audiences all wore headphones. And you can do extraordinary things then to the audience's experience because for a start you can whisper very quietly and you can move where that whisper is.


So if you can do that for the audience, they get an understanding of perhaps what's happening inside Macbeth's very troubled brain. So you could particularly when so much of what Macbeth says is in soliloquy, which is an address to the audience, I think it was just using a tool that was available and, and adding to that you have a sort of soundscape, which is happening the whole time. You're mixing in the music, you're mixing in sound effects that may or may not be live on stage in front of you, which again, is adding to that sense of disco concession and what's real, what isn't real. So it was a sort of conceptual way of telling this very well told story perhaps in a, in a slightly new, quite modern way while still being entirely faithful to the text that Shakespeare wrote.


Let's hear what one of those soliloquy sounds like. This is the famous tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow. Okay. Soliloquy from the end of the play. And you have just discovered that Lady Macbeth has been killed Tomorrow. Tomorrow, ah, tomorrow creeps in this petty pace from day today to the last syllable of recorded time.


And all our yesterdays have light full the way to Dusty death And brief candle Life's better walking shadow a poor player that struts and flates out upon the stage. And that is hurting. It is a tail told by an idiot full of sound and fury Signifying nothing.


Okay. So that's from the film version of Macbeth. So, you know, I'm wearing headphones now, so I feel like I'm sort of experiencing what that would've been like for the audience because you are really whispering and I guess I was wondering like if you were doing that in a more traditional theater sense and you had to project to the cheap seats, like how do you approach that same speech in those sort of two different scenarios? It's hard to know because you know, when you prepare a production like that, you kind of know what your version of it needs to be. I've never heard that back, so I, it it's hard. I don't know. All I'm hearing is what I would've done differently. But What would you have done differently?


Oh, I don't know. You know, I think that speech in particular actually was probably out of the whole play that was sort of never quite the same twice. So you've got a version of it from The time And how many times did you do the play? Like hundreds of times? Oh, hundred and 50 or something? Yeah, a long. So every time it feels different. Yes. I think that speech more than any because it comes near the end, it's the probably the most emotional moment. It's the moment where Lady Macbeth's gone. He knows it's all over. It's really just a case of how he's going to go down rather than if he will. And it was particularly in our staging, it was right up the back. I was sort of sitting very much my own. I couldn't, the, the lighting was such that it was, I was in a pool of darkness and I I sort of tried to dare myself every night to kind of find it.


But that particular moment sort of afresh each time, obviously that's what you're always trying to do. And it's easier with something like Shakespeare because the words are pretty bottomless and they, they have lots of different available meanings and that's why actors love doing it so much because on performance 150 you can suddenly hear a line that you thought you knew inside out, you can suddenly hear it in a brand new way. And that's obviously, that's a thrill and also a bit frustrating 'cause you're gonna go, oh, that's how I should have done that. Right. Can I go back and do the first a hundred performances again please?


Our guest is David Tenet. He'll be back after a short break. I'm Sam Brier and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsors Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus follow Cassian Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prizewinning reporting and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One of the things I do is write the weekly Newsletter and I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning. So David, you grew up outside of Glasgow in Paisley. Your father was a Presbyterian minister, so do you remember your father's sermons?


Were they fiery or more contemplative? Oh, he could get quite fiery. Yes. He was quite a performer. My dad, there was, there was definitely a bit, a bit of an old ham about him and he, he, yes, I wasn't firing brimstone so much, but although he could get there, he had, you know, he could get a little bit, he, he would thump the pulpit now and again. But, but no, he was, he was definitely a performer and he was, he was a very good preacher actually. And people would ask him to come and guest preach in various places. He was, I think he was very well thought of and he was very loved. He was a very, he was a very good minister. His congregation liked him and he was kind and he was patient and all the things that I guess you have to be in that job, but, but he was, no, he was a good preacher.


Yeah, Well he, he must have been because for a year he served as the moderator of the general Assembly of the Church of Scotland, which is basically like the highest position Yeah. In the church, The highest position. But on a revolving yearly Basis. It's Yearly basis basis because it's, because there's a, the Church of Scotland is built on the idea that there should be no hierarchy. So you, you, you take a turn and you step back again. He also had a TV show called, that's the Spirit that he co-hosted. He did. What was that show like? Did you ever go to the set? I did actually, yes, it was on Scottish television, but yes, he did on a Sunday afternoon in Scotland you could see my dad and that's the spirit. It was a sort of religious magazine program.


So he would, you know, he would go and meet a community project. He would do a little bit to camera where he gave a little message for the day. He'd do interviews with people who were doing interesting or important things in the, the world of, I suppose divinity or, or outreach or whatever it was. But yeah, he, he did that for quite a few years and I remember sitting off camera and watching it happen a couple of times. Yeah, I have a hard time believing the story, but it's been told many times, so. Oh, Oh, come on. What's this? Well, it's at the age of three. You told your family that you wanted to be an actor because you wanted to play Dr.


Who, Which is the, which is the bet you find most implausible about that story? 'cause 'cause I have thoughts. Well, First of all, just the wish fulfillment that that and you, you were able to achieve in your adulthood playing. Yeah. One of the most famous Dr. Who's, but also like, did you at the age of three understand that Dr. Who was an actor, like, did you want to act as Dr who did you wanna be Dr who, like, This is the bit that now having had my own children, I can think three really could I have been three? Because it does feel like quite a complicated thought process, doesn't it? But, but I, I can date it because I, you know, this was in the times before the home video recorders, so I know that I watched John partly turn into Tom Baker on Dr.


Who and I can date it and it's 1974, so I was three Years Old. Maybe they repeated it like a year later 'cause sometimes they did that. So maybe I was four. But I know that it was then, and I know that that led to a conversation with my parents and you are absolutely right that it was a conversation where I learnt what the difference between a character in a television program and an actor was. But in that moment I understood what that concept was and decided that's what I wanted to do. So despite how implausible it seems, I know that it's true. Do you remember what was so captivating about the show to you? Something about that show and the combination of elements?


Certainly that central character always fascinated me. I just thought he was brilliant. I just thought he was cool, he was clever. He wasn't, he, he sort of, he was dressed in sort of brilliant, cool, mad clothes, but he looked like a normal human. And I think that was quite important to me as a, as a, as a fairly geeky young child, I didn't imagine I could ever aspire to be Superman or the incredible Hulk or, you know, I, I was sort of quite weedy and I, I wore glasses and I had a terrible haircut. So all those things still felt possible in the world of the Doctor.


There was something about that character that I could be, I also loved that it's a brilliant constructed show in that you don't know where they're gonna land each time, every time that the Tartus lands, where is it? What's the mystery? There's a, there's a whole new set of characters to get. There's a whole and the monsters, what's the monster gonna be this week? What, what's gonna come around that corner and how scary is it gonna be? And what a thrill all that was. So it was, no, it was a, I was obsessional about it. So where I grew up, you couldn't just get Dr who on the 13 channels that we had, but Right. I don't know if, I don't know if televisions were the same.


Well you see 13 channels, like you were starved. I mean, in Scotland No, I know had three channels, right? We had three. But there was this other dial where you could, it was kind of like a radio dial where you could dial in like farther television stations and, and sometimes I could dial in like the out-of-state public television show that did have Dr Who. And the things that I remember about it was first that it was really scary. Like the monsters were scary and the theme music terrified me. But then the thing that I also noticed was like, sometimes I would notice how cheaply made the show was like, why are all these sci-fi futuristic characters wearing clothes that look like they were borrowed from like Masterpiece theater?


And then in all of these science fiction or futuristic sets, there were always these drapes everywhere, like blocking off sections of the stage. I dunno. So those were my early memories of it. I listen, all of those memories are very accurate, I think. I don't think there's anything wrong with any of those observations you make. And I think I was aware of all that too, but I still either forgave it or reveled in it. It's shortcomings because actually the writing, they, they were incredibly well written and those central performances. I remember Tom Baker, who played the Doctor through most of my early childhood. It was a really magnificent performance. He was a properly charismatic mercurial, funny, funny, heroic.


It was a brilliant performance as a piece of sort of mad acting. It was a wonder to behold. And that just scooped me up, how thrilling that you tuned in, you tuned your TV set to get so slightly illicit channels. It must have felt, it must have felt like you discovered wonderful secrets. It did feel that way. Definitely. Yeah. Well, let's hear you from Dr. Who, this is from your first big scene. You've just been regenerated, this would happen, this sort of like the, the character would be reincarnated, which was a convenient way to have new actors play this role. And so you're reintroducing yourself to your traveling companion played by Billy Piper and some other characters, and you're also surrounded by some pretty tough looking aliens.


Let's hear this now. First things first, be honest. How do I look Different? Good. Different or bad? Different. Just different. Am I ginger? No, you just sort of brown. I Want to be ginger. I've never been ginger. And you roast Tyler fell good. You were, you gave up on me. Oh, that's rude. So that's what man I am Am I rude, rude and not ginger? If I might interrupt. Yes. Sorry. Hello fella. Who Exactly are you? Well that's the question. I want to know who you are.


Oh no, See that's the thing. I'm a doctor, but beyond that, I, I just don't know. I literally do not know who I am. It's all untested. Am I funny? Am I sarcastic, sexy? Why all misery, life and soul, right-handed, left-handed, a gambler, a fighter, a coward, a traitor, a liar, a nervous wreck. I mean, judging by the evidence, I've certainly got a goal That's our guest, David Tenet as Dr. Who in this first big scene. So you're asking you to like, who am I there? One of the things that I really liked about your portrayal of, of the Doctor was this like unbridled enthusiasm that you brought to the character.


But you know, here you are at this point. You've been classically trained, you went to the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Dance, and now you're playing this important British pop figure. How did all of the things that you had learned and and the ways that you've trained help you sort of embody this role? That's a very good question. I don't know. I mean, it's one of those parts that has a lot of cultural baggage about it. But it also, the whole, the idea of regeneration where one actor takes over from the, from the next. You, you are given a bit of a blank sheet. The Doctor has certain immovable truths about them, but you, you are not expected to do what the last one did.


You're expected to bring your own version of it. You just have to find yourself in it, I suppose. You just have to kinda chuck yourself at it and see what you get. And of course it was written by Russell T. Davis, who's one of the great television writers of our time and wrote it with sort of a bit like himself. I mean, Russell has a wonderful gift of the gab about him. He can, he can talk and he's funny and he's quick and he's probably the cleverest person in most rooms. And that's kind of how he writes the Doctor. So you, if you, you you just kind of look to plug into that energy, filter it through yourself and hope that that produces something that's kind of endearing and not snugging annoying.


Probably some people did find it sm and annoying, but hopefully most people found it charming and funny. I think it's important that the Doctor is funny because he uses wit to undermine some of those kind of worst creatures that the universe can throw at him. That's part of, that's part of what's glorious about that character is that he can be funny in times of crisis. And that's his cool, he's very uncool in many ways, but he's got that swagger, that ability to undermine everything with a gag or with a twinkle. So I didn't ponder all that. It's quite interesting listening back to that through headphones now.


It feels quite green and quite squeaky to me. Well, it's pretty remarkable how much the show has given you. Again, like it's sort of this great wish fulfillment. You also met your wife Georgia. I did, I did. Kind of on the show. She actually played your daughter in an episode. Yes. But it's a listen time is, time is very relative when you're a time lord. And she's, she's a little bit younger than me. She's not that much younger than me. She's an adult character in the She's an adult character. Yes, exactly. And George's father, your father-in-law was a different incarnation of Dr. Who was he? That's right. Yeah, he was number five. I mean, I watched him as a kid. He, he became the Doctor when I was about 11. So he was absolutely someone that I drew pictures of and sketchbooks.


Yeah, that has just added to how odd the whole thing is that I've ended up being part of the show that I grew up obsessed with. Our guest is actor David Tenet More after short break. This is Fresh Air. NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org work.


Keeping up with the News can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so you can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings and on your way to that thing, listen to the NPR News now podcast. Now,


Do you remember when discovering a new artist felt like finding buried treasure at all songs considered NPR R'S Music Recommendation podcast. We put that kind of magic back into discovering new tracks. We're here to make the hunt for new music easy delivering you the cream of the crop from every genre. We'll help you make music feel fun again, only on all songs considered from NPR.


You've also played a bunch of villains in your career and one that particularly stays with me is the supervi Killgrave from the Marvel TV show. Jessica Jones and Killgrave basically can have people do whatever he wants. He can just command them. He abuses this ability in very sadistic ways, taking away consent from women, like telling people like if I'm late, carve your face off. Like, and you know, this character is charmless and like really repugnant. Can you talk about how you found a way to play him? You have to just go back to what's written and I think why Jessica Jones as a series worked so well is because Melissa Rosenberg, who was the showrunner and her team of writers did something really quite remarkable.


I think it was a superhero show. Jessica Jones, part of the Marvel Universe. The the Kilgrave was known in the comic books as the Purple Man. And he's a character who in his first appearance wears a purple jumpsuit and is entirely purple, but has this ability that whatever he says, people have to obey him. So if he tells them to lie down in the street, they'll lie down in the street. You know, and, and what could be quite a sort of simplistic, rather, rather sort of schlocky comic book idea in the hands of the writers that we had became, as you have hinted, it became a story about consent and it became a story about emotional abuse and psychological abuse.


But it was also looking into what had caused Kilgrave to be this way. And if, if you had that ability, what would that do to your own psychology? So yes, he's a monster and he does awful things and there's nothing, there's very little redeemable about him. But I think we were also let into understand that with that ability all his life, how could he not be damaged by that when he doesn't know if somebody does something because they want to or because he's told them to. How could he interact as a rational human being with anyone? And I think that was all there in the writing. So they created something really quite adult, quite difficult at times, quite complicated, but also manages whilst absolutely being a superhero show, it manages not to be blithe or glib about any of the, the, the things that it, that it examines.


And it's quite a tough watch at times, but I just felt very lucky that I ended up in, in that Marvel show because I think it really was an extraordinary piece of work and that, you know, I was just a tiny part of that. When you're playing these roles that are like terrible people, like real life serial killers or these villains, like do you have to sort of like shrug them off at the end of the day or else you'll take them home with you? Not really, not consciously. I, I think when I put the script down, I sort of, I, I leave it at work, but, but you'd probably have to ask Georgia. I mean, you probably have to ask the people that have to Right.


Live With you, live through a project with you. Yeah. Yeah. Because I suppose things do sometimes kind of go in funny directions. There have been a couple of times when George has said, oh, I'm glad that's over. I didn't always like that version of you that you brought home. I, I mean, I don't come home as kilgrave, but I suppose, you know, there is an element of, it's all pretend, but if you're pretending particularly dark stuff, you are sort of trying to trick your brain into behaving in the ways that you might behave if certain awful things were happening. And that probably does have something of a, of a cost on your real life.


But I've never felt it weighing particularly heavily, I don't think. But as I say, it's probably, that's probably a sort of side interview with Georgia. Yeah, yeah. In the show stage, Michael Sheen is often sort of poking fun. A little bit of you being Scottish and you guys talk about haggis and are there sort of stereotypical things about being a scot that you sort of lean into besides wearing a kilt? It's, it's funny. When I lived in Scotland, I had no interest in being Scottish, maybe because it was so ubiquitous. But when you're not there anymore, you do become a sort of unofficial ambassador for all things Scottish. And I, I, I do enjoy that greatly.


I do love about haggis and it's, yeah, there's, there's, of course there's something self-consciously pleasing about wearing a KET at the Btas and holding onto a bit of scottishness and I'm sort of now patriotic and proud of Scotland in a way that I never really appreciated when I was, when I was there. I, I, yeah, I love being Scottish. It's great. It gives you a, it gives you a calling card, it gives you a sense of self, for sure. Well, David Tenet, it's been a real pleasure to talk with you. Thank you so much for coming on Fresh Air. Thanks for having me. It's been an absolute delight. David Tenet spoke with Fresh Air's, Sam Brier Tenet's podcast called David Tenet.


Does a podcast with is now in its third season. After we take a short break, our TV critic, David Bian Cooley, will review the new series Dying for Sex starring Michelle Williams. This is Fresh Air Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR On this week's Wild Card podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet.


I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast, Dying for Sex is a new FX on Hulu production.


With all eight episodes now streaming, it stars Michelle Williams from the Fable Men's and Blue Valentine. As a woman whose cancer returns after a period of dormancy, it leads her on a quest to explore her sexual drive and passions in a new way. Dying for Sex is based on a real story and inspired by a podcast of the same name. Our TV critic, David Bian Cooley says, the Hulu series ends up being much deeper and more emotionally resonant than he expected. Here's his review, Dying for Sex. The new ethics on Hulu miniseries now streaming in its entirety has a basic premise that reminded me a bit of Breaking Bad. The main character gets a diagnosis of terminal cancer and reacts in ways that are both unexpected and uncharacteristic.


With Walter White In Breaking Bad the high school science teacher played by Brian Cranston, he opts to use his knowledge of chemistry to make and sell crystal meth in order to provide a nest egg for the family. He'll soon leave behind with Molly, the long married woman played by Michelle Williams in Dying for Sex. She decides to embark on a quest to find a level of sexual satisfaction she's not yet experienced. Walter is breaking bad. Molly at first glance is breaking sexy, but though that skeletal outline makes dying for sex sound like a titillating black comedy, it's more than that.


I can't stress enough how much this new series got to me. Yes, some of the sexual encounters and misadventures are very funny, but the emotions and characters running throughout this series are so real and often so raw that though I laughed a lot at what I was watching, I also choked up a lot and really became caught up in the emotional lives of the show's. Characters, all of them Dying for Sex is inspired by the story of a woman named Molly, who originally told her story in a 2020 podcast co-hosted by her best friend Nikki. The relationship between Molly and Nikki is central to the miniseries from the very start.


When Nikki sees Molly sitting outside of Bodega looking sad and asks her what's wrong, Molly is played by Michelle Williams. Nikki is played by Jenny Slate. You know how I had that pain in my hip that wouldn't go away. It's cancer. It's back, But you, It's two years. I know you did everything that the Doctor said and you took all of the the drugs and fair. This is still, I don't wanna die.


Just when I'm getting used to my new boobs, You are not gonna die. I am actually it. I'm metastasized to my bones. It's incurable. Molly's husband Steve played by Jay Dulo has been afraid to be intimate with her since her initial breast cancer diagnosis. Their marriage counseling sessions leave her unsatisfied, but a session with a newly assigned palliative care counselor leaves her encouraged to recognize and explore her deeper sexual feelings wherever they might lead. After a very long and bad day, she returns to her apartment and sees an unfamiliar neighbor guy.


That's the way he's credited as neighbor guy doing a sloppy job of putting his garbage down the hallway's garbage ch. She reacts forcefully and we hear her inner thoughts, noting that she likes being dominant. A neighbor guy played by Rob Delaney seems to like her dominance too. Look what You think. You can just make a mess and expect that other people will clean it up. Yeah, Pick it up. Oh my God, you're doing what I say now.


Say I'm disgusting. I'm disgusting. After that scene, you may think you have a good idea of where dying for sex is going. I thought I did, but I was really, really wrong. The reason for Molly's former closed off attitudes towards Sex have to do with a childhood trauma which is revealed slowly and emotionally and all of the characters surrounding Molly, even if they might appear easy to pigeonhole at first, will surprise you at some point. That goes for her friends and family, including her long estranged mother, played perfectly by Sissy Spacek, but it also goes for the caregivers, including David Raach as Molly's Doctor Esco, Julie as her care counselor, and Paula Lapel as an oddly cheerful hospice nurse.


Hulu's Dying For Sex is co-created by Kim Rosenstock and Elizabeth Merriweather, both of whom come from the sitcom New Girl. They make this miniseries a TV journey you're not likely to forget, but the actors are most responsible for both the laughs and the tears. Here Jenny Slate as the best friend, Rob Delaney as the neighbor and Sissy SpaceX as the Guilt written mom. All of them create fully dimensional, vulnerable characters and are outstanding and all of them revolve like planets around Michelle Williams's. Molly, who's acting in Dying for Sex is so human and so touching. It's hard to describe.


I've been impressed and surprised by the depth of her acting several times before, including when she played Marilyn Monroe in my week with Marilyn and the mother in the Fables and even Gwen Verden in FXs Fosse Verden series. But in Dying for Sex, Michelle Williams floored me. Her portrayal like the series is at times broadly and brilliantly comic, but also is so vivid and so involving. It may bring you to tears. Also, David Bian Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University. He reviewed Dying for Sex. It's streaming on Hulu tomorrow on Fresh Air. Some answers to the questions, many Democrats and Republicans are still asking how Trump beat Biden Harris and the Odds in the wildest campaign in history.


That's the subtitle of the new book, uncharted by Tomorrow's guest, Chris Whipple. One of his previous books is about White House Chiefs of staff, so we'll also talk about President Trump's. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers and Reba Donato, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producer is Molly CV Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Terry Gross. I'm Jesse Thorn.


This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle aged strapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Know or going to work. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where, where Shortwave comes in. We're a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave The Science Podcast from NPR.