
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. My guest, James Patterson has sold over 400 million copies of his many books. Those books include the Alex Cross Detective series, the Women's Murder Club Series, and Maximum Ride. Alex Cross was spun off into three films, two starring Morgan Freeman, and another starring Tyler Perry and Amazon Prime video series called Cross has been renewed For a second season, Patterson has co-authored books with Bill Clinton and Dolly Parton. His second collaboration with Clinton will be published this summer. Patterson's also written non-fiction books about the Kennedy's, John Lennon, Muhammad Ali, and Jeffrey Epstein, as well as Books for Children and young adults.


His new book, the number one Dad Book, is addressed to new fathers who need some advice. Back when Patterson was starting to write, he took a job as a junior copywriter at the j Walter Thompson Advertising Agency. He rose to the top becoming CEO and then head of the agency's North America division. If you're wondering how he's managed to do all this, he typically works with collaborators. Patterson writes an elaborate outline of the story. The collaborators write the sentences. He describes this in more detail in his 2022 memoir called James Patterson by James Patterson. I'd be remiss if I didn't also mention that he's now collaborating on a thriller with the Star YouTuber and influencer known as Mr.


Beast. As you can guess, Patterson is pretty rich. He's also a generous philanthropist donating over $7 million to schools and classroom libraries around the country, establishing over 400 teacher and writer education scholarships at 21 colleges and universities, and giving over $2 million to independent bookstores. In recognition of his work on May 14th, James Patterson received the Lifelong Learning Award from WHYY, the public radio and TV station where Fresh Air is produced. That was the occasion for our interview, which we recorded in front of an audio. Hi, I am Stephen King.


I'm here to honor James. I love the guy. What can I tell you? First of all, congratulations and thank you for doing this interview. I am not worthy. I am not worthy. So in your memoir, you describe how you hear voices in your head, basically telling you stories. I'd really like to know what that feels like, but what That experience is like. You think you do, but No, I do until the voices won't stop and they keep you up at night. You know, it's an interesting thing. You talk about voice, all, all, all these books have a different voice. This the, the, the, the father book has a voice, the autobiography has a voice. Alice Cross is a different kind of voice.


The kids' books, different voices. I've learned not to like get up in the middle of the night anymore And start writing. I just, yeah, pretty much. Sometimes I do write. So, so Another thing that I learned from your memoir, which I found really fascinating because it's so different from the work that you do and from the stories I keep coming to in your head, when you were young, before you became a writer, when you first became really interested in reading, you wrote a lot of Thomas Merton, who was, you know, like the, the now famous Traps Monk. Yeah. Who wrote the bestseller Seven Story Mountain, which was kind of required reading for a lot of people in college, like in the sixties and seventies. But anyway, you actually went to the monastery Yes.


In Kentucky. Yes. That he lived in for many years. And I think you seriously considered becoming a Trappist monk. No, I didn't. I didn't do that. But I, I was in graduate school, I was at Vanderbilt, and I, I was kind of wandering around thinking about when I, where it was during Vietnam, so it was a scary time for, for anybody in school or not in school. And I decided to go up there to, and, and I just kind of showed up, which it's kind of interesting because the trap is function. They don't, they're not supposed to really talk, but they have one. Yeah. They don't talk. It's, it's Silence, priest and prayer who will greet people that come in. And I remember I talked to the, he said, well, why are you here? And I said, well, you know, I'm doing a little too many drugs and, you know, whatever, and I, I just need to kind of straighten my life out a little bit.


And he said, James, you know, life is like a football, a game of football, and you run down the field, but if you step out of bounds, you know, the, the score doesn't count. And at that point, I just wished that he had maintained the silence rather than giving that. But they did let me stay there, let me stay for about 10 days. And I left there saying, okay, if I wanna be a writer, I have to do certain things and I'm, and I'm gonna do this somehow, or I'm gonna try to do it. But I needed that 10 days to really sort of think it through and focus on it. And, and focusing is, is a big thing. You mentioned the autobiography, and especially at my age, I think it's, it's semi-interesting, interesting to me anyway. And I wrote it during COVID, but I, I became a better writer writing that autobiography.


I concentrated on the sentences more than I had in a while, which is really important for me. Well, one of the things I find interesting about spending 10 days in the, in the Travis monastery, it's because they practice silence. And because you're always hearing stories and voices in your head. Yeah. And both the silence and the need to like write, to always have like more words and more stories seems so kind of opposite from like, the attention to silence and the monastery. So it seemed so different from what your, your Nature is. I just wanted to think. And I mean, they're not in totally silent. I mean, they sing, it's a fascinating life. I mean, they go to bed at like seven 30, they get up at three or so, they have a, a mass or whatever, and they sing a lot.


And they're all very healthy. At least they were in those days. And then they go out in the fields and they, and then they come back and have these very Spartan meals. And I just found it was a time to really put my mind at peace and ease and, and, and think things through. Yeah. You mentioned you were doing too many drugs. Yeah. How did being an usher at the Fillmore East figure into that? And for anyone who doesn't know the Fillmore East, that was the East Coast equivalent of the Fillmore West, which is where they had all of the like psychedelic concerts, you know, whether it was Grateful Dead or the Jefferson airplane. Right. I think they were there. Or, and Jimi Hendrix doors. Jim. Yeah. Yeah. And the doors. Yeah. Yeah. No, I, well, no, my job there was not to take drugs.


And I, and I, it wasn't that I was a massive drug user, and I pretty much always had things in control, but it just seemed to me that if I really, and my grades are always good, but I, I needed to just focus more was the main thing. But at the Philmore East, I also was at Woodstock. Now everybody I know my age says they were there, but they weren't. 'cause I looked around and, but to Fillmore East, I did that for a couple of years. And actually Robert Mapplethorpe was, was one of the ushers. You're Kidding. Really? No, no, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I knew him a little bit back then. And actually one of the stories in the book, which was so great, after one the Doors after one of their shows, and they were all sitting in the front, I think there was two shows that night.


And they were sitting there with, with Graham, who ran Phil Murray and Philmore West, and a bunch of the ushers. We were sitting behind them, a few rows. And Jim Morrison, he looked, it was a three story theater, and he looked up and all these lights were hanging over the, the seats in the front. He said, bill, it's really dangerous. Those lights would come down and kill people. And Graham's going, you, you, Jim, just relax. The lights are not coming down. You know, it's, it's, we're gonna be fine. And, and then Morrison just stormed off and about 10 minutes later we hear this voice and somebody scream, when you look up there, this is a true story. And Morrison is hanging funeral lights. He goes, you right Bill. It's okay. These lights talk.


So people are always wondering, like, how do you do it? How do you write so many books? Yeah. And, and the answer is, you, you collaborate. Well, that's part of the answer. It's part of the answer. Yeah. Part of it is, you, you love to do it. I, somebody said, you're lucky if you find something you like to do, and then it's a miracle if somebody will pay you to do it. But even before people were paying me to do it, I just loved, and actually it was working at McLean, the hospital, which is when I started writing, I, I would go into Cambridge and buy, I, and I went to a Catholic high school and they just gave us a lot of books that none of us liked. But when I, when I moved up there, I started reading a lot of stuff, the kind of stuff I hadn't read before. And I was loving a lot of plays, short stories, you know, and a lot of novels.


And then I started scribbling and I loved it. I just loved telling stories. And I think, I grew up in the woods, and I used to, as a little kid, I would go out in the woods and tell myself stories and story after story after story after story. And I think that that, and I remember actually when I used to get down to Vanderbilt, I would drive down there from Massachusetts, it would take like 26 hours or whatever. And they used to write Broadway musicals in my head, driving down to, you know, and sing the songs. It was crazy. But you know, the music, music, you might notice a pattern, The music and lyrics. Well, yeah, I mean, sort of the music. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I would always put a tune to it, whatever I was, you know, and the storyline, whatever the heck it was. And I would just, you know, I dunno, but it was fun.


I liked it. At what point in your writing career did you think that it would be helpful or a good idea or more productive or whatever to work with collaborators? And, and, and then maybe you can explain your process for doing that. Yeah. You know, I don't know why people find it so extraordinary. First of all, in, in advertising, which I hate to go back to that prison, but in my mind, it's very collaborative. And you generally, you work with an art director and maybe a producer and, and the two or three of you will sit in a room and you create these little stories, little films usually. And that is collaborative, you know, Sistine Chapel, all these, you know, some famous doing this thing on the, you know, five, 10, whatever, number, collaborative.


My own theory is if we're gonna save the world, we'll have to somehow figure out how to be collaborative. Or AI will probably figure it out for us and the other save us to destroy us, depending on, you know, the mood that day. It just seemed a natural thing to me. And I, the first one actually was a little golf book, and there's a guy that I knew from the advertising days. And after we played golf, we just started chatting about a story that I had. And we said, well, let's just try this. And we wrote Miracle on the 17th Green. And then after that, I just said, you know, well, I, I can do this. This will be an interesting thing. And I, I don't remember the first one. It might've been a woman's murder club where I collaborated the second or the third book, Andy Gross, who, wonderful guy who just died, who was so tragic.


Yeah. I read the obit, Oh my God. You know, just, and he's such a, a healthy looking man, you know, and, and a wonderful person. At any rate, that was very sad for us. And obviously his tragic for his family. You Describe yourself as being like the storyteller, but you enjoy telling the stories. Yeah. Writing the, you know, coming up with a story. It's doing like a very elaborate 30 50 or 60 Page. 30 50, Yeah. Outline. Outline. And then, no, I, I mean, doing several drafts On this tour, I'm, I'm working on three outlines. Yeah. Boom, man. But then you, you leave this actual sentences in the book book. Well, Do you see what happens to Alex Cross? I gotta tell you, But you leave the sentences in the book to the person you're collaborating with.


At what point did you think that you'd stick to the story and leave the sentences to someone else? Correct me if I'm getting in wrong. Well, No, no. Yeah, no, I didn't. I mean, a lot of times it's the beginning. My Compartmentalize Too much beginning. No, I would go in and do two or three drafts in the beginning. Yeah. Not as much now, because most of the people I'm working with, they kind of know the joke. But I'll still come in and rewrite. I mean, the most insane thing was when I, I did the BookShots, which were novellas, which I still think is, was a very valuable thing to do. So the stores would have these, you could read these books in a couple of hours, like a movie. They were novellas a hundred pages, a hundred, whatever the heck. And I think it's a useful thing. The, the publishers were afraid of it because, oh my God, people are gonna buy these $7 books and they won't buy, well, they will buy longer books, but you're just gonna have more people.


And some of them, that's all they have time for. They have a couple hours and they want to, you know, it's like, it's like a movie, you know. But the year I did that, I wrote 2,400 pages of outlines in addition to two full books. So, and then that's one of the things that people are looking at, you know what I do? And they go like, well, and they always project their own situation. And people are sort of funny that way. Like with this, the Dad Book, how to be, you know, a better dad. In one hour I'll talk to these various, you know, people who interview you, and they go, what's the one idea? And I go, there isn't one idea. The whole idea of this book, there's so many things dads can work on. And, and, and they need, just need to figure out the things that pertain to them.


And the reason it's one hour is because most dads will not read the 400 page book. So what I did is just try, and that's not a joke, but it's serious. I mean, 'cause I wanted to, to be pragmatic about it. And what I've heard, and I've never had this experience before, but especially women who read the book and they say, I'm giving this quite seriously to my husband, quite seriously, to my dad, and quite seriously to my two goofy brothers who, who are dads and really need, need help. And, and, and guys, do guys need help Right Now, Are these things that your father did or did not do for you? My dad, the only time, and this isn't totally true, but my, my only hug I ever got from my dad was on his deathbed.


And he apologized and he cried, which he never did everything. Well, he apologized for not hugging you or for Something else. He apologized for just not being as close as he thought he should have been. And I just said, you were a great dad. You're a great dad. Was he, He, look, he grew up in the Newburgh Poorhouse, it was called the Pogi. His mother was a charwoman there. His father had disappeared, but he never knew, he never knew his father, and he didn't have the experience to be a dad, you know? So, and that's fine. And I, I did therapy for one year and I got in touch with, and, and I, I just don't blame him.


It was fine. He did the best he could. I have a friend, his whole thing is doing the best you can. Religion, you're doing the best you can. Okay. That's good. God bless you. You're doing the best you can. Okay. What'd your father end up doing to make a living? Well, he, the last thing he did after he retired, he retired at 60, 61. He actually wrote a novel. It didn't get published, but it was pretty good. It was pretty good. And that's what he wanted to do. He went to Hamilton, which is to go from where he was, the poor house and get into Hamilton Leap. Unbelievable leap. Sure. He was a bright guy. He didn't have a lot of confidence, you know, he just didn't think he could. He, he sold, he sold insurance. And then he actually did, well, he worked for Prudential, he did well in the insurance stuff, but, but he didn't have the confidence and he didn't instill confidence in myself or my sisters either, which was unfortunate.


But my grandmother, she was the one, she said, listen, you're gonna be real about this stuff. You're not gonna play in the NBA, so forget about that. You don't go to your left very well. You're good. I could dunk in high school. He was a little white guy that could dunk, but, but you're not gonna make it. So, but you're, you, you are gonna be able to do stuff. And she had one, one of the lines, which I use it in on Substack, is Hungry Dogs run faster. That was one of her things. And the other thing was just go out and chop wood. Do it, do it. Don't you know, stop talking about writing your book. Go write the damn book. Seriously. So I wanna ask you about your Alex Cross series, which is like your longest running series of books.


Yeah, yeah. Did you know that you'd be capable of writing mysteries and, and thrillers? No. And I, somewhere in there, I think it was when I were at Vanderbilt, I read, and I didn't read a lot of commercial novels at that point, but I read Day of The Jackal and The Exorcist, and I went, oh, these are cool. I like these. And maybe I could write something like that. The novel that had knocked me out a hundred years of solitude. And I said, I, I'm not capable of of that. I thought I could write a literary, you know, an okay, you know. But I said, I don't really wanna do that. I don't wanna write for those people. Honestly, I'm not interested in those kinds of stories. But I said I could, maybe I could do something that day, the jackal maybe.


But I can't do a hundred years of Solitude. I don't have it in me. And that's what I'd like to do. But I, you know, it's like, you know, you're not gonna play in the NBA. Sorry. Yeah. I didn't have the confidence know. And that's a big deal. That's, and I fortunately down there, there was a, a professor and I took one writing course and he said, you have it, you have that. And he was, it was a real conservative southern guy. And I was hippie with the long hair in the hole, whatever. I wish I had the long hair now. But, you know, and that was a big confidence builder. That was huge for me. Huge. To have a professor, to have a published novelist. Say you have, Peter Taylor was another one.


Peter Taylor, he read some of my stuff that you have it really good short story writer who was at the University of Virginia. So another question about religion. You know, we talked a little about the Traps Monastery. Yeah, yeah. That you spent 10 days in and how it helped you decide to be a writer. Yeah. Do you maintain any form of religion in your life? If that's not too personal to ask. Yeah, No, you know, yeah. Something, something, some connection that, you know, certainly the idea that things are bigger than me, which I think that doesn't necessarily religious, but I think it's, I, I think it probably has its basis back in, in growing up Catholic.


And there, there are things more important than you, you know, and whether that's a society or whatever the heck it is. Or your family. So I've always had that. You were an altar boy. I was, I'd served mass every day for like two years in a row. This is when I don't know how old I was. Nine, 10 years old. Yeah. What did it mean to you? Well, I think in those days, and I think like a lot of kids, I, you know, I thought about maybe I'll be a priest. That might be an interesting thing to do. I certainly respected the priest and the brothers and the nuns and what my mother taught in the school. We, we had, you know, priests and brothers in our house all the time. They wrecked two of our cars. Oh, really? A little too much wine, whatever.


I don't know. Not yet, honestly, you know. Oh, he hit a fire hydrant. Okay. That's okay, father. No problem. And we didn't have money either. I mean, that was the other like, oh no. And my father was not Catholic, so he was especially not keen on that. So I know I've just really appreciate, like, I think so many, many, many people do. All the philanthropy, you've done the support of literacy, the sport of independent bookstores, scholarships. Yeah. Funding school, libraries. One thing I find especially endearing, which we've done, is giving bonuses to independent booksellers And librarians a little bit too.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's such a nice touch. 'cause I'm sure they're all not paid very well. And it's such a personal thing to do. It's like acknowledging not just the institution or an abstract and like, loving reading. It's honoring the individuals who do the work. Yeah. And how did you come up with that? I don't know, but you know, the, but but the other piece of it, which just to your point No, no, no. To your point is I get the nicest notes from people of all the things I do. They'll send these notes and they'll, yeah, and they'll, some of them, you know, like for the first time in three years, I gave my parents presence this year because, or I went to the dentist because of the, you know what I mean? And it's real and it's honest. And, and they're so appreciative.


And so that's a nice thing. James Patterson, I wanna thank you for this, and congratulations on the Lifelong Learning Award. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. James Patterson's latest book is the number one Dad Book, the new novel he wrote with Bill Clinton will be published later this summer. Our thanks to W Y's, Nancy Stukey, Ali Lesperance, and Yvette Murray coming up, if you think Accordion is a corny and out of date instrument, stay tuned for some music that I think will change your mind. Jazz critic, Martin Johnson will review the new solo accordion album by Will Holtshauser and will feature my interview with him. He brought his accordion and played. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you. With one touch. In app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, rocket Money. Smart Money moves are all about getting more out of every dollar. With rocket money, you can easily find forgotten subscriptions and have them negotiate bills for you, saving you money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/ Fresh Air today.


This message comes from Carvana. Sell your car right now to Carvana. Just enter your license plate or VIN and get a real offer that's good for seven days. Sell to Carvana today.


Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross, host of the show. One of the things I do is write the Weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So subscribe@wyy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning. The music of Will Holtshauser defies easy categorization Streaming services have variously filed as albums as jazz folk, even easy listening.


There's more than a grain of truth to these classifications, but adjectives like elegant, buoyant, and saucy fit much better and maybe ambitious. Hus Hauser is an accordionist and is new recording. The Lone Wild Bird is a solo effort, a rarity for a virtuoso on his instrument. Martin Johnson has this review, and after Martin's review, we hear my interview with Hus Hauser. He brought his accordion in, played Accordionist Will Holser has played in a wide variety of bands from violinist Regina Carter's jazz hybrid group, reverse thread to singer songwriters like Suzanne Vega and Rufuss Wainwright to Klier Bands to his own trio.


Musette explosion on His latest recording Lone Wild Bird. He goes It alone Solo. The austere setting allows Hol Hauser to really showcase the sound of his instrument and its versatility in the hymn like track that we just heard. It can be solemn and pensive, but it can also be boisterous and joyful.


The setting also allows us to hear the inner workings of his instrument. Underneath the accordion sound are grunts and huffs from the air that gets pumped inside of it. On the track, Avery, he shakes the bellows on the instrument to create a rhythmic underpinning for the tune, almost as if he was accompanied by someone on the Wholesaler grew up in Cambridge, Massachusetts.


He's the son of two ministers. So hymns were an early part of his musical diet. He was studying jazz piano and turned to accordion when a college pal gave him one as a gift. He was fascinated by the mechanics of the instrument and its versatility. It was a cornerstone in folk musics from New Orleans to Madagascar. And Holser, who was 56 was finding his way through his instruments range at a time when exotic music was rapidly becoming more accessible via the recording boom of the eighties and nineties, and the rise of the internet shortly thereafter. It is this variety of music that is reflected on lone wild bird wholesaler's. Original three Glasses is a minor key and intimate tribute to composer Dmitri Kovich Wholesalers.


Jazz roots are a prominent part of the program. Blue Waters reflects his interest in counterpoint, and it has a bluesy feel. It's a tribute to jazz organ great Jimmy Smith. You might not get the collard greens and cornbread that Smith's music often evoked, but you can feel the soulful grit.


Wholesaler's Jazz interest also led him to the traditional hymn. Abide with Me. The music dates back to the 19th century, but legendary jazz pianist and composer Thelonious Monk recorded an all horns arrangement. It made the Accordionist ponder. What would it have sounded like if Monk played the piano on the track? You can hear some of this idea here.


For many music fans, the accordion will bring to mind the music of the Celtic Punk rockers. The Pogues and wholesaler touches on the Irish traditions on reel to reel a tune written in part by his brother-in-law who makes violins and played in a band with his father. A first generation Irish immigrant.


There aren't many rules for what you can and cannot do on a solo accordion recording, but it seems essential. To address the Cajun tradition and wholesaler covers the New Orleans waltz. Cha Sa sells in tandem with BFA Waltz. To close out this stellar recording, Martin Johnson writes about jazz for the Wall Street Journal and downbeat.


He reviewed the Lone Wild Bird by Will Holtshauser. I recorded an interview with Holtshauser a few years ago, during which he played his accordion. We'll hear that after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Dell Technologies. The power of Dell AI with Intel inside is transforming the world of pro sports. Using realtime analysis to help give teams a winning edge power. Your wins at dell.com/win.


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


This message comes from Viking, committed to exploring the world and comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment on onboard and on shore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


Now that we've heard Martin Johnson's enthusiastic review of the new solo album, the Lone Wild Bird by Accordion Player Will Holz Hauser. Let's hear from Hols Hauser. I spoke with him in 2014 when his album introducing Musette explosion was released. It features French Wa and Dances as well as original songs in the Musette style. He brought his accordion to the studio and played since I think most people will don't have an accordion at home and don't get to see accordion very much. I'm assuming a lot of people aren't really familiar with what an accordion can really do and how it works. So give us a little tour of your very beautiful accordion. Well, sure.


Well, the, on the right side, there's a keyboard, looks like a piano keyboard. And these keys, when you push a key, it opens a valve in the accordion and that allows air to pass over metal reeds, which are inside the box. So the nickname for it, one nickname for it is the squeeze box. So as you move the bellows back and forth, that generates the air. And then when you push the keys on the right hand, or the buttons on the left hand that lets the air through and the reads sound. So my accordion has four sets of reads that can play very low notes on the right hand or very high notes.


If you hit a, there's these register switches, you can change the Reed Bank that's activated. So, and then there are two middle sets of reeds, which are slightly detuned, and you can also play all four sets together. So, and then the left hand has buttons, which in the standard accordion system are base notes and chords. And this was made invented in the 19th century to play music that did that European music.


And it's all based, of course, around the European tonal system. That system is called Stradella. There's a town in Italy called Strella where it was invented. So it's a lot of fun. It's a very versatile instrument with a very wide range and wide dynamics. The dynamics come from the bellows, which it's often said the bellows in the accordion is like the bow of the violin. That's where you get dynamics expression and a whole host of other effects. So manipulate the bellows differently to give us a sense of how the tone changes, depending on how you're, what's the verb for what you do with the bellows?


What's The right verb? Bellowing. Bellowing, alright. I suppose, but yeah. Well it's, you know, it's mostly dynamics, but you can, the, the sound of the note does change as you change the air pressure. So that's going from slow to fast in in, in terms of the, what you're doing with the bellows. Yeah. As you push harder, it, it gets louder as you push more air across the reed. And there's some special effects. If you open the valve halfway and push the air really hard, it can bend the pitch. Whoa, I, I didn't know you could bend notes on accordion.


See Bend notes on a keyboard instrument. Yeah. That's not a synthesizer. It's pretty Right. Pretty good. So I should ask you to play a song for us. Okay. And your new album Introducing Musette Explosion is All Musette, which is a type of French song. Tell us what the genre is. Well, it's basically French dance hall music from the first half of the 20th century. And it's led, the accordion is the lead instrument. The guitar is also very important. And one of the standard forms in this type of music is the waltz.


And to us as Americans, it sounds iconically French, but then if you look beneath the surface, it's actually has a very multicultural family tree. So it began with French peasants in Paris playing an instrument called the Musette, which was actually a little bagpipe. And then around 1900 there was a wave of Italian immigrants who brought the accordion and a lot of their music to Paris. And they kind of took over the dance halls. The accordion became the lead instrument. The bagpipe was forgotten, but left its name to the genre ette. And there were also a large Roma gypsy population in France.


And they contributed a lot of their style to this genre. Also, some people say the Roma guitarists were the first ones to write waltz's in minor keys, which became a classic Musette sound. And The tradition that Django Reinhardt was from Exactly his first gig was playing banjo in a musette dance. Banjo. Yeah. Wow. Oh, you have banjo. You, you're a guitar player. Matt Steri plays banjo on some of the tracks That's right. On your album. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. So you should play one of the ettes from your album for us. Do you want, do you wanna do Swing falls? Sure. That sounds great. What are you doing to your accordion?


Oh, I was just making sure that I had the right register on. Okay. Because you can, depending on which register you have, you can get, you know, in a different octave or each one has a sort of different sound. Okay. Or different Flavor. And this is, this is my guest Will Holtshauser. Alright. This is Swing Vols, written by Bar Fare and Gus er.


That's great. That's just so beautiful. Thank you. So how, how were you first introduced to the, the songs known as Mette Through Reissues that came out in the 1990s. There's a great label in France called FMO and Associates. So I heard them and I was struck by this music and kind of blown away by how do they get these sounds outta the accordion? And Matt Munici my friend, felt the same way. And that's sort of how we started playing together. We were both interested in French Musette, and it's so expressive virtuosic, it's an unusual type of, some of these tunes, especially swing vaults, are hybrids of jazz and French music.


So when some of these French Musette musicians fell in love with jazz in the twenties and thirties, they began to write these hybrid tunes that were, and hence the name Swing Vols inspired by the American records that they were crazy about. We'll hear more of my interview with Will Halls Hauser, and I'll play more music after a break. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast. And the following message come from maiden cookware President and co-founder Jay Kali shares a tool that's useful for both master and newbie griller. The craftsmanship of the carbon steel griddle enhances your grilling experience because it allows you a totally different type of grill surface that opens up the amounts of food you're able to cook. So the griddle is the perfect accessory to add to your grill and kind of widen your, your grilling game. Learn more about Made in cookware at M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


This message comes from tma, create Your Oasis with tma, A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by striping away everything but the essential TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves and minimalist style. The TMA bed collection is available in four signature finishes to match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to TU ma co slash npr.


There's something very old fashioned and avant-garde about the co, about the accordion. And let me see if I can explain that. It seems old fashioned because in this era of like digital instruments and everything, like you're physically pumping air into it, you're doing it manually to get the air over the reeds to create the sound. But there's something kind of avant garde about it because you can get all these really unusual overtones through this array of buttons almost as if it was some kind of either synthesizer or organ where you're, you're, you know, you're just creating unusual harmonics. It's true. And especially, yeah, dissonance on the accordion, playing notes very close together can bring out those overtones and there is a whole range of effects you can get.


Go Show us some effects you can get. Alright, Well here's a, here's some very high notes with special overtones. If you shake the bellows, you can make it shimmer like that. You can do these bending notes like I showed you before. There's sort of cluster, nice clusters. You can get one hand flop around on the keyboard like a fish.


There's rhythmic things you can do with the bellows. Sometimes when I play for my daughter's class, I'll do a train effect. The kids like that. I like that too. Anyway, so yeah, that's, and that's done by shaking the bellows back and forth. So yeah, there are all kinds of things you can do. You know, you can use the breath, the breathing sound, and you just heard the bellows kind of squeezing, flopping together.


So yeah, there's a, a whole bunch of effects you can get. I, I love it. I love it. There's an original song I'm gonna ask you to play that you do on your new album, the Musette Explosion. And this is an original song in the style of a French musette, and it's called Sean Song Pop, which translates to pop song. Yes. So would you talk about composing it? And there's two different parts to the song. It's like, like a six minute piece on the recording. I'm going to ask you to play an excerpt of the opening melody, and then we'll talk about that and then we'll play an excerpt. I'm gonna ask you to play an excerpt from Deeper in. Okay. So, But give us an overview of this piece and writing it and what your intention was.


Well, one of the kinds of work that I've really enjoyed doing as an accordionist in New York over the last, you know, 20 years or so, is accompanying singers. And I've had great pleasure to accompany some singers that do French repertoire from the Chaong tradition, which of course just means song, but it's, for example, the most famous exponent of the Chaong tradition is Edith Poff. And for a while I was playing with a, a great singer from France named Michel Erma. And I was the only accompanist. It was really fun because I was, it was just vogels and accordion.


So I was the entire backdrop. And he would, he was very good at coaching me in developing these accompaniments. And he said, a song, one of these songs is like a movie. So this verse is one scene and you need to create a backdrop. Maybe it's like a sunny day or something. Then the next verse or the next part of the song is totally different, create a different backdrop. So to me, learning about that tradition, which is a little different from the Musette tradition. The Musette tradition is more the waltz's, the dances, the dance music, and the cha song tradition is more the, the poetic songwriting.


It, there's some overlap, but this piece, I was thinking of some of those p off songs and not really trying to imitate them, but sort of trying to tap into the, the wonderful grandiosity of some of those pieces. So I'll play the opening melody first. Perfect. Yes. Okay.


That's beautiful. And that's Will Hols Hauser in our studio playing the opening of his song Ong Pop. And I know you, I know you said that that's based on like Chong French song. To me it sounds like it's also based on hymns. Okay. And I, I I know that your father was a minister. That's right. And I imagine you heard a lot of hymns growing up. Do you hear a little hymn like, hymn like quality in that piece? You're a very perceptive listener, aren't I? Yes, Absolutely. And that's really, for me, that's almost the beginning, very beginning of my musical life. My interest in music is going to church as a kid.


And, and hearing these hymns and feeling something stirring inside me that I couldn't describe, you know, feeling almost like a kind of truth or something that was a very direct experience and that I really couldn't put into words. Was It a combination of beautiful music in a sacred place? I think so. Yeah. It was, you know, clearly people coming together to be quiet and to think about serious things. And my first music teacher was the artist in residence at our church, and he wrote Jazz for the services. His name is Douglas Cook. And he wrote very beautiful, very dissonant, meditative jazz that would be in the services.


So for me, that's the beginning of a lot of my, what I like about music is the hymns, the, the music that Doug wrote in our service. And to me it's music. That's what's great about music is it's, it's this internal language that we can all share. It's accessible to everybody. My interview with Will Holtshauser was recorded in 2014. He has a new solo accordion album called The Lone Wild Bird. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, we'll talk about how JD Vance rose from a struggling Ohio steel town to Yale Law School, to venture capital, and now the vice presidency. Along the way, he shed old convictions and adopted new ones.


Some deeply divisive. We'll talk with Atlantic Magazine staff writer George Packer about Vance's transformation and what it reveals about the future of American politics. I hope you'll join us To keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Gani Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Benham with Additional engineering today from Adam Stanski.


Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers and Ri Dondo, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth Thea, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Neer. Our consulting visual producer is Hope Wilson. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Tariq Gross.


This message comes from Crown Publisher of the Demon of unrest, a saga of hubris, heartbreak, and heroism. At the dawn of the Civil War by Eric Larson, the author of The Splendid and the Vile in the Demon of Unrest, Eric Larson, brings to life the pivotal five months between the election of Abraham Lincoln and the start of the Civil War. A simmering crisis that finally tore a deeply divided nation into the demon of unrest is available wherever books and audio books are sold.


This message comes from NPR sponsor One Password, protect your Digital Life with one password. If you're tired of family member is constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac, and PC with convenient features like autofill. For quick, right now get a free two week trial for you and your family@onepassword.com slash NPR.