
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC. This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a Garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr From WHYY in Philadelphia. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley. Today, Michelle Williams talks about starring and dying for sex, a dark but funny series based on a true story about a woman with stage four cancer who facing death decides to take ownership of her sexual pleasure.


It's something William says she herself didn't really consider until recently. The consideration of one's own pleasure was not in the conversation when I was coming of age. It was, first of all, you shouldn't do it if you have to, you'll probably suffer a tragedy, get sick or die. Also, we hear from Sarah Snook. She's best known for her role on HBO's succession as Shiv Roy Snoop was recently nominated for Tony for her performance on Broadway. In the stage adaptation of The Picture of Dorian Gray that's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com To learn more. This message comes from Rinse. These days you can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but you can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu. This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts.


What's in your wallet terms? Apply See capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member FDIC. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley. Sometimes a show reaches out and grabs you by the collar with its honesty. That's what happened after I watched the first episode of the new FX series, dying for Sex. I knew immediately that I had to watch the rest of it alone. I needed to sit with it to cry without feeling self-conscious, to laugh without an audience because the show is so intimate, so distinctly human. Adapted from the Wondery podcast of the same name and based on a true story Dying for Sex follows, A woman named Molly played by My guest today, Michelle Williams.


Molly leaves her marriage after a terminal breast cancer diagnosis and embarks on a sexual adventure, but that doesn't even scratch the surface. Yes, there is sex, sometimes kinky, a little awkward, often hilarious. But the show is really about everything surrounding it. It's about what happens when the fear of dying outweighs the fear of never having truly lived. It's about how trauma gets stored in the female body. It's about reclaiming pleasure even after we've been told that it doesn't belong to us. In this scene that I'm about to play, Molly has just learned that her breast cancer has returned and is now stage four.


She begins meeting with a palliative care counselor for support. I'm too young and it sucks. Okay. I haven't done anything with my life. I actually don't know what I like or what I want. I've never, I've never even had an orgasm with another person and now I'm gonna die. Good. Molly. Hey, We have something for your list. Orgasm with another person.


Dying for Sex is also a story about friendship. GI Slate plays Nikki Molly's best friend who becomes her caretaker after Molly leaves her loving, but emotionally unavailable husband. And at times their friendship feels like the real love story. And did I mention that this is a comedy? Michelle Williams has spent her career exploring the complexities and inner lives of women from her breakout role as Jen Linley on Dawson's Creek to Gwen Verden and Fosse Verden, and the role of Mitzi Steven Spielberg's mother and the Fable Men's. She's been nominated five times for an Academy Award and has won two Golden Globes and took home an Emmy for her performance.


And Fosse Verden a warning for those who might have children in the room. We will be talking about sex and pleasure during this conversation. Michelle Williams, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you so much for having me. I'm really thrilled to be here With you. I am thrilled to have you. You heard me say I needed to watch this series alone. You know, me and my husband, the wonderful thing about this job is we get previews and we kind of watch it together, kind of like a date night, you know? And after that first episode I said, I have to watch it alone. I watched the whole series by myself and then of course I went to him sobbing, telling him all about it. And I heard you had a similar experience after listening to the podcast that this is based on.


I did. It unraveled me and I went back to listen to it for a second time to try and figure out why it had this power over me. And then there I was on the floor again with no sense of what had really just happened. And I listened to the podcast in tandem with reading the first, the pilot episode written by Liz Maryweather and Kim Rosenstock. And those companion pieces for me cast such a spell that I immediately, for, for reasons that I couldn't understand and were beyond me, knew that I wanted to make this.


Mm. Have you come to understand the core of that emotion, where that kind of like magical thing came from within you that knew this was something you had to do? I think it's, it's a lot of things, but if I could put one pin in it, it would be that it's possible to be both scared and brave at the same time. And that's what I think moved me so much about Molly's journey and this best friendship. Yes, this is definitely a series about friendship and almost how like our female friendships, we can have soulmates with each other. You know, we often think of that in the romantic context.


Jenny Slate played your best friend and what chemistry you guys had. I actually heard something like, I think the test read that you all did, you came, you arrived in the same outfit or something like That. Yeah, it was like when you were a kid, you know, and you would call your best friend and say, what are we doing? You know, the black t-shirt and the white shorts. And that's how we showed up. I knew that we would part and come back together, you know, we had this reading this moment, but already the connection was made and we knew that we would go down this road together. And the, you know, the, the sweet, the very sweet ending to the story, she's moving to Brooklyn where I live and Liz lives. And so it Has Wait, you mean Jenny Slate?


Jenny Slate is so In real life, right? You all became friends in real life. Yeah. We're, we're hitching our wagons together. You seem to be someone who really values friendship almost in a way that is kind of communal. I've heard you just talk throughout your career about the friends that you've collected over time that have become kind of like your family. That's very true. I'm thinking of all the friends that I've lived with in what really felt like a commune for a while. There was a period of my life where we had room to share and my friends came to make our house feel like a home. One of my best friends, Daphne, we slept in the same bed for years, and another friend Jeremy lived downstairs and, and then they would have, their friends would be there.


It was a kind of like a, like a real open door policy to create a sense of community. I wanna talk a little bit more about friendship, but I wanna talk about sex for a minute. Okay. Sex is a proxy for so many things, although sex in this series is kind of spoken about in a literal sense, and like the things that you want to do before you pass. One of the things that I think I heard you say is like, I have never had to do on screen, like perform self-pleasure. And I wanted to ask you about that because that act is so intimate, you know, we do it without being self-conscious, you know, because we are often alone and here you are in front of an entire crew.


Right. I can imagine. What was it like and how were you able to get to that truth for yourself in those moments when you had to act out those scenes? So the thing that I'm always looking for, and I think the reason that I go to work is to expand my sense of freedom. And that the moments between action and cut that is a very safe space because nothing bad can truly happen there. The worst that can happen to me is that I feel embarrassed, but that's not going to destroy me, nor is it going to stop me. So I have to continue to tell myself that that is my time to get free.


And that's kind of my mantra. Get free, get free, get free. And so I return again to that idea of it is possible to be both scared and brave at the same time. So I to tell myself that a lot before those scenes and really hold on to this idea of relaxation, expansion, and freedom. One of the other things I was thinking about is, you know, when I was coming of age, of course we know like sex is for everyone as a consenting adult, but really the message that you're told as a woman is that sex is for men and that you're performing for them.


This series actually made me kind of think about that in new ways at this old age that I hadn't thought about. What about for you? Same. Same. The consideration of one's own pleasure was not in the conversation when I was coming of age. It was, listen, first of all, you shouldn't do it. Yeah. Right, right, Right. If you have to, you'll probably suffer a tragedy, get sick or die. Right, Right. So it seemed pretty scary and loaded and it's certainly taken me a long time to unpack and I, I just, I do believe that things will be different for my daughter.


Oh, say more. What do you mean? I see her generation and their radical acceptance of each other and themselves. And I see, I see them working together with more equality than certainly what I was raised with. Look, I hope I'm not just talking about Brooklyn want this when you're talking About Brooklyn, where you guys live. No, I, I think I know what you mean because I, I have an 18-year-old daughter and every time I, I listened to she and her friends, I think like wow. I mean they're just so far and beyond where I was at that age. That's What I think. I just think, oh, she's just light years ahead of Yeah.


Where I maybe even am. She teaches me, she is proud of me and accepting of me. And even this show, she's like, you go mom. Or like, I did a magazine cover that was racy and she said, you look amazing. And so I don't know if it's cultural, I don't know if it's familial. I don't know if it's title, I don't know if it's, but I'm seeing a rapid push in developmental readiness as it relates to my daughter. Thinking back to something you were saying about friendship and that communal connection that you've been able to foster and feel with friends, your eldest daughter, Matilda's dad, is the late Heath Ledger.


And you've spoken so beautifully about your friend, an award-winning actor, Jeremy Strong, how he was such a strong presence in your life after Heath's death, almost like he moved in quite literally and became what you needed in that moment. Can you share what it meant to have a friend like that during such a profound time in your life? Well, that was the period of time in my life when there were sort of multiple people going in and out of that house. Like I referenced my friend Daphne. We shared a bedroom and a closet and a bathroom.


And then Jeremy was there, my sister was there, we had a name, I think Mary, maybe Jeremy came up with it and he called it Fort Awesome. And it was like Pipi longstocking or something. Something that you imagine as a child, you know, you imagine this place where you could go and you could make some of the rules and you would be together and there would be, it would be full of fun and play and ideas and personalities and acceptance and love. And he had sort of imagined this place as a child that He, His child mine would call Fort. Awesome. And he said, I think that was kind of like what that time was.


It was like, awesome. What did that Look like? Because I think you said like you described Jeremy as serious enough to hold the weight of a child's broken heart, which is so powerful and sensitive enough to approach her through play. Exactly. That was, that's my friend. That's who I've known for a long time. That's who I know now and raise my children with great proximity to his children. But that at the heart of what he does and who he is that maybe you don't get to witness if you don't know him in the way that I do, is this delight in play. So he would be engaged for as long as Matilda wanted to be on fairy princesses or tea parties or dress up.


Our guest today is award-winning actor Michelle Williams, star of the FX series, dying for Sex. We'll hear more of our conversation after a short break. I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air Weekend. This message comes from tma. Create Your Oasis with tma. A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential. TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves and minimalist style. The Thema bed collection is available in four signature finishes To match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to t do co slash npr.


This is a message from Noom when it comes to weight loss. No two people are the same. That's why Noom S programs are personalized and based on your unique psychology and biology with Noom, the days of starting and stopping weight loss plans are over, start building better habits with Noom. Get your personalized plan today@noom.com. This message comes from Bluehost. Bluehost can make building a great website easy and offers a 30 day money back guarantee. Customize and launch your site in minutes with ai, then optimize with built-in search engine tools. Get your great site@bluehost.com. Let's go back to the Dawson's Creek days.


Okay, so your breakout role was as Jen Linley. She's this rebellious girl from New York City who goes to Cape Side to live with her conservative grandmother. You were 16 years old, right when the city started. I was, yes. Yes. 16. It just sounds like it was a big moment for you in understanding who you are and your taste. What was it about that experience that kind of, was that flashpoint for you? Well, something that happened to me when I was making that show is that I met Mary Beth Peele who played My Grams, and Mary Beth Peele is an esteemed beloved New York stage actress.


And she showed me plays. And then I started going up to New York City. I would get in my car in North Carolina and I would drive 12 hours for the weekend By yourself, by Myself. I would go see a movie and a play and walk this little stretch of sixth Avenue and then I would get in my car and drive 12 hours home. And what I started seeing when I got to New York City were ideas of things that I would like to be a part of. And then I had this woman, Mary Beth, who was encouraging me and saying that I should try and that she thought that I could.


And that was at a time when nobody had ever said anything like that to me. Before that I could be in movies or I could be in plays or I could make things that mattered to me. I had come from a very different environment. I'd been working on and off as an actor in Los Angeles. I'd been working since I was 12. I was emancipated at 15 and living on my own for about, I don't know, half a year or something before I got Dawson's Creek. And so I was coming from Los Angeles in this sort of idea of, you know, if you can get a national commercial, it'll last you a year. And that's what I wanted for myself. Or if you could get on a TV show that would, you could support yourself.


And that's what I wanted for myself. And then I went to New York City and I thought I, I was introduced to this whole other expression of the medium that I'd never been exposed to. I think growing up I'd just seen the sound of Music and Mary Poppins and things like that. I didn't really know what was possible. Yeah. And then I started to make New York City home. I did my first play there when I was 18. And it became the place that I would spend the summers and the, the weekends and just kind of a, a place that I thought, oh I could, I could make a life for myself here. Because you didn't go to formal school. Of course now you've lived the School of life like 10 times over.


Right. But do you feel any insecurity about that? Or does that ever come up for you where you're thinking about like, this is a bit of knowledge that maybe if I had gone to school I would've known it? Oh, all the time. I am constantly confronted by the things that I don't know and like what real, real gaps where information should be geography. Okay. Yeah. I could go on and on, but I think maybe that's why work has become, you know, that's my conduit to the world.


That's my, this is the thing that I've spent the most time trying to gain an understanding of and why it was so important to me. Because without it, I really had nothing to show for myself. I had no institution behind me that said, I accredit you in in this particular way. And so then where do you get a good feeling about yourself? So my work has meant so much to me because it's been, it was where I got to know myself and I thought, well maybe if I could get a little bit good at this thing, I could get a little bit of that self-esteem. I wanna ask you about a really big moment in 2019, your Emmy award speech when you won outstanding lead actress in a limited series for Fossy Verdin.


I wanna play a little bit of it and then we'll talk about it briefly on the other side. Let's listen. I see this as an acknowledgement of what is possible when a woman is trusted to discern her own needs, feels safe enough to voice them and respected enough that they'll be heard. When I asked for more dance classes, I heard Yes. More voice lessons. Yes. A different wig. A pair of fake teeth not made out of rubber. Yes. And all of these things, they require effort and they cost more money. But my bosses never presumed to know better than I did about what I needed in order to do my job and honor Gwen Verden. And so I wanna say thank you so much to FX and to Fox 21 Studios for supporting me completely and for paying me equally.


Because they understood, Because they understood that when you put value into a person, it empowers that person to get in touch with their own inherent value. And then where do they put that value? They put it into their work. And so the next time a woman and especially a woman of color, because she stands to make 52 cents on the dollar compared to her white male counterpart, tells you what she needs in order to do her job, listen to her believe her because one day she might stand in front of you and say, thank you for allowing her to succeed because of her workplace environment and not in spite of it.


Thank you. That was my guest Michelle Williams in 2019. I still get chills when I hear it. You were so profound and clear-eyed. I always wondered like, do you like practice the speech before you go up there? 'cause that's such a, such a detailed speech. Thank you. I spent a long time working on it. I knew if given the opportunity, I knew what I wanted to say and that you have a very short time to say it. And so it needs to be as perfect as you can make it. And then underneath my hands are like this.


My heart is like this. Yes. And I was pregnant at the time. And so, you know, also experiencing that. But I felt so connected in that moment to have had these experiences that allowed me to be the conduit for the message. Yeah. These years later, do you feel, how are you feeling in this moment as someone who you like spent your career really trying to show the inner, like us as women, like you're trying to show the totality of us as human beings and now we're in 2025. You're finding so much in your daughter Matilda, that then there's so much in the world that we are up against now five years later.


How are you, six years later, what are you reflecting on when you hear that speech? We're not where I thought we would be. The opportunities of those moments of the Me Too movement, of the Black Lives Matter movement. I hope that they are underground and that they will come back and that there will be a resurgence of the optimism and the momentum that we were enjoying. Are you feeling optimistic? No. Are you, I'm thinking about what you said about your daughter. I feel optimism when I look at my kids. Yeah. I feel optimistic about them.


Yeah. I feel optimistic when I watch shows like Dying for Sex, which was hugely meaningful to me. And you said like you take a piece of every project and character and you grow with it and it goes to the next thing for you. What are you taking away from dying for sex? Pleasure, baby Pleasure. Yeah. Get it right. Get it. It belongs to you. And that humor is not a way to make a joke in a sad situation. That humor is a way to make something whole and complete and also a way to remember something better.


You know, when we, we don't wanna remember the sad times. We wanna remember the good times, the happy times. And so if you can find the's a line from a poet that I like the the light underbelly of the Dark, dark beast, you will be able to transport yourself back to those moments and relive them and be there with them. So the reclamation of humor, especially in or the acknowledgement or the the insistence on looking for it, on finding it, 'cause it's there, it just needs to be found. So the insistence on continuing to find the humor, but most of all the pleasure 'cause they can't take that away from us.


Man, this has been a pleasure. Thank you so much. Thank you So much for being here. Michelle Williams stars in the FX series, dying for Sex, now Streaming on Hulu German born writer Daniel Kelman was shortlisted for the International Booker Prize in 2020 for his novel till his latest novel. The director is set largely in Nazi Germany and raises questions about art and collaboration. Our book, critic Maureen Corrigan, has this review In the German legend.


Faus signs a contract with the devil exchanging his immortal soul for vast knowledge and other earthly rewards. It's a cut and dried transaction in Daniel Gelman's new novel, the director, the demonic deal making is murkier more drawn out little by little, a series of compromises eat away like acid at the integrity of a once great artist. Not only is Gelman's rendering of the Faustian bargain more psychologically plausible than the original, but it takes its inspiration from a true life story. The director is an historical novel based on the life of GW Paps, the early film director who worked with actresses like Louise Brooks, Ladi Lena, and Greta Garbo.


Pat's career moves were circuitous and puzzling, which makes him a tasty subject for historical fiction. He was born in Austria and worked in theater in New York as a young man. Then after World War I, he became one of the most influential directors in Germany, perhaps moved to Hollywood in the 1930s and was a temporary and less successful member of that emigre colony of filmmakers that included Otto Preminger and Fritz Lang on a trip to France in 1939 to make a film and visit his mother, perhaps was stranded by the outbreak of war and return to Nazi Germany.


Entered the devil in the form of propaganda. Minister Joseph Bels in Gelman's re-imagining gal's, cunningly wheels, a stick and a carrot. He alternates the accusation that Paps was a communist who belongs in a concentration camp with appeals to Pat's ego bruised by Hollywood's treatment of him as a highbrow hack in Germany. Gerber's Promises Paps will make artistic films, sublime films, films that touch the German hearts of good deep metaphysical people to oppose the American cheap commercial trash with a resounding no.


It's an offer perhaps feels he can't refuse. As a novel, the director itself joins the pleasures of commercial fiction with the moral weight of a novel of ideas. Kelman clearly has fun vividly invoking a sunsplash Hollywood party where Billy Wilder cavorts in a cowboy hat and studio execs casually confuse the Emigre filmmakers with one another. But comedy turns sinister and surreal in later sections where Paps and his family returned to their castle in Germany where the caretaker now the local Nazi party leader relegates them to the basement.


And then there's the absurdist scene where Paps directs close Hitler confidant Lenny Al in an imagined film as the extras shipped in from a nearby detention camp. Look on Rital insists that caps retake the scene some 21 times each time. Rif Stahl's performance is terrible, but perhaps quickly catches on that. It's dangerous to tell her anything, but it's perfect, just perfect again. Perhaps Gelman's greatest accomplishment is that he manages to raise larger themes through compact dialogues.


Here, for instance, is a conversation about art and morality that he conjures up between Paps and his wife Trudy, who was an actress and writer. All this will pass. Paps tells Trudy, but art remains, even if it remains. Trudy asks the art, doesn't it remain soiled? Doesn't it remain bloody and dirty? Perhaps responds this way. And the Renaissance. What about the Borjas and their poisonings? What about Shakespeare? Who had to make accommodations with Elizabeth? He adds the important thing is to make art under the circumstances one finds oneself.


In referencing his film, Paracelsus Pap says, Paracelsus will still be watched 50 years from now when this nightmare is long forgotten. When do compromises turn into full-blown capitulation? How many accommodations can someone make with evil before they themselves become part of the evil? Do we forget nightmares? Or is history just the reliving of them over and over again? The director doesn't answer these questions, cannot answer them, but it leaves them rattling around in our minds like a roulette wheel that never stops spinning.


Maureen Corrigan is a professor of literature at Georgetown University. She reviewed the director by Daniel Kelman. Coming up we hear from actress Sarah Snook. She played Shiv Roy in succession and was just nominated for Tony for her role. In the picture of Dorian Gray, I'm Tanya Mosley, and This is Fresh Air Weekend. This message comes from Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool From Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match Limited by state law, not available in all states.


This message comes from BetterHelp. This Mental Health Awareness Month. BetterHelp is encouraging everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma associated with mental health. BetterHelp works to make people healthy and happy because when people are taken care of, everyone benefits, including families, colleagues, and communities. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash npr to get 10% off your first month. This message comes from Progressive Insurance. Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states. Our next guest is Sarah Snook.


She's best known for playing Shiv Roy on the show succession. Now she's on Broadway. In a one person show, an adaptation of the Oscar Wild Story, the picture of Dorian Gray. Last week she received a Tony nomination for best leading actress in a play. She spoke with Fresh Airs, Anne Marie Baldonado. It's hard to describe Sarah Snus performance. In the picture of Dorian Gray, Snoop plays all 26 characters in this stage. Adaptation of Oscar Wilde's novel from 1890. It feels like you're watching a two hour sprint. She's giving a nonstop monologue, a crazy athletic solo performance.


For those who don't remember this gothic horror story, it's about a young man, Dorian Gray, who falls in love with his own beauty. When an artist friend paints a portrait of him, he loves his own image so much that he makes a wish, a Faustian bargain that allows him to stay young and beautiful. While his portrait ages and decays. The show uses prerecorded snippets of Snu playing different characters projected on huge video screens. There are cameras, iPhones, and Lightning quick costume and set changes all used to tell this story that culminates end Dorian spiraling and ultimately facing his sins and his mortality.


When Sarah Snook did this play for a run in London last year, it earned her an Olivier award, which is the British equivalent of Aone. This isn't the only award that she's received. She won an Emmy and two Golden Globes for playing fan favorite Shiv Roy, the daughter of Logan Roy. On the show succession. Sarah Snook was born in Australia where she went to drama school and received many accolades for her work on stage and screen. Her films include Jobs, the dress maker and memoir of a snail. Sarah Snook, welcome to Fresh Air. Hi, thanks for having me. Well, the creator of this adaptation, Kip Williams, a fellow Australian.


When he approached you about taking on this role or these roles, what was your response? I read that you said that if you had seen the show, you might not have agreed to do it. Yes. Well, I was pregnant at the time and I was thinking I was like seven months or something and you know, my first baby. And so that kind of ignorance is bliss kind of world of what is to come. And the efforts of parenting at the same time as doing this particular show is if I had seen the show, I think my husband, particularly if he had seen the show, he would've said, this is not, this is not a good idea. This Is not something you do if you have a newborn. This is not possible. I mean, it's not impossible, obviously, but it takes a lot of concentration and support, not just from myself, from from the family and from my team.


As we've mentioned, you play all characters in this show and you're also the narrator of this story. How do you differentiate between the characters? Do you develop the characters in the same way you would if you were just playing one part in a play? Yeah, if you were slumming it and only playing one part, I know how am I gonna go back to just playing one character? I don't know what, what comes after this? What tops this sort of over a stimulation of, of characters to differentiate between the characters. I think lots of different things in, in some ways a blessing and a curse. We had only two weeks of rehearsals before doing the prerecorded portion of the, of the show at the end of 2023.


And so really meant that I had to make sharp and considered decisions quite early. And part of that was created out of doing a lot of voice work with Geraldine Cook, my voice coach in Australia, and working on what timur and tone and pitch and speed pace, et cetera. Each of the characters had an accent as well as what physicality came from that it's very much a physical sensation of each character sits somewhere differently in my body. And how do you develop these different voices?


If you could talk a little bit more about that and then how do you keep them straight? I think the, the process of of finding it in, in the body with the voice and the physicality really helped because when I come to perform them, you know, the basil for instance, is very, he is very, the tone of his voice or the, the temper of his voice perhaps is quite brittle. Basel is the, the artist who did the Portrait forward. Yeah, he's the artist. So he sort of sits quite on the gum ridge just behind the teeth. And there's something centralized, I guess, like it's very focused down and Right.


It's hard to explain actually, now that I'm thinking about it. And there's a, you know, there's quite an obvious clue for Lord Henry where the narrator says, said Lord Henry Wardly. So there's quite a expansive quality to Lord Henry. And there's something that's very, somewhat like molasses, like he's very juicy. And, and, and also something about aristocratic British men who are able to hold court and, and speak, you know, widely on subjects. Lord Henry has quite a deep voice, but he, they actually have quite a range of pitch in their voices and, and if you listen to Steven Fry, he is, he's talking up right at the top level of his pitch and then right down at the bottom in the same sentence.


And it, it really holds your attention. And that was something we really wanted to find for Lord Henry. Now in an interview, I heard you say that when you were a kid you used to love listening to cassettes of poems of Roll Doll and you used to memorize them. And I, and I tried to find it online, I couldn't actually find it, but I was thinking that if you memorize those poems and they were read by British actors listening could have been like great training for you doing the picture of Dorian Gray, which is a bunch of different flowery British characters. It absolutely was. It was such a strange, strange like thing to have as a reference, like a feel, a real body reference really from, from my childhood of Roll Dial's, revolting Rhymes, which weirdly enough, I think Miriam Margulies read one of the characters or one of the poems.


And when I met her, I didn't realize this until I'd, until I was thinking about the Roll Dolls element of it all and went back and I was like, oh man, I should have told her that she was such an inspiration to me as a kid through her voice, through the, the ability, like how her storytelling and characters really spoke to me when I was a kid. Through the help of cameras and recordings of you doing the other parts, you're actually acting opposite yourself. Is it odd to be acting with yourself as a a scene partner? And this is like a version of yourself that was recorded a few years ago? Yeah, it's really, it's really strange. It's really strange 'cause well, what it does, particularly because I can't see myself ever really, there's only once that I can see myself, which is, which is the character of Alan Campbell.


But otherwise I just have to listen to the, the audio recording aspect of it because I'm either back of stage or I'm in front of the screen or I'm behind the screen. I can't, I can't interact with it in that way. It really forces you to listen to, to what the person is saying, to what I'm saying and forces you to be really imaginative really, really, you know, engage with your imagination and how that makes you feel and, and what part, what, what words are springing out to you tonight and what parts of the tone or how it's been delivered are springing out. And and maybe that's come from yeah, listening to audio books when I was a kid a lot and having that imagination sustained in that way.


Well, the performance is highly choreographed. You have to be very precise. You have to get to a marker where you're supposed to be in time for you to interact with a recording of that you performed as another character. You say there are sequences where you have like seconds to get lines out, otherwise the scene cues will be off. Yeah, they'll just keep going. They're like, they're the worst kind of actors that I'm working with. The They don't wait For you. They don't wait for me at all. They'll just barrel on and if I don't keep up, it's my fault. Yeah, I mean the hardest one of that is the Lord Henry sequence in the dinner party scene where there's Seven and you're playing all those seven other guests.


Yeah. How many is it Dorian? 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 6, I think. Yeah, I'm all of the, it's all me. You're playing all the other guests. Yes, But you know, like I don't, I don't think of them as me at all. I think of them as the characters. One thing I wanna add about the play is that it's funny not only the turns of phrases or the performance, but there's also this cheekiness to it. Like the narrator's a bit cheeky and there are also other choices that you make. The way you switch from character to character can be quite funny. Yeah, I mean it is a lot of fun to do and that the narrator really is, is is in a sense Oscar Wilde, you know, I'm not playing him as a character, but there is his energy and his wit is definitely infused naturally into that role because it is the character based on the prose of the book.


You know, it's KIPP's turned a, a Victorian novel into a play and a Victorian novel that wasn't meant to be read out loud, you know, it wasn't like a, a dickens or anything like that. It was, it was meant to be read and in, in episodic form in a way. So somewhat difficult to turn that into dialogue as well as into something that is accessible to an audience now. And part of creating that has been to keep the wit that Oscar Wild has inherently in that text. I wanna ask about succession. The show is about a rich and powerful family, the patriarch Logan Roy played by Brian Cox runs a media company, his health is deteriorating and his children are jocking for control of the company, for power and of course for their dad's love.


You said that originally you didn't wanna audition for the role of Shiv Roy. I'm guessing this would've been like over or around 10 years ago now. Why didn't you think the role was right for you at the time? I think because I, you know, personally, I don't have any experience via association or proximity with wealth at that, that level. But I, I also didn't understand the show so much and I, I, I didn't, I didn't at that time want to be a secondary kind of handbag character to the men in the show who were gonna be, you know, I think Billions had just come out and I was like, oh yeah, you know, I can see that it's it straight white men in business and there's no room for me there.


So I don't think I'll have a very interesting through line and maybe I don't think I'm gonna get this role anyway, so I don't wanna audition. And my friend, I was auditioning for something else and already had hair and makeup on, which is such an effort when you're doing self tapes. I don't know, other people might not think it is, but I find it a real effort doing a self tape in the first place. But I was doing a self tape for something else, and so my friend did just, just read the lines, just let's just have fun. Let's just try and do it. And I'm forever grateful for her. Do you remember what you did or what your take on it was that might have sort of, even though you originally didn't think it was the rule for you m made them take note of you to be shiv?


I don't know. I mean, there probably was a level of in or attitude about not feeling right for this and like, you know, without using it, that's a succession word f you for making me audition for this when I, you know, I'm not right for this. Like, that's a bit shiv to be honest. Like that's Like a little above it, but also like Showing Up angry and wanting to win the test. Yeah, exactly. Wanting to win the test, as Tom says. There you go. Yeah. Well, it occurred to me that the way succession was filmed may have had some similarities to the way you perform your current role in Dorian Gray. I think that for succession, there were numerous cameras following the cast as they did scenes, kind of like the cameras that follow you on stage.


Mm. Are there similarities? Yeah, there are similarities. I mean, very different in terms of the specificity required for Dorian and the fluidity allowed in succession, but something about the proximity of cameras and the, the kind of subtextual or subconscious awareness of them as a character in both succession and Darien has been really useful to have experienced that in succession. It was never, like, they are definitely a character and we're gonna dramaturgically make them feel like that. But just the presence of, you know, like Gregor the, one of the camera operators, one point he was on the other side of the couch, I was doing the scene, he is behind my back on the other side of the couch.


I look over, yep, he's still behind me on the other side of the couch and within three seconds I turn and throw another line back over my shoulder and he's right behind me. He has crossed the couch somehow. He's like leapt over it with a camera in hand. And that kind of agility from the camera operators, both in Dorian and succession is very similar. Wait, so you would sort of perform the scenes and it was kind of the camera people's job to sort of anticipate where you might go with it? Yeah. In in some sense, yeah, we would, we would, wow. We would do a director's rehearsal and we would know the approximate areas that we would need to be in.


And then they, the camera operators with direction from the cinematographer and the director would be telling them, you know, be in this, okay, double down on that line, keep going. Or, you know, do a crash zoom to here or there, like being in the right areas, in the right spots, we would tend to light the room for the scene or light one side and then the other side. So there was no like coming down the line, set up, set up, set up changing the lights each, each shot, each frame. It was very just, yeah, there was a lot of freedom in that way of working and I, I loved it. It was great. It meant that the, the scenes really had a lot of energy between the characters and that we, in, in that particular way of working, we had a lot of space to fill in the gaps, I think.


And that was where, you know, the camera operators and the DP knew, okay, well we know that Sarah's in the corner on this, in this setup, but actually she's been told, you know, as is always the case in succession, you're likely to be on camera. So have an opinion on everything. Like, you know, just be acting. You can't just sit back and, and relax for a moment. And that's, that kind of attention to what's happening in front of you is really fun to work with. But then also was really valuable for transitioning onto something like Dorian, because you're never sitting back. You're never, oh, I'm not on camera, so I can just switch off for a second. It's, you're always on, you're on stage, you're always on. Yeah.


The thing about your character, Shiv, she's an observer. She sometimes hangs back and watches as her brothers, her father or people in the company interact and she seems to process it, and you can see that on your face. Can you talk about how you thought about Shiv as an observer? Yeah, I mean, sometimes it just came out of me as Sarah feeling like I couldn't compete in the level of like, comedy humor or improv that ki at the level that he's able to deliver. Yeah. So half the time it was like, I just give my mouth shut and have an opinion that I'll keep to myself. The camera will pick it up. And that's sort of somewhat developed into a character choice as much as it was a, an acting choice, an actor's choice.


But yeah, I think that's right for her though, as a, as a the younger sister of, of a, you know, oftentimes a room full of men, you're just kind of like, all right, what? Let me watch my stupid older brother and my even stupider older brother and my even stupider older a brother fight themselves out and tear themselves down and get themselves into a knot. And then I'm here I am dad. You know, I've just, I've just been sitting here, you know, there's, there's a cunningness and a like a cunning quality to Shiv and a a part of that is just being the observer and waiting her turn. Well, Sarah Snook, thank you so much for joining us.


My pleasure. Thanks for having me. Nice to chat. Sarah Snook spoke with Anne-Marie Baldonado Snook recently received a Tony nomination for her leading role in the stage adaptation of the picture of Dorian Gray on Broadway, where she plays all 26 characters. Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our managing producer is Sam Rigger. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Terry Gross. I'm Tanya Moseley. This message comes from NPR sponsor, one Password, secure access to your online world.


From emails to banking so you can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr. This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes financing your next car Easy. Buy 100% online with customizable terms good for 30 days. Buy your car the convenient way with Carvana terms may apply. This message comes from homes.com. When you're shopping for a home, you wanna know as much about the area around it is possible. homes.com has got you covered with a comprehensive neighborhood guide from local experts homes.com. We've done your homework.