
99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR From WHYY in Philadelphia. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley today, actor Richard Kind. You've seen him on countless TV shows and films during his 40 year career Only Murders in the Building. Curb Your Enthusiasm.


Spin City Mad about you and A Serious Man just to name a few. He's now the announcer and sidekick on everybody's live with John Mullaney. Plus he knows how to tell a joke. Oh, I got lots of them. Nobody tells a joke better than I do. He'll share one of his favorites. Melinda French Gates also joins us to talk about her new book The Next Day, which reflects on motherhood, grief, philanthropy, and life after divorce. Gates is the former co-chair of the Gates Foundation and founder of Pivotal Ventures, which focuses on advancing women and families. And John Powers reviews the new TV series, Your Friends and Neighbors starring John Ham that's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsors Shopify. No idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a Garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney Plus. Follow Cassie and or as he embarks on a path from a Rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity Season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Terry Gross has our first interview and she started It like this, live around the world from the corner of Sunset and Goer in Los Angeles. It's everybody's live with John. And now here's your John. That's my guest actor Richard Kind in his current role on the Netflix show. Everybody's live with John Mullaney as the announcer and mullaney sidekick. He does sketches too. The show conforms to the late night format in the sense that there's an opening monologue, but then it becomes a panel discussion on a specific subject like funerals, loaning people money and getting fired with guests like Pete Davidson, Michael Keaton, Fred Armerson, bill Hader, Henry Winkler, John Waters, and Wanda Sykes.


Everybody's live is live on Netflix Wednesday nights and streams After that, Richard Kind has been in hundreds of movies and TV shows in the series, Only Murders in the Building. He was the neighbor, Vince Fish, AKA stink Eye, Joe with a highly contagious case of Pink Eye in the animated film. Inside Out, he was the voice of the imaginary friend Bing Bong in the Cohen Brothers film, A serious man. He was the deeply troubled brother. Earlier in his career, he co-starred in the series Mad About You, and was a cast member of the Carol Burnett Show, Carol and Company. His youthful ambition was to be in a Steven Sondheim musical. He's been in two.


He starred in a production of, a funny thing happened on the way to the Forum at the Steven Sondheim Center for the Performing Arts. And in the musical Bounce, he originated the role of Addison Meisner and got to work with Sondheim Kind, was in the Michael J. Fox series, Spin City in Kirby Enthusiasm. He was Larry David's cousin Andy, and I think he still angry that a recent series he co-starred in East New York was canceled after one season. Angry because he thought it was really good. Let's start with a clip from the latest episode of Everybody's Live with John Mullaney. Mullaney Explains that kind got hit on the head with a Kiss album, which left him with a traumatic brain injury.


And now he thinks he's Gene Simmons. He's dressed like Simmons. His hair is like Simmons. And he talks like Simmons too. After he says something vulgar to Malaney, Malaney starts to apologize to the audience. Okay, so normally I'd apologize for such a crack comment. I crave ideas and when an idea hits me, it grips me and it torches me until I master. Geez. Listen, gene, I know you think you're Gene Simmons man, but Richard, if you're in there somewhere, please just give me a sign.


I didn't expect you to greet me with open arms, but I did expect open legs. Alright, Richard, Kind, welcome to Fresh Air. I have to ask you, 'cause this question is as much about me as it is about you. Yes. So when I interviewed Gene Simmons many years ago, he said to me, if you wanna welcome me with open arms, you'll also have to welcome me with Open Legs. I don't know anything about Gene Simmons. My reference about Gene Simmons is kiss seeing him with makeup. And then John sent me the very contentious interview you had with him.


Oh, okay. So I said, oh, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to be that contentious. Very, very, I don't wanna say stoic, but he was not even somber, but he was still, and he just talks these awful things. He was awful to you. He was terrible. And you're, I I'm Glad I got a lot of mileage out of that though. Did you? Okay. Well, a lot of Times yeah. I got a lot of attention. Oh, Good, Good. Yeah. Insulting me was actually doing me a favor. Evidently don't, don't expect it from me. I'm not that good. No. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So everybody's live, your new late night talk show is adapted from last year's Netflix series. Everybody's in la How did Melani describe it to you when he asked you to be his sidekick?


Yeah. He, he didn't, now I've gotta say this about that show. We were supposed to do six last May Friday and then Monday through Friday. And he said, even if we get moon landing ratings, were not doing anymore. So you can imagine my surprise when I read he's doing 12 more. It didn't even say whether or not I was coming back. Then when I spoke to him, I said, listen John, you don't have to ask me to, to do it. You know, it was six and out. And he goes, I, I go, I won't be insulted. He goes, I'd be very insulted. But he didn't even call me. And then, oh my gosh, then I find out we're doing 12.


This is not what I was born to do. It was a, it was a lark when I did the first six. It was fun. Oh my gosh. Now it's a job. Now it's, I I better be good. We're on live all over the world on Netflix, all over the world. What if I say something that's so unfunny or God forbid, something I would regret saying I can't take it back. It's, it's Because it's live. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Good's. Part of fun. Somebody asked, is somebody asked, is this the largest audience you've ever played to? I said, yes. The world is the largest audience I've ever played to. Yeah. So You're an actor. Yeah.


And you've been in so many things, but you're not a big celebrity. Like everybody's seen you in at least one thing. So many people know who you are, but you're not famous in the way that your good friend George Clooney is famous. That is correct. I And you said you like it that way. I didn't know I would like it that way because I, my brain much less my career has gone through different permutations over the years. When I was a kid, you know, a kid lies in bed and dreams of being center fielder for the Yankees or you know, being an astronaut, being a rock star. I wanted to be a movie star. I wanted to be up in, you know, in, in on the big screen.


The funny thing is, when I was angry at my parents, I wasn't going to write them a note that I'm running away. I was gonna make a film and show it in the theater. That's, that's how I was going to tell them I'm running away. What? A film, film about them. Yeah. And go, I'll show you. I'm gonna go make it big. And you'll see, you'll see you'll be sorry that you didn't let me go see that movie. And that's what I thought about. So I, you know, it was on, that's what it was. And I had a dream. My grandparents used to take me to Broadway. 'cause they lived in New York. We lived near, we lived in Pennsylvania in Bucks County. And so I would come where I was from. My joke is you either went to the spectrum to see the Rolling Stones, or you went to Madison Square Garden.


I went to Madison Square Garden. All my friends went to the Spectrum and still live in Philly. I went to New York. 'cause that's what I knew my grandparents showed me, the city, and I wanted to be Zero Mostel, zero Mostel and, and Robert Preston. That's who I wanted to be. Oh, well, you got to be Zero Mostel. You've been I did. I I've even had Be a, in his role in, in two shows. And a funny thing happened on the way to the Forum. I did. And I did. And The producers Listen, your intro was really good because you pointed out things I'm very proud of. Okay. A lot of people just look at the IMDB page and, and you know, like, like, and give some little credit of a movie that I don't even remember doing.


But I liked what you mentioned. You know, I, I, the thing is when you look me up, you see a lot of the movies and TV shows. But like, I did an opera at New York City Opera. I wanna play a clip from the series Girls Five Ever about a girl group that You really did your work. Yeah, that's a good one. And and th this clip seems almost like a self parody. So the the girl group that, that Dawn, the Sarah Ellis character is in, has a show at Radio City Music Hall, but they're having trouble selling tickets. So she's running around the streets of Manhattan looking for a famous person for the show who could help.


And she sees a, a film or a TV show is being shot and notices you at the crafts table. Here's the clip. Oh, oh wait, wait, here's somebody. Right. Where do I know you from everything. I got an IMDB page longer than a Wizard's beard. You're Richard Kind. Oh, you're bing bong. Like whatcha doing tomorrow. Why My girl group booked Radio City? Because we're making our big comeback and we haven't sold any tickets because of a variety of reasons. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You got a list of problems longer than a wizard speech. And I said that already. What else is long? CVS receipt CVS receipt. That's funny. Pretend I said that. Can you do something at our show? I can really use someone who can move the needle.


No, no, No, no, no, no. I'm not a needle. And that's by design. I've spent the past 40 years striking the perfect balance between constantly working and never getting bugged in a deli. And another thing, Why would you say and another thing, and then take a big bite. I miss timed it. You overshot never chased the big time. The big time is bad news. That's when the fighting starts. People get desperate, friends turn on each other. What you want is the medium time never above number five on the call sheet of life. That's happiness. Look at me. I work every day of my life doing what I love.


Well, not today. Today I had a doctor's appointment, I'm fine. And then I walk by here, I see the spread, I put some tissue in my collar and I pretend like I'm working here. What is this? Anyway, euphoria and I guess on this show, eh, it doesn't matter. The important thing is, God, I don't have time for this. Oh my gosh. That conversation was longer than a CBS receipt. That's funny. I just made that up. That's a great scene. I love that scene. It's a great scene. Was that Supposed to be a parody of you? Sure. And it was. And it's hilarious. And I'm mortified. You know, it's, Yeah, But it's, it's hilarious.


It is a, a parody. I I say yes to a lot of things. I'm in so many things. You know, I'll go back to the question you asked because you, because you address George, who was my dear friend, is George Floyd. And remember, I, I came up in the business with him and my joke was, is that at the time that we worked together, I was the handsome one. And then our careers went a different way. So he can't go out. Like, I can go out, he can't even go to a bar the way that I can go to a bar. He's gonna get, he's gonna get bothered.


You get tired of that and you realize, dare I say it, you don't deserve it. You're a, a little bit of a fraud. You know? Is, is that how you feel? That you're a little bit of a fraud? Oh, every day I feel like a fraud. Every single day. I, I'm waiting for the, the world to say I'm not that talented. I don't have that. I'm not that good every day. I wake up like that every day. But a flip side of that, a friend of mine said, I may not always be great anymore, but I think I'm good enough to never stink. You know what I mean? I'm not gonna be bad. I'll be fine.


There are, there are parts that I hope I'm great in. And I always yearn not just to be great, but to be better than everybody else in a scene. I want to be great. But if you're playing tennis with a better tennis player, it's just not gonna happen. So there were some times when I say, you know what? You're not gonna win an Academy Award for this role. Just do it correctly. Don't try and stand out. Don't try and steal. Just do it. Just, just do the part. And that's a very different way to come to set. We're Listening to Terry's interview with Richard Kind. He's currently in the Netflix series. Everybody's live with John Mullaney as Mullaney sidekick.


We'll hear more of their conversation after a break. I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air Weekend


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency. I'm indebted to Almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service listen to Do line. Wherever you get your podcasts


At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, From a quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To The labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you gets your podcasts.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together over on the NPR Politics podcast.


So you had a significant role in a film. I really love a serious man that was made by the Cone Brothers. And Michael Stool Bark plays a man whose wife is leaving him. He is, he might be losing his teaching job. A student is kind of blackmailing him. His whole life is falling apart. And he is also wrestling with the concept of God. And with his Judaism, you play his brother, you're a gambler, you're broke, you have a sebaceous cyst. That's become a big problem. You're in misery. And it's, it's a kind of modern day version of the Book of Job. At least that's how I think of it. And I'm wondering if you thought of it that way and if you read or reread the Book of Job to do the role and if people talked about it on the set.


Not at all. I'm glad I asked. I had a teacher who said, every answer you need is in the script. Just read the script. You don't have to do any research. Certainly the Book of Job wouldn't have done anything. I didn't think that was telling the Book of Job. I thought I was talking about this guy named Arthur Gopnik and these were his circumstances. And you play pretend if it meshes into what you think is the book of job and you interpret all of that, God bless you. But no, no, no. I, that's not what I did at all.


I just played the scene. What, what are my circumstances? How do I feel? And you, you just play. Pretend that's what it is. What was a Cohen Brothers approach to directing you from your point of view as an actor? What was it like to work with them? They're great. I I love them. You were always at the height of your game. I was surprised at how word perfect they liked their script, but they should, 'cause they're great writers. Sometimes Joel would take a, a, a, a physical position that sort of told me everything about what he wanted in the scene, the scene where the police are at the door, he sat down in a chair and he leaned back.


And Joel is a long lanky man. And his face almost looked five inches longer than it is. And that's what I saw in when I leaned back in the chair, dare I say, he almost looked like a horse when he was looking back. And that's what I saw The movie, A Serious Man is also about, you know, like struggling with your faith. Yes. 'cause the Michael Stu character has conversations with, with rabbis and he's kind of losing his faith because everything's going wrong in his life. Right. I know you were on Finding Your roots and you found out that some of your ancestors were religious leaders in the pale of settlement.


Right, right. And the pale of settlement was during the Russian Empire. It was a large area of what we now call Eastern Europe. That was basically the ghetto for Jews. Like Jews had to live within this expanse of land. And so, so many American Jews, their grandparents or ancestors lived in the pale of settlement. What did it do to your own faith or religious practice, if you had any? I I know you're born Jewish. I, I have no idea how observant you are, but what did it do to your level of observance to find out about people on your family tree? Being religious leaders?


I know what God is to me. I don't believe in a Jewish God. I believe in God. I believe there is a power. And I believe that he encompasses all religions. I believe that religion is just something that we go to, to make us feel better or to give us some sort of foundation. So because the world is so full of chaos and we can't really find ourselves, what I do believe is in my ancestors, and I believe that Judaism, that form of foundation must survive because these people gave their lives and they sacrificed and they believed, and in the Jewish religion and in a state of Israel, and let them have a foundation that they believe in called Judaism.


So it's very important that I know what my roots are and what my heritage is and to serve my heritage. Do you practice any, do you observe the holidays and, and the Sabbath and all that? Like how far do you Go? No, I, I I don't observe the Sabbath. What I do observe is the high Holy Days because that God, who I believe in and, and I live my life daily by I hope acting correctly to my fellow man, which is a form of prayer to me and a form of going to church or going to temple. Wow. I can't believe I just said going to church.


I believe that is my way of, of serving God. I believe I'm a good person and I try and do, I really do try and do unto others as I would myself. So I do go to Rosh Hashanah and I do go to Yum Kippur. And I am very observant about that. Part of it's karma. Part of it is, Hey, don't tilt the boat. You know, don't, don't, don't rock the boat right now, just keep going. And it's also the acknowledgement of my parents, my grandparents, and all those heritage. But I can't believe that my hair, the no how, my genetics have just dissipated over the years so that they started out as rabbis in the 16 hundreds.


And this is what we end up with me, which are kind, that's, that's horrible. But I do try and study as much as I can and read and try and be up on news and be as, as responsible a citizen as I can to serve those rabbis who were there at the time. What you're saying reminds me of something that you've told another interviewer, which is you said, I have a huge ego with no confidence. You wanna explain? Yeah. Being an actor, it, it's abnormal. It's, it's an, an anomaly. It's unnatural for a man to get up on a stage in front of people.


It's unnatural to be in front of a camera while 50 to a hundred people are behind the camera. And pretend that you're somebody else and just lay bare your emotions or pretend you're somebody else. It, it's, it's unnatural. You know how people are scared of getting attention and I'm waving my arms going, look at me, look at me, look at me. And yet with that, look at me, look at me, look at me comes a fear of what I said earlier. I'm a fraud. Am I good enough? I can't, I don't know whether or not what I'm doing. And I think any actor worth is salt would like to be better and give a better performance than what they gave there.


There's, oh my gosh, did I do it correctly? Should I do it again? I need affirmation all the time. It's why I like live theater. Even if it's a drama, I can feel the audience listening to me liking me. There's no bottom to the earn of love that I need. That is lack of confidence. And yet my ego says, go out and do it and do it, and do it louder than everybody else. It's who I am. I'm oversized in my voice. I'm loud in my opinions. When I'm opinionated, I'm really loud. And even my acting, my a funny line that my friend Craig Bierko said in, in, in a Toast once.


He goes, the astronauts were up in space and they saw two things. The Great Wall of China and every acting choice Richard Kind ever made. I, I love that line so much. It's, it's so funny. It's so funny. Is it how I chose to live my life? No, I, I wouldn't choose it, but it's what I'm saddled with. Do you tell jokes? I mean, you obviously have a great sense of humor, but do you actually tell Terry joke jokes? Nobody tells a joke better than I do. Oh, great. Do you wanna tell us one that you love? Sure. So this mother is making her teenage son's bed and she's tucking in the sheets and she reaches underneath and she pulls out a magazine of bondage of like handcuffs and, and whips.


And she goes, oh my God. So the husband comes home, she goes, honey, honey, honey, look what I found under Timmy's bed. He goes, oh my God. She goes, what are we gonna do? He goes, well, we're certainly not gonna spank him. That's great. Oh, I got lots of them. Nobody tells a joke better than I do. Well, Richard Kind, thank you so much for talking with us. Oh, thank you Terry. It's, this was fun. I enjoyed it. You're you're great. You're great. Richard Kind is currently in the Netflix series. Everybody's live with John Mullaney and he spoke with Terry Gross in the new TV series, Your Friends and Neighbors, John Ham Stars as a rich hedge fund guy who loses his job and turns to crime to pay for his exceedingly high bills.


The show, which also stars Amanda Pete, has already been renewed for a second season by Apple tv Plus our critic at large, John Powers calls it a sharply entertaining series that hearkens back to earlier portraits of suburban life, but gives things an UpToDate spin. In the decades after World War ii, America was flooded with novels, movies, and hot button studies pondering the nature of suburbia, its comfort and consumerism, its safety and soullessness. Nobody explored these themes any better than John Cheever, whose elegantly devastating stories captured suburban life. In both its sunlit splendor and shadowy desolation.


Take for instance, his famous 1956 story, the house breaker of Shady Hill. Its hero Johnny ha loses his prosperous job and needing dough begins robbing his friend's houses. You could have 2025 riff on that same idea in the new Apple TV plus series, Your Friends and neighbors created by Jonathan Trapper, who made his name with a series of novels in the Tom Perotta Nick Hornby vein. This comic drama stars John Ham as a hedge fund hotshot whose cushy suburban existence goes kerflooey. Yet the show isn't merely about the flamboyant crisis of a handsome, privileged guy, but about a culture in which wealth comes lined with rage and melancholy.


Ham plays our hero and narrator Andrew Cooper known as Cou, who gets canned for a sexual indiscretion and finds his career in ruins. He's already lost his family, which happened when he caught his wife Mel. That's Amanda. Pete in bed with one of his friends, an ex NBA player. Outwardly Coop pretends that nothing has happened. But internally he's changed where he once thought of his luxurious town of Westmont Village as paradise. He's now cynical about its values. He starts breaking into his friends' houses, stealing things like protect Philippe watches worth $250,000. And in the process discovering their secrets.


From there, the show expands outwards introducing many other characters such as Coop, sometime Lover Sam. That's Olivia Munn, who's caught in a nasty divorce. His money manager Barney, played by who? Lee, his wife's Dominican house cleaner. Elena played by Carrero and his musician Sister Ali. That's Tony Winter. Lena Hall, whom Coop has taken in after her breakdown. They all figure in a storyline, chockfull of betrayal, theft, infidelity and murder, juicy stuff. Not to mention Coop's, sardonic, voiceover mocking the country club fees and fetishized brands of scotch that define the suburban enclave.


He now disdains the show's emotional center is Coop's struggle to cope with his ex-wife and disaffected teenage children here. He's just dropped his son off after school when Mill rebukes him because this isn't one of the days he's supposed to see the kids. What are you doing here? Well, I took Hunter for some ice cream. That's Not Tuesday. So I've been told, is Tory here? She's not home yet. What? What? What is the look? I don't give you any Look. You are giving me the look that there's the look where you're trying not to gimme a look. So what's the problem?


I think it's a little tricky when you show up and day that it isn't you. I took him up for ice cream. My God, It's confusing for him. Boundaries are there for a reason. Boundaries, you mean like monogamy? Really cooped. It's been almost two years. When are you gonna stop playing that card? I don't know. What is the statute of limitations on adultery? You were even remotely self-aware. You'd realize these things don't happen in a vacuum and you could maybe take a little portion of responsibility for your side of It. Okay, I'm sorry, but you sleep with Nick. You kicked me out of this place. I'm forced to pay for this entire mess and I'm the one that's not being responsible. I'm not doing this right now. Oh, well, It's really no fun doing it alone. In recent years, we've grown used to shows in which alpha males like Coop, all but wear a tattoo that reads toxic masculinity.


I'm pleased that Trapper takes the show someplace subtler, juggling the truth that his hero can be at once, a wounded soul with whom one often identifies, and a self-centered man who oozes entitlement from his Princeton degree in Maserati to his discovery that the world's unfair only after it's been unfair to him. It's a perfect rule for Ham who carries with him our memories of Don Draper's dark soul charisma then takes this sort of character in a new direction, funnier, sadder, and more sympathetic. He's never been better, although his coop starts out as a self-described jerk. His character grows wiser and more self-aware as the episodes unfold.


Trouble is robbery is a risky business that requires expertise more than self-knowledge. As his fence loo warns him, nothing is so dangerous as somebody who doesn't know what they don't know. Watching your friends and neighbors, I found myself thinking that in some huge ways today's suburbs are undeniably better than they once were. They're less exclusively white, and the wives have fulfilling careers, but in other ways they feel worse. Trapper offers little of the tender lyricism that makes achievers suburbs so seductive. It's not just that Coop's world is more grossly materialistic than before with Rolls Royces and 40 grand bottles of wine.


But that it's denizens are far more cut off from one another. And from any sense of noble values in the house breaker of Shady Hill, Johnny Hagues steals $900 from a friend and spends the story feeling guilty and ashamed that he's become a thief in the far flashier. Your friends and neighbors Coop suffers little such remorse, not in the first six episodes anyway. Nor does the show judge him harshly for his thefts. He's got an expensive life to pay for after all. And besides his victims are just rich jerks like him. John Powers reviewed your friends and neighbors, which is now streaming on Apple TV Plus.


Coming up, Melinda French Gates talks about her new book The Next Day, which reflects on motherhood, grief, philanthropy, and Life after divorce. I'm Tanya Mosley, and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR


Keeping up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so you can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings. And on your way to that thing, listen to the NPR News Now podcast. Now,


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


Our next guest is Melinda French Gates. Five years ago, she stood at a crossroads after 27 years of marriage to Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates. She decided to walk away not only from the relationship that it defined much of her adult life, but eventually from the philanthropic empire they built together. Last spring, Melinda left the Gates Foundation, the organization that had become the heartbeat of her professional identity. In her new book The Next Day, transitions Change And Moving Forward Gates reflects on these seismic shifts, not just the end of her marriage or the reinvention of her public life, but the deeply personal evolution that came with those transitions.


She takes us inside the moments that have defined her becoming a mother, grieving the loss of one of her best friends, and grappling with the hard earned lessons of philanthropy. Melinda French Gates is the co-founder and former co-chair of the Gates Foundation, the world's largest private charitable organization. She's also the founder of Pivotal Ventures, which focuses on social progress for women and families in the United States. Melinda French Gates, welcome to Fresh Air. Thanks for having me, Tanya. Melinda, I, I wanna talk for a moment about your philanthropic work because we all have been hearing about the ripple effects of the Trump administration's funding cuts.


And I, I know that philanthropy is such a tightly interwoven web that often works in collaboration with the government to fund initiatives. How are these cuts affecting the work that you do? Well, the cuts of things like U-S-A-I-D are absolutely devastating for families all over the world. I mean, let's be honest, women will not have access to maternal health services because of these cuts. Everything you know, that philanthropy does is we try and find catalytic wedges and ways to work. We take risk where a government can't with taxpayer money and shouldn't.


But then once we know something works, it's really up to government to scale it up. So to see that women won't have health services or there'll be more cases of malaria next year, I, I, it's just, it's almost unimaginable to me, especially given that, you know, both Republican and democratic administrations really relied on U-S-A-I-D and not only saw the good work that it was doing, but started to scale it up even more. It's why we actually have less death and disease in the world. So it, it just makes no sense to me. How are you thinking about where to focus your energy? I know that over the last few years with Pivotal Ventures, you've really been focusing on women's health and reproductive rights.


And so this has to have an impact on the ways that you all are able to, to make impact. To know right now in the United States that my two beautiful little granddaughters will have fewer rights than I had growing up. That just doesn't make any sense to me. And so in some ways it makes my work all the more pressing and I'm still doing what I have been doing. I'm putting more money though now into women's health. I made a billion dollar commitment when I came out of the foundation that through Pivotal Ventures, we would try and really work on some of these places where organizations, for instance, in the United States had been playing defense in terms of women's issues to help put them on the offense.


But also we announced 250 million of that is for Women's Health Fund. And we're taking proposals from all over the world to figure out what are ways that we can really advance women's health across the world. Is it a chaotic line of work in this moment because you're dealing with new information that's coming out, laws that are passed, changes, cuts, all of these things put so much of your work in flux. You know, where it's the most chaotic and devastating is when you go out on the ground. So I was down in Louisiana about a month ago, and to hear that doctors don't even know which services they can provide women, you know, what can they counsel on, what can they not counsel on women who are very concerned about their health saying, I can't have another baby, but you know, where am I going to get birth control or Wow, I show up at the system and the bias in the system.


They're not even listening to what I know about my own body. So to think that we are doing things from the highest level right now in the United States that are making things worse on the ground for moms and babies, it just, it, it, it it's, it's almost incomprehensible. I mean, to have a child, two children now die of measles, measles in the United States. Wow. When that is completely preventable. Do you know how devastating that is for those families? That's where the chaos is and that's where the saddest part of what's going on is happening.


One of the things that is very clear in this book is it's a reminder that really no amount of wealth can really protect us from the human experiences of grief and divorce. And I'm sure you often encounter people who treat you like your money shields you from those life's hardships. I've just always wondered, how do you navigate that tension of what to share and what to withhold knowing that someone like you is viewed that way? Well, I think we all want authentic real connection with other human beings, right? And we can't, you know, we can't really know more than, I don't know.


They say maybe a hundred people, a hundred, some people say 150, but you know, I know who my closest family and friends are. I treasure them, they treasure me. I know who's kind of in my next ring and my ring beyond that. But I do want audiences to see that, you know, great wealth does not shield you. I have an absurd amount of wealth and I'm doing my very best to give it away in the way that I think can benefit society from my lens on society. But what I want people to know is that I'm a human being and they may put a label on me, but that label doesn't really define who I am. I know who I am. And so by being my authentic self, I hope they can see, okay, she's gone through struggles and hardship too, but come out the other side.


And so maybe I can as well. You grew up in a middle class family in Dallas, Texas. Your dad, what a role model for you. He was an aerospace engineer. Your mom stayed home to care for you and your siblings. Your father really had an influence on your career aspirations. You write about how this wasn't just conceptual. You all would get to see and hear conversations about his work through visitors who would come to your house. What memory sticks out to you the most? Well, one of my dad would often talk at the dinner table about how his teams, he was working on the Apollo mission and how his teams were better when they had females on them, female mathematicians.


And so as the teams would change and be reconstructed, he was always trying to get women onto his team. And so for me, this played out because we would go in the summer to the company picnics and my dad would make sure my sister and I met those women. So we met not only the men on his teams, but we met the women. And I could see, literally see women in these roles, smart women that I admired and who I could talk to. And I would say, oh, okay, I guess my dad's right here. And so that played out for me as an influence of, oh, I could be like her if I wanted to be. And that was having that role model, having both a father who believed in me and parents who were both determined that their children would all go to college and that they would take on the debt, which was, you know, a huge gift to us as siblings.


But then to have these role models specifically in front of my eyes, that really had a huge influence on me. Your father, he showed you all role models of course, but he also, he really invested in your, you and your sister's dreams in a way that, I mean, it, it really is somewhat novel for that timeframe in the sixties and seventies. What do you think was different about your dad and his outlook on, on what women do and what they could do? I think, again, because he, he had lived experience, he could see that, okay, this engineering project, like putting a man on the moon that is audacious and he was a piece of it, right?


But this, see that his teens literally were better because these women were on, that he had a lived experience to say, this could be great for my daughters and for society. And my dad wasn't afraid to speak up. He encouraged us to speak up even when he didn't necessarily agree with him. But he also believed in us. And I think that I cannot stress enough, the importance of father's imprint makes on a daughter like my dad, literally, I, we were walking as a family, we would often go out to lunch on a Sunday and then take a walk and we were literally walking by this new IBM building at this sort of beautiful office park.


And my dad, as we walked by, literally said, Melinda, you should put your resume up on that door. You should tape it up on the door. And I said, dad, what are you talking about? He said, they would be silly not to hire you. And he could see in me and my sister what I couldn't see myself, which was, okay, you're, you're in college, you're getting a computer science degree, there aren't very many of you, and so they should want to hire you. And guess what? He was right. I eventually did get hired by IBM, Your mom never got to go to college, but she wanted to. She did. And her parents just, she grew up in a day and age where her parents had two girls and they just didn't see the need for her to go to college.


She certainly could have gone and, you know, and she ended up regretting that she took some college classes later. My mom is plenty smart. And later my parents start a family real estate business. And my mom is the one, I mean, they're both running it at night, but it's my mom running it during the day and making sure all the pieces come together of all the various properties they have and tenants and laws and all of that. So, but she and my dad were determined that both their two girls and their two boys would go through college. 'cause they just thought it really was a ticket in life to go where you wanted. One of the things that you really admired about your mom, of course, is that she was a great mother, but she, through example, taught you also how to be a great mother.


So you have these two big examples in your life of how to be as you move through the world. But one of the best pieces advice you write that your mother gave you was to set your own agenda or someone else will do it for you. And I was wondering, what is a time when you had to really put that advice to the test? Well, I'll say, when I was working at the foundation, you know, I started to see through all my travels the difference that when a woman could space the bursts of her children, it made an enormous difference in the children's health and being able to go to school and then ultimately the wealth of the family.


And yet I would meet so many women around the world who knew about contraceptives but didn't have access. And I, and as I started To learn and study about it and think, is this the right thing for us to do as a foundation? I learned the history of contraceptives and when women had had them and under what circumstances and when they hadn't. And I realized we needed to do something about this as a foundation. So I decided on the global stage, I'm going to set the agenda because for whatever reason, this has fallen off the global health agenda and yet it's vital for women and for babies. We were losing, we still are too many moms in childbirth because their babies were coming too close and too often, particularly in these low income countries.


And then the babies were dying as well. It's really interesting in this moment that what was seen as a soft issue is now almost the opposite of that. You're fighting against many headwinds as divestment in women's issues is really like at the center of government funding cuts and lots of other cuts and laws. Yes. And I always say, you know, what is it that we value as society? Don't we value our children and our babies? If you value our children and our babies don't, their mothers need to be healthy. We know a mom is healthier when she can space the births of her children.


So to me it's that, you know, we are getting some of our values misaligned right now, and they aren't the values that I hold dear. And I don't think they're the values that most families hold dear to me. We need to really think about our value and values and align our government funding with those values. And we seem to be headed in the wrong direction in my point of view on those issues. Right now, Speaking of values, earlier when you said you've been trying your best to give your money away, I chuckled at that, but I only chuckled Because it, it just sounds funny, you know, but I, when you're a billionaire, right, you can't really ever give all your money away.


And just a few days ago, Abigail Disney, she's the granddaughter of Walt Disney, she said in an interview that anyone who can't live off of 999 million is a sociopath. And of course I thought about you because you've been saying this in not so many words for a really long time, that it's important to give your wealth away, that you could never really spend it in your lifetime, you or your family. But here's a question you've been trying to convince other billionaires to give away the majority of their wealth for many years now. And I always wanted to know how successful has that been?


Well, it's interesting, it's, you know, when we started out with the Giving Pledge, whi, which was Warren Buffett's big idea that for society it was right that if you had earned a billion dollars, which I completely agree you, if you have a billion dollars, you have an absurd amount of wealth. And so you should give, give at least half of it back to society because you have benefited from society, you've benefited from those laws or those roads or the people that helped you along the way to get that scholarship into the college you wanted to go to. You have benefited from that society. And so we set out to role model for society with the Giving Pledge founded by Warren Buffet, my ex-husband, bill Gates and myself, to say, if you're of this level of wealth, join us and commit to giving half away.


I don't, neither of us, none of the three of us would've thought that we would have, you know, over 240 families now that are part of the Giving Pledge. And we have not just first generation givers, but now we have second and some third generation givers. And so they're also in countries. I think it's over 30 countries now from around the world. So we just didn't expect that it would grow that large. And I will tell you, there are ripple effects and knock on fence where they are also convincing others, even others who aren't of as substantial means. Right? And what I always say to people is, no matter who you are, the nuns in, in my high school taught us this as girls, you have something to give back.


You know, they sent us out in society to volunteer our time. My only point is we all have things to give back our time, our energy, our intellect, and or our money. And I think that we should all look for ways to do that. And guess what the funny thing is? You also benefit from it. It's just an unbelievable kind of side benefit. Melinda, I really appreciate your time in this book. Thank you so much. Thanks for having me. Tanya. Melinda Fri Gates's new book is The Next Day Transitions Change and Moving Forward.


Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden, fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our managing producer is Sam Brier, our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Roberta Schrock, Ann Annemarie Baldonado, Lauren k Crile, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Nadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CB Nesper with Terry Gross. I'm Tanya Mosley.


On this week's Wild Card podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his show's Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet Crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation.


Do you remember when discovering a new artist felt like finding buried treasure at all songs considered NPRs Music Recommendation podcast. We put that kind of magic back into discovering new tracks. We're here to make the hunt for new music easy delivering you the cream of the crop from every genre. We'll help you make music feel fun again, only on all songs considered from NPR.