
This message comes from NPR sponsor Ri, A new perspective on performance apparel. Check out the latest dream knit collection by visiting ri.com/npr For 20% off your first purchase exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions


From WHYY in Philadelphia. I'm m Tanya Moseley with Fresh Air weekend. Today Grammy winning producer, singer, songwriter, and rapper, Pharrell Williams on his life, told through Legos in his new animated biopic Piece by Piece. The film traces Pharrell's Life in Virginia Beach, fueled by the creativity and music around him and his collaborations with artists like Jay-Z, Snoop Dogg, Gwynn Stefani and Beyonce. It also explores his journey with synesthesia, a condition that causes him to see color when he hears music. We'll also hear from Ri Keo, Elvis's granddaughter and Lisa Marie Presley's daughter.


She talks with me about the memoir she co-authored with her late mother, who Before her unexpected death, chronicled her childhood, her marriage to Michael Jackson, and memories of her father Elvis. That's coming up on Fresh Air weekend


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Lincoln Financial. The questions around retirements have gotten tiring. Instead of have you saved up enough? Shouldn't they be asking, what is it that you love to do and how can we help you keep doing it? The truth is you're not slowing down. So Lincoln Financial believes your retirement plan should be more of an action plan, a hiking plan, a music plan, a sailing plan. The point is, whatever you are passionate about, Lincoln Financial can help. Make sure you never stop. At Lincoln Financial, they have the products to help protect and grow your financial future so you can keep doing more of what you love. Make your past times last a lifetime@lincolnfinancial.com slash action plan, Lincoln Financial marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation. Its insurance companies and broker dealer affiliate, Lincoln Financial Distributors Inc. Copyright 2024 Lincoln National Corporation.


This message comes from Apple Card. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high-yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Tanya Moseley. Quiet On the set. Keith Rell. Hey, how you doing man? You know it'd be cool as if we told my story with Lego pieces. Seriously? Yes. Lego. Just be open. Yes, Lego. That's a scene from Piece by Piece. A new biopic about the life of music producer and Multihyphenate artist Pharrell. But to call it a biopic almost feels too simple. Like so much of Pharrell's music, the film is a mix of genres. It's a musical, it's a documentary and it's a Lego animation all in one. It pieces together Pharrell's life growing up in Virginia Beach and the lows and highs of his ascension within the music and fashion industry.


And did I mention the music? The film gives us a behind the scenes look at the making of some of Pharrell's top hits that he's produced, both for himself and a long list of performers. It might seem crazy. So Hurts. So check 2, 3, 4, check.


1, 2, 3, check two, check, check one. A hustler. Hustler. I just want you to know I'm who Away.


Don't This, all the girls like this ain't not My life. Has to fight life hard times.


Like Nazareth, I'm you fucked up. But if God got us, we be be be. We gonna be gonna be alright. Be alright. Academy Award-winning filmmaker Morgan Neville. Directed Piece by Piece with interviews from music industry, heavy hitters like Snoop Dogg, Jay-Z, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Kendrick Lamar, and his partner from the Neptunes, Chad Hugo. There's even a cameo of the late astronomer, Carl Sagan. And everyone of course is Allego Pharrell Williams.


Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. Your voice is amazing. The film is so cinematic and I. Never thought I'd say that about Allego film, but it is cinematic. Why Lego? Oh, because when I was a child, you know, my fondest memories of like having toys and my earliest memories were the Lego sets that like my parents would get me when I was really, really, really young. The idea that you get to like escape when you don't even know that you're escaping because you're just literally ideating and imagining in real time as you build with these pieces. And whether you actually, whether you actually really build what the set is all about or you're just putting pieces together, like what it does for the young mind and how it sets it free is just magical.


And at the same time, I really also wanted, like if I'm gonna tell my story, which I was never really interested in doing, if I'm gonna do it, I want to do it in a way that like my children, which were our old, we have our oldest and then our triplets were just being, they had just been born. So four young kids and like how old were they at the time of this idea? 'cause this was five, six years ago, right? Yeah. At that point our oldest may have been eight or nine, and then our, our babies had just been born and so they're now seven. And my whole thing was like, I didn't know how long the animation process was gonna take, but I definitely wanted them to understand the story as their dad would tell it.


Yeah. I wanted them to be able to get it. You know, if you, you tell it through the guise of Lego, it's like, okay, they understand it's like a world, right. You know The process though. 'cause like you said, it took five years because of the animation process to turn what was your life into a Lego movie. And one of the things that Neville did in this film was visualize your ability to hear colors and see sound. Yeah. You talk about this often synesthesia, which is a neurological mixing of senses in the film. What's so cool is that when you make music, the colors correspond with it. And then you give the piece of music as a musical note to the artist and it's a beautiful color.


You see seven colors, right? That denote notes. Can you explain that to us? If you take it back to when you were born, all of your nerve endings, sight, sound, smell, taste, feeling, they were all connected. And then when you turn one, those nerve endings, they prune. And sometimes some of them stay connected and the ones that stay connected give you synesthesia. And when they're connected, they send ghost images and ghost information to the different parts of the brain. And so you'll end up hearing a color.


Yeah. Or seeing a sound. Yes. Right? But there's all kinds. Yep. And when you go and do the research, you realize a lot of like, you know, there are gr they're emmic stet too. And those are the people who like can recite, you know, 26 digit numbers because they see the two as slightly tilted and they see the four As in Burgundy and they see, you know, and so it, it gives them this information and it's, it it, you know, it's great for them. And what's amazing is a lot of musicians do Tons of them. Have You worked with any of them? Because I was reading that Stevie Wonder might even have a form of synesthesia and that makes sense because so much of his music he is describing, he is describing color.


There is just like a, a really beautiful sense of that within the music. What I find fascinating is like, man, if he's never seen red before Yeah. Then how does he know what red is? Right. How do we know that he's not seeing orange? Yep. But he thinks it's red and there's no way to really verify that. Like, but he is seeing red. I mean he's a genius man. I don't know. I was just saying is you can go down a rabbit hole with synesthesia but not Have you and yeah. Have you and an artist ever vibed over that and Yeah. 'cause we all see different things. It utilizes the Roy G bib, but it's not based on the Roy g BIB's arrangement. Mm. What do you mean? Meaning, you know, certain people hear chords and they don't necessarily picture the same colors.


Everybody's, it's very unique. I wanna play the experience a song just to give us like a better understanding of how your process works. So I chose milkshake, which I heard in a commercial recently. I mean, we are here, time has really gone by. Right? The milkshake is in a commercial. But milkshake was a 2003 song performed by Kise and written produced by you and Chad Hugo as the Neptunes. Let's listen to a little, My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and their life is better than yours. Damn right. It's better than yours. I could teach you, but I have to Charge, put, go crazy for, I think That was Kise performing milkshake written and produced by My guest today.


Pharrell. Okay. What does milkshake look like to you? Pharrell? It is like, the shapes are hard for for me to explain, but it sort of zigzags. And those synth lines are yellow and brown for me. Mm. And the yellow is, goes from bright to mustard, mery gold. And then there's like just like very stark brown. What I've always found really interesting about your music, it feels like environmental, like I'm hearing like just sounds that I hear in my everyday life. And that one in particular, like there are the bells and like buzzing sounds and things like that.


Yeah. That song came from a trip that I went to in Brazil and I just like lost my mind. I've never seen so many beautiful women all in, they were just everywhere. And forgive the, the objectification when I say that. Yeah. But that was the impression that it made on my mind at that time. I don't know, I don't, 20 years ago, I don't know. Right, right. I was, you know, I was a kid. Kid. Yeah. Really? You're just like, whoa, I'd never seen anything like that. Where am I? And if you could put that energy and feeling, if that could be sort of trans mutated, if you will, Into a Song and Yeah, that was the attempt.


One of the things that the film does is give us a grounding of, of you as a young person coming into yourself. And synesthesia is a condition that you don't know any other way because that's how you've always been. But when did you realize that others may not see the world the way that you do? Oh. When you talk about it in a conversation and they kind of be like, what? What'd you say? What colors? Let's take a short break if you're just joining us. My guest today is Pharrell. We're talking about his new animated biopic Piece by Piece. We'll continue our conversation after Short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air weekend


Support for NPR. And the following message come from IXL learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


Support for NPR. And the following message come from IXL learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Granger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And today my guest is Multihyphenate artist and music producer Pharrell. We're talking about his new animated biopic Piece by Piece, which is about his life growing up in Virginia Beach and his career in the music industry. Creating hits like drop it like it's hot, get lucky. And the phenomenon that was happy. The film is done entirely using Lego animation. I wanna talk with you a little bit about working with artists. 'cause there's this story of you and Snoop Dogg working together that's told in the film and you all collaborated on the 2004 hit. Drop it like it's hot. Let's listen.


When the pimps in the crib, ma drop it like it's hot, hard. Drop it like it's hot, drop it like it's hot on the pigs. Try to get at you. Park it like it's hot, hard park it like it's hot, hard park it like it's hot. Get a attitude, pop it like it's hot, hard. Pop it like it's hot. Pop it like it's hot. I got the roll. I'm pour and I best because I got it going home. I'm a nice dude with some nice dreams. See these ice cubes? See these ice cream ice creams eligible bachelor million dollar boat that's whiter than West spilling down your throat. The phantom exterior electric eggs, the interior, like suicide. I can exercise you. This could be your cheat on your man.


That's how you get it. His killer with the B, That's Snoop Dogg drop it like it's hot. Which was produced by My guest today. Pharrell and Pharrell. Snoop Dogg said in the movie that I wanna get this right, that you were the first to allow us the public to see the smile in him. and I thought that was so tender and it made me think, are you really responsible for Snoop Dogg becoming America's uncle? Because you know, after that song he did become this force that, you know, we now see him beyond like that persona as the hard West Coast rapper. Do you understand what he meant when he says that? Like you allowed us to see the smile in him through that song.


You know, when he says all those really nice things, I'm always just always taken aback by it. and I don't know if I really get what he implies, but I'm honored that he associates me with those types of reflections. Well what did you see in him for that song? 'cause that song is light. It does provide like, you know, it's got the groove, but it also has like a lightness to it. Mm. Wow. It's interesting that you see drop a light as hot as like a light, the lightness and I. I guess I never really looked at it that way. I mean, at the time I just knew the traumas was hitting hard and it felt good.


I don't know if I had ever really given any, any kind of emotive analysis of it. Hmm. But I guess you're right. It's not dark like you're right. I I that's true. I never saw it that way until you said it. You have this ability to capture the essence of, of an artist. There's times though, when artists don't want what you're giving. You said so nicely in the film. I wrote this song for Prince and he didn't want it. It ended up being a hit for you. But what's the story behind that of you writing a song for Prince and he not accepting it? Well, he was different. You know, he had, there, there was, you know, he was one of those people that like, he's a musical savant.


It's not an instrument he couldn't pick up and play. He's a brilliant writer. He's vocally, he's incredible. He was an incredible performer and he wrote and produced for so many people. So in his mind it is like, you know, it is caveats buddy. I know, I know. And one of which was like, do you own all your masters? If you don't own your masters, we can't work together. I was like, whoa. Was he one of the first to say that to you? Had you heard that before? No, I never heard anyone say that before. Then his other thing was he wanted to like sort of talk about religion. Hmm. and I was like interesting.


And you know, now I do own all of my master recordings and, and I'd be happy to square off in a conversation about the business of religion versus the necessity of faith At that time. It felt Was it over your head? No, I just was young and was like, for real. Oh, okay. Whatever. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Not knowing that we, he wasn't gonna be here that long, you know? Mm. What year was this? I, I wasn't, I was incredibly respectful. I mean, like, he was the goat then. He still is. You know what I'm saying? I, I don't know. This might have been like the, the early two thousands.


The song was fronting, right? Yeah. But that was just the music for it. Okay. At the time. Yeah. I was wondering a little bit, I wanted to talk to you for a minute about your singing voice. Like, how did you find your singing voice? Because up until the moment when you decided to become like this solo artist with your own music, you were making beats for other people. And did you always know that you were a falsetto? Like how did you find that voice? I had a problem with my voice for many, many, many years because I, I, that was just it. I didn't feel like I had found my voice. I always thought that my tone sounded like Mickey Mouse, the next time you listen to front picture Mickey Mouse, you can't unsee it.


Stop. I swear that's one now that's just my tone. Then there is skillset. Yeah. Not being flat. I definitely didn't use any kind of tuning back then, so I was flat all over the pace sounding like a hot vermin, just sounding crazy. And my standard is super high. Yes. Remember I told you that's the reason why I didn't wanna do a documentary as my standard is how I work with great singers. I work with Beyonce before I work with Rihanna. I work with like people who really can sing. I work with Shakira, I work with Kim Burrell. Yeah. I I've worked with singers, I work with the Clark sisters. I know what like singing really, really, really is the, the, the craft of singing is a real thing.


How Did you get over it then? If you felt like you sounded like Mickey Mouse? Because there was a part of you that wanted it. Like you wanted to be a solo artist, you wanted to be a star, you wanted to be successful, but That was ego. When I did front, I wanted to show that. Like, I was known for like, rapping and making beats at the time. and I was like, yo, I'm gonna go do this thing too. It was more of a flex. Well, Pharrell, this has been such a pleasure and I really thank you for your time. Thank you. Our guest today is Pharrell Williams. Here's his song Front And from 2003, Been looking at you sexy.


Don't wanna sound of myself a rule, but you ain't looking at no other dude because you I'm sorry baby. So sexy. So a chance you find yourself trying to do my dance because you, you, well, so then we tried slow fast, we touched fast. We and I there and I know that Pharrell Williams's new animated biopic is called Piece by Piece.


My next guest is Riley Keo, actress, producer and co-author of the new book. From here to the Great Unknown, which she co-authored with her mother, Lisa Marie Presley, who died in 2023 at the age of 54. A few years before she died, Lisa Marie, the only child of Elvis Presley, decided to write a memoir. This was a big deal because for most of her life, Presley lived in her father's shadow. And for years she'd tell people she thought her life wasn't interesting enough to fill a book. Well, after years of chronicling on her own, Presley asked her daughter Ri to help her finish what she had documented. A month later, Presley died and Ri made the decision to complete what her mother started by finishing the book.


It's titled From Here to The Great Unknown, a lyric from the song where no one stands alone. Featured on a 2018 compilation album of Lisa Marie singing duets with archival recordings of her father's favorite gospel songs.


Riley Keo joins me today to talk about her mother's memoir. As the book's co-author Keo gives the reader a broader scope into the family's intergenerational sorrows in a way that no other account of the Presley family has done. Keo is a model producer and award-winning actor who is starred in films like Mad Max Fury Road, Zola, and the mini series Daisy Jones in the six, she's the sole owner of Graceland and trustee of her mother, Lisa Marie Presley's Estate. Riley Keo, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. Thank you for having me. This book, Riley, it's mostly your mother's story in her own words, and it bounces back and forth between your mom's perspective and your perspective.


and I just wanna tell you that it is so beautifully done. Thank You. I appreciate it. This title, it comes from that stirring gospel song we just heard of your mom singing with a recording of her late Father Elvis. What meaning does that particular lyric from here to the great unknown hold for you? We were trying to figure out the title of the book and me and the publisher would go back and forth with different titles and, and he sent over from here to the Great Unknown. And, and at first I kind of was a little bit resistant to it because my mom was a little resistant to to singing that duet.


Did she share why? I think she always felt hesitant to do Elvis things. I, I, I don't know why. I think she just didn't, you know, she, she, she obviously loved her father, but I think that she was trying to have her own identity. So I think she often would get asked to do duets or cover Elvis songs and I think that she would kind of buck up against that. But then she ended up recording this song and had like a very emotional experience doing it, and she was really happy she did it, and it was very cathartic and it's a beautiful song. And the lyrics from here to the Great Unknown, I guess represented for me, like something I think about a lot, which is like, where did she go?


Where did they go? Where, where do people go when they pass away? And it's just something when you experience grief or a lot of grief that I think about a lot, or I consider You lost your mom in 2023, you lost your brother three years prior and you lived with a mother who held the grief of losing her father all of her life. And as you said, grappled with doing Elvis things, but also really had the task of holding the candle to his legacy, you know, being able, she was the main spokesperson for him and I keep using the term raw to describe to people the way your mother shared her life in this book.


and I get the sense that we're getting a glimpse of her personality because it feels like she was a straight shooter, she was very matter of fact, but she was also really vulnerable. Is that an accurate way to describe her? Definitely. I think that she was very complicated and it's hard to describe her. There were moments in the book where I was trying to, but it just, it never seemed defective. And it's because she was very complicated and she was very candid and honest and raw and, and tough and wild and rebellious. But she was also had a side to her that was very sort of childlike and naive as well.


And one of the most loving people I've ever met. But also I don't, I don't know if, if she could ever receive love, which was interesting. Your grandfather Elvis died when she was nine. It feels like we're transported to her 9-year-old self in the book because I can feel the stars in her eyes as she writes about the way her father doted on her. and I, I would love for you to read a passage that illustrates this, if you don't mind. Sure. 20 minutes before my dad was due to walk on stage in Las Vegas, my mom told him I'm leaving and he still had to go out and perform.


I was four when they split up, but I remained so close with my dad. I knew how much I was adored, how much he loved me. I knew that he knew that I hated, hated, hated leaving him. Hated, hated, hated going to my mother's new home in Los Angeles. Loathed it. He got a house there to be closer to me When I was in la. He'd call all hours of the night to talk to me or just to leave a message on my phone. I was taking piano lessons there at one point and he would wanna hear them, so my mother would put the phone on the piano so he could hear me playing.


I would do anything he wanted. I would sing, I would dance. He always wanted me to sing. I didn't love it, but I knew it made him happy so I did it. He wanted me to learn green sleeves on the piano, so I did. He could have said, chop both your feet off and I would've done it just to make him happy. Thank you for reading that. Ri your mom goes on to describe how she'd go back and forth between living at Graceland with your dad and extended family and her mother Priscilla, as she mentioned in Los Angeles. She doesn't say this, but after her father died, there's this feeling in the way she describes her life, like she's parentless like kind of unmoored, you know, with this yearning for parental figure.


Is that an accurate description? I think that she was so close with her father, like she was a daddy's girl and he was everything to her that the loss of him was so great. And I think that dictated the relationship she had with her mother. How would you describe her relationship with Priscilla? I was very complicated. Priscilla was a very young mother, and obviously my grandmother was living in this world that was totally overwhelming and unusual and, and she was having to be Elvis's wife and I. Think there was a lot of pressure on her to be perfect and to be the perfect sort of wife and woman in a that ever lived, you know, I think she really felt that pressure and she was very young and I think that my mom and her were very different.


Like my mother was very wild and unruly and rebellious and radical kind of, and she was very, you know, well-mannered and perfect and I don't know, just kind of the opposite of my mom and I. I, so I think they would butt heads often and I know, and my mom was like a very rebellious teenager. and I mean, I, I also think that that had to do with the fact that she was in grief too. Mm. And so I think she was, that she Was acting out. Maybe she Was acting out, she was angry at the universe for taking her father away. and I think that everything and everyone was not him.


My guest is Riley Keo. We're talking about the new memoir she co-authored with her late mother Lisa Marie Presley who died in 2023 at 54. We'll hear more of their conversation after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR r sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from Capital One, offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial. A member FDC


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And today my guest is Riley Keo. She's the co-author of the new book. From here to the Great Unknown, which she co-authored with her mother, Lisa Marie Presley, who recorded the details of her life before she died in 2023. In the book, Presley shares her memories of the first nine years of her life with her dad Elvis, the tumultuous relationship with her mother, Priscilla. Her romances, including her short-lived marriage to Michael Jackson and her search for her voice and place in the world outside of her father's fame. The book is written with alternating sections between Presley and Kio.


One of the most heartbreaking moments of your mother's life was when her dad died, and she writes about it with such painstaking clarity. She was actually there at Graceland that day in 1977. What did she share about that day? It was just something she always felt protective over that story. I I always got the sense that she would never share the details of that day publicly. But then when I got the tapes, I, I heard that she did wanna share, you know, the details of that day. And so she just goes through the whole sequence of events in the book and she basically came into my grandfather's room and, and he was in his bathroom and she saw him in there.


And then the, somebody grabbed her and brought her out into her room and the ambulance came and I think She said she went to smoke a cigarette. She was nine years old. And then she watched him get brought down the stairs on a gurney and she, she kind of says she remembers his seeing his shoes or his hand or something like that. And he gets wheeled out of the house. And then a few moments later, his father Vernon, basically she hears him yelling and saying, you know, my baby's gone. Or, and She said, says something like, what'd you say? Or something? And, and I think Vernon said, you know, your daddy's gone.


And that was something she did tell us, like the words that Vernon used or something. I remember from growing up him saying, you know, your daddy's gone. Your daddy's gone. I remember that from, from being very little. One of the things she also writes about in that, that section where she details that day is almost like this outof body experience for her watching others in the days after Elvis' death, all of the fans who came to Graceland and they were grieving so deeply for this man, it seems like it almost pushed her outside of her own grief for a moment because there's so much to hold when you have the world grieving for the person that's taking care of you.


Yeah, the whole world was grieving her father and, and she talks about watching people come through the house and people fainting and having to be carried out and ambulances coming to get people. And so I think she was kind of for the service and all of that, like just kind of watching this massive ceremony that was like a global experience kind of. So I, it was a, I think it was a very, it was interesting way to grieve and I think that it kind of maybe didn't leave her a lot of room for her own grief.


How does she process the fandom around Elvis? I mean, she had to hold like other people's really big feelings about him all of her life. I think she found a lot of comfort in it. I think that because his fans, you know, loved him so dearly, she felt comforted by that. Like it was a shared grief in a way. and I think when she would come home or come to Memphis or go to different ceremonies at Graceland and the fans would hug her or, or shared her grief, it was a shared experience. I actually think she found comfort in it. Ri you and your mom, you touch on a lot of the details that people want to know her relationship with her dad and mom, her music career, which I wanna talk more about her love life, including her being married to Michael Jackson, which we'll get to later and meeting and marrying your dad who you talk a lot about Danny Keo and people actually didn't want your parents to be together.


Your mom writes about how your grandma Priscilla wanted her to be with someone more established. But I should note that your dad was also hesitant, right? Because he could see all that came with being with Elvis's daughter. What do you think drew them to each other? My dad was just like a bass player from Oregon, from like a small town who made his way to California by like selling photos of a, you know, a volcano or something crazy. Like I can't remember the story. Wow, really? But he, yeah, and he like hitchhiked his way down and he came from a very small town in Oregon and I think her, her the fame and all that really, he, he, it scared him a bit.


and I don't think he, he was interested in that kind of thing. He just, all he cared about was music and she was kind of obsessed with him, I think, because he was, I mean, because they were in love. But also I think she could perceive that he was like one of the few people in her life who didn't have an agenda or, or want something from her other than her, which wasn't common in her life. And he was, you know, he, he tried to leave her a few times because I think that he kind of got the sense that, you know, her world would suck him in and he wouldn't really have his own life essentially.


An identity. An identity. How old were you when your mother left your father for Michael Jackson? I was six. What memories do you have of that time? Well, I remember I was sitting on her lap and we were in Florida and she told me she was divorcing my dad and I. I just remember sobbing and saying, he's not my, that means he's not my dad anymore. You know? And, and She said, no, that's not what that means. Of course he's your father, he's always gonna be your father. and I, I remember that pain like, well, but then they were very, you know, they were pretty good about, I guess like what's now consciously uncoupling.


And they, he was always around and he lived in our house and, and you know, I mean my mom left him for Michael, so he was devastated. I think she felt a lot of guilt about that, about leaving my dad. You wrote in the book that you spent more time growing up in Neverland than Graceland, right? That's, that's right. What are some of your most potent memories of, of staying there? Mostly playing with my cousins or my in-law cousins, you know, Michael's nephews and nieces running around kind of wild. Probably the similar to Graceland actually, you know, just kind of running free on the land and, you know, Neverland was a little more extravagant than Graceland, like, in terms of there was a lot more animals and there were rides and things.


So as a kid it was pretty fun for us to run around. Did I get this right that you wrote in the book? Something like you woke up to a giraffe in your, did I, was that right? Yeah. I always forget if I put that in or took it out. But yes, I woke up to a giraffe. I, I, he had animals on the property, but I don't know why on this day the giraffe was right outside the window. 'cause typically I think they're in like their areas, but I, it was a really memorable moment. What was your relationship with Michael Jackson? Like, you were afraid when you were, when your mom first told you that he might replace your dad, but once you got to know him, how would you describe it?


I think some, my mom says something in the book that people might kind of pass over, which is really kind of indicative of the whole thing, which is that like the version of Michael that was in her Our Lives or that she was with was, was different to I think the version that he presented on TV. And, and even the way he spoke wasn't d was different. And probably with Elvis too, there's the el the version of Elvis Presley for the, the world. And then there's the version at at home and I think, my experience with Michael was he felt like a human being and spoke differently. I remember the first time I saw him on tv, his register was higher and I, that's not how I was used to hearing him and I remember thinking that was interesting.


So I think that in my life he felt like my mom's husband, like a stepfather. There's an entire chapter devoted to, to Michael and she makes clear that she loved Michael and that their romance was real. Did she ever talk about though the possibility that MJ could also be using her or the perception and how she felt about the perception that he might be using this as a publicity stunt because it, like he was in the midst of this child sex abuse, these allegations at the time as well? I think that my answer to that is that their love was very genuine and they were in love and they were in a real relationship and slept in bed together and were very normal.


But I think that when you're that famous, there's a lot of people around and I think both camps kind of had people in their ears about each other. And you know, my mom started to perceive that maybe he was on drugs and he started to maybe get the idea that she was onto him maybe being on drugs. And then I think there was paranoia. I think my grandmother was apprehensive about the marriage and brought that idea up to my mom and I think it just kind of exploded, You know. Ri I was wondering because your mother died before she could finish the memoir, there are big sections of her life that are missing.


Were there gaps in her life that you had to fill in that? And what aspects of her life really that you feel were most absent? I think that because my, when she did these tapes, this was in the last sort of five years of her life, and it was the hardest time for her. It was just post her addiction and, and divorce and My, and then my brother died. So when she did the tapes, I think that she was coming from a place of sort of hopelessness or like heartbreak and there was a lot of her life that was like really beautiful. And most of our lives honestly were very fun and joyful and wild and eccentric and, and colorful and, and, and beautiful and poetic and, and just so special.


And so I felt like that was missing. and I, I tried to, you know, add a little bit of that. I don't know if I, I honestly don't know if enough of that was in there, you know, when I think back, because I think back to our lives together and at the end of the book I say like, I know we, we all would've done it again. And I know that, you know, because it was, it was a really harsh turn when she, when she started taking drugs at 40. And, and prior to that it was like kind of a, a magical, like my brother and I would always say like, we're so lucky with how, you know, how much fun we had growing up. Yeah. Well I chuckled about how she really didn't make you guys go to school if you didn't want to.


Yeah. How she, there was one story I think you told where she drove you to school and you and your brother were like, please, we don't wanna go. And so she turned around and took you for ice cream. That Was like all the time. It was a, it was, it was a constant thing. And my dad was like, so, you know, my dad is very intellectual and reads a lot and is, is really smart and cerebral and, and also emotional. But like, you know, education was important to him and to her. She just, she didn't care for school at all. So she would, you know, we, we would arrive and go, no, no, we don't, you know, we wanna stay with you today. And she would, you know, just turn around, take us to the toy store, take us to get ice cream, take us to the studio with her, and we would just spend the day and yeah, I mean, that happens so often that I didn't graduate high school.


Do you ever have plans of, of maybe getting your GED on me? I, I always want to. I, I, it's something that like, it's a, it's a real, it's really hard because I, I write and I think I was somebody who, who would've wanted to go to finish school and go to college. And my education really suffered because of our, the way that we lived. And I, I really see it when I'm writing, especially like the concepts I like, I'm not, like, my vocabulary doesn't match. I can't like translate the concepts I have sometimes when I'm writing and it, it really holds me back. And so I do think about that. I wanna ask you a little bit more about your mother's music career and her singing.


She didn't come out with her own music until the early two thousands. What was her relationship to music and singing? I mean, it was everything to her, you know, when she's talking about getting through her, her grief and all of that in the book, she kind of talks about, you know, listening to Pink Floyd and, and, and like that music was kind of her escape and I think that it was like a real release for her. And, and then when she started writing, like the only reason she began to write and do music was, you know, it was totally personal. It was therapeutic. Mm. Record execs though, were always trying to get her to fy her music.


Yeah, yeah. Did she ever talk about that and maybe the frustration she felt because I mean, she was like a, you know, she had the edge in her music sort of rock. You know, it's so funny because like Elvis isn't very country, you know, I think maybe they're trying to appeal to a group of people, but you know, it's rock and roll. And she would come home all the time from the studio and she'd always play us her demos in the car and blast it really loud. And we'd sit in there and I remember a few times where there'd be a song she'd write that I'd love and she'd come home and go, you know, this is the new version. And it would be like, like twangy, you know, country, nothing against country. I love country, but like, it wasn't what she wanted to do.


and I and I would say something as, as a child, I'd say, you know, I don't, I don't like that. I don't like the guitar, I don't like the, this version. And she didn't either. And she was like, oh God, you know, they're just trying to get me to do this. They want me to cover Elvis songs. And so it was difficult, but, you know, she had so much fun. She loved being on tour. We had like the best time ever. We all went on tour together. I would go, we, me and my brother would go with him. My dad played bass. She was married to her husband at the time who was her MD and, and so we'd all go on tour together and it was like a, a really fun, you know Yeah. Experience as a family. She loved it.


But I, I think she also said in the book, it was really like disorienting to look out in the audience and see Elvis impersonators, Well she used to before shows like peek out the side of the curtain and, and find where they would be so that she wasn't surprised when she went out there and she would just peek around and kind of go, okay, there's one in the back, there's one over there. Like, so she wasn't shocked Because it was, it was disorienting because it, like she's seeing images of her father, but a caricature of her father in many ways. Yeah. I mean it's like some kind of wild fever dream to right. Go out on stage and perform to your dead father, you know, or like a someone in costume, you know, it's, it's, it's bizarre.


I I think that the way people, people's relationship to him was as if he was like this sort of like, God, you know? And so I don't think there was a lot of humanizing going on with her. I think it was beyond, it's not that they had, you know, ill intentions. I think that they're just fans and, and she just maybe didn't realize how weird that would be for her. Well, ri thank you for being so gracious with your time and sharing your story and your mother's story. And I'm so sorry for your losses, but I thank you so much for your bravery and, and talking about it with us. Thank you. I appreciate you talking to me.


Ri Keo is an actress, producer and co-author of the new book. From here to the Great Unknown, which she wrote with her mother, Lisa Marie. Presley Presley died in 2023 at the age of 54. Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch


support for NPR and the following message, come from Bo and Branch for the Coziest bed this fall. Start with Bo and branches organic cotton sheets. For a limited time, get 20% off and free shipping on your first set of sheets@boandbranch.com with code NPR exclusion supply. See site for details.