
Support for this podcast and the following message come from Allianz's Travel Insurance. You're so excited to finally make it to Ireland, but the stomach bug you caught in Dublin wasn't exactly on your bucket list. Benefits like emergency medical coverage can have your back. Learn more@allianztravelinsurance.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a Garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr


From WY WHYY in Philadelphia. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley, and today poet and novelist Ocean Vong talks about his new novel, The Emperor of Gladness. In it, Vong tells the story of a suicidal man who has talked off the ledge by an elderly woman suffering from dementia through their friendship. Vong challenges the very foundation of what makes us American, including individualism and every man for himself. And yet, in the working poor communities, the black and brown communities that I grew up in, the generosity came first. That sort of doggy dog world was shameful. But critic Marine Corrigan also also has a review of Bond's novel, and we hear from comedian Otco Koska.


She's known for finding humor and the dysfunction of her immigrant family. Her new standup special is about her father who reappeared in her life after decades away. That's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice. When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or Swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you. With one touch In app scheduling pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rocket Money. Smart Money moves are all about getting more out of every dollar. With Rocket Money you can easily find for guidance subscriptions and have them negotiate bills for you, saving you money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Fresh Air today.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance and the name your Price tool. It helps you find car insurance options in your budget. Try it today@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty Insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law, not available in all states.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley. Our first guest is Writer in Poet Ocean Vong. Before we hear our interview, let's listen to book critic Marine Corgan's review of his new novel, The Emperor of Gladness, Ocean Wong's 2019 debut novel on Earth. Where briefly gorgeous was one of those novels that made me silently pledge. I'll follow you anywhere, whatever you write. And so I have into Wong's 2022 Poetry Collection. Time is a mother. And now his second novel, The Emperor of Gladness, like its predecessor, explores what Wong has called.


In a recent interview, the loneliness of class movement, sprawling, where its predecessor was compact. The Emperor of Gladness opens on a view sweeping in time and space of East gladness Connecticut, a town that manufacturing left behind. Our tour guides are the spirits of the place who speak to us in a collective voice. Follow the train tracks the ghosts, advise till they fork off and sink into a path of trampled weeds leading to a junkyard packed with school buses in various stages of amnesia, furred with Ivy, their dented hoods pooled with crisp leaves.


They are relics of our mis learning. If the novel's opening calls to mind, Thornton Wilder glazed with Springsteen. What happens next? Reads like Wong's nod to Frank Capra and his classic 1946 film. It's a Wonderful Life. Our main character, a 19-year-old depressed Vietnamese American boy named High stands on the Town Bridge High, has lied to his immigrant mother. She knows he's dropped out of college, but in an effort to make her feel better, high claims, he's been accepted to med school, which she naively believes her joy fills him with self-loathing as high is about to jump into the river below, he stopped, not by Clarence the angel, but by an elderly woman who house abuts the river.


Gina arrived in East Gladness as a Lithuanian refugee after World War ii. She's now a widow suffering from dementia and stranded in what was once a thriving blue collar neighborhood. Because she has an empty house and high can't return to his mother. The two settle in together with high becoming Gina's caregiver. This is one vision of a found family that Wong presents in The Emperor of Gladness and its miraculous. Lack of sentimentality surely owes something to the fact that he lived a similar story himself.


In fact, Wong dedicates this novel to his Gina Wong's Gifts of writerly restraint also keep things real here. About midway through the novel, Gina asks High, who's giving her a bath if he'll undress for once? So she doesn't feel like I'm some patient High steps out of his boxers, and Gina looks at him. The relationship silently equalized. But it's another type of found family that this novel even more deeply explores that is the often fleeting but intense one that sometimes emerges through Work High.


Finds a job at a local fast casual restaurant called Home Market. Although he quickly catches on that at home market made by hand meant heating up the contents of a bag of mushy food cooked nearly a year ago in a laboratory outside Des Moines and vacuum sealed in industrial resin sacks. There are pages of rye and often compassionate catalogs here describing the routines of high and his fellow workers, as well as the drugs they take to get through the pain and exhaustion of those routines Every day, this crew spends more of their waking hours with each other than they do with anyone else.


One result is that they can sniff each other's presence. Before Long, high began to know which employee was behind him by their scent alone. The Johnson and Johnson baby lotion. Wayne rubbed over grease burns on his arms. The traces of whiskey coming through the Wrigley's Maureen shoot, the bootleg Tom Ford. BJ War cut with the strawberry Starbursts Russia was always sucking on. The Emperor of Gladness is a truly great novel about work, still an under acknowledged topic in American fiction.


Hard work is supposed to get you somewhere. That's part of the Promise of America. But the payoff feels much less certain to these characters. A winning lottery ticket, an inheritance, maybe even a union would have to come along to propel these characters to a place of greater humane possibility. Wong's achingly austere artistic vision leaves it to his readers to imagine the better world he won't let himself depict. On the pages of this wonderful novel, Maureen Corrigan is a professor of literature at Georgetown University. She reviewed The Emperor of Gladness by Ocean Vong.


Now let's hear our conversation. Ocean Vong, welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you so much, Tanya. It's a pleasure to be here. You were nervous about this next book coming out. Mm. And I wonder why. Well, I, I imagine every author's nervous because you put so much care and work into something. But I, I never expected to write on my own terms so soon in my life. You know, I, everything I did was for my family and I got really comfortable with that. You know, it was never a burden. But then when my, my mother passed, I inherited my brother. My brother moved in, so my family got bigger.


We moved and I started writing this book January 18th, 2020. And it was my way out of grief. I thought, okay, I'm fully an orphan now, you know? I said, goodbye, mom. I'm going to, I'm gonna write this without you. It's my first book from start to finish without her. And when you say on your own terms, you mean exactly that because without her presence, even if it's on an unconscious level, you're not writing for her. Yes. And this book is funny. I'm a funny person. You know, there's all of me in here. And the first book I was writing, the history of my elders.


I don't write their stories. I've never interviewed my family for my work. To me, it's very ethical, ethically clear for me to not have them expose their pain for my art. So, you know, there's things they've told me I'll take to the grave. They've taken to the grave. So I, I'm inspired by their life in the same way Tolstoy was inspired by his family, but I don't mine their stories for my work. But because I knew that as Tony Morrison also knew that the majority of readers in America would be white, that, you know, Morrison said that really brilliantly. But she said, I know that as an editor, as a writer, however, I'm still writing for young black women.


My intention and the market are two different things. Although I can acknowledge both. And I'm so grateful for that model because I knew on earth were briefly gorgeous is my debut. But it's my second book. So I've been in publishing. I knew that the majority of my readers most likely will be white, but, so I didn't want to invite folks to laugh at my elders. So that book was very somber. Hmm. And this book is more my history, and so there's a lot of humor in it, but it's still full of grief because I, I just, I felt really icky about writing on my own.


I haven't figured it out yet. There, I think there's so much shame in accomplishment for, for someone coming from the working poor because every triumph is also a moment of immense loss. Let's get into your origin story, which started in Vietnam, but you arrived here at two years old, lived in Connecticut, a small town called Glastonbury. And the book is set in a fictional town, east Gladness, which I suspect is very similar to Glastonbury.


Can I have you read an excerpt from the book that really describes this setting? Sure. It's a town where high school kids having nowhere to go on Friday nights, park their stepfather's trucks in the unlit edges of the Walmart parking lot, drinking smear off out of Poland spring bottles and blasting Weezer in little Wayne until they looked down one night to find a baby in their arms and realize they're 30 something. And the Walmart hasn't changed except for its logo brighter now lending a bluish glow to their time gaunt faces. It's where fathers and blue jeans flecked with wood stain stand at the edges of football fields watching their suns steam in the red and dawn one hand in their pocket, the other gripping a cup of Dunkin Donuts.


They could be statues for what it means to wait for a boy to crush himself into manhood. And each morning you'd sit on the frost dusted bleachers, a worn copy of to the lighthouse on your lap, and watch the players on the field. Blue tomahawks shivering on their jerseys, their plastic pads crackling in the mist. And when you turn the page, it would slip right off the binding fluttered through the field, gathering inky blotches through the wet grass until it tangles between the boys' legs and disintegrates under a pair of black cleats. The words gone to ground that town.


This town sounds like so many towns in the United States. In fact, you go on to also write about kind of the center of the town where there are lots of fast food restaurants and the main character actually works at a fast food restaurant. What strikes me is that so much of what is written about America and presented about America are the big cities and the big towns. But this reality is much more real and much more common. Yeah. Yeah. And it's so seldom written about. I think we, we really fetishize the stories that have these escape arcs and these improvement arcs rags to riches.


It's so interesting because we see it in our films. Even magazine stories, things that are written about me. Refugee kid makes good Right. Writing his first book. So the story, the profiles are all around that myth. Meanwhile, I grew up looking around, all I saw was stagnation in American life. But it didn't mean that it was doomed. If you ask, my stepdad worked at Stanine And What is Stand Stanine is a company in Connecticut. It's no longer there. He worked there for 25 years and its entire manufacturing was to manufacture a single screw that went into gas pumps.


And If you asked him a refugee who escaped by boat living people, you know, relieving themselves on a tiny boat, throwing up overboard, seven days he spent at sea. And If you asked him, did you managed to live your American life the way you want it without batting an eye, he would say yes. Because he said, I have a uniform. There's a stitching on the right chest with my name, my Vietnamese name in Dia critics. And he, we, we, our our living room was so spare 'cause we couldn't hang anything up.


It was, it was a HUD housing rental. So If you wanna hang something up, you wanna put a hole in something, you have to ask permission. It's a bureaucratic nightmare. You can't paint. Right. You don't own anything. So, exactly. We lived in a kind of, it, it felt like a, like a stage set. It wasn't ours. But he would come home and he put a thumb tack on the wall, and he would hang that uniform every single day. And he said, I live my life on my trip. That was my American life that I wanted. He had healthcare, he had a salary. It's very relative for me because when I looked at his life, I saw something full of loss.


This man went to bed, woke up at 3:00 PM to go to work, went to bed at 12:00 AM I never saw him. He never saw his kids. My mother never saw him. And I looked at that. I said, gosh, my, i my life needs to be different. Hmm. Meanwhile, that was his triumph. And so to me, growing up, I realized that there are many versions of triumphs. And I'm not interested in the American dream so much as I'm interested in Americans who dream because him and I had two different dreams. Both of them are valid. If you're just joining us, we're listening to my interview with writer Ocean Bong, about his new novel. The Emperor of Gladness will be right back after a break.


I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Made In Cookware president and co-founder Jake Kali shares a tool that's useful for both master and newbie griller. The craftsmanship of the carbon steel griddle enhances your grilling experience because it allows you a totally different type of grill surface that opens up the amounts of food you're able to cook. So the griddle is the perfect accessory to add to your grill and kind of widen your, your grilling game. Learn more about Made In Cookware at M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


This message comes from Mathnasium committed to making math fun and building confidence so students can achieve their potential this school year offering customized math instruction and individual attention to students in grades K through 12 mathnasium.com.


Well, one of the things that you do in this book through the story too, the main character high, he works at a fast food restaurant. And so I'm thinking about your stepdad working in a factory. He had a family of circumstances Well, yeah. At work. Yeah. And that same way. And those relationships, they're so fleeting, but they can be so deep as well. Yeah. Because that you depend on each other and no ideology is strong enough to withstand kinetic kinship. That's what I learned working at Boston Market, Which is because that's where you worked for how long?


Three years. Three Years? Yeah. Yeah. You also worked at other fast food restaurants. Panera Bread as well. Yeah. Yeah. Two very different places, but actually two very different places because they serve different communities. One was more upscale. Panera Bread was a little more upscale than Boston Market, but it was still minimum wage. Right. Seven 15, we, you, you still feel it, but you, you realize that people were kind of stuck. The, the, the shift was a trap. The fast food restaurant was a trap, Meaning there was no place of mobility to move up.


And everybody knew that. But we didn't dare Say it. Hi. As I mentioned the protagonist, he has decided that maybe he wants to die. And he's intercepted by this relationship with this 82-year-old woman who's suffering dementia. He ends up being her caregiver. And, and every moment in the book, as I'm turning the page after I realize that I'm thinking he wanted to die, but he's living another day. And in that living another day, it's very much like that classic movie. It's a wonderful life with Jimmy Stewart. You know, where he says, I wanna live. But there's something in it where these mundane, everyday things now seem kind of beautiful.


These interactions he's having with his colleagues in this fast food restaurant that are so deeply human. It's almost a reframe Yeah. Of the mundane day-to-day life. Absolutely. I'm so glad you mentioned It's a wonderful life. There's a moment that I've been thinking about that I didn't put in the book because it's, it's a little too dramatic and I didn't know what to do with it. But there was this quintessential moment of, of these laborers coming together. There was a woman in her thirties and we were closing up, this is that Boston Market. We were closing up for the night, about 30 minutes to close.


And she gets this phone call on the landline. No, we didn't really have, you know, iPhones and the phone call basically said her brother had overdosed. He's in the hospital, they're trying to do everything they can. It was, it was, it was her ride, you know. Yes. Someone, it was her aunt supposed to pick her up every day. And she's like, I gotta go. You gotta stay there until I figure this out. And this is the early aughts. So our community in, in Connecticut was hit with the opioid crisis before it had a term and it was like a bubonic plague. We didn't know what was hitting us. Yep. And there was so much shame because you had lunch ladies, gym teachers, everyone was taken out overnight.


And we finished the shift, we closed out and there was this unspoken reality. Nobody said it, but we all knew we were not gonna go home. Hmm. I I still think about that. Like, we clocked out, we're not paid. The lights are off safe for the little fluorescent light by the sink. And we're sitting in this Boston market just holding vigil for her, For her brother. 'cause we, Yes. How can you, I mean, but I'm interested in it. I'm like, where does that kind of kindness come from? Where does it, who taught us that? It's like the elephants. Every year they come back and they touch the bones of their dead and the eldest gets to do it first and they form a line.


And I'm like, what is it about our species that came with that? This is a question that you've been asking yourself. I think you used the term, what is kindness without hope? That's it. Can you be kind without hope? Yeah. There's sort of a hope embedded in kindness because there's some, some sort of faith in many instances that really bind all of this together. That's It. That's a better word for it. Huh? Faith. There's so much faith required in doing something, knowing there is no guarantee that it will pay off. I mean, we're told in this country that you have to pull yourself from the bootstraps.


Every man for himself individualism. And yet the, in the working poor communities, the black and brown communities that I grew up in, the, the generosity came first. That sort of doggy dog world was shameful. Class mobility has been really strange for me. I'm in these spaces where it's mostly upper middle class folks, academia, publishing. And I found like a totally different set of ethos. In values. In values. And that ricochet I was never prepared for. I'm still not prepared for it.


You're now in elite circles. You're teaching at an elite university. You are a bestselling book author. You grew up where your mother did not know how to read. You did not know how to read until you were 11. Your mom worked at a nail salon. And in these elite circles, they can read your work, but they'll never truly feel and know. And yet the people that you grew up with, they feel and know. But do they care really about the things that you've seen, the stuff that you come home to share with them? It's a privileged place to be in. Yeah. Is it also a lonely place?


It is, but I prefer that they don't care my family. Oh, say more on that. Yeah. Because when I come home, I'm, I'm just one more, I'm just one more of the litter, you know? And also, here's another thing. Why should they care? Just because the New Yorker says, what I do is valuable, just because Time Magazine or NYU or Yale says what I do is valuable. Why should all of a sudden that value system be foisted on them? They never had time to read a book. My mother worked from 8:00 AM 8:00 PM If somebody walks in at 7 55, she has to do their nails.


She's not leaving till nine. When do you read a book? If you can afford a $30 hardback, when do you read it? So time, the, the idea of engaging in this product is expensive. On the soul, on the body. And I'm really proud actually, that they, they don't, I, because some authors, their work comes home with them and I, I can't even bring it home Because nobody cares. Because nobody Care. They're like, they're like, oh, book cool. Put it, you know, put it aside. You know, fry died later. It aside, you know. But they do care in some instance, because you're caring for a lot of relatives. Like you're financially Yes. Caring for how many, is It nine people?


Nine people, cousins, brothers. Yeah. Other extended family. And they're really proud. They, they, you know, my aunt actually, she has a little album of all of my press cuttings. And she puts it under her, her desk at the nail salon. She whips it out, you know, because she doesn't think anyone will believe her. It's also interesting, she said, I I'm keeping all your press clippings. 'cause people don't think, I don't think they're gonna believe me if I say my nephew's v you know, I think also, like, you know, my aunt was the first one that told me. She says, I was talking about Oprah and my nephew's an Oprah pick at the salon.


And all the people at the salon, they start Googling all the other nail workers. Yeah. And then the first thing they said was, he's the first Vietnamese American Oprah pick. And like, And they probably never read an Oprah pick, you know, but they were proud of that. So there is a kind of symbolic pride. But I, I don't for force what I value onto them because I don't think it's fair. Growing up though, did you feel a certain sense of class betrayal? I think that's something that you've mentioned about, 'cause my sense is that you've always been who you are that you love to read.


Once you discover that as a medium, and how do you reconcile that to being yourself, but also being one of the litter? I don't read in front of my family. You still don't. I still don't. Why? Because there's a sense of, I think, ache when they see it. And I know even when they Oh, go, go do it. But there's a kind of, when I start to read in front of them, everything, everybody goes silent the room When you're reading like loud, Even like a magazine. Yeah. I'm just reading a magazine in the corner in front of my family.


Everything goes silent because they, they, they, because they're illiterate, it's, they have so much reverence for it as if I'm performing some kind of liturgy or magic. Right. And that saddens me because, and it was like everyone ocean's reading as if I'm doing something like a wizard. Right. And also my mother, when, when, when I would read early on in my college life, she, she would, she was, I wish I could do that. She's like, just so you know, just so you know, if I had a chance I would read too. Hmm.


And when she was dying, this is like the days, this still in the hospital. And, and I was asking her, you know, you say we knew it was terminal. And, and I just said, what do you need, mom? Anything? What do you wanna do? And we believe in reincarnation as Buddhists. And she said, in the next life, I want be a professor like you. Oh shit. It's because, and she, she don't, she don't know what that is. Right. And you are told, you're told you, you, you always thought that you look up to your mom.


And I did. And I did not know. She was looking up to me the whole time, you know? And I just thought, gosh, you know, but she, she was so proud to say that. Do you hold any like, thoughts to the afterlife and what she can see and what she's a part of this reality in this moment now? I don't know, but I feel her, and it's important for me to say this because so much of Asian American life is about making art despite or against our family's wishes. And I know that's true, but for me, I always had their blessing.


Even though they didn't know what I was doing. It was so strange to them. But they never said no to me. So when I walk into a place like this, or, or when I walk into the classroom or on stage, my mother, my grandmother, my teachers living and dead, my partner, my brother, I come in with their blessing and their, they have vouched for me. So I do feel completely invincible in that sense. Hmm. The body, I can't speak to that, that would degrade and fall apart. But mentally, spiritually, I feel invincible because that's the only thing I care about.


Their blessing. Ocean Wong, thank you so much. Thank you for making space for me and, and, and for us, Tanya. It's always a pleasure. Ocean Wong is the author of the new novel, The Emperor of Gladness. Coming up we hear from comedian Ko Koska, her new Hulu standup specialist called Father. And in it she jokes about the challenges of being an adult, the cultural expectations as an immigrant, and the return of her father in her life after decades away. I'm Tanya Mosley, and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


This Message is sponsored by Audible. Can AI predict the source of the next global pandemic? Or at least help convince a Hollywood studio to buy a new screenplay from Scott Z. Burns? The writer of contagion. Don't miss what could go wrong. A deeply thoughtful, occasionally frightening, and often hilarious audible original podcast that delves head and heart. First into this burning question. Can humankind and AI actually work hand in hand? Listen to what could go wrong. Now. On Audible, at audible.com/what could go wrong?


This message comes from tma. Create Your Oasis with tma. A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential. TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves, and minimalist style. The Thema bed collection is available in four signature finishes to match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to t co slash NPR.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley, and My guest today is comedian SKO Koka. Her origin story might sound like the setup of a drama. She grew up undocumented, was raised by her grandmother, who she jokes kidnapped her and brought her to the states as they both dealt with the instability of watching her mother suffer from schizophrenia. But Koco has made a career of turning that story on its head, minding it for sharp, hilarious observations about mental illness, identity, and navigating adulthood with few life skills. Here she is in her first comedy special, the intruder where she reflected on the unconventional family dynamic that shaped her.


I've never heard try to look different. No. It was always blend in Osco, blend in, keep your head down and blend in as much as possible. At least that's what my family would tell me. And then they named me Ko Koka. And then they went on to choose English names for themselves. I know. Thanks Mom or Linda. That's betrayal. Uncle Paul In her new special on Hulu called Father Atco, goes even further reflecting on her relationship with her father in Japan, who was largely a distant figure in her life. After she moved to the States in 2022, Osco became the second Asian American woman after Margaret Cho to release an hour long comedy special on HBO with the intruder.


And she became a social media darling a few years ago, thanks to her viral videos and dance challenges. Like the one where she walked around LA with her grandmother dancing to Beyonce Ko Koska. Welcome to Fresh Air. Oh my gosh, Tanya. It is a pleasure. It's an honor. This is too good to be true. Well, your story is incredible. You were born into a Japanese Taiwanese family, spent your early childhood in Japan, moved here to the United States when you were eight years old, your grandmother basically kidnapped you. And you joke about this, but it sounds pretty traumatic. Yeah.


But you know, what I found about trauma is while you're going through it, you're not going, this is trauma. This is trauma. This is not good. Right. I didn't have time to feel that. I'm realizing. Yeah. Yeah. And so in a strange way, as I like processed it over the years, I guess, you know, whether it was like depression that I was hitting or Right. Sadness that I was feeling, I didn't know. That was maybe the trauma that I was like processing. And then now that it's been really a longer time and I'm able to joke about it, I've sort of started to heal without even realizing it. Does that make sense?


Well, It does because so much of your comedy, it feels like you're working it out on stage. I also wanna know though, the, about those first years when you arrived here, because the three of you, your mother, your grandmother, and you, you arrived and you were staying in your uncle's garage. Was it a real garage? Like describe this garage. So it was a garage that he then extended for us so that there would be a bedroom attached and then a, a toilet shower. Yeah. And then a kitchen unit in where the cars were originally would go. Yeah. I don't think that built that, that was legal for him to do.


Right. To deck it out like that. But it happened to be that the garage was like behind the, this sort of like gate that you opened to go to the backyard. So it was kind of hidden away from, you know, the streets. You joke when people ask you like, what's wrong with you, you say, well, I was raised by a 50-year-old woman when that's your only friend. You have talked about this quite a bit on stage in this American life. There's a beautiful episode where you even joke about like, you know, your life is traumatic when Ira Glass calls you and says, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That it's not good. Yes. But What did your grandmother tell you about the choice to bring you all here and really you spent your childhood in that garage?


Yeah. So my grandma and I hadn't really talked about it in depth until kind of Ira glass, which was just 20, 23. Was it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just two years ago. I mean, this whole time I just needed someone to be like, do you wanna do it for radio? And I'm like, yes, yes, yes. Now I would like to uncover what's going on. Yes. Or else, you know, I'm fine with just not knowing. You know, the truth hurts. Right. And so I wanna do it not alone. And it helped that I got to do it with Ira and the thousands and thousands of thousands of listeners. Yes. Yeah. Right. At the same time then I'm really not alone. It wasn't funny though, you know, I mean, you told it in a, a very matter of fact way in a very moving way as well as someone who is always used to bringing in that, that little bit of humor into it.


What was that like for you to share that story in that way? I always say there's like a kind of aura of sadness around me. You know, because the truth is, my mom as we're speaking is I can picture her right now. She's sitting upstairs in the house that my uncle owns, my other uncle, and she is laying in bed and she hasn't left that house in a long, long time. She, you know, doesn't have any friends. She is severely depressed. And all my life, my mom has suffered. And I, I think about that all the time as I get to do things like tour and travel, see the world come to here, the west side.


Even, you know, as I go out drinking with friends, my mom can't do any of those things. She's suffering so much. Right. And so I have the ability to tap into, I guess being present and real. Especially when dealing with heavy topics. You know, when I'm trying to protect an audience, when I'm trying to protect other people, which is why I became a performer. I, I love people and I love the arts because of that. Yes, I'm gonna do it with humor. People pay tickets to come see me. I'm not gonna just tell you sad stories. I'm gonna make sure you laugh so you can forget your problems. What's interesting is your mother was not diagnosed with schizophrenia.


You share until she was much older. She was in her thirties. So growing up, when did you become aware that she was suffering and, and that maybe she wasn't like other mothers? I think that I was always in denial a little bit. I still am, I still think that I think this of everyone that is going through mental illness, because I think it is true, I truly believe it. That like however much, you know, there is chemical imbalances going on underneath that is the real you that loves dancing. If you're my mom, my mom was ballerina when she was young or loved to put on plays with her neighborhood friends, you know, when she lived in a small village in Taiwan.


You know, whatever your story is, whatever you're into as a person before bipolar or depression or whatever that you have come across, you know, I, I truly believe that about each, each person I knew before I even moved to America in Japan, all of my classmates, their parents were still together. So I did notice, you know, at like school plays or parental meetings, it was always both parents present for all the other kids when I would go have play dates at their house too. It was both parents there on the weekends and stuff. And so was it your grandmother who would take you to those things?


Right. So it would be my grandma. Yeah. And, you know, sometimes it would be like whispers like, who is she bringing this time? Is it grandma? Yeah. Is her mom gonna show up? What's her mom look like? We don't even know. Does she have a dad? What would you tell people when they'd ask you about your mom? Well, I remember one time telling my second grade teacher because she, she knew that my mom was sick. That was the word I would use. My grandma told me she was sick and I knew something was off. So I was like, oh, she's sick with something. And you know, my mom also has seizures. So that was the part that she understood. She was like, oh wow. She, she has seizures and then she'll just fall.


Yeah. Okay. That's, that's intense. Yeah. I could see why it's hard for her to physically be at the school or get places, you know? I didn't know how to quite describe her mental state. Yeah. Because I, you know, I was a kid. A kid. Yeah. I was thinking about that. Your mother's diagnosis and what it was like growing up with her. But she was diagnosed with schizophrenia in her mid thirties. Was that a relief to know a name for what you had been experiencing throughout your childhood? Did that offer anything to you by the time that happened?


Oh, it did not because I, I think I didn't super look into it on my own. I was afraid for more probably truth. Yeah. What do you mean by that? So I used to go to church when I first got to the States and my uncle, who we were staying with and his wife, you know, my aunt and uncle were going to church. What kind of church? It was a Chinese Baptist church. Yeah. And that's how you end up going there, right. Is like, if you're an immigrant, it's very easy for them to be like, well you need friends, right? Yeah. And you like, you like free food. I was like, yes, yes.


Do we do outings? Sometimes we go, you know, play basketball at the park. I like that. So yeah, I ended up there and, you know, because of that. And then I became super Christian. Right. Like on my own, I think, you know? Right. I needed something to believe in or something. It, it was community, all these things. And I was still confused about why we didn't go back to Japan. Yes. And my mom's condition and in that garage. So I took it very seriously to the point I even like signed up for Jesus camp on my own. Usually, you know, churches Sign up together. Yes. Like the youth group will Sign up together. One year, nobody from my church signed up, but I was like, I'm gonna do it on my own because that's how much of a believer I am.


Yeah. What an insane thing. I had no group representing me. It was just me on my own. And so I went and I remember at the camp there were like these prayer groups and prayer meetings. We would break it off into, and one night it was like me and like 30 people in a prayer group. And I, I asked for them to pray for my mom, pray for my mom to get better to, you know, to be freed from the voices in her head and all these things from the suffering, from severe depression, from the seizures, from feeling so isolated and down all the time. And then I remember like when the, when 30 people are praying for you out loud.


Yeah. And you're like in Big bear, it's almost like a vacation. Right. We were outdoors overlooking like forests and mountains. It was so beautiful. Yeah. I truly thought that it was gonna work. Hmm. When I go home, she's gonna be healed. So by the time your, your mother got that diagnosis, where were you in that realm? Was had she already gotten the diagnosis or did that come later? Well, at the time, I'm trying to remember when I found out that she, it was, you know, I remember seeing the word schizophrenia because I asked my grandma to write out what it is that the doctor said. She has my uncle who is O-B-G-Y-N in Taiwan is the one that helped figure it out.


And my grandma wrote out the word, I think, I think that was after this Jesus camp incident. Because when I came home I was super disappointed that she had not changed. Right. And feeling really down and hopeless. So I think by the time I saw that word schizophrenia on a napkin, that that's what my mom had. I was like, would it even help to even figure out what that is? Because like the prayers didn't help. Yeah. Like what, what, what would help? Because to this day, you know, she still hears voices Even with medication. I mean, yeah. We had to choose, do we treat the seizures more or the voices more?


Because those two kinds of medications cancel each other out. So, oh, we decided to treat the seizures more because that's more, you know, immediately fatal and scarier. Just 'cause it's physical. What a choice to have to make. I wanna talk a little bit about this latest standup special because you talk about reconnecting with your father in it. And he's always lived in Japan. So essentially you grew up here in the States in LA where you all arrived without him. And I wanna talk more about that in the moment. But he has brought up the idea of you and your husband having children and I wanna play a clip. Here's what you had to say about that in the special, I have reconnected with my dad and we're very close, but he really wants me to have kids because he thinks that's how you undo a traumatic past.


And I always have to be like, oh dad, I think our family should stop. Should she stop? In fact, Ryan has a vasectomy scheduled for the end of the year. Yes. Oh yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. I booked it. Thank You. Thank you. That was My guest today. Ko Koska in her new Hulu comedy special father. What I love about that is that it's very singular 'cause it's your experience, but I think that a lot of people can also feel that way. Like, we are not passing down this generational trauma here.


Right. But was not having children something that you always knew for yourself that you didn't want? Or did that come with you and Ryan together making that decision based on your history? It's something I never really wanted, you know, and then Ryan happened to feel the same way too. So when we came together, it was an easy thing to, you know, come to a conclusion about, we were just like, this is how we feel. Yeah. Margaret Cho, you tell the story about how being at this Baptist church, right? Someone gave you a DVD, did they give you that DVD because they already could see you were funny?


Or was it just a coincidence? Yeah, we would joke around a lot about stuff and you know, she said she was older than me, this girl who passed me the DVD. Yeah. Yeah. And she said, I think I think you'll like this. Yeah. And she gave me an example of a joke that Margaret Cho had, which was, oh, she, you know, she's, she's really pro prolific. It's, she has a joke about how like, you know, hello Kitty, you know, she's Hello Kitty. That's her name, but she doesn't have a mouth, so how does she say hello? Or something like that. Yeah. And I was like, whoa. That's, you know, as a kid, I found that to be so funny and neat.


Yeah. I think it's because she saw that I would enjoy it Many years later. You're face to face with Margaret Cho. I was really touched, I think she said about you, that when she looks at you from the moment she first became acquainted with your work, that you just knew who you were immediately because she didn't know. And I think that's just, she didn't know for herself. Oh. When she first started off. I think that's so powerful because you know who you are in part because you were able to see her do it. Oh, for sure. Without Margaret Cho. There's no me, there's without even Bobby Lee.


Yes. Who was one of the first without Joe Coy, you know, there wouldn't be me without a lot of people. Right. And we can go on with the list without Anime Wong, who's an actress, and Yes. Not a comedian, but there wouldn't be me. Yeah. It's, we talk about the first, you said, you know, in 2025 there's still the first to do this and the second to do this. Margaret really was the first Asian American female standup. And they were mean to her. They were not kind. She talks about it in her standup from having eating disorders to having to audition for her own TV sitcom for her own character.


Only for them to say, you're too fat, so go and lose weight. What would that, what does that do to a person? And I, I, I've really, I watched her go through it, but look at her, I mean, look to, to still be doing it and crushing it too. And she's my friend. That's, yeah. It's truly an honor to know her. Atco Koska, this has been such a pleasure. Thank you so much. Oh my gosh. Thank you so much for having me. Atco Kotkas new Hulu special is called Father. She's currently performing her new standup as part of her big bowl tour. Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden.


Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Schrock, Annmarie Baldonado, Lauren Kle, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Kudi, and Ana Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CB Nesper. Our consulting video producer is Hope Wilson with Teri Gross. I'm Tanya Mosley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one Password. Protect your digital life with one password. If you're tired of family members constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac, and PC with convenient features like autofill for quick sign-ins. Right now, get a free two week trial for you and your family at one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair at Warby Parker dot com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Just put in your license plate or VIN and get a real offer in seconds. Whether selling now or whenever feels right, sell with Carvana.